


『Chih! This hardness is really something!』



The lizardman spontaneously cursed seeing the shining barrier only giving off impact sound without even a scratch.



The barrier was of the highest class. It wouldn't be broken that easily. But, the lizardman also didn't have the time to keep attacking it as he pleased.



Kouki charged forward while cloud of dust was left behind from his momentum and this time he was the one who blew away the lizardman.



Even while getting blown away, the lizardman killed the momentum by crawling on all four.



「Why are you rejecting a path where both sides might be able to survive……, why-, won't you choose the path of living!」



『Don't make me laugh-』



The lizardman easily cut down Kouki's pained appeal.



『You are telling me to recognize that the like of livestock, the like of food has the right to live freely? That's just crazy!』



You are nuts for trying to look for something that doesn't exist from us as though we are human.



Is that because you are a human of another world? That you have that kind of thinking?



The existence of other world, whether it really exist or not. Such thing doesn't matter.



I'll teach you. The truth of this world. Just what is the meaning of living!



The lizardman trampled forward hard *don* and stood up. He stepped firmly on the ground of sand like a large tree, and he threw out his chest without even an ounce of shame.



『Fight, steal, conquer, rule! Those are exactly the long-cherished desire of the living!』



Miasma was overflowing from the whole body of the lizardman. The thickness of the miasma was increasing in concert with his roar.



『We are turning human into livestock, to create a new world where the pain of hunger vanished! So that we, <The Being Clad in Scale Armor> can have an exceptional position! The head of the queen is indispensable!』



A pressure that was unseen by eye assaulted Kouki. That wasn't a distinctive power. It was a dominating aura, a mettle, the power of resolve that he dedicated for the future of the scaled dragon species he was looking at.



『Then, I'll reward my followers who staked their life! Listen-, you half-baked person who possessed strength beyond your position! My name is Ragal! The chief of <The Being Clad in Scale Armor>!』



'Aah', Kouki thought. His heart leaked out a sigh of admiration and also despair.



Did this person ordered his comrades to die? Perhaps, so, perhaps not. He didn't know the truth, but there was only one thing that he was certain about, those lizardmen who carried out the crazy surprise attack by freefalling from the sky and accomplished their objective with their life as the payment, they too also possessed a definite resolve. They didn't perish inside grief and despair that they couldn't oppose and defy by any means!



『I'll kill you, and take――the queen's head!』



Sand pillar blew up. That sand pillar that looked as though it was piercing the sky was the mark of Ragal's step. He wore his miasma like armor and appeared instantly before Kouki's eyes with his long spear that he also covered in miasma.



Kouki evaded the sharp thrust that pierced through the wind by moving half his body to behind. The long spear's thrust instantly transformed into a sweep that ignored the inertia.



The pressure from that attack was far greater than before. It could be clearly seen that the strength inside the attack was ascending further. Kouki immediately used his holy sword as shield, but by doing that it felt like the sword would be thrown away along with his arm.



Kouki desperately braced his legs, but suddenly the pressure vanished and he unintentionally stumbled. The next moment, his feet floated lightly. The miasma that seemed to seep into the ground unnoticed stirred up the sand below Kouki's feet.



The long spear was swung once more at Kouki who lost his balance. Kouki averted the spear by slamming his palm on the flat side of the spear tip, but then the peculiar attack of scaled dragon species assaulted him.



The rotating Ragal launched a spinning kick followed by his sweeping dragon tail.



The upper and middle area was blocked like that. Dodging was impossible.



The claws of the legs were approaching, followed by dragon tail that became like a blade with the miasma enveloping it. Terror was rushing through Kouki's whole body instinctually. He backstepped desperately and only barely managed to dodge.



But, it seemed that Ragal had read the flow of offense and defense until that far. He showed not a shred of turmoil that his attack was evaded, he smoothly formed a throwing spear made from miasma. It was fired like a bullet from close range toward Kouki's head.



Excluding some case that was out of norm, the dynamic vision and reflexes of Kouki who boasted specs at the pinnacle had saved his life until now. When he shifted his body faster than his awareness, the miasma throwing spear passed through with only a scratch on Kouki's neck.



Kouki backstepped even further when his feet touched the ground and he widened the distance.



There was the sensation of warmth and something trickling on his neck.



Without averting his gaze from Ragal who readied his long spear once more, one of Kouki's hands slowly caressed his neck. His fingertip felt something wet, something with raw sensation.



「–」



It wasn't a fatal wound. It was only his skin that was cut. But, it was an attack toward his neck. A lump of ice slid down inside Kouki's heart.



Just now, he almost died……



Scary……



Death was scary.



Nothing convenient would occur. Death was right before his eyes. He wondered, how was he able to say something like「Everything is absolutely going to be okay」 before. Anyone would die when it was the time to die.



Amanogawa Kouki, could die easily.



Scary……terrifying……



Ragal was gradually closing the distance. He wasn't letting his guard down or getting self-conceited. He planned to kill Kouki carefully and then returned triumphantly with Moana's head. There was no turmoil or hesitation inside him.



Scary……



Killing was scary.



Severing the life of a being that possessed will, it was something that was really terrifying.



Killing Ragal. Became the ally of Moana and her people and then killed all of the <Dark Being> to the last.



Surely doing that meant killing the hope of the <Dark Being>.



It meant crushing their dearest wish, severing their thread of life, and granting them despair.



Scary……



It felt scary to control the survival of someone.



Someone who might be able to live a proper life would get derailed by getting involved with him. Such thing was unbearably terrifying.



Something was moving at the corner of his sight. When he sent a glance that way while slowly taking distance away from Ragal, he saw the figure of the collapsed Moana there.



She was supposedly leaning on Haumu, but it seemed she stirred and fell on the ground. Or perhaps, she was getting weaker that she was unable to even maintain her leaning position.



Scary……



Death was scary.



Killing was scary.



Making mistake was scary.



But,



――Not being able to protect, was scarier. That was the only thing, that he couldn't endure.



So,



It was only the failure of "cannot choosing", that he absolutely couldn't tolerate anymore, so,



That was why,



「I'll kill you」



His face looked like it was going to cry, his voice was trembling, however, he spoke his "choice" clearly.



Kouki took a step forward.



Even saying that it took an instant was still lacking to describe it. It was as though the ground was shrunk closer, his speed was literally like that when he appeared before Ragal's eyes.



『Nuh』



A diagonal slash from above that looked only like a silver flash caused Ragal to block it just barely with his long spear even while staring in astonishment. Instantly Ragal's legs were buried into the sand along with a thunderous sound that felt like an earthquake. If they were standing on a hard ground then perhaps there would even be a crater formed.



Speed and destructive power that were incomparable from before. If Ragal let his guard down, the brutal attack might split him into two together with his spear.



In that attack, there was certainly "killing intent" that was nonexistent until now filled into it.



『Don't underestimate mee-』



Ragal gushed out miasma that was accompanied with impact along with a loud scream of fighting spirit.



「――<Light Severance>-!」



Barrier of light manifested between Kouki and Ragal.



The barrier was instantly smashed from the impact it got showered with, but it accomplished enough of its objective to not let its creator got pushed back.



Toward Kouki who neutralized the miasma shockwave just as planned, Ragal used his everything, miasma of thrown spear, spear attack combo with gyration, hand claws, jaw, kick, and dragon tail to launch an offensive that was like a surging waves.



Kouki handled, dodge, repelled, and intercepted all of those.



『-, you are still-, going further up!? You bastard-, what in the world――』



The sword attack finally surpassed Ragal's martial might. Ragal was forced to switch from offensive into defensive, and this time he raised a voice that was definitely shocked and agitated……



An upward slash. The long spear was thrown far away.



Thrown spear of miasma. It was evaded with a twirl.



The two passed each other,



「-aAAAAAAAAAAAAH!!」



A sword flash drew an arc along with a war cry that sounded like a scream.



Briefly, cloud of dust danced in the air.



Kouki who stayed unmoving in a position of finishing the slash of the holy sword was silent with his back toward the back of Ragal who was in a stance of swinging up his long spear halfway.



『How, can……this be……』



That voice was filled with feeling of shock, despair, and then resentment. Those were the last words of Ragal.



Slowly, the lizard head shifted and fell to the ground. Miasma scattered in a burst and the large body crumbled down following the falling head.



Kouki wordlessly looked up to the sky and took a deep breath. And then, he slowly turned around. In order to see the result of what he had done.



A head that threw an empty gaze at empty air. A large body that lost its head and spurted out blood. Dark red blood that dyed the ground of sand.



The definite proof of a life stolen.



「tsu, oguh, geeh」



The thing that welled up even when he only killed monster that didn't possess will or intelligence overflowed this time without him being unable to hold it back. But, in the first place because he hadn't eaten anything for long, what came out was only the stomach's gastric juice.



Kouki supported his body with his holy sword while falling in one knee. In this moment he looked as though he had aged drastically. His rounded back looked as though something enormously heavy was weighing him down. His trembling back looked as though he was desperately enduring that weigh.



He desperately kept hold of his consciousness that was forcefully shutting down in order to protect his heart from the mental burden. Right now wasn't the time to faint, it wasn't the time to be absorbed with the repulsive sensation remaining in his hand, that was how he persuaded himself.



「-, guh, I have to go……」



Even though his stamina hadn't been used up, but his body was heavy like lead. Kouki dragged himself and walked toward Moana and the others.



Looking at the condition of Spenser and the others, he could see they were still alive. Even Anneal who had the lowest battle strength was breathing faintly.



Kouki let out a sigh of relieve while also tensing his pale face right away in this situation that didn't permit letting his guard down.



He pulled Spenser and others and also their Arous to lay them down near Moana.



「Dissolve grief, clear away the dark clouds. That thing not stained is the light of all creation. The heaven light of salvation――<Vast Sky>」



Light element intermediate level recovery magic <Vast Sky>――a magic to recover from abnormal state.



Before this after he deployed <Sacred Severance>, Kouki applied this magic with shortened chant toward Moana and others who were ravaged by the miasma. The result was "no effect".



Perhaps, the effect was decreased because he omitted the chanting. Thinking so, Kouki tried to invoke the magic once more but……



「-, it's still not effective……」



<Vast Sky> couldn't clear away the miasma invading their body.



Kouki gritted his teeth while trying out another chanting. Imagining that if Kaori was here then she would be able to display the maximum effect even without any chanting, he became a bit jealous.



「From the pure domain, the holy mother extend the hand of salvation. O those who seek, look to the sky. See the light at the end of the dark clouds. The holy mother didst not abandon thee. Descending with the halo of salvation on her back, inside the embrace of lookout arm, here the holy mother smile. ――<Holy Ceremony>」



Light element highest level recovery magic <Holy Ceremony>――it was a wide area recovery magic for army use. This time Kouki invoked it wing the arrangement of limited area for further increased effect.



Brilliant light became spreading ripple that wholly enveloped Moana and others leaving no spot uncovered.



「Guh……」



「Spenser-san!」



It seemed there was effect this time.



The one who recovered their consciousness first was as expected the one whose foundation ability was in different level. It was the captain of the royal guard Spenser.



「Kou, ki-dono? What in the world……-, what about her majesty!?」



「Please calm down. I cannot really say that Moana-sama is safe, but she is alive. There also no death among the others.」



「I, I see……I'm glad. The enemy?」



Even though he sounded pained, but his voice sounded a bit clear. Kouki told Spenser about Ragal's plan, how he was defeated, and then how the he was unable to purify the miasma, and how his recovery magic was effective to a degree.



「Recovery magic……something like that is……. Nevertheless the scaled dragon species Ragal……you have finished off another considerable big shot again.」



It seemed that Ragal was an enemy whose name was fairly well known. Spenser showed surprise at Kouki's explanation before his expression suddenly relaxed and he conveyed his gratitude through his gaze.



「To be caught inside the enemy's scheme completely……it's pathetic. If Kouki-dono isn't here just what will happen to us then. My deepest thanks.」



「……No. Rather than that, what is the prospect of your recovery? Is there a method to purify the miasma? Like, the miasma stone is it? ……Can we use it if we collect the stone from Ragal and his underlings?」



Kouki's complexion became somewhat bad saying that but there was still no one else other than Spenser who could talk. If nothing was done about the miasma eroding the body, then the problem wouldn't be fundamentally solved. It seemed Kouki's recovery magic was nothing more than a temporary fix.



「No. Miasma stone cannot be used right away after it get collected. It will need to be purified for about three until seven days before it become usable. Since it's come to this, Kouki-dono. Can you take her majesty and return to the capital?」



「……Spenser-san, you are telling me to leave you all behind?」



「Yes. But, please don't misunderstand.」



Seeing Kouki's expression warped, Spenser smiled gently while adding to his words.



「Thanks to Kouki-dono's technique, it feels like my body can hold on for a while even after getting bathed in miasma. If during that time, you can call for help together with her majesty, then there is still hope for us yet.」



「How long you feel that you will be able to endure?」



「For us the royal guards, about a day. I'm worried about Anneal, but that child too isn't her majesty's personal attendant just for show, so I believe she will be able to endure for half a day.」



「Half a day……」



He heard that they would arrive at evening by riding Arous. From the current position of the sun, the distance could be reached if there was four hour.



Even if Kouki was carrying one person on his back, if he ran seriously he could put some serious speed even though it wouldn't be as fast as Arous. He guessed he would be able to arrive by two hours more than if he was riding Arous.



Thinking about the preparation for the rescue too, when they came back here they would use Arous so it felt like he would make it in time.



「Just in case. ……Celestial ladder illuminating the land unceasingly. That is the light of protection and healing――<Full Scope Heaven>」



「Oo, this is……」



Light element intermediate level recovery magic <Full Scope Heaven>――the effect was low dependent on the amount of magic power laced into it, but it was a magic that periodically invoked recovery magic.



Kouki poured magic power into it so much it felt like something was taken away wholly from inside him and he was attacked by a sense of fatigue, but in exchange for that the effect should continue for a few hours.



「This is the magic that I used just now. It will automatically heal in interval but……does it feel like it can extend the time for all of you to hold out longer?」



「Yes. I had faint consciousness after I got bathed in miasma just now, at that time I felt the blessing power inside my body strangely revitalized. Thanks to that, I got away with only this much even after getting showered with miasma that thick……I see, so it was Kouki's technique. ……This warm light. It's like it's Kouki-dono himself.」



「……」



Kouki couldn't find any words to respond to Spenser's words and he kept his mouth shut. He coughed to divert his mind and asked once more how long Spenser felt they would be able to endure. His answer was that it felt like they would be able to hold out half a day longer.



「If possible, I want to move all of you away from this place where we were attacked……」



「That is like putting the cart before the horse, a waste of time. Among the <Black Being>, their rivalry with the different race is fierce. Therefore, you can consider that Ragal won't tell about the surprise attack to other race other than Niebla who he used as sacrificial pawn.」



「……Understood. I will call for help as fast as possible.」



「Yes. I'll leave her majesty in your hand.」



Kouki invoked <Sacred Severance> one more time to make it last for several hours, and then he stood up with Moana on his back.



And then, he dashed right away to the direction that Spenser told him.



He reinforced his body and ran on the desert as though he was gliding while putting recovery magic on Moana.



After about a hour of running, when Kouki thought to stop soon to hydrate himself, it was at that time,



「Uuh……Kou, ki」



「Moana-sama! You are awake.」



The voice of Moana on his back reached his ear. Kouki stopped running and laid down Moana while one of hi hand was supporting her. He took out a water bag from his luggage and put it on Moana's mouth.



Moana obediently drank the water. Her throat was gulping down the water.



「Nh, thank you, Kouki.」



「No. Rather than that how do you feel? I wish to tell you about our situation.」



「No, that's unnecessary. My condition can also hold out until we reach the capital thanks to Kouki's technique.」



Kouki's eyes widened from hearing Moana's words. He thought she was completely unconscious, but it seemed that wasn't the case.



「Forgive me, but I'm worried about Spenser and others. Can I have you hurry on ahead?」



「Yes, I understand.」



Kouki carried Moana on his back once more and started running. Moana leaned her head on Kouki's shoulder limply while also adjusting her position so she could at least talk, she then revealed that actually she had been conscious all this time even if only faintly.



「Nevertheless, you aren't affected by the miasma. This is a blessing in disguise.」



「I guess. It seems in this world blessing power = life force, so perhaps that is the reason? I felt a bit weary when the miasma showered me, but I don't have blessing power so that might be why it doesn't really affect me, I think.」



「Yes, perhaps that's so.」



For Kouki, or perhaps more accurately for existence from another world that didn't rely on blessing power, perhaps the miasma of this world could be said as something like highly concentrated exhaust fumes. The miasma didn't have immediate effect to shave down his life, but it shared the point where it disturb his health and gave bad effect to his body. Perhaps he would be in danger if he was bathed in it for a long time.



After having that talk, Moana suddenly stirred her body. Her arms that were circled around Kouki's neck tightened a bit and she strengthened her hug at him.



Wondering what was it about, Kouki was about to look back across his shoulder, but before he could, Moana opened her mouth. Her manly way of talking broke down and she spoke with what must be her original way of talking.



「……Sorry, Kouki.」



「?」



Was she apologizing about getting carried on his back like this? Kouki tilted his head in puzzlement and then Moana said out words that made Kouki couldn't help but felt shaken in respond.



「……That was your first time right?」



「-」



He didn't ask what did she meant. It was something he completely understood. Moana had been conscious all this time.



Then, in that case, naturally that meant she saw it.



Kouki's discord. Kouki's disgraceful behavior.



Unconsciously his breath turned ragged and his legs almost got tangled.



「I'm sorry. Surely we have made you carry a heavy burden.」



「Such, thing……」



The words of denial that was spoken with hoarse voice melted into air and didn't resound further. It even felt like his body became lead and his gliding footsteps became disarrayed and slow.



Even though he had hesitated when fighting her sworn enemy, Moana's voice didn't sound blaming in the least, far from that, her voice sounded apologetic and sympathizing to him.



「I heard it. ――『why won't you choose the path of living』 You said.」



「……Sorry. Saying that to an enemy that Moana and others had fought all this time with your life in the line……. When it came to it, I still didn't understand. About the relationship between Moana's people and them. About their fundamental sense of value. That's why, I easily said such thing――」



「Kouki. I'm not blaming you. You came to this world only just now, you only heard our story and got told to kill enemy that you don't know anything about. Anyone would hesitate from that.」



Moana's put her hand clumsily on Kouki's head. And then, he softly brushed his head, as though to say that it's fine. And then,



「Kouki, is really kind huh.」



She said that. She said that toward Kouki, a person who was desperately searching for a path so that her hated enemy could survive. There was no ill will in her voice, instead there was kindness.



That was why,



「You're wrong-!!」



Kouki couldn't endure it. Such misunderstanding.



Because Kouki stopped running and his knees bent, Moana slipped down from his back and her waist lowered to sit on the ground in girl sitting posture.



Moana didn't say any protest, she stared at Kouki fixedly. While feeling that gaze, Kouki yelled with a force as though he was going to vomit blood.



「Stop it! I'm not kind or anything! I'm not some kind guy or anything-」



Usually he could control his heart and he wouldn't spit it out. But, the shock from killing a being with will for the first time was really big, and then the unforeseen kindness toward his greatly shaken heart was more than enough to break the dam of his heart.



「Even I'm being a hero is a mistake-. I'm not a hero at all! I have only ever made mistake-, I cannot see anything-, I keep hesitating――」



Kouki crumbled and meaninglessly grasped on sand tightly. *grit grit grit* The slight sound from sand rubbing each other sounded like the creaking sound of Kouki's heart.



「When it was at the most important time, when I was needed the most, what I did to my comrade-. Even though she was always near me-, I didn't even notice until she was that broken-. My best friend-, my childhood friends-, even though they should be important to me-, I pointed my sword at them-」



For Moana who didn't know about Kouki's past, she must be wondering what he was talking about. The discharged words only sounded incoherent to her, she wasn't clear about their meaning.



But, there was also something she understood.



That Kouki, had made some kind of big mistake.



That he regretted it very much.



That he was blaming himself all this time.



And then,



「……Kouki. Why are you that scared? What is it that made you so scared?」



That Kouki was terribly terrified toward something.



Kouki lifted his face. His teeth were clenched, and a deep wrinkle was carved on his forehead. His eyes shook.



「……I, what I'm scared at is……………………………I myself.」



He feared himself who approved of killing. Because he didn't understand whether his killing intent was right or not.



He feared that he was fighting. Because he had no resolve of getting killed.



He feared making mistake. Because he knew of reality that couldn't be undone.



He feared making choice.



The reason was,



「I, cannot trust myself…………more than anyone in this world, more than any kind of existence.」



The fundamental problem that Kouki held.



Yes, it was a "lack of self-confidence" to an extreme degree.



The problem that preceded even the question of making the resolve to kill and getting killed. The lack of the most important thing for the sake of making choice.



Even though he doubted, distrusted himself more than anyone, how would he be able to decide his "resolve" and "choice" that would only come from self-confidence.



How would he be able to accept the praise that he was a hero?



How would he be able to affirm that said he was "kind"?



「Even so Kouki, you made your choice. We were saved by you.」



Moana said her words toward Kouki who looked as though he was being shackled hand and foot.



「……Because I promised everyone who put their life in the line to save me. I will fight against myself. That's why, only the failure of being unable to choose anything, that's the only thing that I must not do anymore. That's all, there is to it.」



He didn't make the choice because he stepped forward courageously, or because he made his resolve, or because he was kind, such thing was even less true. He was only getting pressed by the time limit and then made his choice frantically because of that.



Kouki said that with an expression that was half-crying half-laughing for a beat of time. Before Moana could say anything, he slapped both his cheeks hard and stood up forcefully from feeling shame toward his messed up self.



And then, he presented his hand to Moana.



「Sorry. This isn't the time for something like this. Let's move ahead quickly.」



「……You're right. No, you're correct.」



Moana's way of talking returned back to before. Kouki put her on his back once more and began to run on the desert wordlessly.



Moana also didn't say anything. Just, her gaze was poured intensely on Kouki's face from the side. Inside her eyes was mysteriously filled to the brim with clearness and tremor as though she was looking from inside water through water surface.



And, a while after Kouki started running, his <Presence Detection> reacted once more. Kouki and Moana got nervous 「Uwah, enemy!?」, but they felt dubious that the multiple presences that were coming with considerable speed were coming from the direction of the kingdom capital.



Kouki decided to look at the situation for the time being and he rushed to the top of a hill, there he caught the figures of a human group riding Arous dashing toward their way in the distant view.



「Thank god……. It looks like they aren't <Dark Being>.」



「Yes. Far from that, we should welcome them instead. It seems the warrior chief who remained behind caught a whiff of the danger that befell us.」



According to Moana, it seemed the group of around a hundred people advancing their way with sand cloud rolled up behind them was a force of Synclea kingdom's knight order. Seeing how they were really in a hurry, most likely they noticed the attack plan toward the queen using some kind of method and so they traveled in a rush like that.



Moana sighed in relieve with tension leaving her shoulders. She then waved her hand in a big way, causing the soldier group to notice the two of them. The group shifted their path slightly and headed their way.



Kouki also slid down the hill in order to link up with the soldier group.



And then, when both groups finally approached each other until a distance where both sides could confirm each other's face by sight,



「ONEEEEEEEEEEEE-CHAAAAAAAAAAANN!!」



Such young voice reverberated. Looking carefully, on the Arous running at the lead of the group, the two could see a young girl climbing up the shoulders of the rider of that Arous while waving her hand around.



Her age was perhaps around seven, eight years old? Her chocolate colored skin was wrapped in pure white clothing, her blond hair that reflected the sunlight glitteringly was tied in twin tail.



The shocked expression of the rider that got climbed really left an impression. The soldiers around the leading rider also looked like their eyes were flying out from their socket. From how they looked like, it could be seen that they were shocked that the young girl was climbing up like that, or rather that the young girl was actually here. It felt like the soldiers' voice of the heart 「Why is she here!?」 could be heard.



……It seemed, the young girl wasn't carried to the battlefield by their own will.



And then, as though to represent the heart of those soldiers,



「Wwhaa-!? My, my cute "Koone-tan", how could she be hereeeeee-!?」



A voice that sounded like a shriek resounded from Kouki's back.



……It seemed this queen-sama, was a person who called her little sister by adding "-tan".



During the time until the two joined up with the soldier group, in the middle of the desert,



――UoNeEEEE-CHYAaAAAAN-



Such yell and,



――KOoOOOONE-TAaAAAAAAN-



And such yell resounded repeatedly.



AN: Thank you very much for reading this every time.



Thank you very much too for the thoughts, opinions, and reports about misspelling and omitted words.



I'll post chapters in succession until the point where depressing Kouki become determined Kouki!



Was how eager I was, yet I was unable to do that.



Reason: I bought complete works of Lovecraft->against my better judgment I read fkeia-, ia-, Cthulhu, fhta――



Sorry



Setting that aside, at May 25 (at the earliest it will be around 22) the sixth volume will be in the bookstore shelves.



I'll put the detail in my activity report, so if it is good please check there.



Also, it seems the comic version is updated.



Finally it's the endgame of abyss arc huh. I was heated up w



Please take a look at that too by all means (Comic Gardo)





Chapter 267




AN: I'm sorry, this chapter is short, and on top of that the story doesn't progress.



Recently, my head is not working……



「Bieeeeeeeeeeeh」



Such grand crying voice of a girl was echoing. It was a splendid sobbing, to the degree it made one wondered whether the dryness of the desert might be moistened because of it. The glamorous blonde hair twin tail of the girl was wilting limply as though to express the girl's emotion.



「Your highness! It's no good even if you are crying! In this dangerous time you are sneaking into a luggage of all things, just what are you thinking! This is not a problem that can be seen as merely a prank!」



The one who was saying that to scold her highness――Moana's little sister whose name was princess Koone de Shelt Synclea, was the leader of Synclea Kingdom's soldier force――Donar Sord.



He had a really serious and strict look with short grey hair on his head. His age was around the early half of his forty. In front of his tall body that was nearly two meter and large frame that was like a bear, Koone whose height might be around 130 centimeter was like a mere speck.



The countless scars that could be seen on Donar's face and arms were making the dominating aura and pressure enveloping him to become even more fiendish, so objectively looking at him addressing Koone who was sobbing in front of him, it only looked like a man-eating bear was going to prey at a pitiful girl.



But, perhaps it should be said as expected from a princess. Even while shedding tears like a waterfall, Koone spoke her own excuse at the man-eating bear――or rather, at the soldier chief Donar.



「Because-, because Onee-chan is-」



「That is no excuse! Every time, every time, I don't know how you slip through our watch, but I wish your highness will think about the time and situation! In the first place your highness is――」



「Bieeeeeeeeeeeeh. I'm sorryyyyyyy-」



「Nuuh, please don't interrupt my remonstration! Every single time your highness is always deceiving people by crying like that! Your highness is not really reflecting on yourself!」



「Uwaaaaaaaaaahn, I'm reflectinggggg-」



「Good grief! Please promise me that your highness won't do anything like this anymore!」



「Ueeeeeeeeeeeeehn. I'll consider it after careful ponderingggggg-」



「Your highness!? What's with that doubtful reply!?」



Soldier chief Donar was heating up even more. The crying voice was also powering up even further.



At the surrounding there were the soldiers encircling them with hardened defense. Every single one of them were vigilantly watching the surrounding with a stern gaze, but sometimes they were sending glances at the exchange between their chief and the young princess as though wanting to say 「This again」 or 「Our vigilance is dampened here……」.



「Do, Donar? Isn't it fine already with that much? Look, Koone-tan is also feeling really sorry already. Okay?」



Flustered. The one who was calling out in such state at soldier chief Donar who was continuing his preaching was Moana who somehow recovered by using new miasma stone that the soldier group was carrying.



Moana was acting timid without any dignity as queen that could be felt from her. Soldier chief Donar's eye glint flew toward such Moana with a really piercing force.



Moana unconsciously screamed 「Hii!?」 and trembled.



「Your majesty-. What do you mean by "okay?" just now! Is your highness really aware of the graveness of this matter!? In the first place, it's because your majesty is always pampering her highness no matter how much time passes that this kind of situation even occur!」



「I, I'm not really pampering or anything……」



「In that case, please at least stop calling her highness with "Koone-tan"! Just how many times do I need to ask that until your majesty can understand!」



「Uu……bu, but still. Donar. Koone-ta――Koone coming along without anyone knowing about it is also the blunder of all of you……」



Moana faced away and rebutted with pouted lips. Her way of talking was queenly, but it sounded sulky. Pulsing vein emerged on Donar's forehead in respond to that.



「……Indeed. No matter what kind of circumstance there was, it was my blunder to fail to notice her majesty's action. I will humbly accept any punishment no matter what it is.」



「Eh? Ah, no, something like punishment is too exaggerating――」



「Even so-! That is that, this is this! This matter is concerning the safety of her highness's safety! It's a common knowledge that her highness is a mischievous tomboy! She secretly turned my lunch to be extremely spicy, she whispered many untrue things to my wife, because of that my wife won't listen to me anymore, she willfully put cute decoration on my sword, if this is only something like those then I can just laugh it off! But, for her to secretly come along into a battlefield! This lack of sense of danger cannot be overlooked! Only my words are not enough, how about your majesty also reprimand her highness as her elder sister!」



「Ah, yes. I'm sorry……」



Before anyone knew it, the queen-sama sat on seiza posture beside the sobbing Koone while getting preached on.



What's this chaos……? Kouki did nothing except staring at the sight before his eyes dumbfounded.



「It's always like this, so don't let it bother you. The chief is an existence that is like a father already for both her majesty and her highness.」



「Eh?」



A calm voice addressed the astonished Kouki. When Kouki turned his gaze at the voice's direction, he saw there a soldier with swept back hair of burnt brown color looking to be in his early thirty.



「I am the vice chief of the soldier force, Othar. Kouki-dono, that is your name correct?」



Among the many muscular soldiers, Othar who was relatively small statured was actually the number 2. Kouki was feeling a bit surprised of that while he nodded at Othar's question.



Othar who was emitting "gentle" atmosphere peacefully from his whole body was smiling with even more calmness and peacefulness after receiving Kouki's confirmation.



「The chief along with Spenser-sama has been watching over the two of them as though they were his own children since they were small. The king and queen of the previous generation……the father and mother of Moana-sama and Koone-sama has passed on to the great nature five years ago, which caused the chief to be even more so like that. He is also the sword instructor for Moana-sama, so the chief isn't really holding back when treating the two of them.」



According to Othar, the parents of Moana and Koone seemed to die at the large scale battle against the <Dark Being> that happened five years ago.



At that time, the one who led the <Dark Being> was the current <Dark King>, so their strength was tremendous, all the royal family with the exception of Koone had to fight. It was the best they could do to make the enemy retreated even after they all staked their life.



Although Moana, Spenser, and Donar were seriously wounded, but they barely survived. And since then, in order to support Moana and Koone, Spenser and Donar got close to the two royalty as substitute parent. From the start the two men also received deep trust from the previous generation king, and they were also close to the two princesses as bodyguard and instructor. For Moana and Koone, the two men were just like family.



「……So that's how it is. In that case, it cannot be helped even if Moana-sama is pampering her little sister.」



Her only remaining relative. It was only natural that Moana was pampering her little sister Koone then, Kouki thought with understanding look. Her attaching "-tan" too, yep, surely that also couldn't be helped, Kouki thought.



And then, it seemed Koone whose family passed on in the period of time when it was unclear whether she had awareness to her surrounding or not seemed to like acting mischievously, she also came along to the battlefield because she was worried for her big sister. Surely it was only natural for her to be like that if one saw it as her being lonely and feeling scared of losing her big sister.



「No, Moana-sama's "idiot big sister" act was already like that since Koone-sama was born.」



「Eh?」



「Koone-sama's tomboyish manner too, she was like that since before the previous generation king passed on to the nature.」



「Eh?」



「Whether it's in the palace or in the capital, since the two of them were little they were talked with numerous title and nickname like, 『Siscon princess』 『Elusive phantom princess』 『Dual personality queen』『The always grinningly crawling princess Koone-tan』 『Stop it, Haumu will snap you know queen』 『I beg you, please don't be a nuisance to our work, princess』 『Or rather, please stop the princess, queen』 『Stop it, please stop decorating my weapon Koone-sama』 『GYAAAAAAHH, QUEEN!?』, and so on.」



「No, those aren't title or nickname, those were just complaints aren't they!? Or rather, the last one is just a scream isn't it!?」



If it was said with indirect expression, then it seemed the royalty sisters were really close and intimate to their vassal and people. Absolutely no one was saying that they were problem children.



Othar gently smiled at Kouki's tsukkomi. It also somehow felt like Othar was saying 「There is nothing else to do but laughing right?」. This gentleness of Othar that was like Buddha might be something polished for the sake of the queen & princess duo.



「Now then, I think it will be the time soon for the relief squad to link up with Spenser-sama and others.」



Othar looked up to the sky and confirmed the passage of time from the inclination of the sun. After the soldier group joined up with Moana and Kouki, a part of the soldier group headed toward the rescue of Spenser and others without stopping.



If they were taking it slow too much and Spenser and others caught up to them, Spenser would shout at them 「What are you all doing so sluggishly! Bring her majesty to the capital right away!」, Othar explained with a wry smile.



Seeing from Moana's state, it seemed that the effect of the miasma on her had mostly gone already, she looked like she had recovered enough, so under the protection of the soldier group, they should return to the safety zone that was the capital quickly even if it was just Moana.



'And so because of that', with an atmosphere that seemed to be saying that, Othar was,



「Kouki-done, if it's not a bother for you, can I ask you to please call out to the chief?」



Asking Kouki to deal with it, while she was smiling peacefully.



Kouki realized. This person, from the start he was approaching him in order to entrust the mediation of this chaos situation to him. He was a person with calm personality, but he was also a type of person that would really forcefully push a matter to other if it was a matter that could be pushed away to other.



When Kouki glanced at the direction of Moana and co, the preaching was still continuing. Perhaps lured by the crying of Koone, even Moana was getting teary eyed. It seemed she was really enduring the preaching of the soldier chief who was like father to her.



Kouki sighed deeply while replying 「I'm going」, and then he timidly called out to the chief.



「Excuse me, it looks like Moana-sama has recovered already, how about we depart soon?」



「Hmm?」



A sharp glint flew toward Kouki. Kouki reflexively twitched. For some reason he was reminded of Shuuzou (Shizuku's grandfather) at the time when he was training at Yaegashi dojo.



'By any chance, a preaching would also come at him……?' Kouki prepared himself for such possibility.



「Ooh, isn't this hero-dono. How rude of me to not even greet you satisfactorily. Once again, I am the soldier chief Donar Sord. A thousand thanks for your help toward Moana-sama and my comrades in arms.」



Donar's right fist hit *don-* on his chest and directed a gaze of gratitude without any falsehood in it toward Kouki. Perhaps he was originally a gentle person if he wasn't getting heated up to the royalty sisters.



「I am Amanogawa Kouki. Please call me Kouki. If it's word of thanks then I have received enough, so please enough with that. Rather than that, how about we depart soon? Although she has recovered, but it's better if Moana-sama can quickly take a rest, and surely it's also better for the little sister to quickly return to the capital too.」



「Indeed. I had showed you something unsightly. It's my bad habit of getting too passionate when her majesty and her highness are concerned.」



Donar scratched his head awkwardly while saying that. His brief glance toward Moana and Koone was filled with deep affection. Certainly, rather than something that a vassal directed to his lord, that gaze was something like what a father would direct toward his daughter.



「Onee-chan, is that person the hero-sama? Amazing! To come stopping Donar in the middle of his preaching while meeting him for the first time, he is really a hero! Koone really think that he is a hero!」



The tears pulled back instantly and Koone-tan said her definition of hero with a wide smile. It seemed she was saying that a hero was a person who was able to stop the soldier chief's preaching. Or rather than that, what happened with the loud bawling just now……



At her side, Moana was saying 「As expected from Koone-tan. What your eyes are focusing at is different from other people. Onee-chan is really in admiration!」, praising with a tension like an idiot parent who swinging from joy to nervousness from watching the announcement of their child's result in a tournament.



Donar let loose a sharp glint, but perhaps judging that the preaching was over, Koone approached Kouki with light footsteps *tototon* while her twin tail was shaking due to the wind blowing from somewhere.



And then, she looked up with a fixed stare at Kouki with eyes that were jade colored just like her big sister and――smiled widely.



「Nice to meet you! I'm something like a princess, Koone de Shelt Synclavia! Thank you very much for saving Onee-chan and others!」



Saying that, Koone tapped her right hand on her right chest.



It seemed that it was a gesture like bowing one's head or a salute.



Kouki was thinking that he had to ask about that gesture and other things related to that later on while for the time being her,



「What do you mean something like a princess!?」



Was both sisters were feeling some kind of reluctance in being a royalty? Kouki was thinking of such thing while spontaneously making a tsukkomi.



Midway, Kouki and others managed to link up with Spenser and others who were catching up with a momentum that was leaving behind the rescue squad while screaming 「YOUR MAJESTYYYYY-」.



The angry yell 「Why is her highness is here!?」 from Spenser and the crying voice 「Bieeeeeenn, my Onee-chan love was overflowing desuuuuuu!」 from Koone, the lukewarm gaze of Kouki toward the queen who couldn't maintain her dignified way of talking in front of her little sister, the queen whose gaze was wandering around from receiving that gaze, and the wordless pleading 「Don't shave off our tension here~」 from the soldiers, all those were entangled complicatedly and they all kept traveling in the middle of such chaos for a few hours.



Finally that came into view.



A chalk white palace was towering high right in the middle of a large oasis. Several spires were lining up symmetrically to left and right, and at the middle was a building in the shape of a quadrangular pyramid with a conspicuously large size.



Bridges made of stone were stretching to four directions from the chalk white palace that was glittering from the reflection of sunlight, and countless buildings with similar chalk white color were lining up at the outer part of the oasis.



And then, further at the outer edge of the city at that outer part was surrounded by a river around ten meter wide in donut shape. The river wasn't flowing anywhere, it was like a cycle of a flowing pool.



It seemed inside the city there was also canals that looked like stitches across the city, regardless of the city's location that was in the middle of desert, several small ships could be seen coming and going there.



――A city of water in the middle of desert.



That was the front line metropolis――Synclea's kingdom's royal capital.



「Amazing……it's beautiful……」



Words of praise were unconsciously leaked out from the mouth of Kouki who was staring at the capital from above a slightly elevated sand hill. From the story of a front line capital that lost the nature, Kouki held the image that the capital would be like a fortress with a rugged and devastated air.



「Fufu, isn't that right? ――Cough, don't you think so?」



「Err, Moana-sama. I don't mind even if you talk normally you know?」



「I don't really understand what is Kouki talking about.」



Moana slowly averted her sight away from Kouki's kind gaze. It seemed saying that 'I'm completely accustomed with manly way of talking~' was actually an overly optimistic evaluation toward her own readiness.



Moana was resuming walking in order to enter the capital while starting to talk a bit faster to varnish over the matter.



「Kouki. About that oasis you see, it's not just beautiful, actually it also has a barrier to not let the <Dark Being> get near.」



「Barrier, is it?」



Moana made a smug face once more as though to say 'How's that, amazing right?'.



「Yes. Actually, Kouki. The royalty of Synclea kingdom has a special power. Different from the normal blessing power that can be used by anyone as long as they have the correct prayer or vow, there is a blessing art that can only be used by those with the bloodline of the royalty――the heaven's blessing art. There is one heaven's blessing art per person of the royal family. Each one is a characteristically special and powerful art.」



「Yes yes yes-! Koone is able to use nyoki nyoki art!」 (TN: Nyoki nyoki seem to mean 'shooting up one after another' in Japan……?)



Koone was making a smug face that was exactly like her big sister while twisting and wriggling her body around. The heaven's blessing art that was upwardly compatible from the normal blessing art――a nyoki nyoki art. In the end, that was……



「Koone-tan! That's so cute, Koone-tan! The formal name is pretty much <Regeneration> but, from now on let's change it to <Nyoki Nyoki Art>――」



「Your majesty?」



「Nothing at all――cough-, it's nothing.」



According to Moana who returned to her senses after getting hit by Donar's sharp eye glint, Koone's heaven's blessing art <Regeneration> seemed to be an art that could make a place that had lost blessing power to be filled with blessing power once more. The target that was hit by this <divine protection> would have their latent power invigorated temporarily and got strengthened.



「The heaven's blessing art of an honorable ancestor of the long past is dwelling inside the oasis if Synclea kingdom in exchange of his life.」



「Is it something like, the <Dark Being> is unable to touch this water?」



「Yes. More accurately, they are unable to touch, but when they touch, even the miasma inside their body will be absorbed and dispersed. This place is right in the middle of a desert without any blessing power. Those bunches won't be able to fight if even the miasma they are retaining is stolen. Therefore, this oasis is the greatest barrier.」



Kouki harbored awe toward the royalty of that time who discarded his life in order to leave behind an art that possessed such tremendous effect for the later generation. Just how much resolve and wish that person filled into this he wondered.



Kouki was shivering slightly when he suddenly noticed something and asked.



「You said something about in exchange of life, the heaven's blessing art's effect will increase by doing that?」



「……Correct. Different from a blessing art, using heaven's blessing art is difficult. The user will be assailed by intense exhaustion after using it once. Their life will be lost if they overuse it. In everything, there is nothing that can be done "freely" you know.」



Moana said that jokingly, but Kouki could do nothing except returning a vague smile.



He caught sight of Koone who was staring fixedly at her big sister from below Moana. Both sisters possessed beautiful jade eyes and chocolate colored skin. Despite so, only the color of their hair was different. Moana's hair was pure white. Rather than saying that her hair was white colored from the beginning, it was like the hair originally had color that currently had faded away……



There was no one with white hair color even amidst the soldiers around them. It was obvious that hair color wasn't a characteristic of this country's people.



Different from Koone, he was told that Moana participated in the battle five years ago. It was a fierce battle where all members of royalty were lost with the exception of these sisters. It wasn't difficult to imagine how Moana must have risked her life.



Five years ago she should be in the middle of her teens. She lost her family at such young age, she herself fought by straining her life, and protected her country and little sister through――



An indescribable feeling grew violent inside Kouki.



「Hero-sama.」



The young voice calling at him surprised Kouki. His looking down face was naturally heading toward the direction of the voice's owner.



Koone who was staring fixedly at Kouki without him noticing was making a bright smile.



「Onee-chan is amazing right? Koone think she is amazing!」



It was a praise without even a shred of shadow in it. And then, it was respect and love toward her big sister. Koone puffed up her chest as though and showed a really smug face as though it was something about herself. Kouki smiled to such Koone.



「Yes, Moana-sama is amazing.」



「That's right, that's right. In addition she is a beauty right? Koone think she is a beauty!」



「E, err, yes. That's, I think she is a really beautiful person you know?」



Beside Koone who was puffing up her chest while going 'That's right, that's right', Moana was blushing. Rather than because Kouki was praising her, she was blushing because the litter sister who was praising her was irresistibly cute! Like that. Her breathing was getting rougher and her gaze was focused still on Koone.



「Hero-sama!」



「Err, Koone-sama? Don't call me hero, I hope you can call me Kouki……」



「I'm sorry. I cannot call hero-sama as brother-in-law-sama!」



「No one is saying anything about that though!?」



「If you want Koone to recognize you, then I have to ask you to show me your sincerity, desu, hero-sama!」



「That's why, please stop talking with the premise that I am aiming at Moana-sama!」



「If you toy with Onee-chan, I intend to splash extremely spicy spice at your "pii-"! Koone has no mercy to Onee-sama's enemy!」



「A girl must not say "pii-"! Or rather, what terrifying thing you are saying there!」



Kouki's tsukkomi was in the peak condition. While he was at it, the eyes of Moana and the surrounding soldiers were opened wide. Donar and Spenser were looking around with angry gaze that said 「Who is the one who taught word like "pii-" at her highness huh!?」.



Koone-tan――in public she was a princess who was given the recognition of 『the chaos bringer』『chaos in three seconds after appearance』『when found don't get involved and contact the soldier force right away!』 as the common sense.



Even though the capital was already right before their sight, inside the atmosphere that was turned into chaos, Koone-tan who was directing an unshakable (?) gaze toward Kouki was,



「Flaky hero-sama. I won't forgive you if Onee-chan is hurt. Koone absolutely won't forgive you if that happen!」



She declared such thing with a bit of expectation and a large anxiety residing inside those eyes that were scattering smile everywhere.



AN: Thank you very much for reading this every time.



Thank you very much too for the thoughts, opinions, and reports about misspelling and omitted words.



To everyone who reported 'I bought Arifureta vol 6 you know~', thank you very much.



My greatest gratitude to all of you who took the book into your hand.



By the way, that person who came out at the start of Kouki arc is the same person with the character who is the storyteller at the extra story w



Do you know if you answer the questionnaire at the new book information at Overlap-sama's homepage then you will be able to go the page of「afterword's afterword」?



Each time, I put things like inside story of Arifureta and the like there, but this time……



A writing that will make one want to tsukkomi「You are alive!?」 is posted.



If you like, please try to have a look for killing time.





Chapter 268




「Fuu……」



Kouki naturally leaked out a deep sigh like that. Kouki was sitting down on the bed of a guest room inside the palace that was given to him while making a wry smile toward himself who was like that.



When he looked over the room, the quality of every furniture that was put in minimum there wasn't bad. At the very least, the bed he was sitting on was soft. However, it had so little decoration that it could be said to be simple, it looked inferior when compared to the guest room in Hairihi kingdom no matter how Kouki looked at it.



It showed the current pressing situation of the country, so Kouki fell backward and lied down with his expression staying complicated.



He instinctively leaked out a sigh 「Fuu……」 once more from his mouth. It seemed he was far more fatigued than he thought.



He hadn't reached the limit of his stamina at all, but the core of his body and the inside of his head felt clingingly heavy. To speak in the meaning of mental fatigue, his current condition was truly in a state of total exhaustion.



Kouki lifted one of his hands to block the sunlight shining in from the window. When he was staring at his hand in a daze, the sensation of "that time" was revived vividly.



(tsu, ……I, killed, huh.)



The sensation of cutting apart flesh. Blank gaze. Spurting out blood……



「Uuh」



He unconsciously felt desire to vomit and he crouched on the bed.



(It should be, the correct choice. ……It was a race against time. ……In order to save Moana-sama and others. ……That's why, it's not a mistake, that's how it should be……)



To persuade himself, to convince himself, he repeatedly, frantically muttered that the option he picked "should be the correct one" over and over.



──Even though I don't understand what is correct?



──Despite I, not trusting myself more than anyone?



Each time Kouki yelled inside his heart that he should be correct, the cold voice of himself was echoing. That voice sounded as though it was the voice of his other self that he confronted once at the 【Cavern of Ice and Snow】, the figure of himself smiling coldly suddenly crossed over at the back of his mind. Clad in black holy armor, white hair with black streaks coloring it, and then dark red eyes like monster……



「tsu」



Kouki sat up in a flash and he shook his head. It was his bad habit since the legendary decisive battle. When he noticed his thought was falling into an endless spiral. What's more it was bad thought he was falling into.



In order to renew his feeling for the moment, Kouki recalled the events after he reached the palace.



「It was dreary but, the audience hall was really beautiful huh.」



The audience hall where Kouki was made to pass through in order to formally introduce him to the palace people was so impressive and beautiful to the degree he unconsciously leaked out such monologue.



It was a chalk white space without a single smudge. There were several pillars with beautiful and detailed engraving that would make anyone sigh in admiration. It seemed the hall was structured to make use of sunlight using mirror reflection to shine even the inner part, and because of that ventilation of light that wasn't unlike air ventilation, crisscrossing pillars of light were showering inside the audience hall regardless of the place being deep indoor.



And then, Moana when she was sitting on a chair that was made from the same chalk white stone like the building was also positioned under the crisscrossing light pillars, making a beautiful sight that would cause anyone to hold their breath.



Due to everything in the surrounding was white, her chocolate colored skin was really standing out. Her pure white full dress that was beautiful while being simple was also fitting her perfectly that it made him comprehending 「I see, she is really a queen」. On top of that, the white hair which was possessed only by her alone also really gave out the impression of mysticism.



At her surrounding, aides, soldier force, royal guards, and so on were standing by in rows. Because Kouki only saw Moana in her traveling clothes all this time coupled with her warrior attitude, when he was led inside the audience hall as the last one among that line up, he spontaneously stopped walking when he saw her dressing up like that.



He immediately came back to his senses and walked until his designated position, but looking from how Moana's expression became slightly bashful, she must have noticed how Kouki became fascinated.



Feeling really embarrassed that the inside of his heart was seen through by an older girl, Kouki shook his head while moving the focus of his recollection toward another point.



「Nevertheless……as expected, everyone is having expectation huh. ──toward the hero.」



A gloomy feeling welled up inside him. The people inside the audience hall, regardless whether they were military or civil official, everyone were holding expectation toward the existence of "hero".



That could be said to be natural.



In the large scale battle five years ago, Synclea kingdom lost all members of the royal family with the exception of Moana and Koone. Not only that, they naturally also lost a lot of soldiers.



The power of <Heaven's Blessing Art> the royal family possessed was tremendous. It could be said as the trump card of Synclea kingdom. They used that trump card, paid a great sacrifice, and with that the best they could do wasn't extermination but repelling back the enemy.



That was how powerful the <Dark King> of this generation was. Currently he seemed to be unable to move properly in order to heal the wound he received, but even then there wasn't any sign of the <Dark King> getting replaced, and on top of that even while being currently wounded, the Dark King had the strength that allowed him to keep reigning above the <Dark Being> still.



He was truly a monster. Most likely he was being at his most powerful ever. And then, nine out of ten cases, he the <Dark King> would surely come attacking once more with even more strength. Then, for the current Synclea kingdom that had lost many of their royal family, at that time of the rematch, would they be able to defeat that guy……



The prospect wasn't bright.



At such time, the existence of a hero of another world appeared together with the oracle of Faltina.



If those people were told from Moana's mouth that the hero used technique of another world, that the miasma didn't affect him, and then he defeated <Dark Beings> who were quiet famous unaided and saved Moana and her people, it was impossible to tell them to not expect much from Kouki.



But, even though he understood that……



「……It's heavy.」



To the degree it felt like he was going to get crushed.



Once, when he was summoned to Tortus, he thought he could anything. He thought there was nothing he couldn't do. He didn't even notice the "weight" of the words save the world, rather his heart was feeling exaltation the more people were holding expectation toward him.



Right now……those expectations were simply, simply, nothing but terrifying.



The possibility of him betraying those expectations. The possibility of failure. And also, the possibility of him making mistake.



Aaa, he wanted to run away. But, he had promised, to fight himself, and to fight his heart that wanted to avert his eyes and ran away. Because at that time, he had made a promise, with the girl who was his childhood friend, and with his best friend who came risking his life and punched him.



There was no way, he could run away…….



Aa, agonizing.



「BAA────NN!! Looking like a princess, but actually might not be a princess-!? iiit's Kooneee!!」



「Hiih, what's going on-!?」



Serious-san was blown away along with the room's door.



Kouki who was immersed in his thought got caught by surprise and he reflexively jumped on his bed. Incidentally he was also screaming pathetically like he never before.



Koone didn't even pay attention to such Kouki and stepped on the collapsed door while entering the room. She then pointed sharply at Kouki. She even winked *pachin-* while she was at it.



「Hero-sama! Koone thought that perhaps you are feeling fretful, so Koone come here for you!」



「Eh, fretful? Rather, the door……」



Kouki was wondering how did the door get blown away and his gaze glanced alternately at Koone and the door she was stepping on.



However, as expected Koone didn't pay it any attention.



「Koone will give you a tour of the capital! Now, let's go!」



「Do, don't pull at me. Or rather, Koone-sama. Have you asked permission? If you go outside as you pleased, you will get scolded by Spenser-san or Donar-san again you know?」



「Koone think, that going out mean going out of the capital! In other words, inside the capital is the same like in the palace! Koone isn't going out!」



「Tha, that's too much of a broad interpretation isn't it……」



Koone theory was surging out. Koone's hand beckoned at the wryly smiling Kouki as though to say 「It's fine so shut up already and follow Koone!」. She was really masculine.



Normally he would want to accompany her. However, currently he wasn't feeling good at all.



Kouki didn't know how much the people of the capital were aware about Kouki and the matter of hero, but he entered the palace by going through the main street together with the soldier force and Moana. Naturally, a lot of people witnessed Kouki riding the same Arous with Moana and Koone.



If he went outside to the capital, perhaps he would be looked at with those eyes of expectation again. Above all else, his heart was awfully tired right now and he wanted to rest slowly.



And so, Kouki tried to speak 「No, I……」 with reservation but,



「Koone Body Attack!」



「Guheh!?」



Koone-tan was always abrupt at any time. Due to the unleashed flying body attack, Kouki was pushed down on the bed. Koone who was straddling Kouki was making a smug face. But, right after that, her expression quietly changed. Kouki held his breath toward that jade eyes that were staring at him fixedly.



「Hero-sama. No matter how much we pray at a place where there is nothing, nothing will happen you know? That's why, first we should see, hear, and feel. Koone think that those has to be done.」



No good idea or anything would emerge even if he fidgeted hesitantly inside the room like this. Kouki spontaneously opened his eyes wide, feeling as though himself until just now was seen through.



In a complete change, Koone smiled brightly and,



「Koone also want to listen about the story of another world! Please teach me about the hero-sama's world while also learning about this world! Koone want to know!」



「Ah, yes……I guess. Then, let's go.」



Kouki kept getting toyed by the quickly changing aura and expression of Koone, however, he nodded thinking that what Koone said also had truth to it, and he requested her to give him a tour of the capital for a change of mood.



But, at that time,



「Wha, what!? The doo is-. What happened!? Kouki, are you saf──」



Moana-sama who seemed to come to visit Kouki made her entrance.



And then, the queen-sama──or rather the severe siscon saw it. The figure of the little sister she doted straddling a man on the bed. Looking closely──Kouki's excuse was that he reflexively caught in his arm Koone who jumped him so that she wouldn't be hurt, that was really what happened──Kouki's hands were holding the waist of her beloved little sister.



I see.



「Faltina-sama hath spoken. She said, kill Kouki.」



「That's a lie-. I mean, this is not what it looks like! This is misunderstanding, Moana-sama!」



Kouki who instantly guessed how Moana mistook the situation was desperately attempting to resolve the misunderstanding. But, not reading the mood in this kind of time was Koone-tan Quality.



「Onee-chan! It's amazing! Hero-sama, he is really hard!」



Kouki wished that she would attach more detail like "the abs is" or something without fail. He didn't know whether Koone aimed for that or if she was just an airhead, but in any case, Kouki now acknowledged Koone as a troublemaker.



Although, he had no leeway at all for speaking out his complaint. Moana-sama whose expression had turned into one resembling a Hannya mask was reaching toward the sword on her waist that she seemed to always carry around,



「HEAVEN'S JUDGMENTTTTTT-」



「Hiiih, don't use real swordddddddd-」



She assaulted the scoundrel that "toyed" with her beloved little sister.



Even while screaming, Kouki wasted no time to hold Koone with one arm while moving out of the way. At the same time his other hand created a miniscule barrier on his palm and averted the sword attack. For the moment the sword was still sheathed, so he wouldn't get cut, but Moana's Hannya face made him thought of a naked blade, so Kouki was desperate.



Moana who was slashing down from a forced stance because of her agitation had her balance crumbled when her sword was parried. Like that she collapsed on top of Kouki.



Kouki erased the barrier and immediately caught Moana.



There,



「Moana-sama!? Just now, a loud voice was──」



The strongest royal guard captain who doted on the two sisters like father made his entrance.



The captain witnessed it. The scene on the bed, where the pair of sisters who he thought as his own daughters, were being embraced by a man with both his arms.



「HEAVEN's PUNISHMENTTTTTTT-」



「Hiiih, this is a misunderstandingggggggg-」



The sorrowful scream of the hero-sama echoed once more in a corner of the palace.



By the way, Kouki caught Spenser's attack using both his feet. In doing so, Spenser flopped down and his face dove on Kouki's important part, while Kouki was fainting in agony, Kouki who was embracing Moana and Koone with both his arms while holding Spenser on his important place with his legs were seen by the people of the palace who were rushing into the room. It went without saying how screams were raised.



「Uu, that was a horrible experience……」



The disheartened voice of Kouki echoed in the bustling shopping district of the capital. Beside him, Moana and Koone were walking with their faces hidden by wearing hood. Moana looked apologetic while Koone was laughing cheerfully.



「Koone-tan! You troubled Kouki, so reflect a bit on your action!」



The two had more or less finished apologizing to Kouki, but it was doubtful whether Koone was reflecting from her outward appearance. Moana scolded Koone, something that she rarely did.



「The flustered hero-sama was interesting I'm sorry!」



「That's amazing, Koone-tan! You are able to apologize properly!」



「No, it's doubtful that she is apologizing, or rather it feels like I'm getting dissed……」



Kouki was staring fixedly at the elder sister who was completely pampering her little sister, and Koone who was understanding various things somehow and did what she did.



「Now now, hero-sama. Koone will let you to eat the capital's specialty food! With Onee-chan's money!」



「Leave it to me Koone-tan! Onee-chan has been saving a lot of my pocket money for this kind of time!」



An unexpected truth was shed on light. It seemed the money that queen could use for her personal use was given with pocket money system.



When Kouki was introduced in the audience hall, there was a tottering gramps that looked like he was going keel over anytime, but that gramps was actually civil official chief (a position like a prime minister), and he was introduced as the one who took charge of the financial affairs too.



The tottering gramps handing over pocket money toward Moana-sama who accepted it with a pleased face……



Kouki imagined such scene and for some reason he felt warm and fluffy.



But, for the time being, he guessed that he should say what ought to be said.



「Moana-sama. Aren't you too weak against Koone-sama's casual coaxing?」



'Isn't she too pampering toward her little sister who actually might be black hearted in truth?' Kouki tried saying that while smiling wryly.



But, the one who objected wasn't Moana, the objection came flying from a small gangster.



「? Hero-sama wishes for an eight year old girl to pay? Is that so? The penniless and jobless hero-sama!」



「Gofuh!?」



「Understood. The eight year old girl Koone will treat the penniless adult hero-sama! ……It's just a pocket money that Koone saved earnestly, but Koone will use it for hero-sama's sake!」



「It's fine! I get it already so please stoopp! The gaze of the surrounding is painful!」



Koone tilted her head with a wondering expression 'Is that so?'. Kouki thought. This little girl, she absolutely did what she did intentionally.



Little girl these days was terrifying. Kouki recalled the daughter of the demon king that crossed his mind, and then he also imagined the scene of that terrifying little girl who inherited her father's disposition taking the hand of this little girl before his eyes who was actually black hearted, where the two of them were getting along well with each other. His body shivered. It was truly a terrifying imagination. Just like a nightmare.



Kouki casually made an oath. 'Let's not provoke the little girl to the best of his ability', like so.



Then, at that timing Koone quietly ran off, perhaps she discovered something at the road ahead. While thinking 'she really move around abruptly huh', Kouki followed behind Moana who was chasing behind Koone in hurry.



「……That's」



Ahead of his gaze, Koone was skillfully slipping through the crowd of people. Seeing that, Kouki unconsciously raised a voice of admiration.



It seemed no one noticed the small Koone rushing below them. Surprisingly, it seemed Koone sensed the awareness within the field of vision and gaze of people, so by avoiding that awareness she was able to take covert action that would make even an assassin to feel shocked.



「Koone has a good mind. No, perhaps I should say that she has good sense. She read the thought and feeling of people to a surprising degree. To the level that can make you think that perhaps she has a mind reading ability.」



「Sensing the thought……」



Moana spoke while watching Koone slipping smoothly through the crowd.



「That movement that cannot be noticed by other people, it seems that it's also the application of that. Something like, by looking, hearing, and feeling carefully, she can understand what someone is focusing on.」



「Is that how she sneaked into the baggage of the soldier force before……」



「Yeah. Amazing right!? That's my Koone-tan!」



「Tha, that's right. In a sense, it's really amazing……」



An elder sister boasting of her little sister with a triumphant look. Certainly what she mentioned was amazing but……



When Kouki saw Koone sneaking into the back of some fruit seller, he couldn't help but spontaneously thought that it was really a waste of talent.



In the fruit store that seemed to be ran by a married couple, colorfully juicy fruits were lined up inside, the husband was livelily raising his voice to attract customer from behind the goods' shelf.



Koone-tan was creeping up behind him. And then,



「BAA──NN!! This is the one who hallucinate to be a princess since who know when! Kooneee!!」



「GYAAAAAAH, what is this-!?」



The husband was toppled over. Suddenly behind him an explosion reverberated, which might be caused by blessing art, and at the same time someone appeared while raising a loud voice. There was no way he wasn't surprised.



The husband looked behind him while falling on his butt, there he found Koone who was smiling widely with both her hands going banzai and his shoulders slumped down. With a small voice 「Koone-sama again huh……」 his expression turned troubled.



「Uncle Geor, Koone came! Three kukuri please!」



「Thank you for your patronage. That's what I want to say, but please spare me from the surprise each time you came, Koone-sama.」



It seemed that Koone was a regular customer of this store, and she was also a habitual criminal who surprised the owner while she was at it.



「Ahahahah, it doesn't matter about my husband, but Koone-sama, if you don't act in moderation then the soldier chief will scold you again.」



Neglecting his husband who was still falling on his butt, the madam with large built selected the fruit for Koone quickly. Moana who chased after Koone handed over money toward the woman who was really like an auntie of the shopping district.



「I'm sorry about Koone every time. She seem to be really pleased with the fruit of this store.」



「My, this is your majesty. Today both of you sisters are going out it seems. Well, please don't worry about it. No matter what he say, but my husband too is looking forward to Koone-sama's visit after all.」



「Thank you for saying that.」



Kouki watched over the exchange between Moana and the married couple from a step away.



It seemed that Koone's entrance also caused the surrounding people to notice that the royal sisters were here, but affection could be seen from their expression. It wasn't excessive respect, but something that could be thought as coming from exceedingly close relationship. But, by no means the people were looking lightly at the sisters, it was obvious even just from a glance that everyone held respect and affection.



It seemed that the distance between the royal family of Synclea kingdom and the people was extremely small.



But, what made Kouki curious wasn't that. If it was about a royal family who was openhearted and friendly, he was already acquainted with princess Liliana. For Kouki this wasn't something that was that unusual.



While Kouki was staring fixedly at that point he was curious about, the married couple noticed his gaze and called out to him.



「Oh, that person there……by any chance, is he the recently rumored hero-sama?」



「Eh? Ah, yes. I'm called like that more or less.」



「Oh my, in that case then this three kukuri is not enough, I have to give a bit of extra. Setting that aside, is something the matter with this? It seems you are keep staring at this since some time ago.」



Saying that, the madam clapped *pon-* on it, at the sword that she was wearing on her waist.



Yes, the married couple of the fruit store were carrying sword. When he looked really closely, not to mention the shop owner, even the shop employees at the neighboring shops who were calling at Koone, and also most of the people who were coming and going, everyone were carrying the minimum arms.



They were just a shop owner, just a person who seemed like a normal housewife, but everyone was carrying sword on their waist.



Kouki asked with a bit of bewilderment.



「Excuse me, both madam and sir are this shop's owner right? Not actually a member of the soldier force that is helping here in your off-day?」



「? Yes, yes. Both of us has been doing business here for a long time though……」



「Err, then, why are you carrying sword?」



From the look of the madam who didn't understand why Kouki asked her that, it seemed civilian carrying sword was something really normal in the capital, it didn't look like there was any particular circumstance.



「About that hero-sama. This place is the world's front line you know? Although the soldiers are the specialist of the battlefield, but there is also no reason that fruit seller cannot fight, the <Dark Being> isn't the type of fellow that would let go of us just because we are a fruit seller right?」



「Ma, madam is fighting?」



「Yes, yes, I will fight you know. That is if this capital becomes a battlefield. Of course, I'm praying that it won't come to that. But, not doing anything, not able to do anything, and die simply, something like that, I'll have none of that. It's nothing big, I have been slapping my husband routinely everyday. One or two <Dark Being> is no concern at all.」



After saying so, the madam laughed heartily while slapping her husband who was making a pathetic expression beside her repeatedly.



Front line──Kouki felt it for real just how far the meaning those words had.



The people remaining in this capital, all of them had the resolve to fight when the time came. They were spending their days with the resolve for all the capital's people to be counted as war strength.



When Kouki looked at Moana beside him, her gaze dropped down with a silent expression. She was feeling down──but that wasn't really it. She was calmly, accepting their resolve, it was that kind of expression.



Koouki looked over his surrounding.



Without knowing whether it was tomorrow or some other day, the next moment they might be thrown into battle with their right to live on the line. The people were living with such resolve.



*Drip*, something spilled out inside his heart.



「Isn't it, scary?」



The madam's expression turned puzzled. And then, while laughing heartily she,



「That's, obviously it's scary! But see, look, the kukuri of our store, if it's for the sake of making the customers able to enjoy this then, well, I'm going to work a bit harder. Right, dear?」



「Well yeah. If we don't sell kukuri, who will then sell kukuri in the capital. As a fruit store owner, I'm not gonna allow the guys doing their best fighting to be unable to even eat a kukuri.」



The shop owner shrugged and lightly washed the kukuri his wife picked before handing it over. Kukuri was a fruit with an appearance like a yellow apple. Koone quickly nibbled at it. Her eating manner was so hearty it made him wanted to tsukkomi just in where she was a princess.



Even while chuckling, Moana also put the fruit into her mouth while urging Kouki with her gaze 「Try eating it」.



Kouki felt his heart whirling from the madam's words while tried a bite of the fruit. Right away, thick sweet and sour taste spread inside his mouth, and a rich aroma tickled his nose. If he had to guess, then plum had the most similar taste with this fruit……but, it had a good flavor that he couldn't just eat at a moment notice even in earth.



「Delicious……」



「Right, right!? This is Koone's recommendation, so that's natural. Koone think that it's only natural!」



For some reason Koone made an awfully smug face more than the married couple fruit seller. While her mouth was smudged all over with fruit juice. The madam was laughing heartily once more while politely wiping Koone's mouth. Moana went 「So, sorry to trouble you」, even though she was the queen yet she was feeling obliged. The husband looked at such Moana and smiled.



Kouki who was staring at them took one more bite of kukuri. For this, for the sake of the people who wanted to eat this, the married couple fruit sellers would fight when the time came. He took a bite while chewing on their words.



Bright moon shined brightly at the peak of the night sky.



Kouki who was led around by Koone until the sun fell was now leaning on the railing at the guest room's veranda while staring at the moon tiredly. The capital was different from the city in earth, the brightness had completely submerged and the city looked quiet.



Even coldly the mystical moon was reflected on the oasis, making a sight where it seemed there was twin moon. It was really a great view. The sparkling water surface was also wondrously beautiful.



Kouki's gaze dropped at the moon wavering on the water surface without any particular reason while recalling Koone's tomboyish act and the easy big sister who was merely doting. A small smile emerged on his lips.



He recalled the later matter after he ate kukuri at that fruit store.



The next place he was guided toward was the best weapon shop in the capital.



When Koone made her entrance with 「BAA──────NN!! This is the one who make anyone challenged to reexamine the definition of princess! Kooneee!!」 from the back entrance of the shop, a boy about the same age with Kouki went 「GYAAAAAAAH, Koone-sama came out againnnn!?」and toppled over backward.



With the ferry rower to cross the oasis river that they visited next, she intentionally leaped out from underwater while saying 「ZABAA────────NN!! The one who won't be able to deny if asked whether she is a parasite in the palace!? Kooneee!!」 . 「GYAAAAAAAH, why is it always from underwater every time!?」 the rower uncle yelled so while toppled backward and fell into the river……



But perhaps it was the usual thing, because the uncle returned to the ship normally with a smile while saying 「Please spare me from that anymore」, and his clothes along with Koone were dried using blessing art……



Then she circled behind the royal guard led by Spenser and the soldier force led by Donar who were actually following Kouki and others while surrounding them in all directions, made her appearance 「BAA──────NN!! Don't think I'll be a princess till forever! Kooneee!!」, and smashed into pieces the confidence of the royal guards and soldiers 「GYAAAAAAAAAH, your highness!? Why is your highness over there!?」……



The nickname of chaos in three seconds after appearance really suited her.



But, for Kouki, Koone who was such unprecedented tomboy was not just a mere girl who loved prank anymore.



「See, hear, and feel, is it……」



Perhaps, the people who Kouki met and exchanged words directly with today were picked by Koone. People that possessed words that could possibly influenced Kouki the most.



If not, then there was no way that Kouki's heart could be currently shaken to this degree even though they were only exchanging brief words.



「Everyone……were really lively.」



The people he met, every single one of them possessed confidence of their way of living. They were proud of themselves.



What should he do so he could have confidence about himself like them? Could he be proud……could he believe?



「If I fight like I'm asked in this world……will I understand?」



But, like that, what would be different than the time when he was summoned to Tortus……



Kouki shook his head. He was about to fall into an endless spiral of thought again. He was summoned, experienced his first kill, heard the circumstance of this world and the story of the people living here……his heart was completely tired.



'Let's rest for today.' Deciding that, Kouki turned around.



「Good evening, this is Koone.」



「HIIIIIIIIIH!? Since when!?」



With a bright smile, Koone-tan was right behind him when he noticed. Kouki's scream echoed.



AN: Thank you very much for reading this every time.



Thank you very much too for the thoughts, opinions, and reports about misspelling and omitted words.



I'm resigned to accept the opinion of 'the story is not progressing huh'.



However, in order for Kouki to change, I want him to have a lot more encounter and experience, but then this chapter of the capital move slowly and won't progress faster like this……



In case I write the story at the mental side, it will become long no matter what I do won't it……



And so, for the reader the development that is a bit tedious will continue, but this development will be limited to just Kouki arc so I wonder if I can wish for mercy from you readers.



Well, just as showed in「The Gathering of the Returnees」, after a week that person will make his entrance, so the time left for Kouki was also that one week……



However, Koone is standing out huhh……at first it should be like this though.



When I wrote for some reason inside my head Poison-○n of [This world is a game you said~] you see…… (TN: Seem to refer to Poison-tan from Kono Sekai ga Game dato Ore dake ga Shitteiru, not really sure though. Anyone can clear up about this reference?)



Shirakome's plot always get instant death……





Chapter 269




「Are you okay, hero-sama?」



「I'm not okay at all! Why are you here!? Or rather since when!?」



Kouki was cowering in fear while raising his voice, his hand tightly grasping from above his clothes his heart that was jumping around inside.



He even forgot to use polite language against the royal family and made tsukkomi with his usual way of talking.



That was how scary Koone-tan who sneaked behind him with a bright grin was. It was simply a horror. He wanted to yell 「Enough with this little girl already-」 with all his strength.



「Fu-fun! Koone's "stealthy skill" that cannot be noticed even by hero-sama is amazing right!」



「It's not in the level of amazing……even <Presence Detection> doesn't work……」



「H~m. Koone doesn't really understand what is this thing called <Presence Detection> about but……hero-sama's focus was completely directed somewhere else you know?」



Koone tilted her head. According to her, with how he was completely distracted, what's more in his exhausted state, it was comparatively easy for her to sneak at him by using her special technique and her heaven's blessing art at the same time.



「Using heaven's blessing art at the same time? If I remember correctly, Koone-sama's art is <Regeneration> isn't it……」



「Fufuhn. It's called <Regeneration> because it can bring back greenery to the desert but, its essence is direct interference art that focus, attach, or adjust blessing power.」



Like that, by adjusting and harmonizing her own blessing power with the miniscule blessing power inside the air, her existence became harder to comprehend──to say it further she was able to "adapt".



「It's Koone-style "Stealthy Art - Level 2".」



「What are you using the unique ability of the royal family in full for……」



Kouki massaged his temple repeatedly as though he was getting headache.



「Hero-sama, hero-sama. Won't you talk a bit with Koone?」



「……No, I'm going to rest──」



Kouki whose respect toward royalty was blown away completely to somewhere easily tried to reject Koone's invitation.



But, his gaze suddenly met hers. He was suddenly at loss for words after seeing Koone's gaze.



That gaze was really deep. To the degree that he held his breath in surprise. There was earnest and pressuring feeling inside that gaze. Different from the figure of the tomboy and wild and mischievous princess, those were the eyes of someone with unknown depth.



「Won't you talk with Koone a bit?」



「……What is it?」



Kouki's reply made Koone's mouth burst open in a smile. With rapid steps she stood beside Kouki before she gazed at the direction of the oasis──the capital.



「How was it today? The capital is a good place right? Everyone was all good people right?」



「Yes, very much so. They are really good person. While knowing the current situation where the tomorrow is unknown, yet they don't despair……everyone choose something, and they hold pride……that their choice is correct.」



Koone nodded. But, her expression for some reason didn't look at all like the proud expression she showed him when she gave him the tour through the capital. Rather, it was an expressionless face that looked as though it lost emotion.



Kouki who had only seen her acting innocently until now held his breath again.



「Do you now want to help us?」



「…….So, that's your aim just as I thought.」



Kouki sighed. As expected, Koone wasn't just a naïve and innocent princess.



「Yes. That too is one of Koone's aims. Because it seems that hero-sama has hesitation.」



It was likely that she had heard from Moana too. How Kouki felt hesitation about fighting. That he was trying to show a path where there would be no fighting to even the <Dark Being>.



Koone seemed friendly, but perhaps she actually didn't believe him at all. Thinking that should be only natural, Kouki gazed at Koone while staying silent.



「Koone more or less is a royalty, so I want to save the people. Koone understand that Synclea kingdom, no, the human race is already at the limit. There will be no salvation without relying on hero-sama.」



「Koone-sama?」



'But see', Koone continued, to which Kouki directed at her his dubious expression. And then, he was speechless hearing her next words.



「Based on the circumstance, or perhaps based on hero-sama's feeling, if you think that it's impossible then──please escape.」



「What, are……」



While speaking of wanting help, while speaking of there was no future already, she told Kouki to escape by his own decision. 'I don't mind if you forsake us', 'It's fine for you to not save us', she said such unbelievable thing.



「However, at that time, please take away Onee-chan together without fail.」



After telling him to leave everything else, she asked him to allow just her big sister to survive. As expected, Kouki couldn't reply to those words. It wasn't because he was refusing the request. It was because he couldn't understand Koone's thinking.



Koone finally met her gaze with the confused Kouki.



「Hero-sama, you have a rough idea of how to return to your own world aren't you?」



「Wha-, how do you……」



「I heard from Onee-chan. Hero-sama at first confirmed whether you can go home or not. In other words, from the beginning hero-sama's condition is to go home. But, I heard that when hero-sama was told that it's unknown, hero-sama didn't even look upset.」



In other words, he had an idea of how to go home.



「But, most likely that method isn't something that hero-sama can do by yourself. Perhaps the timing, or some kind of special phenomenon or item is necessary──possibly, someone will come to pick up hero-sama.」



「Why, do you think so?」



「Because hero-sama hate killing and fighting right? A world that ask such thing from hero-sama must be a despair. If someone in such situation is told that they cannot go home, normally they should be more despairing or upset. Hero-sama is still composed because hero-sama has the belief that you can go home.」



「……Haha, you got me there.」



He was seen through by a little girl who wasn't even ten years old. Furthermore, she also showed an attitude of conviction that her hypothesis wasn't mistaken from Kouki's reaction. It seemed he was also led around by the nose.



Kouki couldn't help but smile wryly.



He was still composed. That was a fact.



It was clear that there was no way Shizuku and others would abandon Kouki. The fact that he was summoned to another world would surely be told to them by Liliana, and not long from now the gate would be opened. He should be able to go home without doubt, and when the time came, he could even be like that demon king, abandoning this world because this problem was unrelated with him.



He was agonizing because of his own heart, not because he was cornered.



In a sense, that was exactly the reason he was able to concentrate only at his own emotion. Yes, even more than toward the crisis of this world.



While he understood that this world was in the depths of despair, in the end, he prioritized himself.



Kouki thought. 'Aa, I'm really a coward.'



「Hero-sama isn't a coward you know?」



「Eh?」



Those words sounded as though his heart was read. Kouki opened his eyes wide in surprise and looked at Koone.



Koone made a troubled smile.



「Hero-sama, don't have any duty at all toward this world. There is no need at all for hero-sama who is a complete stranger to feel guilty. The reason is──」



──Even herself who was a royalty, was prioritizing her own feeling and told him that it was fine if he didn't save them.



「That's……」



「Certainly, Koone love everyone in the capital, Koone want to save them. That is my true feeling without any falsehood in it. But, for Koone the most important person is Onee-chan. If Onee-chan and all the people are weighed in scale, the scale will tilt toward Onee-chan. Rather than the many that Koone loved, Koone treasure my only dear family.」



Those words were surely unbecoming for a royalty.



「Onee-chan is at her limit already. She used heaven's blessing art too much at the previous battle, now she has no power remaining anymore. She overused it to the degree it cannot recover anymore. If she has to fight that <Dark King> one more time she will die with certainty.」



「That white hair……so it's because of that just as I thought……」



「Yes. Koone's father and mother, big brother and uncle, all the cousins, every~one died. Donar and Spenser are like family for Koone, but even so, for Koone my true family is, the one I loved the most, is only Onee-chan now. For Koone, only losing Onee-chan is──unbearable.」



She understood that it crossed the limit of being mischievous, even so she sneaked inside the baggage of the soldier force using her all and rushed out of the capital. This was the reason.



Evil hand was drawing near her most beloved big sister who left the capital following the oracle. If she heard such thing, she wouldn't be able to not rush off. She didn't have any leeway to consider the duty of royalty or about being nuisance to other people.



Even while she understood that what she did was the worst conclusion toward everyone, that it was an outrageously horrible betrayal, but living in a world where her big sister died was something Koone couldn't think about. If something happened to her big sister in the worst case, she was even prepared to suicide by the sword beside her corpse.



That was why, because she was such a person……



「See? After all someone like Koone, is just "someone that is like a princess".」



It wasn't a kind of joke. Koone herself was the one who didn't recognize Koone de Shelt Synclea as a royalty the most.



Kouki stared at Koone. He wondered just how much emotion this small girl was hiding inside that small body.



──Rather than the many that were looking for salvation, a person who was important for herself was more



What crossed Kouki's mind, was that guy's figure who once said the same thing at him.



Was it selfish?



Was it irresponsible?



Was it an "evil" that ought to be scorned?



「If I run away」



「Yes?」



「If I choose to run away while taking away Moana-sama, Koone-sama will also come along right?」



For some reason Koone looked puzzled at Kouki's question and,



「No?」



「……」



「For Koone, if Onee-chan is alive then it's fine with that. If it can let Onee-chan to stay alive somewhere, then Koone will be able to do my best by that much. And so, Koone will take the baton pass as queen.」



'Just as I thought', Kouki thought.



If Koone was a person who could abandon everything other than her big sister, there was no way she would be liked by the capital's people that much. There was no way she would run around with the pretext of pranking and showed out her face throughout the capital.



And then, surely this wise girl was convinced of their defeat in the future. Whether the future where many humans were caught and turned into livestock, and also the future where few humans would continue painful battle as guerilla fighter, and how she would be needed as the cornerstone to support the battle of such people, surely she had imagined it without doubt.



After all her heaven's blessing art <Regeneration> would only really shine at such devastated world, in order to support the foundation of people's living.



Kouki reflexively almost said the words「Then, all the human in this world, take them to another world somewhere」, however, he gritted his teeth and held his tongue.



When he suggested it at Ragal, his heart was messed up like a library that had all its bookshelves pushed down. It was just a desperate proposal.



Now that he was calm, he couldn't speak it out so easily. The reason was that the one who could accomplish that wasn't himself. He didn't even know if he could pay the compensation. Even if he could pay, he didn't know if his suggestion would be accepted.



He couldn't say such uncertain hope.



Against Kouki whose expression distorted looking somewhat painful, Koone's opened her mouth with an atmosphere that suddenly relaxed.



「Now then, that's all Koone want to say. In conclusion, if possible Koone hope hero-sama can save the world okayyy~. Ah, but if it's impossible then super run away taking just Onee-chan with you! Leave the rest to Koone then! Like that! Koone is cool. I'm super cool is what Koone think!」



'Coool Kooone, coool Kooone!' The usual innocent Koone twirled round and round while repeatedly yelling so. Kouki's expression became speechless seeing such Koone.



When Koone stopped still her twirling coool Kooone dance, she then pointed sharply at Kouki and gave him a mischievous expression.



「Now then, let's cross the last item in the list today! Hero-sama, hero-sama. There is a peerless beauty at the terrace located in the west of the palace you know? If you go there now, you will be able to meet a sexy beauty with alcohol provided! This might be a chance to deepen relationship?」



'Get done in by Onee-chan's charm, and like her so much you won't be able to abandon her by any means!' Such voice of heart was resounding loudly.



Kouki tried to ask Koone somehow.



「By the way……my right to refuse?」



Koone spoke with a bright smile.



「I'll yell you know? 『Nooo──, hero-sama, what are you doinggg!? Dragging Koone into your room! Just what are you going to do with this "niice bodyy"~~~』 Koone will yell that loudly you know?」



「I'll go right away! I really want to meet with pretty woman quickly-」



Kouki answered energetically. He didn't even have the composure to make a tsukkomi how nasty she was.



Koone-tan was simply scary even without her sneaking at him. Especially her smiling face.



Kouki arrived at the place Koone taught him.



Midway, Spenser appeared from the shadow of a building and asked him threateningly「Where are you going at this time?」, but when Kouki answered with dead fish eyes 「It's Koone-sama's……guidance」, he conceded him the passage with similar dead fish eyes while saying 「……Is that so, I'm sorry」.



This royal guard captain gave off sorrowful aura that made him thought that various things had surely happened to him too in the past……



'Now then, where could Moana-sama be', Kouki wondered while running his gaze around.



Then,



「……Kouki?」



A voice came from above him. When he looked up, he found the figure of Moana looking down wonderingly at him from a terrace at the second floor.



With the moon that was half hidden because of the spire as the background, her appearance with her cheeks slightly red was indeed charming.



The moonlight also made her hair that was like snow to be tinged with phosphorescence, that charming figure which looked mystique made Kouki to gulp reflexively.



「What's the matter, for you to be here?」



「It's Koone-sama's guidance.」



Perhaps because of his agitation, Kouki repeated that answer like a pious believer that worshipped the god Koone.



Moana looked puzzled before a beat later she couldn't endure and start chuckling.



「I see, I see. It cannot be helped if it's her guidance. Come on, get up here. Accompany me drinking for a bit.」



「Ah, yes, then……」



Kouki who was assaulted by a strange embarrassment entered the building and climbed the stair hastily. It seemed the place where Moana was at was adjacent with the corridor, the door was left open.



At the spacious chalk white terrace, Moana was leaning on the splendidly molded handrail with one of her hands swirling a glass. Her soft smile shaken Kouki once more.



「What's the matter with you since just now? You are strangely stilted. Did something happen with Koone?」



「……We only had a little talk.」



Kouki took advantage to blame the cause of his agitation because of Koone. She had thoroughly shocked him, so it should be allowed for him to do this much. He pulled himself together while thinking that and stood up beside Moana.



「What kind of talk?」



Moana asked him that while presenting her glass at Kouki.



Kouki hesitated at what she meant with that gesture. When he looked there was bottle placed on the handrail, but there was only one glass which was the one Moana was holding. That was only natural seeing she was drinking alone. In other words, she told him to accompany her drinking was by sharing the use of her glass together……



In the end, was it fine to drink from the same glass with the queen……



Looking from the expression of Moana who was pushing the glass at him, he saw how she told him to not mind it.



Kouki persuaded himself 「Well, fine I guess」, and put the glass on his mouth. The amber colored alcohol looked like whisky in a glance, but the taste was fruit liquor. From the fragrance and taste that he had familiarity with, he guessed that most likely this was something that used kukuri. The alcohol content was also not high, the sensation in his mouth was nice with extremely delicious taste.



Moana who saw that Kouki was pleased with the drink smiled happily while intentionally pouring a second helping.



Kouki felt obliged while answering her question.



「We talked about how the people we met today are good people.」



「I see……and do you think so?」



「Yes.」



Kouki nodded. And then he hesitated a bit. Should he talk about Koone's request to him that was unbecoming for a royalty? But, he immediately shook his head and shook off that thinking. In exchange, he spoke about another matter.



「Then…….we also talk, about how you are at your limit.」



「……」



Moana stiffened for a moment. And then, her expression became complicated and she took the glass from Kouki in a flash, this time she drained up the glass empty. From the sigh 'fuu' that she breathed out, the fragrance of sweet fruit wafted out.



「It was……a horrible battle.」



「Is it about the battle five years ago?」



「Yes. He was really a monstrous fellow. He spouted out miasma to empty air, then all of it become countless number of weapon, or become beasts. That kind of <Dark Being>, I had never seen it before.」



Her way of talking returned to casual and her gaze flew to the past. She took off the mask of the queen and spoke her words as just Moana. Kouki stayed silent and lent her his ear.



「The army's number was also dreadful, everyone without exception fought desperately. I too used my <Divine Protection> power continuously. But, no matter how much we fought desperately, everyone died. No matter how much <Divine Protection> I used, I couldn't protect them.」



With the light of blessing power from heaven's blessing art <Divine Protection>, the erosion of miasma could be blocked. That was to say, against attack type where weapon formed from the miasma used by <Dark Being> was wielded, this art also became an immense barrier.



In that hellish battle, Moana had the role to protect the soldiers.



But, in reality, she couldn't protect them to the end no matter how much power she wringed out. Just how much the sense of powerlessness felt by this girl who understood that her role was as a protector……



「I was determined to offer up my life. I planned to use up all my strength in that fight. Because, the one who should survive isn't me, it should be my big brother.」



「That's……」



Kouki reflexively almost interrupted, but Moana's vast eyes and the fierce regret whirling inside them stopped his words.



「Big brother's <Heaven Light> was a heaven's blessing art that excelled in killing ability. The one that used the opening father and the others created by throwing their life to deeply wound the <Dark King> was also big brother. At that time, even though if only I could just protect big brother from the last counterattack of the <Dark King>, there would still be hope for him.」



Moana's big brother──Nada de Shelt Synclea struck a sure attack at the <Dark King> with the life of his father the king and others as the price. But, the <Dark King> that bore a deep wound that was fatal unleashed an attack of all his might at the very end.



As the result, Nada who stiffened after using a big technique got taken by surprise and died, and the <Dark King> was also carried away by his subordinate and retreated. That was the conclusion.



In order to protect Nada, Moana used <Divine Protection> to the full extent of her ability, but it wasn't enough. Nada's death when Moana was just a step away from exhausting her life forcefully rescinded the <Divine Protection>.



Her regret was the thinking that perhaps if she used <Divine Protection> by pouring all her life the moment <Dark King> counterattacked, then she might be able to save her big brother.



At the time that was her full strength. That was why, it was useless to even think about it. But, she couldn't help but think it.



「<Heaven Light> is more effective for bringing down the escaped <Dark King>. And Koone's <Regeneration> is indispensable for returning the world to before after the <Dark King> is exterminated. What the world need, isn't a used up wreck like me.」



「That's speaking too far, Moana-sama.」



Moana drank one more glass of the fruit wine before speaking a self-torturing sentence. Kouki gently took away the glass from her.



Moana directed her gaze at Kouki. She stared fixedly at him while letting out a faint voice.



「Hey, Kouki. Did Koone, say to you that she wanted you to take me away and escape?」



「──tsu」



「Ahaha, sheesh that child, as I thought she asked you that huh.」



Just how was this pair of sisters could take him by surprise like this? Kouki grumbled inside his heart with the feeling of venting his anger.



「How does Moana-sama know that?」



「Of course, that's because I'm her big sister.」



「You pair of sisters are just too sharp.」



「Fufuh.」



Moana chuckled just a bit cheerfully and warned him still with that light mood.



「I'm telling you I won't run away okay? Just spare me from anything forceful.」



「……You will still fight, even in that completely worn-out condition? Even though you understand that next time you won't be able to endure?」



「Yeah.」



She easily chose the path of death. Something inside Kouki was stirred awfully hearing those words.



「……Why, are you that strong? Why is everyone, can easily do what I can't? You might die you know? You will have to kill someone by fighting you know? Don't you feel scared?」



「Kouki……」



「Why? Why are you able to choose such choice without hesitation? What should I do so that I can live confidently without hesitation like that-」



Kouki's voice was rough as though he was venting his anger, he stared at Moana glaringly.



「What should I do-, so that I can make a choice that I can believe as "correct"-」



Moana closed her eyes. And then she made a troubled smile and formed her words with voice that sounded frail.



「Do you think I have no hesitation? Do you think I have no regret? There is no such thing. I'm always hesitating, and I regret a lot. Kouki is making too much of me.」



In fact, didn't she just speak one of her regrets just now. Told that, Kouki's eyes opened wide in surprise.



That's right. She couldn't protect her big brother. At that time, wasn't she able to do more? Wasn't she able to use more strength? She had spoken such doubt that was even holding herself in contempt.



Kouki looked down in shame from how he lost himself just now.



「On the contrary, I'm really a hopeless human you know? Actually, I unbearably want to hurl abuse at Kouki so much that I need to endure it desperately.」



「Eh?」



「Why is it only "now"? If you are going to save us, then why didn't you come five years ago at that day? I'm holding that kind of irrational feeling inside. I understand doing that will be just barking at the wrong tree, so I'm doing my best to not speak it loud.」



'But in the I said it', she scratched her cheek awkwardly as though to say that. Kouki was dumbfounded for a while, but then he responded with a wry smile 「I'm also venting my anger unjustly just now」.



Moana's expression turned serious, and then she directed at Kouki a straightforward gaze.



「I understand Koone's feeling. I also feel responsibility as royalty. When I think how my choice hold the fate of many people, I'm scared and want to run away, even I myself don't know what is right. But see, there is also just one thing that I understand.」



「What is it?」



──Even if I escape now and stay alive, I won't be saved.



In the end of her choice to run away, even if she survived then, it wouldn't be a salvation.



「Kouki is also the same right?」



「I too?」



Kouki's expression turned suspicious because Moana's words were really unexpected for him. Perhaps Moana thought that such Kouki was amusing because she chuckled while slowly pointing her index finger.



A lot of small scar could be seen faintly, however, that finger even looked beautiful instead. It softly stroked Kouki's forehead.



「You are always making a pained face from worrying, creating wrinkle at this spot, but you never stop thinking no matter what. Even though you were called here selfishly, but you don't even complain, far from that you killed an opponent you didn't want to kill while screaming, and saved us all.」



「That's……」



「You try to accept everything, whether the feeling of the people you meet, and also Koone's wish, and even my choice……your words "even in that completely worn-out condition", I'll return those words to you exactly the same.」



The fingertip that gently brushed his forehead slowly drifted to Kouki's cheek. The sensation of that fingertip felt really pleasant for some reason. Kouki unconsciously closed his eyes.



「But, you won't run away as expected aren't you? Throwing away everything and pretend to forget it, you cannot do anything like that right?」



「……Yeah. That's the only thing that I cannot do.」



「Because, that's not a salvation isn't it?」



「Yeah……」



「See, aren't we the same?」



「I guess.」



When he opened his eyes, Moana's face was there surprisingly close. An aroma like sweet fruit tickled his nose and her sparkling jade eyes caught Kouki's heart. He stared at Moana as though he was enthralled. For some reason, he couldn't avert his gaze away from Moana.



Gentle night wind brushed his skin, and a pleasantly silent time flowed.



「……grit-」



「Spenser, shii~~! Right now they are in a good scene so you cannot be a nuisance! Being a nuisance is wrong, is what Koone is thinking!」



A whispering (?) voice was flowing smoo~thly.



Moana slowly and quietly took distance from Kouki. Kouki was persuading himself「Surely <Presence Detection> is taking holiday without permission……」.



And then, when they turned their gaze toward the door with twitching expression, there they saw the royal guard captain biting on a handkerchief with a demonic look behind the door, and a black hearted little girl making a smile that felt like 'hihii~~~'.



「Moana-sama. Thank you very much for the delicious drink and the meaningful talk. I'm thinking of taking some rest soon.」



「Ye, yes, right. Not that. Cough-. You're right. A lot happened today and you must be tired. You can take a good rest for now.」



Bowing at Moana who coughed and smoothed up her appearance, Kouki then headed toward the door with brisk steps. Koone who seemed to not even intend to hide anymore was giving a thumb up at Kouki for some reason. Spenser was whispering「Duty……」 or something. Anyway he ignored everything.



「Kouki!」



Just before he got out of the door, Moana called out to him. When Kouki turned around, Moana's gaze was swimming around because of being a bit concerned about Koone and Spenser, even so right after that she then opened her mouth after fixing a straightforward gaze at Kouki.



「Kouki is, fixated with rightness……must be because you want to save someone correct? You fear making mistake……because you are scared that you will hurt someone right? That's, Kouki might not Kouki like it if I say this but, I think that's Kouki's "kindness". That's why, that is why. ──At the very least, that feeling that think of Kouki's someone is "right". I will assert that.」



「……Moana, sama.」



Kouki felt like crying very much for some reason. However, he gritted his teeth strongly to not show his unsightly side.



And then, he squeezed out some words,



「……Thank you very much.」



And replied so.



While expelling the sight of the little girl beside him making a black smile that said「Just as planned!」 outside of his field of vision.



Returning back in time for a bit, at the time when Kouki received the tour of the capital.



Past the front line desert area at the western land that was still lushly green, a certain feudal lord of a territory was raising a worried groan.



「What's the meaning of this? There is no mistake in this report right?」



「Yes. I also inspected it myself but, there is no mistake.」



In the office, the feudal lord was making a difficult face with the written report in one hand, before long he shook his head and made a determined expression.



「Report using a letter to her majesty. Tell the messenger to prepare. We have to ask Koone-sama to come urgently.」



「Acknowledged. Right away.」



The vassal hurriedly left the office. The feudal lord watched that while making a large sigh.



「I have a bad premonition……」



That whisper melted into empty air and vanished.



AN: Thank you very much for reading this every time.



Thank you very much too for the thoughts, opinions, and reports about misspelling and omitted words.



Koone-tan whose character spontaneously stood in Kouki arc



The demon king's daughter went without saying



I suddenly thought.



Should I try revealing a little girl character at the second part of abyss lord too……like that.



What do you all think about little girl trio…





Chapter 270




At the north side of Synclea kingdom capital's north side, there was a mysterious space formed from a branch that stretched from the donut shaped oasis surrounding the capital. The branch was drawing a great circle that joined into the main current once more, creating sandbank between it and the main current.



If it was seen from the sky, this sandbank between the branch and main stream that could be expressed as a "lump" created from a part of the circle had the size that was about the same like the sports ground of a school.



As a matter of fact, the expression of sports ground was to the point. That spot was the training ground of the soldiers adjacent to the capital.



Actually, even the next day after the unprecedented event of hero summoning and the emergency situation where the queen was ambushed and her life fell into danger, the soldiers were still working hard like usual at the training ground.



「Put your spirit into it! Are you guys making any effort huh! The formation change is too slow-. It should be possible to do it three seconds faster! Do it again!」



The one who motivated the soldiers doing formation change training with his angry yell that sounded like thunder was the soldier chief Donar.



Chief Donar's voice resounded really clearly. It was the voice characteristic of a commander that could reach the ally clearly in the battlefield.



At a slight distance away from the formation change training, a fierce training of one against one, or possibly one against many was being carried out, but even though the people there weren't the one being yelled at, the moment they heard the angry yell of the soldier chief, their expression became stricter and their spirit surged even further.



Also, at the place nearer to the river of the oasis, the art users were performing blessing art training with similar serious expression.



「Concentrate. But not at just one point. Concentrate toward the world. Earth, wind, heat, moisture……concentrate to everything that surround you. Your self is receiving blessing from the world, be aware of that strongly.」



Even though that voice had courteous demeanor and wasn't loud by any mean, it smoothly entered the ears and coached the art users. It was the voice of art user group's head art user──Rinden Stole.



He was a man at his forty with long rust colored hair that was tied behind. From a glance he looked like a really calm and gentlemanly attractive middle-aged man. But, perhaps it was just as expected from someone who was entrusted with a group same like Spenser and Donar. The zeal dwelling inside his eyes would make anyone instinctively gulped.



The truth was this Linden was the biological father of Lilin who was selected into the most elites of the royal guards that were led by Spenser. Both father and daughter were art user that overflowed with talent.



Ahead of Linden's gaze, the art users were joining their hands together in front of their mouth while wholeheartedly offering prayer that showed so much concentration vein emerged on their forehead. At the same time, the patterns painted somewhere on their body also shined radiantly.



Countless spears made from hardened sand protruded out from the ground like wave, whirlwind that hoisted up sand launched blades of wind and sand, sphere of light that perhaps was made from converged sunlight danced wildly, or oasis's water became whip that rampaged, all those were clearly the effects of their prayer.



Whether the soldiers or the art users, all of them possessed a definite passion.



While understanding that they couldn't be optimistic or anything about their situation by any means, even so they wouldn't draw back even by a step no matter what. Such definite passion that wouldn't even lose against the scorching desert was shown from their attitude.



「……This is amazing.」



Kouki's leaked out whisper slipped and vanish amidst the spirited roar of the soldiers.



In the eyes of Kouki who was observing from a spot where he wouldn't be a hindrance, there was a color that could be taken as envy or pain emerging.



Suddenly the figure of the queen who said to him that she wouldn't "run away" even when she was already at her limit crossed inside his mind. At the same time, the voice of a young but earnest princess who said "It's fine even if you abandon everything, so at least just my big sister" also resounded in his mind.



If a coexistence with the <Dark Being> was unacceptable, then there was no other path to save Moana except by Kouki's assistance.



Then, would he eradicate the <Dark Being> in that case?



Even though he didn't even know if the rejection of coexistence was really the consensus of all of them or not? In the first place, was someone like him who was burdened with deep mental damage just by killing one being could possibly do such thing? He could save Moana and others, wasn't such thinking itself was just his arrogance?



Then, should he escape while taking Moana with him just like Koone wished for?



Even though what gave hope of "perhaps" in this hopeless situation was his existence, yet he would abandon the people? Would he betray their hope, their expectation? Not to mention despite how such thing ran counter to Moana's wish? Even though it was a choice that might sacrifice the young Koone instead?



Then, would he take away only Moana and Koone, and also the people who were especially close to them?



How far the scope of that would reach? Only Spenser and others? Or else the servants that supported Moana in the palace too? Or perhaps all the people of the capital? Who would decide the size of the scope of the people that would be saved? How could someone like him could have the right to decide who would ride the Noah's ark……



Then, should he treat everything as never happened instead?



Ignored everything where he saw nothing, heard nothing, and knew nothing, and departed in a journey to search for the way to go home? Could he ask Moana and others to just think of him as someone nonexistent right from the beginning?



He wondered just what was right. He wondered what should he do to reach the best conclusion.



Aa, again, it felt like he was drowning inside water……



Furthermore, the drowning feeling wasn't like inside the forest spring where he was summoned, but like inside a swamp full of mud……



「Kouki-dono. What is your thought, abiut the training? If there is something that bothered you, then please give us a pointer without reservation.」



A voice suddenly called toward Kouki who was staring in a daze at the training while being stuck inside a crucible of dark thought like that.



When Kouki came back to his senses in surprise and moved his gaze, there was the figure of chief Donar right beside him without him noticing.



Kouki replied somewhat in fluster.



「N, no, the likes of me giving pointer is too……」



「You are being humble again. Kouki-dono is the hero-sama summoned by Foltina-sama. You don't need to feel even an ounce of reservation. I dare say that your advice might someday save their life.」



Kouki somehow felt gazes on him. When he directed his awareness there, several soldiers and art users were indirectly paying attention to the conversation between Donar and Kouki.



Their gazes weren't filled with anything like wariness of an outsider sticking their nose, but an expectation and curiosity toward the hero, hoping that perhaps they would be able to receive anything that could make them grow even just for a bit.



Yes, from them there was heavy feeling that was choking for the current Kouki.



While feeling conscious that he slightly leaked out strange breathing *hyuh*, Kouki took a breath, then replied with a wry smile.



「No, I really am unable to give any pointer or anything……. Rather, it's me who is affected by everyone's skill and zeal.」



「Oh, is that so! That is really something joyous to hear.」



Chief Donar smiled really happily hearing Kouki's words. The soldiers who seemed to be listening attentively were also vaguely showing pride from receiving the praise of the hero.



But, there, the head art user Linden who must be listening to the talk of chief Donar and Kouki asked a question with calm voice.



「Does the same opinion apply to us too?」



「Yes, of course. Or rather, in the first place I still don't really understand what blessing art is. Someone like me has no pointer or anything that I can say.」



Linden quietly narrowed his eyes toward Kouki whose wry smile deepened while answering that non-specialist like him was all the more unable to speak of anything about blessing art.



「I see, that's logical. However, I heard from my daughter that Kouki-san actually manipulated practical art for combat really skillfully. I assume that you have abundant experience of fighting, although the principle of our arts differ, but is there really nothing that you can perhaps comment about from that standpoint?」



From the eyes of Linden who was saying that while stroking his chin with one hand, a curiosity could be vaguely seen there. Perhaps he was simply interested for Kouki's advice, or rather at Kouki's impression and magic themselves.



「The blessing art is……a magic that seem to be extremely practical for combat. The blessing art that I had seen for real was only the art that manipulated wind and earth used by two royal guards, but the cooperation with the vanguard, the deployment speed, and the choice of art to match the situation, all of them made me went wide-eyed in surprise.」



「Hou. As a father, it's really make me happy that Lilin's skill is highly assessed so much like that.」



「Ahaha……. It was really amazing. However……that's right, if there is one thing that make me curious, it's about whether there is a blessing art that is specialized for defense or not?」



「Specialized for, defense?」



Linden went 'h~m' while stroking his chin with one hand. Perhaps it was his habit when he was thinking. He then opened his mouth.



「I think, it will be something like the stone wall that Neisan created……. Other than that, there are wall of squall or heat, and if the location is in this capital then the water of the oasis itself will become barrier. But, the "defense specialization" that Kouki-san talked about isn't something like that isn't it?」



「Yes. Because in the end something like that is "something that can also be used as defense". For example, there is something like that among the magic I used, I also had used it in front of Lilin-san before──<Light Severance>」



Kouki whispered his chanting and materialized a shining barrier midair. Right away, the training ground became noisy. Everyone temporarily stopped their training, or rather they were made to stop from focusing their stare at the shield of light.



Chief Donar and head art user Linden who saw the magic of another world for the first time opened their eyes wide altogether. But, the next instant they spoke 「Oo! This is!」 while scrambling to approach the barrier with great curiosity.



「Oo, it's not hot or cold! Even though this should be only light yet it's hard like this!」



「It's similar with blessing art of sunlight but……that art literally carry heat. But this is really only light……. Donar, please try to cut it a little.」



「Leave it to me.」



The sword of chief Donar that was swung halfheartedly was repelled back while making *gakin* sound. Just from that cheers of 「Ooo!」 were raised from the outsiders too this time.



「How about this then!?」



The soldier chief became a bit worked up. The head art user was also watching attentively with really excited look.



Chief Donar let out a slash that was sharper and heavier than before. The sword shined and drew a beautiful trail of sword slash in the air that could make someone instinctually be charmed. This time a small crack entered the Light Severance with a snap.



「Hou! Although it was done without reinforcement, I put about seventy percent of my strength into it. It's only cracked with that! What a marvelous barrier!」



「Yes, yes! It's extremely interesting! Just what kind of principle is behind it? The very light itself is possessing weight? No, however……」



The two middle-aged men were seriously excited. Even while feeling slightly creeped out against the soldier chief and head art user who were continuously approaching forcefully, Kouki answered with a troubled face.



「About the principle's detail, even I don't……. But, this is an art principle that is called magic, various phenomenon can be caused by using magic power, magic circle, and then chanting. The energy's property is different with blessing art, and the point where the very energy itself is materialized as art is different from blessing art, but I think the two's operation procedures are really similar.」



「H~m, really interesting. The very blessing power itself is used as protective wall or attack……. H~m, can that be replicated? H~m──」



Linden was thinking with a difficult expression like a researcher wracking his head in front of a difficult problem. On the other hand, chief Donar's really serious appearance was now looking like a child, staring at Kouki with sparkling gaze.



For some reason, recently the positivity level of middle-aged man and animal toward Kouki was raising up excessively.



While feeling a bad premonition for some reason, Kouki asked with his gaze 「What's the matter?」. Chief Donar then suggested immediately as though to say that he had been waiting for Kouki to ask.



「Kouki-dono. Let's do a mock battle!」



「Eh? What did you say?」



His heart that had no enthusiasm unconsciously caused a line like a deaf main character to appear. However, the chief Donar who seemed to have his soldier's soul lit up didn't pay any mind about that at all.



The feeling of wanting to see magic that was actually used practically in battle, and the curiosity toward Kouki's skill as swordsman that he heard from the story were coming out in his face. At the same time, 'Most thing could be understood by exchanging sword, exchanging sword is the quickest way' such feeling also showed through.



「……Ryutaro type exist in any world huh.」



「Hm? Did you say something?」



Kouki unconsciously whispered while recalling his best friend who boasted 'Anyway, I'll surely manage somehow if we exchange blows!'. Chief Donar tilted his head.



Kouki who wasn't motivated wracked his mind to somehow avoid doing mock battle. But, Linden who seemed to come back to reality from the sea of his thought before Kouki could think of anything then smilingly dealt an additional blow.



「Indeed, a mock battle will be the fastest way to have other people to know about Kouki-san better. Kouki-san, can I please ask you to do that?」



「Eh……yes……」



Even though he thought that this person was a researcher type, but unexpectedly head art user Linden was also in the active people faction. His words caused Kouki to unconsciously nod against his better judgment. The mini Kouki inside his heart yelled angrily 「You are swept by the flow, me!」, but it was already too late.



A spot was emptied right away while the audiences were clamoring.



His opponent of all thing was chief Donar and Linden at the same time.



「……Excuse me, the mock battle, is against the two of you?」



「Hahahah, don't mind it!」



「Fufufuh, please don't hold back!」



The opponents were the tops of each group that must be the strongest fighting force of Synclea kingdom. Furthermore, they had nice balance of a vanguard and rearguard.



There was no more doubt that these two middle-aged men were hobby friends with similar personality, but it seemed that it was also an undoubtable fact that they were considering the existence of Kouki as an opponent was at the level that ought to be faced by top class warriors.



Kouki spontaneously put his hand on his stomach. It felt like he was feeling throbbing pain. The surrounding was overflowing with expectation and curiosity, if he exposed something unsightly here, how much grief and disappointment would be created then……



(……Heavy……)



In addition, it was a battle against people. Although it was a mock battle, for Kouki who had only experienced murder this was something that felt even harder. Hesitation and fear quickly assaulted him, it took a desperate effort for him to suppress his trembling and hyperventilation.



「? Kouki-dono? Are you not feeling well?」



It seemed even though he was hiding it, but a veteran warrior could somehow sensed Kouki's bad condition. Chief Donar asked him with a worried expression.



For a moment Kouki thought to answer 「Exactly!」, wondering if it wasn't still too late for him to excuse himself from this mock battle.



(But……if I cannot even do mock battle, then I……. Don't run, don't run me.)



He shook his head. He scolded his heart. Kouki made a small smile and answered 「There is no problem」.



Chief Donar looked slightly dubious, but he accepted it for the moment and pulled out his sword. Linden took several steps back.



「Then, I'm coming you know?」



「Anytime.」



A sudden gust blew instantly. No, more accurately it wasn't wind. A pressure that felt like that attacked Kouki. It was without a doubt the pressure from Donar. It wasn't pressure that was tilting at the negative side like killing intent. If he had to say then perhaps he should call it a pure fighting spirit.



It was too stern, it was too striking. Against that pressure of fighting intent that was heightened until the utmost limit, Kouki gulped unconsciously.



The disorder of his breathing might be seen through.



When he noticed, the soldier chief was right in front of him. At the same time a silver flash that approached to split him vertically into two was reflected in the corner of his sight.



It wasn't a movement with speed like Ground Shrinker. The chief's first movement was too natural that Kouki's awareness couldn't judge that he was being approached.



「-!?」



Even while feeling shaken against that terrifying technique, Kouki's body reflexively moved. He pulled back his right foot and shifted half his body behind while activating Ground Shrinker without going against his center of gravity that was tilting slightly behind.



The sword passed before his eyes, and next he backstepped in high speed to evade the pursuing attack that leaped at him like a living thing.



But, there,



「──<Jaw of Earth>」



A prayer resounded. The ground below the retreating Kouki's left and right flowed and the sandy land opened a large mouth.



The earth was molded and a huge thing like a bear trap was materialized, it must be a blessing art for restraining the target. Even if for example Kouki could dodge it, it was created by moving the surrounding sand so the ground below crumbled and broke his balance.



It was a plain and small scale blessing art, but it was actually unpleasantly effective.



Perhaps having anticipated that, chief Donar charged forward. He understood Linden's intention perfectly. They were truly in harmony.



Although,



「──<Light Blade>」



「Muh」



There wasn't really any problem if he cut it apart all together. The Jaw of Earth that was closing on him from left and right was bisected right into two by light element mid-level magic <Light Blade> that had its cutting power increased explosively.



Chief Donar who saw Kouki's holy sword that could even be said to be fantastically clad in light raised his voice spontaneously, but even then as expected from the soldier chief, he unleashed his attack without even the slightest pause or hesitation.



*gakin* A high pitched sound of clashing metals resounded. Kouki felt stunning impact spreading through his arm and the area around his eyes warped slightly.



It was a heavy attack. More than a mere physical strength.



The gaze of Kouki and chief Donar who was locking sword with each other met in very close range.



「……?」



Chief Donar knitted his eyebrows dubiously. But, that too was only for an instant.



「──<Sword of Sandstorm>」



What was produced right after that was twelve sand disks rotating in high seed. They were deployed to surround the taqrget and assaulted violently from every direction, at the same time chief Donar leaped back at the only path of escape that was behind him.



The encirclement of the sand disks was tight, it didn't look like it could be broken out from. It was clear to see that the back of the target would be attacked using the opening when they dealt against one disk.



And so, Kouki escaped to above.



「──<Heaven Severance>」



Five layers of shining barrier materialized. One was used as foothold, and the others became floating shields around Kouki and blocked the attack of the sandstorm disks.



Considering that Kouki leaping up to the air was convenient, the other sandstorm disks attacked. It was clear that Kouki was thought to be unable to move midair.



Of course, Kouki used <Heaven Severance> to dodge that so there was no problem.



「Oo! Amazing!」



「He's flying!」



He wasn't "flying", until the end he was only "jumping", but the movement method using barrier to consecutively leaped midair might looked like flying if seen from the side. The soldiers and art users observing the battle raised their cheers.



「Midair movement using barrier as foothold, is it……. I see, the way of using it like that is……」



Linden also opened his eyes wide at that blindspot. However, he was still attacking fiercely with the sandstorm disks even then.



The sandstorm disks that Kouki should have evaded already returned like a Frisbee. From among the four approaching disks, Kouki blocked two using <Heaven Severance>, while cutting down the other two using his sword.



Kouki saw below him chief Donar was preparing some kind of "vow", and Linden starting to pray another blessing art further while manipulating the sandstorm disks and inside his heard he made tsukkomi 「That's just too merciless!」.



And then, before he could be attacked by Linden with even more number, he directed one hand at Linden from midair and,



「──<Air Hammer>」



He fired a shockwave magic. *dou* Such heavy and painful sound resounded, at the same time Linden's front was blown away. Linden might got a bad premonition by the time Kouki directed his arm at him because he already entered into an evasive maneuver, so he only ended up getting blown away.



Using that opening, Kouki let flew wind blade and shot down the sandstorm disks while entrusting his body to acceleration by gravity and rapidly approached chief Donar.



「──<Soul of Strife>-」



Blessing power from vow strengthened the flesh of chief Donar.



Instantly, chief Donar whose body was faintly shining blocked the flying kick (the falling from the sky version) Kouki launched using the flat of his blade. He firmly withstood the kick even while sliding on the ground leaving behind foot track on the ground.



「Haah!!」



「-」



Along with a loud scream of fighting spirit, the sword was swung and Kouki was sent flying. Kouki adjusted his posture midair and landed. Chief Donar approached Kouki with a speed that was incomparable from before.



The sword flash that was unleashed looked blurry with many layers. That was how fast the sword was.



Kouki blocked, repelled, or parried the attacks, handling well the surging wave-like offense of the soldier chief.



(Kuh, what skill-. I can manage the speed and power somehow-. But, this skill……he is at the same level with Meld-san!)



The deceased knight order leader who once acted like the classmates' older brother and taught him the fundamental of battle against human. In the end, Kouki was unable to match his sword skill even when he was turned into puppet.



The cheers of the soldiers became even louder. Their chief was pushing back the hero who was summoned from another world. Pride and trust uplifted their heart as a soldier.



But, on the other hand,



(Kuh, he isn't thrown off balance even when I'm using body reinforcement. What solid defense-. No, the terrifying thing might actually be his reflex speed, and the specs of his body-)



Chief Donar was also astonished against Kouki who used pure reflex and body strength to react against him no matter what kind of technique he used.



Of course, because this was a mock battle, although Donar was serious, but he wasn't using his full strength. Chief Donar was also still leaving enough spare for his body reinforcement.



But, even so, looking at Kouki who in a glance wasn't using any reinforcement, against him who was unable to land a single hit even with the reinforcement was something vexing as a warrior.



Furthermore,



「There-」



「What-」



A counterattack was unleashed toward chief Donar. The horizontal slash approaching his torso was blocked by chief Donar using his sword as shield. Donar had no intention at all of leaving opening, but it seemed that in this short time Kouki had obtained a slight "familiarity" against chief Donar's swordplay.



A stir occurred. The soldiers opened their eyes wide seeing the offense of chief Donar was stopped.



Kouki's counterattack was further──



That was how it supposed to be, but there the sword attack from the torso toward the neck became strangely dulled. Naturally, such sword attack wouldn't work against chief Donar, instead it was Kouki who received a tackle.



Seeing the opponent was instead stepping forward when his attack was midway toward the opponent's vital spot, Kouki's eyes opened wide while he leaped backward and rearranged his posture.



「Can you deal against this? ──<Earth of Fury>」



Earth and rocks became an avalanche that assaulted Kouki who was distanced from chief Donar. If Kouki was a bit further away then the scale of the attack was about five meter in length and width, but when the attack was deployed at close range it was like a giant tidal wave that covered his whole field of vision.



「tsu, this place is to be a sanctuary, god's enemy won't pass──<Sacred Severance>!」



Kouki's chanting was over at the same time when the avalanche swallowed him.



Kouki's figure became not visible and the surrounding was covered by cloud of sand.



「……He, head art user. You overdid it.」



「Using that in mock battle is……」



The art users were flustered. It seemed it was a powerful blessing art that wasn't really used for mock battle at least. Naturally the blessing art's force was adjusted to a degree, but perhaps although this was the hero-sama, he might get at least an injury……the art users were sending anxious looks with such thought.



But, their concern was needless.



「Hou, even that kind of barrier! Splendid!」



Linden spontaneously spoke a praise.



Inside the cleared up cloud of sand, Kouki was standing unharmed inside a shining half-sphere barrier.



The <Sacred Severance> also vanished at the same time when the sand cloud cleared. Chief Donar tried to charge at that timing but,



「──Sky Soaring Flash!」



「Uoh」



A slash of light flew and blew up the ground below chief Donar. Chief Donar stumbled due to the impact and sand pebbles.



After staring still at the scar crated from the slash of light for a while, chief Donar showed a speechless expression. And then, he turned toward Linden who was doing the next prayer and told him to stop by making fist.



「……Kouki-dono. Let's stop this here. I have seen enough of Kouki-dono's magic and way of fighting. No, it's truly splendid! I never thought that we won't be able to land a hit even with the two of us!」



Chief Donar sheathed his sword while laughing cheerfully. Linded nodded deeply while stopping his prayer, and then cheers were raised simultaneously from all the soldiers and art users.



It seemed everyone was excited about the splendid mock battle where they were able to see unknown magic in that short but deep battle. They all were really excited that their leaders were unable to reproach them. Many mouths were saying out praise toward Kouki's fight.



「Err……thank you very much, for the mock battle.」



Kouki smiled wryly while sheathing his holy sword. He was a little bit puzzled because it felt like it started suddenly and also ended suddenly.



Chief Donar was conforming with the soldiers' feeling while giving order to them to train even more diligently so to not lose with the hero-dono, and then he slowly walked toward Kouki.



And then, with an expression that looked somewhat lost, as though he was worrying of what words he should use,



「……Kouki-dono. Kouki-dono is──」



Donar was about to say something, but he then held his tongue and looked around briefly. And then, he approached even nearer to say something in small volume.



At that moment,



「BAA──────NN!! This is your good neightbour-, maybe! Kooneee!」



「Nuwah!? Your highness-!?」



「Hiih!? Koone-sama again!?」



The soldier chief and hero jumped up while hugging each other harmoniously.



When they dropped their gaze, below them there was a little girl standing still in banzai position with unchanging wide smile. Really, what elusiveness she had there.



Although, Koone's smile was gradually changing into a wondering expression, and finally her expression turned complicated. While Kouki and chief Donar were tilting their head wondering what she was thinking, Koone was,



「……Koone don't have any prejudice. None at all but……Hero-sama and Donar are a bit……Koone feels like knowing something that cannot be known.」



Saying that, she stared alternately at Kouki and Donar with an upward gaze.



There the two noticed. The great shock caused Kouki and Donar to be still hugging each other. Both of them screamed 「GYAAAAAAAH」 together and jumped back. And then, they desperately appealed at Koone that she was making a terrible misunderstanding.



「……Koone understand. Yes, Koone really understand.」



Koone was showing the two an expression of kindness that they had never seen from her before. Chief Donar's face became demonic. Koone instantly changed the topic.



「Hero-sama, chief, as well as the head art user, please return to the palace right away.」



Koone's words that were spoken with a serious atmosphere made Kouki tilted his head while the expression of chief Donar and Linden turned grave.



They were immediately led to Moana's office right after they returned to palace.



Inside the office, other than Moana and Spenser, there was a grandpa who looked like he would croak anytime, the head civil official Bruitt Cube whose body was quaking continuously. His eyelids were mostly closed too, so it made one felt suspense that he might be falling anytime.



「Ojii-chan! I brought hero-sama and others here! Please praise Koone!」



After saying that, of all things to do Koone leaped on Bruitt's back.



Kouki raised his voice 「Ah」. 'What are you going to do if he got smashed up like glasswork with that', such thinking caused a hair-rising emotion to well up from inside.



But, Bruitt who seemed to detect Koone leaping at him waved his hand slowly, right at that moment Koone rotated once midair and her momentum was nullified, without pause she then landed on the ground lightly with her feet.



(I, I have seen that before this! That's the aikido technique Nagumo used when dodging Myuu-chan's tackle(hug)!)



This time Kouki shuddered from a different meaning. It was a movement that was exactly the same like the demon king-sama when he parried with one hand Myuu who was being playful with a force that was a bit unbecoming for a little girl.



It seemed the grandpa head civil official who looked like he would croak anytime was actually an aikido master.



Perhaps it was a usual sight because no one was paying any mind to it.



「Koone-sama. If gramps remember correctly, it should be a subordinate who I sent to call them here?」



Those were scolding words that implicitly called on her repeated willful sneakiness. From the gap of the eyelids that should be mostly closed with only thin opening, dangerous eyes were peeking out with a glare.



「The matter might be a race with time! Now, let's quickly move to the main topic! Let's do that!」



Koone changed the topic with all her might. And then, she turned the brunt of the matter to her big sister with all her might.



Moana was twitching from the stare of the eyes behind Bruitt's narrow eye slits while nodding at the correctness of Koone's words. She cleared her throat.



「The reason I asked all of you to gather here lies in the letter that arrived just now, carried by the messenger from Arcnet territory.」



After saying that, she fluttered a letter with its seal opened to show them.



「Your majesty. Where is the messenger?」



Linden titled his head in puzzlement seeing that the essential messenger who brought the letter here was not in attendance. Bruitt was the one who answered.



「He entrusted the letter and then fainted after giving a simple explanation of the situation. It seemed he rushed here with almost no rest at all. I have him rest in another room. It seemed he was running the whole time until here through a distance of two and half days in just one day.」



「That's……」



Linden hummed in amazement hearing about that extremely reckless journey. At the same time the graveness in his expression increased.



「In other words, some kind of emergency situation is happening in Arcnet?」



Chief Donar asked with a grave expression.



Arcnet territory was in the west territory where the desert cut off, it was a territory that was located the nearest to Synclea kingdom's capital. It was an important base on top of being the territory that carried food and other materials to the capital that became a battlefield, also Arcnet territory itself also possessed a vast grain-producing area. It was an important food supply center.



For a messenger to come from that Arcnet territory in emergency brought nothing but bad premonition.



Moana read aloud the content of the letter.



「According to Rothko's report, a part of the grain-producing region seem to dry up.」



「tsu, that's, however……」



Chief Donar who almost spoke 'impossoble' against his better judgment held his tongue in hurry.



In this world, when one heard the phenomenon of "dried up", they would link connect the event to the existence of miasma no matter what.



However, there should be no way for the <Dark Being> to invade at the west territory that was abundant with nature. After all monitoring force was placed at the desert area and the capital, at the northern sea and southern mountain range area to prevent that.



Message method using wind from blessing art was swift, and there was no report of any strangeness that had reached Moana yet, based from that it was difficult to think that the <Dark Being> managed to infiltrate.



But, in reality a phenomenon of crops drying out had occurred, from that it was the height of folly to discard the possibility easily.



The letter from feudal lord Rothko who was entrusted with Arcnet territory by Moana also reported that the existence of <Dark Being> wasn't confirmed.



Seeing chief Donar holding his tongue, Moana continued speaking.



「The cause is unknown. But, it seems that from some time ago there was the inclination that the growth of crops was slow, I receive the report with that gist. Thinking that perhaps the fertility of the land is decreasing, I consulted Bruitt and thought to dispatch Koone at the time when the weather change but……」



It became an event that wasn't at the level of fertility decreasing because of growing crops too much, that was how it was.



「We have to deal with this quickly and investigate the cause. Arcnet's grain-producing region becoming no good is also a problem that we cannot shut our eyes to, but more than that, if the cause made this case grow until where we lose Arcnet itself, that will be unacceptable.」



In a manner of speaking, it was like the front line base losing its food warehouse. Of course, as an insurance there were also other multiple territories that shouldered the role as relay point of the food supply that supported the capital.



Even in the case that Arcnet was crushed, the capital wouldn't go down.



It wouldn't, but. Even so the hard blow of the region that boasted the greatest efficiency getting crushed should at least shake the capital. That "shake" would become a certain opening.



And above all else, there wasn't even a shred of reason to leave alone the people behind them that they should protect.



「Therefore, Koone.」



「Yes, Onee-chan. It will be fine if Koone go and regenerate the dried up land right? Koone will also search for the cause while I'm at it!」



「Yeah, I'll count on you, Koone-ta──cough-, Koone. Save Arcnet.」



Koone put her hands on her waist and threw out her chest with a puff as though to say to leave it to her. Moana who almost broke into a slovenly wide smile seeing that cleared her throat and maintained her queen mode. Her gaze then moved around through chief Donar and others.



「This matter require urgency. I wish to say that it's impossible, but there is still the possibility of a few number of <Dark Being> infiltrating our rear.」



「We will share the information about Arcnet to the monitoring force of every places and all the neighboring territories, other than that it's best that we also send personnel to confirm directly.」



Chief Donar and Linden nodded together at the additional comment of Bruitt. In other words, they were told to select personnel that would be dispatched to every place from the soldier force and art user force.



「What about the guard for her highness? Will it be the royal guard?」



Commander Spenser nodded at the question of chief Donar.



「Yeah, I'll send the royal guard. From how the departure of her majesty to the spring was leaked, there is no way I can leave her majesty's side, but to replace me I'll organize an escort squad with the vice commander and Lilin to command it.」



The name of the royal guard's vice commander was Spike Haim. He was the personal pupil of commander Spenser, and also his adopted child. He was blessed with talent, and while he was still at the middle of his twenty, he was an able royal guard whose sword skill was said to be approaching Spenser.



And then, it went without saying about Lilin. She had the head of art user as her father, and she was a heroic woman who was chosen to be among the most elites of the royal guard in her age of sixteen. If an escort squad was organized from the elites of the royal guard's warrior with the command entrusted to these two who were top class as vanguard and rearguard, there would be a sense of security as suited the occasion.



Although, thinking about the case where Moana was attacked before this, there was still some uneasiness……



「In addition. Kouki. This is a personal request from me but……can I ask you to participate in the escort squad of Koone?」



「Eh? I, am?」



Kouki reflexively pointed at himself in shock. Moana nodded briskly at him.



「I dare say that this case is a disorder in the land's blessing power and not actually because <Dark Being> is penetrating in. Even if that is actually the case, they should be few in number. I believe that they could be dealt with just by the escort squad alone.」



「Then why……」



「In the case that few <Dark Being> possess ability beyond our anticipation or they are especially strong, Kouki's battle ability, other world magic, and then above all Kouki's special characteristic of "mostly unaffected by miasma" will be extremely reassuring. Of course, it will be dangerous compared to stay inside the protection of the capital, so I will prioritize Kouki's will in this……what will you do?」



This was a wish from a big sister that thought of her little sister. Some degree of danger would exist no matter where he was. As for Kouki, he found it really hard to refuse, and he also didn't especially have any reason to refuse. However, what made him hesitated was whether it was right or not for him who was seen as hero to leave the capital.



To speak further, even though there was no way the soldiers and people of capital wouldn't be affected if the hero who was especially summoned left outside, but even knowing that Moana made a judgment that prioritized her little sister. Kouki felt a delicate out of place feeling about that.



Which option was right……?



Kouki felt troubled, but chief Donar suddenly opened his mouth.



「Your majesty, while this is presumptuous of me, it seems that Kouki-dono is a bit hesitant so I wish to express something.」



「……I don't mind.」



「Then. ……Is your majesty trying to have Kouki-dono leave this capital temporarily, for his sake?」



「……」



Hearing chief Donar pointing that out, Moana reflexively held her tongue. Kouki went「Eh?」 and stared at Moana in surprise.



「If I'm allowed to speak my opinion that I based from the mock battle that we did just now, then indeed, perhaps it's better if Kouki-dono leave the capital temporarily.」



「Wha-. Do, Donar-san. Di, did I do something that displease you?」



「No, that's not it at all, Kouki-dono. Rather, my apologize but it's a reason of happenstance.」



Kouki titled his head in puzzlement of what Donar wanted to say. From the expression of Moana that he saw from the edge of his sight, he understood that somehow Moana seemed to have the same thinking with what chief Donar wanted to say.



Chief Donar told the bewildered Kouki.



「Kouki-dono is……having a strong rejection toward fighting. Am I wrong?」



「tsu, that's……」



Kouki was at lost for words that his innermost thought was guessed correctly.



「At first, I thought that Kouki-dono was unable to adjust your attack well because you tried to stop your strike just before it hit due to it being a mock battle, but I noticed in the middle. For Kouki-dono swinging weapon at the opponent……is something that you reject from the bottom of your heart.」



Chief Donar's words paused for a moment was likely because what he wanted to really say was different. That was to say he wasn't going to say "reject" but「scared」.



「But, the existence of hero is already known in the capital, especially among the soldiers it is well known. The expectation toward Kouki-dono will rise whether you want it or not. ……For Kouki-dono who know about the current condition of our country, surely that must feel heavy.」



「Such……thing is……」



He couldn't say that it wasn't true. In fact, he felt it so heavy that he wanted to run away without worrying about his reputation or appearance.



「It seem that her majesty also has noticed already. Therefore, I'm thinking how about Kouki-dono temporarily leave the capital where the expectation toward you is rising regardless of your wish, and using this chance where there is a reason of guarding her highness that everyone can understand, you can look around at the safe territory at the rear. Perhaps, her majesty also has the same thinking like me?」



Kouki looked at Moana.



Moana also looked at Kouki and she lowered her eyebrows with a troubled look. Her expression told him more eloquently than anything of what she was thinking. That the words of chief Donar was correct.



「Ko, Koone object. Hero-sama is an important person, so we should have him safely stay in the capital with its solid protection.」



Koone who wished for Kouki to take her big sister and escaped when push came to shove hated it if Kouki left Moana's side. As though to say「This is a detestable flow of event!」, she tried to have Kouki stay in the capital with a plausible official reason.



Toward such Koone, Moana talked at her with a face not as a queen, but as a big sister.



「Koone. You understand right? Kouki don't have any duty or responsibility toward this world at all. And yet with him being at the capital, how will the voice that ask him for that will reach him? Last night, Koone talked with Kouki was in order to convey to him by yourself that there is no such thing, right?」



「Tha, that's right but……」



Koone was a blackly scheming little girl, but it seemed that she couldn't win against her big sister. Her gaze wandered around to search for words but finally she let out a sigh and said「Can't be helped」.



「Don't worry, it's only a distance of a day if you seriously dash to here. Don't think of this that seriously, Kouki, you can just observe the really amazing territory that is abundant with nature in this world that you arrived at with great pain. Rather, this is a request from me rather than my consideration to you. Kouki, take a look at our country without fail. I will lose face as a queen if you only know about the desert and the capital of my country.」



After saying such thing, Moana showed a mischievous smile.



She said thing like request, but no matter how he saw it this was her being considerate. For Kouki too, staying behind in the capital while wracking his brain so much, thinking worriedly with irresolute mind about question without answer was also something he didn't want to do.



And above all,



「Without even looking, hearing, and feeling it myself, I'm not going to find the answer huh…..」



Kouki recalled the words that Koone said to him yesterday before she gave him a tour of the capital, and he resolved himself.



「I understand. I will join the escort squad. ……I'm thinking of going to see more about other place and people of this world.」



「Yeah, please do that without fail. What kind of feeling Kouki have toward this world, and what kind of conclusion that you reach, I want you to tell me when the time come.」



「Yes, Moana-sama. ……I'm sorry, about various things. Also, to everyone too, thank you very much.」



Everyone inside the office gave a small smile at Kouki's word of thanks.



Three hours later. Thanks to the preparation that progressed with tremendous speed, Koone and her escort squad, as well as Kouki departed straight toward Arcnet territory where the strange phenomenon occurred.



AN: Thank you very much for reading this every time.



Thank you very much too for the thoughts, opinions, and reports about misspelling and omitted words.





Chapter 271




The Arquette territory that was the nearest territory to the Synclea kingdom's capital. (TN: Last chapter I wrongly used Arcnet. The correct one is Arquette.)



Due to the notification that was sent by Rothko, the feudal lord of that territory, Koone party that hurriedly arranged their preparation in the same day and departed rushed their Arous until the sun set and dashed straight toward Arquette territory.



Be that as it may, currently when the curtain of night had completely fallen, as expected they hesitated to advance through the dangerous night desert while escorting a royalty, and with the words of Spike who was charged to be the guard captain, the party camped for the night.



The night of desert had a face that was completely different from the afternoon.



In the camping ground where simple protective wall could be created using blessing art, four tents that looked simple but quite large were set up. Things like the framework and so on could be just formed from the ground using blessing art, so a tent could be created with only curtain that was excellent in heat retention despite its thinness. It was a really comfortable space with spaciousness and moderate temperature.



At the center of those four tents was a bonfire blazing up to drive away the night darkness. The bonfire was also created using blessing art where a kettle was put on a simple cooking stove.



The dinner was also over, while a part of the guard squad was acting vigilance against the surrounding, the squad captain Spike and his vice captain Lilin, Koone and Anneal who was accompanying the group as Koone's personal lady attendant, and then Kouki, they were surrounding the bonfire.



Kouki accepted a warm drink that seemed like black tea (?) personally prepared by Anneal for after meal. He blinked when he put the drink into his mouth.



「……This is delicious. It's bitter, but it also has a faint sweetness. Also it smell nice.」



「Fufu, thank you for the compliment, Kouki-sama. It's extracted from the leaf of a fruit called paruru. It's nutritional value is high, and it also has the effect that warm the body, so it's a necessary drink for travel that is expecting desert at night. Although Koone-sama dislike it.」



「Uu, because it's bitter. It makes Koone forget the taste of the delicious dinner. This is a medicine. Koone won't recognize paruru tea as tea. Koone declare, that Koone won't recognize it!」



Spike smiled wryly at Koone's bitter expression and insistent assertion, while Lilin was chuckling smilingly.



Koone sometimes acted mature, and actually she was really a schemer, but it seemed that her tongue was normally childish. Bitter taste and astringent taste were her natural enemy.



Drinking paruru tea was a must, so she still drank it without any rejection, but she was drinking it bit by bit while making a grimacing face. That figure of hers was indeed charming.



「……What are you laughing at, hero-sama?」



「N, no, nothing.」



Koone glanced at Kouki with a sulky face. To that Kouki averted his face that was almost bursting into laughter. She was someone that was hard to deal with and carried out various schemes, but he couldn't hate her at all when he was showed her figure that was fitting of her age like this. Though, perhaps it was only Kouki being foolish.



Perhaps knowing that Kouki was holding his laughter, Koone was staring at him fixedly.



「Co, come to think of it, Spike-san is Spenser-san's child isn't it?」



Kouki had heard of it from Spenser already, but he didn't receive introduction of name and job before the departure from the person himself, so Kouki tried to ask for changing the topic.



Spike smiled wryly sensing Kouki was escaping using him while answering.



「Yes, we aren't related by blood though. It was a honor, or perhaps I should say a fortune, that when I was still a kid, it was discovered that I who lost my family to <Dark Being> attack had talent for sword, and I was welcomed as an adopted son.」



「Ah, I'm sorry……」



「No no. There is no need to feel apprehension like that. Because it's not something rare to lose relative or friend from the attack of <Dark Being>.」



Saying that, Spike smiled brightly as though telling him that he really wasn't offended.



This young man possessed brown short hair and eyes. His age was 24 years old, but his trained body and the scars carved on his body, and then the atmosphere he was clad in told Kouki that this was a first class warrior.



His features didn't resemble Spenser, but the sharpness as warrior that he could caught glances of within his eyes was exactly like his adopted father, so he could accept it if he was told that the two were parent and child.



Although Spike told him to not mind it, but Kouki's expression turned awkward due to his careless topic change where he heard that this person was an adopted child.



「Hero-sama, you don't have any delicacy! Koone think that hero-sama has no delicacy!」



「Uguuh」



「Even all of Koone's family except Onee-chan had died, Anneal's grandpa and Lilin's mother also passed away at the previous battle. Aa, it hurts! Koone and also everyone are really hurt!」



「I, I'm sorry. I have been told often how I don't have delicacy. I'm really sorry!」



「Koone is big hearted, so apology accepted. However, forgiving for "free" is just……」



While showing her tolerance by saying that, Koone slowly held out the cup that she had drank half.



The formidable enemy of children tongue──paruru tea.



……It seemed that her limit had came after defeating about half the content. Surely she was telling him to drink it in her place also for revenge how she was getting laughed at just now.



Guessing the intention of Koone who was holding out her cup smilingly at him, Kouki smiled wryly while accepting the cup but,



「Kouki-sama. Please don't spoil Koone-sama too much. Also, the one who doesn't has delicacy is Koone-sama.」



「Ouch ouch ouch ouch-. Annee─all, please stop stretching Koone's cheeks! Koone is whrongg! Soryyyyy-」



Shockingly, Anneal was pinching Koone's cheeks *mugyuu-* with a nice smile on her face. Koone was apologizing with teary eyes while taking back the cup she was holding out.



Kouki was feeling chilly wondering whether it was okay that she laid her hands on a royalty. Lilin who was watching Anneal and Koone smilingly opened her mouth toward him.



「Anneal-san is the attendant of Moana-sama and Koone-sama since they were children, so they are practically like sisters. Anneal-san's grandpa was the art user head of the previous generation, and he was a close aide that was heavily trusted by the previous king. My father was the direct pupil of Anneal-san's grandfather you know?」



「Linden-san was……」



Most likely, the granddaughter of a trusted confidant was the best choice for the playing partner of sisters who were the king's daughters. The lack of reservation that Anneal sometimes showed, and the love that she directed toward Moana and Koone which was more than expected from a lady attendant must had came from that, Kouki thought.



But, there a doubt suddenly emerged. The daughter of the present art user head Linden, Lilin was as expected playing an active role as an art user. Then, why was Anneal who was the granddaughter of the previous generation art user head wasn't an art user?



Perhaps, like the combat maids that a certain demon king was placing in the side of princess Liliana to protect her while he wasn't at her side, keeping it a secret from the person herself, Anneal might be actually absurdly strong even while being a lady attendant?……thinking that, Kouki stared at Anneal with a shivering expression.



By the way, the ten maid-san who were selected after their loyalty and ability were ascertained received special training straight from the demon king, and after that they were also getting training camp at Hauria clan's place, and their strength, inside, presence manipulation, etc. were demonically remodeled. In addition, they were armed with artifact class hidden weapons that were the demon king's quality product, if compared with the active duty knight, even alone they were at the level that could crush even enemies at battalion scale……



Kouki who was made to realize the truth of the true state of affairs of that (or rather he was made to accompany them with training on occasion. He thought he was going to die……) was always desperately enduring the tsukkomi that wanted to get out of his mouth when he was talking with Liliana at place like her office and so on.



'That person who is smiling gracefully behind you right now──her inside is a hyahha person, and throughout her body is loaded with awful hidden weapons all over you know'……such tsukkomi. 'Their splendid conduct of diluting their presence so as to not be a distraction for their master──is actually directly taught to them by those dangerous head-reaping rabbits you know?', he wanted to say.



Of course, if he actually said such thing then his head would go *flop*, so he absolutely wouldn't say it.



Anneal who seemed to read Kouki's question from his gaze made a wry smile while answering.



「I don't have the talent in blessing art to the degree that I can enter the art user force.」



「I, is that so……」



「Fufu. Your expression turn awkward again, but please don't mind it.」



Kouki tightened his expression thinking that he had done it again. Anneal directed a kind expression to such Kouki. And then, she formed words with a gaze that was looking at a little far away.



「At the past, I also dreamed to become an art user like grandfather. One that wouldn't falter against any kind of harmful enemy, using that strength to repel them, protecting the royal family, my comrade, and then the people……」



When Anneal's gaze returned to Kouki, she spoke with her cheeks reddening looking slightly embarrassed.



「For me my grandfather, was a hero.」 (TN: The word hero here in the raw doesn't use 'yuusha/the brave', but actually 'hero')



「Hero……」



Suddenly, at the back of Kouki's mind the figure of his grandfather──Amanogawa Kanji emerged.



Kouki who was a grandpa boy idolized that person so much, he was a hero for Kouki.



He had never directly watched the figure of Kanji doing his work, but each time he came playing to his grandpa's house he asked his grandpa to tell him numerous tales of Kanji's experience as a capable lawyer.



Kanji who was a main character that done good and punished evil in his tales that was overflowing with human drama was truly the aspiration for Kouki, the "ideal image" that he someday would aim for.



「I cannot become like my grandfather, when I understood that, I was a bit, no, honestly speaking I was really down.」



「……How, did you come to accept it in the end?」



Unable to become the self he wanted to become──he was able to imagine such shock, and the negative emotion that welled up with it. That was exactly why he got curious. He wondered, how was she able to smile brightly right now?



「Because even though I cannot become my ideal self, life is continuing.」



Those words were calm, but nevertheless they felt powerful. In those words, there weren't resignation toward something that couldn't be helped residing in it, but an earnest will to be more positive.



Kouki was at a loss for words. For some reason he didn't know what he should say.



In the place of Kouki who had no words, Spike spoke with a gentle expression.



「I heard that Anneal-dono's ability as a lady attendant is the best. If she doesn't go outside to accompany her majesty and her highness, it's possible for her to become the head of maid even in this young age. Besides, although her blessing art's power and scale are insufficient, but it seems her detailed control is rivaling even head Linden. Her personality is also great, with a lot of people seeing Anneal-dono as the ideal woman. With you realizing your own ideal, it's very hard to catch up to you. Please, I wish that you will stop at your current charm.」



「……Spike-dono.」



Anneal's expression became very troubled.



As though to represent her feeling,



「Spike. That's a great guts you have there to hit on Koone's Anneal in the middle of a duty! Koone think, that it's a great guts you have there. ……Koone will report it to Spenser when we get home.」



「Wha-, Koone-sama! I, I don't have such intention!」



Spike who was starting to hastily make desperate excuse, and Koone who toyed with him half teasingly, and half seriously speaking 「Koone won't hand over Anneal!」. And then, there was Anneal who was watching over that with an even more troubled look.



The occurrence of the small chaos caused the guards who were standing guard against the surrounding, preparing for tomorrow, or taking rest to watch the ruckus with half smile.



Beside Kouki who was watching while thinking 'no matter where they are, getting involved with Koone will turn into chaos huh', Lilin got closer to him and whispered into his ear in amusement.



「Vice captain Spike has a straightforward personality, perhaps because he is raised by captain Spenser. He is too straightforward that his words also came out straightforwardly, I too has thought several times before you know, is this person hitting on me? Like that.」



Kouki wondered why, he was feeling a déjà vu at this.



「He, hee……is that so. By any chance, is there a lot of women that he do that to?」



「Right right. Exactly. Once it became a bloodbath, and at that time it finally made him became self aware that he ought to re-examine his own speech and conduct, so recently he tried to choose his words carefully, but sometimes he did this out of nowhere. Because of that, it's like the value of his needless words increased, or the vice captain's poisonous fang toward the female who received the out of nowhere words is……」



「That's really……」



At the back of Kouki's mind, his ponytail childhood friend came out, pushing away his grandfather that was emerging to the surface until now. And then, that childhood friend was directing an exasperated gaze to himself.



Kouki's feeling became unable to endure that gaze for even a second longer, and unconsciously inside his heard he yelled 「Right now is different! I'm properly paying attention to my action and speech! It's true!」, he repeated his justification like a little brother whose mischief got found out by the big sister. The same like Spike in front of his eyes.



「By the way, his poisonous fang is sometimes toward the male too……」



「That way too!?」



「Kouki-sama. Please be careful okay?」



「To what!? No, I understand what you want to tell me though!」



「Currently he is still being a bit withdrawn because of his reservation toward Kouki-sama who is the hero, but vice captain's act toward male is unreserved originally, so if by any chance he is coming on to you persistently, please speak to him clearly.」



「Speaking, about what……」



「Of course, speak your rejection. By the way as for me, if it's now I understand that he isn't actually hitting on me but, at the time I was normally thinking 『This guy is seriously annoying huh』, and I spoke really harsh words to him. But vice captain only got a bit down before he immediately got back on his feet, so I wish that Kouki-sama won't mince your words, it's better if you will tell him things that you don't want to say. After all vice captain, he has a side that is a bit dull in human relationship.」



Kouki shuddered in fright.



Not toward Spike's weak point (lol). But toward Lilin's words 「This guy is seriously annoying huh」 that came from her heart.



Lilin Stole. She was selected as royal guard's art user at sixteen, a young talented woman to the degree that she was selected to have captain status at temporary sortie. Her long brown hair that looked similar with Kouki was tied into twintail (she said it was to make it easier to feel the wind or something), her physical feature also left a bit of immaturity, so she looked younger than her age.



Her brown eyes that were attached with long eyelashes were shining powerfully with self-confidence and resolve, while she was slender, her limbs that depicted feminine curve was charming.



Looking objectively, she was a high level beauty.



That beautiful girl was saying 「This guy is seriously annoying huh」 while smiling brightly in amusement……



Kouki tried to ask her with a feeling of seeing something scary.



「By the way, Lilin-san……what did you say to Spike-san?」



Lilin who was staring in puzzlement at Kouki, without any particular shyness or intention to hide anything,



「──『If you say revolting thing even more than that while we are in the middle of training, I'm going to chop up your balls you know?』 was what I said though?」



「……」



From the back of Kouki's mind, the first wife of the demon king appeared with his ponytail childhood friend getting chased out. Her hand was in the shape of finger gun. It was beyond obvious what she was going to shoot at. After all she was the smasher who mass-produced manly woman……



Why was it the females that Kouki were acquainted with were all totally peculiar like this he wondered.



Even his one other girl childhood friend who was supposed to be a soothing person, without noticing it when he realized she had hannya coming out on her back, and not just that when he noticed she now became able to attack at man's vital place without any hesitation.



An unknown helplessness shook Kouki in shivers.



Lilin who seemed to perceive that shaking of Kouki to be fear, or rather from feeling creeped up toward herself then made excuse a bit impatiently.



「No, see here. I too am not someone who is normally saying something like that you know? My motto is being combat ready at all times. My hobby is training. My dream for the future is to stand in the lead of extermination battle.」



Those words that were unsuitable to be coming from a girl of her age, were words that could easily be shut out by the current Kouki who somehow remembered of the many teaching to select his words carefully that was beaten up to him by his childhood friend.



And then that seemed to be the correct action for him to take.



Lilin proudly puffed up her chest and continued her words.



「Because, I was born for the sake of fighting. Not for being protected and also not for love, but for the sake of fighting to protect all those.」



She was born as a fighter. She was convinced of that. That was why, she didn't need words that would make teenage girl happy. If someone was going to praise her, then she wanted to be praised for the skill she had acquired, not her look. She didn't want praise for her hair and style, or her clothing or personality, but praise to her achievement of protecting something.



It depended on each person of how to feel toward those words that came from a girl in the middle of her teens. If it was people of a peaceful world, perhaps they would pity her thinking that those were sad words.



As for Kouki……she looked dazzling to him. Of that figure that was convinced of her own existence and pushed forward undauntedly.



「Lilin-san, you are really cool.」



「Heh?」



Lilin was surprised at Kouki who gave words of praise toward herself who threatened his superior that she would chop up his balls when that superior was praising her.



Kouki praised after they were talking about Spike, so for a moment, Lilin wondered whether he was making fun of her, but looking at Kouki's expression, she immediately changed her thinking. There was envy emerging on Kouki's expression.



That was why, Lilin then,



「……Thank you very much.」



Those were words of praise that made her happy after so long outside of the words of praise about her skill mastery and battle result from her seniors and Linden. She thanked Kouki back a bit bashfully.



「……Hero-sama. That's a great guts you have there to make a pass on Koone's Lilin. As expected, here Koone need to report to Spenser and others that hero-sama messed around with Koone──」



「Koone-sama's possession is a lot! Or rather, I'm not making a pass to her at all! Enough with this, can I please ask you to stop speaking those words without any basis and yet can possibly become fatal to me!?」



Koone was looking!



'While I am dealing with Spike who is making excuse, this son of a bitch is making a pass at Lilin whose age is relatively close to me and is a good friend!' That fixed stare seemed to be saying something like that!



Kouki moved his gaze at Lilin to ask for help, but Lilin was already taking a bit of distance from Kouki and she was staring at far away direction. Her secret talk to Kouki about Spike was also over, so now she hated to become a target for that kind of talk and seemed to attempt to persist to not get dragged into it.



'Really, there is just too many people with strong peculiarity among my female acquaintances!' Kouki yelled that inside his heart.



But, he suddenly thought. Although Moana-sama was a siscon, a thickheaded person toward the emotion of the animal she was keeping, and some other various things, but he was able to spend warm time with her really normally…….such thought.



The positivity level inside Kouki toward Moana rose sharply.



At the same time he thought.



Toward Spike and other guards who were tilting their head saying 「Messing around like what?」, Koone suggestively said 「Yesterday, on the bed, with Onee-chan and Koone and Spenser at the same time, hero-sama was──」 , where hearing that Spike shudderingly said 「Not just the royal sisters, he even brought my adopted father to the bed with him!?」. Koone was watching that with complacent smile. Kouki's thought from seeing such Koone was,



──'This small gangster. I've got to do something about her quick'



For the time being, in order to refill his paruru tea that was going to run out after a bit more, Kouki extended his hand toward the kettle hurriedly.



Next day. Just a bit before the sun reached its zenith at the sky, it came into view.



What could be seen from above a conspicuously large sand hill was a line of sand color and green color like a horizon being drawn. At the other side of the end of desert, there was a grass field spreading as far as the eye could see.



「This place is the end of desert……」



「It's also the end of the battlefield. Fufu, hero-sama. Your eyes are opened really wide!」



World of desert──such impression was carved into Kouki's head. For such Kouki, the vast grassland where weeds were growing thickly and the verdant mountains that could be seen at far away deep in the southwest side made him couldn't help but felt moved emotionally. He was able to strongly feel it for real, that this was exactly what Moana and others were desperately protecting.



Seeing Kouki's emotional face, not just Koone, but even the guards and Anneal were letting out amused chuckles. There was even pride vaguely emerging on their expression.



Kouki who became embarrassed scratched his cheek awkwardly and asked to divert attention from him.



「Arquette is located ahead of this grassland?」



「Yes, hero-sama. At this pace we should be able to see it around noon.」



Spike's arous climbed down the sand hill in the lead.



Like that when they stepped into the grassland, Kouki felt right away as though the air changed. It was a mysterious sensation, but it felt as though he moved from a quiet place right into the middle of a festival, a sensation of his heart boiling strongly.



Now he got it. So this was the difference between a "death land" and a "living land"……Kouki comprehended. The mysterious sensation that felt like extending through his skin surely must be the breath of life. This was surely what it meant by a place that was overflowing with blessing power.



All the arous were also advancing with somewhat pleasant steps. They advanced in such mood for a bit less than an hour.



Just like Koone said, by the time the sun reached the zenith, they came to see a splendid protective wall that was obvious even when seen from afar.



「That's Arcquette you know, hero-sama. The protective wall made us unable to see from here, but at the other side there is grain-producing region spreading. Right now is the time for the crop to ripen up, so Koone think that it will be really impressive to see!」



They advanced for a while listening to Koone's information guidance. Several silhouettes came out from Arcquette's direction. They were heading here rapidly by riding arous. It seemed the Arcquette's side also came out to confirm and greet Koone party.



The person advancing at the lead was a female with very short blonde hair, sharp blue eyes, and domineering air. She was wearing warrior equipment and five soldiers were following behind her.



「Excuse our impoliteness in your presence. I am Arcquette's vigilance corps captain, Ivana Borgia. We are here to welcome your highness.」



It seemed the one who introduced herself with really clear voice was the leader of the private army of Arcquette territory. It seemed that she was a person that Koone and others were well acquainted with because Koone replied with a broad smile.



「Long time no see isn't it, Ivana! Koone came to visit!」



「Yes, it has been a long time, Koone-sama. I never thought that your arrival will be beyond fast like this, I am slightly surprised.」



Koone hopped down and greeted. Ivana also smiled gently seeing that. She gave a cold feel from her first impression, but the gaze she was looking at Koone with was very kind. She was a beauty who stole people's eye in addition with that gap too.



「There is no way we won't rush here after getting told that there is abnormality in Arcquette's land. After all Koone exist for that sake.」



「Thank you very much, Koone-sama. Now, our lord is waiting. Let's go.」



Kouki reflexively stared once more at Koone who was acting seriously. He averted his eyes when Koone looked back at him with a really nice smile while saying 「Is there something?」. While feeling embarrassed from getting snickered at by Anneal and Lilin, he entered into the city of Arcquette led by the vigilance corps.



「I never dreamed that your arrival will be beyond fast like this. My greatest gratitude for this swift response, your highness.」



Koone and others were led to the reception room of the feudal lord. The people of the guard squad were standing by in another room, but only Spike, Anneal, and then Kouki were accompanying Koone.



Like that they were enjoying the tea that was served to them for a few minutes. And the first voice that came out from the mouth of the feudal lord who was rushing into the room was that.



Rothko looked like he was still at the middle of his thirty, however, he was a person that was endowed with the appearance as a feudal lord. His moderate length dark blue hair had swept back style and he was wearing a monocle. If one had to say he was slender, and from a glance one could see that he was a civil officer rather than a soldier.



Behind him there was a woman that looked lady-like, with her strong-willed eyes expression making her distinctive. Her long blonde hair was beautifully arranged, and including her bearing, elegance could be felt from her.



「Dear……」



Rothko's arm was pulled by that woman as though to chide him. Rothko came to his sense suddenly that he was acting too impatient. He changed his expression and fell on his knee in order to perform his greeting against a royalty.



「It has been a long time isn't it, Rothko. Also Syla. There is no need for any stiff greeting. Rather than that, please speak in detail regarding the content of your letter.」



For Kouki whose mind couldn't let go no matter what the impression of Koone's audacious behavior in the capital, as expected, he felt an intense discomfort seeing the speech and act of Koone that was really like a royalty. With a perceptiveness that was at the level of esper, Koone sent a glance at Kouki so he maintained his poker face.



Rothko smiled wryly saying 「I beg your pardon」 while standing up from his difficult posture. He then sat down on the sofa inside the room. Syla sat down following him.



「Hero-sama. This is Arcquette's feudal lord──Rothko Arcquette, and his wife Syla Arcquette.」



「It's an honor to meet the two of you, I am called Amanogawa Kouki.」



The gaze of Rothko and Syla turned toward the unfamiliar young man, so when Koone introduced him, the feudal lord couple both opened their eyes wide from hearing Koone's way of calling Kouki.



「Some time ago, there was a notification coming about the oracle that Foltina-sama summoned an existence that was called a hero but……to think that it's true. It's an honor for me to catch sight of you, hero-dono.」



It seemed that they were notified beforehand only about the possibility of the summon of an existence called hero. Rothko nodded in understanding and introduced himself politely.



In panic Kouki appealed his wish to Rothko to not act so humble toward him, and so that he called him by name.



And then, Koone told them that Kouki was accompanying her also with the objective of widening his view about this world, and after that the talk finally touched the topic of the letter.



「Then, Rothko. The letter mentioned about the crops drying up though……」



「Yes, your highness. We first confirmed it about a week ago when we received the report.」



According to Rothko's explanation that started after he said that, it seemed that from some time ago the growth of the crops was obviously slow. The growth of this world's plants was very fast due to blessing power. Therefore, if the growth slowed it would quickly become obvious.



Be that as it may, it was something natural, and it wasn't like there wasn't precedent of the land's fertility decreasing temporarily before. They sent report to the capital, and if they saw no improvement they would ask Koone to come, it was a problem at the level where they were allowed to deal with it leisurely like that.



But, a matter occurred a week ago where they couldn't be leisurely like that.



In an area where a gold colored carpet was spreading due to the grain plants' tip ripening, there were withering plants making it like a gaping hole was opened in the carpet of plants……



There was no such natural phenomenon that had ever been observed until now.



It was also possible that in that place there might be <Dark Being> that was clad in miasma which caused that, but in that case there should be a track──track like a path of plants dried up without any vitality──of the perpetrator's intrusion stretching until the center of the grain-producing region, however, such trace was nonexistent.



If it was possible, there was only the possibility of the perpetrator dropping from the sky, but in that case where was the falling <Dark Being> going to then?



Naturally, there was no trace of intrusion moving in toward the grain-producing region, so there was also no trace of the intruder going out.



Just in case, the vigilance corps searched the surrounding in full force, but they didn't find even a speck of shadow of the <Dark Being>.



While they were doing that, the dried up land was increasing bit by bit.



Because of that, if the cause of that wasn't <Dark Being>, they judged that this must be an abnormality in the blessing power, something that they weren't able to manage by themselves anymore, and Rothko reported it to the royal family and asked for help.



「I see, Koone don't get it at all!」



「Yo, your highnessss」



For some reason Koone decisively said such thing with a smug look. Rothko's eyebrows hung down dejectedly at that. Syla's expression also turned troubled.



Koone added on her speech as though to calm down the feudal lord spouses who were like that.



「There is no precedent of such phenomenon, so Koone doesn't understand of the cause just from listening to it. Going to the scene a hundred times! Investigating by foot! The matter about land can just be asked right from the land! And it's not like the cause really have to be known, the research of the cause can be postponed for later and it's fine if Koone just regenerate the land's blessing power for now.」



「It will be great if the land can be regenerated but……」



'The incident doesn't occur inside this room, it's occurring in the actual scene!' saying that, Koone swiftly stood up and demanded for guide to the location. Seeing that shocking lightness of footwork, the feudal lord spouses, and even Anneal and others who should be used to Koone's attitude were making a really speechless expression.



As for Kouki, in his own way he secretly made tsukkomi 「Are you a self-made detective huh!」 inside his heart. Recently, he felt like he had became a remarkable straight-man character but……



Kouki chose to not think deeply of that.



The grain-producing region spreading at the west of Arquette city was turned into a really splendid gold colored carpet. Perhaps it was wheat or a plant that was similar with that. The plentifully ripe plant tip was rustling from the wind, the scenery of the whole area swaying rustlingly gave anyone watching a feeling that couldn't be described.



At place like 【Ur City】, it was also near 【Nort Mountain Range Area】, so Kouki often visited the place for monster extermination. There was vast rice cultivation area nearby that city, so this was a scenery that he was familiar with but……



Rather, it was that point of familiarity that was giving permeating feeling into Kouki's heart.



That was why, Kouki's eyes were fixed excessively at what he saw.



At the existences of gaping wide hole of withering crops everywhere, as though there were insect swarm chewing at those spots, or perhaps like failed work of mysterious circles.



The figure of the crops that lost their golden shine, rotting on the ground with discoloration caused him a melancholy that was comparable with the deep emotion that he felt before.



Kouki and others arrived at a spot that was withering in consciously larger size. At the center of dried ground in circle shape with diameter about 5 meter.



「Your highness, how is it?」



Rothko asked with a grave expression. Koone didn't answer right away, she was staring at the ground with an expression so serious that Kouki had never seen from her before. And then, she suddenly went down on her knees, and her hand softly caressed the ground as though in sympathy.



「……Certainly, blessing power is gone from this place. It's in the verge of turning into desert. There is blessing power from the surrounding land, so even now the blessing power is flowing in bit by bit to recover the land.」



「That's……then, it will go back to before someday even if we left it alone?」



「Yes. Koone think so.」



Rothko and Syla, and then Ivana and others, the vigilance corps members who were accompanying them sighed in relief and tension left their soldiers. Syla timidly asked.



「Does your highness understand the cause?」



Koone slowly shook her head to the side still with a difficult expression. It seemed she was saying that the cause was unknown. And then, as though choosing her words carefully, she opened her mouth.



「This way of drying up, the way the blessing power is lost. ……It's really similar when miasma poured down, and <Dark Being> absorbed the blessing power. Koone think, that it's similar.」



「However……your highness. If this is the doing of <Dark Being>……」



There was not a single trace of <Dark Being> being here except of the dried land phenomenon. It was as though the perpetrator suddenly appeared in that spot like a ghost before suddenly vanishing, but……



No one had ever seen or heard about such phenomenon.



Certainly, surveillance and security were carried out at night, but this was a vast grain producing region. It was impossible to illuminate everywhere with light, because of that even if for example <Dark Being>, or perhaps something else was materializing at that spot in midnight, there was high possibility that no one would notice.



But, in that case then why was that intruder appeared and then vanished without causing anything……



How did the intruder vanish……



As expected, it was natural to think of this as the land's abnormality……



Koone also nodded again at Rothko's thinking.



「For the time being, Koone will try <Regeneration>.」



If perhaps the cause that made blessing power was lost from here was alive, then the land would dry up again even after the regeneration, or perhaps Koone's regeneration power would be neutralized.



In that case, there was also the possibility of understanding something by observing that process of event.



The ceremony of Koone's heaven's blessing art <Regeneration> started with such intention.



「Those who pour old blood, Koone de Shelt Synclea pray──」



With her small body, she slowly spread out both her hands as though trying to embrace the world. Her jade eyes that were half closed and peeked out slightly seemed to stare at one point, however, her eyes also looked like they weren't looking at anywhere.



The pattern that was painted on Koone's body was increasing in brightness each time she spoke the scripture that wished for good harvest.



「──Oh great will, oh our mother. Your child offer her life.」



Gently, Koone's golden twin tail fluttered. Not because of wind, but an invisible power was whirling around her.



That power could be felt flowing into the land with Koone as the center.



「Abundant crop to the land, healing to the water, ripening to the wind, will to the fire──」



The land shined. Particles that could be mistaken as spark of golden fire rose up. The boisterously dancing particles looked as though the land was displaying its delight.



「Right now one more time, to the dead world──the power of living」



Koone's wholehearted prayer and wish revived the dying land. From below the rotting crops, a new life was budding. It was not a crops but a mere grass, but without doubt nature was returning to a place that almost turned into desert.



「Amazing……」



Kouki reflexively whispered that. Different from simple magic or blessing art, it felt like there was something sacred from Koone's art. The age of god magic his childhood friend specialized at must be able to the same thing too, but even so, the art of the small Koone who was praying wholeheartedly was something that really compelled on his heart for some reason.



「Fufuhn, isn't that right, isn't that right! Koone is amazing!」



Kouki who was in a trance came back to his senses with 'hah' when he heard that voice that sounded so smug it sounded odious.



As expected, he saw a little girl with tremendously smug face there. She was puffing up her chest so much he wondered whether she would fall behind.



The solemn and scared atmosphere was instantly dispersed.



Kouki answered with a really complicated expression.



「Haha……yes, it's amazing. Koone-sama is really amazing.」



「Hnfufuh. It's fine you know? It's fine to praise Koone more you know? Rather Koone won't mind even if you worship Koone! Koone won't, mind it at all!」



The princess-sama was really getting on high horse.



Kouki was feeling somewhat wanting to hit her, but seeing Koone who seemed to concentrate of the regenerated land even while getting on her high horse, he decided to praise her more for now.



Koone looked terribly in a good mood, however, her expression immediately turned serious and,



「Rothko. It looks like the land has returned to before. There is no sign of blessing power vanishing. This place need observation for a little bit more but……」



「Is, that so……. Hmmm, just what in the world cause this……. How eerie. Although, we now understand that your highness's power can recover it. For the investigation of the cause, we will examine the land around Arquette too, but for now we can have a peace of mind. Your highness, I'm really thankful for your help in this!」



「This is Koone's role. But, there is no way we can leave alone a bizarre phenomenon of a part of land suddenly drying up, so Koone is thinking of staying in Arquette for a while to investigate. Rothko, is there a problem with that?」



Different from with Kouki, Koone interacted with Rothko seriously without any smugness.



「It doesn't matter, I'm just a mere swordsman anyway……the other party is a feudal lord-sama after all, there is nothing wrong at all」 Kouki consoled himself inside his heart.



「That's the best I can ask for, your highness. By any means, please stay in my mansion.」



Saying that, Rothko nodded happily.



After that, Kouki and others were treated with late lunch.



At the seat of the lunch, the son of the feudal lord spouses──Rondo Arquette (ten years old) was introduced. He was an intelligent boy with dark blue hair the same like his father, and a strong willed eyes he inherited from his mother. He had a serious personality for his age.



Although, he also had a side that was appropriate for his age. Spike and Lilin told him various heroic deeds like how Kouki was an existence that was called a hero, how using the magic of another world, in the first day he was summoned he crushed named <Dark Beings> by himself, how he fought the tag team of the soldier chief and art user head by himself and won, and so on. Hearing those stories, the eyes that he directed toward Kouki were already sparkling, causing Kouki to plainly bear damage to his heart.



And then, perhaps seeing through the inside of Kouki's heart that was like that, Koone blabbered about things that were true and things that were false, or rather most of what she blabbered was false, and in the end, she even told Rondo about the incident on the bed, and the incident of secret midnight meeting that were already nothing but scandal, so the feudal lord spouses' expression convulsed, and Kouki desperately made excuse……



What was the most chaotic above all, was how Rondo lad was gradually starting to look enviously at the exchange between Kouki who was turned into tsukkomi machine and Koone who was fabricating incidents looking like she was absurdly enjoying it.



No, if it had to be said without any indirect expression, wasn't that already jealousy despite his young age……



In the end, was that jealousy directed to the princess who was getting along well with the hero,



Or else, was it something directed to the hero who was getting along well with the princess,



Thinking if it was the case of the latter, Kouki yelled with all his strength inside his heart toward the Rondo lad.



'For that kind of future, you gonna need resolve for it not just about status or position, but in various meaning y'know!' Like that.



He must not be called a good for nothing for not speaking it out loud. It was Koone-tan that was scary……



The recovery of the land was finished for the moment, and in the preparation for the investigation that would be carried out seriously from tomorrow, Kouki and others rested their body in the feudal lord's mansion.



The time was evening.



The blazing red sun was about to sink at the west's ground. The shadow was greatly stretching to the east, the world was being dyed red.



The golden grain producing region was tinged with red color, producing superb contrast with the deepening shadow, the vibrant hue that was different from afternoon also created picturesque scenery.



There was watchtower built inside the protective wall of Arquette. Two young vigilance corps member that were charged to keep watch were looking fondly at the scenery that was always familiar, yet they never got bored to look at.



「Hey. Did you see hero-sama?」



「Ou, I saw I saw.」



「What do you think about him?」



To confirm once more that there wasn't anything unusual, even while staring at the nature's picturesque scene one of the guard devoted himself to run his gaze vigilantly around while asking that casually. The other guard showed a thinking posture for a bit before answering.



「I thought that he looked somewhat normal.」



「What an impolite guy. Should I report this to the captain……」



「You are the one asking me. But, you also thought so right?」



「Well, he is different from my image. I thought he would be something like, someone that is more majestic or like domineering, when someone see him they are going to get 『This person ain't ordinary!』 right away, like that.」



「Right right, from what I heard he is really strong but……somehow he doesn't look like soldier huh.」



The two guards talked to each other about their impression that if Kouki heard them, he might reflexively shouted 「Cannot deny that-」 with his hand pressing on his chest and his body fell on all four.



But, at that time, one of the guards raised his hand to stop his partner who was opening his mouth to say some more thing, and his eyes narrowed.



「What's wrong?」



「……Oi, over there. I cannot see well because of the shadow, but is there something there?」



「Ah? Where?」



Both of them focused their sight.



There.



Something was there. Something black, clad in mist, a figure's──



「tsu, this must be a joke! Why here-」



「Sound the warning bell-」



The true identity that the guards saw through was an existence that shouldn't be here. Yes, something like an existence that was clad in black mist, there was only one such existence in this world.



The guard who took into his hand the hammer to ring the bell set up in the watchtower thought that in any case, he had to sound the alarm. While staring fixedly at that existence──the <Dark Being>, his hand was swung……



「What, the……what the hell is going on!」



The impossible sight made him stopped his arm reflexively.



Perhaps that was something that couldn't be helped.



After all, ahead of his gaze, they were appearing one after another. Like black ink that was sprinkled on the grain-producing region, spheres of miasma were suddenly materializing from empty air.



*bo-bo-bo-*, Deep darkness color even deeper than the shadow created by the sunset was increasing with terrific momentum everywhere in the grain-producing region. Those spheres of darkness vanished a beat later like cocoon that was shattered from inside.



What was left behind was human shaped <Dark Being> clad in thick miasma.



It wasn't just one or two. In the blink of eye, the number was increasing into a corps, no, an army scale.



「-, -!? Ring the bell quickly!!」



「tsu!!」



The guard who forgot himself recovered his senses from his partner's yell. He immediately struck the warning bell strongly as though to shake off his fear.



Their colleague rushed toward the bottom of the watchtower to inquire what was going on. The two guards entrusted their colleague to immediately close the gate, and then to inform the feudal lord.



Even during that little bit of time, the grain producing region was invaded by beings clad in miasma……



「Aa, Foltina-sama-」



They spontaneously implored to a great existence. Their body was petrified as though they were being bound hand and foot.



That was how much their despair was.



The golden color that Arquette's grain producing region boasted of, was currently painted over with darkness color by an army of <Dark Being>.



AN: Thank you very much for reading every time.



Thank you very much too for the thoughts, opinions, and reports about misspelling and omitted words.



The story finally started to move.



Putting that aside, the comic version's latest chapter is published.



Oh man, Hajime-san is seriously suffering when it's turned into comic.



Who is it, who is the one that make Hajime-san suffer like that!?



Well, it's Shirakome though……



This time the comic is also really impactful. Please read it by all means if you have interest,



Please go look at Comic Galdo in Overlap-sama's homepage!





Chapter 272




Grieve and despair, and then unease were filling Arquette territory to the brim.



Inside the city that was surrounded by defensive wall, all the members of the vigilance corps were running around to evacuate the people as well as preparing the city defense.



The chaos was deepening with accelerated speed.



But that was only reasonable.



After all this was a situation that was without precedent even through the long history──the army of <Dark Being> passed through the front line of the desert area and appeared in penetration into the rear territory, such situation was visiting this place.



The trust toward the capital, the safety of the rear territory, and then even in the case that the front line was actually breached, at the very least there would be notification that gave time for evacuation at minimum. The terror of seeing those common senses overturned like this was immeasurable.



The distorted expression of terror from the mass that were running about in pandemonium told the emotion they felt more eloquently than anything.



And then, the feudal lord mansion was similarly amidst such chaos, no, because they were grasping the situation more accurately than the mass, their state of being was even more terrible.



「Shit-, just what the hell this happen-」



「Isn't this some kind of illusion!? No matter what this is just strange!」



「How is the state of the defensive readiness progressing!? We won't hold with just the protective wall! Is the reinforcement by the art users not done yet!?」



「Is it possible to retreat!? Even if it's just her majesty we have to get her to escape……」



「Rather than that what is the capital is doing!? Don't they notice that the enemy has circled to the rear!?」



「The enemy ain't coming here by walking don't you see！It's too optimistic thinking that the capital noticed!」



It was a wild uproar. The excellent civil officers and vigilance corps members were raising angry yell to divert their mind from the negative emotions of despair and fear.



But, at that time,



「Don't get flustered!」



An overwhelming angry yell that excelled theirs resounded.



They who returned to their senses while going 'hah' moved their gaze. Over there they found the figure of the feudal lord Rothko. Although his expression was grim, but his posture was calm.



As though that was the signal, the next moment, the door of the temporary countermeasure room was opened with a sound *BAM*. The ones who entered were Koone, Anneal, Kouki, and then several members of the guard squad.



「Rothko. Koone sent several people from Koone's guards, especially Spike and Lilin to help with the defense preparation. The reinforcement of the defensive wall is being done by the blessing art users, you don't mind aren't you?」



「OF course. How is the understanding of the situation?」



「An army appeared and is surrounding us, that's all.」



Rothko nodded.



「From the report just now, the total number of enemy is five thousand. Even now the number is still increasing. We are completely surrounded from four directions. The method of their appearance is unknown. It seems they are a mix of cow head species, scaled dragon species, eccentric species. Flying species and giant species aren't sighted.」



「……Calling it a small mercy, is impossible huh.」



All the <Dark Being> that Rothko reported were <Dark Being> that didn't cross two meter. The height of Arquette's defensive wall was around ten meter, but it wouldn't be able to prevent the invasion of <Dark Being> that could fly of giant type <Dark Being>.



Therefore, they were able to avoid a situation where they would receive swift attack that penetrated to inside, however, the number of the enemy was too absurd to call it a small mercy.



Until the end Arquette was a material accumulation area in the rear. It more or less had protective wall and so on to be a temporary place for safe escape in the worst case that the capital was fallen.



But, in the first place the people of Synvlea wouldn't have a future by the point of time the capital was fallen. Therefore, there was no way that the existence of soldier force would exist when there was not even a mechanism like the oasis that weakened the <Dark Being>. Until the end this place only had "vigilance corps" that consisted from the common people.



To the end their role was to deal with dispute inside the territory, dealt with wild animal, and so on. So to speak their role was like police, their number also didn't reach a hundred.



Soldiers and art users who were really excellent went to the capital or the surrounding monitoring base that doubled as town, so it could be said to be only natural.



In other words, by the point of time they were surrounded by an army, there was no way to save Arquette.



Rothko spoke with a pained face.



「My deepest apology-, your highness. To invite you to this kind of mortal peril-」



「No one is able to predict this kind of situation. Rothko. Your decision from the beginning until the end is decisive and accurate. There is no need for you to feel responsible toward Koone.」



「Your highness……」



Perhaps it should be said, as expected from a royalty. Even in this kind of despairing situation, Koone wasn't shaken. The fortitude of this young girl who wasn't even ten years old yet made the people inside the room who were reeling to get a hold of themselves. Their expression became resolved one after another.



「Koone wish that the people can escape somehow but……」



Koone's grim expression conveyed how she was denying her own wish with her own prediction.



In respond to that Rothko's reply was also really concise.



「It's too late for that.」



Koone quietly nodded saying 「Isn't that right」.



「Then, the biggest problem right now, is whether the capital is noticing this abnormal situation or not.」



「Right. The underground vault of Arquette is tough. Right now goods are carried out from there in hurry. As soon as that's finished, we will evacuate the people inside. If we count the defensive wall, perhaps we will be able to hold out for about two days.」



「If the capital already know about this situation and they are already moving……at the fastest it will be one day. If that's not the case and we send out messenger……it will be about two and a half day. It will be just barely.」



In any case, they had to send messenger. The information that the <Dark Being> might be able to ignore the front line and appeared anywhere couldn't be let to stay "unknown" even in the worst case.



Even more important than calling for reinforcement, Moana absolutely had to be told about this fact.



While Koone and Rothko were discussing and deciding what they had to accomplish at the end, the inside of Kouki's heart who was watching that was raging.



If it was himself from a bit of time ago, they he would surely go and slaughter the enemy in high spirits. He wouldn't believe even the smallest possibility that he might die, that if it him then it was surely possible without doubt, any other circumstances was rubbish in front of the "rightness" that protected the people. Such blind belief.



(Am I, am I going to kill again? Even when with Ragar, I was like that……. This time it will be several hundred, several thousand lives? Even though they too are also just trying to live? That kind of thinking is "mistaken". No, they are seeing human as livestock. ……Then, are they evil?)



He didn't understand, the correct choice-.



Kouki looked at his own hand. His hand was trembling was because he got a hunch of his own death. Because death was terrifying.



There was no strong soldier force here. As expected, he didn't have any confidence of surviving after taking on alone an army that surpassed five thousand strong. He didn't have any convenient principle in him. He understood that he would die when it was his time to die.



At the same time, he recalled the sensation of that time.



That vivid sensation that was more than "cutting flesh", the sensation of "cutting down life". A single life, a path of living, that will, he destroyed it with his hand and ended it.



How terrifying. He got the flashback of those eyes of Ragar that looked empty, yet made him felt his resentment. He was assaulted by an intense urge to vomit.



(If there is an ideal method where both sides won't die, where everyone is saved……shit-, this thinking is no good-. I'm not going to be able to choose again! The result of that, I should know it already!)



Before he realized it he gritted his teeth audibly *grit*.



「Kouki-sama, are you okay? Your complexion look bad……」



The soft voice addressing him made him came back to his senses and when he turned toward that voice, there was the figure of Anneal looking worriedly at him there. When he looked even more carefully, Lilin and others had returned without him noticing. They were reporting with exhausted expression that must came from working their blessing art really hard.



It seemed the appearance of the <Dark Being> finally stopped. In the end, the total number swelled up until around ten thousand. It was already at the point where it wouldn't be strange if they started advancing anytime.



Right now everyone were discussing with each other about how to make the messenger to escape to the capital.



Koone was a royalty. What's more if Moana who had lost most of her power was excluded, she was the last royalty of Synclea kingdom who had power left. Also looking from how <Regeneration> was an art that displayed its true ability for the revival post war, she had to survive no matter what.



Therefore, Koone had to survive no matter what happened. The messenger had to be Koone and her guard squad──that was the claim of Rothko's side.



In contrast Koone was,



「No, Rothko. Koone will be nothing more than a burden when breaking through the encirclement net. If thinking about a method of breaking through with more certainty, then the conspicuous Koone will gather attention while hero-sama and several people as guards are breaking through is the most suitable way.」



Kouki was taken aback hearing those words. Indeed, Kouki had the strength to breakthrough, and above all else miasma didn't affect him. If Koone was among the messenger party, then the group couldn't only use all their strength to breakthrough the encirclement net, they also had to spare their strength to protect Koone.



Koone's suggestion was really rational. Except the point where she made light of the preciousness of herself a bit too much.



That was why, Kouki noticed. The meaning of the resolve dwelling at Koone's side face, in that young look.



She wanted him to take away her big sister and escape──she wanted him to grant that wish, that was what Koone was saying.



Most likely, the clever Koone understood. Seeing the <Dark Being> appearing through the distance of space, the balanced situation between the <Dark Being> and human had crumbled.



A pinpoint attack at the rear territory.



With this the soldier force of the capital would be made to send reinforcement, and their battle strength would be divided by doing that, however like that they wouldn't be able to protect what they ought to protect──like that Synclea kingdom would collapse.



Surely she was looking at such future.



Koone was currently giving up everything as hopeless, including her own life.



That was why, Koone didn't say it. In this situation, she didn't say to Kouki "fight for the sake of the people".



That was why, Koone instead said this. She said to Kouki that she "wanted him to escape". And then, if he was going to escape, please at least took her big sisters with him, so she said.



Looking at the little girl who was betting her own life to make the choice that he couldn't possibly do, Kouki was trembling in fear, at the same time he was harboring respect, and also hopelessly envious feeling toward her.



(Aa, no good. It's no good, if this girl doesn't survive. It's no good if she die in this kind of place-)



Therefore, he naturally thought like that. That was why,



「I can breakthrough the encirclement net while carrying Koone-sama.」



When he noticed, his mouth said that.



Rothko hung on that statement, Koone coldly rejected it, while the people at the surrounding directed surprised expression at Kouki altogether.



「If it's with my maximum firepower, I can cut open a path that break the encirclement net. If Arous's fastest running speed can break through the encirclement, we can breakthrough. If I also put up barrier continuously, at the very least I can protect Koone-sama while at the same time not needing to do battle to breakthrough the encirclement.」



「Oo, ooh, is that really true!?」



「He, hero-sama?」



Rothko looked delighted while Koone looked bewildered at Kouki's assertion.



Vigilance corps captain Ivana asked with a slightly hopeful expression.



「Excuse me, hero-dono. Perhaps, if that power is used toward the army──」



「……Forgive me. To annihilate an army that is more than ten thousand, my magic power is……. The enemy will overcome me by number. Smashing the encirclement to let a few people escape is my limit.」



「Is, that so……」



Not just Ivana, other people who thought of that "what if" scenario also got dejected and hung down their head. However, even that only passed for a moment, they immediately recovered their former resolved expression and began to accomplish their role.



「Then, Kouki-dono. Let's quickly do the escape preparation. Your highness Koone, please take care.」



「If it's the preparation, it's already finished. We will surely report Arquette's crisis to her majesty.」



Spike nodded deeply. It seemed that he already finished the escape preparation. Perhaps he was planning to take away Koone even if he had to ignore Koone's will and brought her to escape even at the cost of his life.



「Pl, please wait! There is no way Koone can escape! If a royalty turn their back to the enemy and abandon the people, the "faith" of the whole Synclea will collapse! If that kind of precedence is created even if just one, the morale of the people won't be able to be upheld!」



Seeing the flow of event where her escape look as though it was a done deal, Koone jumped up and down *pyon pyon* while making objection with her all.



Indeed, the people of Arquette might despair. The royalty abandoned them and escaped by themselves. In the current chaotic situation, there was no way they would be able to calmly understand that it was for the sake to call reinforcement, for the sake of the future.



And then, if the information that only Koone and her people escaped along with the fall of Arquette was spreading, then certainly there was a possibility that morale would be affected at the battle ahead from here on.



Rothko kneeled down on one knee, and he formed words to persuade Koone.



「Your highness. In this situation, your survival is exactly the hope of us human. Indeed, perhaps this would be thought as abandoning the people of Arquette. The people of other territory might also think like that. But, I'll dare to say this instead. ──That's a trivial matter.」



「……」



「If it's the clever your highness then you should understand. The trend is already tilting. It's impossible to protect everything. Your highness, has to survive together with her majesty under the new flame of war. Who will you protect, and who will you abandon. Even if it will be but a scant of number, for the sake of "the battle so that mankind won't extinct", your highness must survive!」



「tsu」



Koone's distorted expression told with certainty how she herself understood that.



Koone lost all words.



But, at that time, one vigilance corps member rushed in.



「Report-. Enemy army, is starting to advance!」



Right after that, tremendous thunderous sound reverberated. It didn't even need any confirmation, it was clear that it was the offensive toward the defensive wall. The resounding thunderous sound that continued in succession without pause reverberated from all directions, stirring up the fear of the people whether they wanted it or not.



After a brief time of closing her eyes, Koone gritted her teeth *grit* and lifted her face.



「Rothko. Koone is escaping. However, please choose Rondo and two more people.」



「Your majesty, that's……」



「If it's Koone's arous then three more people can ride it. If the protection target is children, then one or four won't change anything.」



When Koone gazed at Spike, Spike thought for a bit before nodding briskly to confirm Koone's words.



「Choose the hope of the next generation, Rothko.」



「-. Your highness is talking about something difficult. ……But, my thanks, for this kindness. I'll bring them right away, that's why, your highness please prepare.」



「Yes. ……Rothko, may the protection of Fortuna-sama be with you, and all your subordinates. Koone won't forget, the resolve and courage of all of you. Koone won't forget it, no matter what!」



「Haha, is that a farewell between us in this life? Your highness, we aren't going to get done it that easily you know?」



There was no path of survival for Arquette that didn't possess soldier force. The fastest reinforcement would come would be in two and a half day. If thinking that the reinforcement might be coming in three days, then the reinforcement wouldn't make in time without doubt as long as there was no miracle.



But, Rothko said that sentence. His subordinates were also making the same expression.



To their noble figure, Koone proudly nodded with clenched teeth.



Kouki's heart──creaked.



Was he going to abandon these people……



Or would he murder several hundred, several thousand <Dark Being> instead?



Those questions crossed repeatedly inside him since some time ago. His thinking was going in circle and came to a standstill in the same place time and time again.



(Both human, and also the <Dark Being>, are only trying to live. Fighting, is the way of living of this world. For someone unrelated like me to interfere, surely that must be what is truly mistaken-. In the first place, against ten thousand enemy, there is no way I can win just by fighting seriously. My magic power won't hold. Even I, don't want to die. I'm not going to be able to meet with everyone like that, I absolutely don't want something like that-)



In this cornered situation, his true feeling without falsehood raged inside his heart.



Because he didn't want to kill any side, he wanted to escape without getting involved.



He didn't want to die, so he wanted to escape.



His family, childhood friends, friends, comrades, and even "that guy" who he was still feeling lost on how he should thought about him──he wanted to meet them-. Dying in another world like this and became unable to meet them agains, he absolutely didn't want that, he wanted to run-.



「Kouki-dono, Kouki-dono-」



「tsu, eh, ah, Spike-san?」



Kouki went 'hah' at Spike's call and he came back to his senses.



When he noticed, he was in front of the barn where all the arous were kept. It seemed that he was unconsciously following Koone and others while getting trapped in his mind and arrived until the barn.



「Are you okay, Kouki-dono?」



「Ye, yes, I'm fine. And, how is it going?」



Kouki did his best to pretend composure and replied at Spike who was looking dubiously at him. He became expressionless from trying to do that instead and made Spike and others became even more worried, but the current Kouki had no leeway to guess that.



After all, right now for the first time Kouki was trying to do an act of "abandoning".



The reason why he once reproached "that guy" by that much, and now, he himself was going to do it.



──*creak*, a creaking voice came from inside Kouki.



「……I wish to ask Kouki-dono about the detail of the attack of maximum firepower that Kouki-dono mentioned.」



「Ah, about that. ……If I have to say it, it's a bombardment. It release a high powered bombardment in a straight line. If I seriously attack with full strength, I should be able to create a path that pierce the encirclement.」



Kouki was half-convinced from his battle against Niebla and Ragar. His conviction must be conveyed to others. Spike nodded.



「However, it need a bit of time to activate it. It will be ideal to fire it at the same time with the gate's opening, so it will help if the gate can be opened at the same time with my signal.」



「Understood. I will relay it to the gatekeeper. Kouki-dono, we will entrust our fate to you.」



「……Yes.」



Spike sent a messenger. In preparation of the worst case, Kouki carved the magic circle of on the saddle of all the arous so that 【Divine Severance】 could be activated continuously even if he didn't continue his control, and there he poured magic power and activated it.



He poured in tremendous amount of magic power so that it could hold until the capital as much as possible. Kouki took out three tubes from the pouch on his waist. That was the last magic power recovery medicine that he brought to this world.



He returned two of them back into the pouch, and drunk one after he finished pouring magic power into all the magic circles.



And then, all the arous were taken outside the barn at the same time when he finished. Kouki and others also got out.



Thunderous sounds resounded several times, the angry yells of the vigilance corps and the trembling voices of the fearful mass pierced their ears.



──*creak creak*, sounds rang from inside Kouki's chest.



People came running. The son of the feudal lord──Rondo. Also two children he didn't knew. A girl and a boy.



Rondo listened to Rothko's words. With a serious gaze and a face that understood what was entrusted to him right now, he gritted his teeth and endured his tears from falling. Syla couldn't hold it in and embraced her son tightly. She strongly, strongly embraced tightly.



The chosen boy and girl also did their farewell with their family similarly while clenching their teeth.



It could be easily imagined that if other people witnessed this, they would come pleading "please save our family too". That was why, this farewell was carried out secretly in the cover of the barn. The crying voice of the girl echoed awfully inside Kouki's ears.



──Kouki felt his chest rumbling. He wanted to scratch and pluck his heart.



They moved the arous to nearby the east gate that would connect to the capital. They did it secretly so the eyes of the people wouldn't catch sight of them.



「……」



The princess(Koone) who should be naïve and full of energy didn't say anything. Her expression stiffened as though she was paralyzed.



「Is the moving of the goods not over yet-」



「The vault only just got filled! Carrying all of them out takes time!」



「Move your hand if you've got anytime for talking! Get them in even if just one more people!」



Angry yells could be heard. It seemed the moving out of the goods from the underground vault was not finished yet. Naturally the people were also unable to be evacuated into the most solid place of the city.



There was also other tough buildings, and people also escaped to there too, but the street was jammed with people who were impatiently waiting for the underground vault to be emptied.



The tense atmosphere of the adult and the continuously ringing thunderous sounds, the children were screaming and crying.



──It hurt. His chest hurt. The creaking sound didn't stop.



All the arous were standing by at the cover of building. Koone and the children, and then Spike and others, the members of guard squad were also already riding on the arous's back and put their preparation in order. With Kouki's chanting, barriers of light were deployed and enveloped each arous.



Rothko and others backed away and vigilance corps members were standing by with tense expression.



A bombardment would be fired at the same time with the opening of the gate, and the <Dark Being> running rampant at the other side of the east gate would be blown away. Kouki would then jump at the running out arous and rode it, then broke through the encirclement net in one go.



The tactic's preparation was all done.



Kouki who was walking toward the front of the east gate was whispering in small voice when he realized.



'There is no other way', he said.



'Even I don't want to die', he said.



'I will scatter a lot of life after this, please forgive me', he said.



'I'm sorry for abandoning the people who are trembling in fear', he said.



As though making excuses,



'What I choose, is always mistaken every time.



Surely, I'm making a mistake again,



It will result in something that I cannot taken back, so……



I'm……



That's why,



That's why, even I……



Rather than "the many whose face I don't even know", it should be fine for me to choose "people who are important for me" instead.



That's why,'



「Help-」



「-!?」



Electric jolt ran through his whole body. When Kouki noticed, he was in the middle of the street that was directly in a straight line toward the east gate. And then, his hand that was dangling down powerlessly, was pulled at repeatedly.



When Kouki's gaze moved at that direction, there was a figure of a small boy about the age of three, four years old.



「Help otou-san-」



The boy was pulling on Kouki's arm desperately. Sometimes the boy's gaze moved toward the direction of the west gate. Looking there, large dust clouds were rising up from the west side. When he focused his eyes, he could see miasma and black silhouette on top of the defensive wall.



The dust clouds might come from someone using blessing art, or perhaps the reinforcement outer wall of the protective wall──an emergency reinforcement using blessing art to make earth protrusions that were stuck on the defensive wall──was pulverized.



And then, that dark shadow that a vigilance corps member was only barely pushing off must be a <Dark Being>. Perhaps it used its comrade as stepping stool, or perhaps it crawled up using its physical strength. Kouki didn't understand, but it seemed that the defensive wall was almost climbed over.



Most likely, the father of this boy was a vigilance corps member that was assigned at the west gate. Looking at the rising up cloud dusts and <Dark Being>, the boy thought that his father was in a dire strait.



「Why, why are you asking me……」



It was awfully hard to breath. While thinking that, Kouki asked with a scratchy voice.



「Because, Onii-chan is "hero-sama" right!?」



「tsu, I, I'm……not a hero……」



「Otou-san told me! A great person is coming to this city he said! If that person is here, surely those <Dark Being> will be no threat! Please, hero-sama! Help otou-san-」



It was a selfish request.



A request that didn't think of the feeling of the other person.



This boy didn't know how just painful that expectation felt for him.



The inside of Kouki's heart was overflowing with swearing that was him venting his anger.



A civil officer he remembered seeing before ran this way. Because this officer knew about Kouki's role, he pulled and tore away the boy from Kouki with an impatient expression. Soon the boy's mother also rushed toward the boy, she apologized at the civil officer while trying to take away the boy.



「Hero-sama! Help-」



The boy reached out his hand. He was asking for help from Kouki.



'Aa, really……'



「Hey, Nagumo. Perhaps, I really haven't changed just as expected. Even though I understand just how stupid this is, I just cannot be like you.」



He whispered such thing with a voice that sounded giving up……



「Reject all hostility and ill will-!! The absolute protection to the children of god! Here is the sanctuary, no enemy of god shall pass! ──【Divine Severance】–!!」



A scream-like incantation thundered.



That was an absolute protection. The brilliantly shining proof of safeguarding.



Gleaming dome of light spread with Kouki as the center. It was spreading in a scale that was never seen before!



It penetrated through building, penetrated through people, however, it pushed back only the <Dark Beings>, a super large scale barrier was deployed that covered the whole city.



Suddenly, a dome of light that covered the sky materialized, people were looking up above their head dumbfounded. The crying voice of the children stopped still, and even the vigilance corps members stopped their hands and looked up to the sky.



The thunderous sounds attacking the defensive wall inevitably stopped. Even the great noises from the <Dark Beings> that shouldn't be damaged or anything also stopped. Perhaps that was also because of them being dumbfounded as expected.



「I'll protect them.」



「Eh……」



It was unclear whose response was that. The boy, the boy's mother, and then the male civil officer who came to stop the boy returned their gaze to Kouki.



Kouki looked at the boy, and then he spoke one more time.



「I will, protect everyone. That's why, it will be fine.」



「Hero, sama……」



The boy couldn't say his words of thanks. Because the hero who said that he would protect everyone, was making an expression that looked smiling while crying.



Kouki returned his gaze to the east gate, and then he unsheathed his holy sword with *shan-* sound.



And then, he sent his words to Koone and others who looked befuddled at the unplanned deployment of the large scale barrier.



「Koone-sama. I'm sorry. I will stay here. I'll cut open the path, so please run through.」



「What are you saying, hero-sama!?」



Koone raised a voice that was pregnant with shock and unease. She reflexively almost jumped down from her arous although Anneal stopped her.



「Isn't it hero-sama yourself who said that you cannot defeat this many!? Are you planning to die!?」



「……Sorry. The truth is, I think that protecting you and delivering you until the capital safely is the "correct choice".」



「That's not what Koone is talking about-」



「Yes, but, as I thought I'm no good.」



「No good you say──」



In the middle, Kouki's way of talking became his usual casual way of talking. Noticing that, Koone's feeling was growing indescribable while she said everything she could to change Kouki's mind. But,



「As I thought, I cannot abandon people who ask me for help.」



It wasn't like he wanted to become a hero.



He didn't want, to die.



But it was impossible. Even if he was told to save the mankind, the feeling that it was real didn't really well up from inside him. When he weighed mankind and <Dark Being> on a scale, he didn't understand at all the correct side the scale should tilt toward.



However, even so……



When someone reached out their hand asking for help in front of his eyes, calling at him with a grieving voice, it finally became impossible for him.



「I won't take no for answer. You go, Koone. ……I'll be waiting for quick reinforcement okay.」



「Hero-sa──」



Kouki glanced back across his shoulder with an expression of crying and smiling. It was filled to the brim with fear and pain, even so he couldn't draw back, wouldn't draw back……



Before Koone could say anything,



「O god's will-, please bring about the light that annihilate all evil!」



Kouki's incantation resounded. The lifted up holy sword emitted fierce light, the people who were dumfounded from the 【Divine Severance】 moved their gaze toward Kouki.



「O breath of god-, drive away all dark clouds, please fill this world with holy purification!」



A spiral of light was generated with Kouki as the center. The shining torrent that rose up as though to stab the sky made the people closed their eyes.



「O god's mercy-, with this one attack please forgive all crime!」



The light converged into the holy sword as though it was being sucked in. The noisy sounds of <Dark Beings> could be heard from the other side of the gate. They too might be perplexed from the abnormal situation.



Kouki moved his gaze toward Spike. Beside Anneal who was holding back Koone who tried to jump down even now, Spike returned a powerful gaze at Kouki and he nodded briskly.



And then, Kouki's gaze moved toward the gatekeepers. The two gatekeepers opened the gate to left and right with determination.



Multitude black shadows squirmed at the other side.



To there,



「──【Heaven's Might】–!!!」



The world was overwritten with pure white.



It was a striking torrent of light to the degree that gave such hallucination.



At the same time, the flash of light that left behind sound advanced passed through the barrier of 【Divine Severance】 and pierced the army of <Dark Beings>.



There was no time for them to put up defense or anything. No, even defense itself was meaningless.



The bombardment of 【Heaven;s Might】 that was truly ought to be called the manifestation of god's will easily gouged the encirclement net like a hot knife going through butter, piercing out until the far away distance.



Before long the world that was dyed white returned back to normal, sound was revived, and while white flash was melting into empty air and vanished, seeing the path that was opened by annihilating <Dark Beings>, Kouki who trembled with his throat choked from what he had done was,



「-, GO-!!」



He yelled.



With Spike in the lead, all the arous started running with fierce momentum.



Beside Kouki who slumped down on his knee from the great expenditure of magic power, Spike, Lilin, the members of guard squad, and Anneal rushed through while saluting with tense expression.



「Hero-sama! If you die, Koone will kill you! If you don't absolutely stay alive-, Koone will make you meet terrible experience-!! Koone is-, a woman who will do what she say she is going to doo!!」



Koone left behind those words with desperate voice even after passing through him. Kouki made a wry smile at such Koone.



When push came to shove, Kouki thought of sniping the <Dark Beings> that would try to chase after the escaping party from above the defensive wall, but it seemed that his stiffening from overusing 【Divine Severance】 and 【Heaven's Might】 wouldn't loose up.



When Koone and others slipped through the last line of the encirclement net, dark being that tried to chase after them finally appeared, but at that time a distance had been opened until a range where they could shake off pursuer.



While feeling relieved that they were able to escape, Kouki took out the second magic power recovery medicine from the pouch on his waist.



One medicine remained.



This was the lifeline for Kouki, no, for Arquette during this two and a half days until three days ahead.



Kouki who stood up waved his hand to stop the gatekeepers who came back to their senses and moved to close the gate.



And then, step by step, he walked toward the other side of the gate.



「Kouki-dono! What in the world……why are you……」



It was Rothko who called out to him. The figures of Syla and Ivana were also beside him.



「Rothko-san. This barrier, the more it receive attack the more it will become exhausted and the deployment time become shorter. With an unceasing attack from an army that surpass ten thousand, as expected it won't hold out until the reinforcement come.」



「Ko, Kouki-dono?」



「I'm going outside in order to reduce their……no, the "enemy" as much as possible. Because even if they only concentrate their battle strength to me, the burden to the barrier will decrease. With the time I buy, please expand and strengthen the defensive wall and underground vault, and evacuate the people as much as possible even if just one person more. After that, tell Moana-sama and Koone-sama──」



「Kouki-dono!!」



It sounded like a last will. Rothko who thought so immediately cut in Kouki's talk.



「Don't, don't speak absurd. Are you planning to fight alone? Such thing is no different than suicide.」



「Certainly I'm heavily outnumbered. But, what if there is only one entrance into a city that is protected by a barrier? What if that entrance become a passage, where its width at best only allow two units that can enter and fight?」



After saying that Kouki thrust out his hand, and in front of the <Dark Beings> who began coming back to their senses, a part of the barrier in front of the east gate changed shape and became like a passage. Its width was around two meter, with length of seven, eight meter.



That unexpected action caused Rothko, no, all the people at that place gulped with shudder.



「I will be overrun right away in a fight of one versus ten thousand. But, what if it's one versus one for ten thousand times? ……I should be able to buy quite a lot of time with that.」



Kouki spoke to Rothko and others who was speechless.



「If the reinforcement come and I'm already hopeless at that time, please tell Moana-sama and Koone-sama this, 『Before long the demon king might arrive. There will be salvation if there is suitable compensation for him』.」



「Why, why are you going that far……」



Rothko noticed. That the hands of Kouki who said he was going to fight were trembling. Kouki's expression that was pretending calm appearance honestly conveyed to him that the trembling wasn't trembling from excitement or anything else.



That was why he asked that, but Kouki's answer to that was,



「……Because, I'm a great stupid idiot, I think.」



Saying that, he walked out while smiling wryly. Rothko and others had no word to stop him.



While walking, Kouki confirmed that ahead of his gaze the <Dark Beings> were resuming their offence trying to smash the barrier. The 【Heaven's Might】 just now annihilated several hundred <Dark Beings>, but if someone was looking from outside how the split sea was filled to the brim and returning back to normal, it felt only like a miniscule effort.



(……The key is how long the Divine Severance can hold out. Rather than annihilating power, stamina for long battle is more important. In that case, it's best to refrain from using magic and only use sword skill. Even if I use magic, I should use recovery magic and not attack magic.)



He still had hesitation. Despite so, after this he was going to kill species that was trying to live. He felt disappointment from the bottom of his heart toward himself who could only choose that kind of path.



This would become a battle where he was greatly limited. If he used attack magic it was inevitable that he would run out of strength first, If he didn't use attack magic, then painful battle would continue several hundred, several thousand times.



Perhaps, he would die. It was terrifying, terrifying, that his hands wouldn't stop trembling. *clack clack* The ringing sound was the sound of terror that his teeth were playing.



But, his feet didn't stop.



His mouth said "protect" naturally.



His body headed toward the battlefield, as though he was being controlled. Behind him were people with no strength to fight.



Even though the inside of his head was messed up, only the will of "have to protect" was resounding strongly inside him.



Going out into a battlefield without even any clear resolve, just how many times he had failed because of that? Just how many mistakes he had made because of that? Kouki's calm part was yelling at him if he was going to repeat the same mistake again.



「……Surely, I'm going to regret this.」



The same like all the time until now.



「……But」



But, there was only one thing that was different from everything until now.



「……I'm risking my life. I'm not running away.」



Staring straight ahead, he crossed the gate. One step short from the 【Divine Severance】. Enemy already entered the passage. Kouki signaled the gatekeepers to close the gate. The gatekeepers saluted with face that almost burst into tear before they started closing the door.



「…….This is scary. I don't wanna……」



But, he didn't hesitate. He didn't know if stealing the life of a lot of <Dark Beings> was the correct thing, but at the very least, the human called Amanogawa Kouki, wasn't able to brush off the hand of a children asking for help, so……



That was the only thing that he was absolutely unable to do.



Kouki dispelled a part of the barrier that connected to the passage that was created from 【Divine Severance】. He instantly stepped in using "Ground Shrinker", and without even letting it react, he diagonally slashed the <Dark Being> at the front.



A vivid sensation was conveyed to his hand, urge to vomit rose up, and the inside of his chest felt sharp pain.



He forcefully repressed all those, and toward the discomposed <Dark Beings>, Kouki was……



He took a deep breath, and with a voice that could reach all the enemy surrounding him──he howled.



「Your enemy is right here-!! If you want Arquette-, try to kill me-!!!」



In order to gather attention and raise the curtain, Kouki's last favorite technique that might be appearing for the first time in this battle──【Heaven Soaring Flash】's shining slash bisected the enemy inside the passage while piercing through until the rear.



Kouki who was walking until the middle of the corridor made his holy sword shined while readying it in front of his eyes.



A beat later.



The <Dark Beings> rushed all at once toward the person who was overreaching by trying to face an army alone.



AN: Thank you very much for reading every time.



Thank you very much too for the thoughts, opinions, and reports about misspelling and omitted words.



Serious's turn is continuing.



I want to run away-, I want to make merry and forget my trouble-, I want to throw in outrageous scene one after another-



But, the serious will continue for a bit more.



Sorry 'kay!



Also recently, the chapter continuously is more than ten thousand characters.



I'm thinking to curb it to 6000~8000 as much as possible but it's not really going well……



Everyone, please rest your eyes properly.



You see, Shirakome eye recently keep twitching *piku piku*……



Next chapter's title, In the Point between Life and Death





Chapter 273




Just how long he had been fighting already?



He had no sensation of time. The sun had sunk really deeply ahead. The radiance of 【Divine Severance】 was illuminating the surrounding of Arquette, but deep inside the grassland where light didn't reach was completely dark.



*rustle rustle* Great number of presences could be felt from the surrounding. In addition, the consumption speed of 【Divine Severance】 was decreasing quite much. It seemed that it went as he expected, rather than attacking the barrier, the <Dark Beings> were more eager to remove the culprit that was deploying and maintaining that barrier.



While thinking about things like whether this raised the survival rate of Arquette even by a little, Kouki tried to recall the expression showed at the end by Koone and others who might be rushing toward the capital with their all even now──



『Just die alreadyyy-!!』



「tsu!?」



The angry yell that sounded like curse made Kouki returned to his senses right away. It seemed his concentration was cut off for a moment.



In front of his eyes was a bull headed <Dark Being> that boasted super large build of two meter. Above its head there were two horns that looked like could kill human using just them, the Dark Being's blood colored eyes were shining glaringly, while its hand was holding a large sword that looked like thick Chinese cleaver.



That weapon was swung down along with a violent wind.



The holy sword that was raised without delay produced *ZUGAN-* sound that was impossible to be produced from the sword attack between fellow normal humans.



Although Kouki let go of the impact through his arm and knee, he held his breath 「guh」 reflexively, however, at the next moment he sent a kick at the knee of the bull head species, snapping the knee into '<' shape and broke his balance.



The created opening was fatal.



When the bull head species resisted from screaming and tried to retake his balance, the holy sword was already drawing an arc and got sucked into his neck.



Without even minding the neck that flew away like a joke, skeleton soldiers that were of eccentric species──the so called Skeleton──leaped out from the left and right of the bull head species.



The Skeletons' weapon was their very body that was formed from bones. Both of their hands were abnormally long, and their fingers were sharp like claw. The bone starting from their arm until their pinky grew thin and became a splendid sword hand when it was swung.



『You monster-』



『Perish!』



Kouki had never even imagined that a day would come when he got cursed at by Skeletons as a "monster".



Kouki pulled back his body slightly while knocking down altogether the sword hands that were thrust at him from both sides. The other hand of the Skeletons sprang up as though they had predicted that.



They unleashed simultaneous attack with matched breathing as though they were mirror reflection of each other, however, Kouki whose reflexes was superior smoothly dodged and unleashed two consecutive attacks as counter.



The heads of the Skeletons danced in the air.



『Got you-』



A strong spear was thrust through the gap between the bones of the collapsing skeleton. It came from a scaled dragon species behind the skeleton. The sharp thrust that although didn't match Ragar but it was by no means inferior, was stopped by the grip of Kouki's hand.



『Wha-』



Ignoring the voice of shock, when Kouki pulled the spear strongly toward himself, the scaled dragon species instinctively tried to hold his ground. However, Kouki's physical strength didn't allow that. The Dark Being was unable to stand firm and stumbled forward, and the holy sword was thrust into his throat.



Along with a vivid sensation, a hard to describe groan 『Gube!?』 prickled Kouki's ears. At the same time, the overflowing blood splattered dirtily on Kouki's shoulder stickily.



Although, it was meaningless to pay attention to that. After all Kouki's whole body was already dirtied by blood spurt from enemies. His state looked tragic.



The number he had defeated wasn't just several hundred. The <Dark Beings> he had defeated might already reach a thousand. The defeated <Dark Beings> were thrown away to the back by the hands of other <Dark Beings> themselves as though to say that they were in the way.



It seemed that <Dark Beings> almost held no sympathy to other species except to their own underling, so there were also several scenes of falling out between Dark Beings because the other treated their underling's corpse rudely but……



Currently, it seemed that their head was filled to the brim of who would be the one to defeat the abnormal warrior that couldn't be defeated at all no matter how long the battle was continuing.



Both Ragal and Niebla put importance at achieving meritorious deed.



At the era after <Dark Being> ruled over the world, meritorious deed was necessary in order to make the status of their own faction a firm one. For them who were carrying out the principle of supremacy of strength and the survival of the fittest for real, the meritorious deed of defeating the warrior with strength that could protect Arquette continuously by his lonesome must be exactly the same like "pillaging great treasure".



Kouki thought. He thought that it was something he was thankful of. Because the more they focused on himself like this, the more the burden to the barrier decreased and as long as Kouki's magic power was holding, then the protection toward Arquette was a sure thing, he thought.



Intense pain ran through his ankle sharply.



『I, caught you-』



One of the skeletons before this moved his hand even after losing his head and his claw was digging into Kouki's ankle. Looking at the thick miasma flowing from his head and coiled around his body, most likely he was moving his body remotely even now when his head was sent flying.



Seeing how the red light was almost vanishing from the skeleton's eye sockets, perhaps this was his very last act that he unleashed with all his strength.



Right after that, Kouki's field of vision was blanketed by barrage of miasma swords.



He swung the holy sword and deflected, deflected deflected deflected deflected!



「tsu, kuh, aAAAAAAAAAAH」



The tremendous amount caused Kouki to raise a roar when he noticed. He swung the holy sword with all his strength and slipped through the barrage of death. The last act of the Skeleton was certainly effective. His wound dulled his footwork, and Kouki was forced to focus his undivided attention into defense using his sword skill by necessity.



The miasma sword that he couldn't handle, or he purposefully neglected in order to avoid lethal wound created countless small wounds all over Kouki's body. Small sharp pains stimulated Kouki's consciousness from throughout his body, as though his body was giving alert messages.



The barrage that he thought might be continuing for eternity stopped still.



He shook off the claw that was still grasping his foot and then he tried to chant recovery magic, but <Dark Beings> pushed and shoved each other and charged toward him.



『He is wounded see-, now-』



『Kill-, Kill-, Kill-!!』



「tsu, shit-」



Even while swearing out, Kouki desperately slashed his holy sword and cut down the enemies.



What entered his ears were only words that wished for his death, or vilification, or voice of resentment that even resembled curse.



That was natural. Just how many <Dark Being> he had killed already. Right now he was a sworn enemy for them, a bitter enemy that had to be killed no matter what.



Even though he understood that, even though he understood that he had not the slightest qualification to think about such thing, but his heart was growing cold. It felt like his heart was getting decapitated from his body as much as he killed, as much as he almost got killed.



The sensation of cutting flesh, the feedback of bone severed, the blood spurt showering him, the more he got used to them, it felt like he was getting farther from being human──becoming a "monster" just like what they screamed at him.



『ZEAAAAAAAH!!』



「Gaah!?」



A loud scream of fighting spirit burst. Right at the next moment after that, he felt heat on his flank.



Although he barely dodged instinctually, his side was lightly gouged. If he was late in evading just by a moment more, it would be a fatal wound. Cold sweat trickled while he pierced the enemy's heart with a returning slash.



The sensation of the shadow of death steadily creeping near was invading Kouki's heart.



From before this there was moment when his concentration cut off and his thought was diverted. It was the proof of exhaustion. Mental exhaustion was accelerating the physical exhaustion.



Honestly speaking, the time was already past late at night. It was enough to call his stamina as unworldly.



But, even so, the time limit was approaching him.



Kouki scolded himself, that it was too early. He wasn't holding out for even half a day yet. If he spouted out big talk like "protecting", then it was still too early for him to collapse.



「──【Heav──」



『Become the offering of our species-!!』



He tried to chant recovery magic, however, he was obstructed by <Dark Beings> whose fighting spirit wasn't withering even for a bit no matter how many hundreds he was defeating.



'This is bad', his unease grew violent. If he shed blood, then his stamina would decrease quickly by that much.



He recalled his experience of chasing after monsters of Holy Precincts by continuously wandering for three days at【Northern Mountain Range Area】 without taking rest or meal. With the body of hero, such recklessness was possible if he at least made water to drink using magic.



But, nothing could be done if he shed too much blood. Recovery magic couldn't go as far as recovering the lost blood too, his thought would dull and his body would get exhausted easily the more blood he lost.



And, at that opening when he recalled his reckless adventure at Tortus like that, this time it was his shoulder that was lightly sliced.



Seeing his thought getting diverted again, Kouki gritted his teeth while continuing to kill one, and then one more enemy.



(Shit-, damn it-. What the hell me-, am I just this much-. You are a hero aren't you! You should be able to still go on! Don't think about unnecessary thing-. Just concentrate! You said that you are going to protect right!)



Slash. Slash. Slash. Slash. Slashed.



Slash. Slash. Slash. Slash. Gouged.



Slash. Slash. Slash. Slash. Punched.



With his wounds still unhealed, his wounds were gradually increasing.



Seeing such Kouki, the expression of the <Dark Beings> who were attacking while stepping on their compatriots was showing slight ecstasy that said「We will overcome him at this rate」……



「Kouki-dono-」



At the same time with such call, Kouki's body was enveloped in faint light.



When he looked back across his shoulder after sending flying one enemy in front of his eyes, Ivana and several vigilance corps members' figures were on the defensive wall of eastern gate looking like they were going to cry.



One of them was offering a prayer wholeheartedly. He must be using blessing art of healing.



Pain was receding gradually from his body. The little wounds other than his ankle, side, and shoulder were healing in visible progress even if slowly.



「Two third of the citizens had been sheltered-. In order to evacuate the rest, we are expanding the space right now-」



It seemed that more than half of the citizens could be evacuated into the underground space. If he could buy more time like this, then perhaps all the citizens could be evacuated into the tough shelter.



Kouki made a small smile.



「Please retreat for the moment! With the exception of the vigilance corps members that are essential for the evacuation, we will hold that place with all our force! At this rate-, you will-」



Ivana pleaded at him to take a rest.



But, he couldn't do what she said. Because the vigilance corps' strength was insufficient to be entrusted with this battlefield. If such thing was possible, then from the beginning he would have told them the strategy of taking turn.



The vigilance corps members weren't soldier. Even if they had the will for it, but their talent didn't permit them to fight. Just like that Anneal. They themselves should understand that.



At present, this blessing art of healing too, if this was performed by the art user of the capital, then his ankle, side, and shoulder's wound should have recovered completely already. The face of the vigilance corpse member who was using the art was distorted in frustration seeing how slow Kouki's wound was healing.



And so, that being the case, they must be trying to buy time for Kouki to rest exactly with the resolve of being annihilated to the last man.



That was why, he couldn't entrust it. He couldn't entrust this battlefield to them.



「Here is my battlefield! I won't entrust it to you all!」



「That's……」



Ivana's expression warped in grief.



While signing the enemies to oblivion, however, the feeling of Ivana and others who tried to be his strength somehow saved Kouki's heart.



「Haah!!」



『Guah!?』



『This guy-, still!?』



An attack with all his strength blown away two enemies altogether.



Using that opening, Kouki filled his voice with dominating aura and sent out his words.



「I can still fight! That's why──please back me up. Even if just healing me continuously help me a lot! When I give the signal, arrow or blessing art or anything is fine so attack the front line at that time!」



If he could make an opening even if just a little, he could heal large wound at that time. He could also create water ball using magic and replenish his rehydration. With the blessing art's healing, he would be able to not get bothered from small wounds.



Although Ivana and others were stunned for a moment from Kouki's words, they immediately made a determined expression. Even they had something they could do, they could be useful for the protector who was standing alone in the battlefield. Those facts encouraged their heart.



「Leave it to us-」



The voice of the trembling Ivana resounded.



Kouki roared while staring at the endless attacks.



「I won't withdraw no matter what-」



He wondered how much time had passed since the vigilance corps were starting to back him up.



Kouki who was continuing to fight determinedly didn't notice that the backup had stopped abruptly before he knew it.



He already had no composure to look back, his consciousness was half hazy. Therefore, he couldn't even confirm that Ivana and others were already spending their strength from using art until their life was at risk.



Also, the matter when Rothko and others tried to make Kouki retreat to the shelter which he then refused was also already far beyond at the corner of his memory.



Rothko and others persuaded Kouki that if they bought time using the defensive wall and the underground warehouse, then Kouki would also be able to rest enough, but Kouki judged that doing that was impossible.



The defensive wall could be climbed over by the <Dark Beings> physical capabilities and by using each other as stepping stone as had been proved at the beginning. If someone was overcame by the creeping up <Dark Being> then they wouldn't be able to buy enough time.



And above all else, if he went into rest right now……



Kouki had no confidence at all that he could stand back up again before the underground warehouse was destroyed. With his extreme exhaustion, once his tension and fighting spirit were loosened up, they wouldn't come back to normal easily. He wasn't able to deny the possibility that he wouldn't be able to move satisfactorily or that his consciousness would keep sleeping.



He feared that above all else.



That was why, in order to not let them come toward him in order to take him back, he cut off his own path of retreat.



If they came until here, then even if Kouki created barrier behind him, the <Dark Beings> wouldn't care.



They would only kill Kouki.



They would bring certain death to this sworn enemy that was a threat that couldn't be finished off with an army even now. Right now, rather than bringing down Arquette, removing this abnormality standing in their way was far more important.



Kouki mostly didn't even reply, he was merely showing his will using his action. Rothko and others were shedding tears while continuing to pray earnestly while lamenting that it was the only thing that they could do.



One time the【Divine Severance】 almost vanished and he drank his last magic power recovery medicine, but Kouki had no remembrance at all of doing that. He used the medicine from his subconscious sense of danger.



The backup stopped, he was already at a point where taking rest would lead to death, he had also used up his recovery method. He was merely swinging his sword toward the threat before his eyes.



Before he noticed, Kouki was inside a mysterious sensation.



The resenting voice and angry yell of the enemies became unclear and muffled as though time was slowing down, every single movement of them were also slow as though they were moving underwater.



However, that didn't mean that Kouki was speeding up.



Kouki himself was also feeling heaviness coiling around his whole body as though he was underwater. Just like how the opponents were slow, he was also slow.



Inside the world where everything was slow, however, it was only his thought that was strangely getting clearer.



Everything that happened until now was passing through his mind naturally.



If there was a third person, they might say that it was a revolving lantern phenomenon, but Kouki didn't realize that and he abandoned his thought into the emerging memories.



What emerged first, was the first person he encountered in this world.



──Kouki, is really kind huh



He yelled back angrily when he was told that. When he thought back now, it felt like he had vented his anger at that beautiful and strong queen a lot.



For some reason he easily exposed the deep part of his heart that he normally repressed to her. For some reason every single word of hers resounded in his heart and he became unable to keep up his façade.



──At the very least, that feeling of yours that think about other is "right". I will assert that



Even though he only came in contact with her for a short time, she was always giving affirmation to Kouki. Even though he actually had waekness and complex, the words that she gave to Kouki at the end were always kind.



(The feeling of wanting to save, wanting to protect──is right. If you assert that, then is it okay for me to think that the fight I'm doing right now is "right"?)



He pierced the heart of the bull head species in front of him, then using the holy sword that he pulled out while turning around, he lopped off the head of the scaled dragon species beside him. While bathed in blood spurt, the next memory that emerged was the little sister princess with strong peculiarity.



──Rather than the many that Koone loved, Koone treasure my only dear family



Just like "that guy", rather than the many people with unknown face, she would pick the person that was important to her. While condemning herself that she had no qualification to introduce herself as a royalty, even so she yelled that she wouldn't yield.



Even though she was in a position that was far more significant than himself, but that way of living that spoke of such thought without hesitation, he harbored much envy toward it.



(Surely, as a royalty……that is "mistaken". Picking a choice of not making use of me is a "mistake".)



Then, was that girl "evil"?



Kouki didn't think so. Because, that child, wasn't she resolved to die?, he thought. In exchange of making her big sister as priority, wasn't she resolved to receive everything by herself?, he thought.



Then, in the first place, just what was a "mistaken choice" then.



As though to pierce the emerging question, a conspicuously large Skeleton lunged with a sharp hand sword and lightly gouged Kouki's cheek. Without even minding that, Kouki grapsed tight the Skeleton's head in an eagle grasp and smashed it into the ground, he then pulverized the head further with a step of his foot while diagonally slashing a second bull head species.



In the interval of blood splash, the people of the capital were floating like illusion.



──There were husband and wife who fought in order to let anyone ate kukuri.



──There was a young man of the weapon shop who spoke of his dream that the weapon he made would help the soldiers.



──There was a ferryman who would rush around the battlefield transporting soldier in emergency.



Everyone wasn't thinking things like "no matter what we do, it's already impossible anyway" in the slightest.



That wasn't optimism, but a determination to accomplish the resolve of opposition. If the path that they picked rolled to a bad direction, wouldn't that decision make their important people unhappy……such unease, it didn't look like they were harboring such feeling in the slightest.



At the very least, they weren't people who would stop walking because of that.



(When I asked if they feel scared, everyone said the same thing──that they are scared. And yet, everyone smiled when saying that. Because that's something that they decide themselves they said.)



A huge spear made from miasma was flying near clad in wind of miasma like a tornado. When he tried to knock it down forcefully, Kouki's foot slipped. He couldn't raise his blade, and even though he knocked down the spear, it caused pain on his wrist.



He became unable to stand his ground. The hand that swung his sword was starting to shake from a reason other than fear──exhaustion. He felt something that chilled his heart from death that was approaching him one step closer.



──Because, I was born for the sake of fighting



A younger girl who declared the meaning of her birth with pride in her heart.



Her way of living that believed there was no mistake in her path, he felt much envy toward that.



──For me my grandfather, was a hero



Becoming like the idolized hero, having things went ideally……was impossible, such fact was thrust before her, however, she said 「Even so life is continuing」 with a smile. She found what she could do, and built up herself to be more than top-notch.



(Aa, come to think of it, I thought of Jii-chan for the first time in a while huh)



Finally, the holy sword was deflected. Until now, Kouki's attack that finished off most of the enemy in one swing finally defeated the enemy after two, three slashes.



Enemies that were observing Kouki's movement at the rear must also be starting to get used to Kouki's movement. But, more than that, his pure strength and speed were decreasing.



The dragon scaled species that he sent flying raised a warbled cry and stood back up. Beside it, this time the illusion of his grandfather──Amanogawa Kanji appeared.



──Kouki can become anything, you can do anything



That was Kanji's answer toward young Kouki who was asking him 'Can I perhaps become like Jii-chan?'.



'Really?' When Kouki asked that,



──Really, I told you. That's why you are named Kouki (TN: Kouki means brightness or splendor)



Name is the representation of body. That's why,



(The path that Kouki decide and advance through by yourself, will surely shine bright……. I have forgotten that all this time huh. Jii-chan's words) (TN: The word shine bright here use the exact same kanji like Kouki's name)



*GON*, graphic sound of bone breaking resounded from Kouki's body. The tail of a scaled dragon species sunk into his side. Without even being conscious of it, Kouki breathed out *kahah* while letting out a thrust at the nape of the scaled dragon species.



At last he received a damage that was hard to be overlooked. Even Kouki whose natural recovery rate was high couldn't immediately heal broken bone without magic.



Perhaps seeing the limit of strength of Kouki whose body was staggering, the <Dark Beings> showed expression of wild joy.



But, in contrast to the fierceness in the outside world, Kouki's inside was really calm. Quietly, but surely, something was connecting inside Kouki.



The many encounters, his experiences until now, the many worries, all of them were connecting in the middle of this extreme situation.



The girl childhood friend who brought him back even by hitting him yelled at the back of his mind.



──It shouldn't be like this? Something like that is obvious! There is no such thing like a life that will go as you want! Everyone, they gritted their teeth and endured, they held their head in worry, but they will say "even so" and then keep at it!



That's right huh, exactly like that. Even the people of this world, everyone is the same.



──If your path is mistaken, then punching and stopping you is the role of best friend right?



Aah, that's right. Just what is it I'm scared about? If I'm mistaken, you will punch and stop me, and yet



──Liar



Aa, Eri. It's exactly like you said. I'm a liar.



At that day, at that time, at that place, I indeed told you "I'll protect Eri", and yet.



I believed that by making the choice of "protecting", it was over just with that.



I believed that I had saved you just by stopping you from jumping down.



Even though there is no such thing like a life that will go as one wanted.



Even though life will continue even then.



Even though you were still going mad, and kept asking for help the whole time.



That's right.



I was always, finishing with just "choosing".



Even though what is truly important, is the "after choosing".



That's all there is to it.



Whether that choice is right, or mistaken, there is no way to understand because we cannot see the future.



I was frightened against such trivial thing, said thing like "I cannot believe myself", and in the end, I hesitated in even choosing……



*GOU* The atmosphere roared.



Kouki went 'hah' and his consciousness returned from the mysterious world of thought back to reality, and he became aware of the huge bull approaching before his eyes. The combat bull created from muddy black miasma was so big it filled the whole path with its body.



If it was Kouki who still had spare strength, he would be able to thrust his holy sword and destroy it.



But, his flesh that already welcomed the limit had insufficient strength to meet that charge.



「Gahah!?」



Although he barely evaded just the combat bull's horn, his torso got hit by the headbutt and he was sent flying. The impact that made his body felt like it would come apart shook his consciousness. Air was forcefully expelled from his lung and he couldn't breath.



He wrung out his willpower, thrust down the holy sword and defeated the combat bull, but he couldn't stop from falling on his knee.



Thinking that this time was the end for sure, the <Dark Beings> rushed forward like a flood in order to raise distinguished service.



The eyes of Kouki who raised his face weren't focused as though his mind was hazy. His blurry sight could see the approaching <Dark Beings> raising war cry in slow motion.



(Is it the end……in this kind of place……)



Even though, I found the answer……



He finally understood.



In feeling, wish, prayer, there was no such thing like mistake.



If one was serious, then everything was the real deal, what was important was sincerity.



After choosing, one must not run away from that feeling. One must not avert their eyes from the wish. One must not give up praying. That was the true battle.



Even though he finally understood.



(Will it end, without me unable to protect?)



'I'll protect everyone', he said. Toward the young boy, toward the feudal lord who thought about his people, toward everyone of the vigilance corps.



(Will I, lie again?)



Because, I have done my best? Because I risked my life? That's why, it's fine even if I give up already right?



(Don't-, screw around-!!)



「aAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!!」



『tsu!? You bastard-!?』



The large sword that was swung down by a bull head species was deflected back by the holy sword of Kouki who was screaming as though his throat was going to burst.



'Just where in the hell such strength is coming from', the expression of the bull head species was cramping with such meaning that could easily be understand despite his grotesque feature.



(Fight-, fight-, fight!! You want to protect even if you have to kill them aren't you! You chose that right! Then fight-)



He scolded himself.



Something snapped inside Kouki. It was a feeling that he had tasted several times, however, Kouki had no leeway to pay that any mind.



But, if he could see his status plate, then he would surely notice that there was one addition of derivative skill there.



──Limit Break's special derivation War Demon



Originally, Limit Break raised up the whole specs by several times along with the increase of magic power, but this <War Demon> didn't have magic power increase. His specs also didn't increase. However, no matter how broken up the body was, the magic power inside the body would be used to reinforce the body as though it was replacement for plaster cast, and the user would only continue to fight intently with this special derivative skill.



Because it was almost like a self-destructing technique, almost nobody was awakened to this skill.



This was the crystallization of feeling that bloomed exactly because Kouki's heart shouted in this extreme situation.



That scream was,



──Fight! Fight! To the end of that choice, following your wish, fight until this body become trash!



「oOOOOOOOOO-!!」



『Thi, this monster-』



For the first time since the beginning until now, the <Dark Beings> were backing away. The loud pressuring scream and fighting spirit that could only be described as ghastly almost swallowed them up.



(My body, is moving-. I can still, fight-)



He didn't understand why his body was moving.



But, such thing didn't matter.



(Step in, more. Look at the whole. As long as they aren't a beast, the movement of human body is mostly decided!)



More efficiently. To the necessary place, at the necessary time, using the necessary strength, accurately.



'That was what you were taught right', he told himself.



(……Aa, so I forgot even this kind of thing)



His memories of until now that flowed in like revolving lantern. The things that he forgot, that he lost sight of were resurrected.



He learned the sword style of knight because he was the hero of the kingdom. However, there was the sword that he learned side by side with his childhood friend farther in the past. Caught by his position as hero and his mistaken impression, or perhaps because of his guilt of betrayal, he buried it at the bottom of his heart all this time.



A bull head species swung down a large sword.



If it was the him so far until now, he would use his specs as hero and deflected back the attack. But, he already didn't have the spare strength for that so……



The moment he received the opponent's sword, he averted the sword attack using the shift of his wrist, and at the same time he changed the hand holding the sword to his other hand and cut up.



──Yaegashi-style sword art Otoha Nagashi (TN: Sound Blade Flow)



The name was because the moment the sword attack was averted, two swords scraping against each other produced a clear tone.



The bull head species didn't feel any recoil from his sword, and when he noticed himself was already cut with his life ended, his eyes opened still.



A scaled dragon species unleashed a mowing down attack using a huge spear.



If it was before, he would knock down the attack or dodge.



Now he kept the point of his sword pointed straight while shifting his upper body, however, he didn't retreat but stepped forward and thrust the sword.



──Yaegashi-style sword art Kasumiugachi (TN: Haze Pierce)



By shifting the distance perception using the upper body's back and forth movement and shoulder's motion, the huge spear's horizontal mow ended up striking empty air. The scaled dragon species whose eyes were opened wide lost his life with his last sight being an attack that looked like three thrust unleashed at the same time.



A Skeleton came lunging using his sword hand.



If it was before Kouki would meet the attack using his holy sword.



He grasped the sword hand with one hand and made the skeleton floated in the air using a twisting throw and body movement.



──Yaegashi style martial art Kyourai (TN: Mirror Lightning)



This technique threw the opponent using Aikido move and then attacked while the opponent was midair. But, this time it was used to hold back a second Skeleton, and the moment the two Skeletons collided, he mowed down the two altogether using his holy sword.



The kingdom's knight sword art wasn't bad by any means. Rather, a transcendent ability and the knight sword art──especially the strong sword style of Meld Logins had good compatibility.



But, for his current self whose specs were degrading……the ancient martial arts of Yaegashi-style that he learned for a long time, a style for the sake of "the weak overthrowing the strong" was the most optimum.



Not relying on physical strength to the utmost of his ability, not burdening his body, while getting the better of the enemy using technique.



Because of the strange movement that was different from before, the <Dark Beings> could be seen clearly that they were perplexed.



(Although, it's hard doing it with western sword. How long I can fight while being conscious? Can my consciousness last──)



Kouki was concerned with the feeling of discrepancy that came from using Yaegashi-style with a weapon that wasn't katana, but……



At that moment, the holy sword was enveloped in faint light.



The <Dark Beings> were on guard wondering what Kouki was planning, but Kouki's feeling of amazement was more than what they were feeling.



Kouki reflexively closed his eyes toward the holy sword that was enveloped in light despite him not doing anything. He couldn't even see the sword blade because of the light.



If the time was counted it was only several seconds.



Before long the light settled down. And there,



「Ka, katana……」



Yes, the holy sword changed shape. Although there wasn't wave pattern on the sword blade, but what was there was certainly a katana with single edge and curving shape. Looking closely, when he noticed even the sheath had changed shape.



「Ha, hahah」



A smile emerged on his mouth unconsciously. The figure that was bathed in blood spurt and yet looked smiling looked gruesome that even the <Dark Beings> looked backing away.



But, Kouki didn't even pay attention to that.



(Come to think of it, no matter what happen you keep lending me your strength huh)



Even if he let go of it, it would come flying if he raised his hand. Even when he tried to return it, it flew to him by its own will. Even when he got carried away, even when he was a betrayer, even when he was lost, it never forsook him and continued to choose him as its wielder.



And then, now it even changed shape to respond to Kouki's wish.



'Aah', he thought.



His consciousness was still hazy, and everywhere in his body was screaming, however……



「There is a holy sword(partner) in my hand. Then, there is no way, I'll lose」



If he was defeated, his holy sword(partner) might fall into enemy's hand. Only that he wouldn't allow.



He found one more reason to fight.



He suddenly noticed. Without him knowing, there was a sun ray alighting down from the sky. From the gap of the cloudy sky, the sunlight looked like a stair that was continuing to heaven──it was likely that the morning sun was shining in.



The night, had ended.



Seeing that, Kouki's smile deepened further and,



「If you choose the path of survival then I won't pursue. But, if you choose to fight──」



Slowly he put the holy sword into the sheath, and he lowered his waist. His hand, was still touching the handle loosely.



「I won't ask for forgiveness. I will……kill you all until I perish.」



A tranquil fighting spirit, and grand words of resolve, spread through the battlefield.



AN: Thank you very much for reading every time.



Thank you very much too for the thoughts, opinions, and reports about misspelling and omitted words.



This might be, a story where the heroine is the holy sword……



Next time, the reinforcement arrives. What they will see there is



PS



It seems that comic version of Arifureta entered the Top 30 of Nikoniko's first half of the year ranking.



This too is thanks to everyone who read it! And then thanks to RoGa-sensei!



Really thank you very much. Please take care of me from now on too!



Nevertheless, this year too, half a year has passed huh……haee





Chapter 274




「What's the status with the sortie preparation-」



The harsh voice of Moana who was wrapped in battle outfit was reverberating in the palace's corridor. She was walking fast with her footsteps making clapping sound as though to express her impatient feeling. Beside her, her close aides with Spenser, Donar, and Linden in the lead were accompanying her.



Spenser replied to Moana's question with a stern expression.



「It's possible for three thousand to sortie in our state. However, the number of arous is insufficient, we are also mobilizing soldiers from the neighboring monitoring base, but we will need at the very least one day to reach the expected number.」



「That's no good. Too slow. Three thousand is fine. We are departing right away.」



「Don't speak unreasonably.」



When Spenser said that chidingly, Moana stopped walking and turned her gaze.



「There is no other way than pushing through recklessly. Right now, even in this very moment Arquette is in the verge of being annihilated!」



That voice contained grief. It was something rare to come from Moana who always endeavored to be composed no matter the time. That was just how abnormal and dangerous the situation was, but for Spenser who had been at Moana's side since she was born, he could guess that wasn't all.



Koone and others who should have departed from the capital at noon the day before yesterday to head toward Arquette returned back at the forenoon today in a desperate state even while being exhausted. Thinking about the distance between the capital and Arquette, their return was too early even if they were taking day trip. Most likely they were rushing back through the night without resting.



Koone and others who returned back looked like they were going to collapse. When they asked Koone and others just what in the world was going on that caused their state to be abnormal like that, the answer they were given was about a situation that was hard to believe.



After making Koone and others rest, Moana naturally wasted no time to assemble her close aides in hurry and instructed them for sortie preparation to reinforce Arquette.



But, there were two problems regarding the sortie preparation.



First was the number of the enemy that was a large army of ten thousand.



The other problem was that they were fighting against time.



The battle strength that was permanently stationed in the capital was twenty thousand in total. The total battle strength from the citizens of the capital was less than thirty thousand. There were several cities set up at the boundary line between the desert and grassland and along the coastline. These cities doubled as surveillance base. If all the soldier force in those cities were mobilized, their number would barely reach a hundred thousand.



It looked enough for a battle force, but the matter wasn't that simple.



After all, the situation this time was a completely abnormal situation. The <Dark Being> had obtained a method to attack the rear while ignoring the front line.



In that case, there was no way they could left the capital unguarded. In this situation where the early detection of enemy using the unobstructed view of the desert was rendered meaningless, enough battle force had to be left behind in the capital no matter what.



In addition, seeing how it would be meaningless unless they reinforced Arquette before the city fell, they had to mobilize using arous no matter what. Because they definitely wouldn't make it in time if the soldier walked by foot to go there.



But, naturally the number of arous available was fewer than the number of soldier.



With arous that were trained to not fear battle, and including the arous that were collected from the capital's citizens, and by also further preparing not to carry any luggage as much as possible, and even after using method where multiple people would ride one arous in place of the luggage, they still couldn't secure arous in the number that could transport ten thousand soldiers.



Even the number three thousand that Spenser said was already an amazing response to be able to prepare that many in this short time.



Nevertheless, challenging ten thousand enemies with three thousand was still too rash.



Spenser had to admonish that action as the royal guard captain.



「Your majesty. However, speaking realistically, we cannot challenge an army of ten thousand with three thousand.」



「Spenser. Certainly I think that's reckless. But, I'm not merely saying that without making any calculation at all.」



Moana started walking again while speaking her thought.



「If Arquette's defensive wall is functioning, it will be possible for us charge through the enemy and enter the city. After that we will hole up there while waiting for the infantry and soldiers from the surveillance bases to arrive, before launching pincer attack from outside and inside the city.」



It was a strategy that was riddled with problem.



Certainly, if they could enter Arquette and then holing up inside, it would be possible for them to endure until the soldier force that was the combination from every area arrived. If it was the art users of the capital, they could easily reinforce and repair the defensive wall, while it would be easy for the soldiers to defeat the <Dark Beings> that sporadically crossed the defensive wall.



The greatest bottleneck of being in the defensive side of a siege that was the food supply was also not a problem seeing that Arquette was a city where harvest was accumulated in there.



But,



「The gate must be closed right now. How are we going to go in?」



「We can use art to send notification for them to open the gate by matching our timing, or we can even use art to create a huge slope to cross the defensive wall. There are many ways that can be used.」



「If we lagged even just for a bit, we will get surrounded and then annihilated. It's a gamble that is really bad for heart. Even if for example we managed that……the plan can only work assuming they are still outside the wall you know? What are we going to do in the case the city has fallen?」



「…………If that's the case, we will retreat. We will wait until the infantry and soldiers from every area link up with us.」



Spenser nodded while saying 「Hmm」. If she was able to choose the option of retreat there, then he guessed that she was still calm.



But, that too was undoubtedly also a gamble. It was doubtful whether they could really retreat after approaching the enemy until the range where they came into view. There wasn't any guarantee that the enemy wouldn't lying in ambush for their arrival after taking down Arquette.



Not to mention the <Dark Beings> should have realized that some people had escaped.



Honestly speaking, Spenser had judged that Arquette's situation was "despairing". It was a rear base with only defensive wall without even any decent soldier. It was impossible for the city to hold out for several days under the attack of a large army of ten thousand.



In that case, even if taking back the city was something they inevitable had to do, the royal guard captain, Spenser ought to think about the safety of the queen. A decision where they should refrain from departing until they could secure enough force had to be made.



However, he also understood Moana's feeling really well. For Spenser, knowing that the people they had to protect was in a crisis made him unable to be calm. Rather, he felt his stomach getting churned up when thinking that even now Arquette was being trampled.



Perhaps perceiving that indecision of Spenser, Moana added her words with a heavy and compelling voice.



「We have to depart right now. Am I wrong, Spenser?」



「……It's about Kouki-dono, isn't it?」



「Yeah.」



'As I thought', Spenser thought while closing his eyes.



「I understand your worry. You are wondering whether I'm getting rash, or that I'm losing my calm because of Kouki, right?」



「……Yes.」



Moana nodded while smiling bitterly.



「Certainly, my personal feeling is wanting to go to help Kouki. He is weak even though he is that strong, he torment himself, causing him to be unable to make his decision, but even so he desperately wished to advance forward and keep struggling……I want to help him. I want to become his aid.」



That mysterious young man who was imprisoned by his own mysterious feeling. Even though she had known him only for a few days, but he strangely left impression in her memory, as a person with broken heart.



「Something must had happened in his past. I don't know much about him. Just what happened that he is tormenting himself so much like that? That he can be so disappointed with himself like that?」



Kouki sometimes spoke out his feeling as though he was venting his anger. She could make a guess from that, but Moana instead didn't think too deep about it. Because she wanted to hear it from his own mouth someday, when he wanted to talk to her about it.



「He avoided killing, he is scared of getting killed, he is unable to believe his own decision……however, even though he might not notice it himself, but in the end, he cannot help but saving the people beside him. Because, he is kind.」



Perhaps, that was exactly why he was called as hero. She thought like that.



「Hey, Spenser. When someone who surely ought to be the person who is the most unrelated to fighting said that he will remain behind in an extremely dangerous place, just what is that person actually thinking?」



「……I am a soldier. I don't know the answer. But……I understand the degree of his resolve. I think that he is an owner of resolve that is worthy of respect.」



Moana nodded in agreement.



「That's right. Then we have to meet his expectation.」



Her personal feeling affected her decision. But, her feeling as queen also affected that decision to the same degree.



「An unrelated man without any obligation or duty is risking his life for the sake of our people by himself alone. He is fighting while believing that we are rushing there as reinforcement.」



Not only Spenser, the complexion of all the close aides who were thinking of remonstrating Moana changed.



「This isn't about logic. Am I wrong?」



It was dangerous to go with small force. The safety of the queen had to be prioritized. Arquette's situation was already hopeless. One ought to be rational in front of real problem.



Indeed, all those reasons could just eat shit.



「Indeed. Anything other than that will rot our warrior's soul.」



Spenser smiled while nodding. He had said what he should said as a royal guard. But the queen that he loved and respected still gave her command even then. In that case, taking action by following his soul wasn't something to be sad about. His smile naturally changed into a fearless smile.



「We will depart with three thousand. We will force ourselves to push through. However, we won't do anything thoughtless. Entrust the warrior soul of all of you to me. Spenser, spread my command!」



「By your will-」



Spenser gave his greatest salute to Moana before dashing away.



「The title as soldier chief is a troubling thing in this kind of time. I'm envious toward Spenser.」



「It's just as you said.」



Soldier chief Donar and head art user Linden breathed out a sigh simultaneously. They would stay behind to guard the capital and organized the following force. But, they themselves also wanted to rush out right now without delay.



「Don't say that. It's because you two are staying behind that we can depart without any worry about the future. Besides, the new threat of the <Dark Being>……it's likely that in the battle from now on, base defense will become meaningless. I'll have all of you rush around to my heart's content too.」



「Hahah, we are looking forward to that. However……sudden appearance from empty air, is it……」



Soldier chief Donar groaned with a grim expression. That expression looked as though it was directed toward different matter rather than that threatening phenomenon itself.



Moana who sensed that nodded with a loathing expression.



「…..Only "that guy" can do such thing.」



Linden continued after her.



「It must be the <Dark King>. Making miasma materialize at far away distance. It also happened at the battle five years ago. But, he should be able to do it within only fifty meter at best. Also even though he was able to manipulate miasma, he shouldn't have the ability to teleport other <Dark Being>.」



「It looks like all this time he isn't just healing his wound.」



Moana's loathing expression changed into an even more bitter expression. But, she shook her head and showed a determined face,



「From here on a war even fiercer than five years ago will start. This time for sure, one side will win and gain the right of survival, whether it's mankind or the <Dark Being>. It will become a war to decide that. All of you, take care of Koone.」



「……Your will.」



「……As your majesty will it.」



Both Donar and Linden also closed their eyes after a brief silence. They reflected upon Moana's resolve and wish.



She commanded them to prioritize her little sister rather than herself who had lost most of her strength.



They silently accepted the resolve of her who had already like their own daughter, who at the same time had also splendidly grown to become a respectful king.



The outer edge part of the oasis river of Synclea royal capital. Three thousand soldiers were standing by there while mounting arous.



In order to stand in front of them, Moana also approached toward her personal mount Haumu who was made to stand by in front of the stable. The old man who was taking care of Haumu bowed his head reverently and handed over the rein.



Moana said her thanks to the old man and he gently stroked Haumu's nose tip. Even Haumu who usually would frolic(bite) at her currently was only staring still at Moana without showing any reluctant behavior.



「Even Haumu somehow understand it huh……」



Moana whispered while narrowing her eyes with her way of speaking turning casual. She pressed her forehead on Haumu's nose tip and closed her eyes.



「You are my mount. Most likely the time of your death will be the same like me. And then, that time is already nearing. No doubt about that.」



「Fuhn」



Haumu let out a huff, the glint of his eyes showering down Moana as though to say 'so what'. He was the one and only mount of the king. He didn't fear death or anything, such dominating aura was conveyed even without any spoken words.



Moana smiled widely toward such Haumu. And then, in order to bestow a worthy accessory for the mount of king, she took out a ribbon from her pocket──



「Onee-chan!」



「Koone?」



When she turned around, Koone was there. Not only Koone, Spike, Lilin, and others, the members who followed Koone to Arquette were all there.



Moana who somehow guessed what Koone was going to say opened her mouth before Koone could say anything.



「You must not, Koone. You stay here.」



「But──」



「There is no way it can be allowed that not a single royalty is staying at the capital in this situation. You understand right?」



She understood. Even Koone understood something like that. However, it was exactly because it was this kind of situation that her heart couldn't allow her big sister to go to a battlefield where she might die. Fierce unease and feeling of despair where it felt like the ground under her was crumbling attacked Koone.



And then, unexpectedly even for herself, she wanted to obtain the confirmation as quickly as possible with a feeling that was as strong as her concern toward her big sister. The confirmation of Kouki's safety.



「Onee-chan, Koone is──」



Koone tried to vehemently argue further, but as expected her words were interrupted, by the index finger of her big sister that touched her lips softly.



「Koone, be reasonable. Both I and Koone has duty as royalty. As your onee-chan, I am really happy with Koone's feeling. But──I will accomplish what I ought to fulfill. Until that time when I used up this life.」



「tsu」



Moana's words weren't the usual kind and pampering words. She didn't say "It will be fine" or "Onee-chan won't leave Koone".



Fulfilling one's duty. She would do that. You too do that. Those were the words of queen. The time where she could just be the kind onee-chan for Koone was over.



「You understand right? After all Koone is the little sister I'm proud of.」



「tsu, tsu……under, stand. Koone, understand-」



Perhaps, this would be their last meeting in this life. Koone nodded while desperately holding back her tear duct from bursting.



Moana strongly hugged Koone whose expression distorted from holding back from crying as though she was hugging a treasure. Koone too also hugged back tightly, really tightly.



「I'll leave the capital in your hand, Koone.」



「Yes, Onee-cha──your majesty. May luck be with you.」



Hearing her beloved little sister changing how she was calling her, Moana was feeling like she was going to cry despite it was herself who was causing Koone to do that.



Moana made a smile so that Koone wouldn't notice that, but seeing Koone's faint smile and gaze, it seemed that she had been seen through. "As expected from my Koone-tan", she used that way of calling only inside her heart.



「Your majesty, we──」



Spike who was at a loss for word from seeing the exchange between Moana and Koone asked hesitantly.



「Of course, all of you stay behind. With how Spenser is accompanying me, the leader of the royal guard in the capital is now Spike. Protect Koone.」



「tsu, by your will.」



Actually, he wanted to turn around and returned to Arquette. Even while biting his lips, Spike returned a salute in order to accomplish his role.



It seemed that all the members of Koone's escort party shared that feeling. Every single one of them was making the same expression.



Especially Lilin, the expression of the girl who was boasting 「I was born for the sake of fighting」 was filled to the brim with shame because of turning her back toward the enemy regardless of how she managed to accomplish her role of protecting Koone.



Even so she didn't say anything the same like Spike. That was why, Koone opened her mouth in their place.



「Onee-cha──your majesty. Can you allow to let at least Lilin to accompany you?」



「Hm? Lilin?」



Not just Moana, even Lilin was gazing in wonderment at Koone's suggestion.



「Yes. Lilin is Spenser's direct subordinate in the first place. She joined Koone's escort squad in case of unexpected situation. And most of all, Koone think that it's better that someone who know about Arquette's current situation to accompany your majesty just in case.」



It was a reasonable suggestion. And above all else, Koone's feeling behind her words that wanted Moana to bring at least one person from her escort squad into the battle could be really felt.



Moana said 「I see」 and nodded, then



「How is your exhaustion? You will be going back to Arquette non-stop without even a wink of sleep. You also lent your strength for Arquette's defense correct?」



「There is no problem. Your majesty, I beg you to take me into the battlefield. Please give me the chance to slaughter the enemy in the front line.」



The words of Lilin who were bowing her head made Moana smiled wryly reflexively. Spike and others also seemed to feel the same. They made wry smile toward vigorous fighting spirit of the youngest girl of the escort squad.



「Fine then. Lilin, return to your home unit for now. I'm looking forward to your performance in battle.」



「I thank your majesty. I will display my wind for your majesty to see, carving apart the enemies that got away from hero-sama no matter how many they are.」



Spike and others called at Lilin 「Kill a lot for our part too」. Beside them, Koone spoke to Moana.



「Can Koone ask your majesty to give message to hero-sa──to Kouki-sama?」



「……Yeah.」



「──Tell him, 『How dare you did as you please without even asking Koone for permission! You better prepare yourself!』」



「Fuh, fufufuh, go, got it. I will convey the message without fail.」



Kouki was surely alive. The message with a content that was based on such premise caused Moana to be unable to hold her laughter down while thinking that it would surely be hell for Kouki even if he was alive.



Like that, not even thirty minute after that, the soldier force led by Moana departed for Arquette.



Less than two days since the force departed from the capital.



Perhaps it should be said as expected, almost three days had passed since Koone and others escaped from Arquette.



The arous were running with everything they had, even so they are putting up with sprinting while carrying two or three adult men who were fully equipped, so they needed rest no matter what. In addition, as expected marching with three thousand troops even by riding arous lowered their speed compared to marching with only several dozen troops.



The time was several minutes passed the noon. It was about the afternoon of the sixth day since the day Kouki was summoned.



For an army with number of more than a thousand to be able to cross the distance that normally would take one day and a half in that time could be said to be fast enough already.



The army already entered the grassland area and all the arous became animated and increased their speed even further.



「Lilin. If I remember correctly, Kouki deployed a barrier of light that covered the whole Arquette right?」



Moana asked while repressing her impatient feeling.



「Yes, Moana-sama. ……It was a solemn and mystical barrier, not letting the whole army of ten thousand to pass. It was an amazing sight.」



Lilin answered while her eye glint glittered with fighting spirit toward the nearing battlefield. Spenser who was riding at Moana's side shook his head and opened his mouth.



「At that time when we were attacked by Ragar, we were also covered by shining half sphere barrier. It's likely to be the same technique. It had toughness that wouldn't twitch even with the full strength attack of Ragar but……for the same technique to cover the whole city……it's hard to even imagine, a truly miraculous work.」



Spenser's expression seemed to want to say 「What an unbelievable power」.



「Light of protection……then, we should be able to see it from afar before long. Spenser, what about the lookout at the surrounding?」



「There is no gap in our lokout. I have already sent out scouts to every directions. It should be about time for them to return temporarily……」



Before Spenser could finish speaking, one arous showed itself crossing a small hill and joined up into the rank.



Spenser's eyes were scrutinizing the scout's conspicuous act of crossing the hill. The scout was a young soldier who had returned from confirming the situation of Arquette. He was approaching Spenser's position.



Spenser was thinking whether he should scold the scout's rash act, also for focusing everyone's mind, but he stopped from speaking after seeing the scout's eyes that were wavering in bewilderment.



「Commander. Re, reporting」



「Muh, from your look, is there something ahead? Let's hear it.」



The scouts resolved himself and opened his mouth while Moana and others were also listening carefully.



「Yes-. Regarding the barrier of light that we heard beforehand……I couldn't confirm it's existence.」



*hyuh* The sound of breath caught in the throat rang out. It came from Moana. Her complexion turned pale. Beside her Lilin was gritting her teeth audibly and her expression warped in vexation.



There was no barrier of light. That was to say, it was the proof that the person who casted the barrier had ran out of strength.



Holding back Moana from reflexively trying to ask for reconfirmation, Spenser told the scout to continue his report. The most important information was the approximate amount of enemy's current number and whether Arquette had fallen or not──putting it another way, it was the evaluation standard to decide whether they should withdraw the army or kept advancing.



「……Is Arquette fallen?」



「That's……that……I don't know.」



「What?」



Spenser didn't understand what the scout meant. The scout should have seen Arquette's situation from afar. The scout should be able to see how many <Dark Being> was surrounding Arquette, and whether the gate was already destroyed or not. Spenser's eyes narrowed like a hawk that was fixed toward the scout, asking what he meant.



The scout gulped, and then he continued speaking a bit rapidly to convey the situation that he witnessed as it was.



「It looks like the gate was destroyed! However, around Arquette, there are only a great number of Dark Beings' corpses, I practically cannot catch sight of any moving thing! The number of the corpses, I didn't confirm it from every directions, but at the very least in the east side there were──」



「What, say it clearly! Was it several hundred?」



If that was the case, then the possibility was that the large army of <Dark Being> had already subdued Arquette and occupied the city and right now they were hiding inside, or they were advancing toward the neighboring territory, or perhaps they were standing by somewhere in order to launch ambush.



But, as though to blow away that doubt of Spenser, a shocking report with content that was indeed worthy to bewilder the scout was given.



「Sir-, based from my observation, it was roughly──around six thousand, I think.」



「……Ha?」



Spenser unconsciously leaked out a stupid sounding voice. But not just him, even Moana and others also showed an expression that wanted to ask just what this person was saying.



「It, it's true. There is really a great number of corpses lying around, even I myself don't know just what is……」



「……Calm down. Were the corpses really the corpse of those guys? What about the possibility of some kind of fake body?」



「Still, I didn't mistake fake corpses as the real thing. All those are certainly dead <Dark Beings>. Even corpses just from species that we knew like bull head species, scaled dragon species, eccentric species……all those are……」



Spenser said 「Good work」 and told the scout to withdraw, and then he looked back at Moana.



「What do you think, your majesty?」



「……Do you think Kouki did that?」



「……I don't know. It's hard to believe that so suddenly. In Koone-sama's report, Kouki-dono himself said that he would run out of strength first against such number. Currently there is no barrier and the gate is opened. Frankly, it's impossible to decide with this unexpected situation. Perhaps we should think that this is some kind of trap by the enemy.」



Certainly it was just as Spenser said. Moana nodded at Spenser's concern and she closed her eyes for a while.



And then she put her thought in order and opened her eyes.



「We are advancing. If there is no enemy and Arquette's gate is opened, then it's fortuitous. We have to make sure of the city's situation.」



「……By your will. We will increase the lookout to the surrounding.」



Regardless of the enemy's nonexistence, there was no way they could withdraw without ascertaining the safety of the citizens. Spenser also agreed with that decision.



The army fastened their pace while being on guard and hurried toward Arquette.



Before long Arquette's state came into view. Moana and the others held their breath.



Just as the scout said, a great number of <Dark Beings> were lying down nearby the east gate. It was clear even from afar that they were dead with lack of body part or severed into two. The cause was undoubtedly from slash attack. It seemed that the cause of the <Dark Beings>' death wasn't from unforeseen circumstance.



「We are continuing ahead.」



The army rushed through the corpses on Moana's order. The corpses were lying on top of each other so much that there was no empty place to step on.



「The blood trace, the position of loss body part, the way they fell……your majesty. It seems these guys were thrown away after getting cut down around the gate.」



「……The north part and southern part looks clean.」



「From the scout's report, it looks like that the west part only have the grain farm area getting ruined but there is mostly no trace of fighting there.」



Moana and others approached quite near the gate before long.



There were also traces of fierce fighting around there too. Everywhere there were the expired bodies of <Dark Being>.



But, at that time, their ears suddenly caught sound of tumult.



「tsu, let's go-」



They passed through the gate. The sound of tumult was getting louder. While the army was spreading through the city with Spenser's instruction, the main force was running toward the tumult following Moana's order.



Houses were destroyed into a tragic state that was clear even just from a glance. The street was messed up as though the ground had been plowed through. And then there were the countless expired <Dark Beings>.



But, they still hadn't found even a single corpse of human.



「Moana-sama! The underground vault is ahead from here! It's at the other side of that big warehouse!」



「I know!」



Moana nodded at Lilin's report. The tumultuous sound was gradually getting louder. The number of expired <Dark Being> was also getting more numerous. The number might reach a thousand even just inside the city.



「The direction ahead! Enemy sighted! Vanguard, charge!」



The moment they turned around the corner from the street that stretched straight from the east gate, they caught sight of countless <Dark Beings>. Although, it appeared that they weren't taking position in order to meet the advance of Moana and the others.



The <Dark Beings> were crowding the street, they were even spreading on the buildings' rooftop. All of them were facing toward a single direction. They only finally noticed Moana and others at the same time when they came into view.



Moana and others felt question seeing that. Even so, there was no need to hesitate with enemy in front of their eyes.



They charged the <Dark Beings> from behind and routed the enemy. A squad climbed to the rooftops following Spenser's instruction and they opened combat against the enemies on the rooftops.



It was hard to use large force inside a limited space. Moana's main force divided further into small units, spreading into alleys and streets like water pervading into countless ditches.



The <Dark Beings> fought back, but the momentum of the soldiers who were driven by rage was tremendous and the enemies were routed one after another. The reinforcement army was advancing forward and forward.



The army didn't hesitate in their path.



Because they could just charge forward toward the direction where the several thousand <Dark Beings> were crowding into.



Like that Moana and others advanced for a while.



Before long, Moana and others arrived at the center of the tumult, they came out at the other side of the large building──the large warehouse that still had its walls standing strong despite having its roof destroyed. There they saw it.



A place that became a mountain of rubble, where most of the surrounding buildings were collapsed.



At that place that was becoming like a large plaza, there were several hundred <Dark Beings> who were tightly forming a round besiegement, and about the same number of expired <Dark Beings> at the surrounding.



And then, at the center, was him.



Surrounded by enemy from all directions, assaulted continuously without any pause……



It was difficult to search any spot on his body that was safe. He had literally become wounded all over his body……



However, under his feet there was a solid looking door made from metal……



──Aa



That was a sigh that was leaked out by someone.



Determination.



That figure which was the embodiment of that word shook the soul of the warriors.



And then, the <Dark Beings> who were only concentrating at the enemy before their eyes finally noticed the existence of Moana and others.



They all stiffened for a moment.



The one who moved first was her majesty the queen whose soul was shaken.



「tsu, Roar-, oh warriors! Annihilate the enemy! Save him──Save Kouki!!」



──oOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH!!!



The war cry of the warriors' soul shook Arquette.



AN: Thank you very much for reading every time.



Thank you very much too for the thoughts, opinions, and reports about misspelling and omitted words.



Sorry that this chapter feel half-baked. It feels like I will receive scolding 'Isn't this only barely fulfilling the advance notice of previous chapter, or rather it hasn't reached even that', but I'm thinking of splitting the chapter because of the word number, I'm sorry (sweat)



Forgive Shirakome who is generally unable to follow the plan



Also, regarding the descend of that guy, I'm thinking of lengthening the number of day of Liliana's speech by two, three days.



It's inexcusable toward those who is looking forward to it, but as expected I want to make Kouki do it until the end here.



PS:



At Comic Galdo, a spinoff called 「Arifureta Nichijou de Sekai Saikyou」was starting serialization.



It can be seen at Overlap-sama's homepage, so please have a look if it pleases you.



The view point is the serious Yue, but the key point was from Shirakome's pov lol





Chapter 275




Looking at the number, both sides were about equal. The battle strength between the kingdom army and the <Dark Being> army should be in balance against each other.



But, in reality it wasn't like that at all.



It was just like a clump of weed getting swallowed by muddy stream.



That could only be said to be natural. After all in this place, everything in every senses were working in the kingdom army's favor.



First, thanks to almost all the <Dark Beings> congregated at the surrounding of Arquette's underground vault, it was possible to surround them despite the location being in the middle of city.



Second, the kingdom army had the geographical advantage that was urban warfare.



Third, there was already no more blessing power that could be eaten at the surrounding, although only for a bit but the <Dark Beings> looked exhausted.



Fourth, it was only within a part of the <Dark Beings>, but because they had been continuously losing fighting against only one person, fear against human was starting to grow in them.



And then, above all else, the bloodcurdling fighting spirit of the kingdom army soldiers were increasing without any end in sight, the pressure from that beaten down the moral of the enemies. Without doubt that was the greatest cause of the curbstomp.



The righteous indignation of Arquette getting attacked. The vindication of honor for five years ago. Hatred toward the very race of <Dark Being> itself.



Just one person──



Even though he bore no duty or responsibility whatsoever, he continued to fight for three whole days while getting worn out. The soldiers' feeling toward that person couldn't be expressed with words.



For a soldier, after witnessing such an exalted gallant figure, there was no way they couldn't be shaken. There was no way they could stop their soul from roaring.



Fierce.



A fighting spirit where there was no need for hesitation to use that word to represent it was exterminating the <Dark Beings> one after another.



『Re, Retreat-! Retreat-』



Someone unknown among the <Dark Being> yelled that.



If their opponent was only one person, their obstinacy could hold on. If they were against one man who looked like he would collapse anytime now, they could passionately rage and fought, thinking that the next attack for sure would finish the fight, that they would be the one who would bring down the enemy who caused this much damage toward them.



They were like gambler who felt that the jackpot would come out at the next one for sure and lost sight of when to quit.



「Rout them! Chase any that run away and kill them! Prioritize pulling them away from Kouki's nearby!」



Moana's command thundered. The soldiers chased and routed the enemies one after another.



Seeing that, perhaps deciding that the battle had been decided, the <Dark Beings> were running away from Kouki's surrounding altogether.



Among them, there were also <Dark Beings> who realized that they were already unable to escape and launched suicide attack at Kouki, but before Moana and others could even say 「Ah」, Kouki who were swaying in place cut them down with a single stroke of katana.



It was sword skill that would make anyone shudder seeing it. Heads were flying like a joke.



The veteran Spenser who was watching felt as though he couldn't recognize the moment when the katana was swung, and the process of cutting the head. When he noticed it was already over.



Kouki kept standing imposingly, his head looking down with both his hands dangling down. His expression couldn't be seen, but even though Moana had been calling at him many times since a while ago, he showed no reaction in response.



His state was uncommon.



And yet despite so, with that state where he wasn't even taking stance, he was swaying back and fro while slaughtering <Dark Beings> that leaped at him with sword attack that couldn't be perceived.



「The sword's……summit──sword saint」



Spenser whispered with a hoarse voice. It was a legend that his father told him when he was but a child.



An unseen and unavoidable sword strike. One of the summits that a swordsman ought to aim for.



In the far past, that technique was considered as the king's sword, the character of the legend was extolled and people were calling him <Sword Saint>.



The current Kouki, he looked just like the second coming of the legend.



「Kouki!」



When Spenser went 'hah' and came back to his senses, there weren't any more figure of <Dark Being> at the surrounding. The tumultuous sound of the soldiers fighting could be heard from the direction of the west gate.



And then, Moana took the healing art users with her and rushed toward Kouki.



She was rushing toward Kouki with great momentum, just like what the <Dark Beings> doing before this.



「Don't-, your majesty! Back away-」



「Eh?」



Kouki who was still standing silently with both his hands dangling down and his face looking down was swaying.



Moana who heard Spenser's voice and looked back──was already in Kouki's range.



「-!!!」



「Gua!?」



A hair's breadth. Lilin pulled Moana back. The two fell behind and rolled around. 「What are you doing」 Moana said while her voice was stifled from the impact of falling. In the field of vision of Moana who lifted her face, white strings were fluttering down in the air……



「Eh?」



「Are you safe, Moana-sama!?」



「Your majesty-, are you injured!?」



Lilin asked with a pale expression while Spenser called with an impatient expression, but the astonished Moana didn't pay them any attention.



The fluttering down white strings.



Those were──her hair.



The tips of Moana's white hair were slightly cut and fluttered in the air.



Who cut those hairs?



That was obvious.



「Kouki?」



There was no answer to her call.



Kouki were standing still on his original position──above the door of the underground vault.



Thanks to rolling down on the ground, Moana finally could see the face of Kouki that was looking down. At the same time, she noticed the abnormality.



「Kou, ki……」



There was no light in those half closed eyes. Those eyes were empty, they weren't looking at anywhere.



「It looks like……he is alive. But, he is unconscious. What the……」



「Unbelievable……」



Both Spenser and Lilin lost their words. Moana too also the same.



That was understandable.



Just who in the world could possibly imagine someone fighting while being unconscious.



Looking at him once more, Kouki's state was really atrocious.



There was all kind of sizes of wounds throughout his body. Few places were unharmed. He was blood drenched all over his body, his brown hair was dyed dark red by his own blood and enemy's blood. His breathing was shallow and faint, it sounded like it would stop anytime now. His side that could be seen from the gap of his torn clothes was warped, perhaps it was because his ribcage was broken and changed shape……



The sword that changed shape was gripped in only one hand, because his other arm was broken all over from the shoulder until the fist.



Looking closer, the hand that was grasping the sword was wrapped in several layer of cloth scraps, so that even if the hand lost gripping strength, the sword wouldn't slip down.



*jijiji-, jijiji-* The holy sword was flickering with light like a lamp that was almost cut off from electricity, as though expressing the light of Kouki's life as it was.



Just how long he had been fighting continuously in this state?



His figure that was continuing to fight even when he was unconscious.



Moana sent his gaze toward the spot where Kouki was standing. The entrance of the underground vault.



She understood just from seeing that.



──I won't let anyone touch even a single hair of them



An emotion that couldn't possibly be expressed with words became tear and overflowed.



「You are, you are protecting them until you become like that……you are protecting them until the end aren't you, Kouki……」



Moana stood up. Spenser and Lilin tried to stop her, but Moana told them no need with a smile.



Spenser and Lilin tried to say that it was dangerous to get near the current Kouki who would remove anyone who approached. However, they became unable to say anything seeing that smile. Both of them were also unable to stop the trembling inside their chest from seeing Kouki's figure.



The two of them were watching attentively in silent. No, it wasn't just the two of them, before they realized they were surrounded by soldiers who were watching attentively with the same expression on their faces. Moana advanced under their gaze.



Two meter left until Kouki's sword boundary.



「Kouki. Kouki, it's me. It's Moana you see. I'm coming toward you now. I'm sorry that I'm late okay?」



One meter remaining.



「Everything is all right already. Because you have protected to the very end. There is no more enemy here.」



Thirty centimeter remaining.



Kouki reacted with swaying.



Spenser was about to move, but Lilin caught his arm and she shook her head. Her gaze was directed straight at Kouki. Trust at the utmost filled that gaze. Spenser also relaxed his body.



「That's why, you can rest already. It's okay to not fight……that's why-」



Remaining distance──zero.



The holy sword vanished. That was how the unseen sword strike looked like when it approached Moana's neck──when it stopped still right above the skin.



Even if he was unconscious, but if someone called at him wholeheartedly, the kind him would surely respond without fail.



If "I'm right here" was conveyed to him, he absolutely wouldn't harm someone who wished to protect.



Moana who was convinced of that gently embraced Kouki without even a shred of discomposure.



「Kouki……」



「……………………u……a?」



A faint groan. When Moana peered into Kouki's face while supporting him, there was his eyes there that were reflecting Moana's face. Those eyes were faintly like lamp with light returning in it.



「……Mo……a……」



「Yes, it's me right here, Kouki.」



「…………I have……to……protect」



It was a hoarse voice that almost couldn't be heard. Moana gently whispered with her tears overflowing once more.



「It's all right. It's over already. Everyone is safe. You protected them. That's why, it's all right already.」



「……I………….pro, tected?」



Kouki's eyes were slightly opened wide, it was like he wanted to say 「Unbelievable」 even though it was something that he did himself.



That was why, Moana stared straight into Kouki's eyes with a strong gaze while telling him.



「Yes, you protected them. Thank yo「u, Kouki. Everyone, is saved by you.」



Kouki who received those words was……



「……I'm……glad」



Saying that, he smiled slightly and closed his eyes.



The body slumped and lost strength. The holy sword lose even its faint light as though to say that its role was over. Moana who was glued closely to Kouki understood, that something unseen but important was dispersing from Kouki's body.



That figure that was quietly losing strength, was as though……



「Quick-, heal him! Hurry! This person absolutely must not be let to die!」



A command that sounded like scream was yelled. The art users who stiffened from Kouki's heroic state assembled altogether and began applying their art.



The expression of the art users of the capital who excelled in healing grew worse with impatience. That told the reality of the precariousness of the current Kouki.



「Please, I beg you don't die……Kouki……」



Moana's prayer resounded among the sound of fighting that still reverberated from afar, and between the soldiers who were moving around in order to get the people of Arquette out from the underground vault.



He felt a sensation as though he was floating from the bottom of dark water.



It was as though something terribly heavy was coiling around him. His vision was pitch dark and couldn't see anything. His voice too, his throat stung and couldn't really make voice.



(What……the world after death is really simple huh……)



If place like hell or heaven really existed, he must be heading toward hell without doubt. If he waited here, before long even king Yama might come to judge him.



This time for sure, there would be no one that could chase after him like that time in the 【Holy Precincts】.



(Even though Shizuku and others had saved me after much trouble……even though I finally found my answer……even though it finally felt like I can live by facing forward……how unfortunate)



Loneliness, sadness, frustration.



When he thought that he wouldn't be able to meet his family and friends anymore, those feelings welled up like flood.



At the same time, he thought of that girl who he felt like he was seeing at the very end like a miracle.



(Moana, sama. ……Was that an illusion? I don't remember how long I was fighting but……I wonder if I was able to protect everyone?)



He protected them. That was how he felt. He had no basis for thinking so, but deep inside Kouki he was convinced of that. That he surely achieved that.



(Though, I killed as many as I protected)



It was impossible to save "both sides". However, if he pursued for "one side" and didn't fail in doing that……then as he thought, it must be one answer.



Thinking that he had scattered a great number of lives, then without doubt he would be going to hell. Was king Yama not here yet? Getting kept in suspense like this was……honestly felt scary, so he wished that he would quickly come.



While thinking of such uncontrollable imagination, what surfaced at the back of Kouki's mind was about "that guy".



(If it's "that guy", surely he will point his gun even to king Yama and asked 「Are you enemy, or ally」 instead. If the answer to that is enemy, he will surely pull the trigger.)



What a really simple evaluation standard.



As expected it was a way of living that he couldn't possibly do.



Thinking that, for some reason Kouki found it extremely funny that he spontaneously almost laughed.



He almost laughed but,



(Nnn!? It hurts!? For some reason my whole body feel so painful it feels like I'm gonna dieeeeee!?)



'Why is there still flesh pain even after death huh!' When he directed such unreasonable outburst of anger to the king Yama in his heart, for some reason he felt a sensation as though his consciousness was surfacing.



Furthermore, inside the pitch black darkness was even starting to be shined with faint light.



(Eh? Don't tell me, I'm……)



Thinking that it was impossible, Kouki opened his eyes──



The field of vision of Kouki who opened his eyes in reality was completely filled with the close-up face of a middle aged man. It was at a very close range where their nose almost touched each other.



「Hih, -a!? Ngih, it hurt-, scary-!? Scary hurt!?」



「Oo!? Kouki-dono! You woke up!」



A stern middle-aged man. The look of his eyes was that of a veteran warrior. The criminal of the close-up face at the waking up was Spenser.



In addition, when his body jerked from surprise, intense pain instantly assaulted his whole body.



This was the worst waking up.



Spenser said 「I will call her majesty here immediately! Please wait for a second!」 and dashed out of the room.



For the time being the "scary" thing left, so Kouki calmed down and looked at his surrounding with teary eyes from pain.



He had recollection of the room's make up. It was really similar with the guest room in the feudal lord's mansion that he was guided into when he first arrived at Arquette. Or rather, it was exactly that guest room. When he focused his hearing, he could hear the hustle and bustle of people outside the window.



「I'm, alive? I'm, still alive……」



Bit by bit, that fact seeped into him. Unconsciously his tear duct loosened and tears spilled out emotionally. He really thought that his life was lost as the compensation of his wish and the atonement of his crime.



He thought, that he wouldn't be able to meet anyone else anymore.



It was scary. It was painful.



However, he was alive.



What he did, what he accomplished, and then how he was alive right now.



All of that pressed on his heart. Kouki simply cried.



*zudadadadada-* The terrific sound of footsteps resounded in the ears of such Kouki.



Recalling that just now Spenser said 「I will call her majesty」, Kouki guessed that it was Moana coming his way. He wiped his tears in hurry. Somehow, he didn't want to show her his pathetic side even more than this.



Right after he finished wiping up his eyes, *BAA──────NN!!* the door was blown off and Moana arrived.



Why was it he wondered. Kouki felt an immense feeling of déjà vu. He wondered if these two sisters similarly held some kind of grudge toward door.



「Kouki.」



「Moana, sama……as I thought it wasn't some kind of illusion then.」



Moana who was amazed seeing the awakened Kouki let out tears seeping out from hearing those words of Kouki, she then ran toward him with small steps and without pause she sat down snugly on the bed.



She sat down with her back facing Kouki, and with her long hair acting as veil he also couldn't see her face from the side.



「Excuse me, Moana-sama? What about the people of Arquette? How long it has been since then?」



「……」



Kouki felt a bit anxious seeing the silent Moana. He wondered if something happened, something that wasn't good.



But, before he could speak out his anxiety, Moana slowly tilted her body toward Kouki. Without pause she embraced Kouki's body as though she was covering him, gently so that it wouldn't affect Kouki's wounds.



「Mo, Mo Mo Mo, Moana-sama!?」



Sweet fragrance like kukuri fruit tickled Kouki's nose. A sensation that was clearly soft even through the sheet covering his body caused him to feel agitated against his wish.



「……The people of Arquette are all safe. I told you right? You protected everyone.」



「Ah……yes.」



There was Moana's face right beside his own face as though she was burying her face on his body. Her voice was slightly shaking from the various emotions filling it, reaching his ear along with her breath.



「It has only been a day since then. Really, just what kind of body you have to be able to wake up even though you almost died.」



「Ahaha……that's because of the hero's specs.」



Influenced by Moana who was talking in a casual way, Kouki also responded to her with a casual way of talking.



Moana lifted her face, and then she stared at Kouki with her nose tip kept close to him.



「But, you will die when it's time to die.」



「……You're right.」



「Even your healing, several times it looked hopeless in the middle of it.」



「……I too, thought that this is it many times.」



If it wasn't Kouki then surely it would be beyond any help. The life force that was vitalized by blessing art, magic power that would recover when resting, and skill that elevated healing power as long as there was magic power. And then, the art users who continuously used healing art until they collapsed.



All those barely saved Kouki's life.



「Just, why are you making that kind of eyes?」



There were a lot, really a lot of things she wanted to say. She wanted to say that she didn't ask him for dedication to the degree he would throw away his life. She wanted to ask why he didn't come back together with Koone. She wanted to ask him just what was he thought about his own life. There were a lot that she wanted to say as worried as she was.



However, seeing Kouki's clear gaze, Moana became unable to say anything.



Kouki made a small smile and spoke.



「I found, my answer.」



Kouki who wavered about his way of living. He held distrust toward himself and was unable to choose anything. He was wandering, looking for what was right, which was right, "the right choice".



He said that he found the answer, within the verge of death.



It was something that one ought to be happy about but……Moana's expression turned complicated.



「Then with that, you won't hesitate anymore? You can live without feeling suffering?」



Kouki shook his head quietly.



「I will still waver from now on too, I think that it surely will be painful. Because the answer that I found, is something like that.」



He was unable to come to a clear decision like "that guy".



Enemy and ally. Dividing the world into two such colors, that was something he couldn't do. He couldn't swing his sword while still not knowing anything.



Surely he would struggling and floundering dreaming for the ideal. If there wasn't such path, he would surely be anguished when reality was thrust toward him.



But, so what.



He would struggle. He would worry in anguish. Bring it on.



At those times, he would just make his choice, believing that it would surely lead to the best result.



Surely, nine out of ten he would regret the result, but he absolutely wouldn't give up the future that resulted after he made his choice no matter what.



If the ideal was impossible, the second best then. Even if that was also beyond him, he would continue to fight in order to haul in a future that was better even if for just a bit.



Yes, the world couldn't be divided into two colors.



Right, or wrong.



From whose point of view it was decided?



There was no such thing as the right solution.



「I idolized my grandfather. Because Jii-chan is my hero, because hero has to be right……I, was imprisoned by the "right thing" unnoticed by myself.」



「Right now it's different?」



「Yeah. I want to do the right thing, but I'm not imprisoned by that anymore. Because, whether it's right or wrong, but in the end, I'm unable to slap away that hand.」



For the <Dark Being>, Kouki was unmistakably "evil", he was in the wrong for killing them.



But, even so Kouki was unable to slap away that boy's hand. He absolutely didn't want to do that. No matter how much he wished for the path where both sides could live. No matter even if it became he cut down one side.



「I'll keep worrying until the time limit. But, I will surely make my choice. Even if it won't go as I want it at the end of my choice, I'll continue to struggle. I cannot stop dreaming. Even if it won't come true.」



'In the end, I don't really change huh', Kouki made a wry smile.



Moana stared fixedly at Kouki's eyes, and then she smiled gently.



「I see……if that's Kouki's answer, then I'll root for you. If it's needed, I'll lend you my strength as much as you need. It's not because you have saved Arquette. It's because I want to be your strength.」



「Moana, sama……」



With her own nose tip, Moana poked at Kouki's nose tip chidingly so that he corrected the way he was calling her.



That adding "-sama", was unnecessary.



Kouki also smiled quietly while feeling as though he was pulled in by Moana's eyes.



「Moana. Right now there are a lot of problem and there is also not really time but……someday, will you hear a story about my massive failure?」



「I want to hear no matter what kind of story. Let me listen, absolutely.」



Moana nodded happily hearing Kouki's words telling her that he wanted her to know about him.



A silence that wasn't awkward in the least filled the room.



With their gazes still intertwined with each other, they became closer bit by bit──



Kouki's excellent hero ears finally caught the small, yet a lot of breathing sound that was countless.



He stiffened like rock, and then Kouki looked to the side *gigigi* like a machine that ran out of oil. Following that motion, Moana also moved her gaze──



At the entrance of the room that had its door blown away, she saw countless silhouette of people watching attentively while holding their breath.



With Spenser and Lilin at the forefront, a lot of soldiers, and furthermore the feudal lord Rothko and his wife Syla, the vigilance corps captain Ivana and her subordinates, and then the civil officials……



They were pouring their gaze with all the space packed full with people.



「—!? Eeh-eeh-ehem-! Ko, Ko Ko, Kouki seems to be fine already! I'm relieved!」



Moana stood up in a flash with her stance like a soldier's "at ease" position to cover up the situation. Seeing that, Kouki made tsukkomi inside his heart 「There is no keeping up appearance anymore you know」 seeing such Moana. Moana's cheeks were bright red.



After that, Rothko and others came in with awkward expression that said 「We are being nuisance in her majesty's tryst」. They spoke their joy at Kouki's safety, and then they expressed their gratitude for saving the city.



Midway, the recovered healers arrived in order to continue their treatment toward Kouki, but because the room was cramped with everyone who came wanting to say their thanks even for just a bit and caused the room to be noisy, the healers finally ran out of patience and they raged 「We cannot concentrate here-」, and they kicked out everyone including Rothko. Such strange occurrence happened.



Rothko was literally kicked out despite being the feudal lord. The soldiers, including Rothko who received such treatment were all acting despondent. That sight could be said to be really surreal.



There was one more unusual occurrence, or rather an incident that caused all the soldiers who knew the girl to feel so shocked their eyeballs might leaped out from their eye sockets.



「Kouki-sama. Your figure that continued to fight even while unconscious──was mesmerizing. You are exactly a man among man, a warrior among warrior.」



Saying such thing, she──Lilin kissed Kouki's cheek.



As far as Moana, Spenser, and everyone else knew, that should be her "first" kiss.



The true feeling of the girl who then returned to her work as though nothing had happened was unknown. Or rather, everyone present wanted to leave it as something unknown for the time being.



The reason was, because her majesty's eyes were turning round and round after that.



In addition, it was only for a moment but a beastly gaze where in her heart "Right now while Kouki cannot move……" showed through transparently was directed toward Kouki.



Kouki who was dumbfounded from Lilin's kiss twitched went 「Hah, killing intent!?」 while springing up on the spot. Seeing such Kouki, Spenser and others reached a tacit agreement between each other to do watchful waiting in regard to this case.



It seemed that even the brawny soldiers were bad against the "war of woman" that might resulted by any chance. To the degree that they averted their gaze from the savior that saved the city while offering their prayer.



Throughout all those, with Kouki's astounding recovery power and the healing of multiple excellent healers, Kouki was forced to a complete bed rest for a week at least but……



The situation was already moving.



──Reinforcement request from the neighboring territory of Arquette



──A news from the capital with gist that a large army led by <Dark King> was confirmed marching forward



The bad news brought by messengers rushing to Arquette.



However, those news didn't enter the ear of Kouki who was sleeping once more.



No one tried to tell him.



Because if Kouki knew about it, he absolutely would move right now.



That was why, Kouki didn't notice.



That Moana and others had departed toward the battlefield.



AN: Thank you very much for reading every time.



Thank you very much too for the thoughts, opinions, and reports about misspelling and omitted words.



Next chapter, the demon king finally arrives…I think





Chapter 276




「……Nn」



Letting out a small groan, the sleeping Kouki opened his eyes.



He stared absentmindedly at the ceiling, it was the unchanging guest room of Arquette feudal lord's mansion.



「……I'm glad.」



Kouki who was uneasy that perhaps that time he spent with Moana, the uproar with Rothko and others, all of those might be only a dream and he was actually dead as he thought, he leaked out that whisper and sighed in relief.



He looked around, but there was no one in the room. The door that was tragically blown away by Moana was also back just like before.



Kouki tried ascertaining his body's condition.



(-, I'm still far away from complete recovery……. My right arm and left side are in the worst condition. My bones aren't completely fixed too yet. But the small wounds are healed. As for my physical exhaustion……perhaps, it's about forty percent recovered? My magic power……it's used for healing so, it's still barely at twenty percent.)



Kouki let out a large sigh in exasperation and his body sunk into the bed.



Looking at outside the window, the sun was slightly sinking. It would be evening in just a few more hours. He remembered that when he first woke up the sunlight was the same like this, so he must have been sleeping for a full day.



He stared at the sky from the window for a while.



It was really quiet.



Kouki's heart was also at ease like the silence of the room.



(Since I came to this world, this is the eight days I think? Even though it's only a week, I had spent a really deep time here. ……Nagumo too, did he feel like this when he was at the abyss? No, from what I saw at the image in the ice and snow cavern, it was worse for him. He also got his arm eaten right from the start. It's already lucky that I still have all my limbs.)



That guy was someone who he held an extremely complicated feeling against, but since he dropped out from school and traveled across Tortus, Kouki frequently thought about Hajime.



That was also the case when he decided to stay behind at Arquette.



No matter what, he couldn't help but be conscious of that man.



It wouldn't be an exaggeration even if he called him someone who changed his everything.



He wondered how he should think about him, or perhaps just like how Hajime didn't think anything──or feeling indifferent about Kouki if speaking frankly, perhaps he should also be like that and stopped worrying about it.



He had also found the answer about his feeling toward Hajime where he didn't have any conclusion about it before. No, he was finally able to recognize his feeling where he had been averting his eyes all this time.



(That guy surely doesn't give a damn at all about me but……I absolutely will meet him one more time and talk to him.)



A small smile surfaced on his lips. It was a smile without any gloominess in it, it could even be called a fearless smile. It was a truly manly smile that Kouki had never made until now.



「At any rate……」



He was really hungry. No, honestly speaking he was feeling abnormally hungry.



There was a water pitcher nearby filled with fruit juice that was giving off good smell, so it was likely he could replenish his body fluid and nutrition from it, but as expected his stomach seemed to demand solid food.



The moment he became conscious of it, his stomach howled *guuo-*.



Kouki somehow lifted his body that was wrapped in pain and terrible fatigue and sat up on the bed. He pulled off the blanket and Kouki's body that became exposed was covered all over with bandage and gauze.



Kouki instantly felt dizziness right after he stood up, but he shook his head slightly and endured it with effort. He made a wry smile seeing his body was shaky more than he imagined before he wore the clothes that were put nearby.



His old clothes must have been disposed with how ragged they had become. It wasn't anywhere nearby, but in their place was soldier clothing with white as the base. The size fit him snugly. The smooth texture felt pleasant on his skin.



Kouki put his clothes in order for the time being before he slowly headed toward the door.



He opened the door and came out into the corridor.



「Ah」



「Ah」



His eyes met another's. Sitting on a chair placed at the corridor was──Lilin.



A memory surfaced in his mind The approaching face of the girl. And then, the soft sensation that his cheek felt. And then, an instant of beastly nature that Moana showed after that.



Kouki's body shivered all over.



That look, that look was something he had seen before. Those eyes were……yes those eyes. Those were the same eyes with the eyes showed by the wive~s of the demon king when they were targeting their husband.



'That's absurd', Kouki shook his head while thinking so.



「Kouki-sama, are you all right? It's no good unless you rest peacefully. Now, please return to the room and lie down.」



Lilin seemed to think that Kouki's condition was still not good seeing him shivering like that. She worriedly walked toward Kouki and gently supported his body.



「Ah, no, I'm fine already, Lilin-san. For some reason I'm feeling really hungry, so I'm wondering if I can ask for some kind of food.」



Kouki wished that she would move away a bit from him because he was really all right. Lilin was supporting Kouki with her hand naturally circling around Kouki's waist to rest on his stomach, so her body was sticking close to him. She was a girl with slender body type, but her body had enough feminine softness in it.



However, Lilin's sense of distance didn't change.



「Understood. Then I will go to bring the food. That's why, please take a rest Kouki-sama. The healers said that you absolutely must rest for a week.」



After saying that, Lilin urged him to go back into the room. Her tone was just like usual, but it somehow felt like it allowed no argument from him. Kouki obediently followed her.



「Err, Lilin-san is──」



「It's fine to just call me Lilin. It's also fine to not speak politely like that with me.」



「Eh? But──」



「Call me Lilin.」



「Wh, why are you suddenly──」



「Lilin」



「I, I understand. Lili──」



「Understand?」



「I, I got it already, Lilin.」



Lilin nodded in satisfaction! Kouki wilted down!



Wanting to change the atmosphere somehow, Kouki spoke the continuation of his interrupted question.



「Then Lilin, why were you in front of my room?」



「……It's Moana-sama's order. She told me to take care of Kouki-san.」



「? Then isn't it fine if you stay normally inside the roo……」



「I also thought the same. But Moana-sama told me 『It will be problematic if a mistake happen, so you must not enter the room when Kouki is unconscious. Breach of order will be punished strictly, keep that in mind』. So it can't be helped.」



「I, I see. Then it really can't be helped!」



Speaking about a mistake that might happen when Kouki was unconscious……



Kouki got the feeling that he must not pursue that line of thought deeper, and he expressed his agreement 「Can't be helped!」 strongly.



Kouki attempted to change the topic. For some reason Lilin let out a small snigger while looking at Kouki with a sidelong glance.



「And then, about that Moana, and also Rothko-san and others, what are they doing right now?」



「……Both of them, they are busy with various things like repairing Arquette, making contact with the capital, and so on. They are rushing around everywhere.」



「I see……about the <Dark Being>, do they appear again since then?」



「No, everything's fine. Now, I'll go ask for food, so Kouki-san please go to sleep right away. Right now the most important thing is for you to rest. After all you really almost died.」



Lilin pushed Kouki to the bed while saying that before walking quickly to exit the room.



There, Kouki suddenly noticed.



Yes, right now the citizens could also go outside and they should be running around to repair Arquette. In this feudal lord mansion there should be civil officers and vigilance corps rushing around busily.



And yet,



(……It's too quiet?)



He focused his hearing. There wasn't a single sound.



「……Lilin.」



「Yes?」



Lilin who was about to go out to the corridor turned around and replied at Kouki casually.



「What's with the soundproofing?」



「──tsu」



Lilin stopped still with her gaze going stiff. Kouki didn't overlook that.



「Bull's eye huh. Is it the work of wind art?」



「……Yes, right. It's my blessing art.」



「Why? Why are you applying soundproofing?」



「It's so Kouki-san can rest peacefully.」



Certainly, that must be the truth. Currently Lilin showed no sign of agitation. However, if that was the case then she should be able answer without getting shaken when she was asked the reason of the soundproofing.



Kouki's instinct was sounding the alarm bell that there was something, that something not good happened.



「If that's so then dispel the art for me. I'm awake already, so it's fine right? No, I also want to look at how everyone is doing, as I thought I'll go myself to ask for the meal.」



「Ple, please wait, Kouki-san. I told you already that you still need a peaceful rest for now!」



Lilin rushed back toward him looking slightly panicked and pushed down Kouki who was trying to get up from the bed.



Kouki sent a straightforward gaze toward Lilin who was putting her hands on his shoulders to make him lie back down.



「What's going on?」



「No, nothing──」



「Lilin, tell me. Right now, what is happening? What are you hiding from me?」



「……」



Kouki grasped Lilin's shoulders instead and pressed her with his question. Receiving the strong gaze that didn't let her to beg off the question, Lilin's eyebrows lowered down with a troubled look.



「If I tell you……will you promise to rest quietly?」



「……In other words, there is something going on that will make me unable to rest quietly and rush out instead?」



「Uu, please stop reading behind the line!」



Kouki's hands that were tightly grasping Lilin's shoulders became stronger. His will to not let her ran away could be seen clearly. The more time passed, the more Lilin's gaze swam around everywhere.



「If Lilin doesn't tell me, then I'll run out by myself and ask someone else.」



「Aah geez-. I'll tell you already-, so please promise to not act as you please!」



「Got it, tell me.」



Lilin's shoulders dropped in dejection, then a beat later, she began talking with a serious and grim expression.



「There was notification from the capital. Right after we sent reinforcement here, an army of <Dark Being> invaded the capital. The <Dark King> seemed to be confirmed among the army.」



「-, so he recovered……」



Lilin nodded.



「Not just that, two territories near Arquette were also assaulted at the same time. In order to dispatch the soldiers, messenger to tell the nearest surveillance base to dispatch their soldiers were sent out, but it can be said that the situation of the defense is as dangerous as this place before.」



It seemed that other than sending request for reinforcement from the capital, the feudal lords of the two territories also sent messenger to Arquette to notify this place about the danger.



「In order to prepare for the time when Arquette is attacked again, Rothko-sama is preparing to further strengthen of the defense wall and the underground vault. By Moana-sama's command, two thousand of the soldiers are to stay here.」



「Wait. "Of the soldiers"? You mean there are still others then? What's the rest doing? And Moana?」



Even while half guessing it already, Kouki still asked while feeling uneasiness to the degree that was uncanny even for himself. A bad premonition encroached inside his heart, like an ink that dripped on a white paper and seeped in.



「Moana-sama, she led the remaining soldiers accompanied by Spenser-sama. They already set out to return back. Because there is no way the king can be absent when facing an army that is led by the <Dark King>, she said.」



「-. I, see……」



There was the greatest protection that was the oasis at the capital. On top of that, there were also more than ten thousand soldiers led by chief Donar and head art user Linden. There was no way they would be defeated that easily.



Even so, his bad premonition was swelling up.



For some reason, he couldn't help but had glimpses of Moana's face in his mind.



「Then, let's catch up to them right away. They left from here yesterday right? If we departed quickly, we should be able to go to the capital without getting left behind too much.」



There was soldier force staying behind at Arquette. He was also concerned with the other territories, but soldiers were already dispatched there, so right now it was the <Dark King> that was most concerning and had to be dealt with.



Thinking that, Kouki said that he would go at where Moana was even for a second faster, but Lilin shook her head toward him.



「You must not. You were told that you absolutely still have to rest for one week! Just why do you think Moana-sama left me behind here for!」



A person that could use blessing art of wind which had skill like soundproofing for several days, a powerful person with strength that could suppress Kouki while he was wounded, and also a person that Kouki knew. Lilin satisfied all those conditions.



「I cannot sleep for one more week in this kind of time!」



「It's only for four more days!」



「……Eh?」



Kouki showed a dumbfounded expression toward Lilin who seemed to say that unintentionally.



「Four more days? Wait a second. The time when I woke up once was yesterday right?」



「……No, you are mistaken. Three whole days had passed since then. Kouki-san was sleeping the whole time until now. That's how much your body is demanding for rest. You were even staggering only just now.」



Kouki was dumbfounded without even listening at Lilin's frank opinion. He whispered 「Three days……」.



In other words, Moana and others were already in the middle of war.



The bad premonition that he was feeling from some time ago swelled up explosively.



「I've got to go, to help them.」



「There is nothing you can do in that kind of state. It was because I thought that Kouki-san will force yourself that I even applied soundproofing so that your sleep wouldn't be disturbed you know? Even if you are going to go help them, first please heal your body!」



It was a sound advice. What Lilin was saying was completely correct without any mistake.



But, if everything became too late because of that……



When he thought that, words and reasoning──couldn't stop him.



「Lilin. Even you actually want to go right? Because, you are a fighter. The front line is exactly the place you are looking for. Isn't that right? Bring me with you too.」



「-. Wha, what titillating words in this time……nnh」



It was a serious scene, but for some reason Lilin was writhing. Her long brown twintail was fluttering unrulily.



「I, I won't be swayed by those sweet words, so please give up.」



Just where did she find any sweet factor from his words? Kouki thought that for an instant, but right wasn't the time for that so Kouki ignored it.



「I see……then there is no other way. As I thought I'm going to act by myself.」



「Tha, that's why I'm saying I won't let──」



Using "Ground Shrinker" from the bed! Kouki instantly went around Lilin behind her. His body was screaming but he didn't let his expression showed it at the slightest.



His hand chopped lightly *ton-* on Lilin's shoulder and Kouki said to Lilin who was dumbfounded while saying 「Eh?」.



「Certainly I'm not fully recovered, but not so much that I can be overcome by a rearguard at this range. I cannot be held back by Lilin just so you know.」



「Tha, that's really amazing.」



Lilin broke out in a cold sweat. When she slowly looked behind, she found a strong gaze pressuring her there.



Actually from the time when she first met him, she somehow thought of him like 「What an irresolute person. Smile a bit more crisply」, but right now she couldn't catch any sight of his smile that looked as though he was enduring pain or his insecure gaze.



「I'm going. If Lilin want how about you also go with me? I think that the place I'm going to is a place that you are looking for.」



「Ye, yes-. It's Moana-sama's command after all! There is no way I can let Kouki-san leave from my sight!」



Lilin writhed even more, perhaps because Kouki's words touched her heart string. Kouki ignored her abnormal state with his all and nodded once before going out of the room.



The blessing art was dispelled and bustling sound entered his hearing. As he thought, it was a furor all over the place.



Before long he could see the figures of the civil officers. They all showed astonishment for an instant when they saw Kouki's figure, but they then immediately gave their most respectful salute before moving aside to open a path for him.



If it was Kouki from before, then on the surface he would act awkward and modest, but inside he would bask in the pleasant feeling that he was the hero. But, right now his feeling was really calm.



The person that he passed would bow silently with a moved expression. But even seeing that, his heart didn't ripple. Rather, only the feeling of solemnly accepting their respect and expectation was filling his chest.



Before long he reached the room that was used as the emergency countermeasure room. The door was left open. When he peeked inside, there were Rothko, Ivana, and others there as expected.



「Rothko-san.」



「Hm? Oo, Kouki-dono! ……Is it all right for you to stay up already?」



Rothko showed joy when he noticed Kouki, however, seeing Lilin who was close behind Kouki, he sent Kouki an inquisitive gaze.



It seemed that Rothko and others were also aware of the "Kouki's absolutely peaceful rest operation".



「I heard about the situation. Please don't blame Lilin. I was the one asking her forcefully.」



「That's……certainly there is no way she cannot not answer if pressed by Kouki-dono.」



Rothko sent a gaze filled with some kind significance toward Lilin who wilted and looked down before his expression turned serious and he asked Kouki.



「And, what are you planning to do?」



「Of course, I will head to the capital.」



「With your current condition?」



「There is no problem.」



It was a lie, which everyone there knew. Just from a glance it was clear that his complexion was still bad. The healer who examined Kouki this morning also said that Kouki's bones were still fractured, and above all else Kouki hadn't recovered from his weakened state.



He really wasn't in a state that could fight.



「It doesn't look like I can stop you……I'll prepare the fastest arous. Please, I beg you to take care of her majesty and the capital. Don't worry about Arquette.」



「Thank you very much. I will surely return here again.」



Rothko, Ivana, and everyone inside the room, they all partly closed their eyes as though looking at something really dazzling before they bowed reverently.



After that, the members of vigilance corps quickly prepared arous and necessary luggage. During that time Kouki stuffed his stomach to the bursting with simple meal before departing, accompanied by Lilin.



Rothko and his wife Syla, and also Ivana and others of the vigilance corps gathered to see them off. Seeing that, the people of Arquette also stopped working and gathered one after another.



Words of gratitude that was filled with feeling that they wanted to convey as much as possible showered Kouki.



From among the gathered people, one small silhouette rushed out.



「Hero-sama!」



「Ah, you are……」



That silhouette was the boy that at that time became the impetus that decided Kouki's path. From behind that boy, his mother and a man in vigilance corps attire──his father run after him in panic.



「Thank you, hero-sama! You save father, and everyone! Thank you!」



「tsu──」



Kouki didn't know what to call his current emotion. He didn't understand.



He scattered a lot of lives. He couldn't see it within his field of vision, but surely outside the defensive wall a lot of corpses were piled up. The weight of that was tremendous, pushing down on Kouki even now.



His creaking body and the weariness assaulting his whole body weren't only because his wound and fatigue.



But, even so,



「I'm the one thanking you.」



「Eh?」



Not just the boy, the boy's father and mother who ran after him and tried to pull him back also let out such stupid sounding voice.



Kouki kneeled down on one knee and spoke with a faint smile.



「At that time, if you didn't ask me for help, my heart would surely die. I was, actually a pathetic guy. So pathetic I cannot walk forward without someone pushing my back. That's why……thank you, for saying "help me".」



「……I don't, really get it but……I, was useful for hero-sama?」



Kouki answered 「Yeah」 toward the boy who was asking him in wonder.



The boy's expression turned bright. The father and mother made a shocked expression at Kouki's confession, but their expression quickly turned gentle and kind and they said their thanks once more.



Kouki watched the boy led away by his parents while he was waving his hand at Kouki.



Lilin who was standing beside Kouki asked him expression of delight or perhaps happiness.



「You aren't denying it even when you are called hero-sama aren't you?」



「……He is still a small kid. I won't expressly do something like that.」



Kouki averted his face to dodge the question. Lilin raised a chuckle seeing that. Because if it was Kouki from before, he would still deny it no matter what.



Surely that three days of battle brought a change into something important inside Kouki. For Lilin, Kouki looked like he had really changed. She would be troubled if she was asked "where", but she somehow felt that Kouki's whole strength was different.



Reliable. Lilin thought so while prompting Kouki to mount the arous.



「See you later Rothko-san. Much obliged for everything.」



「That's my line. We the people of Arquette won't forget you until the next life. We will convey our unending gratitude to the next generation too.」



Kouki nodded 「Thank you」, then together with Lilin he ran past the gate.



Loud cheering resounded from behind.



Those cheers too also felt like a push on Kouki's back.



They advanced silently for a while. The borrowed arous seemed excellent with how swift it was. Kouki's feeling that was impatient from the loss of three days was also softened more or less.



「Kouki-san. How is your body? This child's running is also stable, it's fine even if you sit down in a way that is more relaxed.」



「Aah, look's like it. At the very least I need my bones to recover before we arrived in the capital.」



Lilin nodded even while thinking of how amazing Kouki's line that was saying of healing bone even while traveling in a great hurry.



Kouki dried up his little remaining magic power and performed healing on the heavily wounded area by chanting basic recovery magic while paying meticulous attention so that he wouldn't become unable to move because of getting even more exhausted than now.



Lilin was gritting her teeth in vexation of her inability of using healing blessing art while making a dangerous oath that at the very least if enemy appeared midway she would carve them up and not let them do anything to Kouki.



Like that they advanced forward and entered the desert area. A little while after that



「Hm? Lilin, something is coming from ahead! That's……」



「Arous? It's coming from the capital direction? That number is……」



They could confirm multiple arous running with speed that raised up dust cloud behind.



Looking at the gradually approaching arous, the two could see the arous breathing roughly with their long neck that was usually stretching up straight was now hanging down. Those were the proof of the arous's fatigue.



Even so looking from how their speed didn't relax down at all, it could be seen that it was something so urgent to the degree that the riders didn't hesitate to use the arous until they expired.



It seemed the group also noticed Kouki and Lilin. One rider waved his hand while other riders were pointing at the person at the center of their formation and reported something.



And then, a small silhouette that was unseen from being hidden at the shadow of the arous's neck showed up their face abruptly.



The identity of that silhouette was clear just from that.



「!? Koone!?」



Kouki let out a hysteric voice.



Yes, it was Koone who was fiercely rushing their way. When the distance between both sides had decreased considerably into a range where they could differentiate the other party's faces, Kouki and Lilin could see that the people around Koone were the members of escort squad that was led by Spike.



「Kouki-sama!」



「Koone!」



The way both of them called each other mutually changed. It seemed that Koone didn't even bother with how Kouki called her without any honorific.



Both sides' arous came to a stop with circle motion like drifting. The arous of Koone and others looked like they would faint anytime now because they had continued to dash in full speed from until just now.



「Koone, why are you here? Are you heading to Arquette?」



Koone heard about Kouki's safety and Arquette's situation from Moana, even so for a moment she held her breath seeing Kouki's expression that was completely different from before.



However, she immediately pulled herself together and nodded in response.



「Koone, Koone was, let escape once more-」



Looking at Koone who was talking with a face that could break into tears anytime, it seemed that the battle between the army that was led by <Dark King> against the kingdom army had started.



It seemed it was a strategy where Arquette and its neighboring territories that had the role as material accumulation place would be crushed first before opening battle against the capital that would become isolated after that.



That phenomenon where <Dark Beings> suddenly appeared also seemed to be the new ability of the <Dark King>, so to speak it seemed to be a teleportation ability. It seemed that the use became rough the farther the distance was, but the ability could teleport through considerable distance.



And then, currently the capital was in a state where they could somehow fight with the barrier of the oasis, but even there it became a predicament due to the <Dark King>'s new ability.



Of all thing, the characteristic of the oasis was being nullified by the <Dark King> even though it was only bit by bit. The oasis was encroached by miasma and turned into mere water.



It seemed with the oasis in between, the teleportation couldn't work well, so that could be said as fortunate. The ability must have been tested from quite some time ago. Different from the grain producing region of Arquette, the capital's surrounding was desert, so the attempt wasn't noticed at all because it didn't leave behind any trace.



A part of the oasis was already nullified and it seemed one group of soldier was shaken by that and they were annihilated after their opening got taken advantage of.



The total force of the enemy was seventy thousand. Even now, it seemed that even more branch force was teleported to the rear territory. It seemed that the Dark King received notice that Arquette was safe just before Koone escaped, by using messenger of <Dark Being> that was teleported, an army from the nearest territory that had been destroyed was commanded to head to Arquette. Timewise, the army was likely to arrive within today.



Currently, because of the effort of nullifying the oasis, the strength poured to dispatch branch force, and how the <Dark King> was refraining from fighting directly, the worst situation where the capital was fallen could barely be avoided but……



Because of the teleportation of <Dark Being>'s branch force, the dispatched soldiers couldn't return and the capital couldn't hope for reinforcement.



Far from that, by having <Dark Being> teleported to other place right before the soldiers' eyes, the fact that the people in the rear territory that they ought to protect was being attacked without them being unable to do anything about it was thrust to their face. The soldiers were starting to lose spirit from despair and anxiety……



「Like this if even the <Dark King> start moving……the capital won't-, onee-chan won't-」



Moana who gave up the capital as hopeless had Koone escaped even if she had to pay great sacrifice for it. She told Koone, to go at where Kouki was at.



Koone refused, but by Moana's command, Spike made Koone faint and when she woke up she was already above arous.



Koone understood that she had to survive. However, she didn't want to leave no matter what. One of her reasons was of course because she simply loved her big sister.



But, there was something more than that which made Koone fearful.



「Onee-chan is planning to die-. She is planning to use her own life to end the war, and beg so the people's life is spared!」



Kouki was taken aback with realization.



He understood the true shape of the anxiety swelling up in his chest.



Koone was the same like him.



The battle was decided. Then what would Moana do in that case? That was obvious.



The <Dark Being> didn't wish to annihilate mankind at any cost. Their final objective was to raise human as livestock.



In order to give human despair, in order to crush their defiance, the <Dark Being> wouldn't hesitate to crush the capital including the nearby cities. But, if the opponent surrendered then there wasn't any need to especially kill them.



If the people there wasn't killed right now, then the chance for mankind to rise once more wouldn't vanish.



If the seed of rebellion led by Koone made good of their escape, then the hope wouldn't disappear no matter how small their number was.



Right now, in order to not let more life disappear, Moana would offer her own life as compensation.



It was the last thing she could use the life of herself who had mostly lost her strength.



Such scenario was possible enough. No, Kouki was convinced. Moana would choose that path.



「Uaa……」



A groan leaked out from Kouki.



Was it from anxiety? From the fear of losing Moana?



No.



「Kouki-sama! Save onee-chan! Please-. Koone will do anything-, please! Save onee-chan-」



It was the same like that time, a begging voice that was pleading for help.



That was why, he despaired.



The reason was, because Kouki couldn't choose it.



「I……」



「Kouki, sama?」



If Moana sacrificed her life, then most of the people of the capital wouldn't have their life taken away to turn them into livestock. After all, compared to the people of the rear territory, the people of the capital were there exactly because they possessed abundant blessing power that let them fought. From the viewpoint of the <Dark Being>, the capital citizen was without a doubt the sort they would want to breed and had a stable supply of.



Conversely speaking, the neighboring territories that were currently attacked, and Arquette that would be attacked once more today would be destroyed before the notification that the queen surrendered and the war was over could reach them.



Therefore, right now, the place that really needed help──wasn't the capital but the rear territories.



In addition, just as he heard it was only the <Dark King> who could use teleport. If the situation at the teleport destination could only be reported back by messenger that returned by foot, then right now it should be possible to shave the <Dark Being>'s battle force by destroying their branch forces one by one. By doing that, the people of each territory could be gathered in one place as much as possible to make it easier to protect them……perhaps.



Therefore, who he should save wasn't his "important person", but "the many who he didn't even know their face of".



It was ideal if he could save both.



However, the reality was always shitty at any time.



If only one side could be saved, then the human called Amanogawa Kouki would──



「Sorry……I'm sorry-, Koone. Sorry-」



「……」



With that Koone understood. Koone too also knew, what kind of person the human called Kouki was.



In the end, he was the same like her big sister. Rather than their own life or their important people, they couldn't help but choose the many, they were that kind of human.



Koone's expression was dyed with despair.



She wondered, why her important person wouldn't be more selfish?



She wondered, why the person she thought as important would be gone?



The color of emotion slipped off from the face of the young Koone. Even so, she tried to somehow swallow Kouki's answer, she made a misshapen smile and tried to reply back, but she couldn't form any word……



Seeing that Kouki heard the sound of a part deep inside him cracked. It was hard to breath. He felt dizzy. His chest felt like it would burst apart.



However, he couldn't abandon people. If it was between just one person against the many, he couldn't abandon the many.



He would dream. However, he wouldn't stop still by getting caught up in that dream. He decided so.



Kouki would first protect Arquette, after that he would save the rear territories as many as possible even just by one more──he conveyed his intention to Spike and Lilin with his gaze.



They closed their eyes for a bit, then the silently accepted that conclusion. Their teeth that was gritting hard was exposing their ashamed feeling.



But, at that time, a situation that felt as though mocking even the determination of such Kouki could be seen from afar, approaching their way while raising dust cloud.



「Do, Don't screw with me-, don't screw with me-! Why the hell!」



Kouki spontaneously spat out curses.



Ahead of his gaze, there was a crowd of <Dark Being> that was likely to be Koone's pursuer. The number was roughly about a thousand.



It was enough number to crush the current Kouki and group.



「Are you-, are you unable to stomach me that much huh-. Even though-, I decide to save people even if I have to abandon Moana-, abandon that kind person-, you are going to deny even that-!! Don't screw with meee-」



It was as though the world was baring it's fang maliciously.



Kouki's roar of rage was something that was directed exactly at the world, or perhaps at something that ought to be called as fate.



「That person's beloved-, she is entrusted to me-. Don't you dare thinking to take away this child!!」



「Kouki-sama……」



It was a rage that Kouki never showed even once until now.



Without even caring of Koone and others who were gazing at him in astonishment, without hesitation Kouki firmly moved forward and protected the other behind his back.



He wasn't in a state that could fight. Anyway right now they should make a bet sink or swim to escape. Lilin's mouth was opening to say that.



But, she was made to swallow her words.



She saw the torrent of light whirling around Kouki. That was, the proof of surpassing the limit.



「I won't let only this child to be taken away.」



As it was his magic power was already little. However, if his magic power was strengthened temporarily, there was a possibility he could annihilate the enemy by activating a high powered magic. If there was only leftover enemy after that, then Lilin and others would be able to manage somehow.



Although he wouldn't even be able to stand after the fight, but……



In front of the absurdity that was too much, Kouki couldn't think about the aftermath to himself or anything else. If it was necessary, then he would fight again until he turned into trash! Only that fighting spirit was heightening.



Like that, Kouki was,



「Here I go──<Limit Bre-──」



In trying to crush absurdity with recklessness and impulsiveness, he was going to pull the trigger that might break his body……



*hyuu~~~* With such stupid sounding sound, something rained down on the approaching army right after that. The next moment terrific flame blast and shockwave that looked like the end of the world blew up everything. Such absurd scene entered Kouki's eyes.



「Eh?」



Kouki's mouth opened wide in astonishment without closing, even his chanting of Limit Break was interrupted.



While behind him the mouth of Koone and others was also gaping open in astonishment, Kouki inadvertently looked up to the sky──



He saw meteor shower.



However, there was no meteor, but missile.



Missiles were flying with orange fire trail trailing behind them along with *pashuuuuu-* sound.



And then impact.



The <Dark Beings> who were running about in chaos were quickly turning into mere meat scraps.
