


「Ha, hahahah. As I thought, you are just too absurd」



With great joy, relief, and then a bit of resentful complaint in his voice, Kouki's called out the name of him.



「Right, Nagumo?」



The demon king-sama──Hajime who fell from the sky with *zun-* sound snorted「Hmph」 in a bad mood with a huge weapon on his shoulder.



AN: Thank you very much for reading every time.



Thank you very much too for the thoughts, opinions, and reports about misspelling and omitted words.



Ba, barely made it.



I'm intending to content myself to receive tsukkomi of 'Ain't that just a tiny bit there!'.



Next chapter is the conversation between the demon king and hero I think……



PS



The newest chapter of manga version and [Arifureta Nichijou] were updated at Gardo Comic!



With Nichijou exactly being comedy, Shia is shining bright (lol)



Most of all the drawn male camp of Hauria is…nasty



If you have interest, then by all means please go take a look at Overlap-sama's homepage!





Chapter 277




AN: Sorry, but it's short.



Even though the chapter is a bit packed, but the end is good.



There is only dialogue. The battle will be from next week.



*zudon-*, the demon king-sama fell from the sky with speed and impact like a falling meteor.



The bizarreness of the Agni - Orkan his shoulder carried was excessively eye-catching.



Starting from Koone, Lilin, Spike, and also all the other escort squad members similarly had their mouth gaping open. Their gaze was busily moving from the explosion hypocenter where there was a mushroom shaped cloud generated, then to Kouki, and then to the incarnation of absurdity.



「Nagumo……」



Kouki murmured his name. Hajime stored back Agni - Orkan into his treasure warehouse while walking up toward Kouki, and then he asked with a tone that sounded like it was only an afterthought.



「Anyway, they looked like they are going to be nuisance so I killed them but……they aren't your acquaintance right?」



That question was asked while glancing at Koone and co. It seemed that Hajime couldn't deny the possibility that perhaps the <Dark Being> was rushing toward Kouki and group in a scene like 「O~i, sorry we're late for the appointme~nt 」.



For now, Kouki thought this.



That question should be asked before moving to killing, was his thought.



「Ye, yeah. That was dangerous and we might get killed, so you saved us just now. You came, to pick me up right? Thanks, Nagumo.」



「Hmph?」



Hajime raised an eyebrow hearing the words "might get killed" and then he stared scrutinizingly at Kouki. Just from that it seemed he perceived Kouki's unfit state. And then, perhaps he guessed something because for a moment he made an expression of feeling unpleasant and then looked at Koone and co.



「……Well, doesn't matter. If it's thanks say it too Shizuku and others. If they didn't ask me I won't purposefully spent magic power like stupid to come here. This world is absurdly far just so you know.」



「Is that so……as expected it's Shizuku and others. Are they coming?」



「Just as you can see, it's only me who came here.」



Kouki felt something out of place from that strange roundabout sentence, but right now wasn't the time to pry so he shelved it away.



「I see……」



「Come on, we're going back right away.」



Hajime turned around on his heel with an atmosphere of wanting to finish the troublesome matter right away.



Koone didn't really understand about the matter of Hajime, even so she guessed that the "going home prospect" that Kouki once mentioned had finally arrived and she grasped Kouki's sleeve with an expression that was going to cry.



Kouki smiled to such Koone to reassure her, and then he conveyed his will toward the back of Hajime who was taking out Crystal Key and about to point it to an empty space.



「Sorry, I cannot go back.」



「……What?」



Hajime looked back across his shoulder. And then, seeing Koone holding Kouki's sleeve, he showed an exasperated face that said 「This guy's hero sickness relapse back again」.



「This is troublesome. If it's like this I'll call someone here to lecture──」



「No matter who it is and what they are going to say to me, I have made my decision. Even if you for example tell me that this is my last chance to go back home, I won't go back. I believe I understand what will Shizuku and also my family feel about that but still……sorry.」



「You……」



The situation just now, and then the very young girl who while looking childish but also gave off dignity vaguely, and also the tough looking men who appeared to be the girl's guards. If all those factors were combined, it could be imagined how Kouki was poking his nose into a troublesome conflict.



If this was only like before, when Kouki got worked up saying 「I swear I'll save everything!」 in mere heroic aspiration, Hajime would just say 「I don't give a damn」 before punching Kouki and then dragging his unconscious body back, but……



Hajime couldn't make that prompt decision.



Because Kouki's eyes were determined.



It wasn't a gaze that was carried away, hesitating, or looking at a dream far away. Those were eyes that showed determination which was created while his feet was stepping firmly on reality, with resolve to accept the caused result. The eyes of a person who was struggling without giving up.



Hajime wondered just what had happened. He couldn't see the "lightness" from when they were summoned to Tortus or the "insecurity" after the decisive battle from Kouki.



「I had killed a lot. They also had their own will, it was necessary to survive, that was why I was fighting……but, I was unable to abandon the people of the city and I fought. I cut down several thousand lives.」



「……」



Hajime looked at Kouki once more. Kouki's weakened state, his body that was wounded all over told Hajime more eloquently than anything the carnage that Kouki had experienced to the extreme.



「Many times I thought I was going to die. While fighting, I also saw past images like revolving lantern. And then──I found my answer.」



「Answer?」



Kouki nodded while feeling surprise and happiness that Hajime was listening to his talk.



「I cannot stop dreaming. I want to save everything. But if I'm forced to choose no matter what──I will choose "the many" rather than "one important person". I'll choose, but even so I'll continue to dream and struggle without giving up.」



「……Idiot. Are you planning to suffer until you die? You might be masochist huh.」



「Haha, it's certainly idiotic. But I'll deny being a masochist.」



Hajime looked at Kouki with eyes as though he was looking at a genuine idiot after hearing Kouki deciding a way of living of hardship.



Then, at that timing, Koone who had been silently watching the conversation between Kouki and Hajime all this time raised her words by throwing away her usual audaciousness, and spoke as a mere young little girl.



「E, excuse me, Nagumo-sama? I beg you, please I ask you to save my one-chan! Please.」



「Aa? Onee-chan?」



Koone letting out a sigh of relieve seeing that she wasn't ignored, and then she explained to Hajime about the situation in general and about Kouki's choice.



「Kouki-sama is still not giving up. He is going to save the people at the rear, and after that he is planning to save onee-chan.」



She didn't notice it before. She only felt despair thinking that Kouki abandoned her big sister.



Indeed, speaking pragmatically Kouki wouldn't make it in time. Therefore, Koone's conclusion that he was abandoning Moana wasn't mistaken. However, when she recalled back how Kouki repeatedly said 「Sorry」 looking as though he was going to vomit blood while clenching his fist so hard, she understood that Kouki's heart was demanding him to go to where Moana was quickly for even a second faster.



However, right now light could be seen in that pragmatic problem. Kouki's connection brought about hope.



The curbstomp just now. A power that annihilated a thousand <Dark Beings> in the blink of eye. If there was such power in their side, then perhaps her big sister could still be saved.



Koone pleaded. In order to save her big sister, and Kouki who injured his own heart by swinging down blade of penance and resolve toward himself who was unable to choose Moana.



「Please lend your strength in order to grant the dream of Kouki-sama. Nagumo-sama is Kouki-sama's friend correct? Please──」



「Don't say such corny thing. There is no way I'm his friend.」



「Eh?」



Koone was astonished. She didn't know about the how, but this person came here by crossing world like this in order to pick Kouki and the first thing he did when he arrived was to remove the danger that was approaching Kouki. It seemed that they knew each other, and Kouki was expressing out his feeling toward him without hiding anything, Koone completely thought that the two of them had close relationship but……



Ignoring the shaken up Koone, Hajime moved his gaze toward Kouki. His eyes were cold without emotion in it. Kouki reflexively held his breath.



「You are close with this so called "big sister"?」



「……She is my benefactor. Since I came to this world, she was kind to me who only kept hesitating. Because of reasons I couldn't control myself and vented angrily at her several times, and yet she accepted the hesitating me. ……I made a promise with her, that I'll talk more to her someday.」



「And you abandoned her?」



「……Yeah, that's right-. Right now, even in this moment, she is trying to end the war by offering her own life. But at the same time, a lot of people is in the verge of dying right in this moment. That's why, I──」



「And so rather than "one important person", you chose "the many that you don't even know their face".」



From Kouki's fist that was clenched once more, and then from the lip that he was biting, blood was trickling down. From his eyes that looked like they would break down crying anytime, perhaps there would even be blood flowing from there.



Seeing such Kouki, Hajime calmly asked.



「You aren't going to beg me?」



「Will you move if I beg you? Even though I don't have anything to compensate you!? I'll do anything if you save Moana! I'll even be your slave! But, you aren't going to move by something like that right!?」



「……」



Hajime stared still at Kouki. And then, his expression turned complicated, no, a bit of displeased feeling seeped out from his face, before he suddenly started talking to empty air.



『Can you hear me? The situation is somewhat unpleasant though……yeah, right, well, I already know you all are going to say that. In that case inevitably──what? You want me to decide? Why……don't say disgusting thing. Even if you ask me how about the current Amanogawa……』



Koone and co were dumbfounded seeing Hajime suddenly started talking to empty air, but Kouki guessed that Hajime was talking with Shizuku and others and his eyes blinked.



If he remembered correctly, he had heard about the development of smartphone that could connect to even another world, but he didn't hear that such thing could be done just by using telepathy.



In that case, right, the strange roundabout way of talking before.



Most likely, Shizuku and others came to this world. And then, just in case that there was an existence like Ehito in this world, they must be hiding somewhere so as to not attract attention as much as possible. That was Kouki's guess about the situation.



As a matter of fact, that guess was right on the spot. For caution's sake, there were only Shizuku, Kaori, Yue, Shia, Tio, Ryutaro, and Suzu, the Holy Precincts members here, they already arrived in this world. Right now, while Hajime was going out to observe the situation, the others were hiding in concealed state in the middle of a mountain at the south.



Furthermore, about a certain abyss-san whose forte was in reconnaissance, it should rather be left unsaid that Hajime only recalled him after arriving in this world where he then whispered 「Ah…the scout role……」.



With a displeased expression where this time Hajime didn't even bother to hide it, he faced Kouki and then asked after a bit of indecision.



「Amanogawa. There are a lots of things that I should confirm but, in this occasion, I'll put them aside. That's why, just answer me this──that choice of yours, is it "the right choice" for you?」



'Aa', Kouki thought. If it was called unexpected, then it was unexpected. If it was called not so unexpected, it was also not really unexpected. He had been conscious toward this person to that degree, and he had also obstinately picked a quarrel with him to that degree. It wasn't strange even if this person accurately grasped about his bottleneck.



However, if he was asked that here──he keenly felt that to the end, he really couldn't help but be conscious of this unreasonable man.



Kouki answered along with feeling some amount of happiness.



「Something like that, doesn't matter.」



「Hah」



Perhaps Kouki's feeling was transmitted. Even Hajime let out a laugh that sounded happy from hearing that answer. It felt like he could hear a voice that sounded like「Fine」.



Hajime shook his head once, and then his hand took out a compass. And then, he ascertained something while turning his back on Kouki once more.



「Nagumo?」



「This is the first and the last. I'll eradicate the worry about the future.」



「tsu, you……」



Kouki's face warped when he guessed the meaning of that sentence.



The direction Hajime was facing was toward the rear territory. That was to say, that he was taking responsibility for the many territories that were being attacked. What he meant by the first and the last, was surely about Kouki being able to go saving his "one important person".



Kouki silently turned his back toward Hajime. He faced toward the direction of the capital.



「A farewell gift. I'll kill you if you make a blunder even after I set up the table to this degree.」



「What unreasonableness.」



Around Kouki who was making a small smile, possessing upper body and wings of eagle, and torso of lion──Gryphon(Grim Reaper), ten of them appeared. Hajime must meant for them to be the ride until the capital.



For Hajime to expressly prepare even the share for Koone and others, Kouki thought that it seemed Hajime had really mellowed up. It appeared that while himself was spending days of brutality in Tortus, Nagumo was also doing his best to acclimate himself to peace. Laughter welled up inside Kouki even more.



Thinking that if it was now he could say it, Kouki called at Hajime with a bright expression.



「Hey, Nagumo. Actually while I was about to die, I was thinking that there is something that I'm absolutely going to say to you if I could survive.」



「Aa?」



Hajime who seemed to be confirming the battlefield using the compass raised his face and looked back across his shoulder.



Kouki slightly looked up to the sky with his back still facing Hajime,



「As I thought, I really hate you.」



This man was able to do what he was unable to do like it was nothing. He was able to push his way through his own path without hesitation.



Truly enviable. He helplessly admired that. The way of living that he couldn't possibly imitate was so dazzling it burned his eyes.



Such emotion was included inside Kouki's words.



Hajime who heard those words clicked his tongue. He returned his gaze forward and while staring at at the far rear direction,



「What a coincidence. Actually I also thought the same just a little while ago.」



Kouki's eyes instantly opened wide.



And then,



「I, I see-. So you hate me! Ahahahahah」



The coldest reaction in relationship with people was "apathy".



Kouki couldn't hold it, he couldn't endure it. He raised a laughter that was bright and clear like a cloudless sky.



Normally it was an exchange of words that would cause the atmosphere to turn stormy. And yet, for some reason he even felt his feeling was cool and clear.



Koone and others couldn't do anything except looking alternately at Hajime and Kouki with totally no idea of what was going on.



Kouki climbed up on a mechanized gryphon while prompting Koone and others to follow. Koone and co were timidly climbing on the back of the bizarre mythical beasts that they had never seen before.



With Koone at his front and Lilin who for some reason was getting on gleefully behind him, Kouki corrected his sitting posture without looking back. At that time, Koone who was looking up at Kouki's expression gulped seeing his solemn expression and atmosphere.



Kouki took a deep breath, and then with a heavy emotion in his voice,



「Take care of the rear──demon king.」



In response Hajime opened a gate while also without looking back,



「Just face to the front──hero.」



He said that with a voice that sounded a bit different with how he said that word until now──



The hero went to the sky, while the demon king vanished into a gate.



Hero and demon king.



The thinking of the two couldn't complement each other, their path ran parallel from the other. Their back facing each other was only natural.



However, two paths running parallel to each other arriving at the same place, and also two backs kept facing each other while pushing aside innumerable obstacles without worrying about their back, might be something that could possibly happen.



AN: Thank you very much for reading every time.



Thank you very much too for the thoughts, opinions, and reports about misspelling and omitted words.



It seems there are a lot of voices asking about Hajime offing the dark king (sweat)



My apologize for not fulfilling that expectation, but this is Kouki's tale so it's the plan for Kouki to do the boss fight.



Also Shirakome is a fellow that will make it long when he start writing battle description, so I'm thinking to do the musou battle of Hajime and co in the shortened style like in Myuu's chapters.



The plan is like that, but it will make me happy if you readers will be able to enjoy that.





Chapter 278




「……What's with you guys?」



What was waiting for Hajime who teleported after parting with Kouki into the middle of a mountain where Yue and others were waiting, were faces that were smiling happily or smirking.



「Nooo, it's nothing at all yeah? We ain't thinking anything like, that Nagumo and Kouki really hit it off, none at all yeah?」



Ryutaro who had the widest smirk among the members who arrived in this world approached Hajime and tried to place his arm around Hajime's shoulder over-familiarly.



*DOPAN-*



'It's non lethal so it's fine!' As though to say that, a godspeed quick draw without shred of hesitation in it splendidly impacted Ryutaro's forehead, causing him to accomplished an artistic backflip and fainting dogeza.



「Taniguchi, my bad. Your boyfriend passes away in another world at his first day of getting a lover.」



「Hiiih, Ryu-ku~~~nn! Hang in thereee!」



Suzu who came back to her senses moved to nurse Ryutaro while losing her composure in panic.



「I don't have any intention to end up like Ryutaro……but, it's honestly unexpected, I'm really happy.」



「You're right, Shizuku-chan!」



Shizuku smiled happily just like she said. Kaori was also the same.



They were coming to pick up Kouki who was summoned into another world. Just from doing that they were forced with terrible burden as the cost.



When the compass was used to search the location, they found out that it was a very far distance. Honestly speaking, if they didn't have the new technology──converting electricity into magic power──that was used to economize the cost of magic power for opening gate to Tortus from earth, they wouldn't be able to come here right away.



On top of that, something like Kouki's wish to interfere with this world's strife wasn't something that could be requested from Hajime at all. It didn't matter how indulgent Hajime was with his relatives, even if for example that if Shizuku and others were unable to abandon the people here and joined the fight, it could be guessed that Hajime too would move and help out, but still.



Exactly because Hajime was someone like that, that Shizuku and others wouldn't make request to him so easily.



For that reason, they thought that Hajime would surely make Kouki fainted and dragged him back forcefully. Hajime wouldn't choose the option of abandoning Kouki because he wouldn't make Shizuku and others to feel anxious. They thought that if it was for the sake of the peace of mind of Shizuku and others, Hajime would discard something like Kouki's wish as rubbish.



But, when the lid of the situation was opened it turned out like this.



Shizuku and Kaori looked like they wanted to know about the reason of his action. Hajime made a disgruntled face seeing that while answering half-heartedly.



「It's just a whim.」



「……Nn. Hajime feel a bit curious where Kouki who obtain an answer that is exactly opposite from him will end up, that's what he is saying.」



「Yue!?」



There was nothing impossible in front of the first wife power. Yue-sama splendidly saw through the inside of the heart of the husband.



「Also~, forsaking something because of apathy won't make Hajime-san think twice, but forsaking something because of reluctance as the reason will make him feel like that his caliber as a person is too small, that's seem to be another reason desuu. After all Hajime-san, he is really particular about the strangest things.」



「Shia……」



「Though for goshujin-sama it's only obvious to ignoreth someone that he dislike. Well, this must be that. Doing that kind of conversation with that kind of character art chuuni-ish──」



*DOPAN-*



Tio accomplished an artistic backflip and fainted dogeza. Not a single person rushed to nurse her.



Hajime cleared his throat to change the atmosphere, then he approached Ryutaro with brisk footsteps and kicked him.



「Oi, what are you doing fainting like that. Wake up right now you muscle lump.」



「Wai-, he fainted because of Nagumo-kun's fault right!? No matter what that's just too unreasonable.」



Suzu deployed a barrier with healing effect inside in order to protect her boyfriend.



Ryutaro opened his eyes before long. At the same time, Tio woke up from the pleasure of two shots shooting her butt.



「Oh maaan, it's been too long since I got hit with that yeah.」



「If you aren't even able to evade stun bullet by sight, you won't be able to serve as vanguard you know?」



A severe notification came from Shia toward Ryutaro who stood up while feeling nostalgic.



Ryutaro thought.



'In the first place, you are the strange one for being able to evade bullet by sight', was his thought. 'Don't confuse me with a bugged rabbit that normally dodge even railgun', he thought.



「Now then, there isn't much time. I'm going to explain the situation okay?」



When Hajme changed his voice tone and said that, everyone tensed their expression and looked at Hajime.



Like that according to the explanation that Hajime started, there were six towns that were receiving attack even now, and there was also one more place that was going to get attacked before long.



「The information about the enemy is few. From what I glimpsed through the reconnaissance drone, they have the ability to think, regulation, and cooperation. They are clad with unknown black mist, and it seem they can use that as weapon to a certain degree. For their defensive power, there is no problem with using launcher class to deal with them.」



Everyone nodded while going 'I see'. Hajime also told them that it appeared that there was an army of five until seven thousand at the very least deployed in each of the six places that were being attacked currently. The seventh place──Arquette was being approached by a force that was deployed from city that had already perished, added with reinforcement midway that force grew to a number around fifteen thousand.



Hajime gave out instruction for Ryutaro and Suzu to form a tag team that was responsible for one city, while the rest would be responsible for one city for each of them.



「Why are the two of us grouped up? Well yeah, compared to Nagumo and others our fighting strength must be low though.」



Ryutaro asked looking a bit dissatisfied. Hajime told him that it was to make their number fit the number of the attacked places, and it was also better for the two of them to be together just in case of something unexpected. What's more,



「I'm not that savage that I'll pull apart two people who just publicly become lovers in the battlefield.」



「Nagumooo」



「Ahaha. Thank you, Nagumo-kun.」



The two of them greatly wanted to deny the part of "not a savage", but this was a kindness that was hard to come by from Hajime, so they thanked him honestly.



They also ignored Hajime's whisper of 「Forgetting Endo is a blunder. If he is here, I would throw him right in the middle of the army at the capital just in case but……」.



After quickly explaining until that point, at the end Hajime spoke what had to be said.



「Now then, I think that you all had heard, but it appears that the opponent has their own will. I don't know about the detail, but it seem that attacking human and eating them has meaning for those bunches.」



Everyone, especially Ryutaro, Suzu, Shizuku, and Kaori made a grave expression.



「Right now is the time if you want to back away. It's not like we really have to split up, I can just do it alone. If you have hesitations then wait here.」



The ones that answered right away were Yue, Shia, and Tio. Shizuku and Kaori closed their eyes for a bit before showing a determined gaze.



Ryutaro opened his mouth while making a troubled expression.



「That Kouki see, he has resolved himself right? Then see, there ain't no way I who am his best friend can cower. I too am also thinking about my path ahead from here on.」



「I too. That resolve……I have finished it before fighting Eri.」



Suzu was nestling close to Ryutaro, however she spoke that with a really mature expression.



Seeing the two, Hajime concluded that they would be fine and he immediately showed a fearless smile and opened gates one after another using crystal key.



「Okay then. Well even though I say that, it's not like I'm telling you 'don't even show mercy' or anything. As long as you aren't half-assed about it, do whatever you like in regard about that. I'll send along Ornis to each battlefield. If the battle end contact me──then, let's go.」



Along with Hajime's signal, everyone in that place leaped into the gate.



At that day. The people in a lot of the rear territories of Synclea kingdom became witness of the miracle that would be told to the future generation as legend.



──The southernmost territory Rashvet



A certain soldier A's monologue



「At that day, a part of the defensive wall finally crumbled and those monsters were rushing in. I thought that this is it. It was at that time, suddenly, cloud covered the sky. I was surprised that it suddenly became dark and when I looked up──that person, a goddess was there. She was, beautiful. To the degree that I couldn't think of her as a being of this world. Even though there were enemies in front of my eyes, I kept looking up to the sky.」



A certain soldier B's monologue



「That person, had three layers of shining halo on her back. That was already a divine sight……. But what was really surprising, it wasn't that person's beauty or her sublimity, it was how she summoned something that was like a snake of lightning from inside the thundercloud. ……It was an otherworldly sight.」



A certain soldier C's monologue



「The raining down light and also the great snake of lightning slaughtered those monsters in the blink of eye. No, was that really killing? For me, for me it looked like suicide. Those monsters, they were throwing themselves in by their own wish, that was how it looked like to me. My comrades were all praising that person but, no, I'm also thankful but……actually, I'm still shaking even now from recalling that. Because I cannot think of that as fighting. I'm, sacred of that person.」



A certain soldier D's astonishment



「Eh? Her true identity? There is no way I know──what? She is surely the angel sent by Foltina-sama to us? You, are you a genius!?」



A certain soldier E's misunderstanding



「You ask me if I've heard the rumor? What rumor huh? Eh? The messiah of that time, is actually Foltina-sama herself you say!? ……I see, so that was how Foltina-sama looked like huh. Kuu, what a thankful story! Iii, am crying for some reason!」



The conclusion of certain bunch of soldiers



「It looks like Foltina-sama is sublimely beautiful woman with golden hair and crimson eyes, she fly freely in the sky, with three layers of halo on her back, control the weather, and served by giant snake of lightning.」



A certain painter's work



「I have to leave behind the figure of Foltina-sama for future generation!」



A vampire princess in later time



「……I'm, not, Foltina」



A certain incarnation of nature-sama



「……The hurdle is high, desu」



──The center of trade Vialattea



Excerpt from a part of information journal



Due to the attack of giant race, the defensive wall of Vialattea was destroyed in less than an hour.



Those giants, they didn't invade right away as though to thrust despair right before our eyes. They were deliberately watching as we, the citizens of Vialattea were falling into panic or falling down in despair.



Looking at the result, that saved our life.



In order to grant us even more despair, the giant race took a step forward. At that moment, 「SHAORAAAAAAAAAA-」 such war cry resounded, and right after that, the giant body of that giant race was blown away to the horizon.



While everyone were dumbfounded, a being landed on top of the defensive wall. It was a mystery of how that being should be looked as.



It was certain that being wasn't human. The reason was the splendid rabbit ears attached on her head. There was also a tail just a bit above her bottom. It was clear to see that those weren't artificial accessory seeing how they were moving about with irregular motion.



That fantastic looking person should be called as a <Dark Being> if thinking rationally.



However what this writer is writing here is not fantasy but the truth.



That woman with fantastic appearance was exactly the savior of this Vialattea. The huge iron hammer she swung around blew away several thousand of <Dark Being>. It didn't matter whether they were giant race or anything else, they were all blown away the same.



Surely Vialattea would talk about her for the long time to come.



That girl with thin clothing, rabbit ears, and that wonderful body!



I'm digressing but, some company appears to be already setting out to make the product of rabbit ear attachment and rabbit tail attachment. While this is truly being presumptuous, this writer is earnestly wishing that this enterprise will succeed.



Walking through the city where the lovely girls of Vialattea are wearing rabbit ears and tail.



I believe that will be an amazing sight.



──Coastland territory Pallagrello



The feudal lord's reminiscence.



It was unbelievable.



Who would ever imagine that this rear territory would be surrounded by an army in the blink of eye and be struck by an invasion.



The deployment of the soldiers couldn't possible make it in time. Far from that, it was even unclear whether the capital would notice about this Pallagrello's annihilation.



I thought that this is the end.



After all, even the defensive wall was in the state that wasn't really meaningful. Because among those <Dark Beings> there were also flying type species.



From how there wasn't any excellent blessing art caster here, we were unable to even resist when we were aimed at from the sky.



It was unbelievable. How this beloved territory would be annihilated in my generation.



It was unbelievable. How when I gazed at the sea from my room's window for the last time, a monster appeared.



It was unbelievable. How I peed myself in this age when I almost became an old man already.



It was unbelievable. How despite its appearance that was of a flying type <Dark Being>, however the black monster that were many times larger breathed out something like a light ray and blew away the an army.



It was unbelievable. How the monster was talking with a voice that sounded as though it was echoing inside my head, something like 『……Why didst goshujin-sama threw me into the sea……does he liketh Go○ira that much』.



It was unbelievable. How when inside my heart I retorted 'This thing is absolutely stronger than the <Dark King>!', a disgusting voice and rough breathing 『Ho, however, after having mine forehead and butt shot at, I was then thrown into the sea……haa haa. Mayhaps, in the dawn of mine hardwork, there wouldst be even more reward!? Nnnh』entered into my ear!



……When this battle is over, I'll retire……



──The second supply accumulation territory Rizgal



The testimony of a <Dark Being> that became prisoner



What? Is it finally the time for execution? Huh? That's not it? You're telling me to talk about that day?



Hmph, you humans also saw it right? Just as──



Chih. I got it. I just need to talk right? It……doesn't matter. I don't even feel like resisting. Who……who can win against that kind of monster-.



Tsu, fuu fuuh. Ye, yeah, I'm all right. Though when I'm recalling it, it feels like my head will turn strange.



That was, that was, right, it was something silver. The appearance looked like human female but……it wasn't human by any means. It was also not some kind of race of us. It was clad in silver light, swallowing everything in……



Tsu. There were also some guys that somehow slipped through and tried close quarter. But, it was impossible. It wasn't about being fast. It was more, something that is outside our common sense. When I came to myself, every single one was split into two without exception.



And yet, if I got to say what is the most terrifying, it was how that thing kept cutting, and annihilating without hesitation……and yet, it kept calling out for our surrender.



I somehow understood. That wasn't a warrior. It was only coming out to battlefield, driven by necessity.



Hahah, do you get it human?



That thing devastated us because it was necessary. Something that wasn't even a warrior fought while being considerate to that degree, and we ended up like this.



Also, I saw it.



Human, all of you also saw it right? The soldiers and other bunches that we should have killed already──they came back to live! I remember it! The soldier that I killed, the man who introduced himself as platoon captain! I should have blown up his head right from the front! And yet, and yet when that silver light spread like wave, it was like I have never done anything!



Aa, shit-. What the hell-, what was I fighting there!



What……what was it we had turned into enemy……



──Northwest relay territory Andreal



A retired old soldier's memorandum



An invasion of more than five thousand <Dark Being>. Even in my long life, something like that didn't happen that many times.



To say nothing about how they appeared in the rear territory without even any advance warning……



In the end, is the capital, is her majesty safe? Even while worrying like that, I felt it that this will be the place where I die, I shook off my surrounding that is holding me back and got out to the outside of the defensive wall.



My old equipment felt really heavy. But, my feeling was calm.



Now then, I'm going to bring as many enemy as possible to accompany me to hell. It happened right after I thought so.



She appeared.



Her black glamorous hair was tied into one bundle. She was a girl with an air like a stretched taut string. She was really young.



A question arose inside myself since when she was beside me, but for the time being, I thought that surely this girl had backbone and came out here with the same thinking like me, and so I told her to go back disregarding what I myself was doing.



However, the girl smiled sweetly and said a brief sentence, 「I'm glad I made it in time」 before she gracefully walked toward the army approaching from the front.



I was a bit astonished, but unable to leave her alone, I chased after her to take her back.



It was at that time. The girl calmly lowered her form, with a slender sword sheathed on her waist, she took a stance where her sword kept being unsheathed.



'What's with that? Doesn't she even know how to unsheathe a sword? Was it as I thought, she discerned her death just like me and came out here with only strong spirit?', I was half in admiration like that, and was also half ashamed with this situation that caused a young woman like her to make such determination. I hesitated in what I should do.



The enemy's formation had approached quite near, it was impossible to even just throw her into the town after this late.



Good grief, she was too great of a companion for the journey to the next world, but at the same time it was too sad. Like that I was about to draw out my sword.



Yes, I stopped only at an attempt to draw out sword. More accurately, the situation became one where I didn't need to continue that action.



But surely it couldn't be helped correct? Because, it went *supan-* y'know. It went *supa~~~nn* in a horizontal straight line like this.



Several hundred <Dark Beings>, had their upper body and lower body parted from each other y'know.



I don't comprehend. Perhaps by any chance, I'm still sleeping right now? Am I dreaming? I was rubbing my eyes many times thinking like that.



When I looked at the girl, she whispered something like 「……Like this I can be rushed huh. This is still in practice but, can't be helped」.



But, I couldn't ask or anything. Because, after blinking, behind me and her there were several hundred, no, I felt like she whispered that might sounded like 「Senjin - Kokutou(Thousand Blades - Black Katana)」, so I believed it was a thousand, that was how many black swords were lining up there in orderly fashion.



It was a magnificent spectacle.



When I noticed, something came out from the thousand swords. With that something messed up those Dark Beings and cut them.



When I whispered 'awesomeee~', before I knew it there were only those bunches that expired pitifully, while the girl had vanished.



I went home normally then.



Somehow there was messenger from the feudal lord saying 「Report what happened~」, but it wasn't my business. I'm sleeping already.



──The largest territory for fruit growing Erlach



The written report of a certain vigilance corps captain before revision - excerpt from a part



The army of <Dark Being> that appeared from the west cultivation area destroyed a part of the defensive wall before the sun completely sank.



The vigilance corps members were fighting hard. Due to the many number of the dead and injured, their fighting strength was reduced by half at that point of time.



We collapsed the houses around the destroyed area to turn them into improvised barricade.



Many of the invading <Dark Being>──the carapace race had high defensive power, the best the vigilance corps members could do was stopping them in their track. The many legged race that also invaded at the same time had fast and complicated movement that gave difficulty for the defenders to deal with them.



The evacuation was still unfinished at this time.



Surpassing the ability of the vigilance corps members to deal with the situation, it seemed that the carapace race and many legged race would manage to circle at the rear of the defenders, but then a situation that was unexpected for both us and the <Dark Beings> averted us from that encirclement.



Suddenly, a shining bright half dome membrane spread from the center of the city. It pushed back the <Dark Beings> and ejected them to outside the defensive wall.



In order to grasp the situation, I went outside from the destroyed part of the wall to scout ahead.



There a tiny girl yelled 「Everyoneee! Do itttt──!」.



Right away, bugs that numbered in frightful amount and also huge sized came out in creepy crawly movement. I would be troubled even if you ask me from where they came from. Because, the bugs came out from around the girl y'know. I can only say it like that.



The bugs' appearance wasn't really different from the carapace race and many legged race, however, that was a parade of monsters that were many time more brutal than the enemy! Hyahha! This is the end of the world yeah!



I served in the vigilance corpse for twenty years. I served as captain for ten years. I will be 47 this year, but I've never seen this kind of hell ever. It was gross you know, so gross that I've got no more words for it.



Somehow a part of the bugs, they secretly devoured those <Dark Being> bunches. That was the first time ever I saw <Dark Being> got preyed on. I was traumatized. I'm seeing it in my dream even now. Honestly speaking, I can only see both sides as the nemesis of humanity that has to be annihilated……



「He, hey! You must not eat them! Spit it out! Spit it!」 That girl said that with pale face, so it must not be that girl's order. That was the only silver lining. Something like a girl who order predation with smiling face……that would make me unable to look straight at my daughter's face from now on if that happen.



In a sense, a situation where monster that isn't listening to their master's order doing a parade of predation, I'm trying to not think about it.



Putting that aside, the membrane of light was amazing. Nothing went through.



For example, when a young man with naked upper body suddenly turned into monster in the middle of the battlefield and tore those <Dark Being> bunches into shreds, punched them, threw them away, and those guys that didn't even retain their original form got splattered messily on the light membrane, the light membrane still did its job perfectly.



……Right in front of my eye one of those guys flew at me and went splat at the light membrane, his empty eyes that were opened wide as though to say 'I saw something unbelievable!', it was really traumatic but, I think that the membrane of light was doing a great job.



The small girl urged those guys to surrender but, honestly, I think those guys didn't have any leeway to consider it.



At that time they must be thinking, of how to run away from the encounter with the unknown.



Despite myself, I completely understand how those guys were feeling. I absolutely won't say it out loud but, inside my heart I was yelling 「Stop it alreadyyyy!」 while crying.



I never even imagined, that in my life a day will come where I'm going to pray for the sake of the <Dark Being> although it was only inside my heart……you will never know what is going to happen in life.



When it reached the endgame, the girl noticed me and our eyes met. I thought she had a cute face, but the gruesome battlefield entered the corner of my sight, so frankly, it was scary. It didn't feel like I was alive.



Even so I'm the captain of the vigilance corps. I had to asked them, just who they are.



Feudal lord-sama, please praise me. Please praise a lot this me who wrung out my courage and was diligent in my duties! Also, please raise my wage!



Well, I know that's a hopeless request. Because, I cannot write about their identity in this written report.



It cannot be helped. We are talking about the limit of human being here.



Because, surely anyone will jump in fright if monster leap in front of your eyes right?



That thing, it had greenish skin that seem impossible for most living thing to have, a giant body that was higher than two meter, its whole body was covered with savage muscles, with fangs in its mouth, and with crimson eyes that looked like beast, it was fiercely breathing out with *fushuu~* sound, while grinning so wiiiiiidely-.



Smiling face was one of the important things in social life. I also grinned back.



Though my memory cut off there. Can't be helped, my heart was at its limit. That kind of scary face, although I was behind that membrane of light, I was still going to faint no matter what.



And so, I don't really understand anything about them!



That's all!



──The nearest supply accumulation territory to the capital Arquette



According to the situation at that time



「Rothko-sama! An army from the north!」



「……So it's as expected.」



While it's a shocking news that entered my ears, at the same time it is also something that I have anticipated. I can feel how my eyebrows are frowning.



Three days ago when her majesty received the notification of the dire situation, the northern territory that was called with alias "The Third Supply Accumulation Territory" ──Radice was already being attacked.



Radice wasn't like Arquette that was blessed with the good fortune of "his" presence, they had no prospect of getting saved, in that case, it can be easily predicted where those <Dark Being> bunches would head toward after they finished with Radice.



I don't know what happened with the soldiers that should be heading here as reinforcement from the capital.



But, if by any chance they clashed with the <Dark Beings>, then their battle strength should more or less get decreased. He had already departed, but if there are the two thousand soldiers I received from her majesty, then perhaps……



「Then, how many their number is?」



「According to the report from the scout that patrolled the outskirt……it's more than ten thousand.」



「Tsu. I see……Orlage-kun. Can your troops drive them away?」



Toward my question, the regimental commander who is entrusted with the troop of two thousand──Still Orlage-kun made a grave expression.



「The reinforcement to the defensive wall is finished. If their army has the same composition with the previous attack, then I swear we will repel them back even if their number is five times more. However……」



I guessed it with a sour expression as though I am swallowing a bitter bug. When I confirmed it, just as expected, not just flying species, there is even giant race among the enemy.



The defensive wall has become tough. The underground vault is also flawless, now that it's the second time we should be able to do evacuation of the people smoothly too. But, we cannot expect for reinforcement at all. Because right now her majesty and he aren't here exactly due to the danger the capital is in.



「It appears, that fate wish for this land to perish no matter what……」



Fortunately it seems that Orlage-kun didn't hear the grumble that unconsciously came out from my mouth.



I quickly give the instruction for the people to evacuate. I make the preparation to give some brief words to brush away their anxiety even for just a little.



I exchange bitter smile with my wife Syla thinking, 'even though we were holding hope that perhaps we can meet our beloved child one more time, and yet…'. She who is able to smile like that even in this kind of situation is really an able wife in my opinion.



When I go outside, I can see the figures of people carrying their feet toward the underground vault in line. The previous fight caused the surrounding of the underground vault to become an empty lot, so the progress is really smooth.



Suddenly, my ears catch the voice of the children. Their voices even sound bright despite this kind of situation.



「I'm telling you it will be fine! After all we have hero-sama!」



「But, hero-sama has gone away somewhere you know?」



「There is that but……but, it's absolutely going to be fine! Surely hero-sama will come to save us!」



It seems that even though he isn't here, he is still bringing about hope.



Thinking of him who continued to keep fighting even while losing consciousness, driven only by the feeling of having to protect us no matter what, the corner of my eyes become warm, because of regret, because of mortification. I am unable to protect the people that he protected by putting his life at risk.



When he someday come back here, what will he think when he see this ruined land. Just from imagining that, it feels like my heart will get crushed.



「Rothko-sama, let's hurry the evacuation of the people. The enemy's movement is faster than our anticipation.」



「Hm, is that so. I got it.」



It seems that the enemy's movement is faster than we imagined. Could it be that the matter of Arquette not falling was also conveyed to the <Dark King>?



While feeling the sensation as though the fighting spirit of those <Dark Being> bunches are being transmitted to here from afar, we are doing what we ought to be doing.



We managed to finish the evacuation of the people. The placement of the soldiers is also finished. What ought to be done──is done.



Sound like ground rumbling, or perhaps like something exploding is resounding from afar. Hahah, it seems that the fighting spirit of those <Dark Being> bunches is the real thing.



At this time it won't be strange even if they appear into sight anytime.



……



……



……



They are unexpectedly slow huh……



Although explosion sounds are resounding……



……



……



……



They are really slow! Time spend waiting like this is unexpectedly also distressful!



Don't tell me, are they lost? If that's the case, when those lots finally arrived I'm going to grandly provoke them 「Yaa~ii you idiooots! You all are actually getting lost in this vast desert huh~」 before dying……



Don't tell me……the soldiers from the capital are holding them back? No, that's impossible. If that's the case they should be coming to Arquette. Something like clashing against <Dark Being> at a flat plain without anything in it will only be suicide.



Or perhaps, the reinforcement has a number that can crush an army of more than ten thousand from the front? No, It's clear that the capital is lacking arous. A soldier force of infantry in such number couldn't possibly come to interrupt at this timing. Either way, it's strange that no messenger come to Arquette if that's actually the case.



……Hmm? The explosion sound stopped?



What is going on……, shit-, we are lacking information!



Then at that time, as though my irritated feeling goes through, I can see a scouting soldier desperately running over a hill at the north.



When I meet him right away, his expression looks like he had seen the end of this world. He gives me his report with inarticulate speech.



「A, a demon! A monster! Something like that isn't human!」



Ri, right. It's true that <Dark Being> isn't human.



The scout soldier guessed that we aren't getting what does he mean, so he calm down his breathing a bit before speaking out a shocking report.



Let's see, someone with the appearance of a human young man is mowing down an army of ten thousand by himself? Streaks of crimson light is trampling the battlefield, and each time those <Dark Beings> got blown away? Countless huge animals suddenly appeared, and then right after a part of their body transformed and fired flash of light, or else they looked like they were firing something that looked like a tube, and at the next moment, flame blast spread and turned the enemies into dust? Shower of blood and flesh?



……Orlage-kun. Did you make a mistake with the selection of personnel? Or perhaps, aren't you overworking this man too much?



Eh? It's not a lie? Please believe what you said?



That young man is trampling down the enemy while giving advice to surrender, and the enemy that ignored that and escaped was finished off with a shot of light even though there was distance of several kilometer? And then……he caught sight of you who were hiding at the shadow of the hill from quite far off distance and your eyes met each other?



What's that, scary.



Ah, yep, you, come on, don't cry. Just from listening I can understand how much fear you must have experienced.



Hm~m, however, that young man is opposing the <Dark Being>, so he is our ally……I think.



Yosh, Orlage-kun. We are going there to confirm it!



Orlage-kun tried to stop me, but if it's really the truth that young man has repelled the enemy army then as a feudal lord there is no way I cannot give him my thanks. Besides, for that young man to have such power……perhaps that young man is his ally.



If that's the case, we have to treat him with the greatest respect.



I push away the protests and head toward the scene with Orlage-kun and the soldiers as guards.



Let's say the conclusion. It was hell.



The earth is all turned up with countless craters on the surface. The corpses of <Dark Beings> that aren't keeping their original form. The bits of flesh scattered all over. Here and there are flames that are dying the blazing world crimson. A sinister atmosphere is running rampant in the battlefield, wafting off from the great number of monsters with strange appearance.



And then, on top of the corpses of <Dark Beings> that were somehow piled up into a huge mound, a young man is standing while glaring down at everything. Crimson sparks are surging from all over his body while his shoulder is shouldering some kind of austere object.



Aa, certainly, I'll recognize it. If hell really exist, then surely it will be this kind of sight without a doubt.



The young man turned his face toward us who are dumbfounded and cannot move.



The moment I saw his eyes, I guessed it.



──Before long the demon king might arrive. There will be salvation if there is suitable compensation for him



Aa, those words, so it refer to this! This person is truly the demon king! The king of hell! Crushing absuridty with even more absurdity, a being that surpassed human knowledge!



There I suddenly come to my senses. The demon king-sama became our salvation. In other words, it shows that we possess something that is suitable to compensate him.



Blood leaves from my face quickly. Who paid the compensation? It's obvious. It's him. Then how much is the compensation? A compensation at minimum has to balance the work being done. Then, this is about that person who risked his life for Arquette's sake we are talking about here. Even if he cannot pay it right now, someday as the compnesation he will use his own──



「Demon king-sama!! It is truly our greatest honor and delight to be bestowed with your presence heree!! I am the feudal lord of Arquette, Rothko Arquette-!! First allow me to say our greatest gratitude for repelling the enemy army───!!」



It looks like the demon king-sama is perplexed while commenting 「O, ou?」 for some reason, but I'm desperate here. Anyway I'll just say what I have to say! While rubbing my forehead on the ground at the same time!



「For the demon king-sama to be here, my foolish self here dare say that you received a compensation regarding this matter from him!」



It feels like demon king-sama is getting creeped out while saying 「Eh, what is this old man is saying? It's a bit scary though」, but I'm desperate!



「I am truly being presumptuous here but-, I beg you-, I'll offer you my life, so please be merciful to him! I beg you, I beg you with everything that I ammmmmmm」



「No, I don't need something like the life of an old man.」



I was dismissed so bluntly. He don't need the life of an old man……hah, don't tell me!



「O, only my wife! Please at least forgive only my wife!」



「Ha? Wai-, what are you sayi──」



「I beg you for your mercy-! Please forgive at least the life of my wifeeeeeeeee-」



The demon king-sama said 「Why, am I completely the villain? When I came to help because of getting asked, why did I then become a fiend that is trying to steal the feudal lord's wife? I just don't get it……」 while looking like he is holding his head but, I'm desperate here!



「Furthermore, he is even doing dogeza while yelling desperately, it's déjà vu……. Like this, I don't care anymore. Let's go home……I really want to meet Yue.」



Hearing the voice with the dreadfulness in it thinning down for some reason, I slowly raise my head.



The figure of the demon king-sama isn't there anymore.



When I asked Orlage-kun who is coldly sweating, the demon king-sama vanish at the other side of space with a sullen look.



At that time, although I couldn't hear it, but according to Orlage-kun who has good hearing, just before the demon king-sama vanished, it seemed like he whispered 「Offering his life for the sake of that guy……I see. This is that guy's……」 with his lips slackening just for a bit.



It's only a hunch but, it seems that the demon king-sama won't be taking the life of Kouki-dono.



Perhaps I have been doing something really rude.



Someday, I'll ask about him from Kouki-dono. And then, I'll ask to be allowed to express my thanks once more.



Of course, I'll also thank Kouki-dono too for sending him as reinforcement.



For the sake of that too, Kouki-dono. Please be safe. I'll believe that I'll be able to reunite again with you along with her majesty.



AN: Thank you very much for reading every time.



Thank you very much too for the thoughts, opinions, and reports about misspelling and omitted words.



It's the turn for the serious to rest for a bit.



Now then, this time I have various notice, so I uploaded an activity report.



If I have to convey the summary,



Something like that.



If you have interest, please check the activity report too by all mean.



Please treat me well.





Chapter 279




「PYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!!」



Such weird shriek was echoing through the vast sky.



The voice's owner was Koone. Her blonde twintail was turned unruly from the wind.



Kouki was going to call at her, thinking that she was being scared.



However, before he could do that, it was proved to him that it was impossible for this princess with outrageously light footwork and had energetic spirit like it was a cloth she was wearing to walk around with to feel scared from this precious first experience in her life.



「Ko, Ko-Ko, Kouki-samaaa! We are flying in the skyyyy! Koone, has become a bird! Koone, feels like she is becoming a bird!!」



「So, so you are only getting high spirited huh……」



According to the explanation of Lilin who was hugging him from behind and brought her lips closer to his ear, it seemed that Koone going 'pyaa pyaa' was her habit when she was getting the most excited.



「Kouki-sama! Kouki-sama! Just what in the world this animal is!?」



Naturally there was no way Koone knew about a legendary mythical beast of earth. She asked Kouki while touching the soft feathers of the gallant griffon repeatedly. Koone wasn't turning her head around, she was looking at up at him from his chest. Kouki showed a small smile at such Koone while starting to explain.



But,



「You see──」



「……Kouki-sama, does your injury hurt?」



It seemed he put too much strength into his side when his body stirred a bit. Kouki's breathing was disordered just for an instant from pain. Seeing that, not just Koone, but Lilin behind him was also peering at Kouki with a worried expression.



Kouki was about to bluff by saying 「I'm fine」 .



But then, the griffon's moved its head and looked back as though it was seeing through Kouki's thinking.



『Kuee』



「!? ……Since when it can let out a cry like a real griffon like that?」



From the griffon's appearance, it couldn't be seen at all that it was a golem made from metal. Even so, the last time he saw this thing it shouldn't be able to produce an animal cry if he remembered correctly. Kouki's cheeks were twitching looking at the death god that was evolving continuously day by day.



Right after that, *kashun!* there was such sound from how a part of its back that was located between Koone's legs was splitting into two. More *kashun-* sound came from there and three test tubes that were supported by an arm flew out.



「──」



Koone stiffened still. Until now she was thinking that it was a living thing, but now she stiffened with her eyes opened wide seeing the fact that it wasn't so thrust before her eyes.



「This is……I see. So even the grim reaper is always stocked with healing magic medicine just in case. As expected from Nagumo, he leaves nothing to chance.」



Kouki smiled wryly and took the test tubes, guessing that the "farewell gift" Hajime said also included this meaning. Koone was still staring fixedly at the strangeness coming out from between her legs.



With *kashun-* sound, the back returned to normal. Koone jumped on the spot with a twitch. The back's appearance was already back to the fluffy feathers. Koone's finger timidly reached out and poked.



*kashun-*. It opened for some reason!



「Hiih!?」



Koone screamed and backed away. Her face finally turned into a scared expression that said 「This isn't a living thing!」 from facing the reality.



While that was happening, the special recovery medicine "Dr Fix It V2" that had the effect of high level recovery magic due to Hajime's work that turned it into the highest class of magic medicine healed Kouki's body in the blink of eye.



「Tsu, this is intense. With this I can recover enough in less than an hour before we arrive.」



'Aa, so this is why he provided transportation using grim reaper instead of gate', Kouki made a wry smile once more at Hajime's detailed consideration.



「Ko, Ko-ko-ko, Kouki-samaaa!? This animal, it's not a living thing! Koone believes, that it's not a living thinggg!!」



「Kouki-san. Just what are we riding right now? As expected, it's a bit scary that my bottom feels itchy.」



Both Koone and Lilin asked Kouki with twitching face.



Spike and others who were also riding the same thing also felt the same nervousness. They were in a flying state where it was completely entrusted to the ride, if they were dropped off then at that point they would lose their life. And above all else, the griffons were flying with great speed so the best they could do were clinging tightly.



Thinking that it couldn't be helped for them to act like that, Kouki felt a bit of sympathy for Koone and co while answering.



「Actually, these things have body of metal that is applied with disguise to look like a living thing──they are weapons of slaughter.」



「Slaugh, ter?」



「Wea, pon?」



Koone and Lilin tilted their head until their head flopped on Kouki's chest and shoulder respectively. The dangerous words caused their speech to become somewhat halting.



When Kouki was going to explain more, a shadow came into view at the sky ahead. It appeared that flying type <Dark Beings> were heading their way. Perhaps they were the patrol around the capital's outskirt, or perhaps a squad that chased late after Koone and co.



Their number was roughly thirty.



At the other hand this side had ten griffons. The enemy's force was three times more but……



「Kouki-dono! Ahead there is──」



Spike who was riding the griffon that was flying parallel with Kouki let out a warning voice, at that instant,



『KUEEE!!』



The griffon's beak opened wide. Inside was a large caliber rifle barrel installed……



Instantly, a crimson flash cut through the sky. *zudon zudon-* A sound that sounded like bombardment shook the sky. That attack which destroyed the target of several kilometer ahead electromagnetically accelerated anti object sniper cannon.



Surely even the enemy would never even dream that it would be hit by an attack from such distance that reached them in less than a second. It didn't even have time to perform emergency evasion. Various things scattered from its body and it was falling to the desert below.



While the speechless Koone and co were seeing that, there was a sound of something opening *kashun* from below the excessively thick and splendid wing. They turned their gaze at there. An arm holding six rods came out. Those rods──missiles made *bashuh* sound and flew away with orange fire trail left behind.



A total of sixty missiles became a wall of death that approached the enemies. The <Dark Beings> started evading in panic, but the missiles were following them by detecting heat source. Seeing the countless something following them by changing trajectory sharply……there was feeling of despair that could be felt somehow even from this far.



──Crimson flowers were blooming profusely in the sky



「Slaugh, ter」



「Wea, pon」



As expected from Koone and Lilin. They were completely in harmony. Their speech was still halting, and their body was trembling all over.



Kouki spoke while making a thousand-yard stare.



「They are, the mechanical servants of the demon king. An army that can even compete against the god's apostles. They are called grim reaper.」



Kouki added more explanation toward Koone who was wordlessly asking him 'And what is grim reaper?' with an upward teary gaze.



「It means, the death god you know?」



「Koone, won't go against that person. Koone swear, that Koone won't go against him.」



「Lilin also swear. Lilin declare, that Lilin won't go against that person.」



Putting aside Lilin who copied Koone's way of speaking because of feeling shaken, Kouki made a wry smile while responding 「That's the safe way」.



Before long, by the time Kouki was feeling that his body was getting mostly recovered from the bad condition, their eyes finally could see the capital and the battlefield.



「Aa……」



The one who leaked out that voice that even resembled a moan was Koone. Kouki could also feel from his back that Lilin had stiffened.



That was only natural. The capital of water in the middle of desert that once couldn't be described enough even with the word magnificent had fallen into an atrocious state that was clear from a glance.



The river barrier that surrounded the capital had ended up muddy from getting mixed with miasma that invaded from most of the surrounding. There were even spots where the citizens of the capital were already fighting in an urban warfare.



The deepest place of the palace was half destroyed by some kind of attack.



Currently, the casters were going all out in manipulating the water current of the oasis around the palace that had barrier effect remaining. The oasis was barely working as "moving defensive wall" due to that.



The soldier force deployed at the four directions of the capital was constructing encampment, but it could be seen that it was only a matter of time until they were pushed back. The reinforcement from the moving water defensive wall was barely preventing the collapse of the battle line.



The corpses of the soldiers were scattered all over the place.



And the most tragic thing must be how the whole capital was being covered by darkness colored miasma, just like【Haltina Sea of Trees】. It wasn't so thick that it should be called as dense fog, but the miasma that gnawed at human life was covering the whole battlefield.



In the end, it was a matter of how many miasma stone the defender possessed. It could be thought that among the collapsed people, especially the people collapsed in the city at the rear there should be some who were done in by the miasma.



The capital was almost swallowed by a thick cloud of despair.



The situation was such that could only be seen like that.



「Where is Moana-」



「-, Onee-chan……」



Koone returned to her senses from Kouki's words. Seeing the battle hadn't ended meant that Moana hadn't surrendered yet. In that case, there was enough possibility that she was alive.



They gradually approached the battlefield while they looked over the battlefield with eyes opened wide.



When the number of people who were looking up to the sky and noticed the appearance of Kouki and co increased, Lilin yelled.



「Kouki-sama! Over there!」



Kouki looked at the direction where Lilin was pointing at.



「──tsu」



There. Moana was there.



Her neck was being grasped by a large <Dark Being> whose body was covered with full armor. She was wounded all over with her body being totally limp. Perhaps she didn't even have any more strength to resist because she didn't even look struggling.



「Onee-cha──」



Koone was going to yell. But, her voice that was about to call at her big sister stopped midway. There was a reason for that.



「──」



It was because she was pressured by Kouki.



The strength of the hand that was circled around her stomach. It was only through that hand that she noticed the slight change. It was a strange change.



──She didn't, feel anything.



Yes, Kouki was only being quiet. He wasn't showing anger or even agitation. The large presence she was feeling on her back was gradually turning tranquil. So tranquil to a scary degree.



Koone couldn't bear it and looked behind. Then she saw it.



Kouki's eyes.



Koone thought that they looked like the spring inside the forest.



「Koone. Lilin. Don't let go of the griffon. I'm going to save Moana.」



His voice was also calm. No emotion could be read from that, no, it was so tranquil that it was even doubtful whether there was emotion in it.



The sound of gulping saliva could be heard. It was unknown who was the one that made the sound.



Kouki jumped down from the griffon lightly, as though he was only going for a walk.



After looking on dumbfounded, Koone immediately returned to her senses and gave instruction to the other guards while timidly asking the griffon to land down.



The pain throughout the whole body, the pressure on her neck.



She was enduring those, however, Moana's heart was feeling pain that broke her heart at the scene ahead of her gaze that was hard to endure.



「Your-, majesty-. We are, coming-」



「Kuh, only this much-」



Spenser whose whole body was smeared with blood was swinging sword with a demonic look.



Linden who lost one arm while looking like he could fall anytime was using blessing art with a pale face.



Donar was already lying down without even a twitch with a hole opened in his stomach.



The royal guards, the elites of the soldier force and blessing art company, ahead of Moana's gaze they were currently being tormented as though their body was shaved from the edge.



However, Moana couldn't do anything.



Moana wondered why it turned out like this while gritting her teeth.



Was it because the soldiers, the people of the capital loved her more than she imagined?



Or else, was it because she was unable to predict the depth of the <Dark King>'s grudge toward the royal family?



Defeat was inevitable. When Moana understood that, Moana picked the choice of surrender. She would end the war by offering her life.



This option was something she had considered since a long time ago. It was something she had conveyed to Spenser, Donar, Linden, and all the other top brass.



Naturally, such option was fiercely opposed at the time, but by her continuous persuasion that as a queen she had to think about the realistic option, it was an option that they also accepted.



There were also people who wished to accompany her, but that would depend on the <Dark King>. At the very least, she wouldn't allow anyone to wish for death, that was the only thing that was out of question.



The reason for that?



That was obvious. Because there was her beloved little sister──Koone that was their hope.



By launching a diversion that was paid with a lot of sacrifice, Koone was brought to escape through a hidden path that was constructed underground with the bought time. It seemed there was also pursuer chasing after them, but the one in question here was the clever Koone, Moana believed that she surely would hide herself skillfully.



Like that they then negotiated with the coming <Dark King>.



But, the result was this.



The depth of the grudge of the <Dark King> against the royal family of Synclea, the resentment from the five years ago surpassed the prediction of Moana and others.



That was to say, all the people in the capital regardless whether they were soldier or citizen would be slaughtered.



The queen Moana would watch that scene while going through agony.



Spenser and others were enraged. The option of surrender or retreat was casted away from inside their mind. Even the people of the capital who knew about the situation decided that this place would be their grave. They couldn't possibly turn their back toward their beloved queen no matter the cost.



Like that, the momentum of the invasion increased, and right now even Spenser and others were in the verge of death.



If it was her big brother who became king, or perhaps if it was someone else who wasn't her, would the situation turn out to be better? Would it ended without the situation turning out like this?



Vexation finally emerged as tears while──Moana wrung out her strength and opened her hands. The last heaven's blessing art that would cause her to die if it was used──<Divine Protection>



The blessing art <Wind Sword> came to her hand. Putting the last of her strength into it, she would at least strike back with an attack. It might be just a pointless struggle. No, nine out of ten, this would only end up futilely.



But, she would never despair here. She wouldn't stay meek while grieving no matter what!



She was the warrior's, Synclea's queen! If her head had no worth for the enemy, then she would fight to the end and died!



Perhaps noticing Moana's pressure, the <Dark King>'s gaze turned toward Moana. The red ominous eyes were peering from behind the slit of the helmet. Those eyes narrowed as though in enjoyment of Moana's struggle.



「Your majesty-, don't-」



「Moana-sama-」



Spenser and Linden, and then the soldiers guessed that this would be Moana's last struggle and they raised up sorrowful voice.



Perhaps for the <Dark King> even those voices were side attraction that he delighted from. A joyful stifled laughing voice echoed.



Inside her heart Moana spat out 'I don't give a damn'.



Something like regret……there was no way she didn't have it. No, rather she had a lot of it. Death was scary, she didn't know how many people would be spared, and thinking of how harsh the path that her people would surely continuously walk for long after this made her felt like her heart would burst.



Above all else, she had a thought that even she felt was improper as a queen. She understood that in actuality she should think of her soldiers and people until the end, even so, if Moana was asked what was her greatest regret currently, and if she answered it following her heart without any falsehood, then the answer would be──how she was unable to protect the promise.



Yes, the promise with him. When she heard his story, and when she talked about herself, she made that promise.



However, that promise wouldn't be fulfilled anymore.



Moana thought. Would he get angry? Or else would he feel proud for the choice she made?



It was a mysterious feeling. For some reason he was in her mind since she first saw him, since they exchanged words. The frail him who despite having a phenomenal strength yet looked like he would crumble down anytime now.



She felt it, that the more she talked with him, his existence became bigger inside her.



He was kind but cowardly, strong but weak.



Aa, since when she was getting this taken to him she wondered.



She noticed her feeling was when she saw him continuing to fight even while losing consciousness.



It was a feeling as though the inside of her chest was constricted.



He would surely continue to fight from here on too. And she wished to become a person who would support him when he was tired and let go of his tension.



(Sorry, Kouki.)



The last <Divine Protection> was invoked. She felt it, the sensation of the last important thing that was like something beaten up slipping out from inside her body.



Moana smiled. She smiled fearlessly.



The <Dark King> stirred slightly. His laughing voice changed into a displeased groan.



「Your majesty-」



「Moana-sama-」



Even the sorrowful voice of the soldiers, she responded 'sorry' to them inside her heart.



Spenser and others discarded their defense and tried to rush toward Moana. The <Dark Beings> stood on their way, blocking their path as though telling them to watch quietly. During that time, Moana wrung out her life and put the last attack──



──*ton-*



A light, a very light footstep echoed excessively clearly.



The place, right, it was right in the middle of the <Dark Beings> who were blocking the path of Spenser and co, taking formation right in the middle between them and the <Dark King>.



It was a single human who suddenly fell down as though he too was also a member of the formation.



The <Dark Beings> stiffened.



「──<Light Blade>」



*rin-* sound rang. Instantly, a circle of light that penetrated the <Dark Beings> was drawn.



The human who suddenly fell from the sky──Kouki passed through the <Dark Beings> around him calmly, as though it was only something natural to do, and without pause he confronted the <Dark King>.



The <Dark Beings> who were supposed to be the elites still stiffened.



And then, the katana was sheathed back.



At the same time the upper body and the lower body of the <Dark Beings> were severed from each other and all the body parts fallen down simultaneously. The number easily surpassed a hundred.



With just one attack, the most elite enemies numbered in three digits were cut down.



Starting from Spenser, the soldiers stopped walking and opened their eyes wide in astonishment seeing that fact. The surrounding <Dark Beings> were also getting noisy.



「I'll have you release her.」



A calm voice was declaring so.



The <Dark King> comprehended it a bit late that the voice was directed toward him. He spat out 『The servant of Foltina that was in the report huh』 with a displeased voice and the next moment, he created several hundred lined up spears.



The spears surrounded Kouki from 360 degree direction without any gap.



「-, Kou, ki!!」



Moana's pained voice resounded.



Half-dome of death of spears. This was one of the <Dark King>'s ability. Place that was covered with miasma was all his territory. He could create weapon and beast anywhere and as many as he liked.



『A nuisance. Disappear.』



He shortly said only that, and then those words of the <Dark King> were said without any doubt that it would come to pass.



With an emotion as much as crushing a bug, the barrier of spears flew out to crush the person inside.



『Ah?』



A confused voice. It came from the <Dark King>.



Because his technique was endured──wasn't the reason.



It was because his right arm became light.



「I have certainly received her back.」



『You, bastard-』



Something moved at the corner of his view. It was his arm dancing in the air, and the figure of Kouki that was right in front of him without him noticing. The queen……was already within the arm of the opponent. The lines of spears……several were cut down. Only the spears that were in the way and could hit Kouki were cut to forcefully create a path──



The <Dark King> could only follow until that far.



『Goah!?』



Right after that, a severe impact that was produced at his stomach area thoroughly blew away the <Dark King> who had been continuously acted calm without pause since this war began.



The <Dark Beings> behind the <Dark King> were blown away like bowling pins. The <Dark King> who was flying horizontally above the ground landed a few hundred meters ahead while raising up dust cloud.



「Healing far and wide to the children──<Revolving Heaven>!」



Kouki chanted multiple target recovery magic without being mindful toward the flying <Dark King>.



Starting from Spenser, the soldiers were healed from their wound with shocking speed, including Moana. Linden too, although his arm wasn't regenerated but his bleeding stopped completely, the pain was also receding so his complexion became better.



「Kou, ki」



「Yes. It's me, Moana.」



Moana slowly reached out her arm and touched Kouki's cheek to ascertain the presence of the person who she recalled only just now.



「Why……」



It was a "why" that was filled with various meaning.



How did he come to this battlefield? Who Kouki should protect wasn't her, shouldn't it be the people at the rear instead? It was a question that was asked exactly because she understood Kouki's way of living.



Or, why did he come to this battlefield? The strength of the <Dark King> was abnormal. Even five years ago the kingdom met catastrophic hardship. And now the <Dark King> had become even stronger. She didn't wish for Kouki who was supposed to still be unhealthy to fight such <Dark King>.



Was his body okay? What happened with Koone? What happened with Arquette, with the rear territories? Every kind of worry surfaced within her……



「It's fine.」



「Ah──」



Her anxiety quietly vanished. The dam inside her heart that she desperately built so she wouldn't cry burst. Even without any proof, she was convinced that it was all right already. Tears overflowed.



「Leave the rest to me.」



「Yes……please-」



She paid no mind to her appearance, her shame, or her pride. She only said words that entrusted everything to him. It was something that she had never done by any means since she was enthroned as queen.



As expected, the <Dark Beings> at the surrounding who returned to their senses began to move to steal back the queen. But, at that instant, the raining down pencil missiles blew them away.



「ONEE-CHAAAAAAAAAAAN-」



「KOONE!?」



The princess descended from the sky riding a huge mythical beast. And then Lilin and Spike and the others, the guard squad members too.



Seeing the unexpected entrance of his son, Spenser raised a shocked voice 「Spike!? What are you doing!?」. Spike made a thousand-yard stare despite being in a battlefield and his answer 「Chichi-ue, even I don't understand it myself」 entered Spenser's ears.



Lilin held her breath for a moment after seeing her father's condition, and then for some reason she made a thumb up saying 「Otou-san! Nice guts!」. With a twitching face Linden retorted 「What in the world you are straddling there!?」.



While the griffons were holding the surrounding in check, or rather while a part of the griffons were shooting missiles like they were candy at the area where the <Dark King> was flying at to hold back (?) and dealt additional blow (?), Kouki was entrusting Moana to Koone. Even with the healing of her wound, she was still a step away from death most likely from using the heaven's blessing art, Moana was unable to even stand.



「Koone. Take care of Moana okay? I'm──going to end this.」



「……Yes, Kouki-sama. Koone will pray for your victory.」



Receiving Moana, Koone hugged her tightttttly while giving her words to Kouki with her expression filled with gentleness and kindness that Kouki had never seen before until now.



And then Moana was,



「Kouki」



Yes, she called Kouki's name and pulled at Kouki's collar. Kouki felt a soft sensation on his lips. It was a happening that happened only for a moment.



Kouki was taken aback. Moana narrowed her gaze lovingly at such Kouki and,



「I'll wait, right here.」



Kouki smiled softly, then he made a small nod before standing up.



At the same time, the griffons stopped attacking. And then, they skillfully moved their wing and sharply pointed with 『Kue!』 cry. It was as though they were giving him a thumb up while saying 『We have bought you time yeah. Do whatever you want now!』.



Inside his heart Kouki was thinking 「These guys are really just golem right? There is no strange soul entering inside them right?」 while shaking his head unable to say anything anymore.



「Can I ask you guys to guard them and back up the other places?」



He tried asking them that.



The griffons made a somewhat irritating gesture with skillful movement of their wings as though to say 『Good grief this kid』 before they flew away with only three staying behind to guard Moana and others. Kouki thought that these guys were exactly just like their owner.



*DON-* Dust cloud spurted up, at the same time a spiral of dark miasma pierced to the sky. The thickness of the miasma covering the capital increased. The <Dark King> seemed to be trying to strengthen his territory further.



The <Dark King> scattered so much miasma with what seemed to be an inexhaustible supply. He made his right arm to be clad in miasma. And then, his arm that should have been cleaved away regenerated instantly.



In addition, a huge sword took shape at the end of that hand. It was an ominous large sword that looked as though it was the anger of the <Dark King> taking shape.



The thickness of the miasma was increasing second by second, turning into thickness that ought to be called as thick fog. If it was inside this territory, if the <Dark King> could make weapon anywhere he liked here just like before, that it seemed that the whole capital had been taken hostage.



To prove that, the <Dark King> was going to create countless spear behind Kouki──at the place where Moana and others were at──



「I'm not going to hold back. I won't let you touch them. Here I go──<Limit Break - Supreme Destruction>」



*GOU-* Pure white light pierced the sky. The pillar of light drew spiral trajectory that instantly blew away the surrounding miasma.



『What?』



An agitated voice leaked out for the first time from the <Dark King>. The pure white torrent that pierced the sky instantly exterminated the miasma at the back, overwriting the territory of the <Dark King> into the territory of human.



『You bastard-. The like of Faltina's servant is powerful to this degree-』



Even more miasma spurted out from the <Dark King>.



Gigantic darkness approached to swallow everything.



The pure white light that increased further in radiance prevented that.



That scene was like the clash between two giant sandstorms of black and white. If it was seen from afar, it might even looked like the sky had been split.



It was the contest between darkness and light. Everyone forgot that this place was a battlefield from gazing at that sight that seemed to come from legend.



The fact that he was unable to take back the territory no matter how much miasma he scattered caused the <Dark King> to ask with an angry voice as though to reject the reality.



『You bastard-, just what the hell are you!?』



From the reports that he heard until now, he thought that the one who hindered him was a warrior that was bestowed with Faltina's divine protection. If that was the case, then even if that warrior was more or less strong, but in the end he would be nothing but a warrior that obtained the cooperation of the incarnation of the blessing power, such being wouldn't be his match who was able to erode blessing power.



And yet, the situation was like this.



What was this light?



It was a power he had never felt before, different from blessing power. A pure white light that was tremendous, vast, and was even somewhat divine. There was a pressure as though his existence was going to get crushed and overwritten just from looking at it.



Kouki who was being looked at as though he was someone that shouldn't be existing ruminated the question of the <Dark King> inside his mind.



What was he?



The answer, was recorded on his status plate since a long time ago.



He thought of the question for the first time when he arrived in this world. What was the meaning of "that", he wondered.



If it meant to be someone who possessed courage, then everyone in this world was like that. Even the people of Tortus, even his classmate comrades, everyone was like that.



He didn't understand the truth.



But surely, yes surely……



"That" must be referring to someone that couldn't choose the few.



It must be referring to a person who left behind their important person for the sake of the many.



Someone with a difficult personality, who kept taking detour, unable to discard the ideal, and yet when the time came he would make the choice, and then grieved and writhed as they pleased……



It must be referring to such stupid idiot.



(This time where I'm saved by the demon king and can choose the few, is surely something like a miracle.)



Inside his heart Kouki was exasperated at himself thinking 「I got no face to introduce myself like that」, however, Kouki looked straight at the <Dark King>.



Toward the <Dark King> who looked slightly faltering,



「You are asking me what I am──」



'Fine then', he thought.



Although, he actually didn't understand what kind of person "that" referred to.



If by introducing himself as "that", he would be able to support someone, he would be able to save someone's heart.



'Aa, that's fine.



I'll introduce myself like that.



After all if it's resolve, I've already made it.



Now, listen.



I am──



「Amanogawa Kouki────a hero.」



AN: Thank you very much for reading every time.



Thank you very much too for the thoughts, opinions, and reports about misspelling and omitted words.



Next time, last chapter of Kouki arc.



Actually I also wanted to write the another world arc of Hajime and Kouki, but this story became long more than expected, no, in a sense it was just as expected, so I'm thinking that I'll write it at another chance.



And so, for now, Kouki arc will be only until next week.



Also, terribly sorry for those who looked forward to it every week but…



After Kouki arc ended, I'm thinking of wanting to rest throughout the whole September, until around mid-October.



I'm busy with various things like revising for publication and so on, doesn't feel like I have any leeway.



But, I still have tale that I want to write, so I promise I will start again.



It will make me happy if you can wait patiently.



Please take care of Arifureta from here on too.





Chapter 280




「Amanogawa Kouki────a hero.」



Hearing Kouki's declaration, the <Dark King> let out a dubious voice.



『A hero, you said?』



It was likely that he was demanding for a word that could substantiate Kouki's strength more specifically.



'I guess that's too abstract huh', Kouki smiled wryly inside his heart while asking back in return this time.



「<Dark King>. Human and <Dark Being>, won't you help me looking for a way where both sides can coexist?」



『What?』



Bafflement──that wasn't it. The emotion that was filling that voice was as expected……ridicule.



『In this end of the war, where I'm about to get my hand on my longstanding desire, and you are asking me to discard it? Hah』



Out of the question, was what he conveyed. But, Kouki continued his words without faltering.



「You're only about to get your hand on your desire, but you won't be able to obtain it for real.」



『……Hou. Why do you think so?』



「Because I'm here.」



This time it was wrath. A terrific wrath was emitted from the <Dark King>. He thought that Kouki was telling him that the <Dark King> couldn't win against the <hero>, that he was inferior than him.



『Are you mocking me?』



「No. It's my determination.」



The words that replied back concisely contained a clearness that couldn't be ignored.



The <Dark King> looked up to the sky. His miasma was completely blocked by the torrent of light. It was the proof that the being confronting him right now was a being that possessed extraordinary strength.



There was a still silence. The <Dark King>'s answer was──



「──!!」



A thunderous sound resounded.



That was the sound of clash played by the sheathed holy sword that Kouki lifted up with both hands clashing against the large sword that was swung down vertically. The attack was a powerful one that caused a hallucination as though the ground was split.



『Hou, that's really something.』



The voice came from the back. At the same time a giant jaw assaulted from left and right!



Kouki immediately tried to jump forward to escape from the unknown, but he saw black beasts assaulted him from all directions simultaneously.



Kouki immediately created multiple barriers using <Heaven Severance> to block while continuing his question. It was the same question that he once asked Ragal.



「Why? Why won't you take a path where everyone can survive!? If your race can survive by other way, then there should be no need for human to be livestock! It's fine even if it's only mutual non-interference with each other! Just what meaning there is in a world where both sides are merely continuing to kill each other!?」



『──』



The <Dark King> didn't reply. But, it could be seen how the red eyes peeking out from behind his helm's slit warped in mockery. He was really not seeing any worth from Kouki's wish except as trash.



Kouki continued to argue vehemently even while gritting his teeth.



「There will be spark of hatred remaining for sure if you turn human into livestock. Discord will occur without fail if you rule through fear. If mankind rebel once more in the future, a lot of <Dark Beings> might die. A lot of lives will be scattered if a war occur! You are their king aren't you!? Aren't you thinking to look for a path where no sacrifice will result for the sake of the future, for the sake of your compatriots!?」



The <Dark King> seemed to be able to teleport in short range even when he wasn't in the territory of miasma. Surprise attacks came one after another. It was truly a storm of great sword. And then, every single attack possessed terrific might. If it was an average soldier then they would get cut down without even noticing it, or even if they could defend there was no doubt they would still get cut down along with their defense.



In fact, he was barely blocking the attacks by placing <Heaven Severance> at his blind spots, but small wounds from unavoidable attacks that cut through those <Heaven Severance> were increasing continuously.



In addition, the countless beasts that suddenly appeared from empty air became numerous murderous weapons. They used miasma to explode or became blades that constantly attacked from his blind spot.



There was no opening to perform defense to all directions using <Heaven Severance>.



Kouki used <Heaven Severance> and <Light Halo> to hold back the beasts, and used <Light Blade> and < Light Explosion> to forcefully take some distance. Only then he was barely able to evade or block everything.



The <Dark King> was responding with ridiculing laugh as expected toward Kouki's desperate words.



『Not at all.』



Kouki's expression distorted in grief.



「Why, how could……」



『War? The bigger the better. Strife itself is something like a delicious food. What meaning is there in a life where there isn't even one entertainment?』



「Enter, tainment?」



Kouki's expression changed slightly. His desperation thinned down and his expression was turning vaguely calm.



『Conflict, rule, the livestock's rebellion, they are side show. All of those are indispensable "entertainment" for living don't you think?』



Kouki understood. Completely. About the nature of the race called <Dark Being>. He understood for sure this time.



So to speak they were the same like a species of migratory fish that would die if they didn't continue to swim. Conflict was exactly their motivation for living. They couldn't help but fight. They couldn't help but conquer. They would invade until the ends of earth if it was for the sake of that. They would scatter the spark of hatred themselves.



If was the way of living for survival, and at the same time it was also something to fill their heart.



Evil──it would be easy if <Dark Being> could just be labeled like that.



But it was if from the viewpoint of Kouki, no, from the view point of the great majority of human.



But, from the viewpoint of the <Dark Being>, perhaps it was Kouki's insistence for coexistence that was exactly an evil that was trampling on their nature.



Their viewpoint was decisively too different.



『Are you finished with your questions? Then let's end this. You have allowed me to enjoy this somewhat, but even that torrent of light won't match the strength that I have continued to stock for this whole five years.』



The air shook greatly. Raging miasma converged behind the <Dark King> with fierce momentum.



『Power is everything in this world. The strong rule everything. I'll teach your body the meaning of kingship.』



The miasma formed shape. The darkness colored miasma was forming into a giant that was about fifty meter tall from the ground. Arms were formed, a head was formed, a great sword was formed, and then the whole body was covered with armor. It was truly the avatar of <Dark King>. The figure of the strongest king that wouldn't perish as long as miasma existed was there.



『How about you create your barrier of light? You almost died protecting a town of the livestock using that didn't you?』



In respond Kouki closed his eyes slightly. He wrapped his body in silence and the tranquility of a clear spring resided in his eyes.



Once more, he chose.



He imagined along with his resolve. Once, he escaped from reality, and at the end of it he was bestowed with that form of strength. Since that time, no matter how many times he attempted it he was always unable to do it anymore──if it was now he would be able to do it. With such conviction he declared.



「No, there is no need. I'll defeat you and end this──<Heaven's Might - Light Dragon>」



A calm voice resounded.



But, the occurring phenomenon right after it was something tremendous and grand.



A gigantic torrent of light converged behind Kouki. It formed a shape in the blink of eye──what appeared was the form of radiantly shining dragon with size that rivaled even the miasma giant.



『You, how far you are going to──』



「……Because you are a king, I had to ask. I wanted to hear, the words of the king of <Dark Beings>. I thought that perhaps, there still might be other different path. I didn't want to discard that possibility. However, I had heard your answer. The time had come. That's why──I won't let you do anything anymore. I won't let you.」



『Tsu, don't look down on me-』



The miasma giant swung down its great sword. The air screamed from its overwhelming pressure.



But,



「──<Breath>」



Instantly the world was dyed white.



The light dragon's breath blew away anything and everything. It wasn't at the level like the air was screaming anymore. It was a might that annihilated the air. That was truly the manifestation of heaven's might. The very light of ruination itself.



The giant's great sword was instantly vaporized. The body's upper half that was hit by the breath showed that it was enduring. But, that too was only for a moment. The body's upper half was erased as though it was gouged up.



The breath that stabbed at the ground far away caused a localized earthquake. Just its after wave blew away the warriors of <Dark Being> without them being able to stand their ground.



But even amidst of that, just as expected, although one of his trump card was easily annihilated, the <Dark King> repressed his turmoil and teleported behind Kouki in order to take advantage of Kouki's stiffening post using the technique.



A sound like the clear ring of a bell rang out.



『──tsu. You bastard!』



「……」



Even though he should have taken the enemy by surprise from a blind spot, when he noticed his hand that was holding the great sword was cut away and sent flying.



(When was it slashed? No, was it just a coincidence?)



The <Dark King> teleported again and took some distance while pondering about the attack just now. It was a method of defense that was different from the beginning of battle where Kouki was obviously defending using his instinct or deploying barrier at his blind spots beforehand. This time he was intercepted with pin point accuracy……



He made dark beasts attacked from Kouki's blind spot also with the intention of observation.



──The head of the dark beasts were already lobbed off when he noticed.



He regenerated his arm and large sword while attacking with line of spears from all directions.



──Kouki deflected only a few spears and evaded everything by moving only a step.



He teleported to a blind spot. He swung his great sword horizontally.



──*shan* Such clear sound rang. At the same time the trajectory of his great sword was averted, and when he noticed his body was already slashed diagonally.



Different from before, these sword attacks were calm. He was unable to perceive the process for even once. He could see how dreadful the skill behind these attacks. And yet, he didn't feel anything from the person himself. Whether it was killing intent, or fighting spirit, or hatred, nothing……



『You-, just what the hell are you doing!?』



The <Dark King> finally couldn't hide his turmoil and shouted.



At the same time, as though to say that if he was slashed if he approached, then he would just pulverize everything altogether, he reformed his miasma giant and ordered it to punch down.



──It was blown away by the giant light dragon.



Even when he attacked from the blind spot, everything was slashed off. While area attack was annihilated by the giant dragon standing by behind the enemy.



『Then I'll use number! I'll crush you with number!』



The <Dark King> created a hundred miasma warriors that resembled bull head species with height of three meter in one breath. He formed them in a way that surrounded Kouki and made them charge. If the opponent was the soldiers of the kingdom, they would be easily blown away even if they hardened their defense with twice the number. This was a charge of monsters that allowed gruesome trampling with their rush momentum and physical strength.



Kouki swayed relaxedly, and two heads flew.



The moment the <Dark King> perceived that, three more heads already danced in the air.



No matter how powerful the miasma warrior he created──they were cut.



Some rushed ahead using their comrade as shield. They were cut altogether.



Some was covered wholly with armor. They were cut together with their armor.



Some swung down their large sword. They were cut together with their large sword.



Cut. Cut. Cut. Cut. Cut. Cut. Cut. Cut. Cut. Cut. Cut. Cut. Cut. Cut. Cut. Cut. Cut. Cut. Cut. Cut. Cut. Cut. Cut. Cut.



There was no room for resistance, the miasma warriors who weren't supposed to even feel pain were cut away without even feeling it at all. Everything was with one attack. There wasn't even the sound of cutting wind when the sword was swung.



And then, the smoothly flowing movement was approaching to where the <Dark King> was little by little. The miasma warriors were cut away with easiness as though an afterthought while strolling casually.



『Tsu, what's this? You bastard, what's with your gaze!?』



No one would believe it. Within that <Dark King>'s voice, there was a definite "flinch" filling it.



What he was fearing wasn't how everything he was doing was getting cut down. It also wasn't how his trump card the miasma giant was being completely helpless from the breath and the storm of light bullets that were like meteor shower unleashed by the giant light dragon.



It was those eyes.



There was no hostility in them. No killing intent. No hatred. No desperation. No fighting spirit. No emotion. Most things that could be called will couldn't be found there at all.



Those eyes were tranquil like a spring sleeping deep inside an untrodden and unexplored region.



It looked like he was looking somewhere, but it was also as if he wasn't looking anywhere.



Within those slightly opened eyelids there was only tranquility.



At the end after stepping foot into his territory, there was only one result waiting after going through all the process.



That was──being cut.



The moment he drew out his katana couldn't be seen. The trajectory of the sword couldn't be seen. Everything was already over without anything that could be seen.



It was the furthest land of sword skill that Moana and others witnessed at that day.



──The last derivation of skill 【Sword Art】 【Will Possessing Pure Mind】(TN: In the raw it's Munen Yuusou, munen=free from obstructive thoughts, yuusou=possessing will. Please tell me if you have idea for better name. I'm stuck)



With feeling inside the heart, one swung the sword in the state of complete trance. Because it was in a state of nothingness, the process of the sword being swung was remarkably difficult to perceive.



If one didn't have omnipresent consciousness that could notice the sway of the grass below even while crossing sword in a battlefield, this sword strike would be extremely difficult to be evaded with how very naturally it was done.



It was one of the summits of being a swordsman that Kouki obtained in the end of his continuous battle that was driven with only a single thought of "I have to protect" even while he wasn't conscious.



Against this abnormal opponent that was responding against his attack while giving him no impression at all, the <Dark King> finally ordered the <Dark Beings> at the surrounding to attack.



『All of you-, don't just stand there! Kill him!』



『──-, yes-』



For a moment, the <Dark Beings> made an expression that was filled with faint suspicion of 'Is the king about to get defeated?' before they rushed Kouki.



But, the soldiers of the kingdom who were similarly continuing to watch the battle of the <Dark King> and the <Hero> wouldn't allow that.



「Don't let them interfere with Kouki-dono!」



「This is the critical moment! Fight with the intention of making this place your grave!」



The one that gave such order while rushing at the forefront was Spike and Lilin.



Spenser and Linden looked at each other for a moment seeing their children taking the initiative. They made an expression that seemed to want to say how the both of them had grown so old before heading out to reinforce Kouki while leading the surviving soldiers.



「E, errr. Death god-san! Please listen to Koone's wish! I hope you can attack violently at the crowd over there!」



「Eh? Koone? Death god-san?」



Even while Moana was looking surprised, the griffons seemed to say 『Kue! (Order acknowledged yeah, missy!)』 at Koone's request and they turned the enemies into meat scraps using missiles or small gatling gun that came out from under their belly.



Moana stared with her pupil turning into dot at the agonizing cries of the <Dark Beings>.



Then, at that time.



Silver light shined and rippled through all the other battlefields with the exception of the battlefield at the capital's front where Kouki and others were at. If Kouki didn't enter his trance state, then he would realize that it was the cheat healing that his one other childhood friend unleashed.



Wind of agitation ran through the battlefields. That was only natural. After all the people's wounds were healed in the blink of eye without caring of how heavy the wounds were or even how miasma had eroded inside, in addition their comrade in arms who should be died already snapped their eyes open and stood up.



The chaotic battlefield made it went unnoticed, but the revival was limited to those whose time of death was within half a day more or less……even so what was happening around them was nothing but a "miracle".



A miracle that was brought at the battlefield where the <Hero> was standing on.



The confusion immediately settled down and their fighting spirit rose with a terrific momentum. Their despair was swept away and a momentum to the degree that pushed back the <Dark Beings> at all battlefront was born.



『Again-, am I going to taste that humiliation again-』



The <Dark King> raised a voice of rage. Five years ago, he ate a painful retaliation just when it would only take a bit more to destroy his enemy. Because of that he was attacked many times by his compatriots who were thinking 「Perhaps I can become king if it's now?」.



Perhaps they could win.



That was the greatest humiliation for the <Dark King> that other could think so about him. He was the strongest, the king that possessed the ultimate strength. Those who doubted that and also those who caused such doubt couldn't be allowed to live no matter what.



That was why, he endured the humiliation, crushed the attack of his compatriots, saved his strength determinedly, and he even created a new skill, biding his time before marching with his army, and yet…



『Even if I have to retreat this time, I'll at least kill you betting my title as king!』



The miasma giant dispersed. Just when it looked like that, the miasma converged into the <Dark King>. It was just like when Kouki was going to unleash <Heaven's Might>.



「I accept the challenge. I'll end you who are unable to choose living with various race.」



The giant light dragon converged into the holy sword.



『You hope of the livestock. Perish!』



What was unleashed was a darkness colored bombardment.



Facing against that was naturally,



「This is my choice──<Heaven's Might>!!」



A pure white bombardment. That attack that was unleashed with Limit Break state boasted a scale and might that was easily several times the one he unleashed in Arquette. It was pure destruction.



The dark and light bombardments that clashed in the middle blew away the surrounding thoroughly with terrific impact. A crater was created at the desert land.



The two bombardments looked like they were equal, but that too was only for a few seconds.



The holy sword shined even brighter.



And then──



The light of destruction swallowed the darkness and went straight ahead.



『Impossib──』



The air rumbled, the world was dyed pure white, the sound vanished. Kouki felt like he heard that word inside such world.



Before long, the light of Heaven's Might thinned down and vanished as though it was melting into the air.



There was nothing left behind.



Silence visited the battlefield.



In a brief time, the <Dark Beings> whose number had been reduced considerably, and also the soldiers who were riddled with wounds, everyone was watching the spot where the <Dark King> was at.



Kouki's shoulders were heaving with heavy breath. He wasn't clad in light anymore. Actually he was forcefully activating <Limit Break - Supreme Break> continuously using <War Demon>, so his body was considerably burdened. Honestly speaking, he was gravely exhausted that it felt like he was going to faint anytime now.



But, he didn't allow his expression to show such thing. Kouki scolded himself──



He slowly lifted up the holy sword above his head.



Even without words, it was still the most eloquent victory declaration there was. It was the prove that the strongest <Dark Being> in history──the <Dark King> was defeated.



A beat later.



Intense cheers spread through the battlefield.



After that, the morale of the <Dark Beings> declined with the <Dark King>'s defeat, furthermore after witnessing the absurdity of the soldiers who should have died already coming back to life, even the <Dark Beings> who loved conflict and domination chose to retreat as expected.



And yet, the soldiers with Lilin in the lead went to pursue them with amazing vigor and morale, in the end just how many of them could escape……



At any rate, it could be imagined that it would be less than several thousand, it was a catastrophic state if looking back how it was an army of seventy thousand at first. Surely they wouldn't be able to make any move for a while.



Kouki who was desperately staying awake for the sake of his ally's morale also secretly consumed a magic medicine from the Grim Reaper's stock and now he was recovering bit by bit somehow.



Even so, it looked like it would take a while before he was recovered to the degree where he could immediately fight. The use of <Limit Break - Supreme Break> and <Limit Break - War Demon> in conjunction forced a harsh burden on him that it actually wouldn't be strange even if he dropped dead right after.



Kouki slowly sheathed his sword and let out a long sigh.



And then, he scolded his staggering body while turning around.



At that moment,



「Kouki-sama!」



「Gofuh!?」



A flying brutal small headbutt exploded on his solar plexus. The body Kouki who was relatively at his limit doubled over and then he collapsed down as though he was pushed down.



Koone tilted her head going 「Eh?」. She thought that Kouki would catch her, but unexpectedly Kouki was easily brought down.



「O, oi! Koone! It's obvious that Kouki is tired if you look carefully!」



「So, sorry, Kouki-sama!」



Moana who approached with Spenser's support dropped down her fist *poka-* on Koone. Koone who came back to her senses from that fist hurriedly get down from straddling Kouki. She then moved to his side and looked at him worriedly.



Moana also sat down at Kouki's side.



「Kouki……」



「Aa, Moana.」



Both of them stared still at each other. Moana was praising him with a unfathomable smile that looked as though she was going to cry, worried, loving, and happy. The tears gathering at the corners of her eyes were falling down drop by drop.



「You are, really okay aren't you?」



「You didn't believe in me?」



Kouki spoke jokingly while laying down still. Moana shook her head at such Kouki.



「I believed. But, I doubted a little whether inside the "okay" that you said you included yourself properly.」



「……It has no credence what's with my previous offense huh.」



「Fufu. ……The rear territories are all right aren't they?」



「Yeah. Because some guys who are so disgustingly reliable took over for me, those places are absolutely all right.」



Moana guessed it when she heard those words that Kouki said with wry smile.



「Your pick up……has arrived then?」



「……yeah.」



「You're going home?」



「I, guess.」



Moana's expression strained. However, she didn't say anything to make him stay, she only slowly grasped Kouki's hand tightly, as though enduring her gratitude and her feeling that were overflowing from inside.



Kouki also closed his mouth. The parting, felt really regrettable. To the degree that he couldn't express it with word.



He wanted to watch over this world's future for a bit more. If possible he wanted to lend his help until the problem with <Dark Being> was resolved. He also had such feeling, but right now he was only thinking that he didn't want to let go of the hand of the slightly older woman before him.



However, the matter of going home completely depended on "that guy". That guy came here to pick him up, and he even already gave him his cooperation, and the matter was more or less settled, however because he still wasn't satisfied, so came again later to pick him up when he finished his business……there was no way Kouki could ask for such convenience. If he was going to stay behind longer than this, then he would need a resolve to stay in this world for his whole life.



He had family, friends, comrades, and also things left undone in Tortus.



It was a really difficult choice. He couldn't answer easily. That was why Kouki naturally closed his mouth. While grasping back at Moana's hand.



The queen and the hero was staring at each other wholeheartedly from really close distance, their hand grasping each other's hand.



……It was really picture perfect.



If the matter about the place being a battlefield welcoming its end was excluded.



「……Onee-chan, and also Kouki-sama, do the two of you forget that Koone and others are here?」



「「Hah!?」」



The two released each other's hand in a flash and took a bit of distance. Koone's eyes were staring still.



Spenser was watching over them with a really complicated expression. Linden who had arrived at their side unnoticed, Donar whose life seemed to retain his life from that healing light, and then the soldiers were making bright expression that was looking on smilingly and joyously.



Kouki's gaze was wandering around from the rapidly increasing embarrassment he was feeling. Spenser and others conveyed their praise and gratitude from their mouth to him. Loud cheers resounded from throughout the capital. There was a lot of words praising Kouki inside the far away voice too.



Kouki was feeling shaken at the interstice between his feeling that wanted to go home and his feeling that wanted to stay.



Seeing such Kouki, Moana was also feeling shaken between her loneliness and her wish of seeing off Kouki with a smile after thanking him representing the whole country.



In the end, the two of them kept stealing glances at each other with complicated feeling while at loss for words.



「Haa~~~~~」



Koone was sighing loudly amidst such atmosphere.



「Aa, geez. If Onee-chan loves Kouki-sama that much, then Onee-chan can just go together with him. Kouki-sama too, you have done enough already, so it's fine for you to take Onee-chan with you and go home. Seeing the two of you keep fidgeting and fidgeting and fidgeting make us feel embarrassed here. The two of you aren't some brat in puberty anyway!」



'Little girl shouldn't say that', no such retort came.



Moana's cheeks reddened and she objected in a hurry.



「Eh, ah, no, Koone-tan? Look here, Onee-chan is the queen, so──」



「The war is over. From here on it's Koone's era! Someone like her majesty who is just a step from dying is fired!」



The objection was suppressed decisively.



Certainly, skirmish between the two sides would still continue from here on, but large scale battle wouldn't occur anymore. In the recovering world postwar, rather than Moana who not only used up her strength and unable to walk by her own strength, but even her life span was uncertain, it was obvious that it would be better for Koone to take the throne just as planned.



Above all else, Koone wanted Moana who was already that ragged to at least spent her remaining life for her own sake.



Moana who was told that she was fired was shocked 「Ko, Koone-tan is in rebellious age……」 and she hung her head down.



Kouki who was unable to watch quietly spoke out hesitatingly.



「Bu, but see, Koone. The method to cross over world, is only possible by asking that guy. That guy is fundamentally a fiendish and inhuman guy, that's why perhaps after I crossed world with Moana, it will be your last meeting with Moana in this life──」



「Your repetitive prattling is noisy. Indeed, that person is truly a brutish and scary person, but Kouki-sama isn't a person who will give up just because of "maybe" right? Koone won't say something like come visit here frequently. It's enough if we someday, we can meet again even if it's only once. Until that time, Koone will surely return this world into its former state that is abundant with nature!」



From nearby 「Aa?」 such dangerous voice, and voices like「Don't! Hold back Hajime-kun here!」 or 「Hajime, please read the atmosphere!」 resounded faintly, but no one noticed.



Kouki's eyes opened wide at Koone's speech and her tremendous faith on him.



「What's with that look? It's vexing. Koone protest, that it's vexing! ……Even like this, Koone dearly love you just as much as Koone love Onee-sama you know, Kouki-sama?」



For Koone who said that she was leaning toward her big sister when weighing her against the world, those words showed the best just how much fait she had to him.



……Kouki felt like she heard Moana whispering 「Koone-tan? It feels like you're making a woman's face somehow……that's just Onee-chan's imagination right?」 with a slightly flustered expression, and voices like 「……Kouki-kun, is lolicon?」 or 「Kouki. Am I gonna have to punch him again? With just Nagumo being lolicon──bubeh!?」 accompanied with crashing sound from nearby, but Kouki ignored it.



Koone took the hand of Moana and Kouki that separated from each other and connected them again. She then corrected her sitting posture before she opened her mouth with a shockingly gentle expression.



「Your majesty Moana. I thank you from the bottom of my heart for staking your life to guide us since that day. This Koone de Shelt Synclea will take over for the future from here on. Please take care of your health with peace of mind.」



「Koone……」



Moana opened her eyes wide. Behind Koone, the soldiers including Spenser, Donar, and Linden were lining up. They respectfully kneeled in unison. Their stance was filled with their gratitude, and their wish for her to rest because it was enough already.



Moana's let out tears falling through her cheeks once more. Her various feelings until now became an immense heat that overflowed out.



With a gaze that already emitted an atmosphere as queen, this time Koone turned at Kouki.



「Hero-sama. As the representative of mankind, I express you our deep thanks. The grand exploit that you accomplish, it will surely be carved deeply into the annal of history along with our respect and gratitude. The path to the future that you grant us, we swear that we will make it into something glorious. Please I beg you, move forward through the path you desire without worry.」



「……You keep on surprising me since from the beginning huh.」



The path to the future could be seen. The despair was cleared away. For the rest they would do their best by their own, so Kouki didn't need to abandon his precious people for the sake of this world. Hearing those words of Koone that was telling him so, Kouki looked up to the sky with a giving up expression.



And then, he grasped Moana's hand tightly. Moana twitched for a moment, but after she closed her eyes for a bit, she grasped back at Kouki's hand still with a crying face.



「And? Looks like you guys finished talking already but, is it all right that you are taking along that woman too?」



「Uoh!?」



「Hoa!?」



「Hiih, he came out!?」



The presence and voice that suddenly appeared right beside Kouki and Moana caused the two to harmoniously hugged each other, and then Koone who turned into queen mode rolled backward while her twintail went wild.



「Na, Nagumo! Since when you are there!?」



「Around the time you ate that brat's headbutt and fell down I guess. By the way, everyone is here too.」



Hajime snapped his finger while saying that. Right away, the barrier of camouflage from Pencil Cross Velt was dispelled and Yue, Shia, Tio, Kaori, Shizuku, Ryutaro, and Suzu's figures showed up.



「We divided the rear between us and took care of it. Be really grateful until you die.」



「Ye, yeah. Thank you. I'm seriously grateful for that.」



Kouki lowered his head with a soft smile not to just Hajime, but to all the other members who also cooperated. Moana and others sent Kouki a question with their gaze.



「Kouki, these people……」



「Yes, I'll introduce them. They are the people coming to pick me up……my friends from my original world.」



There was a bit of pause because he was hesitating whether it was okay for him to call Hajime that. However, it would be too complicated in various things if he talked about their relation accurately, so he put Hajime in friend grouping while averting his gaze a bit.



Hajime grinned.



「Nice to meet you, I'm Nagumo Hajime, the one who is fundamentally fiendish and inhuman according to hero-kun's introduction. If you like, you can also think of me as a brutish and scary person too.」



At the same time, the returning griffons were neighing while circling around above Hajime's head. His appearance was awfully demon king-like.



Koone went「Hiih, forgive me!!」 while casually hiding at a position that turned Kouki into a shield.



Kouki let out a dry laugh to divert from the topic. Shizuku, Kaori, Ryutaro, and Suzu dashed toward such Kouki.



「Uwaa, Kouki-kun. Your inside is worn out you know? You over there, err, Moana-sama, that's her name right? That person also feels a bit horrible, I'll regenerate the two of you okay?」



Kaori who at first rushed toward the two used age of god magic <Regeneration> to heal Kouki and Moana instantly. While she was at it she also healed the warriors like Linden who were injured with loss of body part.



Linden whose arm was restored the moment he was wrapped in light as though going through a video playback opened his eyes wide. Kouki already knew about Kaori's cheat-like effect of Kaori's regeneration magic, so he wasn't especially surprised. He could say「Thanks Kaori」 calmly, but Moana couldn't be like him.



「Wha, wha wha, wha!?」



Seeing Moana's shaken expression, the gaze of Spenser and others turned grave and caught Kaori with question 'Is she doing no good thing to Moana's body!?'.



But, before they could do anything, a change happened to Moana.



「Onee-chan……your hair……」



Yes, Moana's hair that lost its color was recovering its radiance that was really similar with Koone's hair. It seemed her hair coloring was a bit thinner than Koone, so perhaps it should be called as platinum blond.



Moana scooped up her own hair and stared at it while opening her mouth in a daze.



「……I feel, it. My strength returned……」



Saying that, she lifted Kouki's hand to her chest and offered a prayer. Right after that, Kouki was wrapped in faint platinum light. What Moana invoked without any difficulty or even any considerable burden was naturally the heaven's blessing art <Divine Protection>.



Putting aside the healing cheat who said「Something like this I think?」 with really light tone at the side, Shizuku and others started talking to Kouki.



「Kouki……」



「Shizuku……」



「Fufu. Looks like you had a nice encounter. I'm hardly recognizing you right now.」



「……Yeah. After all I won't have the face to look at my big sister if I keep being an unworthy little brother forever.」



Moana instantly recovered from her turmoil. And then she moved on to a new turmoil. 「Thi, this person is Kouki's big sister!? In other words, sister-in-law!?」



Looks like Shizuku got another younger stepsister in a different sense than the soul sisters.



「Yo, Kouki. I was seriously shocked when I heard that you got summoned again yeah? Well, no matter where you got sent to, in the end it looks like you are completely yourself huh. ……However, spare me from having a lolicon best friend yeah?」



「Geez, Ryu-kun! There is no way such thing can happen with Kouki-kun, don't say something like that!」



「Ryutaro, Suzu. ……Thank you for coming. But……"Ryu-kun"?」



The distance between the two was strangely close. And then the changed way of calling. Kouki looked on dubiously, but before he could receive an explanation, Hajime who was heading to take back the Grim Reapers that were landing simultaneously slightly some way away asked Kouki.



「So, what're you going to do? Going home, or not?」



「……」



Kouki stood up and he looked at Koone and others. Koone and also Spenser and co were saying「At least stay here until we can express our gratitude somehow」, they weren't telling him not to go home.



He looked at Moana.



「It appears that I'm just get dismissed from my duty. Following you back……might be fine I think?」



「……Yes. It's fine if Moana want it.」



Kouki nodded while nodding. He was doing his utmost to not pay attention at his childhood friends who were grinning at him and Yue and co who were unexpectedly watching with great interest while he headed toward Hajime.



Behind Hajime who had finished taking back the Grim Reapers into the Treasure Warehouse, Kouki was about to tell him about his intention of taking Moana back with him and also to ask something like 「If I ask you to open a gate to this world again, about how much it will cost me?」.



「Hey, Nagumo. Moana and──」



It was right at that moment.



Hajime noticed a strange presence and he turned around. At the same time, space whirled right above Kouki's head. It was like a black hole that instantly tried to capture and suck in Kouki!



「Do, don't tell me, this is……」



An intense power aimed at Kouki. Even though the sand below him wasn't getting sucked at all, yet the space vortex was fiercely shining while pulling insistently at Kouki as though saying 「Take care of the next world too pleaa~se!」.



Kouki looked at Hajime.



As expected Hajime who seemed to be surprised also looked at Kouki.



Hajime made a thumb up. Seeing that, Kouki was convinced that Hajime had the same thinking like him.



That was to say, 「This must be summoning……」 he thought.



The moment Kouki's feet floated lightly from the ground, various emotion exploded inside Kouki and he……



「N, no-, NO MOREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE──!!!」



"Will Possessing Pure Mind" as well as "Limit Break" activated! With a step method that was remarkably difficult to perceive as though slipping between the gap of consciousness, he leaped at Hajime.



「Wai-, yo──」



The hero and demon king floated to the air. Without pause the two floated to the sky like dusts that were sucked by vacuum cleaner.



「You bastard-, this son of a bitch! Let go of meee-, THIS SHITTY HEROOOOOOOOOO-」



「I'm not gonna let go of you no matter what-, DEMON KINGGGGGGG-」



They were vanishing amiably into the other side of the sky.



The people who were left behind, including even Yue and Shizuku who were usually always calm were staring blankly with their mouth gaping wide. And then they all simultaneously,



「「「「「Eee~~~~~~?」」」」」



They were raising a voice that seemed really want to say 「Something like that, is just not done in this kind of timing~」.



After that, because the Crystal Key was held by Hajime, Yue and others were waiting patiently at Synclea. Hajime returned to them about one week later.



And then, when they talked about what happened, they heard from Hajime how Kouki was going to save the world for a bit together with the goddess, furthermore Hajime said that it seemed the goddess was pleased with Kouki. Hearing that, the light vanished from Moana's eyes.



It went without saying that when Kouki returned, it became a bloodbath.



AN: Thank you very much for reading every time.



Thank you very much too for the thoughts, opinions, and reports about misspelling and omitted words.



With this Kouki's arc is temporarily over.



I'm thinking of someday writing the tag battle of demon king and hero too.



Now then, just like I previously mentioned, I will take a bit of rest.



I'm thinking that I'll restart writing again around the middle of October at the slowest, so please take care of [Arifureta] again at that time.



PS



Arifureta Nichijou's newest chapter is updated at Comic Galdo.



This time is interesting too! And then the illustration of Mori Misaki-sensei is cute.



You can go there through Overlap-sama's homepage, so please go take a look by all means.



PS 2



I pretty much was allowed to write one of Historia Garden (The side store of Garden series) but,



It's also made available to the public. You can go there from Overlap-sama's homepage.



Please read it if you're interested as a mean to kill some time.





Chapter 281




AN: It's character introduction.



This is a rare chance, so I consolidate it a bit.



I don't have time so it feels half-assed, pardon me.



<After I>



Hajime's mother. A famous shoujo mangaka who is a skillful user of numerous artifacts for housewife use. Her forte is party trick.



Hajime's father. He manages a game company. The originator who beaten up the otaku nature into Hajime.



The male juniors who got the terror of Hajime-senpai carved into them. One of them revealed with a loud voice at a certain fastfood restaurant that his preference was for widow or female teacher, he was put into the blacklist.



The people who were beaten up black and blue by Hajime. Every time something happened, they showed up their face at Hajime's place to give report.



The delinquent who was turned into scrap rag by Hajime. He found employment in a detective agency with Hajime's referral. He is doing work related with information broker. Idolized Hajime.



A girl high school student who is able to pierce smartphone with vegetable stick. Scheduled to be the second generation of the western restaurant 『Wisteria』. Hajime frequently came there for relaxing, so she is thought as a mistress by the surrounding. When she noticed she became magical girl.



Yuuka's father. The current manager of 『Wisteria』. He is worrying about his daughter's mistress trait while wishing that she would marry normally.



Yuuka's mother. A gentle person, but at the same time she is also a type of person who will drop a bomb of words unaware.



Kaori's father. He is really doting to the degree that he calls Kaori angel. Even while harboring gratitude that Hajime brought Kaori back home, he often pick up a fight with Hajime from his jealous feeling that his daughter is taken by a harem bastard. Each time Kaori got the Hannya out and then he would dogeza.



Kaori's mother. Possess a Stand of Yaksha. Super skilled cook. Generally Tomoichi will dogeza to her.



Kaori's cousin. A frank female college student who Kaori idolizes like her real big sister. In general she is a victim who often got caught between the father-daughter fight of Kaori and Tomoichi.



Shizuku's grandfather. The current head of Yaegashi-style. Other than sword he specialize in kusarigama(sickle and chain). He is generally going in offense.



Shizuku's father. A good looking middle aged man with scar on his cheek. He is generally going in offense.



Shizuku's mother. She made her entrance gracefully from the ceiling. She will serve poison with elegant smile.



They are ninja in general.



Aiko's mother. She has guessed the general picture.



Aiko's two parents and the grandparents from the mother side. The father was adopted into the family. Fruit farmer. The family is making a killing with Aiko Power.



102 years old. He is able to reproduce any kind of carving using cotton candy.



Aiko's childhood friend. He survives even after approaching Aiko.



The helper in Taniguchi house. Her selling point is hearty consolation. Created the mood-maker Suzu. (Her name overlapped with Sugahara Taeko, so author nonchalantly revised it)



Sakagami family's dog. Won't lose in feeling even against werewolf. His heart is always that of a wolf.



Consist of Ryutaro and two parents and an elder sister. The mother was frightened and then mostly fainted. The father was a hero who could face a werewolf with a bat. The big sis lost strength in her waist and mostly peed herself.



The neighbor of Sakagami family. Love fire extinguisher greatly.



Consist of Kouki and two parents and a little sister. The father was frightened and then mostly fainted. The mother was a hero who could face a werewolf with a kitchen knife. The little sister is a soul sister. Also she relatively peed herself.



<Myuu Arc>



Able to summon various kind of existences, and also with a unique innate characteristic to be liked as well. Inherited every fighting style and equipment from demon king family and is evolving toward superhuman rapidly.



※Possession in After Story



※Friends



The daughter of a high government official of USA. Nicknamed Nac-chan. Myuu devotee. Can launch golden right straight limited to people who harbor affection to Myuu.



Kidnapped blond haired young boy. As the result of boy meets girl, he barely thrust aside Hajime's memory manipulation and is trying to approach Myuu. In general he ate Natalia's golden right straight.



All of them are Myuu devotee.



USA President. So devoted to Valkyrie to the degree he got struck with the slap in the face from the first lady. The president of Valkyrie fanclub. Former commando.



George, Chris, Bacchus, Keyes, Neil, Hank. Devoted to Valkyrie. The upper echelons of Valkyrie fanclub with single digit membership number. Recently their enjoyment is having Valkyrie discussion with president.



Demon king worshipper. Tentatively a general in the army.



<Lord Abyssgate arc>



The scout of former hero party. Possess innate "thin shadow" that was unrelated with the another world summoning. Casually the mankind's strongest class.



After the decisive battle, he publicly get a rabbit eared big sis Rana (Inferina) Hauria as lover. His abyss mode was deepening mostly because of her fault.



After returning home, he is working hard aiming to enroll into a medical university in order to bring modern medical technology into Tortus……but, he is blazing through the underworld of earth because of demon king-sama's directive.



Can brag as the demon king's right hand despite acting relatively reluctant.



Blonde side tail + almond shaped eyes + peeing girl + charis○ guard + genius lab coat girl + easy heroine + tsukkomi attribute + loyal dog attribute, etc.



The young genius girl who is increasing her attributes day by day. Unintentionally created Berserk that change people into monster and got dragged into an incident that originated from Berserk.



Saved by "Kousuke", she easily fell for him.



Kousuke's second wife (?). Her newest objective is to cure Kousuke's abyss mode and Hauria's chuunibyou.



Although, the more she work hard, the more her popularity among Hauria clan as mascot increase.



Nicknamed Danessa. She is a skilled agent of security bureau, but an otaku to a degree that she remodeled her own residence chuunibyou style. She is mostly pouring chaos to her surrounding with her serious attitude. The self-proclaimed third wife of "Kousuke-san".



A professor at Percival University. He had raised a lot of excellent student until now that he was called as superior educator. Emily was also one of those students and he was also her benefactor.



However, he was deeply fixated with "great work that can leave behind history" and betrayed Emily.



A student of professor Down. The "senior" that Emily trusted the most. When Berserk rampaged inside the research building, he become bait to protect Lizzie and Emily and unable to go back home.



A student of professor Down. Someone with tsundere trait and held romantic feeling toward Hendricks, a "big sister" that Emily trusted the most. In Berserk incident, just like Hendricks she became bait in order to save Emily who was like an important little sister to her and she was temporarily missing then.



A student of professor Down. A mood maker with light hearted attitude. His relationship with Dennis was like a quarreling friend and it became a common sight in Down classroom how the tow of them were quarreling with each other. He died leaving behind the last words 「Live on properly okay」 to Emily.



A student of Down classroom. An intellectual and the most serious person. The quarreling friend of Rod. When he was changing into Berserker, he cut off his own life.



A student of Down classroom. A beautiful woman who can put her effort more into playing rather than research. She remodeled the doctor coat Emily was always wearing to make her have more interest to fashion. Emily's one other "big sister". She was killed by Sam who was infected with Berserk.



A student of Down classroom. A man with big built. After he got infected with Berserk, he died.



A student of Down classroom. The one among Down classroom's student who died the very first at the Berserk incident.



An agent of security bureau. An expert at army hand-to-hand fighting. He was Vanessa's coworker, but he betrayed his comrades in order to earn money with Berserk and aimed at Emily. He got hit with Vanessa's punch to the face (strengthened by Lord Abyss version) and got injured to the level where his face collapsed, after that her was infected with Berserk as the demonstration of the mastermind and died.



The chief of Britain national security bureau. A woman past her middle aged. A coolheaded pragmatist that possessed both good and evil within. An iron woman who is married with Britain, a living legend who is even called as the cornerstone of Britain's protection.



However, in front of Myuu she is "Sharon-obaachan", She is terribly dere then.



An agent of security bureau's not existing "JD Agency". His code name is K. A virtuoso hitman. Normally he is a joker, an uninteresting analyst who is always complaining. He is always looking for encounter with girl. Recently it seems he is a getting a bit of good vibe from "Aby-san's girl friend" that he got acquainted with in a certain case.



The commander of security bureau's special assault force. He raised death flag as easy as breathing, however, for some reason he was helped with good luck, a person who is loved by the death god and goddess of fortune at the same time. He called Kousuke as Aby friendlily. He have a six year old daughter.



The director of Gamma Pharmacy, and a top brass of a secret cult society Hydra. One of the masterminds of Berserk incident. In order to remake Hydra from a cult society into an influential society that exert its influence to the surface world from the dark and then stand on the society's top, he caused the Berserk incident. A type of person who can call himself name like Odin and so on.



Currently he is a splendid villager.



The leader of secret cult society Hydra. At the surface he is the real estate king of Britain and an authority at political world.



Currently a splendid villager. His popularity is rising drastically and someday might become the prime minister……



A mercenary group leader who would do anything as long as she received money. Hired by Kaysis, he worked as the one in charge of the research place's security and the guard of professor Down. A tough soldier who once survived tangling with an agent of "JD Agency". Cornered by Allen, he injected a refined version Berserk into himself and died later.



A rabbit eared big sis from a clan of rabbit people tribe, Hauria clan (big breasted beauty). Moved by the fierce approach of Kousuke, she tried forcing unreasonable demands that would make even princess Kaguya went pale. And yet Kousuke cleared them all and she accepted him as lover. Although, she is planning for Kousuke who is the right hand of the demon king to have seven wives. She is calling Kousuke "Kou-kun".



Every single time Kousuke acted rash, reckless, and impulsive, generally it was this girl's fault.



A former unlawful employee of Gamma Pharmacy who was working the dirty work. He was awakened to salmon sandwich because of Kousuke. Currently he is managing a restaurant that specialized in salmon sandwich, and also acting as information broker by making use of his connection with the underworld.



The former employee of the restaurant where Woody awakened to salmon sandwich. She was fired because she was loudly declaring that 「Our salmon sandwich isn't that delicious」. When she came into Woody's restaurant by chance, she was awakened to salmon sandwich. Currently she is doing missionary work for salmon sandwich at Woody's place.



<Liliana arc>



Liliana's exclusive attendant. Actually she was selected by demon king-sama and then given special training Hauria style, now she was the leader of the combat maid group──Fleur Knights. She could take on one battalion of knight order right from the front alone.



There was also a princess who is envious of the relationship between the demon king and her because they are more like a master and servant than the princess with her. Her real name was sealed.



The representative of a security company that specialized in celebrity. God of the otagei(fans cheering at concert) world. His video of doing otagei with stylish move and black suits was creating a stir, making him more of a celebrity than the real celebrity. His dream was having a shotgun wedding with and idol someday but there was still no sign of it coming true.



The number two of a security company that specialized in celebrity. Similarly he is also a god of otagei world. Recently he was attempting the expansion of the business thinking 「If Japan is no good it's foreign idol then」.



The friend of Liliana's heart.



The woman who is serving as Liliana's secretary in earth. She is actually Heliotrope-san in disguise.



<Tio arc>



Habitual repeater of out of body experience.



The queen of dragon country Avenst. Her country was stolen when she was a baby, since then she was doing air pirate imitation at the country above ship Avenst. She retook her country with the cooperation of Hajime and Tio, and now she is waiting for the visit of Hajime and Tio along with battleship Avenst that was turned into an extravagant passenger boat. A lecher with quiet exterior.



A silver little dragon. The last king of the dragon race and Roze's partner. Can manipulate extreme light. Idolize Tio as mother.



Roze's loyal butler. Formerly a royal guard but his current retired self was stronger than before. Can dodge bullet normally. Or deflected it with a tray. Can overwhelm a fully armed squad with only tableware and martial art.



The captain of Roze's royal guard. The direct pupil of Sabas. A beauty with semi long blond hair.



The vice captain of Roze's royal guard. Olga's little brother. Stronger than Olga in bare handed fight.



Avenst's captain.



The captain of flying warship Rozeria.



The captain of flying warship Averia.



The king of sky divine country Qwailent. A former air pirate and the man that usurped dragon kingdom Avenst. Went poof from breath attack.



The high official of sky divine country Qwailent. He was entrusted to take charge during Gregor's absence, but Sabas talked to him and he cooperated gladly. It seemed that later on he got terribly scared of the living being called a butler.



Former sky battlecraft pilot of sky divine country Qwailent. A trauma was planted thoroughly into him by the demon king-sama, and in the end he was tortured by his comrade under the name of questioning, he went full circle and became an amazingly courageous sky battlecraft pilot. Currently a pious dragon believer. Although for some reason dragons wouldn't get near him because he felt unpleasant.



One of the king dragons that guarded the dragon kingdom in the past. The big brother of Kuwaibel. He despaired with human and lost his sanity from losing his family, turning into an evil dragon. He filled the world with corrosion rain and polluted the ground. He picked a fight with the demon king and went poof.



Royal guard members. Absurdly gutsy.



<Shizuku arc>



If you saw one in the open, that means there are thirty that you haven't seen. One of the step sisters(soul sisters). Have innate characteristics of meeting trouble. A mysterious girl who can have adventure in the modern day Japan in the same level like adventurer in Tortus. Twintail. Raise the flag of revolt to overthrow Hajime, but generally she got tormented affectionately where in the end she will run away while spouting out parting threat.



The regrettableness of her behavior is like Shia in the past, unexpectedly Hajime and others are receiving her in favorable light. At the root she is a diligent and earnest girl, but she is slipping bit by bit.



A female kendo athlete at the same grade with Shizuku. She had inferiority complex with her appearance that was like Fudou Myouou, so she staked her life in kendo. Because of that, she harbored jealousy to Shizuku who stopped doing kendo after returning, become Lord Vad○, and for some reason received Chrystabel's evilish remodeling and became a beautiful girl.



The manly woman haunting the clothes shop at Brook city. She shaves Hajime's SAN status just by existing. Can deflect bullet with her muscle if it's just stun bullet. Ask for a favor from Yue and others secretly from Hajime in the attempt to expand to earth.



According to Hajime, it's not an expansion but "erosion".



In front of the manly women, Hajime job changed from demon king into hero.



<Kouki arc>



Hero with many worries. He was awakened to <Limit Break - War Demon> that enable him to continue fighting until his body is smashed apart, and <Serene Mind> that make his sword attack very hard to be perceived, he achieved a growth that it won't even be an exaggeration to say that as a swordsman he is in the furthest level one can reach.



Mostly he is getting summoned.



Formerly a member of royal guard knight order attached to Liliana. She is too much of Shizuku's soul sister and got demoted as normal knight. After the decisive battle, she followed Kouki in his extermination of the monsters from Holy Precinct as observer and helper. She is fundamentally following Shizuku supremacy doctrine, so she won't have motivation in matter that isn't related to Shizuku, but she will be overdoing it in matter that is related. Her specialty is in plainly unpleasant prank magic using her darkness element magic. Once she schemed to give emperor Gahard athlete's foot before she was sent flying with a punch by her captain.



The elusive daughter of an inn. This girl──is watching!



The queen of Synclea kingdom. A beauty with white hair that lost its color and brown skin. Older than Kouki. She is endeavoring to use male way of speaking to be more like a queen, but her way of speaking will return to her original feminine way when something unexpected happen. She is doting on her little sister and add "tan" when calling her name, has a regrettable side on her with how she is misunderstanding that she is liked by animal when she is actually hated from how she is too affectionate to the animal. Her personality is fundamentally gentle while also valorous.



Moana's little sister. Blonde twintail and brown skin, a little girl with black heart (eight years old). She is doting on her big sister, to the degree that she declare her big sister is more important than the world. She is skilled in reading the direction of the other party's thinking and perception, she often draw near unnoticed without any presence and surprised people. If there is uproar happening in the capital, generally it's this girl's fault.



After Moana abdicated, she is currently the queen of Synclea kingdom.



The attendant of the royal sisters. She is the equal of chief caster Linden in regard of the use of precise blessing art.



The captain of the royal guard. Somewhat has the attribute of idiot parent toward the royal sisters. However, his eyes will become like dead fish when he heard about Koone's mischief.



Spenser's adopted child. In his twenty he is already the equal of Spenser if it's just in sword art, a young genius swordsman. The leader of Koone's guard squad. His attitude is too straight that he often get misunderstood by woman. Has experience getting threatened by Lilin 「I'll chop up your ball y'know」.



A soldier of the royal guard. A talented woman that possess the strength in the level of the captain in her sixteen. A beautiful girl with long chestnut colored twintail as her characteristic. Her speech is polite but the majority of her consciousness is geared toward battle, she will drop mind blowing words in respond toward smooth talking against her.



The chief of blessing art user group. The father of Lilin.



The leader of the soldier force.



The head of civil official. A tottering gramps who looks like he will fall to pieces anytime soon. But he has dignity that even Moana and Koone cannot go against.



The feudal lord of Arquette territory. His wife is Syla. His son is Rondo (ten years old). A user of dogeza complete with splendid shout that resembled Hajime in the past. It seems that his son Rondo is conscious of Koone.



The vigilance corps leader of Arquette territory.



A well-known store of a fruit named kukuri. Actually when the capital was at war, the two were people of valor that exterminated a platoon of <Dark Beings>.



The strongest <Dark Being> in history. His body was clad with full plate armor made from miasma, possessed abilities like teleportation, erosion, weapon creation within his territory, subordinate beast creation, generating giant, and so on.



A black wolf species <Dark Being>. The first opponent that Kouki fought.



A scaled dragon species <Dark Being>. The first opponent with will that Kouki killed.



<Others>



The kick rabbit that possess the nickname Leg Assault King. He originated from the first floor of the abyss, but by accidentally drinking the god water that Hajime accidentally spilled, he obtained thinking ability and strength, an irregular monster.



After the decisive battle he went out in a training journey. He is a battle junkie. There is almost no monster in Tortus that is his match anymore. A friend with Lee-san.



The two of them were chasing after a mysterious object that appeared in the western sea region, after that, they went missing.



For some reason he talk in Kansai dialogue.



Nicknamed Lee-san. As "the friend of the godslaying demon king", he is acknowledged by human. Presented by the demon king with Triaina (v.2), a small submarine that can be used underwater or in the air, using that he was protecting the west sea.



He displayed his chivalrous spirit and went in a journey with Inaba. There is no guarantee that he will be able to go home again.



A freelancer journalist. Yuuka's fan. The originator that made Yuuka into magical girl. Since then, each time he went to the restaurant it was only him who was served coldly, but he was a person that is painful to look at with how he misunderstood 「Perhaps she has feeling for me!?」 instead.



The boy king who faced much hardship, this time he fell in love with Myuu. Inside his heart was the thinking 'One day I'll punch that guy flying!', and he would yell it out loud when the person wasn't nearby.



The wig who is tsundere toward Aiko.





Chapter 282




AN: Warning: This isn't the resumption of the update.



It's the advertisement for the release of the comic's second volume (25 September)!



Although, I'll feel guilty if it's just advertisement, so I wrote this in a real rush, a brief chapter without any particular content but,



Allow me to post it.



「Everyone! It's sudden, but there will be a school trip tomorrow! All of you must be still unprepared! Let's hurry with it through this day!」



The morning homeroom. The class's homeroom teacher――Hatayama Aiko-sensei was arriving with brisk footsteps that sounded unusually restless. The first voice she said was that sentence that was declared energetically with forced momentum while her face was pale and twitching.



Naturally, an overwhelming silence ruled over the morning classroom.



Even Hajime who was commonly acknowledged as the class's demon king was looking at Aiko with his mouth gaping open. It was extremely unusual for him to look like that.



Shizuku who seemed to guess the situation instantly covered her eyes with her hand and looked up to the ceiling. But, as the common sense person of the class, her status was that of a proper leader, different from Hajime. She immediately raised her hand and took the stance of 「I have question!」.



Aiko jumped.



「……Yaegashi-san.」



「Yes, sensei. Please spit out everything without glossing over anything.」



It wasn't a question, but an interrogation. Aiko was shivering all over like a small animal.



While the fixed gaze of the whole class was directed at her, Aiko averted her gaze with a complicated look before explaining while staring at the stain in the classroom's corner.



According to her, it was somehow overlooked, but the school trip was already finished being carried out.



According to her, due to the disappearance case, it was only this class that didn't have the trip.



According to her, the school officials were going 'If the fact that it's only "them" that haven't gone is leaked to the mass media, won't the school get criticized again? Dealing with that is seriously a pain in the ass y'know. That's why see, let's adjust the schedule in this occasion and shove in "their" school trip in between', and so this event was ordered from the above.



According to Aiko, the order had been given since two months ago.



According to her, there were various things and so she completely forgot to tell them about it and so sorry, seriously sorry!



Aiko-chan-sensei did a beautiful prostration above the teacher desk.



「This is the first time I saw a teacher prostrating on the teacher's desk.」



「In the first place for a teacher to prostrate is already unusual though.」



Tamai Atsushi and Nimura Akito spoke with twitching face.



「We, well, we know that Ai-chan is pretty busy, because the brunt of the "returnee uproar" is directed at her, right?」



「Ye, yep. That's why raise your face already, Ai-chan-sensei.」



After Sonobe Yuuka spoke consolingly with her face was also twitching as expected, Sugawara Taeko also expressed her agreement in hurry.



「Getting on top of the desk like that, she is strangely haughty huh.」



「Hajime-kun, just shut up for a bit!」



Kaori said 「Don't corner Ai-chan even more than this」 to warn Hajime for his statement.



For the time being, in order to do something about Ai-chan who was in the middle of prostrating, the students, mainly the girls did their best to drag her down from the desk before the whole class comforted Aiko whose movement was jittery from her sense of responsibility while saying 「For a working adult to forget getting in touch……」.



Certainly it was really a failure in her part, but all of them knew about her daily activity to protect them the "returnee", her getting treated like a tumor among the teachers, and how recently she was troubled because the vice principal who was heavily suspected of wearing wig was acting like tsundere toward her.



And so, seeing how the person herself was extremely remorseful, and how there would be no problem at all about a matter of this degree if they dealt with it, the whole class was immersing themselves in recovering Aiko's emotional state.



「……Hajime. Give Aiko some comfort.」



Yue displayed her first wife power. She understood that Hajime's words would affect Aiko the most. Hajime smiled wryly while saying 「Can't be helped」, and then he went toward Aiko.



'It's the husband's arrival!' The classmates parted to left and right like a sea in front of Moses.



「Aiko.」



「Uu, I'm a useless teacher. A useless female teacher. It's like I'm a completely useless female teacher. In short Madao」 (TN: Completely useless female teacher = damedame onna kyoushi = madao. Anyone watched Gintama?)



While thinking that she was seriously ill, Hajime spoke with a gentle voice.



「Is there no guidebook or something for the school trip? We know nothing at all about it here.」



「Hah!? Guidebook!? I forgot it in the staff room! I'll go bring it here!」



The truth was that there wasn't really much time, so the school trip would follow the same arrangement with this year's school trip and the guidebook for the trip was prepared already but……



It seemed that Aiko whose head was full with apologizing splendidly forgot it. She was falling deeper and deeper into a vicious circle.



Everyone saw off Aiko rushing out with *patapatapata* footsteps sound.



「For the time being, she had at least recovered to the degree where she can run around.」



「……Hajime. That's not it.」



Hajime-san was hit with tsukkomi retort from Yue. Hajime shrugged his shoulders saying that he got it, and then he went out of the classroom alone in order to help Aiko carrying the guidebook.



The next day.



The class of Hajime and co that barely managed to finish their preparation assembled at the gathering place――at the parking lot nearby the station from early morning.



The bus had already arrived. Nakano Shinji and Saitou Yoshiki were talking with the bus guide. The bus guide was really young and looked lovely. Though her expression was slightly twitching.



Actually, her face was twitching wasn't just because she was getting hit on since the morning.



There was one main cause. The job of being the guide of "those returnees" was pushed on her just "because she was the youngest". Inside her heart she was filled with trepidation. For the time being the bus driver was pushing down his hat deeply that it was covering his eyes.



'You don't want to meet my eyes that much……?' The gaze of the rookie bus guide stabbed into the driver.



「Onee-sama-, I beg you, please-, be safe! If something happen, by all means please use that man as decoy while you escape!」



「That sounded like this is our last meeting in this life, so can you stop that? It's really embarrassing.」



The one who arrived at the gathering spot earlier than anyone in the class, kouhai-chan (TN: Kouhao=junior). Saying 「This might be our last meeting」, the girl buried her face into Shizuku's chest and rubbed her face there.



For the time being, Hajime caught the back of kouhai-chan's head with iron claw. (TN: Not real iron claw, I guess it's like wrestling technique where you grab the head of someone like you're going to crush apple with your grip)



「So, you come out huh, senpai! Are you satisfied tearing me apart from Onee-sama!? Are you satisfied!?」



「Your tension is high right from the morning huh, oi.」



Hajime yawned while grinding his fingers on the forehead of kouhai-chan who was causing a ruckus. It seemed that the sight of kouhai-chan writhing in agony 「Aa~~h, my head-, my head feels like it's going to spliiit」 didn't even enter his eyes.



「As I thought, Onee-sama must not be let to go to a school trip with this kind of man! At the very least, I have to come along to!」



Turning what she spoke out into action was kouhai-chan quality. Annoyed, Hajime fixed a mouth gag on kouhai-chan and then he fastened her on the nearby electric pole with wire.



And then, he took out a signboard from who know where and gently hung it down on the neck of kouhai-chan who was struggling while going 「Muu~h, muu~!」. The signboard was written with 「In the middle of morning training. Please don't talk to me.」.



Even though there was a high school girl getting tied on an electric people, yet there wasn't anyone who said anything, far from that, everyone was watching it with a warm gaze. This situation――the SAN value of the rookie bus guide decreased until 90.



「Sa, say, say-. Hatayama-sensei? That girl is……」



「Err, err, after this, when we depart……it's going to be this at there, after that……」



The rookie bus guide was quietly distancing herself from the small animal teacher who was confirming the trip program with extreme desperation for some reason. It's no good to bother her isn't it, sorry.



「A-ha-ha, everything is all right you know, bus guide-san! That girl, she will manage somehow against a mere wire after all.」



「This happens every time! Rather than something like that, is it okay for me to call you by your first name?」



Shinji and Yoshiki were shadowing the bus guide around. The rookie bus guide's expression turned troubled. Calling the sight of a girl tied on an electric pole with wire as something that "happened every time"……inside her heart, she yelled 「Is this, the returnee quality!?」.



――Rookie bus guide's SAN value 87



Then, at that time, a childish voice suddenly resounded from the traffic circle.



「Papaaa~~!」



「! Myuu! Even Remia too. What is it you two?」



The girl running *sutetetete-* with rapid footsteps――Myuu leaped into Hajime's arms without pause. From behind her, Remia was going 「My my」 while walking near with her usual lax and gentle atmosphere.



For the time being, the rookie bus guide opened her eyes wide. 「Papa-!? Just now, that girl said papa!? And then, no one here is surprised by that!?」 She screamed inside her heart.



The rookie bus guide knew. At the morning, the young man who was called papa was coming to this place with his hand intimately holding the hand of an extraordinarily blond haired girl. There was also one other girl who was also beautiful, hopping up and down closely around the two at that time like a rabbit, but no matter how anyone looked at it, at the very least the two of them were a pair of lovers.



And yet, papa……



The imagination of the indulgent livelihood of a boy high school student emerged inside her head, her eyes couldn't move away anymore. It was a real soap opera right from the early morning! The rookie bus guide loved soap opera, to the degree she would video tape it to watch later!



「I'm sorry dear. Myuu won't listen to me, saying that she don't want to see you off from home as expected, but from your departure instead……」



「I see……. Well, it's fine. Thanks for coming her to see us off, Myuu. Look forward for souvenir later.」



「Nmyu!」



Myuu who happily hugged tightly, and Hajime whose expression loosened up.



And then, the classmates who were watching over them warmly……



(Why, is there no one who question this situation!? Shouldn't this be a carnage!? No, wait, that child is around five, six years old no matter how you cut it. That means, that boy when in elementary school, with that beautiful woman he was……sensei-, Hatayama-sensei! An outrageous situation, is right before us right now! Isn't there something you have to do as an educator!?)



「Fufuh, Myuu-chan is really liking Haji――cough-, Nagumo-kun isn't it?」



Nonchalantly~.



Seeing no reaction that she was expecting, the rookie bus guide whispered 「Damn itt!」 with a small voice. Or rather, just now, this teacher, she almost called a student with his name before she corrected herself hastily……



The soap opera lover rookie bus guide eye- activate!



……



……



……



No way, this was no way. It was something with that feel……. Looking carefully, the other female students were also the same. This class, the human relationship in it was overly bad news! But, the worst thing was, the classmates who were accepting it as though it was natural!



Whyyyyy!? Just what's going on!?



――Rookie bus guide's SAN value 83



「The expression of Onee-sama when staring at senpai who is holding a small kid, Priceless-!」



「Chih. The binding almost come off already. ――Here, extra」



Kouha-chan was almost slipping off from the electric pole wire with slipper movement. A "Bola" that was taken out from out of nowhere flew. It whirled round and round and round and round from the weight's centrifugal force.



――Rookie bus guide's SAN value 80



「……You. Isn't it about the time soon?」



The driver with his hat deeply lowered over his eyes as though to say 「I absolutely cannot see anything right from the beginning yeah?」 was informing the rookie bus guide in a whisper.



「Tha, that's right! Hatayama-sensei! It's any time now! Please start with the roll-call!」



「Ah, yes. Right away!」



When the rookie bus driver urged looking somewhat in desperation, the small animal teacher started to move while darting about like a small animal.



Before long, everyone boarded inside the bus.



On the seat at the farthest back. Straight at the end of the pathway, Hajime-san occupied the position in the middle immovably.



A thought entered the rookie bus guide's mind for some reason.



'He looked like a demon king sitting on the throne', she thought.



And then, ahead of the pathway, right in front of him was herself……



――Rookie bus guide's SAN value 73



The bus started running without any problem.



Outside the window, Myuu was waving around her hand energetically inside Remia's embrace. All the classmates were waving back.



Kouhai-chan slipped out from her restraint and came running in pursuit. The scream of 「OO~~NEEE~~SAMAA~~~!」 was ignored by all the classmates. And then as though she was purposefully aiming for the cliché, after chasing for five hundred meter, kouhai-chan performed asphalt dive face first hard and her figure vanished far behind.



The rookie bus guide told herself that she didn't see anything. She performed her greeting and self-introduction. She especially emphasized the name of the driver. It felt like the steering wheel handling was out of control for a moment, but surely it was just her imagination.



Shinji and Yoshiki got carried away and they called the rookie bus guide with her first name. The scolding of Aiko-sensei came flying at them there.



While all those were happening, 「Ah」 the voice of one boy student resounded. The voice's owner was Nomura Kentarou. He was staring fixedly at the neighboring seat, and then



「Ai-chan-sensei! Kousuke isn't here!」



「What did you sayyy!?」



Rustle rustle. 「Kousuke? Ah, Endo-kun?」「Eh? Endo isn't here?」「Or rather, was he at the gathering place?」「Feels like I saw him, or perhaps not……」「That Aby, Kousuke, maybe he is actually around here?」「Oi oi, that lord, is he left behind…..as expected ain't it?」 The indifferent voices of the students resounded.



「Eh? Eh? Err, Hatayama-sensei, could it be there is one student that is not here?」



「Please wait a second. Everyoo~~ne! Look around you very carefully! By any chance, is Endo-kun at the corner or somewhere? Or perhaps, he is right beside you but you just don't notice him! First let's double check for sure!」



――Rookie bus guide's SAN value 71



All the classmates simultaneously started observing inside the bus attentively.



The conclusion altogether was 「He isn't heree~~!」



「Nomura-kun! Fine play you did there! How amazing to be able to be the first one noticing about the nonexistence of that Endo-kun! Someone, contact Endo-kun――」



「Sensei, that guy is right above.」



「Eh?」



Hearing Hajime's words, everyone looked up while saying 「Above?」. They were thinking that perhaps Kousuke was clinging at the ceiling. But, they couldn't see any ninja clinging on the ceiling above.



「Above the bus, above. It's this guy we are talking about, perhaps, the bus departed while he went to toilet or something, and with no other option he jumped on the roof, something like that?」



「That Kousuke, just what the hell he is doing?」



The rookie bus guide couldn't follow the content of the conversation.



Kentarou sent a glance at her while opening the window near his seat.



There,



「Ah, the window opened?」



A student smoothly entered inside the bus from the rooftop along with such muttering――Endo Kousuke.



「Oh man, Kentarou. Thanks. I was thinking about throwing in clone to tell someone, but with the guide here I thought that will cause commotion, so I waited for someone to open the window.」



「What are you gonna do if no one opened the window huh?」



「Until we stop at the rest area, I was going to spend time above……. When you get used to it, it was unexpectedly pleasant up there.」



The one normally taking his seat beside Kentarou and started a conversation normally, was a student who was on the rooftop of a running bus all this time.



And then, a retort of 「You can just phone someone to open the window right?」, and the shocked voice 「Ah」 that Kousuke leaked, and the roar of laughter 「As expected from Abyssgate!」「The lord blundered right from the beginning huuh!」 toward such Kousuke came from the students.



――Rookie bus guide's SAN value 68



Inside the bus that was wrapped with delightfully bright atmosphere that was fitting for the start of a school trip, the rookie bus guide thought.



'I wonder, in the end will I be able to I hold on my sanity until the last……?' She thought.



The tribulation of the rookie bus guide continued……………………?



AN: Thank you very much for reading this every time.



Thank you very much too for the thoughts, opinions, and reports about misspelling and omitted words.



I uploaded the activity report.



It's about the release of the comic's second volume.



Thanks to everyone paying the first volume from your pocket, the second volume could be released without incident.



Really, thank you very much!



Please take care of Arifureta from here on too.



Also, I mentioned it at my activity report too but, I'm thinking that I want to restart my update at 21 October.



I'm undecided about the content that I'll write, but for the time being, before I write a long extra story, I want to write several short stories first.



It will please me if you all can enjoy it together with me again.



Please take care of me from here on too!





Chapter 283




AN: I have returned.



From here on I will be updating Arifureta bit by bit basically like usual at 6 PM Saturday.



It's a story that is being done as though for Shirakome to have fun, but I'll be happy if I can have fun with you readers again.



About the story of school trip at the previous chapter, unexpectedly there were a lot of voices asking to continue it, so I tried to write a bit.



Although, it's not a story that can continue for that much so, (or rather, I don't even think about the chronological order and so on of this story)



It feels somewhat half-hearted (sweat)



Maybe I'll write it properly again somewhere.



Also, the Cthulhu term and rule that appear here are different from the actual thing. I prioritize the mood. I'm sorry.



It turned out long so I split the chapter.



After this I'll upload one more chapter at 7 PM.



The school trip that they were only told just yesterday.



Their destination was Kyoto. The travel of several hours using bus ended in no time at all.



The rookie bus guide had taken out all the plans for killing time mid journey she had prepared and her cheek muscles were starting to cramp from making twitching smile too much. She was relieved from the bottom of her heart that they finally arrived.



It helped that the students had good mood. The students this day were relatively cold, they wouldn't react even when she prepared things like karaoke or quiz, but the students here (especially Nakano and Saitou) were really hyped up.



Although they frequently showed speech and conduct that were far removed from common sense, it was relatively endurable if she persisted in seeing and hearing nothing. The bus driver who was similarly seeing and hearing nothing casually giving her follow-up(mental analysis) was also a great help.



And so, even after watching the party trick (?) of the students that began from some time ago, even when currently right beside her there was a female student juggling countless knifes in a level that the video of it could be uploaded to the "World Shocking Video" even while looking like she felt it troublesome, the rookie bus guide was still enduring!



――Rookie bus guide's SAN value 50



「Sonobe~. You're finished with just ten? You can do more aren't you?」



Tamai Atsushi said such thing with a disappointed look. It seemed that he wasn't satisfied with the juggling of ten knifes.



The rookie bus guide thought.



In the first place it's already out for a student to carry knife! Sensei! That child is carrying knife see! What's more it's a lot! Why are you making face as though it's normal!?



「Well, if I get serious then I can do around thirty, but the ceiling is low so that's impossible.」



「Sonobe-san, that's amazing~」



Sensei! What do you mean 「That's amazing~」!? What's with that carefree expression! Sure it looks cute, sheesh. But! Your cute student look like she is going to spend a sharp cutting life you know!? Please give her your guidance!



The rookie bus guide acted the straight man in her heart and stared at Aiko. Reach, this unsaid feeling!



「??」



Aiko tilted her head in puzzlement. A beat later she smiled carefreely for some reason.



The rookie bus guide whispered 「Damn iiit」. It didn't reach. But she was cute――how should she deal with this helpless feeling……



But, there a small whisper entered the rookie bus guide's ear.



「Ten more minutes……」



「Ah, yes.」



The bus driver was wearing his hat so low over his eyes that it was unclear how he could see the front, giving other nothing but anxiety seeing it. According to such bus driver, it seemed that they would reach the first sight-seeing area for today in ten more minutes.



The rookie bus guide cleared her throat with a cough and pulled herself together, then she urged Yuuka who had moved to juggle playing cards without her noticing to return to her seat.



The cards weren't only juggled up, they also flew horizontally, furthermore they returned back like boomerang. Although the rookie bus guide was entranced by the artistic juggling of dozens of card moving like that, but she forced herself to do her job properly.



Yuuka returned to her seat while getting applause from everyone. Her cheeks were slightly red from feeling a bit embarrassed.



「Sonobe-san, thank you very much. Everyone else also have amazing skill. This is the first time for me seeing students this amazing.」



She smiled sweetly. Inside her heart she was trembling with fear, thunderstruck, and on the verge of madness, but as a bus guide she couldn't forget to smile. Muscular pain of facial muscles? Bring it on!



Saitou and Nakano reacted.



「Please say that "This is the first time for me" one more time!」



「Put your heart into it! Please say it while looking a bit embarrassed!」



Truly a straight sexual harassment. The rookie bus guide's expression was screaming.



Anyway, card abruptly stabbed into the forehead of the two. 「My head, my heaaad-」 The two idiots were writhing around on their seat.



「Chih, it got dirty.」



Blood stuck to the card. Yuuka treated it like a dirty thing just as she said by wiping the card on Saitou's cloth. Her eyes were completely cold that if anyone faint of heart saw her they would become weak in the knees. Though all the other female students also had the same eyes.



「Guide-san, sorry. The girls in the class will firmly punish these two idiots.」



「Be, before that, blood is going spu~rt, spu~~rt out from their forehead like fountain though-. The hospital-」



It was a sudden bloodshed. The rookie bus guide was flustered.



There Kaori sighed while coming their way. Her gaze was unusually cold. She slapped a large band-aid on the two's forehead. 「Higii!?」 Saitou and Nakano screamed in harmony. *twitch twitch*.



「Geez, you shouldn't dirty the bus with blood! Nakano-kun and Saitou-kun is also playing too much!」



Seeing Kaori giving a scolding, the rookie bus guide had a thought. 「No, that's not the problem!」 She thought.



――Rookie bus guide's SAN value 46



「I, I'm sorry for my students behavior! I'll scold them for this later. I'm really sorry!」



The small animal teacher bowed her head repeatedly. Her figure apologizing for her students who were screwing around too much really looked like a teacher, but as expected it seemed like she wasn't concerned by the bloodshed itself.



――Rookie bus guide's SAN value 43



For a moment the bus guide was assaulted by a feeling that wanted to scream loudly while escaping by crashing through the window, but she would die if she did that so she barely desisted from doing it. Above all else, as a bus guide, there was no way she could abandon the guest!



「E, e~rr, everyone, looks like you all are full of energy there! After this, in less than ten minutes, we will arrive at our first sightseeing area for today, the Fushimi Inari Shrine. After that, we will go around several sightseeing area just as written in the guidebook before we head toward our hotel for today.」



'Yee~~s!' The students replied back energetically again with liveliness that was different from student these days. The rookie bus guide's mind that was almost toppled was slightly healed from that. These students were actually welcomed guest for a bus guide if the supernatural something they nonchalantly showed frequently wasn't counted.



'I'll do my best!' The rookie bus guide fired up herself while taking a bold action of releasing her personal information in order to shrink the distance a little between herself and the students.



「Honestly speaking, I came from Kyoto. I lived at the area slightly north from here, near famous places like Kurama hot spring and Kuramadera that everyone surely has heard before. Because of that, I know about various things like the good hidden places and so on, so please ask me anything without reservation.」



'Ooo~' The students immediately showed surprise good-spiritedly. How should she say it, this calls had an amazing sense of unity, they looked like they really got along with each other.



She was putting her guard up because they were the "returnees", and in actuality their many speech and conduct were removed from common sense, but it was completely unthinkable to see them as an object to be avoided.



Perhaps the rookie bus guide had also got a bit used to the students because her shoulders relaxed a bit. It felt like her willpower was recovering.



「Kurama hot spring and Kuramadera? Are they famous place desu~?」



Shia raised her hand *pyon* and quickly threw a question.



Seeing from how the other students weren't making wondering face, certainly it seemed those places were quite popular, but for Shia it was a name that her rabbit ears heard for the first time. It seemed Yue was also the same because she was going 「Nn?」 with tilted head.



From the face of the two that were obviously foreigner, the rookie bus guide thought 「It's not unreasonable that they don't know」, she smiled sweetly while giving more explanation.



「It's a really lovely inn that is surrounded by nature. The winter hot spring that is surrounded by trees with winter make-up is especially recommended. Kuramadera is known as a power spot that is famous even in Kyoto. It's also introduced as the home of the tengu(long-nosed goblin) and so on. About the detail of the history, I will tell it at another chance if you are interested but……」



The rookie bus guide chose her words so that even youngster from foreign country could easily understood and also pickled their curiosity at the same time. She then continued speaking full of playfulness.



「It was also said that far in the past, "the demon king descended" there or something, it's a lovely place.」



All the students without a single exception sent their gaze toward the back seat.



「E, eh? Everyone? Wha, what's the matter?」



Their reaction was different from what she had in mind. Or rather, their reaction was more than she expected! Furthermore it was an incomprehensible reaction!



The rookie bus guide was confused!



When she followed the gaze of the students, she reached the center of the back seat――a single male student who sat firmly like a mountain right in front of the rookie bus guide.



The eyes of the rookie bus guide and him――Hajime met.



If one had to give an allusion about Hajime's mental state here, then Hajime-san in Japan was relatively high-tensioned. Actually, he also nonchalantly joined in at all the energetic replies until now. Even when they were doing karaoke he was enthusiastically singing out anime song.



If the gazes that were saying things like 「She said the demon king descended there」「In other words, Nagumo descended there?」 were directed toward such unusually high-tensioned Hajime, how would he react……



He grinned widely, and released a tiny bit of "Pressure"! Indeed, I am the demon king-sama!



The students got roused up saying 「Oo! Nagumo played along!」「Yoo, our demon king-sama!」!



However, even though it was only a pressure that was nothing for the students who had been trained at another world, the rookie bus guide who was right at the front of that demon king was completely a different case……



「くぁ(kua)wせ(se)drftgyふじこ(fujiko)lp！？」



Such weird shriek resounded through the parking lot of the Kyoto's Fushimi Inari Shrine they had just arrived at.



――Rookie bus guide's SAN value 23



Liberated from the long bus travel, the students stretched their body.



Perhaps because it was a school trip that was a bit out of season, the surrounding was throwing glances at the students because it was rare for a group of students to visit at this period of time.



Amidst that atmosphere, the female students were gathering around the rookie bus guide. For some reason Kaori and Shizuku were holding her left and right hand respectively, while other girls like Yuuka, Taeko, Nana and so on were surrounding them like guards. It was a bit of harem situation in a sense.



「E, err, everyone? I'll be leading, so if possible stay behind me……or rather, why do I have my hand being hold?」



「It's fine, it's fine okay?」



「We are at your side.」



「Err……guide-san. You want candy? It's sweet milk taste. I think it will surely heal you.」



Kaori, Shizuku, and Yuka were sending extremely considerate expression and voice toward the rookie bus guide. The other female students were also sending her kind words one after another.



She was really happy that they would get along with her. Especially because it was the female students and not the male students.



However, still however.



As expected she couldn't hide her bewilderment toward this strange consideration and kindness. Rather, it felt a bit scary instead because they were too kind.



「E, excuse me. Everyone, did I do something? Everyone seems to act a little different compared to before……eh? Come to think of it, since when we arrived at the parking lot? Eh? Eeeh? I remember talking about the local……after that…….」



「It's fine if you don't remember!」



「Now now, guide-san. Let's go ahead, okay? Okay?」



Kaori panicked while Shizuku hurriedly pulled at her hand and asked her for being area guide.



Certainly, right now it was time to work. For some reason her memory of a few minutes ago was a bit fuzzy, but the students were hoping for the area guide. Her guide soul would die out if she didn't respond enthusiastically!



The rookie bus guide switched her attitude and walked. All the female students moved simultaneously with her like a colony. Behind them the male students were following in groups.



「Say, Yue. Is that person really okay? I don't think we need to go as far as erasing her memory though.」



At the back of the group, Hajime asked Yue with a really awkward expression.



The demon king-sama never expected that the guide would go mad just from that degree of Pressure. The speech and conduct of the whole class until then that considerably lowered the SAN value of the rookie bus guide was also one cause, but it was himself who dealt the finishing blow, so as expected Hajime was unusually in the middle of introspection of fooling around too much.



Though the biggest cause of his introspection was because Yue said 「Bad!」 to him.



「……Nn. She should be okay because she was healed with Soul Magic. In the first place, it looks like she have an amazingly strong willpower that is rare for an ordinary person……perhaps, she even have some kind of amazing experience in the past?」



It was as though the rookie bus guide possessed toughness as if she even had the skill of Fear Resistance. Yue was looking at the rookie bus guide with eyes as though she was seeing a mysterious thing.



「What kind of amazing experience that would make a rookie bus guide obtain Fear Resistance……that would be too amazing for the work of bus guide.」



「……By the way, I didn't manipulate her memory. She has resistance, but it seems that her memory was normally blown away.」



「……Perhaps I'll give her something later as apology.」



A rookie bus guide who was given apology present from the demon king. There was no doubt that if the people of Tortus heard about it they would get a distant look.



From a glance, it looked like the bus guide-san was greatly popular with the students. The group looked around Fushimi Inari Shrine like that.



Yue and Shia reflexively leaked out voice of admiration toward place that gave off history and mystique like the famous "Torii Corridor" and so on.



The rookie bus guide stood still at a certain place.



「Everyone, this here is called "Omokaru Stone". If you lift the head of the stone lantern, it's said that your wish will come true if the stone is lighter than you thought, but your wish won't come true if you think it's heavy. Does anyone want to try~」



When the students turned their gaze following those words, there were two stone lanterns. The students made racket with chitter-chatter while trying it out one after another.



「I wish to get a girlfriend today!」



Nakano yelled a wish that was extremely reckless without shame while sending a glance toward the rookie bus guide and lifted the stone.



「-!? ……It, it's lighttt! Very liiight!」



It seemed that it was really heavy far than what he thought. Even though he had another world cheat, but he still felt that it was heavy for some reason……. Perhaps his wish was just that "impossible~".



Sympathizing gazes gathered toward Nakano. Saitou who saw that gave up giving a try and quietly took distance from Nakano.



The next who reached out his hand was Nomura Kentarou who showed a fine play when the bus departed at the beginning, and his party member who took the healing role, Tsuji Ayako. Both of them glanced at each other while reaching their hand, and slowly lifted up the stones.



「Tsuji, how's yours?」



「U, uh. I thought that it's normally light though……Nomura-kun, you?」



「Me too, I think it's light. ……Tsuji, your wish is……」



「That's a secret!」



Both of them blushed slightly while glancing at each other with their hand still holding the stone.



「Can you believe it? Those two, they aren't going out even like that you know?」



「Who cares, put down the stone quickly already, Nomura. Or I'm going to crush your head along with the stone.」



Atsushi and Noboru were peevish. Seeing the two who were both conscious of each other since returning to earth and yet still hadn't gone out with each other, not just Atsushi and Noboru, the other classmates were also making doubtful expression.



The students were making noise like that while at the end Shizuku and Kaori made their attempt. Shia asked the two with an excited voice.



「What kind of wish the two of you want to have come true? Please tell me before lifting up the stone desu.」



「I……as I thought, I want to be able to keep being together with Hajime-kun from here on forever, I think?」



「Let's see……I wish, that my family will be a bit more quiet, something like that.」



Kaori looked a bit embarrassed while Shizuku got a distant look when saying their wish. Pitying gazes gathered at Shizuku.



Like that, Kaori and Shizuku reached their hand toward the Omokaru Stone……



「My, it's light. I wonder if my family will restrain themselves a bit with this?」



Shizuku lightly lifted up and down the Omokaru Stone really happily. Even more pitying gazes gathered toward her.



But, beside her an abnormal situation occurred. Kaori wasn't trying to lift up the Omokaru Stone from above the stone lantern.



No, looking at how she was shaking all over, it wasn't that she wasn't lifting up the stone, it looked like she "couldn't lift up the stone".



「Nnuuuuuuuuh!? What's this!? Why is it this heavy!? It doesn't twitch for even an inch though!?」



'Could it be, the stone is glued?' In her confusion Kaori-san even forgot the fact that just before this everyone was normally lifting up the stone.



「Is it getting stuck……」



The rookie bus guide who was watching over the students smilingly picked up the Omokaru Stone with a bewildered expression.



'Hyoi-', it was lifted up really lightly.



「……」



「……」



An inexpressible atmosphere was flowing. The air felt even heavier from the fact that Kaori had spoken out her wish before this.



「This, this time it will surely be okay!」



「Tha, that's right!」



The rookie bus guide desperately followed up. Kaori was getting teary eyed while reaching her hand toward the Omokaru Stone once more.



It didn't even twitch.



「WHYYYYYYY!? Is my wish that difficult!? Is it really that impossible of a wish, so much so that the weight isn't just simply heavy anymore!? UWAAAAAAAHN」



Kaori's posture was already clinging on the stone lantern, tyring to somehow lift up the Omokaru Stone at the head part. Naturally, she very much gathered pitying gazes.



Amidst that, Yue-sama came forward with trotting steps.



She sent a warm gaze at Kaori who was struggling hard to lift up the Omokaru Stone with tear-stained face and then,



「……Kaori. Do you know the words, knowing your place?」



「What does that mean!?」



'Wanting to be at Hajime's side is a wish that is beyond you, you know?', those words implicitly conveyed that.



The strange situation where the Omokaru Stone couldn't be lifted up no matter what she tried even began to gather curious attention from the surrounding people who came for sightseeing.



「Err, Hajime-san. Could it be……」



「Aa~, yep. It's absurdly concealed skillfully but, from what I see with my magic stone eye, it's that Yue's doing.」



Just as Shia's instinct told her, it was Yue-sama's doing.



Yes, in front of the public she was concealing her magic power while activating gravity magic in a miraculous feat!



The proof of that was how the weight was added in proportion with the strength Kaori used. The stone lantern where the Omokaru Stone was placed was starting to make ominous sound *crack crack*.



Even Kaori seemed to notice from that sound.



「This is……YUU~~EE~~~-!! You are bullying me again! What are you thinking doing that in this kind of place!? Dispel it quickly! Now, right away!」



「……I don't understand what are you talking about desu.」



'Pyu~pyu pyuh pyu pyu~~~' Yue averted her gaze while whistling unnaturally. If it was for the sake of bullying Kaori, then she wouldn't shirk from doing miraculous feat!



Kaori who sensed that Yue had no intention of dispelling the gravity magic had a vein emerged angrily on her forehead.



The classmates who guessed the situation from the two's conversation showed exasperated face or amused face. Amidst that, Kaori took a dee~~p breath one more time.



「Tha, that, Kaori? I know what's going on but, there are a lot of people here, it's better to give up……」



「Shizuku-chan. There is battle that a woman cannot withdraw from.」



Shizuku thought 'At the very least don't fight using body reinforcement at a sightseeing area, seriously', but Kaori was already――activating her charging maiden mode!



「THIS STONEEEEEEEEEEEEE!! I'LL ABSOLUU~~~TELY, LIFT YOU UUUUUUUUUUP」



A surging war cry! Kaori displayed the physical strength of god's apostle all out, pouring her all into conquering the Omokaru Stone! It seemed she still have some reasoning left to at least suppress the visualization of her magic power light, it was fortunate at that point but……



「……Muh. Unreasonably stubborn!」



「Watch me-, Hajime-kun! I'm, not going to lose!」



'I cannot watch this in various sense', Hajime's straight man retort didn't enter the ear of the two.



Shizuku and Aiko tried to stop them in panic.



However, before they could *crack*, an ominous sound resounded and the two reflexively stopped moving.



Looking carefully, the stone lantern finally couldn't endure the super heavy weight and had crack entered it!



「Please spare me from sudden destruction of tourist area~~a!」



「A, anyway everyone! Form a wall! Become human wall so that other tourists cannot see!」



Aiko tried to stop the two while half-crying, while Shizuku gave instruction to the students to form a crowd.



Kaori didn't yield against the attention from around her, she didn't even yield against the super heavy weight, finally she succeeded to hold the Omokaru Stone in her arms. And then, she raised it high above her head with the cry 'DAAA――――!' even while shaking all over.



Her pose looked like an athlete of barbell weight lifting, or perhaps like a combat race that went "Share your strength with me!". (TN: This is Dragon Ball reference I think.)



At the same time, a depression formed at the ground under Kaori's feet in radial shape. Countless fissures spread outward like spider web.



「Look, look-, Hajime-kun! I properly lifted it! My wish will come true!」



「……Nuu. Damn Kaori. She did it.」



It seemed that Kaori-san who was immersed in her sense of accomplishment already forgot. About the fact of "It's out if it feel heavier than what you imagined". It was already out for her right from the beginning.



But, no one could say that to her looking at that brightly glowing expression.



Anyway, while the classmates were blocking people's gaze, Hajime punished the two with Shockwave attached forehead flick while fixing the ground and stone lantern with transmutation.



Everything was fixed in the blink of eye so there shouldn't be any witness.



Yes, no one except the rookie bus guide who was among the students.



The rookie bus guide who witnessed the whole sequence of events was making twitching smile for a while before,



「……fuhih」



She fainted, leaving behind a strange snicker.



――Rookie bus guide's SAN value 18



AN: Thank you very much for reading this every time.



Thank you very much too for the thoughts, opinions, and reports about misspelling and omitted words.



There is one more chapter posting after this!



It's a story that I wrote without thinking of the setting or anything, so the chronological order is also vague.



And so, I won't make any allusion regarding Kouki.



Whether he is there or not, please see it with your eye of the heart.



PS



Arifureta Nichijou chapter 6 is updated at Overlap-sama's homepage.



Please take a look if you like.





Chapter 284




AN: I posted Arifureta After II Mundane School Life ③ before this.



Please take a look there first



Even after that, the sanity level of the rookie bus guide was shaved hard every time they went to other sightseeing area, but because of her professional spirit that was beaten into her despite her status as rookie, her inherent willpower, and then the follow-up of the terrifyingly kind students, she managed to somehow overcome the difficult situation.



After they arrived at their inn, a dispute revolving around who would share the room with Hajime ensued, there was an outbreak of TALKING physically with Yue and Kaori as the main offender, the youth was peeved, Aiko-sensei tried to abuse her authority, as the result, there was the unexpected occurrence of her getting scold(choke sleeper)-ed by Shia occurring……



For the rookie bus guide, something at the level of the commanding teacher getting strangled by a student was already not a big deal. Compared to her own condition where there were already instances in double digit number where her memory was spotty just from this one day, it was something trivial.



However, seeing the bus driver who still wore his hat very low over his eyes that half his face was hidden even indoor, acting like it wasn't any concern of him, it caused killing intent to boil up from inside her.



Perhaps noticing the gaze of the rookie bus guide that was teeming with killing intent, the bus driver presented her with a canned coffee but……



The rookie bus guide was someone who was overly fond of sweets. To the degree that sugar content was life for her. If she had to hold back from sugar content, she would rather woke up early in the morning and ran marathon for ten kilometer to maintain her body style even if she had to suffer lack of sleep. That was how much she loved sugar content. To the degree that she would pour down the sugar for business use down into her throat as they were if she was so inclined.



Even though the bus driver should know that about her, he intentionally gave her a black coffee. The rookie bus guide swore to herself, 'I absolutely gonna murder you one day'.



Like that, she finished her dinner even while being completely exhausted in body and mind, and then it was time for the students to enter bath.



The rookie bus guide headed to the inn's lobby by herself. Her body was demanding for sweets. Eating sweets at night wasn't something good, but she couldn't hold on if she didn't replenish her sugar content.



「Haa~, I'm tired……where is the sugar……is there café au lait of Gl○co I wonder……」 (TN: It refers to Glico brand I think)



Like a sugar content zombie wandering in the search of brutal sweetness, the rookie bus guide was walking unsteadily. Then she saw on the chair ahead of the corridor, Aiko was sitting snugly.



When she saw the hanging sign of the bath on the other side further ahead, she realized that she was keeping a lookout as a teacher.



「Good evening Hatayama-sensei. It must be hard having to take care everything alone.」



For some reason the rookie bus guide called out to that figure sitting alone while her legs were dangling back and forth from the chair. Perhaps Aiko had nothing to do because smiled happily when she was called out.



「Ahaha, well, it can't be helped. The circumstance is like this. Besides, it's not as hard as you think. Haji――Nagumo-kun is constructing a surveillance system inside the inn so, well, I don't think it will happen, but even if the boys think about doing anything not good, a warning will reach my smartphone.」



「Is that so.」



'Don't look down on the ignoring skill that has been polished through this whole day okay?' As though to say that, the rookie bus guide smiled sweetly and overlooked what Aiko said.



「Rather, I'm more worried whether Nagumo-kun is going to get ambushed by the girls――」



「Tomorrow will be free activity isn't it! What will Hatayama-sensei do!?」



「Hiih!? What's with the sudden loud voice!?」



'It's so that the unfathomable world of you all doesn't encroach into mine', Of course she didn't say that out loud.



The figure of Aiko-sensei twitching like a shivering small animal caused her to feel 「I won!」 for some reason, the rookie bus guide was about to go in a journey searching for sugar content once more.



At that moment,



――*DOPAN-DOPAN-DOPAN- DOPAN-*



Sudden gunshots!



「Hiih!? What's that!?」



The rookie bus guide embraced herself with both her hands while jumping up. It was a sound that people couldn't possible hear in Japan, however, it was a sound that people had certainly heard from movie or the like. The rookie bus guide couldn't hide her shaken up feeling!



「Na, Nagumo-ku~~n! What's going oonn!?」



Aiko raised her voice in front of the hanging sign of the male's bath. Then, from inside the bath,



――I'm currently teaching my classmates the meaning of recklessness~. Especially at these guys' crotch!



Such voice came.



It seemed there was man among man who knew no fear there. The countdown to job change into manly woman had begun.



――The dream-, we only want to see the dream! That's all there is to it!



――Fuh. We're resolved from the start!



Such manly (?) roar could be heard, then a beat later.



――*DOPAN-, DOPAN-*



――AAA—–!



――AAA—–!



Two scream of death agony echoed.



「I don't hear anything. I don't hear anything. I don't hear anything. I don't hear anything. I don't hear anything. I don't hear anything. I don't hear anything. I don't hear anything. I don't hear anything. I don't hear anything. I don't hear anything. I don't hear anything. I don't hear anything. I don't hear anything.」



「Hah!? A, are you okay!? Eh!? Your eyes look empty!? Someone! Someone please he~~~lp!」



The rookie bus guide covered both her ears. She curled into herself while wholeheartedly whispered the same thing repeatedly. Aiko looked after her while getting panicked.



――Rookie bus guide's SAN value 4



When the bath time was over, the students wearing yukata were clamoring at places like the shop in the lobby and so on.



The rookie bus guide was lying down on the sofa of such bustling lobby while diligently replenishing her sugar content slurping through a long straw an extremely sweet café au lait. She was making her own arm as pillow replacement, so if one changed the angle they viewed her, it would look like she was connected with intravenous drip of café au lait.



「……Guide-san, are you all right?」



「Kaori has put recovery magic on her and even Yue had used her soul magic, so I think she is fine but……」



When Kaori whispered so worriedly, Shizuku said so with the same expression.



At a sofa slight distance away in the same lobby, the usual members with Hajime as the center (other than Yue and co, there were Ryutaro and Suzu) were sitting there. Other than them, the Ai-chan bodyguard party was also sitting there. In addition, it was only Yuka who were pulled by other girls for some reason and right now she was going somewhere.



The gaze of everyone was directed toward the rookie bus guide who was limply lying down while continuing to slurp the brown liquid *slurp slurp* without resting, and Aiko who was worriedly staying at her side.



「……Nn. That child is a strong child. She is an outstanding material whose mental strength can rival even Tio if she is trained.」



「That's a completely unexpected evaluation from Yue-san. Is that person really a bus guide?」



Rookie bus guide-san, she received a tremendously great evaluation from the strongest vampire princess of another world…….



Shia was directing a gaze at the rookie bus guide whose intake amount of extremely sweet café au lait had reached liter unit as though she was seeing something amazing. The bus guide's complexion had become far better than before. Was sugar content something like a recovery medicine for her?



By the way, Nakano and Saitou were collapsing with the white of their eyes exposed on the sofa in front the rookie bus guide. Their posture was strangely bow-legged.



Like that for a while everyone amused themselves with whimsical chat before suddenly Hajime stood up with a smartphone in one hand.



「I'll call home for a bit.」



Saying that he left his seat. Different from Yue and co who had an idea of what that was about, Ryutaro and Suzu and others were puzzled about what Hajime's business was. Shizuku who noticed their question spoke the answer with smiling expression.



「He is going to say good night to Myuu-chan.」



'Aaa!' Voices of understanding were raised.



When they looked around, there was the figure of Hajime leaning on a pillar of the lobby, listening on the phone while nodding frequently toward the voice that came from the other side of the phone. His expression was gentle and very kind, overflowing with affection and love.



「He looks like a completely different person than when he was at the other world.」



「He looks like the former Nagumo-kun isn't he?」



Ryutaro and Suzu didn't even hide their astonishment. They whispered such thing with wide eyes.



「Though he looks far more adult compared to that time.」



「Somehow, he feels like a real "father".」



「Looking at him like that, certainly that's true.」



「Thinking carefully, a classmate being a father is really out there.」



Nana and Taeko were looking at Hajime with smiling expression that was filled with warm and fluffy admiration. Atsushi, Akito, and Noboru were also the same. Yue and others too, they must be used to seeing this side of Hajime because they were staring at their beloved with an extremely soft expression.



Before long Hajime finished his phone call and returned. It seemed that he was taken aback that everyone was watching him, but he immediately guessed the reason. He averted his gaze somewhat embarrassingly while sitting back on the sofa.



「It's souvenir request from Myuu. Do you all remember how we promised before we depart that each one of us will give her one souvenir?」



「……Nn. If I remember right, anything is fine, but something lasting will be better than food she said.」



「She said that there is nothing she particularly want in the house but……Myuu-chan, was there something she wanted?」



「Yeah, it seems she really want "something rare". Also, she made a bet with Kaa-san about who will give her the rarest and also the most interesting souvenir. Looks like there will be a return present from Myuu that is filled with her gratitude for the first place.」



Thinking with common sense, in that kind of time someone should say 'What's with a little child making a bet!', but for those who knew about the mother(criminal) of Nagumo family, it was something usual. In the first place, it was already too~ late when there were also others teaching that child how to handle firearm and lethal weapon, and even combat skill.



Now then, regarding the present that would be given as token of appreciation from the princess of Nagumo family.



Hajime's gaze was really provocative. His state was openly being a doting parent that seemed to say「Well, Myuu's number one is always me though」 without hiding it. The color of the eyes of Yue and others changed toward that provocation.



「……Hajime. You are too conceited. I'll show you proof that for Myuu, Hajime isn't always the number one.」



「For a girl, there is point that can only be understand by another girl desu. After all my father too once confidently gave me present that I was trouble about how to react to it.」



「That's troubling isn't it? The mistaken impression of father who think "If it's girl then surely they will be happy with this". Just what did he mean by giving me something like assassin blade?」



「Shizuku-chan……did Oji-san(uncle) really gave you something like that as present?」



「Or rather, Shizushizu. I think the troubling point isn't the "father's mistaken impression", but Shizushizu's own family themselves.」



Yue stood up. It seemed she was going to scour through shops. Sightseeing areas were also abundant with souvenir, but the request was for "something rare". Perhaps there would be something like that in his inn's shop.



Thinking to follow that action, Shia and others also stood up and they headed toward the shop while scrambling to be the first to arrive. Nana and Taeko were following behind them saying「It's getting more and more interesting~」.



There, Atsushi went



「Could it be, if we also buy souvenir that Myuu-chan recognize, that means it will be our victory against Nagumo……」



Hearing that, Akito and Noboru looked at each other. Ryutaro grinned.



「Smearing mud on Nagumo's invincible and undefeated legend……that sounds hot blooded no matter what kind of shape the victory is yeah!」



「Even if we cannot win physically, we can win in sense of souvenir huh……that might be acceptable!」



「Yosh, let's get going too!」



Ryutaro and others also got heated up for some reason and they rushed toward the shop.



It seemed that the princess of Nagumo family would be presented with a lot more tribute than expected.



When he noticed Hajime was alone on the sofa. He smiled wryly and went 'good grief' while taking out several souvenirs that he impulsively bought today. Most of them were small articles like key holder and the like.



Hajime was a type of person who for some reason couldn't help but buy meaningless and hard to place thing like pennant and so on. If it was curious small articles than it was even more so.



Like that, he lined up the small articles on the table and scrutinized whether there was anything that could attract Myuu's interest, it was then,



「……Eh? Where are Nana and others?」



Yuka returned. Her brown hair that usually wasn't particularly tied or decorated was currently worn in fluffy braid that was gently hanging on her shoulder. Perhaps because she had just got out of bath, also coupled with her relaxed atmosphere and eyes that were filled with enthusiasm, she looked younger than usual.



Hajime talked about the battle of souvenir for Myuu.



「Ahaha, I see. But, I don't think there will be anything that can satisfy Myuu-chan in hotel's shop though……」



「Half of their motivation must be looking for side entertainment. Sitting and chatting is also not bad, but this is a school trip that is rare to come by after all.」



「Then, perhaps I should join in too. And, what are you doing Nagumo?」



「Me? I'm sorting the unclear small articles that I was buying without realizing it today, while also scrutinizing if there is something that will make Myuu happy among them.」



「What do you mean buying without realizing it huh? You're talking like a spendthrift there.」



「It's a bad habit I inherited from my mother. I'm properly putting on the brake if it's something expensive, but when I saw cheap and unusual small thing, my hand would unconsciously reached out.」



「Aa, come to think of it, Yue-san and others talked about it I think. Nagumo you, eerr, what was it again, you like pointless technology? Something that is pointlessly pointless? Something like that they said.」



「Do you mean, pointlessly refined pointless technology without any pointlessness? The way you said it just now, it was already something simply pointless.」



「You attached "pointless" at the technology there, so in the end it's still pointless isn't it?」



「……」



Hajime lost the argument. Hajime's lips closed tightly and formed a thin line, inside his heart he was making a meager objection「Perhaps it's pointless but, it's romance. Exactly because it's pointless that life is interesting」.



Hajime fell silent so the conversation cut off.



There, Yuka suddenly noticed. The sofa space that was fairly spacious had suddenly become barren of people, while the surrounding was deserted. At slight distance away, Aiko was stuffing her cheeks with absurdly sweet sweets together with the rookie bus guide without the slightest care in the world.



In other word, right now, it was a situation where it was mostly just the two of them……



「……」



Yuka's gaze wandered around. *fidget fidget, fidget fidget*. She twirled and toyed around the tip of her braided brown hair.



Suddenly Yuka lost any calm and she conscientiously fixed the cuff and collar of her yukata meaninglessly. Hajime directed a questioning expression toward such Yuka. But, his thinking immediately turned like「Well, doesn't matter」 and he called out to Yuka.



「Hey, Sonobe.」



「! ……What?」



For some reason Yuka-chan replied with a piercing glare.



「No, why do you suddenly snap?」



「I don't snap. I'm normal. I'm so relaxed you won't be able to believe it.」



「I, I see. Well, that's fine but……rather than that, among these things, in your opinion, which one of them a girl's sense will want?」



When she dropped her gaze on the table, strange objects were lining up there. They were small articles with shape that were really hard to describe. It wasn't like they didn't look like living thing, but at the very least they weren't based on existing living thing. If she had to say, were they apparition model or something?



「I want to refuse receiving any of them with my whole being.」



「Don't forget the prerequisite of the present being something rare. Make your judgment based on that.」



「Ee~. Even if you told me that, I can only call them disgusting though……」



What's with these things? Just from looking at those numerous small articles made her felt uneasy. She wondered since when Hajime purchased this kind of weird things.



Furthermore, he was thinking to present this kind of object X to his beloved daughter. Yuka spontaneously sent a suspicious gaze to Hajime.



「Hey, Nagumo. Let me ask, right now, we are talking about souvenir for Myuu-chan right?」



「That's right, why?」



「I won't say anything bad. Go to Kaori and get yourself healed right away. Especially your head.」



「What do you mean by that, huh?」



The glaring gaze of Hajime and Yuka collided with each other.



Yuka let out a sigh, then she began to stare at all the object X while groaning 'uu~n'. The more she looked at them, the more she felt unease welling up inside her for some reason.



「This one. This slime thingy. Isn't this the most better? Like, it's disgustingly cute, or it barely can allow you to trick yourself?」



「The most better, doesn't that mean that it's not the rarest? Or rather, is it that bad that you need to trick yourself?」



「Anyway, if Myuu-chan is happy when you give her this, then I think you should open a grand family meeting with all your strength to discuss it.」



「……I see.」



Hajime-san didn't look like he could accept it. In the end, he kept aside the object X that Yuka called「I don't want to even see it!」 as the tentative souvenir candidate.



And then, he quietly held out the slime thingy toward Yuka.



「……What?」



「I'll give it to you as the consultation fee.」



「Did you listen to what I said?」



Yuka's extremely reproachful glare conveyed how she refused to accept it. Toward that, Hajime said「I guess that's so」 laughingly while he took back his hand that was holding the slime thingy. It seemed that he was joking.



Yuka stroked down her chest in relieve.



But,



「……Sonobe? So you actually want it just as I thought?」



「Eh?」



Yuka was puzzled by what Hajime said. When she turned her gaze, without her noticing her own hand was placed on Hajime's hand that was pulling back the slime thingy. It was as though she was reluctant to let go of the present that Hajime expressly offered to her.



Yuka's face softly blushed.



「Eerr, this is, that……」



*mutter mutter*. *fidget fidget*.



Honestly speaking, she could assert that the slimy thingy object X was disgusting.



However, still. This was that Nagumo Hajime they were talking about. That person gave it to her. Though tentatively speaking, it wasn't like it was the first present he gave her what with the various equipment like artifacts, telepathic communication device, and so on that he gave her to deal with the situation when they had just returned home.



Although, if one had to say than those things were "provision". They were a bit different from "present".



「Well, I'll give it to you if you are fine with it……so, do you want it?」



With a doubtful expression, Hajime tried confirming it once more with Yuka.



Yuka's gaze busily swam around, after that she gave a small nod.



The presentation ceremony of Objext X: Slime thingy.



Yuka looked alternately at Hajime and that thing that was placed on her palm, then she spoke her thanks「Thank you」 with a small voice. Hajime's expression turned even more doubtful.



Hajime began to sort the other object X while keeping silent, while Yuka was staring closely at the slime thingy once more.



And then, her mouth slackened slightly.



「……Yu, Yuka-chi is, staring at something disgusting while grinning happily!」



「Yu, Yuka? You okay? Are you tired?」



Nana and Taeko who returned without anyone noticing were staring at Yuka with fear and unease in their expression. Certainly, it was only natural that they would get worried if their friend was grinning while staring at hard to describe object.



「Eh, wai-, that's not-. This is, that's-」



Yuka stood up with bright red face while still holding the slime thingy, then she stepped toward Nana and Taeko to make excuse.



Nana and Taeko retreated backward in proportion with the step forward Yuka took.



Yuka stood still. Nana and Taeko also stopped retreating.



Yuka took a step forward. Nana and Taeko took a step back.



Yuka was slowly approaching. Nana and Taeko were slowly backing away.



A vein emerged on Yuka's forehead. She dashed forward fiercely. Her two best friends escaped away like rabbit on fire.



「Why are you two running awaaay!?」



「Because you're carrying something strange thereee!」



「Nooo! Don't get closeee!」



The three close friends vanished inside the inn.



「……They're exaggerating.」



Hajime was staring at the remaining object X while letting out a faintly sad whisper.



By the way, when he showed it to Yue and others too, don't mention giving it too Myuu, he was even prohibited from showing it to her. As expected, it seemed those things possessed disgustingness that couldn't be described.



It also became obvious when the rookie bus guide who had accomplished recovery from finishing her sugar content replenishment passed through and saw the armful of object X Hajime was carrying, she raised a shrike 「Kuee~~」 that sounded like an ominous bird before she fainted.



The rookie bus guide who slept like a log until the next morning of course had her memory blown away from the shock.



There was time when her mental state was driven to a dangerous state, but it seemed last night she saw a happy dream where she ate a candy house to her heart content, so her condition was extremely excellent.



Her mental self-defense and recovery power was tremendously capable.



――Rookie bus guide's SAN value 52



Throughout all those, where Hajime and others sometimes had fun, sometimes went through craziness, sometimes escaped from reality, and sometimes concealed an uproar with their all while digesting the school trip program, currently they were sitting silently inside the bus that was returning home while musing about the memory they made.



Several students were relaxing flaccidly and entered a light sleep. Aiko-sensei was completely traveling into the world of dream. Her mouth was mumbling 'munya munya' while drool was dripping in her deep sleep. She must have anxiety piling up inside her.



「Nevertheless, just what in the world that person is?」



Shia was starting on that topic from her seat in the back that was near the window.



「Aah, that woman who came talking to us at Ujibashi Bridge huh.」



「……She was really beautiful but, she might be a bit similar with Kaori.」



When it was time for free activity, Hajime and others went to Ujibashi Bridge. While Hajime and co were harmoniously having fun there, that woman was there without anyone noticing. The unfamiliar beauty was sending them dark gaze and whispered 「How envious……」 while approaching them.



Ten out of ten people would surely turn around seeing that woman's beautiful face, so Kaori felt a bit bashful hearing what Yue said――



「……with how ill that woman felt.」



「I'm not ill! I'm in perfect health!」



Yue and Kaori sat with Hajime between them, but they grappled with both their hands locked with each other through Hajime.



「Rather than that, Hajime. You really don't know that person? The other side know about you though.」



Shizuku left alone Yue and Kaori who were raising their friendship physically and asked Hajime.



Just as Shizuku said, when that beauty who approached with a dangerous look arrived at a distance where her hand could reach, her eyes opened wide as though she noticed something and she began to stare hard at Hajime. And then, neglecting the bewildered Hajime and co, the beauty nodded as though in understanding of something and whispered 「For us to meet in this kind of place……」.



「No, I don't remember her at all. But, from what she said at the end there, that's」



――I'll turn a blind eye in deference to that child



That child……"A child" that was related with Hajime.



「Actually, a while ago I made a minor Crystal Key for Myuu. It's so that she can come home right away no matter what happen. And then, one day that Myuu, she saw a special coverage of Kyoto in TV and the next day, she said 『That's right! I'll go to Kyoto nano!』, and she went strolling alone. Such thing happened before.」



「……I, is that so. Wait, you let her go alone?」



「More accurately, she only left a letter which said that and went as she pleased.」



「What a light footwork.」



Shizuku showed a dry smile. But, at the same time she guessed what Hajime wanted to say.



In other words, at that time, Myuu attracted a strange thing again, and on top of that she easily formed friendly relationship with them.



「I'm curious. That woman, was she human or not?」



「Sto, stop it. I'm getting goosebumps here.」



Not just Shizuku, even Kaori who was in the middle of conflict and Shia shuddered from chill.



「Because remember, a woman clad in disturbing atmosphere like that, and yet I couldn't detect her until she approached in that close range? This me couldn't detect her.」



「No, now that Hajime-san said it, I also didn't notice her desuu!」



Kaori and Shizuku felt shuddering chill on their back. Though it seemed only Yue who didn't think much about it.



「Well, even if she is really Myuu's "friend", she pulled back because of that, so I don't think there is any reason to make this that big of a problem.」



Hajime concluded like that, but inside his heart he was at his wits' end. A speech of 「Don't pick up that kind of thing! Return it to where you found it!」 toward children was something relatively common, but in Myuu's case, it was really "that kind of thing". She only ever found "something" with true identity that hadn't been grasped yet.



As a papa, he wondered how far he should interfere with his daughter's strange friend relationship. It was a problem that gave him terrible headache.



Perhaps noticing the inside of Hajime's heart, Yue began to pat Hajime's head to comfort him.



The atmosphere inside the bus was laid-back.



The time flowed peacefully like that, and by the time there was only around one hour until they arrived, Kentarou suddenly yelled.



「Se, sensei! Ai-chan-senseiii! Kousuke isn't here!」



「What did you sayyyy!?」



Aiko who was fast asleep leaped up.



'Again in this timing!?' The inside of the bus was thrown into uproar.



「E, err Hatayama-sensei? Is there one student who isn't here?」



Even the drowsy rookie bus guide also asked uneasily. Aiko told the rookie bus guide 「I'll confirm it!」 before she raised her voice.



「Everyo~~ne! Look around you rea~lly carefully! Check that perhaps Endo-kun is in place like a crack or something! Or perhaps, he is right beside you but you just don't notice him! Is he holding on the roof, or maybe he is hanging down under the bus!?」



――Rookie bus guide's SAN value 49



The students looked every which way. Commotion like 「That guy Aby did it again」, 「Wait, did you ever see that guy in the middle of the school trip?」, 「Eh, come to think of it I didn't see Endo-kun at all……」, or 「As expected from the lord huh」 could be heard.



The conclusion,



「Ai-chan-sensei! Kousuke isn't here!」



「Ee!? What to do!? Come to think of it, when it was time for roll-call, I don't remember calling Endo-kun's name! Uu, this is teacher's responsibility……」



The lord who was forgotten even at the roll-call. Aiko felt responsible and she turned pale and she blew up her fuse. She impulsively began to speak to the driver to turn back the bus.



But before she could finish, Hajime raised his voice.



「For now, let's try calling his phone and ask him where he is. If needed then I'll bring him back here.」



「Hajime-kun……I'm sorry to trouble you.」



Aiko sent Hajime a teary gaze as though she was staring at the messiah. Hajime waved his hand lightly in response and told Aiko 「Don't worry about it. Against the Abyss Lord, it can't be helped that you completely forgot.」



Hajime called the phone. A beat later, it seemed Kousuke answered his phone.



「Oi, Endo. Where are yo――eh? What did you say? It's pretty noisy over there I cannot hear you. Ha? What are you saying…………………」



After a long silence, Hajime suddenly switched his smartphone into speaker mode.



Immediately, explosive sound resounded from the other side of the phone.



『I'm telling you-, right now, I'm in the middle of battle against an unknown group! Shit-, what the hell, these guys!』



「「「「「……」」」」」



Not just Hajime, all the classmates simultaneously made expression that seemed to say 「Uwaaa」.



Right after that, a voice of a girl that sounded childish somehow resounded.



『Endo-sama! Just leave me behind! Their objective is me! Please escape by yourself!』



『You think I can just say 'ok, bye' and left behind a child in this kind of place! Wait, what? Talisman? What are you planning taking out that kind of――wait, that's a lie right!? Onmyouji-, are you an onmyouji!? I saw this kind of scene in a movie before! Dowah, that's dangerous! You asshole, something like fantasy is just cowardly!』



'Which mouth is saying that huh', such straight man retort entered the heart of Hajime and co.



『Shit-, enemy reinforcement!』



『Endo-sama, I'm already……』



『Don't worry about it, just shut up! I was shocked, but just something like this is no problem――kuku-, I don't know the circumstance but, ganging up on a child like this, that nature of yours is something that I really cannot stomach. It looks like you lowlifes are in need of education huh.』



『Endo-sama?』



『Fuh. I'm not Endo. Call me like this. Kousuke E Aby――』



There the call cut off *pushu*. Hajime was the one who cut it off.



Inside the bus was silent as grave. In the middle of that, Hajime carefully put back his smartphone inside his pocket and then spoke as though nothing had happened.



「Sensei. There's no problem.」



「I think you're right. Haa, I'm glad.」



Aiko-sensei sat down on her seat snugly after saying that. The other students too were also as expected, they sat down again as though nothing had happened.



Inside the bus that had recovered its peaceful atmosphere, only one person,



「……uboa」



After hearing the incomprehensible thing from the other side of the phone call, and seeing the weird atmosphere that accepted that happening as common sense, the rookie bus guide was injured with mental damage and left behind a weird groan.



Omake(Extra)



The rookie bus guide safely weathered the school trip of the "returnees" and she received a welcome like the hero's triumphal return at her workplace.



The senior bus guide who pushed the responsibility this time to her suddenly noticed the keyholder that was attached on the rookie bus guide's bag. It was a really beautiful crystal that had geometrical circle pattern engraved within it.



「My, it's a beautiful accessory. I don't remember, was it already there from before?」



「No. Actually this is a present from the students of the school trip this time. They said it's their thanks for everything.」



「Myy! That's great! There are various rumor about them, so I wondered whether something might happen, but for them to give that kind of present to show their gratitude, it seems that rumor is just a rumor isn't it?」



'So you pushed this responsibility to me even after knowing about those rumors……'



The rookie bus guide had such thought while putting a smile on the outside. If it was now she felt like she could unleash the greatest right straight of her life.



Urged by the superior, their talk ended. The rookie bus guide who took her own seat breathed out 「fuu」 while taking the crystal keyholder in her hand once more.



And then, she recalled about what she was told when she received this present.



「At time when you really need help, if you take this into your hand and strongly thought then you will have help, huh……those students, they looked really full of confidence but……is this thing really that effective?」



She dangled it at the height of her eye and stared at the dazzling crystal for a while.



Like that, the rookie bus guide giggled, and then with a very small voice so that no one could hear――



「I wish that I won't encounter any evil god or mythological being anymore.」



She still didn't understand whether this thing really had any effect or not.



AN: Thank you very much for reading this every time.



Thank you very much too for the thoughts, opinions, and reports about misspelling and omitted words.



I wrote an idle story with length of just a few chapters, but the result was that it almost entered a long arc after story again.



Please take care of Arifureta from here on too!





Chapter 285




Inside one of the room in Nagumo house, *scratch scratch* the sound of a fountain pen composing letters was resounding faintly.



There was a chair and desk that was made from glossy wood. The one who was sitting snugly on that chair writing into some kind of notebook with leather cover was Yue.



For a while, the scratching sound resounded wordlessly, sometimes, Yue threw her gaze to empty air thinking of something and smiled a for just a smidgen before she began to write *scratch scratch* once more.



Before long it seemed she was satisfied already. Yue put down her fountain pen carefully, then she stretched her back while moaning 'u~~~n'.



It was the time before going to bed, so Yue was wearing negligee. Her white smooth limbs were stretched tautly while getting exposed generously.



「……Nn. This is it for today.」



She whispered with a small voice before hopping down *pyon* from the chair where her feet didn't reach the floor.



The room of Nagumo house that was assigned to Yue was the room with the calmest atmosphere in a sense. Perhaps it could even be said that it was "solemn".



There was basically only wooden furniture with aged feeling in it, so the coloring also possessed depth that was calming and natural. To call it as a room of a historical European mansion was an appropriate expression for it.



In fact the kind of furniture and furnishing inside Yue's room were mostly antique. Yue who was pleased with the antique in earth went around to gather them from here and there while it also doubled as her date with Hajime.



Even the fountain pen was something with a value that couldn't be obtained with simple mean.



By the way, the rooms of Shia, Remia, and Myuu were room of very modern style. Their room was overflowing with the latest thing rather than old thing. Tio was making her room to be purely Japanese-style. As for Hajime, putting aside his own room, his underground workshop (it mostly doubled as his own room) was in a state that closely resembled the lab of Tony ○tark.



It was only Yue's room that had the atmosphere as though one was lost in middle age Europe, but conversely it felt calming. Not only Hajime, but the people of Nagumo house really frequently would aimlessly visit Yue's room and relaxed there.



Hajime and some other were thinking if a fireplace should just get created inside Yue's room. They were also thinking, that going around antique shop and auction throughout the world with Yue searching for seemingly good fireplace would also be nice.



At Yue's room that was becoming a place for relaxation and refreshment like that in a different sense from the living room, it seemed that a guest also visited tonight.



*knock knock* A small knocking sound could be heard, then,



「Yue-oneecha~n. It's Myuu nano. Can I come in?」



The voice of Nagumo family's youngest princess could be heard. When Yue permitted her entry, Myuu who was wearing negligee that seemed matching with Yue came in.



「……Myuu. What's the matter?」



「Err see, there is something I want to ask Yue-oneechan nano.」



'What could it be?' Yue tilted her head in puzzlement while inviting Myuu on her bed. They sat side by side on the bed's edge and Yue urged Myuu to continue with her gaze.



「You see, Yue-oneechan. ――"In this world there is nothing that can excel continuously. Whether talent or education cannot excel continuously. Continuity and determination themselves are the absolute power" nano.」



Myuu said such thing with a stiff expression. Seeing such Myuu, Yue thought, 'This child, just what is she suddenly saying I wonder'.



「……Ee~rr, Myuu?」



「――"The secret to make dream come true is summarized into four. Those are curiosity, confidence, courage, and then continuity" nano.」



「Ah, yes.」



Seeing the little girl proclaiming something that seemed to be a wise saying with stiff and slackless expression, the vampire princess became faltering. As though to deal the finishing blow to such vampire princess, the little girl talked even more vehemently.



「――"Putting into diary your's own thinking, experience, idea, and what you learn, will surely improve the clarity and accuracy of your intelligence" nano.」



So that meant,



「Yue-oneechan! Myuu is going to keep a diary nano!」



「……How did it become like that.」



While thinking that Myuu was likely getting influenced by some kind of television program, Yue finally guessed the reason of Myuu's visit tonight.



「Yue-oneechan. A diary, what is a good way to write it nano?」



「……Nn~」



It seemed that it was something like that just as she thought. In short, when Myuu actually tried to write a diary, she didn't understand the way to write it, and so she came to ask Yue who had been keeping diary for a long time.



Yue showed a thinking gesture for a bit before answering.



「……There is no particular rule. Myuu can just write what happened and what you thought about in that day as it is however Myuu like it.」



「Yue-oneechan. ――"When you're asked what do you want for dinner? Answering anything is fine is the most troublesome answer" nano. Answering question with "whatever you like" or "as it is" is the most troubling answer nano.」



「……I'm sorry.」



Myuu was finding fault at her! Yue reflexively apologized because of the excessive shock!



At this rate the dignity of "Yue-oneechan" would fall to the ground. That alone had to be firmly prevented no matter what.



Yue was feeling flustered in her heart against Myuu's *jii~* fixed unblinking gaze while trying to deduce the optimum answer, but it was the fact that there was no fixed rule in writing diary. She wondered how to explain about that……



The point was, it was fine even if it was something vague, but Myuu wanted an image, some kind of approximation like it was fine if she wrote it like this, and so on.



Yue who gave up explaining using words was bluntly speaking a bit embarrassed, but she then suggested a desperate measure to break out of this deadlock, thinking that it might be fine if it was Myuu.



「……Just now I was also writing in my diary, do you want to look if you're fine with mine?」



「Nn! Nano!」



Myuu imitated Yue's favorite phrase in her happiness. Perhaps from the start that was her objective. With a wry smile Yue took the diary above her desk into her hand.



Myuu seemed to be greatly looking forward to it because she was staring at the thick leather-covered diary with sparkling gaze.



Yue showed a bit of thinking gesture, then she activated metamorphosis magic. Faint golden magic power light enveloped Yue, the right after that, the grown adult Yue appeared there.



The length of the negligee became drastically short, which greatly swelled up her bewitching charm. Even if the person herself didn't intend it, but she was a peerless beauty who just by being there could make anyone into her prisoner without differentiating gender. Of course, Myuu was only raising voice of admiration 「Oo!」 though.



「……Myuu, sit on my lap.」



「Yes nano!」



Yue sat on the bed while tapping on her thighs. Myuu then leaped on them as though she had been waiting for it. *moni moni* She adjusted the placing of her butt searching for the best position.



And then, *fui~* strength left her body and she entrusted her head on Yue's voluptuous breast. Yue floated a smile that was filled with affection toward such Myuu and hugged her tightly from behind. She opened the diary on Myuu's lap.



「……First, how about from――October last month?」



When Yue suggested to show the recent month of her diary, Myuu quickly nodded repeatedly. It seemed that she wanted to read Yue's diary no matter what.



Yue let out a chuckle while opening the page that was the beginning of last month.



――October x Day



When waking up early, Shia was swinging Doryukken wholeheartedly.



It was while she was raising her voice 「Flatten flatten! Squashed flat!」.



Honestly, it was scary. I was thinking what kind of horror right from the morning.



Because, the cheek of Shia who was smiling wide had something red splattered on it, what's more, on Shia's feet there was Tio who was trembling all over while holding her hand……



'Surely, she is trying to beat Tio to death for a joke', was what I thought.



It was lucky that there was the millstone for pounding mochi that was often seen at New Year, but if it wasn't there, I think there was no doubt that there would be a yell of 「Kyaaaa, it's murdereeeer」.



When I asked why she was hitting mochi and Tio right from the morning, Shia replied with 「What are you saying, Yue-san. Yesterday night didn't we talk about viewing the moon today?」.



Certainly, there was such talk.



Moon viewing――the custom to eat mochi while gazing at moon when it's the day of full moon.



I think that it's a custom with really good taste.



Night came. I, Hajime, Okaa-sama, Otou-sama, Shia, Tio, Remia and Myuu, then Kaori and Shizuku, and Aiko joined. The moon viewing at the house's yard began.



The mochi was delicious. The soft and sticky texture was irresistible. As expected from something that was made from Tio's sacrifice. Although, as expected I wished to be spared from mochi that is mixed with the blood of a pervert dragon……



I who is sensitive with the taste of blood didn't actually feel the taste of blood, so I wish to believe that no impure thing was mixed inside the mochi.



Putting that aside, the moon was really beautiful. It resembled the moon in Tortus, but there is also slight difference.



Especially the silhouette of rabbit pounding mochi on the moon.



Myuu said 「There is Shia-oneechan!」. Her figure making rabbit ears on her head with her hands while hopping up and down was the ultimate cuteness. Especially when Shia joined in and they went pyon pyon together. Of course, I took picture. It's collector version.



Hajime told Myuu an old story regarding the rabbit on the moon.



Rabbit-san embodied self-sacrifice and devotion…….



The content sound like a moving tale in general, but for me it's a story that I'm unable to stomach.



I heard that the rabbit had comrade. Why didn't that comrade stop the rabbit? He didn't search for the old man's food together with the rabbit?



If other say that it's only a story then that'll be the end of it, but if it's me, I won't let the rabbit throw his body into the fire no matter what.



I won't hand over my Shia to anyone!



While inside my heart the moon rabbit and Shia are mixing, Hajime pat my head. It seemed that I was seen through. His eyes were really gentle, furthermore he was staring focused on me, so I almost assaulted him then and there.



Good grief! Hajime is an outrageously dangerous character. Because he almost destroyed my reasoning right away.



Anyway, after I finish writing this diary I'll go charging into Hajime's room.



Returning to the story, I like the moon of earth where rabbit is living more than the one at Tortus. Putting aside that it's a folk tale, putting "moon and rabbit" together, right, I think it's really good.



My name, "Yue" that means moon. In the past, at the bottom of abyss, it was the name Hajime gave to me.



Hajime said, inside the darkness, I looked like a moon, so he named me that.



Yes, he gave me the name that represent such beautiful moon that illuminate the night sky tonight.



……It's impossible. I cannot hold it anymore. Barrier preparation OK. Recovery medicine OK. Fighting spirit at climax!



The time has come, to Hajime's room, charge!



「Say, Yue-oneechan. What was it that you cannot endure there?」



「……Myuu will understand when you get a little older.」



'Nmyu?' Myuu tilted her head. Come to think of it, the next day after the moon viewing, Hajime-papa seemed like he was losing weight……thinking back Yue at that time was all smile with bewitching air. Myuu somehow read the atmosphere and stayed quiet.



「Yue-oneechan.」



「……Nn?」



After a short silence, Myuu asked looking vaguely uneasy.



「See, Myuu too doesn't really like that story. The rabbit-san dying is a no-no.」



「……Nn.」



「Shia-oneechan, is different from the moon's rabbit right?」



The source of her uneasiness was the same like Yue, it seemed she was mixing the rabbit in legend with their family's rabbit.



Yue hugged Myuu tiiiiiiightly, then she talked to her with a voice that was full of confidence.



「Completely different. If it's Shia she won't give up until the end. Our rabbit is the strongest rabbit after all, she will overcome any trouble no matter how hard it is, and send flying everything that stand in her way.」



「With Doryukken?」



「……Nn. With Doryukken.」



Myuu smiled joyfully. Yue also smiled joyfully.



Yue continued 「Besides……」



「Shia's moon is me. Different from the moon who is only watching. Even if she died I'll revive her no question asked, throwing her back to the earth.」



「Yu, Yue-oneechan……. But, in the story, the great god did that instead isn't it?」



「……I'll kill a god like that.」



「Ah, yes.」



In a rare occurrence, Myuu averted her eyes. It seemed she was unable to look straight at the Yue's gaze that was shining mysteriously. In fact, when thinking that this was the person who took part in godslaying, it didn't sound like a joke at all. If the heaven emperor-sama saw this vampire princess right now, he would like to hurriedly run away surely. (TN: In the raw it was Taishakuten, which translated mean Sakra devanam Indra, a deity of Hinduism, Jainism, and Buddhism)



Myuu showed a thinking gesture for a bit, then right after that her expression tensed up and she looked back at Yue.



「Myuu too, will get stronger and stronger nano. And then, Myuu will save the rabbit-san even if Myuu have to kill god nano!」



「……Nn! That's a good spirit! As expected, Myuu.」



It was the determination of the little girl who was in the process of inheriting all the technique from her cheat and bugged family. If the rabbit-san who was the symbol of self-sacrifice and devotion was here, surely it would yell 「Stooop! I won't throw myself away, so don't lay your hand on goood!」 with teary eyes undoubtedly.



Yue patted the head of Myuu who was smiling merrily, then Myuu begged Yue to go to the next page.



The page was flipped.



――October ○ Day



Tomorrow, it seems that Kaori will come here. I have to prepare.



――October △ Day



That Kaori-. Suddenly firing disintegration bombardment at me, what a girl! The smartphone I carelessly dropped turned into dust!



Good grief, what a horrible story I think. Even though I only put a little trap, that teleported her to adult shop the instant she entered this house's ground.



But well, she became teary eyed so let's stop here. I'll share my dinner's side dish with her.



「Yue-oneechan……」



「……Wha, what?」



An exasperated gaze that was unthinkable to be coming from Myuu! Large damage to Yue's mind!



Myuu stared for a while at Yue who averted her gaze desperately, as though she wanted to say 「Geez, good grief」. But then Myuu shrugged her shoulders and returned her gaze to the diary as though nothing happened. (TN: The 'geez, good grief' in the raw was worded 'yareyare daze', anyone can suggest a better translation for this?)



Not having anything said to her became an additional blow instead. Yue became teary eyed.



The page was flipped.



――October □ Day



It's sudden, but I'm thinking to try working part-time. That thing called short-term part-time.



I hear that at the end of the month there will be Halloween. During our journey at Tortus, I heard about it from Hajime once.



In the past, it seemed there was a Halloween gathering in the school, at that time, he was approached by Kaori who was wearing lewd nekomata costume, and Hajime was greatly, realy grea~~~~~tly troubled. Good grief, that secretly lecherous Kaori-.



A Halloween party will also be held in our house with Okaa-sama's suggestion.



Perhaps, surely, without a doubt, I think that Kaori will come displaying her secretly lecherous nature to the extreme.



I have to prepare!



And so, I'm thinking to prepare some kind of costume too. Of course, it won't be a mass-produced party goods, but a handmade first-class goods.



It's a rare chance, so I also want to prepare some kind of present……



Let's prepare present for everyone. ……And not to forget Kaori's share too. After all if it's only her who get left out, surely Kaori will cry.



Come to think of it, when we went shopping together before this, there was a hairpin that she was fixed on right? ……Nn, let's make it that, and do that. The price will swell up a bit, but she was making wanting face like that. Good grief, what a greedy person that troubles other.



The money is a bit insufficient with just pocket money to gather present for everyone. I also cannot make Hajime give me the money because it's present from me.



And so, I'm going to challenge doing part-time that I has been interested at since before.



Hmmm, it's secret from everyone so I cannot ask them advice. The first part-time work……I'm excited.



「Yue-oneechan, you like Kaori-oneechan too much nano!」



「……I, it's not like I like her!」



When Myuu pointed out, even though Yue-sama was in adult version, she was shaken up like a child.



She was desperately denying it, but because Myuu understood quite distinctly from the diary that Yue's mentality was like an elementary schooler who wanted to tease someone that he liked, Myuu was looking at Yue as though she was watching a charming thing.



Yue's cheeks were getting increasingly redder and she hurriedly flipped to the next page.



――October ◇ Day



My first part-time work was proctoring an exam of a middle school.



There wasn't many kind of short-term part-time work for one day. This work is what I could immediately get.



As expected, a problem might come up if my height is like usual, so I used metamorphosis magic properly so that I looked like at my twenty before going.



I was wearing a casual suit, stood in front of the students, and distributed the exam paper. I also couldn't forget to give pointer. Even the students who were clamorous turned serious and sat quietly when it was time.



There was only the tick-tock sound of the clock's hand advancing and the scratching sound of the students filling the exam paper echoing in the silent period.



……It was boring. Very much so. To the level that I regret it a bit.



Can't be helped, I tried to think for a bit.



Yes, I am Yue-sensei. A female teacher who will devote my body and soul completely only to one student!



The student is of course, Hajime.



Yue-sensei will give special lesson after school.



A classroom illuminated with setting sun where there will be only the two of us inside……



Hajime who keep glancing at me and cannot concentrate……



I will warn such Hajime while slowly――



「……Myuu, wait. We will skip this part.」



「Why? I want to see nano! What is Yue-sensei doing to papa nano!? "Slowly" doing what nano!?」



「……For goodness's sake, don't ask further than that……」



Imitating a student, Myuu raised her hand energetically saying 「Yes!」 and questioned.



Yue-sensei couldn't answer. She covered her face with both hands and shook her head in refusal. The ears and neck that couldn't be hidden were blushing bright red.



By the way, Yue-sense at that time was overflowing with sensuality from her wild imagination. The minds of the healthy middle schoolers were greatly thrown out of order and it invited a tragic situation.



Just in case Yue had worn the recognition obstruction glasses, but even with that effect, the impression of 「There is absurdly erotic inspector!」 was engraved into the hearts of the middle schoolers.



Although it was external mock examination, but it was truly terrible thing to do to the important exam of the middle schoolers, but the person herself didn't realize it so she received her wage normally. She was truly an erotic-terrorist.



The page was flipped.



――October ☆ Day



Today I was doing my second part-time work.



For me who already has the experience of perfectly accomplishing a part-time work, it's not something to be feared anymore.



That was what I thought, but for some reason it didn't go well.



The part-time work was being a drama's extra character.



It was being that person who would sit behind the main character inside a café. It was a simple work where I only needed to wear outfit like office lady and drink coffee suitably.



That was how it should be.



When I noticed, I had job changed into the café's clerk while I was looking in blank amazement.



I was told that the female for the clerk role suddenly fell sick and couldn't come, and a need to raise a substitute in a hurry appear.



Based from the age, there was only me who seemed to be usable as the substitute right away.



So that I don't stand out, I also used metamorphosis magic to change my hair into black other than the recognition obstruction glasses, so I was picked from my plainness.



'Memorize it in three minutes!' The assistant who handed me some kind of script told me. I crammed it all and then the filming start.



Even though I did as I was told, they were nitpicking fault saying things like my voice is too lacking in intonation, or I'm too plain.



Incomprehensible.



Wasn't it forbidden to stand out in order to emphasize the main character……?



Take 2.



'Thank you for coming!' I fill such feeling into my voice a bit.



This time it seemed that my eyeglasses reflected the light. It couldn't be helped, so I did it one more time while paying attention to the light's angel, but then, the middle-aged man director suddenly came near me and told me to take off the glasses. I wanted to refuse, but this is also work. Following the instruction, I took off the glasses.



The middle-aged director stiffened. The uncle stared at me gogglingly. It was unpleasant so I thought to make lightning dragon, but I did my best and endured. I'm great.



Take 3 without glasses.



I went to the seat of the actor and actress and said my line. They should speak their order then, but both of them froze completely. They were staring at me without blinking. Oi, say your line quickly. How many times you want to repeat this take, was my thought.



When I brushed up my hair in a bit of irritation, even the other staffs turned noisy. From here and there voices like 「Which agency she is from?」「Her name?」「Terrific」「This ain't the level of extra ain't it」「Director, the actress is upstaged there!」 came……



The actress was staring at me with a dreadful look. I thought it was Kaori's Hannya-san.



As I thought, it's the glasses. When I turned toward the director, he was power walking toward me and questioned persistently. His breathing was rough and his eyes were bloodshot, it was terribly disgusting. He tried to touch, so that was the limit and I escaped after doing Smash.



Being unable to complete a job was really pathetic. Although, at that rate the shooting won't progress even with me there, so I think only this can't be helped.



It's still far away until the target amount of money……



I have to do more work!



「Yue-oneechan. At the TV before this, there was news 'A mysterious beautiful extra appeared! Please report if you happen to know her!'。There will be reward money for the one who catch her. Could it be……」



「……Am I a rare animal? I won't do that kind of work anymore. No way, no way.」



「Muu. Yue-oneechan appearing in TV……I wanted to see it nano.」



Seeing Yue shaking her head with rejecting expression, Myuu's expression turned a bit disappointed.



Although, if Yue appeared behind the TV, it would feel like there was a distance that way, so Myuu changed her mind thinking 'Well, doesn't matter'.



By the way, a certain director who got Smashed later made great advances as big sis director and became a world-famous director.



The page was flipped.



――October # Day



I tried doing part-time work distributing tissue.



No one accepted the tissue.



It couldn't be helped, so I used Divine Statement. Fuhahah, I finished giving out the tissue in five minutes!



「Yue-oneechan……」



「……Don't say anything, Myuu.」



Yue quietly averted her gaze from Myuu who was looking back across her shoulder.



――October ♪ Day



A part-time work of walking doggies are really healing. At the path home, a deviant appeared.



Wearing cross necklace and three sword thingy held between his fingers, he suddenly attacked.



I Smashed him and left him behind.



「Yue-oneechan! This part is written out so simply, but surely you were aimed at by really troubling people there nano!」



「……? What are you saying Myuu? Something like deviant is relatively a lot anywhere. It's not rare.」



「That person is absolutely not a deviant nano. Myuu think he was a pro who came for a vampire hunt nano.」



「……I don't really get it, but if he stand in my way then smashing is the only way.」



「Thinking carefully, there is no one except papa who can win against Yue-oneechan nano.」



Myuu sighed in relieve before she shook her head saying 「Nothing at all nano」 toward Yue who was tilting her head in puzzlement of what made caused Myuu to be that alerted. Myuu then urged to continue reading the diary.



――October ※ Day



I tried doing a bit incomprehensible work of substitutng to attend a wedding.



I think that something like blessing is better if received from people who actually want to give it but……



Anyway, it's for the sake of the bride.



I am Yue. A woman who bless with my all for the sake of a girl's happiness, even if it's an "unfamiliar friend"!



Unfortunately outside was raining, but so what. Little things like controlling the weather and generating rainbow of blessing is no big deal!



It went without saying that the venue was in great excitement.



「Yue-oneechan. Some time ago there was a large commotion because of the strange weather……」



「……It's no good to get fixated at trivial thing.」



「……Yes nano.」



Myuu became a bit wiser. Should be.



――October $ Day



I tried a part-time work of cleaning graveyard.



The chief priest was greatly shocked that the one who came for the work was a young female like me.



When I was sweeping, a family from somewhere came and stood for long in front of a grave. During that time, a person who seemed to be the daughter broke out crying, the person who seemed to be the mother and a person who seemed to be the big brother were desperately consoling her.



It seemed that there was something she wanted to tell to the dead person no matter what.



It was pitiful. Even though it was right before her eyes, but to be unable to convey her feeling……



I was unable to just watch and activated soul magic. The person who she wished for appeared in front of her. The family was taken aback from shock, even the dead person was surprised and screamed 「Hiih, what happened!?」, but at the end it looked like they were able to understand each other, and everything end well.



But, perhaps because of the influence of the activated soul magic, the ground of the graveyard became overflowing with evil spirits of rivers and mountains. A blunder.



It seemed they were somehow revitalized? And then they rampaged.



Even poltergeists were occurring.



Personally, I was feeling 'damn you'. Because, even though I've finally swept the ground!



I am Yue. A ghost buster who is merciless even against the dead!



I swept clean the grave, and also the evil spirit thingy lurking around there thoroughly. I felt really refreshed.



When going home, for some reason the chief priest was kneeling and praying to me though……



Just why in the world? How really mysterious.



「Yue-oneechan. Are you waiting for straight man retort nano?」



「……Myuu. I beg you, don't look at me like that……」



Myuu's exasperated gaze stabbed Yue. It felt like showing Myuu the diary also decreased the "Yue-oneechan's dignity" parameter steadily.



The page was flipped.



――October @ Day



There was Halloween party.



It seemed the information that Nagumo family will do Halloween party was leaked from somewhere, and the classmates charged Nagumo house.



As the participation fee, they prepared a throne and demon king costume for Hajime. The sight of the boys making self-satisfied look and Hajime's twitching expression left an impression. In the end, Hajime became great demon king and sat on the throne.



Shia wearing vampire costume was a surprise. Saying 「Today I'm matching with Yue-san desuu」, she made her fang sparkled while laughing. That figure, yep, I thought she is planning to kill me with moe.



What's more. Even Myuu was wearing vampire costume. Both of them approached me saying 「Blood~」「Blood nano~」. Both Shia and Myuu wer adorable!



I am Yue. A woman who will always welcome cute vampires!



As for Tio……perhaps she was a mummy woman I thought. Her whole body was wrapped all around with bandage after all.



……I think to the end it was a costume. Though she was twitching continuously while making expression of ecstasy. Right, surely it was nothing more than act. It also felt like Hajime brought her to the backyard before the party started but, it must be only my imagination.



Shizuku was in white kimono appearance. Perhaps she was costumed as ghost I think. But, midway, Suzu whose costume was a young witch made her wore pink mask. The sigh of her getting dumbfounded was funny as expected.



At the empire, masked pink is still talked as an urban legend, so certainly that must be horror. Perhaps the person herself is thinking that it's a black history, because the moment the mask was fixed, she fell down and hugged her knees.



Otou-sama was werewolf, and Okaa-sama was rabbit. It implicitly said that tonight Okaa-sama will be eaten by Otou-sama! I thought that it was that kind of meaning, but according to Okaa-sama, 「Bunny girl? What are you saying! That's not it! This is Hauria clan's costume!」 she said, so perhaps it was Otou-sama who would get hunted.



At any rate, they are intimate. I wish that I want me and Hajime to become husband and wife like them.



Next, Yuka was caught by the girls of the class and turned into magical girl. It was cute. Her trembling figure with magical stick in one hand and bright red face caused the class's boys to raise admiring voice spontaneously.



When Hajime made fun of her 「Magical girl Yuka-chan, is here!」, right away she yelled 「Nagumo you idioo~~~ttt-」 while rushing out, but……



Running through street at night with magical girl appearance……



Feels like the rumor will spread again.



Now then, about the last one, it was the problematic girl. Yes, the master of being secretly lecher that embodied "slyness", Kaori.



That girl, as expected, she really did it.



It seemed that after cat it was dog. She wore dog ears and tail and dressed like Shia when she was at Tortus. According to the girl herself, it seemed that it was a wolf girl costume, but I know the truth. That's a wordless appeal that she want to become Hajime's dog.



'This dog in heat-', I insulted. (TN: Actually if the raw is translated literally, I should use bitch there)



After that, 「Do, don't say strange thing! If you say that, Yue yourself is a female cat!」 she argued. What a remark. How cheeky. Just what is lewd from miniskirt costume attached with cat ears and tail? I can assert that this is a really modest costume compared to Shia's usual wear.



In the first place, it's not female cat. It's Yue-nyan. The nekomata Yue-nyan who Hajime cannot stop loving. The level. The level is different from the dog in heat Kaori.



Anyway, I repel doggy Kaori who is loitering around searching for her owner with cat punch while enjoying the Halloween party until the end. I think that it will be nice if next year we can do this again.



That aside, when I went to the backyard searching for Myuu who was gone in the middle of the party, Myuu was talking friendlily with someone wearing pumpkin head and mantel though……



Just who in the world was that?



「That person was Jack-san nano.」



Myuu casually answered the question written at the end of October's diary. Yue went 「Who?」 while tilting her head.



「……I know that. Because he wore the costume of Jack o Lantern right? That's not it, I'm asking who was inside the costume. When I asked later, everyone said that they didn't wear such costume.」



「?? Jack-san is Jack-san nano.」



「……E~rr?」



「Jack-san was a really bad person nano. He cannot go to both heaven and hell and is wandering in this world forever nano. He said that he is seriously reflecting. Right now he is doing good thing with his all nano. That's why, he became friend with Myuu nano.」



'What to do', Yue thought. In the end, was this that kind of "setting"? Or else, perhaps it was that. It couldn't be said as far as Myuu's "bad habit", but that troubling "disposition" of Myuu, was it calling out another something again……?



When looking at Myuu's serious face, Yue somehow felt that it was the case of the latter.



Yue's expression was turning troubled while deciding that he would report to Hajime later just in case. She then patted Myuu's head.



「……Anyway, a diary is something like this. Whether the way of the writing, the sentence amount, or the day you write it, it's okay if you write as you like it.」



「I somehow get it nano. Thank you, Yue-oneechan!」



It seemed that Myuu managed to get the image of a diary in her mind.



Yue wished that Myuu would write her own diary without stopping by all means. If Myuu did that, then perhaps she would be able to grasp more detail of Myuu's mysterious friendship.



After that, Myuu begged that she wanted to read Yue's diary when she was at Tortus, after Hajime's group parted with her, but it was already time to sleep, so Yue said that it would be for another time.



'I'm not sleepy nano!' Myuu insisted. It seemed that she was really pleased with "Yue's Diary". Though for Yue personally it was really embarrassing and damaging……



Even the strongest vampire princess couldn't win against the begging of the youngest princess of Nagumo family.



In the end, they finished the diary reading for this night and they ended up sleeping together on Yue's bed. From this day, Yue and Myuu would open diary reading group with just the two of them at night for quite a while.



AN: Thank you very much for reading this every time.



Thank you very much too for the thoughts, opinions, and reports about misspelling and omitted words.



It's After III from today.



There is no particular reason, but I'm just feeling like it.



Also, I want to write several chapters of brief story that will end up as long After.



PS



The comic version is updated.



Please go take a look if you like!



From Overlap-sama's homepage!





Chapter 286




Clear cloudless sky. Hot weather. Trees growing abundantly that it should be expressed as a dense forest. The large light brown river that was winding between it like a snake.



At a certain place in a certain country, along the river, two foreigners, a male and a female were traveling by foot on a path without pavement that was created by the passing of long year.



「Coming to this kind of place right from the middle of Japan's city make it feels like returning to Tortus isn't it? Well, this side is lovelier though simply with the lack of heavy mist covering it like in the sea of trees.」



「It more or less feels hotter than Haltina see of trees though.」



The two people walking the previously mentioned long road that perhaps would make one to express it as an "endless road" with light steps were Shia and Hajime.



Shia was unusually wearing her light blue white hair into a ponytail that was tied with a largish ribbon. Her lively footsteps made her hair and the rabbit ears that could only be seen by Hajime to prance around *pyon pyon* energetically. (The ribbon was an artifact, which made ordinary people unable to recognize the rabbit ears.)



Shia was wearing a plain cutter shirt with its sleeves rolled up, a short pants with short length, and short boots, while there was a large bag on her back. The rucksack had a mark of winking bunny on it seemed to make appeal that「This is Shia's property desu」.



Hajime was also dressed with a white simple cutter shirt and jeans. As expected, he was also carrying a large bag on his back.



「Hey, Shia. Is it no good if I take out Schutaif?」



Hajime suddenly asked. His gaze was directed to the sun blazing down on them, while his hand was wiping the faint sweat trickling on his forehead using the wristband on his wrist. The emotion of 「I don't want to walk anymore, troublesome!」 was oozing out together with the sweat.



Hajime suggested to move using a bike, however, Shia made an X -mark using her hands full of energy to show her rejection.



「No! We are rarely traveling just the two of us like this! Advancing so quickly like that is no good.」



「Even if you say that……」



「Geez. This act of meaningless walk, and also this surrounding with unchanging scenery of only dense forest and river, how can Hajime-san not enjoy them.」



「Because it's meaningless walk and the unchanging scenery that I want to ride on Schuteif……」



「Hajime-san you bean sprout kid! A travel is something done with public transportation or by your own feet!」



「Don't you say things like Aby――like Endo.」



Even though Hajime let out a long sigh 'haa', he raised both his hands in expression of surrender in roder to respond to Shia's wish.



In the first place, why was these two here at this kind of foreign land at the backwoods overflowing with nature that was unrelated with civilization.



「In the first place, if we are just going to search prospective land for Hauria clan's earth settlement, we can just find the optimum place using the Compass and teleport there using Crystal Key. Convenient tool is fundamentally forbidden in our travel this time desu! After all this is a date under the guise of searching prospective land!」



「I get it, I get it. After all it has been really long since it was just the two of us alone. This time I'll go along fully with your demand.」



In other words, it was like that.



Hauria clan who remained behind in Tortus was in the middle of steadily expanding in power even now. Taking down the empire, liberating slaves, heroic achievement in the legendary decisive battle……through all that, Hauria clan was abusing their name as the clan that was recognized by everyone as the strongest among the beastman.



Admiration, sympathy, flattery. There were various reasons, but naturally at present a lot of rabbit man clans were merging with Hauria clan. There were also a great number of people who while being of other race and yet they went down on their knees wanting to become Hauria clan's subordinate.



Their subordinates came from the kingdom, the dukedom, also the church, not to mention the empire territory too, furthermore there were even those from the south continent.



Like that, they finally wanted to put a base on earth too and came to Hajime for a consultation.



They said that eventually they wished to raise a secret clan that would serve Nagumo family even until its descendants.



Hajime plainly replied 「Eh? No need」, but Karm and others doggedly pushed the idea. Not just them, it was already the whole clan that was doggedly begging. 「It's for the future generations! Please let our clan stay at your side! Forever and ever at your side! Bossss!」 A group of middle-aged men with rabbit ears growing on their head were wailing while clinging on Hajime like that.



As the result, Hajime compromised. Because each time he went to Tortus, they appeared every time everywhere, the middle-aged rabbit-eared men staring at him with wanting eyes, or possibly moist sad eyes……



Hajime's heart couldn't endure.



「Rather, if they are going to move to this side, they can just live normally in the city. Just live in Japan directly.」



「Because there is Hauria's exclusive "gate" after all~. It doesn't matter where the base will be located, it won't be that much of a hindrance. As expected, the beastman will calm down the most in the middle of forest. Perhaps a savage land, no, that's going too far, but inside the forest in a developing country where people don't really go into will be especially good.」



「……Before long, it feels like the rabbit ear clan will get featured in TV like "Eyewitness testimony in an undeveloped land! Is it a new UMA!?".」



「Ahaha, my family isn't that soft that they can get apprehended by TV crew you know~」



Shia cackled while holding her stomach, but Hajime wondered about it.



The guts of TV crew couldn't be underestimated. If it was for the sake of increasing audience rate, then they would go anywhere as far as their budget would allow.



And then, what was especially terrifying was the cameraman. They were shouldering their camera while closely following star or professional right at beside them whether they were going to a savage land, dangerous region, or climbing highest mountain in the world.



Even in a situation where a star would whine 「No more!」 looking like they were really at their limit, where the viewers would unconsciously go 「Do your best!」 in front of their television, the cameraman would merely staying silent, recording that image perfectly to send it to the viewer's living room.



Frankly speaking, every time Hajime watched that kind of program, he wondered if the profession of cameraman could only be done by superhuman. He thought of things like perhaps if a guy with vocation "cameraman" on his status plate appeared at Tortus, wouldn't that guy be the strongest?



「Well, they can do as the please if they won't reap the head of every fellow they encountered.」



「How rude! What does Hajime-san think my family is! Even if TV people come, such thing……such thing……won't happen, you know?」



「Stop it, don't speak in question. As the daughter of the clan head declare it clearly there.」



Shia insisted that "They aren't a savage clan desuu!', but midway it seemed she lost her confidence. At the end of her sentence her voice was vanishing. Hajime was half-joking, but he shuddered because it might become reality. Perhaps an education would be needed before they moved to this side.



By the way, at their travel this time, it was Yue's suggestion that he went with only Shia. It seemed she guessed the inside of Shia's heart 「I want to go to a date of just the two of us sometime desuu」. Yue encouraged the two of them to 'It's a nice timing that you accept the proposal of Karm and others, so how about going traveling while searching for prospective land?'.



What first wife power it was. It went without saying that for a while Shia hugged Yue tightly and didn't let go.



Like that, it was a travel to search for a base at earth with environment that resembled the sea of trees for Hauria clan――that was the cover. Shia's rabbit ears were suddenly twitching in reaction while they were leisurely enjoying the oversea travel of just the two of them.



「Mu? Hajime-san, there is human presence. It's far but……it looks like there is quite a commotion.」



「Commotion? Is it something troublesome?」



「No, if I have to say it feels like cheers.」



「Hmm? Is it a festival or something?」



Hajime tilted his head. Shia tilted her rabbit ears while saying 「I don't know about that」.



The footpath in front of them bent greatly. The dense forest obstructed their sight ahead. However, there wasn't any other path that seemed like a path, so Hajime and Shia nodded to each other and advanced forward just like that.



Before long, even Hajime's ears started to caught the cheering sound and from there they advanced through the path as though circling around the dense forest for five minutes.



The two finally discovered the source of the cheers.



「Woow! It's a village inside this dense forest. What's more, it's really a festival just like we thought so it's lucky desuu!」



「Festival? Is that a festival?」



An unforeseen encounter in the middle of travel! Beside Shia whose tension was rising like that, Hajime had 「?」 mark floating over his head.



「I saw it in TV before this, but it seems in this world there is also a festival with main event of jabbing at each other like a fight festival. This village is also the same!」



Just as Shia said, a stage like a boxing ring was created in the village, two burly young men were standing on it while punching each other. The villagers were gathered around the ring while clamoring hectically.



Hajime looked doubtful because the young men looked quite bloody, he thought whether it was too stimulating for a festival's side show, but watching carefully, everyone looked like they were having fun, a lot of food and drink were also prepared. It didn't seem mistaken that it was a festival.



「Come on Hajime-san! Let's try going there too!」



「You are high-tensioned huh. I get it so don't pull my hand.」



Shia hopped around like a child while pulling Hajime's hand. Her rabbit ears were also moving wildly with unruly high tension, expressing the inside of Shia's heart really clearly.



Hajime's mouth couldn't stop loosening into a smile seeing such Shia. He let his hand got pulled by Shia. The emotion residing inside his eyes were extraordinarily gentle.



On the other hand, the villagers also noticed Hajime and Shia.



They had darkish skin and black hair with finely chiseled features. From a glance their appearance was different from Hajime and Shia. Also, their clothing, they weren't a tribe of an undeveloped land, so they were wearing familiar things like T-shirt, short pants, and so on. But the appearance of Hajime and Shia who were in the middle traveling made it quickly clear that the two of them were foreign traveler.



That must be why. The villagers who noticed them expressed shock with their eyes turning round and they immediately raised their voice toward the people around them. The people who noticed had their eyes similarly opened wide when they saw Hajime and Shia and they were pointing their finger.



「Nice to meet you! You can call me Shia! Everyone, is it okay for us to watch the festival too?」



Full liveliness. Shia who said such thing with a wide affable smile caused the eyes of the villagers turned even rounder with shock.



The choker around Shia's neck was instilled with "Language Comprehension". The thing called language barrier didn't exist.



Nevertheless, from the point of view of the local who didn't know about such outrageous circumstance, it looked like a young girl who was obviously a foreigner was fluently talking in their own language. It was only natural that they were surprised.



But, their expression burst into smile without even any cautiousness.



「What a rare guest! Of course it's fine! Come over here!」



「My my, it must be hard to come until this kind of place. Now, please drink this.」



「Uwaa, somehow there is foreigner here!」



「You've got a good timing coming in this fighting festival day.」



They talked to Shia one after another. The children of the village were also shuffling to gather toward the foreigner that was unusual to be here.



As expected, Shia's smile and affable atmosphere seemed to be the greatest magic to dispel everybody's vigilance. The innocent rabbit who was sparkling with curiosity invited smiling face from the villagers.



「Fighting festival? Is it a festival for fighting?」



「That's right. Once a year we decide the strongest person in the village. The family of the winner can receive favorable treatment for a year. They will receive bigger share from the hunting and fishing, and they will get more share from the things we bartered at the city.」



「Most of all, the champion will be respected. It's about honor. That's why, the young men of the village are trained since they were little, they were told that they absolutely have to become a champion once in their life.」



「Hoe~」



Shia looked at above the ring with expression of admiration and understanding. The two young men there kept concentrating and punching at each other regardless of the sudden appearance of the foreigners. Although it was a festival, it was certain that it was also a serious battle that concerned their honor.



「Somehow, their move resembled Muay Thai. Looks like they have the proper form, it's different from just simply punching each other. It must have a long history.」



「Oo, you get it?」



Hajime was slurping a sweet juice that he received from the village's grandma while muttering. Hearing that, a muscular middle-aged man made an admiring expression.



「Long ago in the past, in order to hunt and fight other village, the men of the village learned various martial art, and it kept being handed down even now. It's called Uga.」



「Of course, right now it's only used at the festival.」



「But, in order to win that festival, as expected it's necessary to learn Uga, so the men of the village all learned it from their father.」



Right now they normally used tool both in hunting and fishing after all. The village's men laughed while explaining.



「And, why are you two here? You two are really fluent in our tongue, but you aren't someone from around here right?」



「Yeah. We're only traveling where it struck our fancy. Looking at the map, it seems there is quite a big city at the upper stream of this river, so for now we are going that way.」



「Aah, Puhang city. That place is nearby the place where the branch streams are merging, and there are also a lot of restaurant with delicious food there. However, if you are going there by foot right now the sun will set for sure before you arrive there you know?」



「Well, at that time we're going to camp out.」



Hajime shrugged. To which the uncles frowned. Their gaze was directed at Shia who was swinging up her fist while cheering 「Gooo desuu! There desuu! Aa, do your best! Stand up-, stand up Joeeee!」 together with the grandmas. (TN: Reference to Ashita no Joe)



By the way, the name of the downed young man was Urt. The grandma beside Shia gave straight man retort of 「My kid's name is Urt you know! Who is Joe!?」.



「Oi oi. You said you're going to make that cute girl to sleep at the open? Around this area isn't that particularly dangerous, but it's not safe by any means you know?」



「Yeah. I heard that recently delinquents from other village are loitering around. Naturally there are also animals.」



The village uncles seemed to worry from the bottom of their heart, they were good people. Even while saying thanks to them Hajime was,



「It's fine. We are used to traveling, and, we are strong.」



The village uncles were getting increasingly worried, thinking that it might be the excessive confidence of a foreign traveler. They unanimously suggested that the two of them should stay in the village for today. One reason they were doing this was because they could understand each other's words, but they were also really good people.



Amidst that, Shia who were together with the villagers, no, rather she was taking position at the center of the villagers when Hajime noticed, she was doing shadow boxing perhaps because she got heated up from watching while saying out advice-like things.



「Mister, what are you doing! Please look carefully at your opponent! He has habit in his movement! See through it and then gouge him out!」



*shu-shu-shu-shu-shu-shu-BAM!* Consecutive punches that shook the air were unleashed. From Shia.



Those deft punches that looked like they were generating afterimage caused the people around to feel shocked「uwah」 while taking distance from her.



「Oo! Just now looks like a technique! Make the one-two into decoy and then a combination with the elbow! Like this is it!」



One-, Two-, elbow strike! Shia-chan was perfectly tracing and stealing the technique that downed the opponent on the ring just now.



Different from boxing, it seemed there wasn't any countdown even when one side had fallen onto his knee. The downed young man rose up with guts while launching a sweeping kick. In addition, right after that kick was evaded a roundhouse kick from the opposite leg came!



「Splendid combo from kneeling! Like this is it!」



Shia-chan perfectly traced it as expected. No, rather no matter from where anyone looked, Shia's movement was clearly sharper than the two fighters on the ring. It was an adroit movement. The moment Shia launched a kick, *GOU-* the wind groaned!



Gazes were gradually gathering on Shia rather than on the ring.



The girl of foreign country who perfectly traced and absorbed the martial art handed down in their village just from watching the motion of two people fighting……it was understandable that it gathered more interest than the important fight.



「Hajime-san, Hajime-san! It really make the blood boil isn't it!」



「Right, I guess.」



The disappointment rabbit that once said 「I'm no good at fighting desuu」 didn't exist anymore. In her place there was only a superhuman rabbit whose blood would seethe and her flesh dance if there was a hand-to-hand fighting, the incarnation of bug character, the martial arts mania who would beat to death even god's apostle.



Thinking back of the past Shia who would blunder every time she was doing something, Hajime couldn't help but get a distant look.



But, at that time, the fight on the right was finally settled. It seemed the next fight would be the final. The young man who won would fight the last year's champion.



However……



「Aa, looks like this will be a bit harsh for Urt.」



「He looks like just standing is all he can do.」



Urt-kun who managed to advance to the final seemed like he would have to withdraw from the fight.



「Oh my~. It was a good match so I looked forward to the final too though……it's unfortunate.」



「Well, even if you say that, with the current Urt he is still not a match against Bantas.」



Shia tilted her head toward the villager who spoke with a wry smile.



「That's the strongest man in this village currently. He has been hogging the champion title for nearly fifteen years already. He is really strong. It's to the degree that recently rather than the championship, defeating Bantas is the real honor!, people said.」



「Hoe~. So there is the absolute champion here.」



Lookin closer, Bantas who earned the championship because the opponent withdrew was being congratulated by the whole village. Different from Urt-kun, there was only some hit mark on his body without looking like he was really wounded. He was a huge man whose age was around forty. He really had the appearance of the fighting festival champion that would make anyone nodded in understanding of his status.



Bantas climbed on the ring and put on a show by lifting up the champion trophy that looked aged. The villagers sent him applause and cheer. Hajime and Shia also sent him applause together.



There, Bantas suddenly turned his gaze to Hajime and Shia.



「This is a rare chance. If you like, how about participating in the fighting festival?」



Above the ring, Bantas was gesturing with his hand in an inviting motion. It was clear that it was an invitation to try fighting him. His gaze was turned once at Shia before turning to Hajime in amusement. From there it was clear that he was referring to Hajime.



「Of course, I won't fight seriously. I'll go easy on you, but this is a rare chance so you can show off to your girlfriend――」



「It's really okay!? I really, really wish to be allowed to participate desuu!」



「Eh?」



Bantas-san's eyes turned into dot. The villagers' eyes also turned into dot.



At the same time, Shia hopped *pyon* lightly and jumped on the ring. She rotated her wrist around and turned around her ankle. She jerked around her neck to warm up.



「What a fortuitous thing to be able to directly experience the unique martial arts that is handed down in this village deep inside the forest! I'm grateful of your hospitality desuu!」



「Eh?」



「No need for holding back any, please come at me seriously desuu!」



「Eh?」



「Now, come at me yaah! Desuu!」



*BAAM-* The sound of the air rupturing resounded. It was the sound of Shia-chan hitting her fists to each other. For such sound to resound when it wasn't expressly a clap to make loud sound was because there was shockwave generated from that gesture……



「Wa, wait you! Is it okay that you don't stop your girlfriend!?」



「If it's Bantas then he will surely go easy on her skillfully, but there is a lot of dangerous technique in Uga you know!」



The villagers spoke up worriedly. Above the ring Bantas also couldn't hide his bewilderment.



「No, rather from my point of view, it's that girl who looks like she is too high-spirited that I'm worried about the opponent instead though……. I won't say anything bad. Just stop fighting Shia.」



On the other hand, 「If you're going to fight, remember to hold back okay, Shia! End it in a good vibe, don't forget!」 Hajime urged caution to the high-tensioned Shia who he worried that she would overdo it.



Doing something like beating up the leading part of the festival of the village who were welcoming them was something that would make the later development to be the most awkward it could be. Hajime-san was staring worriedly at the unruly rabbit ears.



Hajime's words that weren't to stop his lover, they weren't even saying 'I'll fight in her place!', rather those words were worrying for the absolute reigning champion Bantas. The villagers were bewildered by that and they got tongue-tied.



But, Bantas was instead coming out of his bewilderment. For someone to think that it was only natural for a young girl to go easy on him……his pride as the absolute champion was stimulated.



Something like the fist of a girl wouldn't even be an itch against his trained body no matter how hard it hit. Then, he would at least let himself got hit and showed an imperturbable presence despite that, then at the end he would get serious and then stopping just an inch before his fist hit, which would open the eye of these foreigner travelers. His fighting spirit overflowed with that decision.



「Good grief, making his own lover fight, as a man your boyfriend is really unbecoming.」



「Here I comeee!」



Shia-chan who wasn't listening at all.



Bantas shrugged his shoulders in exasperation, he imagined the light slap of a girl while spreading his hands in a pose of 「Come at me from anywhere」.



Like that, when he looked closer at Shia who was mimicking the Uga stance, he noticed she was making a shockingly beautiful face. Honestly, she must be the most beautiful female he had ever seen until now. In a sense, to be able to spend a playful time with this kind of super first class beautiful girl……, Bantas's face almost broke into a grin thinking it like that……



「SHAORAAAAAAA-!!」



「Eh?」



A war cry exploded. An impact sound from a step forward that was like cannon exploding.



Within an instant. Shia's figure was right before Bantas's eyes. Without even any time to become conscious of it, a twisting BODY BLOW! generated an impact sound that was also like a fired cannon!



「GOHOOH!?」



The grinning face distorted grandly from the impact and shock and light panic. But, the rabbit with sky high tension was swinging her fist with cheerful smiling face.



「If I remember right, it's like this!」



Traditional martial art's hidden technique (imitation)! The copied technique assaulted Bantas!



「Oy, wai-, gefuu!?」



「Ora ora ora ora ora ora-! Desuu!」



Left then right, Bantas-san continued to get toyed with. The villagers got into uproar!



Seeing Shia who was absorbed with testing the technique that she newly acquired, Hajime covered his face with his hand saying 「So it's just as I thought」. For now, if this continued then the absolute champion's heart would break, so Hajime put a stop to Shia with a telepathy that was in the level of a sound explosion.



Shia went 'hah' in surprise and stopped moving.



「Qyu, qyuite something, a, aren't you……」



The absolute champion who was already dead on his feet was desperately keeping his pride. It really looked as though he wanted to say 「Just now I purposefully got hit without fighting back you know? It's true you know? There is no damage at all from your attack. I'm not lying okay」.



The villagers were deathly quiet.



As expected, Shia too seemed to realize that she got too carried away. She smiled to varnish over the awkwardness and,



「As, as expected from the champion. I don't get the feeling that I'll be able to win no matter what.」



The absolute champion looked like he was going to faint anytime.



Hajime sighed. He secretly sent out a spider-shaped living golem "Arachne" under Bantas. Arachne's leg struck a needle *pshew* into Bantas's ankle.



Bantas didn't notice at all because of the pain all over his upper body. Far from noticing, damage was leaving from him rapidly and he was staring in wonder at his own body.



「Wha, what? The pain is suddenly receding……. Ah, no, it's not like I'm pained or anything from the start. My body feels light somehow but……hah, don't tell me, did I receive god's divine protection?」



It seemed they also had their own faith. The mysterious experience was thanks to god.



Actually it was the apology of the demon king, but he surely couldn't even imagine that.



'I can fight like this! This beautiful girl in front of me too, I'm not thinking of her as a normal girl anymore!' Bantas-san thought and he stepped forward.



「UOOOOOOOH」



「Nice spirit! Please show me your technique desuu!」



A clash. The fist, leg, elbow strike from both sides collided into each other like surging waves, a terrific exchange of offense was unfolding.



「As I thought my body is light! Strength is welling up! Oh god! My gratitude to you! Right now I will display the greatest battle that will ever exist!」



Bantas-san's tension was rising. Though it wasn't god's divine protection, but just a doping……



「HAAAAAAAAAAAAH!!」



「Urya-rya-rya-rya-rya-rya! Desuu!」



A terrific kind of fight that was never seen before!



Even the villagers who fell deathly silent finally returned to their senses from witnessing that heated fight, they began raising their cheer with a mentality of 「Who cares about the trivial detail anymore huh!」.



「Keep going, missy! That's absurd, oi!」



「Bantas! Get a hold of yourself! Don't lose to a girl younger than you!」



「O, oi! That girl, did she use the hidden technique just now!?」



「Thi, this is a great match that happen only once a century!」



The fierce fight between the absolute champion who got doping of demon king's specially made medicine unknowingly, and the bug rabbit who outdone even the god's apostle (body strengthening level I) became a hectic great furor in the village.



After that, the battle between the two ended up in a draw with nice feeling (Shia fixed the match properly). Bantas smiled wryly while taking Shia's hand and lifted it up high to the sky. Then a grand applause echoed in respond to it.



Shia who got down of the ring was crowded by the villagers, especially the children. They bombarded her with question like how could she become that strong, and just who in the world she was.



Hajime also went through the same thing. He was given a storm of questioning and praise like 'Just what in the world your lover is?' while his shoulder and back kept getting clapped.



In the end, even when the sun had set the atmosphere didn't show any sign of cooling down, they ate and drank while Shia was exhibiting other martial arts like karate or eight extremities fist or capoera and so on, and the place got even more heated up. At the end she held a bout with Hajime 「Even the boyfriend is strong!?」 which shocked the villagers to their heart's content.



「Ahahaa~, it was really fun. Getting heated up with the locals that you accidentally meet. This is exactly the real pleasure of a travel!」



Shia was in an extremely good mood. Hajime was making the bed (complete removal of dust and mite using Arachne) while smiling back 「You're right」.



The party broke up after a fashion and right now they were staying at a house of a certain husband and wife. They were lent a room because the villagers wished for them to stay no matter what as their thanks for showing a magnificent fight.



Shia sat down with a plop on the bed that had been cleaned while her rabbit ears were swinging *piko piko*.



「Incidentally Hajime-san. I have a bit of rabbit good news.」(TN: This is a play of words using the kanji. There is a word 'mimiyori' which mean welcome news. The 'mimi' means ear, and Shia add the word rabbit before it.)



「What do you mean rabbit good news? You can just say good news normally right……and, what is it?」



「I heard from the villagers, it looks like there is a ruin deep at the back regions far away upstream where no one is living.」



「Ruin?」



Shia who was lying upside-down with her legs and rabbit tail kicking around nodded.



「Yes. It's really old and the local doesn't really go near it. They said it's cursed or something……」



「So to speak it's like a horror spot huh……. And?」



Hajime also sat on the bed while asking. Shia rolled around and put her head on Hajime's lap. She rubbed her cheek on Hajime's thigh.



「It seemed that this country's investigation team and foreign research team once went there to investigate, but in the end they didn't find anything and from the style of the ruin, they concluded that most likely in the past it was used as dwelling of people. It's not really recognized as historically valuable. Even us can enter if we go there you know?」



「In other words, you want to try seeing it?」



「Yes desu.」



Hajime patted her rabbit ears. Hajime's hand was loving the rabbit ears in an subconscious level. Shia's body was shuddering pleasantly. Her eyes were getting slightly moist.



「Well, isn't that fine? The more unexplored and inhabited the area is the better it is for Hauria's earth base right? Let's set the backwoods area further than the ruin as our target, we're going to look there while we're at it. If people don't go near it, then that ruin might become one kind of boundary line to push away people.」



「Nh. Going deeper from the ruin, nn~, it feels like there will be a dense forest that is really untouched by human hand, fuwaa」



*Pat pat*. *Pat pat*. Shia's voice was starting to get mixed with sweetness even while they were talking. Even while having lap pillow, Shia's hands were going around Hajime's waist and began to hug tightly.



「I see. Then tomorrow we will go to Puhang only to have a meal and resupply there, after that we will aim to that ruin.」



「Yeees, desuu~. By, by the way, Hajime-saaan」



「Hm?」



Shia spoke with sweet voice and melting expression that was dripping with bewitchment.



「Errr, the ba, barrier……the wall look thin so……」



「It's okay. Don't worry.」



Hajime got it even without Shia finishing her sentence. He already finished laying countermeasure. The group of Arachne-san had finished deploying barrier with each of them as the starting point.



The light inside the room vanished.



Under the moonlight shining in from the window, the shadow of the two slowly became one as though it was only natural.



AN: Thank you very much for reading this every time.



Thank you very much too for the thoughts, opinions, and reports about misspelling and omitted words.



It's Shia arc, but it won't be a long arc (in the plan)



For Shia's long arc, I'm planning it to be the teleport incident from Akihabara.



But that story will not involve the other members at that time……



At the After Story there isn't a single chapter where Shia is the main, so I wanted to write a story for her where it's just her with Hajime.



PS



This story became ranking 2.



Thank you very much for the many congratulatory comments!



Please take care of [Arifure] from here on too!





Chapter 287




Hajime and Shia who left the village even while the villagers were reluctant to see them leaving were aiming straight toward the city of Puhang at the upstream.



They were stuffing their cheeks with bread that looked like nan with a lot of meat in between, given to them kindly by the villagers when the left. They were eating while they were advancing along the river that still had the coldness of the morning remaining.



「Delish- desuu. I missed the chance to ask, but what kind of meat this is?」



「I wonder. This feeling of overflowing wild taste, it somehow remind me when I was in Abyss……」



Hajime and Shia were going 'delicious delicious' in a display of gluttony regardless of the fact that it hadn't been a few hours since they received breakfast.



「In any case, they were a pleasant bunches aren't they. That……Wandam? Though I cannot say about the way he was looking at me.」



「It's Bantas-san. Certainly it was a beautiful spinning kick. Though it's still not at the level of a certain muscular actor.」



Shia laughed loudly. Bantas who fought a young girl to a draw after that got high spirited when Hajime and Shia exhibited a mock fight with sublimely advanced fighting style. He begged that he also wanted to have a match with Hajime by any means.



The way Hajime fought compared to Shia left an impression of boorishness that couldn't be erased. It didn't have the flowing elegance of "martial arts" that was backed with history like Shia who was adopting various hand-to-hand fighting style.



Although, Hajime's taijutsu that was sublimated by accumulating real battle after real battle where his life was on the line of life and death should be said as the height of rationality.



His figure perfectly handling the entirety of Shia's flowing offense that was like a surging wave using the minimum movement necessary made anyone who watched it felt beauty from it in its own way.



Not just Bantas, it also went without saying that the men of the village got their blood boiled.



「Hajime-san, sometimes you are strangely popular among the male, just like with Tou-sama(father) and others. Especially among the beefy people……」



「Stop it, don't say anymore.」



Recalling how the village's male were approaching him with their muscles twitching, Hajime shuddered while shaking his head. Shia raised a chuckle seeing such Hajime.



「They said that they wanted us to come again next year, they expressly gave us the invitation, so let's come again bringing a souvenir next time, okay Hajime-san?」



「……I guess.」



Shia expressed her happiness of the unexpected chance meeting in the travel with a wide smile. Her rabbit ears were also whooshing around.



However Hajime showed a bit of thinking gesture while agreeing. Shia thought 「Eh? He isn't enthusiastic?」 while she peeked at Hajime's expression with a bit of unease.



Hajime smiled wryly thinking that he was worrying Shia and he spoke while patting her head *pon pon*.



「Don't make that kind of face. I'm just thinking a bit.」



「Thinking……is it?」



「Yeah. I'm thinking that if you are enjoying it that much, then perhaps it's fine to make the travel date with just Shia a custom for once a year at least.」



「Hajime-san!」



Her rabbit ears stood straight *Pi─n-!* The lovely suggestion caused Shia's eyes to sparkle with stars of delight, then she leaped at Hajime while glittering with joy.



And then without pause she pouted her lips 「Nn~~」 and approached for a kiss.



「I get it that you're happy, so for now how about you clean up the food scraps around your mouth first?」



Shia's face became bright red and her body backed away gracefully.



It was a rare occurrence, but sometimes like just now Shia became a disappointing rabbit. Hajime watched fondly of such Shia with affection then he personally cleaned up Shia's mouth. Shia look embarrassed, but she kept her eyes closed.



Toward such Shia, Hajime brought his face closer to have the continuation of just now even though it was early in the morning. Shia who felt his presence also leaned her body forward in response……



「A?」



「Hmm?」



Both of them simultaneously turned their gaze toward deep inside the forest. *rustle rustle* The sound of feet treading firmly on vegetation resounded faintly.



「It's not some animal isn't it?」



「There was the talk about the youngsters of other village loitering around but……」



Now then, what could be the reason of they being here. The answer immediately became clear.



「So it's really true. There are foreigner man and woman here.」



「Oo, they got various pricey looking things on them.」



「The girl is drop dead gorgeous.」



「Whatever, as expected foreign tourists are idiot huh. Taking sight defenselessly in this kind of place like this.」



Just from that conversation it was clear that these are the insolent people the villagers warned them about.



The fighting festival was happening that merrily. Then surely the rumor about foreign couple with affluent look seeing from their nice belonging would quickly spread to other village too.



Tourists visiting dangerous place with sightseeing mood without really gathering information about the local, without even the self-awareness of how ignorant and rash and reckless they were acting, and holding a groundless optimistic view that it was impossible for misfortune to befall them……



These rude bunches were surely coming to aim for that kind of tourists who were just begging to get robbed.



With a grin on their face, the robber look-alikes were gathering while showing something that looked like rifle even though they looked old.



「This kind of people exist no matter what world it is isn't it. Well it doesn't matter. Right her with the fist of Uga that I had just learned I will teach them the harshness of socie──」



The moment Shia clenched her fist to give a lesson,



──*DOPAN-DOPAN-DOPAN-DOPAN-*



Consecutive gunshot sound echoed inside the forest. At the same time, the young men showing up from inside the forest were disappearing into the forest as though in a video playback. More accurately they were sent flying, or perhaps it should be called as knocked flying.



「Wha-, wha-, this guy──」



「He is carrying gun! Run──」



「Sto, stop! We aren't planning anything! Look, I'm putting down the gun! So don't sho──」



Everyone peacefully returned back deep into the forest. There was no exception.



「Be thankful tearfully that you guys at least don't get returned into earth.」



Mercilessly, no, just using stun bullet was already merciful but, Hajime-san shot everyone without caring whether they were escaping or raising their hands in surrender.



It didn't even take five seconds until the figure of about ten people of the bunches vanished from view.



「Ha, Hajime-san?」



At earth, Hajime fundamentally didn't pull out Donner, if it was only someone picking up a quarrel he would deal with them using his bare hand (he used his left hand without reservation), but here he chose gun without an instant of hesitation. Shia's eyes turned round seeing Hajime's reaction that was different from usual.



Hajime shrugged his shoulders and he stored back Donner into the holster on his chest while,



「There is no one watching after all.」



In other words, it seemed if it was a place where there was no witness, he wouldn't hesitate to use Donner in order to settle the problem in a flash. For the insolent people who encountered Hajime in a place outside of public gaze, it was a dangerous place instead.



Hajime who normally said something like 「I'll comply to law and ethic that is appropriate for a citizen of a constitutional country. After all here is different from Tortus you know, compared to Tortus」, was shooting unhesitatingly……



「Hajime-san. The way of thinking that it's okay to shoot if there is no witness, feels like it's normally outlaw though.」



「Oi oi, how can you say that to a virtuous and exemplary Japanese person like me.」



A virtuous and exemplary Japanese person was surely a person who would modestly respect propriety, avoiding act of violence and honored the law to the best of their ability, that was how she felt……Shia's expression turned really complicated.



「Before this Myuu-chan said "innocent until proven guilty. Everything is legal if it's not leaked out", she said outrageous things by quoting someone's words but……I feel like I understand whose words they were.」



「There is nothing in my log about that.」



Hajime papa averted his gaze to escape Shia's fixed stare.



※Those were words that a good kid must not believe no matter what!



Shia made a wry smile toward the bad papa who was turning the other way. However, her expression turned into a bright smile right after that,



「Well, they are scoundrels, so it doesn't matter whatever happen to them!」



「That's a lovely conclusion Shia, I'm falling in love with you all over again.」



*ruffle-ruffle! pat pat!* The scene of idiot couple flirting beside the forest where multiple locals collapsed was truly surreal.



By the way, in case it was Shia who dealt with them, they would definitely ended up in a state of an inch before getting beaten to death, so in a sense Hajime's non-lethal gunshot was more fortunate to them. The gunshot that came from the irritation from the kiss getting obstructed……in a sense they came attacked in a nice timing.



After the time advanced boisterously and flirtatiously for a while.



The sun had risen high to the sky, about the time when it almost become afternoon, the river's width suddenly became wide and a town could be seen up ahead. It was the town of Puhang.



The automobile and maintained road that were the convenience of civilization could be seen.



Originally, it was a place that could be reached in four hours if one used car or bus from a town that had train station or airport. There was no whimsical traveler like Hajime and Shia who would intentionally walked inside a thick forest along the river for a few days laboriously to reach this city.



「How should I say it, it's that. It feels like when you encounter someone who used cable car to reach the summit after you were climbing up with troubles.」



「The mountain climber is enjoying the climb so it's fine desuu.」



Hajime smiled wryly seeing beside him an old truck was passing truck noisily, which caused Shia to pout.



「Don't sulk. I also had fun. Rather than that, it's afternoon already. I'm hungry after a good workout, what about you Shia?」



「You're right~. I'm also getting hungry. According to the villagers, there are a lot of delicious restaurant so let's eat lightly.」



「Yeah. If I remember right the recommendation is a restaurant with a terrace along the river was it?」



「Desu desu. They told me that the steamed river fish is tasty.」



They were talking while entering the city. There they saw that unexpectedly there were a lot of foreigners. It shouldn't be a particular tourist spot, but far ahead from here there was another tourist spot, so perhaps this place was bustling as a stopping point.



Shia asked the local for direction with her innate amiability. In this place too the sight of the local getting bug-eyed hearing Shia talking the local language fluently could be seen as expected. The person she talked to also became smiling naturally. And then they taught her the direction kindly and thoroughly.



「Over there he said! Hajime-san, it's that white building!」



「I got it, that's why don't hop around. You are being stared with lukewarm gaze by everyone around you know? Even me too.」



The local people, whether they were young or old, male or female, were watching Shia who was running across the street toward her lover with gentle eyes. Incidentally, pleasant gazes were also directed toward Hajime who was looking somewhat embarrassed.



It was then a car was running with quite the speed. Even though it was in the middle of city, with that speed the car undoubtedly would be unable to stop even if something suddenly leaped in front of it.



Shia who was in the middle of crossing the street leaped toward Hajime with a bit of panic.



「That's really dangerous isn't it~. Why is that car that hurried I wonder?」



「Who knows. Rather than that, they are riding good car there. What's more the cars' type is all the same. Are they a group?」



Just as Hajime said, the car driving dangerously wasn't just one.



Six SUV that in a glance looked high class with high performance were running through in a line. It felt like the cars were prepared altogether, so at the very least there was no doubt that they were from an organization with quite the financial muscle.



Hajime's interest was a bit tickled at the people who came to this kind of place in group riding high class SUV, but it also wasn't something to the degree that would make him intentionally investigate. He immediately chased them out of his mind and started walking while holding Shia's hand so she wouldn't hop around.



They walked through a place that looked like a promenade along the river heading toward the restaurant.



The river's appearance wasn't beautiful, so no foreign tourist was watching the view, but several local people were fishing on a protruding wharf, they were chatting while putting their feet into the river. Some other people were washing clothes or other things. It could be seen from the sight how the river was closely connected to the daily life.



Furthermore,



「There are a lot of boats. There is also a floating market~」



「This is the place where the branch rivers merged after all, ship must be a valid method to transport material here.」



As though to show it, ships with a lot of utility were mooring at jutting out wharves that were also a lot. When there were wooden rowing boats, there were also boats with engine. Though they were all uniformly only old things that had been used for a long time.



Suddenly Hajime asked.



「Come to think of it, Shia. About the ruin spot we were told at the village, based from what I saw in the map it was really far from here. Are we still going to walk? It will take around a week if we detour until the place with bridge you know?」



「Aa~ uu~. Actually it will be nicer to walk but……as expected, that will take too much time. I have enjoyed the travel by foot a lot, and here boat also seems to be the mainstream……」



Shia kept glancing at Hajime looking a bit embarrassed, perhaps because it sounded like she was taking back her own words.



Hajime smiled wryly while secretly making his Treasure Warehouse II shined. He summoned the hard workers Arachne-san who were in the process of being turned into Jack of all trades. He took them out from inside his clothes so that it wouldn't come out from empty air, so all the Arachne went down to the ground through Hajime's foot with rustling sound.



「……Hajime-san. I've been thinking since some time ago but, why spiders? Honestly speaking, they are a bit chilling.」



Countless spiders were crawling out from the body……. Certainly, normally it was a horror sight that would make anyone faint.



Hajime who was asked positioned Arachne to four directions and activated awareness obstruction barrier while answering with a puzzled look.



「Eh? It's cool right?」



「……」



Shia softly averted her eyes. It seemed that Hajime's fundamental chuunibyou was impossible to be healed.



A flustered look emerged on Hajime's face! Despite him thinking that if it was Shia she would approve saying 「You're right!」, but she was just getting normally creeped out. Her rabbit ears were tapping *pon pon* on Hajime's head softly, as though saying 「It's all right, it's all right I'm telling you. Okay?」, making him felt like asking just what was all right.



「No no, Shia. Try imagining it for a bit. Multi legged tank is cool right? It's romantic right? At the Armor○ Core we played before this, even you were using the multi legged weren't you? Besides, it's that. See, even that person in a certain ○moon game, he said 『a spider who laid string on surface as nest』 about himself, also there is that! Even a certain hero of America is totally spider you know! After that──」 (TN: About the moon something, it's reference to Nanaya Shiki from Melty Blood, Hajime is quoting that guy's victory line there)



「I understand. I understand already. It's fine you know, Hajime-san.」



「Oi stop it. Don't look at me with gentle eyes like that! Eeei-, don't pat me! Don't hug me!」



Shia's gaze was full of compassion. 9999 damage to Hajime's heart.



Hajime forcefully tore Shia away from himself and he whined moaningly while further taking out a boat, mooring it at the nearby spot. It was a black coated boat with proper construction.



──Prototype amphibious boat Triana



It was the prototype boat of the artifact that he sent to a certain friend, other than being able to move in high speed on water, it could also run on land by putting out its stored wheels.



「Let's go using this until near the ruin.」



「Does it need to be taken out right now?」



Shia tilted her head in puzzlement. Even though they were going to have lunch after this, why did Hajime took the boat out right now?



「No, actually, this is still in the prototype stage……rather it's incomplete. I'm thinking that while we are eating, I'll use the Arachne for remote transmutation and complete it to some degree.」



「Arachne-san is working hard isn't it. But, it's floating normally right now, it can run on water already isn't it? I think it's enough like that though……」



Shia was puzzled, she wondered that even though Hajime was calling it a motor boat, perhaps unexpectedly it was still in a stage where it wasn't even equipped with propulsive mechanism. But Hajime began by saying 「Of course it will run normally if I make it run but……」 then,



「It's not installed with any weapon at all.」



「Yes?」



'I don't really get what you are saying desu', Shia made an astonished expression that said that.



「Err, Hajime-san. I think it doesn't really need weapon or anything though……」



Shia said such thing with bewilderment. Hajime turned a shocked expression toward such Shia. His state truly looked as though saying 'I don't really get what you are saying desu'.



「Are you in your right mind Shia? Something like a vehicle without weapon is the same like a car without any brake! That's too dangerous!」



「Rather I think it's Hajime-san's heart that is in need of a brake.」



If it had to be said further, rather than a car without weapon, it was the car with weapon that was dangerous no matter how one thought about it.



But Hajime shook his head as though to say 'Just what are you saying', and then he opened his mouth as though persuading an unreasonable kid.



「Listen well Shia, think really carefully. What will happen to Bon○-san if there is no weapon in his Bo○d car? Even if it's someone of his caliber, he might simply die you know?」



「Please don't confuse the vehicle used for travelling together with spy car. Hajime-san, since when did you join with the spy agency of England? It feels like Magdanese-san will be really happy then……ah, no, I'll take back my words. It feels like it will give even more damage that will be beyond healing to Magdanese-san's stomach.」



In any case, something like a vehicle without weapon wasn't a vehicle, that was the fixation that Hajime wouldn't concede. And that seemed to be connected with why he put out the boat now.



All the Arachne-san quickly clung to here and there on the boat and began their improvement work.



「I get it already. I'm hungry so let's quickly go to the restaurant.」



「……How strange. I get the feeling that Shia is looking at me like I'm a troubled guy……」



Shia pulled the hand of Hajime who was making a look that wanted to say how upsetting the whole thing was, and this time it was her who started walking while dragging Hajime behind.



Since coming back home from the other world, whether it was Hajime or Yue, both of them sometimes caused Shia to take this kind of attitude as though she was dealing with hopeless person, depending on the situation there was also time when she plainly got angry……



Compared to when they first met, it wasn't like Hajime didn't get the feeling that their position was oddly reversed.



The cooking of the restaurant they visited was rather delicious just like the villagers recommended. Taking the meal on a wooden terrace that was protruding out to the river was also not bad with how it was giving effective modifier on the place category.



It seemed that Shia was pleased with the steamed cooking of freshwater fish, she was passionately trying to steal the taste since some time ago.



Everyone recognized the handmade cooking skill of the rabbit who was almighty in housekeeping. She had also completely learned the taste of Nagumo family, so although the cooking duty was did by rotation, if it was asked who was the head chef who was entrusted with Nagumo family's kitchen, the answer would already unanimously be Shia.



「Fumu fumu. I somehow get it but, in the first place what seem like will be trouble is whether the spice can be obtained in Japan.」



「You'll surely find it if you search. And if not, you can just come here to buy it using gate.」



「……Now that Hajime-san mentioned it, that's right. Hajime-san is too all-purpose that I'll turn depraved from the convenience.」



「If it's for the sake of Shia's handmade cooking, then I won't hesitate to use everything I got.」



「Err……I'm really happy that Hajime-san say that, but those are profoundly memorable important words that were said the previous night before we were taking down the emperor's castle, so I wish that it won't be said lightly for something gluttonous……」



Once, when Shia kept her mouth shut from being stuck between her family's determination and her reservation toward Hajime, Hajime gave her those words. Those words were one of several "important words" inside Shia. And so her expression became really complicated.



But, the one in question Hajime himself showed not even the slightest sign of joking around, rather he said those words just now with an expression that was even stiffer than the previous night before taking down the emperor castle.



「Calling it "light" is really a cruel remark. After all Shia has firmly taken hold of my stomach. If it's for the sake of Shia's handmade cooking, I'll even pick fight against the world. I won't hold back.」



「My, my handmade cooking as the trigger of a war!? Tha, that's heavy desuu」



Even while she was saying that, if one looked at her rabbit ears whooshing around it was clearly obvious how happy she was. 「Or rather, what kind of situation that will make Hajime-san pick a fight with the world for my cooking? I don't get the meaning at all~」 Shia muttered such things while poking the food with her fork and doing her best to hold back her mouth from grinning widely.



The atmosphere of the two was meal terrorist in a sense, with how it forcefully changed the food in the area to become "sugary taste". Inside the restaurant that was quite bustling there were various guests, but those who were male and came by themselves felt like clicking their tongue.



There was also how Shia was an exceptionally beautiful girl.



Actially since when she first entered the restaurant, she was gathering quite a lot of gaze. Even the restaurant's staffs were stealing glances at her, even the guest who entered after would also surely take one or two gaze at Shia.



Also because normally there would be Yue and others around her, people would recognize her as "one of the beauties", but originally she was a possessor of beauty that couldn't help but gather attention even by herself.



Hajime gazed at the embarrassed Shia with gentle eyes. In order to hide her embarrassment, Shia's stuffed her cheeks *hamu-hamu-hamu* with food. Hajime-san watched with even more fondness at her acting like that……



「Geez. Ple, please don't stare at me like that~」



「Where should I look then huh.」



Hajime spoke with a wry smile. Depending on how to perceive those words, they could also be heard like 「There is nothing else that I should see except Shia」 or 「I want to look at Shia all the time」.



In fact, the male faction inside the restaurant perceived Hajime's words like that. They gritted their teeth audibly and clicked their tongue with a lot of jealousy filling the sound.



A male restaurant staff let his jealousy drove him and he put down the dish he was carrying on the table hard. The hot soup splashed at a male customer and a scream 「Hoott!?」 echoed.



*boguu* Such graphic sound resounded. It seemed there was a male customer receiving a golden right straight from the female he was taking as a date.



It seemed only the seats of the two had different atmosphere around them. If it was in two dimension world, then there would be hearts floating flightily around them. Above all else, Shia's happy smiling face that was filled with a lot of embarrassment and happiness produced a lot of shot victim.



Right now, the sound *splash-* that could be heard must be the sound of a man walking on the road beside the terrace falling into the river. 「Aa~」 such voice could be heard vanishing into distance. It was unknown how far that man would get carried away by the stream.



If Yue was charming people like a moon shining bewitchingly in the night, then Shia was charming people like a sunny spot that was scattering happiness around warmly. Although the vector of the two was different, the demon king's rabbit possessed a charm that wasn't superior or inferior from the bewitching vampire princess.



But, at that time, Hajime looked like he was taking a breather.



「Could it be, the improvement is finished?」



「Yeah. It's properly armed now. A total of four small gatling gun placement at the back, front, left, and right. Then 120 pencil missiles. It's also loaded with torpedo and mine, twenty of each. I'm a bit uneasy with the firepower but, well, it's okay I guess for a quick job. With this it became a safe vehicle more or less.」



Hajime smiled in satisfaction. Shia went 「Rather it's a mass of dangerous things desuu」 with her rabbit ears going limp.



And then, her rabbit ears caught the sound *kasa kasa* that caused her to shudder reflexively. When she turned her gaze toward her feet, all the Arachne-san who had finished their task were currently gushing forth from the terrace floor's gap.



They skillfully used their leg and gave a smart salute before they were enveloped by light one after another, returning into the Treasure Warehouse.



Shia thought, 「Those Arachne-san, they are controlled by Hajime-san right? Somehow I feel a sense of self from them but that must be my imagination right?」. It was scary so she didn't ask though.



「Hajime-san, it's better to not show those Arachne-san in front of Kaori-san or Shizuku-san you know? I was raised in the sea of trees, so I'm all right with insects, but even someone like me shuddered a little seeing a lot of Arachne-san.」



Also, they strangely felt like they had their own will. Countless will at that. Shia whispered so inside her heart while giving Hajime a warning.



Hajime averted his gaze.



「……Hajime-san had criminal record already aren't you?」



「Shizuku was……unable to go out of her room for a while.」



To say further, everything that looked like gap inside the room had tough planks nailed on them so that transmutation wouldn't work and she holed up inside there. Just like how Goddess Amaterasu was hiding inside the Heavenly Rock Cave, it was a hardship to make Shizuku come out.



「Of all people Hajime-san showed it to Shizuku-san whose reaction is the most feminine……just what are you doing?」



「I'm also reflecting about that. You see, Shuuzou-san said to me 『I'm thinking for a renovation, can you help with making a huge underground space?』, so I used a lot of Arachne for construction work but……」



「Shizuku-san unexpectedly encountered them, is that it?」



「They had just finished the first phase and they were returning from the underground. It was then, while they were gushing out in large amount from the house's garden, she saw them.」



Hajime could also use gate to teleport inside Shizuku's room and persuaded her there, but it felt like it would have the opposite effect instead, so Hajime together with the disciples of Yaegashi-style did various things under the operation that was named 『Shizuku-ojou(young miss), Heavenly Rock Cave Operation!』 so that she would come out voluntarily.



In any case, the disciples of Yaegashi-style were proficient in doing performance. Very much so. To the level that made Shizuku spontaneously peeked out from the gap of her door and thought「What? What are they doing? Why are they looking like they have so much fun?」



Hearing that kind of story, Shia directed a pitying gaze to the far away Japan while thinking that next time she would let Shizuku fluffed at her rabbit ears to her heart's content.



But, at that time a commotion suddenly entered Shia's rabbit ears. 「Oh?」 When she turned her gaze to the direction of the commotion, a group of what seemed to be foreigners were already gathering around Triana unnoticed.



「Hajime-san, Hajime-san. People are gathering around the boat you know?」



「Hm? ……Are they sightseeing because its color is different from other boat? Well, leave them alone. It's moving using magic power, so no matter what they do it's impossible to steal it.」



「That's true.」



Shia also returned to her meal while feeling a bit curious. What bothered her was because they didn't look like tourist…….



Or rather, they didn't even look like respectable people. Several of them looked like normal people, but the people surrounding them as though guarding them were emitting aura that was unique to people who were familiar with violence.



Although, there was no way they could become a threat to both of them, so Shia acted as though it didn't bother her.



But, it seemed it was them who had business with Hajime and Shia.



A highly strung middle aged man with blond hair that had been mostly receding was pointing at Triana while asking something to a man nearby who seemed to be a local.



The local male shook his head, but when he called out to other people who seemed to be his acquaintances, although they looked puzzled they still pointed at Hajime and Shia who were continuing their meal at the terrace.



They must be saying that although they wasn't a hundred percent sure, those two might be the owner of Triana.



There was also a man with well-featured face like an actor beside man who looked highly strung. When he looked at Hajime and Shia, his gaze stopped on Shia. And then he raised a voice of admiration that sounded exactly like an actor.



With the "highly strung" and the "sham actor" in the lead, a man who looked like a secretary and five men who seemed to be bodyguards were heading toward the terrace in group.



「Uhee. They are coming here Hajime-san.」



「Leave it to me. I'm often told recently that I have "become mellow". I'll show you how I settle this amicably with a peaceful and cultured communication.」



「I somehow can see the future already.」



Shia's characteristic magic "Future Sight" didn't activate. This was this thing that was commonly referred as "pretend". It could also be called cliché.



"Highly strung" was making a rude entrance into the terrace. And then, as soon as he stood in front of the two's table,



「Oi, you two. Is that boat yours? I'll buy it with cash. This is enough right?」



Without letting the other party getting a say, he slapped a roll of banknotes loudly on the table. His voice was like monkey going 'kiii kii', and his gaze was glaring hard. From the start he didn't have any intention of hearing their opinion, it seemed he was thinking that there was no way his demand wouldn't go through.



Those glaring eyes turned toward the muscular men who were standing by threateningly behind him. He was intending to make his will became known using more than words.



Against such person, Hajime peacefully



「Aaa?」



「Hih!?」



The "highly strung" lost strength in his waist! The fiendish eye gleam that would make even yakuza to run away barefooted tormented the nerve of the "highly strung" with so much torment!



The bodyguards' hand moved to their waist or their breast pocket reflexively.



But, before they could take out something, Shia's voice resounded.



「Hajime-san! Hajime-san! You're a peaceful and cultured person!」



「Oops.」



Hajime patted his own face. What next appeared was an expression that was truly gentle and peaceful. If they hadn't seen the evil countenance just a moment before, then they would surely think that it was truly the amiable expression of a Japanese person. But right now that change instead made it scarier.



「I'm really sorry, but I have no plan to sell that boat. If it's boat you want there are a lot of other boats, how about you take a look at another place?」



「Hih!?」



The "highly strung" was backing away while still sitting on the ground.



「……Shia, what is the meaning of this? I was treating him gently right? Why is that guy scared?」



「That's obviously because Hajime-san showed him what lies behind that smile first.」



Hajime whose expression wanted to say 'I don't get it' caused Shia to make a straight man retort to him.



There, the sham actor came forward.



「Oh no my apologies, to suddenly intrude without even introducing ourselves. The one losing his legs there is Brandon. While I am Wilford. Nice to make your acquaintance.」



The sham actor also known as Wilford put his hand on his chest and respectfully──or rather, with a gesture that was excessively theatrical he greeted with a bow.



「To be able to encounter a Japanese young man with such inspiring aura and a beautiful lady like yourself in this kind of place, truly a travel is really a good thing.」



The smile looked appropriate on the man. He looked like he was familiar with his own charm. If looked from nearby, he was truly a handsome man that would make anyone understood why he had self-confidence. His age must be around the early thirty. He also had adult sex appeal that if it was a normal girl their cheeks would redden unconsciously.



Wilford smiled sweetly at Shia and presented his hand gently. Because Shia's hand was at the direction where his hand was going, perhaps he was intending to make "the greeting of kissing the back of the hand".



「??」



Shia was plainly puzzled and she put the fish her fork stabbed on Wilford's palm. It seemed that she thought Wilford-san was a gourmet and he wanted to say to her 「That fish look delicious so share it with me」.



Hajime almost snorted reflexively, while Wilford's expression was twitching. Even so he said 「This is, thank you so much」 while eating the fish on his palm. His guts was quite something.



「Cough cough. And, Mr. Wilford. Is your business the same like that that man said before?」



「Unfortunately for the two of you, that's correct. No matter what we wish to purchase that splendid boat from the two of you. Can I please ask you to somehow accommodate our request? If it's money we will pay your asking price. Of course, there will be limit if we are using cash though……」



Wilford said that then he took out a check from his pocket. He must be telling them to write any amount they liked. It was a terrifyingly lavish attitude.



「We are a research team from Reletense company. Brandon is the researcher, while I……am someone like a businessman. This will fall under necessary expense so write down your price without reservation.」



Hajime titled his head toward Wilford who was saying such thing with jesting attitude.



「If this isn't a personal project then you should be coming quite prepared right? Why are you doing something like negotiation of boat transaction? It should be something that you prepared or arranged beforehand right?」



「There is an unexpected situation. Life is something that is always moving to an unforeseen bad direction. We have secured boats to some degree, but in our situation it's still a bit lacking, a boat with good performance that is.」



Perhaps it was a miss in the arrangement or perhaps it was the local people who broke the contract in the last moment. In any case, it seemed they lacked the number of boat.



Come to think of it, the line of SUV they caught sight before. If Wilford and his group were riding inside those, then certainly they must have quite the number of personnel and equipment. If their people here weren't all of them, then it seemed to be a fairly large research team.



Although, Hajime's answer was decided. No matter the reason he couldn't hand over something like a boat that was moving with magic power, there wasn't any meaning giving it to them.



「My bad. I want to cooperate here but, that boat is specially made. I cannot hand it over no matter how much money you stack up.」



「Can I ask you to please do something about it?」



Wilford asked doggedly. His words were polite. His face was also smiling. But……joviality was slipping from his eyes.



It seemed this man was far more dangerous than Mr. Brandon.



「I told you already, it's impossible. If it's boat then there are a lot here. Look for it at other place.」



「Your boat is good. I only looked briefly, but with the condition of all the boats here, it won't be strange if they breakdown anytime. With more time we will be able to procure quite some good boats, but we don't want to waste that much time.」



「I understand your circumstance. But, even so I can't. My bad.」



Shia was sending Hajime a gaze that was full with admiration while saying 「Oo~, Hajime-san is properly persuading other with words!」. Was that how much she was thinking that he was a person whose thought was negotiation = violence……. Hajime felt a bit wounded.



「Hmmm. This is troubling. I thought that if it's Japanese person then compromising is their specialty but……. It seems that the youngsters these days is bad at reading the atmosphere. No, peace idiot always exist anywhere. Perhaps it can't be helped that you are lacking in sense of danger.」



A cold gaze was poured from Wilford to Hajime. That gaze could even be called inhuman, normal people who got that gaze directed at them would tremble from a chill. Those eyes were also slowly moving toward Shia.



Wilford's fingertip made a beckoning motion. Following that, a large bodied and tough looking man came forward and bared open his jacket slowly. There was a handgun there.



「What do you think? For the sake of your lovely lover too, won't you allow this negotiation to end up productively by all means here?」



「Negotiation? I think that you are mistaking it with threat though?」



Hajime snorted mockingly. Wilford's eyes narrowed slowly. The bodyguard was moving to circle behind Shia.



It was unthinkable that they would shoot in midday in front of the public, but what if they pressed the gun muzzle from nearby and threatened so they moved away from there……such thing was possible enough.



「Good grief, it's unbelievable that these guys are corporate worker. Or perhaps is your company some kind of private military company or something?」



「Now, I wonder about that──」



Wilford showed a cruel smile, however his words halted.



*clack* He saw the thing that was put on the table.



「……」



「Even if I shot you guys death right now, looking from the gun you guys are keeping in your pocket, it will be undoubtedly a justified self-defense. After all we here are a young couple. While your side is a mysterious organization. There is also a lot of witnesses seeing you guys surrounding us like this.」



Everyone's gaze was fixed on the bizarre large revolver. No matter how they looked, it was a custom made order, what's more it looked well used. And the most terrifying thing was, even though they were all paying attention to Hajime all this time, they didn't notice the gun until the moment he pulled it out.



「……I think that you should put the number of people into your consideration though?」



「I absolutely don't care.」



The sound of gulping saliva could be heard from the experienced bodyguards.



At the same time, there was the abnormal pressure overflowing from Hajime. Certainly, the mood that difference in number wouldn't make any difference was permeating the air.



「……Who are you? Don't tell me, you are aiming for "that" just like us?」



「? That?」



「Chih. So it's only a case of us pulling a bad card huh. Really, life is something that is moving to unexpected direction.」



Wilford clicked his tongue, then his hand made a gesture to back down with his expression looked like he had bitten something sour. The bodyguards pulled back slowly.



「Sorry to have bothered you. We will look for boat at other place.」



「……I see. What's important is that we can understand each other.」



Wilford shrugged his shoulders, then he easily turned around and left. Brandon followed behind him in panic and the bodyguards were leaving the restaurant while staying on guard against Hajime until the end.



「What's with those people I wonder.」



「Who knows. In any case, they aren't decent people for sure. Nothing beats not getting involved with them.」



Hajime shrugged his shoulders while staring sadly at the food that had become cold. He then resumed eating.



Shia also followed suit and resumed eating while whispering inside her heart.



(No matter how you think about it a flag has just been raised desuu. We are absolutely going to get involved with those people again! Because, this is Hajime-san we are talking about!)



The future prediction of Shia whose vocation was "Fortune Teller" was……no, even if it wasn't Shia, anyone who knew Hajime could easily predict that.



The correctness of that prediction……



Would be proven as early as today.



AN: Thank you very much for reading every time.



Thank you very much too for the thoughts, opinions, and reports about misspelling and omitted words.



For some reason I was writing lengthily.



PS



Arifureta Nichijou, has been updated with newest chapter!



Tio has also appeared and it become all the more lively you know~



Please read it by all means.





Chapter 288




Large splashes danced at the broad river with cloudy light brown water. Wave was spreading as though the river was being cut up from something heading upstream.



The cause was a black coated boat――Triana. Taking in water and then jetting it out, all the chain of process was moving with magic power in jet propulsion mechanism, so the driving force was shockingly silent when compared with normal engine that was using propeller mechanism.



「Nn~, it feels good desuu~」



Rabbit ears were energetically flapping *patapatapatapata-*. Shia's whole body was showered by wind while she narrowed her eyes pleasantly.



The speed that couldn't be obtained from the local old boats seemed to grant the rider with pleasant wind. Even Hajime who was similarly basking in the wind while holding the wheel nodded 「You're right」 in a good mood.



「Hajime-san, Hajime-san, I also want to drive.」



「……Just sit obediently there.」



Shia was making her request with eyes that were sparkling with hope, but sadly Hajime whose eyes twitched for an instant rejected it. Shia's cheeks puffed up roundly. It was easy to guess that she was appealing 「I'm dissatisfied desu!」 with that expression.



「I want to drive desuu!」



「Are you a spoiled brat. Even though you puffed up your cheek like that, if I say no then no.」



「Why!? Just what kind of problem is there with me driving!?」



「Dangerous driving.」



'Heh?' Shia tilted her head in puzzlement. Her expression looked as though she had just heard an unknown word. It seemed that at the very least she was believing without a doubt that it was a word that was completely unrelated and inapplicable with her.



「Now see here……」



「Wha, what's with that exasperated face?」



「I'll tell you then if you don't have awareness of it……sometimes there are people who will change completely when they are holding the wheel right? You are exactly that kind of type. Currently Schutaif feels like it's mostly for Shia's exclusive use but…..」



「That's right, if it's vehicle running with magic power, I'm already riding Schutaif around regularly, so there is no problem at all!」



「Try saying how many times you have been chased by the police.」



「……」



Shia stared to the sky. Aa, today too the sky is really clear. For the sky to be this blue……



「Oi, what's the matter rampaging rabbit. I'm telling you to say how many times you've been playing tag with a few dozen patrol cars.」



「……I don't really understand what is it about I wonder――」



「Far from obeying the word 『STOO~PP!』 of the police, you were yelling 『If you can catch me then try to damn catch me desuu!』 while driving recklessly. You were putting out speed more than 200 km/hour even though you were at public highway and won the race by a wide margin, now try saying who that person could possibly be.」



「……」



Shia's rabbit ears were flopping limply as though to say "the rabbit ears feel painful".



However, the reproachful eyes of Hajime-san didn't stop from dealing additional blow. He divulged every evil committed by the rabbit who would rampage when she held the wheel!



「How many times you won against the bunches that looked like delinquents or biker gang while mocking them 『S-LO~OW! DESUU!』? Who is the one who secretly got called as 『the mysterious rampaging anegobig sis』?」



「……Tha, that's a person who accidentally resembled me you know? It's a different person.」



「You know, just in case Schutaif has the recognition obstruction function for its rider, and its number will automatically get rewritten periodically, the police must be unable to identify the criminal.」



By the way, among the polices this person was known as 『the rampaging girl with screw loose』. The high speed riot squad carried out improvement to their car in order to oppose Shia, while the squad members were levied with demonic training in order to raise their driving skill, and finally even the sortie of helicopter became a common thing, but because the criminal's identity was still unknown they were all holding their head in frustration……



「Tha, that's right. The criminal's identity is unknown. In other words, it's not me! Oh dear, in this world there is that kind of outrageous people isn't it!」



Actually, Shia got into the hobby of driving other than her martial art hobby. She was enjoying rampaging at holiday or late at night. What was troubling, rather than driving in vast plain like at Tortus, she preferred to drive at maintained road like at the urban area of earth.



Perhaps she had self-awareness as a bad rabbit who was averting her eyes from Road Traffic Act in full power while merely pursuing speed. It seemed she was intending to keep a secret her hobby of driving recklessly and hid it from her family in her own way but……



Everything was seen through already. Hajime's gaze stabbed at her with that meaning.



*Jii~~-*. *Jirijiri~~~-*.



「Uu……」



「You think the mass media didn't sniff it out after you rampaged that much?」



A girl of unknown identity who although she didn't steal anything, but she was running around at night on bike. No matter how much effort was spent to capture her, she would escape. And mysteriously, it was mysterious how that girl left no impression at all except that she was a "young girl".



It wasn't a complete removal of memory, so there was no way the mass media wouldn't bit at it.



「Bu, but, there isn't anything in the news or anything……」



「Because I dealt with it.」



「Guuu」



She let out 'guu' sound. Shia's gaze kept swimming around a lot. (TN: In Japan, there is a phrase of 'cannot even make a guu sound', which mean someone is so speechless they cannot say anything back)



Hajime-san was making a reproachful stare in the level of Yue while dealing the final blow.



「Before this, Myuu made a mess by doing dog fight with ASDFAir Self-Defense Force using toy aircraft.」



「!」



「When I asked her why did she do that, 『It's unfair that only Shia-oneechan had fun nano! Even though Myuu cannot ride both Schutaif or Brieze! That's why, Myuu played with JSDF officer using Tomcat-tan! Just like Shia-neechan! Just like Shia-neechan!』 she said――」



「I'm really deeply sorryyy! I'm the criminal desuu!」



Shia did dogeza posture on the deck of Triana's bow. On her but, her rabbit tail was flapping *patapatapata-* from wind.



Hajime sighed and patted Shia's head fluffily while saying.



「Because of that reason, not letting Shia holding the wheel while there are other people riding together is the decided matter of Nagumo family emergency family meeting that was held while you were in the middle of rampaging.」



「Tha, that kind of decision was made while I was becoming wind……」



Shia's expression was becoming lost for words while this time she was sitting meekly on her seat. Thinking that she finally accepted it, Hajime too shrugged his shoulders and returned his concentration to the driving.



For a while, while enjoying the wind and the sound of water, Shia suddenly titled her head saying 「Eh?」.



「If everyone know, why didn't anyone stop me?」



Shia didn't know the chronology, but from Hajime's spoke before, it felt like Shia's driving hobby was known already from the start.



Then even though it would be fine if he just stopped her normally, why was he instead didn't say anything and even went as far as quieting the mass media……



Thinking about it, just now too Hajime said to her 「he is riding together so he cannot leave the driving to her」, but he didn't tell her to stop her habitual reckless driving.



Hajime's answer toward that question was,



「You like it right? Running on bike.」



「……」



In other words, it was like that.



He didn't stop her because it was something that Shia liked. Rather, he did all in his power so that Shia could have fun.



The recognition obstruction function that was installed in Schutaif was also a part of it. With Shia's reflex, driving technique, and Schutaif's excellent operability that was working together with direct operation of magic power, surely there wouldn't be any incident even in the slightest chance, but twofold and threefold safety measures were still prepared ahead of time that covered even until the risk of indirect incident. The countermeasure against mass media was naturally also being done.



Shia's expression turned into a look as though she had stuffed her cheeks full with delicious sweets that were extraordinarily sweet.



And then, like that she quietly stood up and wordlessly embraced Hajime's back. She circled her hands around him from behind and hugged tightly. She put her chin on Hajime's shoulder and rubbed her cheek on his side face.



「Oi oi, it's getting hard to drive.」



「You can directly steer using magic power operation righttt~」



Her melting voice sounded as sweet as her expression. Hajime chuckled slightly and he fluffied Shia's head from across his shoulder.



Travel date of just the two of them……the air became sweet anytime there was an opening.



If they were looked from the side, it wasn't any inferior with Hajime & Yue at their Tortus period. If the classmates were here, surely everyone would harmoniously get the malady of vomiting out sugar.



But, at that time, some kind of large object from upstream was flowing near with strong momentum. Shia who noticed that while still embracing Hajime from behind raised her voice「Ah」.



「Hajime-san, a large driftwood is――」



'Right there. It's dangerous.' The moment she was going to say that,



*Uin! Gakon-! Pashu! Chudon-!!!*



「Hm? What did you say?」



The large wood that was flowing in direct course to block the river became the prey of pencil missile!



Triana went right through on the river that was colored with flame blast and water pillar as though nothing had happened. A barrier that let wind passed but deflected rain was blocking the pouring down water. However, the heat wave was caressing Shia's cheek.



Perhaps because of the surprise from the explosion that suddenly occurred, a crocodile put out its head from the river! It tried to run away to the river bank in panic! A lot of birds were flying up from the opposite bank!



The gatling reacted!



*Uin! Gakon-! Stand b~~~~y!*



「WAAAAAAAAAH, CROCODILE-SAN WATCH OO~~~UT DESU!」



Shia leaped at the gatling on the starboard and directed the muzzle up forcefully. At the same time, she took out a metal ball from treasure warehouse and used only her foot to kick it flying, directing the muzzle of the gatling at the ship's port to different direction too.



Rain of bullets flew out to above and rear. Shia slightly didn't make it in time and several shots attacked the crocodile-san and all the bird-san.



A bullet grazed *chuin!* the crocodile-san and it desperately escaped in a state that it felt like「NOOOOOOO-, CROCODILE KILLERRRR!」 such scream could be heard. While all the bird-san, with an act that might be from their instinct, they dispersed with movement so splendid that it felt like「BREAK! BREAK UP!」 could be heard. In addition they succeeded a super dodging from the bullets' trajectory using beautiful barrel roll.



Shia spoke while grabbing hard on Hajime's shoulders.



「Hajime-san, please switch place with me.」



「Why? Just what kind of problem is there with me driving?」



「Dangerous driving.」



'Heh?' Hajime tilted his head in puzzlement. His expression looked as though he had just heard an unknown word. It seemed that at the very least he was believing without a doubt that it was a word that was completely unrelated and inapplicable with him.



Although the vector was different, Hajime too was a habitual offender of doing dangerous driving.



That's dangerous driving just now! Nagumo family, assemble! An emergency family meeting is needed desu!



After that, they were advancing for around an hour while there was scramble for the wheel on the ship.



Hajime and Shia finally arrived at the riverside that was near the rumored ruin that was their destination. From here onward they would walk.



「Huff, huff, Hajime-san you blockhead! In the end you didn't let me to hold the wheel even once!」



「Haa, haa, na, naturally. Shia's driving is dangerous after all.」



Both of them mutually deployed fierce offense and defense with Triana's steering wheel in the line which caused their breathing to somewhat rise. They got down on the bank. Shia was looking at Hajime storing Triana into the treasure warehouse while discharging objection with her rabbit ears looking disheveled.



「It's Hajime-san who is driving dangerously with high killing power!」



「Where. Removing dangerous animal or a driftwood that we won't get away unscathed if we collided with are rather an act that remove danger.」



「Does Hajime-san has the awareness that you are the most dangerous organism in earth? Or rather, just what is dangerous from the bird-san, try saying it.」



「……About the bird-san, honestly it's not like I'm not thinking that I didn't do anything bad. I'll improve the gatling's movement sensor later.」



That wasn't it. In earth where it wasn't like there was a monster, gatling――or rather, something that was functionally a sentry gun being installed in a boat, that act itself was dangerous.



「……That thing was attacking automatically. At least please make it something that is operated manually.」



「Removing Sentori-sensei, you said? How dare you say such rude thing.」 (TN: In Japan, sentry is read as sentori. Also, the sentori here is written with kanji of thousandsen, and birdtori, which is sentry gun's nickname in Japan.)



Hajime who was running on romance couldn't be stopped by anyone. If it wasn't Yue's 'chuu chuu' or Shia's backdrop.



Shia let out a sigh, then she muttered 「This matter is put on hold. It's family meeting when we go home desuu」. For the time being, she overlooked Hajime's troubling hobby. After all, he also overlooked her hobby.



Both of them pulled themselves together and stepped inside the thick forest that was growing up densely.



They walked through trackless path. They were cutting down leaves and branches rapidly using large hatchet. They decided the direction where they should be heading using hand-written map and compass that they received from the village. They weren't using the Compass or satellite picture.



It was an inconvenient and greatly troublesome method, but Shia who was waving around a hatchet and cutting open the path in front looked like she was really having fun. Her rabbit ears were moving really rhythmically from her agile movement avoiding the jutting out branches.



Just when he thought that she liked running through the city, she also liked to go through a pathless forest. In the end, Shia could have fun with anything, in fact, she had fun with everything. It was the way of this gloriously simple rabbit.



「This place is really not bad at all isn't it? The river is nearby, and from the presence it feels like there are a lot of living this here, plants that look edible are also abundant.」



Hajime reflexively laughed hearing that way of talking that sounded like a person searching for an apartment room confirming the site condition. Certainly, they were coming to search for a new base, so making such comment wasn't mistaken but……her migration requirement that sounded like she was saying that the drag store was near, and there was also convenience store nearby, was actually really wild.



「Even after people frequently passed through here, but right now there is no sign of that at all. It just like the people in the village said, this must be a place that usually no one will go near. It's not bad for Karm and others.」



「Looking from the map, as long as they don't cross the river using boat, it will be necessary to take quite a far detour.」



In the middle of talking, Shia hopped. When Hajime looked below her in questioning gaze, several small flowers were blooming there. Hajime also avoided them so to not step on them.



「Hajime-san. Are we going the right way?」



「Hm? Aa, it's fine. It's straight ahead of here.」



「Roger desuu.」



The hatchet's movement stopped still. And then, Shia shifted the position slightly and cut through branches with a single stroke. She advanced forward. Looking closer, the branches that she were going to cut first had spider web laid out on them, a large spider was clinging quietly on it. For the moment Hajime too went through while avoiding the spider web so not to destroy it.



「Oops, it's dangerous you know~」



「?」



Shia swung her hatchet. However, it was obvious from a glance that it wasn't for cutting. She turned the hatchet so its flat surface was facing the direction of her swing. She swung it downward slowly in a scooping way, catching a snake that was rearing its head and gently threw it into the bush.



「You are a Hauria huh.」



「What are you saying?」



'No, nothing', Hajime shook his head with a wry smile.



Karm and others who were fussing about insects. The young boy Par who loved flower.



Everything was the story of distant past. If it was the current them, by the point of time a snake reared its head, it would surely get killed in a snap. With a fiercely glinting eyes and fearless smile tugged on their lips.



It was only Shia who was carrying a fragment of the "gentle forest bunny-sanHauria clan" that had became a phantasmal species right now. It could be said that she was a rare rabbit in another sense.



The one who caused that was Hajime himself, but he put that fact aside and stared warmly at the back figure of Shia who was advancing while paying attention to the forest's fauna and flora.



Like that the two advanced deeper and deeper into the dense forest but after walking for nearly two hours, regardless of how it wouldn't be strange even if the ruin would come into view anytime soon, but at the point of time where not even any hint or shadow of the ruin could be found, Hajime finally started spitting out whining.



「Say, Shia. Compass……」



「No.」



「Just a little bit……」



「Geez-. Hajime-san you modern youngster! You are poisoned too much by the convenient tools! You cannot escape to the easy path just because of a bit of difficulty!」



「Shia-mama, please I'm begging you. I'm already tired here, mentally.」



「Who are you calling mama. Surely it's just a little bit more. Let's work hard without giving up until the end.」



Hajime said jokingly because Shia's speech sounded like a mom, but it appeared that Shia-mama was the ally of a kid who did his best until the end.



The sun would set in just a few more hours, so he only tried saying that for a bit, Hajime thought with a wry smile. He lifted both his hands to show his surrender.



「Nn~, but certainly, I want to at least pinpoint the place within today. ……Yosh, let's try look around a bit from above.」



She was trying to climb tree and found the location of the ruin from above the dense forest.



While Hajime was watching, Shia was……*gugu-* bending her knee. The next moment, *don-* the impact sound came at the same time Shia vanished. No, more precisely she jumped with so much force it caused her to seem to vanish.



「That's like the main character of Mat○ix huh. However it's in real life though.」



Jumping to the sky with a stepping force that caused the ground to undulate. The messiah-sama of a certain movie would fly to the beyond without pause like that, but Shia only came out to the sky above the forest before returning right away.



Softly she landed in a way that felt weightless. Most likely she was decreasing her weigh using gravity magic.



Certainly, it was a searching method that was only using her own strength without any convenient tool at all. Hajime couldn't fully accept it though.



「H~m. I cannot really see anything that look like building. Are we lost?」



「If the ruin is really in the map's position, then our direction shouldn't be mistaken. And it's not like our sense of direction is led astray like in sea of trees, the compass is also moving normally.」



「In that case, this is a problem of distance then. The villager too, 『If I remember right, it's around here I think』, he said it a bit vaguely like that.」



Shia groaned 'mumumu'. For the time being, the two would keep advancing like this. However, they were doing that while Shia was frequently leaping with great jump above the dense forest and checked the surrounding.



A rabbit was hopping *pyon pyon* in a dense forest…….



However, it was a consecutive jump of thirty meter class.



Even though the convenient tools were sealed. As expected Hajime was feeling like he couldn't fully accept this.



Although, it seemed that method was effective. Not even fifteen minutes after that, Shia raised her voice 「Aaa!」



「Discovery! Hajime-san, I discovered iit!」(TN: Not a typo, this is the character speaking with prolonged word. If you found anything like this before than most likely it's also not a typo. But when I reread it, it feels a bit strange way of writing. Can anyone teach me if there is the correct way to write something like this?)



「Oo~, finally. It's worth it going pyon pyon like that huh.」



According to Shia, surely the leaves and branches acted as obstruction so that she couldn't see from above, but when she looked from the angle of 45 degree diagonally, there was an opening between the leaves and branches that was just right for her to be able to see a building. In other words, it was difficult to discover the place using things like satellite picture.



Both of them were heading toward the ruin with footsteps that felt somewhat excited.



The more they got nearer to the ruin, the trees became thick, and the density of the plants also increased. It was as though the nature itself was blocking any invasion.



Shia was cutting apart those plants with hatchet. The sword pressure, not, the hatchet pressure's shockwave blew away the obstruction while they advanced, and finally that figure appeared.



「Oo. Indeed, it's a ruin that makes us feel its many years.」



「The vegetation is dense, that might be why the area around here is gloomy. It feels a bit eerie. It feels like I can understand why the villagers fear it.」



Inside the gloomy dense forest, a ruin made from stone was standing quietly. Stones with size even bigger than human adult that were unknown from where and how they were brought here were piled up to form the structure. The cut section was surprisingly smooth, giving the impression that the stones were sticking perfectly to each other.



Although, weeds and roots were sticking out from between the stones, the whole building was covered crowdedly with vines, and the stones themselves were also looking cracked and weathered.



Grown tree broke through the building. It could be clearly seen how the passage of time affected even the stones.



The construction itself was extremely simple. The size was around a largish residence that could be found in countryside. It didn't have two floors, but a one-story building. There was no door. A gaping wide hole was filled with spreading darkness that looked inviting.



After Hajime and Shia exchanged gaze, they nodded once to each other and stepped inside.



……Fifteen minutes later.



「There is really nothing at all!」



「Please give me back my thrill desuu!」



Inside the ruin, Hajime and Shia's tsukkomi echoed.



In fact, the inside was so empty to the degree that it made them wanted to make tsukkomi about just what with the atmosphere of the ruin that looked like there would be really something.



「Well, this is after an investigation has been done here, even if there was something here it's obviously had been taken away. But still, it should be a bit more, like……right?」



「I understand what Hajime-san want to say. Something that can make us imagine the livelihood of the people in the past, or like painting in the wall that will make brain ponder 『Mu? What is this picture expressing?』, or like trace of relief, something like those!」



「Yep yep, something like those!」



A beat later.



「Good grief, what a total let down.」



「Good grief, what a total let down desuu.」



Hajime and Shia's shoulders dropped with their voice matching each other.



Surely, if the ruin had its own will, it would surely object「No, even if you told me that. Or rather, who the hell are you guys」 without a doubt.



Well, this was earth, there was no way there would be that many unexplored region that was filled with mystery and puzzle like in Tortus. Both of them quickly left from the ruin.



「Until the sun set, it will be one more hour I guess? What to do Shia. We finally find a building, I think it's fine to stay here for today.」



「You're right. But if we have one hour, we can explore the surrounding quite a lot you know? From the start, our objective is to search further back from the ruin, while the ruin is only as replacement boundary to repel people, how about going to take a look for a little?」



「Well, if it's just searching the surrounding, starting from now isn't too bad……」



Hajime made a little wry smile at Shia who was really active. And then, he followed behind Shia who was energetically stepping deeper into the forest behind the ruin.



Before long the sun had completely set. Hajime and Shia doubled back to the ruin with hurried pace while thinking that they had spent a bit too much time for the search.



Suddenly, Shia's rabbit ears twitched around in reaction.



「Eh?」



「What's up Shia?」



「Uu~n. There are people. At where the ruin is.」



「At this kind of time? I wonder if it's the local people coming for test of courage here?」



It was just an inch from complete darkness if there was no light. The moonlight also didn't reach inside this dense forest. That was about the only possibility that Hajime thought was possible.



But, that prediction of Hajime was immediately proved wrong.



「No, I think that's not it. It feels like there are totally a lot.」



「Is it a large number of people? About how many?」



「I don't know clearly but……thirty? No, it's more than forty.」



「That's a lot! Seriously!」



As expected even Hajime's eyes opened wide in surprise.



「What to do, Hajime-san?」



「In any case, we won't understand the situation from here. Besides, I'm also curious why a lot of people is visiting that empty ruin in this kind of time. Let's approach without getting found out by those guys and confirm what they are doing.」



Shia nodded at Hajime's suggestion and the two approached the ruin while erasing their presence.



The more they got near, even Hajime became able to sense the presence of a lot of people. In addition, when they came until a few dozen meter away from the ruin, they understood from the gaps of the branches and leaves that the area around the ruin was illuminated brightly as though it was afternoon.



Hajime and Shia looked at each other's face and without pause they soundlessly leaped on a thick tree branch where they could look over the whole ruin.



「Oi oi, seriously? Where this investigation team came from?」



「After this long? When it's already been investigated?」



Ahead of their gaze, there were several large tents set up in front of the ruin. Great number of large lighting illuminated the surrounding, furthermore equipments of unknown function were set up here and there.



「I don't really know the detail, but everything looks like of nice quality. They are obviously aren't from around here.」



「Foreigner……perhaps, they are from USA. There are a lot of them. The Americans are around twenty people, and the locals……perhaps around thirty, including the presence inside the building?」



「Seems so. ……Oi, Shia. Can you see the logo on those tents and machineries?」



「Ee~rr, yes yes, I can see it you know? It's a picture like an arrow stabbing on a treasure box with opened lid?」



「Aah. That huh, I remember seeing it somewhere.」



Most likely it was a logo of a company that manufactured or possessed machinery and so on. Hajime seemed to know about the logo. Shia asked him 「Where did you see it?」.



Hajime's expression was really complicated while saying 「Was that a flag, god damn it」, he then opened his mouth to answer.



「At the restaurant in Puhang.」



「That's, could it be……」



Yes, Hajime saw the logo when the guy who seemed to be the bodyguard of that sham actor too off his jacket. There was the same logo at the inner part of that jacket.



As expected, from the tent that was conspicuously larger than the other, a familiar man came out while fiddling with a tablet.



「Look, that guy. It's Will Turner.」



「That's not it. It's Helmut-san.」



It was Wilford-san.



By no means that person was the quasi-main character of a certain pirate movie, or an evil dragon of a sky world.



That Wilford watched the table while thinking about something. Sometimes he gave instruction ot the local people.



The figure of that "highly strung" Brandon could be seen. He was giving instruction to his fellow Americans that looked like researchers who seemed to be his underlings.



There were also muscular men around a bit distance away from the tents and ruin, although from where the two were standing they couldn't see anything that looked exactly like gun, but the men were running their sharp gaze at the surrounding forest.



「Those guys, so this is their destination.」



「As expected it was a flag isn't it? As expected of Hajime-san.」



「You're noisy. At any rate, these bunches, just what in the world they are doing at this empty ruin that had been investigated――」



'Already', the word that Hajime was going to say was stopped midway.



「aAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!」



By the scream that sounded like the yell of death throe resounding from inside the ruin.



The place suddenly became noisy.



A local man rushed out from inside the ruin.



He screamed while rolling around on the ground, and before long he stopped moving. The hand pressing on his face lost strength and fell limply on the ground.



The face of the expired man was melting tragically.



AN: Thank you very much for reading this every time.



Thank you very much too for the thoughts, opinions, and reports about misspelling and omitted words.



I have fun writing the conversation with Shia.



As the result, the story doesn't progress.



It looks like my serious power was used up at Kouki-arc, please bear with me until I recover.





Chapter 289




「No, is this real Indi○na huh.」



「Or perhaps, this is The M○mmy or To○b Raider isn't it.」



That was their impression of the gruesome death of a person in front of their gaze. From the view point of the people who had the experience of repeated adventure in another world, they had already seen even more gruesome death, so perhaps it could only be said that their reaction couldn't be helped.



「Even so, there should be nothing inside that ruin though……」



Below, people were gathering around the man who died with melting face and yells were flying around. Hajime whispered dubiously while watching that.



「Did we fail to notice it?」



「Let's confirm it from now.」



*rustle rustle*, the familiar figures of the jack of all trades Arachne-san that became regular made appearance. One of the Arachne-san swung its leg as though to say 「You bastards! It's time for workkk!」 before leading all the other Arachne ahead.



Their figures simultaneously heading to the ground by grappling on string looked like the rappel of a special army unit.



Shia was watching that sight with an expression like 「As expected they really have a will isn't it? But as expected it's scary so I can't ask!」, while beside her Hajime took out his smartphone.



It was hybrid smartphone that combined the modern technology with crustal display made in another world. Basically, the smartphones of Hajime and co were all of hybrid made, it could contact another world, displayed status, fired laser of concentrated super small sunlight with the thickness of a needle, anyway it was multifunction.



Right now, one of its functions, the function of sight sharing with Arachne was activated. At the same time, the screen was a bit small to be watched together with Shia, so the hologram function (midair display) that was created from earth's programming technology, another world's magic (space magic and so on), and special ore like distant penetration stone etc. was activated.



In the air before the eyes of Hajime and Shia, the field of vision of Arachne-leader that was projected from the smartphone was created three dimensionally. At the corner of the main projection, there were also small reflections lining up in a vertical line. Those were the field of vision of all the other Arachne.



「Yosh, there is no problem with the sight linking. Erst until Funfte go toward the ruin. Sechste until Neunte, head inside the surrounding tents.」



Hajime who sounded like he was giving instruction to the Arachne caused Shia to crack her necks while putting some spirit 「Yo~sh, I'm going to put in tsukkomi nooww~」.



「Hajime-san Hajime-san. Hajime-san is controlling all the Arachne-san aren't you!? Why are you making them saluting like 『Rogeer!』 while following your order!? As I thought they have will aren't they!? It's true isn't it!?」



Hajime showed a doubtful expression as though saying 'This bunny, just what is she spewing on?'. Shia was irritated.



「Don't say scary thing like that, Shia. They aren't Myuu's golem squadron. There is no way they have will or anything right? I just programmed them to act to some degree when they receive voice input. They are golem, but I'm also equipping them with earth's robot technology you know?」



「……That salute is also included in that?」



「Yeah. After all I used Arachne a lot for situation that demand secrecy. I put in the program based on the reference from the action pattern of special squad, but I've gone through that much trouble, so putting in salute movement while I'm at it should be okay right?」



If that was the case, then it wasn't strange……was it? Shia's rabbit ears dropped down powerlessly.



When she glanced at the display, she caught sight the Arachne bunches were skillfully raising two of their legs, doing reaction as though expressing 「Good griefyare yare」.



「Their performance is really detailed isn't it. Is that also an action pattern that is inserted into them?」



「Hm? Which one?」



Hajime returned his gaze from Shia toward the display. All the Arachne-san already resumed their action in order to accomplish their work.



「No, that's why I said, it's their movement of shrugging their shoulders as though saying 『good grief this girlyare yare daze』.」



「That's why I'm telling you Shia, stop that. Do you want to scare me? There is no way they can move like that even though I'm not giving instruction right?」



「……」



Shia stiffened still. Her rabbit ears were standing on end with shudders. Shia wanted to insist 「The one who is scared is me desuu! As I thought, those Arachne-san, they are possessed by something for sureee!」, but it didn't seem like it wouldn't be just merely a snake that would come out if she poke the bush.



And so, 「After this, I'll consult with Myuu-chan, let's do that」 Shia swore inside her heart while she made tsukkomi at another matter.



「Cough-. Then one more thing. Does Hajime-san named those Arachne-san?」



「More or less. It will be more convenient in various things if they have individual name right?」



「Their name sounds terribly familiar for me though.」



The platinum apostles flashed at the back of her mind. The people who Shia worked hard to beat to death.



Hajime grinned widely,



「Great name right?」



He said such thing. It really sounded like sarcasm. The names of the opponents who she once carried out mortal combat with were used to name subordinate golems……



「If the people of Tortus heard it, it's easily something that they will yell 『Accursed thing!』 for……」



「The civilian doesn't know as far as the names of the apostles so it's fine. In the first place, Shia, try looking at Japan's literary work. Whether it's god or devil, they are toyed around a lot just as anyone liked in their work don't you see. Even things like erogeerotic game won't blink an eye to do it. Like a certain archangel, just how much terrible experience that angel met in the past……」



「Can you stop talking about eroge in front of your lover!? Besides I think that Japanese people's karma is just too deep desuu!」



「I cannot deny that huh. Recently anything will get turned into story character, and even after that it will be anything goes for them following where the creator's heart is going. But, I'm proud from the bottom of my heart toward such people in that business.」



Hajime said such thing with a serious and tense expression. Toward such Hajime, Shia thought 「This person, no rather Japan is totally no good. There is no saving them anymore desuu」 while holding her rabbit ears. She wanted to see the face of the parents who raised such son. Although the parents were manga artist and game company president. The father was in the middle of diligently producing a new eroge!



While they were making such stupid talk, the group of Arachne who were given the name of god's apostles accomplished infiltration into their respective target safely.



Hajime put his finger on a midair display and slid it to the center in order to make the vision of Sechste who infiltrated the nearest tent as the main screen. The screen could be directly controlled with the concept of touch panel.



Sechste was sticking on the ceiling through the tent's framework, taking a bird's eye view to overlook the whole tent.



「This is……how should I say it, my heart is fluttering.」



「Isn't that right! My heart is drumming fast here!」



What was displayed in the midair display was a single room that was covered with transparent curtain and people wearing protective outfit who seemed to be researchers. No matter how they looked at it, it was a sterilized room, or perhaps a quarantine room.



Those factors that didn't suit as facility for ruin investigation caused the eyes of the two to sparkle with curiosity.



The image from Siebte and others who also accomplished their infiltration into other tents didn't project only the image of excavation equipments, there were also a lot of things like some kind of measurement devices and sensor equipments.



One of the Arachne circled to the back of Wilford.



Wilford was investigating the condition of the melted man. He then gave some kind of new instruction, persuaded the scared locals to make them return to their work. Perhaps because of that he looked a bit tired and shrugged his shoulders in exasperation. It seemed that he kept making exaggerated gesture like drama even when no one was looking.



The Arachne who stuck on his shoulder without getting noticed then……



「Hajime-san. This Arachne-san, it's mimicking the movement of Luffy-san and then pointing using its leg see. Ah, this time its putting two legs on its mouth while twitching. I can hear its voice of heart saying 『You saw the reaction just now? Laame~~e! Gi~ggle giggle』.」



「Eh, strange. This guy……Neunte, you again. Come on, Neunte! Work properly! Don't make strange movement! Okay, movement check! Lift upper right! Lift upper left! Don't lower your right, lower your left! Ah, oi! Don't lower your right! What are you doing lowering it along with the left! Is the voice recognition blurred?」



「……Somehow, Neunte and Erst are coming to mind though. Being able to see them following Hajime-san's order playing raising the flag game is really surreal.」



The god's apostles expressionlessly raising and lowering their hand. Sometimes they made mistake and became flustered.



Certainly, it was a terribly surreal sight.



By the way, Shia was calling Wilford as Luffy was because in the end the two were unable to recall his correct name, and as the result of the two of them complementing each other's memory, they decided that the guy's name sounded like Luffy, should be! And so they called him like that. The self-proclaimed businessman Wilford-san might be aiming to become a pirate king before long like this.



「Leave alone Neunte. What about Erst?」



They switched the screen to the vision of Erst who was at the main objective. The timing was just right when Erst arrived at the room where a lot of workers were gathering. It stuck at the corner of the ceiling and took overhead view.



「They are digging a hole. What's more they are really going all out.」



「Looks like it. There might be something underground. Zweite. Go right above them.」



Hajime kept Erst's overhead view in position while he gave instruction to Zweite to take the recording from right above the hole. Shia showed a deeply emotional feeling thinking 「Aa, that person who I shaved to death using 100 ton hammer + drill」.



「This thing……it seems, there really is a path going underground.」



「Path……is it? It looks like a rectangle well though?」



「No, try looking closer. There, look.」



Saying that, Hajime magnified the image while pointing.



Inside the image, a rectangle hole was projected. It had the size where there would still some space left even if a lot of men were lining up inside it. The rectangle hole was hardened with stone on its four sides, stretching to straight below.



Indeed, it was just as Shia said, in a glance, it was more fitting to call it as "well" rather than "path".

