


But, if one looked closer at where Hajime's finger was pointing at, protrusion like ladder was jutting out in regular interval from the stone wall, furthermore, something like a tube that was giving out some kind of white smoke was sticking out.



「You will get it if you look at that tube's surrounding. The man whose face melted just now. Most likely, when he was in the middle of going down that ladder, the acid or something flying out from that tube got him. Don't you think it's really dangerous for just a well?」



「Certainly, after all it might enter into water for daily life if that's a well.」



In other words, it was a vertical route to underground.



What's more, the word "secret" was attached to it. Around that vertical path, the stone floor was destroyed by heavy machinery, and the soil beneath it was dug up and wreckage was scattered around. From the condition there must be no mistake of this conclusion.



And then, looking from how even now there were the figures of locals excavating the vertical path until around five meter below, it could be seen how that path was completely buried with rock and soil. And fairly severely at that.



「Putting aside the floor and stone, there are quite a lot of stones covered with soil. What's more they are manufactured to be like that to a certain degree.」



「In other words……」



「The path wasn't buried naturally. It was intentionally blocked by covering it with several layers of soil and processed huge stone.」



When Hajime said 「This thing is looking more and more like India○-san huh!」, Shia went 「No no, if I have to say which is this, then this must be Ra○der-san you know, surely! Ah, but, an ancient mummy just like in The Mu○my! That possibility cannot be dismissed yet!」 Their tension was rising.



「Now then, Shia-san, what to do yah.」



「Of course, we are going to expose the secret sleeping underground, Hajime-san yah.」



Hajime and Shia chuckled 'fu-fu-fu' suspiciously while facing each other. It seemed they couldn't help but feeling their heart fluttering from encountering an ancient secret at their travel.



「Suppressing these guys and then asking them just what kind of information they got is the fastest way but……」



「I am in the faction of conquering a game without looking at the strategy guide desu.」



「An adventure has to be like that I guess. My transmutation magic will shine here. Let's slip underground using different route from them and pay our respect to the ancient secret faster than them.」



This was an excavation team that spent money for this enterprise. They also had special equipment and machinery. In that case, this wasn't a simple academic investigation. Ahead there should be a profit that would worth the investment for sure. A profit in the form of treasure.



「Hajime-san Hajime-san. Let's do that. Leaving behind a message, just like phantom thief!」



「That's good idea! 『We will receive the treasure first――」



「――by demon king and rabbit』 isn't it!」



The demon king-sama and the bug rabbit-san of the forest bumped their fist while going 'yaa~y' with their motivation going through the roof.



Both of them kept their presence hidden while jumping down from the tree. Then they turned back to inside the thick forest where the armed guards couldn't see them at all.



Shia's rabbit ears were swooshing-swooshing around 「Quu-iick! Quu-iick!」 while she was frolicking around. Hajime sent a glance at such her before he activated transmutation magic while smiling.



While the crimson spark surged vividly, a large hole that the two could enter easily even if they walked side by side was opening. Furthermore it was stair shaped. In addition, so that there wouldn't be even the slightest chance for the soil to collapse, the surrounding was thoroughly reinforced with metal plate.



Like that, they went down the stair to underground while advancing the transmutation. It didn't even take ten seconds until their figure vanished completely from view.



「For now, when we reach the depth of around 8 meter, how about we try connecting the path to that vertical path right from the side?」



Hajime confirmed the angle of the path and transmuted a cave aiming to the depth that had been dug until this point plus three meter. He didn't make any change to the ground, but he transmuted the wall and ceiling into metal plate while setting chemical light on the wall in order.



Of course, Hajime had "Night Vision", and Shia was also a beastman, so her night vision was in the effective side. In addition, she possessed super excellent rabbit ears that could grasp the space three-dimensionally to a certain degree from the echo of footsteps even inside a complete darkness, so they wouldn't be that troubled even without lighting.



Having said that, being inside total darkness would depress the mood by quite much. In fact, their feeling was eased to some extent by the green light illuminating the underground path.



As though to express such feeling, the path that was illuminated by green chemical light looked like Orcus Great Labyrinth. The two of the looked at each other and smiled.



The smartphone was showing the position of Erst that was left behind at the surface, so without any mistake in the angle, the underground passage collided into a stone wall before long. A subtle vibration was transmitted through it, so without a doubt right above them was the vertical passage that was being worked on.



Surely the people above there would never imagined even in their wildest dream, that there was already people right below the passage that they were desperately digging while trembling with fear from the risk of melting liquid trap flying at them anytime.



「We are going to follow along the vertical passage to below just like this.」



「I wonder how deep this passage is going to continue.」



A spiral staircase was created vertically along the stone wall.



While digging down deeply underground, in the midway, there were devices set up along the wall everywhere. There wasn't just melting liquid, gadget that fired short arrow, mechanism that thrust out spears, a set up of rotating sword came flying, etc, etc……



It would be pitiful if the number of the locals that got sacrificed increased, so Hajime casually destroyed them. 'What a consideration that is really like a Japanese people', was the praise that Hajime sang in his heart.



Most likely there were other traps at surface other than the wall. If he was a person who really thought about the locals, he would destroy all of that but……Hajime-san ignored that aspect.



Before long, they dug down until a depth that felt really deep, and around the time they were thinking just when this vertical path would end, they finally reached stone paving under their feet.



「……So deep.」



「From the bodily sensation, it feels like it's around forty meter deep.」



「Measuring our distance with Erst……it's a total of 43 meter. If the height until the ceiling is excluded, then certainly it's around 40 meter.」



Hajime measured the distance using his smartphone while transmuting the stone paving under his feet. Under the opened hole, darkness spread like a gaping open mouth. A really indescribable smell stabbed the nose.



Based from what he could confirm using "Night Vision", he couldn't see anything really strange. Hajime looked at Shia, but her rabbit ears weren't particularly reacting.



Just in case, Hajime tried dropping a chemical light. It raised *clong* sound at about three meter below and rolled, but there was nothing around the light. He could only see stone paving. There was nothing reacting at all.



Hajime and Shia nodded at each other and leaped down to the underground space.



And then……



A sound rang from below Shia's feet.



*Gakon-* It sounded.



It was a strangely nostalgic ominous sound.



The stone floor sank down slightly. Shia tilted her rabbit ears saying 「Eh?」. At that moment, spear jutted out from the wall at the side!



「Hyowa!?」



「Nuwah!?」



Shia bent backward to dodge the spears. Hajime who was right behind her unusually raised a small scream and caught the spear. The spear tip stopped right before his right eye. It was relatively close.



「Shia, why did you dodge huh? I thought you are going to catch or hit the down, so I got a bit surprised there.」



「So, sorry. Somehow I was reminded of the past and I reflexively dodged.」



「At Raisen huh……」



At Raisen Great Labyrinth, Shia once fell into whole load of booby trap and she evaded with desperation. It seemed that the memory of that time was resurrected inside her.



When they looked around the surrounding once more, the path that was made from stone stretched deeply into the left and right. The passage was splendidly created with width of five meter and height of three meter. There was metallic door on the wall, most likely if they passed through the vertical passage, they would come out from there.



Hajime got it. The trap just now, then this passage, certainly it was a vivid reminder of Raisen Great Labyrinth.



「Even so……is this really an ancient ruin? If that's the case, the stone making technology at that time really surpassed the imagination.」



「At television or internet, theory like 'the ancient civilization possess advanced technology!' often comes out though.」



Even though many years had passed to the degree that the stone had weathered, the trap was still working, the underground passage was still properly remaining without caving in. Furthermore the depth was forty meter. Certainly, "an ancient civilization that possessed advanced technology" that might be featured in television could be smelt here.



「And, which path we are going to take?」



「Let's see……. Shia, how about trying to use "Assumption Future"? You are a diviner (lol) right? Isn't it your role to show the future?」



「Please don't add (lol) at someone's vocation.」



「Because, your vocation is "MonkMartial Artist" no matter how you think about it right? Or else "Asura" or "Martial Arts God"……or perhaps "Berserker"? At the very least, you ain't a fortune teller showing the future who is living quietly deep inside the forest.」



If she kept silent, then her appearance would "fit" her vocation. Her faint bluish white hair, her beautiful features. If she would even wear a shrine maiden outfit and lived quietly in place like a shrine deep inside forest, then she would really look like a mystical fortune teller that see through the world.



Even by mistake, a person who used ability only for battle like 'Seeing through the opponent's movement several seconds ahead and beating them to death by making the first move! Super warrior who is impossible to get ambushed by detecting every fatal surprise attack!' couldn't be called as "the forest's honored fortune teller".



Shia averted her gaze. "Assumption Future", an ability that essentially was to see through the future by the assumption of "What happen if this option is picked?". She almost never used it, so she couldn't really argue back. Though she objected just in case.



「But but, divination is my forte. My fortune telling often hit the mark, and it's popular among the girls. Especially the girls in the class, they often consult me you know?」



「The problem is, that even though divination is your forte, you yourself doesn't particularly like it or anything. Your hobby is martial arts and bike. ――Fortune telling? I can do any kind of variety and it will come true with high probability but, it's not like it's my hobby desu――right?」



「……」



Shia averted her gaze and rabbit ears. And then, as though evading that topic, she used "Assumption Future". What if they went to the right passage? In case of left passage? Like that.



Her rabbit ears were bobbing up and down *myon myon*.



「Mumuh, I'm getting it Hajime-san! No matter which way is totally filled a lot with traps!」



「……」



Hajime's fixed staring stabbed her.



「Bu, but it's fine! I don't feel any danger! Because generally I'll pulverize them all right from the front!」



Hajime wordlessly took out a chemical light. And then, he held it so it stood on the ground and he released his finger. *Pote-* It fell toward the left passage.



「Yosh, let's take the left. The light pointed to the left. It's a good omen.」



「……Just what in the world I who consumed vast magic power to divine the future was doing……」



Behind Hajime who quickly advanced to the left passage, Shia was following him while directing a sad gaze.



A few hours after that.



Just like Shia's divination, the two of them met a storm of traps.



――Countless spears stabbing out from the ground



Shia blasted them altogether with the ground using tremor step.



――Melting liquid sprayed in misty shape from the wall



Shia blew it away with fist pressure.



――The hanged ceiling fell



Shia pulverized it with Shouryuu○ that pierced the sky.



――A pitfall trap with line of spears set up below



By using metamorphosis magic "Steel Clothes", she destroyed the spears like that.



※Shia's metamorphosis magic "Steel Clothes" : Just like Tio's "Dragonification", it was a technique that morphed a part of her body into steel. It made its first appearance at the main story's last arc chapter 「The Young Girl With Rabbit Ears is Excelling」.



――Rolling giant rock



Nijuu ○ Kiwami! (TN: A fist technique from Rurouni Kenshin)



And then now……



*Ranranra~n♪* The passage that Shia was walking through with light footsteps had flame with terrifying amount of heat jetting out from both side of the walls and the ceiling.



At the beginning of the passage, Hajime was staring at Shia who was swallowed by flame with an expression that couldn't say anything. Rather, he was even harboring sympathy to the creator of this underground space that was littered with traps.



「What a trifleee! Spirit defensee-!!」



Shia did something. Shockwave ran to all direction and pushed back the flame. The walls and ceiling cracked and the flame also stopped.



Naturally, let alone scald, Shia wasn't even sooty.



「……Shia. What is spirit defense?」



「I created it using a certain muscle head bug character as reference, a technique that do spirit defense!」



Hajime thought. That ain't explaining it at all.



Perhaps, it was the defensive technique, "Vajra" that Hajime used, which she learned using spirit?



While advancing forward, Hajime asked Shia with a twitching expression.



「Is there, any other technique you created using that certain bug character as reference?」



「Of course there is! Next I had finished learning Shia Impact and Eternal Shia Fever!」



「Serious, ly……」



Shia was radiant in this comedic exchange, would something rush out from her whole body……?, thinking so, Hajime directed an expression that could be seen as trembling with fear toward Shia. At the same time, he hallucinated the vision of Shia turning into a brawny lump of muscles taking a pose of most muscular.



Hajime went around and cut in front of Shia who was walking ahead in a good mood, the he grabbed both her shoulders hard and pleaded from very close distance.



「Shia, keep being as you are forever, forever.」



「Ye, yes? What's with you Hajime-san, so suddenly. Your eyes are so serious it's scary though……」



Shia was somewhat creeped out. That was just how much Hajime was serious. He didn't want to see a macho Shia!



「At any rate, this underground space, it's wider than I thought. Geez, rather than calling it a space it's completely a labyrinth. The mountain of physical traps too, it's seriously like Raisen Great Labyrinth.」



「It's far better with no annoying comments coming out at all though~」



When thinking that under the vertical passage there was this space and a treasure was sleeping there beyond doubt, then it was rather that the main event was starting from there. The vertical passage seemed to be nothing more than the entrance into the underground labyrinth.



Around this time they became genuinely curious about the objective of Wilford and co.



「An amazing treasure might be sleeping here.」



「Is it treasure of gold and silver I wonder~. If we discover it, it feels like we are going to become the man of hour isn't it~」



They were chatting idly like that while crushing the mountain of booby traps that were highly filled with killing intent from the front (mainly by Shia) and advanced for a while.



Hajime suddenly 「Oh?」 leaked out a voice.



「What's wrong?」



「The excavation work is halted. ……Looks like while we are getting absorbed with the exploration here, around three more people become sacrifice. The locals are getting really scared. Luffy is saying something.」



Hajime gave instruction to Neunte to pick up the voice of Wilford.



「……Looks like he is making them staying by raising up the compensation reward. Also, it looks like the lowering of their moral is really bad, that today he is giving rest to everyone.」



「How much their progress has advanced?」



「Around fifteen meter I think. Tomorrow, it feels like they will reach the bottom just before noon at the latest.」



「Come to think of it, the date already changed to the next day. Fun time makes it feels like the moment just flies away isn't it~」



The underground labyrinth that normally would produce dead victims in unit of dozens seemed to be no different than an attraction at amusement park for the current Shia.



But, at that time, *kyuu~~~* such sound rang out. Shia pushed on her stomach in a flash.



「Ehehe. I'm hungry.」



「Come to think of it, we didn't take dinner huh. We got too high spirited.」



Shia blushed shyly. Hajime smiled warmly while proposing a break.



「Those guys reaching the underground space will be tomorrow noon anyway, even at the fastest it will be a few hours after the sun rise. They won't catch up. Let's us rest for today too.」



「Yee~s. Theenn, I will prepare the dinner quickly~」



The two of them picked a spot casually. Shia took out the "Anywhere System Kitchen" from her treasure warehouse and quickly began to cook. Beside her, Hajime took out sofa bed and table set and endeavored in forming a pleasant space. Of course, he also didn't forget setting up Sentori-senseisentry gun.



Like that, by the time Shia finished making dinner……



Well, how should it be said. The dreary ancient underground labyrinth that was overflowing with highly murderous traps was changed into a lovely space that was decorated by warm lantern light.



Antique table set, the sofa bed of highest class, Sentori-sensei, and then hearty beef stew that stirred up the appetite.



The technique of the artisan was shining there.



After saying 'itadakimasu', Hajime wolfed down the dinner greedily.



「Second.」



「Geez-, are you chewing properly? Beef stew isn't a drink you know?」



Even while saying that, it seemed that Shia was happy seeing Hajime engrossed in eating her cooking yummily, so Shia's expression was warm and loose. Her rabbit tail was fluttering around *furifuri*, and her rabbit ears were bobbing up and down *myo~n myo~n*.



Surely eve the ancient people would never even imagined it in their wildest dream. Even though they were making "labyrinth that would absolutely kill the intruder", a sight of newly wedded spouses were developing there instead.



After that, they did things like harmoniously cleaning the plates side by side and cleared away the meal before falling sound asleep on the sofa bed while clinging closely to each other.



Next morning.



The excavation work already resumed on the surface ground. By the time the work reached a point of just several meter above the underground space, the two sleepyheads finally woke up and aimed to the deepest part in a bit of hurry.



Like that at the destination that they reached.



There, for the first time the two discovered "that" which wasn't strange to be there originally.



「Finally huh. All this time I have been thinking that it's strange but……」



What they found was a corpse that had already turned into skeleton. There were also things like sword and armor falling around. Looking at this labyrinth that was fully loaded with lethal traps, it wouldn't be strange even if there were a lot more corpses lying around everywhere. It was also strange how they only found a corpse at the deepest part.



「It can also be seen as though it's protecting that door.」



Just as Shia said, the corpse was found at the deepest part, lying down with its back leaning on the door. From its equipment too, in a glance it gave the impression that it was protecting the door to the death so no one would pass.



For the time being, thinking to check inside the door, Hajime avoided the corpse and put his hand on the door.



It was a large metallic door. It didn't move even with Hajime's physical strength. Thinking that perhaps it was a sliding door, he tried moving it aside, but as expected it didn't move.



「Hajime-san, what is this depression here?」



「Hm? ……Keyhole, perhaps?」



「In that case, without a key normally no one cannot enter then.」



Shia ran her gaze at the spot around the corpse. But, she didn't find anything that looked like key.



「Can't be helped. We already used cheating technique to enter the underground space anyway, we don't need to search a key or anything at this late.」



Hajime said that and put his hand on the metal door. Crimson spark surged and the door was changed into mere ingot.



Hajime and Shia stepped inside the door that was forcefully opened.



「Corpse again huh……」



「It's not silver and gold treasure isn't it. Ah, but, that corpse-san, it's holding something.」



From its skeletal frame, it must be a female corpse. Inside the room that was around the size of six tatami, a single skeletal corpse was lying down. They didn't find any precious treasure, rather it was a dreary room.



Therefore, the blackened metallic box that the corpse was holding looked even more standing out. It was as though a mother was embracing her child, especially with how the body was curled up embracing it like it was a precious treasure.



「This must be it. This is those guys' objective.」



「Must be. Quickly, let's take a look at the content!」



*Waku wakuthrill, doki dokiexcitement*. It seemed that there was something really important entered inside.



But, no matter how tough the lid was, no matter who secure the seal was, as long as it was made from mineral, it was meaningless against Hajime.



'Now, I'm opening it', Hajime used transmutation magic――



Just before he could.



「-!? Do, don't, Hajime-san!!」



「!?」



Shia sent the metal box flying from Hajime's hand. Her rabbit ears stood tensely on their end, her eyes that were shining with curiously was dyed with the color of vigilance.



「O, oi, Shia. Just what is it?」



「……That is, a bad news. It activated after so long.」



Hajime guessed it from her words. At the same time, his vigilance jumped up to the highest level.



「You got a vision?」



Shia nodded briskly.



Since the legendary decisive battle, because there was no existence or phenomenon that was a threat to the bug character Shia, one of her ability, the characteristic magic "Future Sight" hadn't activated anymore all this time.



It was the "vision of death" that would automatically activated regarding a future that was directly connected to Shia's death.



In other words, the inside of that black metal box wasn't anything like precious treasure……



It was "something" that could possibly kill even the demon king and the bug rabbit.



AN: Thank you very much for reading this every time.



Thank you very much too for the thoughts, opinions, and reports about misspelling and omitted words.



※Joke explanation just in case to those who don't get it



It's Ja○ Rakan-san of Negi○. The character that Shirakome super liked. Volume 27 tightly grab my chuuni heart.



※Arifureta Nichijou latest chapter, is updated!



The cuteness of stability and the amusement of toying with the main story.



Sometimes I'm doing reimportation of joke material lol (Like Shia-mama or macho Shia)



My overwhelming gratitude to Mori Misaki-sensei!



It can be seen from the homepage of Overlap-sama, so please go take a look without fail.





Chapter 290




–



The scene of death that Shia's characteristic magic, "Future Sight" showed.



In the end, something that could possibly kill the demon king and the bug bunny.



Shia was glaring at the black metal box she sent flying from Hajime's hand with her rabbit ears standing tense on end alertly.



Hajime too also put up his guard fully seeing Shia acting like that.



But, after contemplating for a while, he approached the metal box with brisk steps. And then he casually picked it up.



「Yosh, let's open it.」



「WHYYY!?」



Shia retortedtsukkomi while slapping Hajime's hand. Hajime lightly dodged it.



「Hajime-san, are you listening? That is bad news you know? Something that can kill even us is inside it you know? And yet why are you going open it so calmly like that! Hah, don't tell me, do you have some kind of worry that you cannot say to us!? Please don't be rash! Suicide is no good, absolutely――」



「Calm down.」



Sure kill artificial arm finger flick burst on Shia's forehead. Shia bent backward as though she was just sniped on her forehead. She was holding her head saying 「NUOOOOOH, my brain is shakiiing!?」 while arching like a bridge.



「Uu, why is it I'm unable to defend against Hajime-san's tsukkomi? The current me is alert and my physical ability is also increased, so just a finger flick shouldn't be this painful……」



「That's because it's "Super Penetrating Finger Flick" after all. I have a lot of penetrating type skill to transmit impact to the inside that I mastered for your sake.」



「……Why is that, for my sake?」



Shia's posture was flexibly returning from the bridge shape to normal while she asked with fixed stare.



Hajime returned a complicated expression in response.



「Because you, ain't you a Termin○tor bunny who made *kan-* sound when fired with normal bullet and repelled it like it's a normal thing. Railgun is too dangerous, and as expected I don't want to seriously try to hit you. In that case, I'll need a technique that can go through you to a certain degree even if it's just a blow right?」



Just as Hajime said, Shia in a state using "Steel Clothes" could use her flesh body to repel attack if it was just at the level of normal bullet. Although the bullet wasn't electromagnetically accelerated, as expected even Hajime would look at Shia with twitching expression thinking 「This girl ain't living thing anymore」 when a bullet made *kan-* sound and got deflected back at training time.



Although, Hajime was also a man. He didn't want to take the option of not doing anything while his card was sealed by his lover. There, so that he could inflict a telling blow even against Shia in the state of "Or rather this rabbit, don't mention blade, even bullet doesn't work anymore, seriously", he mastered a technique of the type that penetrated to the body's internal.



「U, unknowingly, I was strengthening Hajime-san even further.」



「Not just my artificial arm, I became able to do it even with my flesh body. I also developed a special stun bullet that give pain but no damage――I named it "Gag Bullet".」



「What pointlessly high technological strength.」



'Wait, that's not the point!', Shia returned the deviating talk back on track.



「If Hajime-san isn't trying to avert your eyes from particularly harsh reality, then why the heck you are going to leap head first into your own death?」



Hajime's answer toward Shia's question was extremely simple.



「No, I'm not gonna die.」



「Eh, no, but……」



Certainly, Shia's Future Sight that informed her of her death had activated. Thus Shia couldn't hide her bewilderment toward Hajime who for some reason was convinced that he wasn't going to die.



Hajime spoke the truth toward such Shia with an exasperated face.



「Now see here, try recalling it carefully. That ability of yours, it's simply showing "the possibility of death" in the end, it's not like it's settled that you are really going to die for sure if you are following that path.」



「Uu~n?」



「For example……try remembering when you saved Aiko at the city of Ur. At that time you should see the image of you pierced by the magic of a devil race together with Aiko and die.」



「That's right. Because I was accidentally on the line of fire. But but, I was saved because I avoided that future you know?」



「What are you saying. You wouldn't die even if you didn't dodge for sure. At your position that time, even if your heart was pierced, I got the god water on hand y'know?」



「Aa……」



Shia finally guessed what Hajime was trying to say.



Yes, regarding the happening that connected to Shia's death, her "vision of death" didn't go as far as including the "response" after that to make the judgment whether she would die or not. Till the end it was only showing her the happening that was directly connected to her death.



At that time, Shia got hit directly by the magic and got lethally wounded. Certainly, if after that "nothing was done to her", even if it was Shia, no matter how tough her body and life force were, she should be died.



However, if she was made to drink god water by Hajime, naturally she would be saved.



In other words, other than "evading beforehand" the happening that would directly connect to her death, "the vision of death" could also be averted by "evading death by dealing with the aftermath".



「Certainly, the inside of this metal box could possibly kill us if we are planning to get killed obediently. But, naturally we are going to react, so, well, surely we aren't going to die.」



「Uu~, I see desu. We also have healing medicine here.」



「Of course, this is "something" in the level that expose me who have resistance against poison and you with your bugged physical ability to danger. It's possible that our countermeasure might not be effective but……」



There Hajime paused for a moment, then with smartphone on one hand,



「Even if we die, it's fine if we are resurrected.」



「Ah, yes. That's right isn't it.」



That thing that was referred with light tone as though saying 'if there is no bread then~' was――resurrection of the dead.



Actually, one of the smartphone's functions was to continuously take the vital data of the owner, and in the case the owner's vital entered critical stage because of some abnormality, the smartphone would automatically open a small gate.



What would fly out from the gate, was the light of the satellite type resurrection magic radiator artifact operating outside the earth's atmosphere――Bel Agarta.



Today too Bel Agartalight of blessing and ressurection was shining above the head of the demon king. That's why it's okay even if you die isn't it! You will be able to come back to life you know!



「And so, just in case, I'll put up a barrier and try to open it quickly now.」



「U, uu~. I, guess. I understand that it's all right but……」



Even though she was the bug bunny who always made do somehow with fighting spirit, but now she was being really indecisive. Her rabbit ears were timidly moving limply *henyon henyon*. Her rabbit ears were telling 「But still, in the vision Hajime-san somehow looked really suffering see~, it's fine even if that box isn't opened I think~」 more eloquently than anything.



Honestly speaking, for Hajime even if he was told that this thing might possibly kill him, but at the end it would be no problem at all with the light of resurrection magic, so he wasn't worried at all and his curiosity won out.



Conversely speaking, it also meant that he was purposefully going to risk danger just because of curiosity.



(This is troubling……I didn't intend to cause her to make that kind of face though……. Did I get too high spirited?)



Hajime wouldn't keep insisting until it made Shia worried. Above all else, it also could be said that his sense of danger was slightly dimming just because they were in earth. Perhaps he was unknowingly being too conceited. Thinking that, Hajime smiled bitterly at Shia whose rabbit ears were still going *henyon henyon*.



「I got it already Shia. I won't open it. I also don't have the intention of ending up like Pandora.」



「Hajime-san……ehehe, that's right. That way is better desu.」



The expression of Shia who sensed he was considering her feeling burst open into wide and loose grin *nihee~*. She immediately hugged Hajime's arm and rubbed her rabbit ears on him. Though Hajime's expression became really conflicted when rabbit fur entered inside his mouth.



「Although, I wonder what's the deal with this. If those guys above are aiming for this thing, they surely don't have decent thinking.」



「Honestly speaking, I want to just leave this thing here untouched but……it feels like those guys absolutely will reach until this far.」



「Leaving it as it is certainly isn't a smart plan. Yosh, we couldn't snatch ahead any precious treasure, but let's implement that.」



「The phantom thief "Demon King and Rabbit"! Isn't it!」



The highly murderous treasure that was being searched by a company. There was no way such thing could just be handed over to them carelessly, so the two would take only the metal box with them.



While they were at it, just like their initial plan, they would leave behind a message that would without a doubt rub the wrong way the nerves of Wilford and co who would arrive here with exultation after struggling through mountains of lethal traps.



Hajime was starting to carve letters using transmutation magic on the wall at the deepest room. Shia was glancing at that while staring fixedly at the completely decayed corpse.



「You have been all alone for a long time all this time under this kind of dark underground aren't you……just who and where did you come from, with what kind of feeling you were staying here I wonder.」



Somehow the image of the blonde haired crimson eyed vampire princess who was her beloved friend and also big sister passed through the back of her mind.



Shia crouched beside the silent corpse and stared unmovingly at the corpse. And then, she suddenly reached out with her hand and embraced the corpse as though she was hugging an ornament. She was thinking that at the very least she would bury the corpse in the land on the surface near the ruin.



*gakon-*



「!」



「……Shia. What did you do?」



Shia's rabbit ears jumped up *usa-!?*. At the same time Hajime who was in the middle of carving letters was asking while turning around with stiff movement like a machine that hadn't been oiled. His expression was greatly convulsing.



「N, no, I didn't do anything……I was just, wanting to bring this corpse-san to the surface――」



She was thinking of bringing it together with them to the surface……those very kind words were interrupted by the sound of rumbling ground right after that.



When Hajime and Shia simultaneously looked at the place where the corpse was at, only the part of the stone paved floor below the corpse was rising up slightly from the other part of the floor.



No matter how they looked, it was a trap that was activated by the change of weight.



Even though the trap didn't move even when the metal box was taken, but when the corpse was taken it moved. Hajime and Shia's eyes were twitching from that fact.



The rumble of the ground was gradually growing bigger. Slipping amidst the sound, *slosh slosh* such watery sound was starting to be audible.



It came exactly from the wall that Haijme was currently carving letters on.



Hajime returned his gaze to the wall. Water was seeping out from the whole wall. At the same time, *snap-crack crack* cracks were entering the wall.



「No way」



「My good will is betrayed! Desuu!」



Hajime's mouth twitched, while Shia tossed away the corpse, it was at that moment.



Roaring sound!



Water flew out with terrific momentum from the wall that crumbled in one go. The wall surface became a wall of water that surged forward with vast amount of water. That momentum was like a ruptured dam!



「Absurd déjà vu!?」



「It doesn't need to resemble Raisen Great Labyrinth even in this aspect desuuuuuuuu-」



Hajime and Shia had their feet scooped from under them and washed away by the terrific water current that was like flash flood. They were pushed out from the room and like that they were washed through the underground labyrinth following the path they came from.



The two were jostled inside the water.



They were restoring their stance somehow while taking out their face to the water surface.



「Puhah. Shia! Are you safeee!?」



「Kefuu! I'm fine desuu!」



They confirmed each other's safety while being washed away. Hajime immediately made his Treasure Warehouse shined to open a gate for escaping quickly.



But, before he could take it out,



「Wha-!? Re, retreaaat! Run away! HURRYYYYY-」



A scream resounded from the front. Looking there, Wilford and others were there with convulsing face! It seemed they had finished the excavation and were advancing through the underground labyrinth.



They showed their back in panic toward the flash flood that was advancing from the front and started running.



But, there was no way the speed of human's running speed could match the speed of flash flood.



Wilford and others were swallowed instantly by the violent current. Wilford who brought his face out to the surface met the eyes of Hajime.



「!? The young man from today!? Why are you here!?」



「Just passing through.」



「That's just too unusual!」



Whether it was this situation, or Hajime's answer too.



Wilford wanted to question just what was going on, but naturally he had no such leeway, he was immediately swallowed by the fierce current and submerged once more.



And then, Hajime too, just before he could take out the Crystal Key, because the floor widely opened its lid, he was falling right downward as though swallowed by stream of falling waterfall while yelling 「Aa~!」. Shia too also yelled 「Abaa~!」 while getting swallowed by the waterfall.



All the people inside the underground labyrinth were following the guidance of the water and got washed away to somewhere without exception.



–



–



–



At the surface near the ancient ruin, along the river.



Suddenly, the shoal at the riverbed near the bank bubbled. *Blub blub blub* Bubbles were generated intensely.



The next moment, water pillar burst out as though piercing the sky. The riverbed was blown up and violent amount of water rose to the sky along with mud.



And then,



「DOWAAAAAAAA――!」



「YAFUUUUUUUUUH!」



A pair of man and woman flew out. The two who floated high in the sky raised a grand scream……one of them sounded cheerful for some reason, but putting that aside, the two raised their voice while flying out, and then *splosh!* they fell toward shoal.



Next, along with screams like 「GYAAAAH」 or 「OH GOOOOOODD」 or 「MAMAA―――!!」, men were flying out one after another.



They too were falling toward the shoal along the river with *splish splash* sound.



「That was a terrible experience. As I thought, it must be that, I've gotta reflect a little. I understand really well that I'm omitting various mistakes just because this is earth.」



「Ahaha, certainly we might have been a bit conceited there~. But but, personally I was having a lot of fun in though! Besides, this time I'm not drowned!」



「That's」



Hajime stood up and wrung out water from his clothes with a wry smile, while Shia was laughing in high tension cheerfully and hyperactively.



There, a voice mixed with groan reached them.



「Kuh, this is why what is called life is always moving to unpredictable direction……wait, young man! Can I ask you to explain just what in the world is going on!」



Wilford stood up while spraying up water everywhere. The armed men and Brandon and others, a total of fifteen people who were also washed away together were standing up while shaking their head that was choking from almost drowning.



It seemed that a considerable number of the local people were also safely (?) washed away, they were standing up while groaning and looking at Hajime and Shia with dubious expression.



'Now then, how to answer this', Hajime and Shia were deliberating while looking at each other's face, it was then,



「-! You two……what's that? Where did you find it?」



Wilford's eyes narrowed quietly. He was staring hard at the black metal box Hajime was carrying.



「It's our lunch box. It will be noon before long after all.」



「You think there is any lunch box that is welded shut!? Your answer is too unusual there! Even if you are going to lie, think about it a bit more!」



Wilford-san unexpectedly might have straight man attribute.



Wilford coughed once and calmed his heart somehow, then he suddenly pasted a cheerful smile on his face and he opened his mouth.



「At this occasion, let's put aside about who are you two or how did you two come ahead of us. Let's continue the negotiation at the restaurant. Won't you hand over that box to us? I will pay as much money as you wish.」



Even after coming this far searching by spending vast amount of expense and effort, at this point Wilford was still attempting to solve it with money. Seeing that, perhaps Wilford could still be called as a rational human.



Although, inside his eyes a terrifying level of coldness could be seen appearing and disappearing. Most likely this monetary negotiation was his last warning. Only this time, he didn't plan to withdraw like the time with the boat negotiation.



Before giving the answer, Shia asked.



「Do you know what is inside this box?」



「Of course I know. How about you two? If not, there is no way you will obtain it in this timing.」



「Then, what are Luffy-san and others planning to do with this dangerous object?」



「Do you mean me when you say Luffy?」



「What is Luffy-san planning to do with this dangerous object?」



「No, see, my name is Wilford――」



「What is pirate king-san planning to do with this dangerous object?」



「Who are you calling the rub○er man who ate rubber ○bber fruit!?」



Wiflord-san. It seemed he was also knowledgable with subculture. Or rather, perhaps it was a certain work that was too famous. And then, as expected he had straight man attribute.



「Cough-. About your question of what I'm planning to do with that, that's not my place to know. I am just an unworthy company employee. I will even do adventure if it's the company order, but the result of it will be decided by the company.」



「Uu~n. A company that know what is inside this and employ something like an armed group……it doesn't look like something decent isn't iiit.」



「There is no need for you two to be bothered about that right? Now, how about we do a business here. I will be able to complete my job, and you two will be able to obtain a vast compensation. See, it's a win-win relationship.」



'What to do?' Shia looked at Hajime questioningly. Hajime shrugged. Shia understood just from that.



She couldn't imagine a satisfactory future from handing this kind of dangerous object to this kind of suspicious company. If in the small chance that one day someone related to them get harmed by it somewhere, it surely wouldn't end with just a regret that made them wanted to punch themselves.



They didn't need money or anything. There didn't exist any reason for them to hand it over intentionally. Thinking of the worst case, rather they had greater reason to not hand it over. Even if for example, the company of Wilford and co was thinking to use it for the sake of some kind of good deed, they could just investigate it later and then handed it to them when it seemed like there would be no problem.



In any case, it was out of question to exchange this object with money here.



「By the way, what will happen if we refuse?」



「I don't recommend that. It's the most not smart thing you could do. Don't you think so?」



When Wilford waved his hand, the men readied their gun. Furthermore, the water blast just now must be visible. There was a presence of a lot of people from the direction of the ruin rushing this way.



「I see, it's easy to understand.」



「It's the best to take simple approach at everything. After all human's life is already full of unexpected things even at the best of time.」



They grinned widely at each other. The smile similarly didn't reach their eyes at all.



A moment later.



A single gunshot instantly rang out. The sound that sounded as though it was slightly lengthened was the proof of a godspeed quick draw. Six bullets directly hit the leg or shoulder of six armed me!



There wasn't any miss, or even any consideration of the opponent's life entered into the attack. The aim was only one. Because the impact shifted the gun muzzle of the men that were shot. The remaining armed men were at the end of the shifted muzzles. The trigger that was pulled reflexively attacked them.



「Guwah!?」



「Stupid idiot-」



Chaos descended instantly. Wilford took out a handgun with speed unbecoming for a businessman. When Wilford aimed at Hajime, Hajime dropped something cylindrical at the same time.



Right after that, *bowanh* intense white smoke enveloped Hajime and Shia, their figure was hidden instantly.



Wilford pulled his trigger repeatedly without minding that. Bursting sound echoed and the white smoke was pierced one after another.



But, there wasn't any scream or the sound of person falling.



Wind blew a beat later and the white smoke was washed away.



「Chih, they ran.」



There was no one when the white smoke was cleared. The armed men for some reason raised their voice 「Ou! Japanese ninja!」 in high tension.



「This is not the time for admiration! They are still nearby! If they are running away they should be using that boat! We are going back to the boats too! Hurry!」



The armed men also moved out hurriedly hearing Wilford's command.



–



–



–



On the other hand.



Just as Wilford predicted, Hajime and Shia moved until the nearby riverbank, from there Hajime took out Triana and boarded it to descend the river.



「How unexpected~」



Shia whose rabbit ears were flapping from the wind was talking to Hajime who was steering the boat.



「I thought Hajime-san will surely make them all into feed for the fish.」



「Oi Shia. How many times I should say it until you understand. I am an exemplary Japanese person who is virtuous and peaceful y'know. There is no way I'll mass produce gunshot corpse in that place where there are a lot of locals who are just hired.」



「Put it another way, if there are no locals, Hajime-san will be an exemplary Japanese person who will slaughter everyone isn't it? I get it.」



It was already exemplary by the point of time he didn't erase the witness too. Perhaps Hajime personally wanted to say that.



「And, what will we do after this?」



「I am intentionally using Triana and not using gate to withdraw from this area is to decided that too. Aren't they going to come soon?」



The boat's cruising speed was really relaxed for someone in escape, but it seemed the reason for that was because Hajime was waiting for pursuer.



Shia's rabbit ears were perceiving the motor boat engine sound and the sound of water spray. Looking back, they could see the sight of Wilford and others riding five boats chasing after them.



The boats were only the high performance boat that Wilford and co had prepared beforehand, and the people riding it were also only foreigners armed with firearms. It appeared they left behind the locals because they would only be a hindrance.



「I see……the witnesses, is gone now.」



'Aa~aa', Shia looked up to the sky with face that seemed to say that.



Even while she was like that, the boats of Wilford and others were closing the distance. And then, next they mercilessly fired. *dadada-dadada-* The bullets that were fired from semi-auto rifles caused the water surface around Triana to splash.



「Waa~~, they are firing at uuus~, like this I have no other choice except losing myself in counterattacking yeaaah~」



「Uwaa~, that sounds really monotone desuu~. Who are you making that guarantee too? There is a limit even in being shameless you know!」



Even Shia's tsukkomi was only treated like a passing wind, Hajime grinned wiiidely and pulled out Donner and pulled the trigger toward the boat that was running in parallel to them right now.



There were three armed men riding on the boat. What they were readying to fire were the latest rifles. The bullets of Donner were flying into the muffles as though getting sucked into it.



The men's hand and shoulder area were turned into pitiful state. Terrible scream echoed between the river spray, but Hajime-san mercilessly aimed at the fuel tank and pulled the trigger.



The bullet that flew in accurately was a Burst Bullet. The exploding bullet turned the fuel tank into small explosive and caused large explosion. The impact caused the boat to somersault. Because the boat was going at high speed, it danced in the air like a leaf fanned by the headwind, accompanied with the blood soaked men.



Wilford and co were dumbfounded in a daze while they reflexively tried to escape from the line of fire. They circled behind Triana.



「I'm glad I brought the sea mine's complete set. Kaclick.」



The red button that had 'Don't push it! Absolutely don't push it!' written on it went *click-*. Countless sea mines were pouring out from the back of the ship!



Those things that mixed into the jet water current of Triana and flowed backward couldn't be avoided by the nearest boat.



Thunderous sound. A large boat danced in the air once more. It backflipped many times. Incidentally people also flew in the sky. Beautiful, they were drawing a beautiful parabola arc.



Wilford and others were passing through with convulsing expression under the arch that was decorated by boat, flame blast, water spray, and then men with the white of their eyes bared open.



「Disperse! Disperse now!」



Wilford's angry yell reached until Hajime and Shia. Wilford who always looked calm now looked desperate.



Two boats raised their speed and sprang out to in front of Triana. The men on board aimed their rifles.



「Sentori-sensei! Please-」



「Hajime-san's tension is high!? Are you that happy that you can use weapon!? Is that it!?」



*Gashon-!* Sentori-senseiSentry Gun showed up. 'Anything and everything that move will be wrecked yeah!' It was volley firing as though to say that!



「Hiih, get down! Get down!」



「Get out from the firing line! Quick-」



「What the hell is that boat!」



「Are those two from MI6 huh!? There must be Q behind them!」



Rain of bullet passed through above the head of the men who noisily got down on the boat's floor. The edge of the boat was pulverized in the blink of eye.



「Shit-, if it's like this then only desperate measure is left!」



One person took out a rocket launcher from the box on the boat's bottom while lying down. And then, he took the chance while Sentori-sensei was reloading to stand up, and aimed the muzzle at Triana.



「……」



He saw it.



*Shaaaaaa-* A tubular object heading their way from underwater showing the glimpses of its figure on the water surface.



'Eeeeh? I had saw that thing before somewhere……wait, NOOOOOOOO-!'



The man tossed away the launcher and jumped out from the boat without hesitation.



The men must be excellent mercenaries (?). Their expression changed when they saw their comrades swiftly escaped from the boat wordlessly, then without hesitation they similarly jumped toward the river without delay.



Right after that, the torpedo impacted.



Two boats, decorated with flame blast while dancing midair.



「Is this a joke! Even being unexpected has a limit! Damn it all!」



Wilford threw his dramatic flair to the wind and evaded the falling boat while doggedly pursuing from behind. He shook the boat left and right diagonally behind Triana while shooting his handgun.



Surprisingly, regardless of being above shaking boat, what's more while the boat was meandering left and right, his aim was terrifyingly accurate. Even by mistake it wasn't a stunt that a mere businessman could do.



Although, a monster who could easily surpass that terrifying skill was right here.



*DopaaaN-!* Together with that slightly lengthened gunshot sound, sparks scattered in the air between the last boat Wilford was riding and Triana.



「……Ha?」



Wilford reflexively leaked out a stupid sounding voice.



For the time being he changed his gun's magazine and fired three consecutive shots.



Sparks were generated midair once more.



Looking carefully, there was the figure of Hajime steering the boat while holding a large revolver in one hand, its muzzle aimed to his back.



「That's impossible……」



Wilford denied the most possible event by himself. It was only reasonable. Just who in the world would be able to believe that bullet could be shot down by another bullet.



「Impossible! That's not at the level of being unexpected anymore! Eei, you, lend me that!」



「Ye, yes.」



Wilford snatched a rifle from the man beside him, he firmly put the stock on his shoulder and fixed it there, then he fired repeatedly in full auto mode. As though to deny reality, the strength he put into the finger pulling tight on the trigger was abnormal.



「Hah.」



A smile that was obviously fearless even from afar. What was pulled out was one more large revolver. It was directed to behind matching Donner that had been reloaded without anyone noticing.



Once more there was two lengthened bursting sounds. The fired bullets were twelve pieces.



In contrast the magazine of the rifle Wilford was using had thirty shots.



Even if for example an impossible phenomenon occurred, it was obvious which side would won seeing from the simple difference in quantity.



Regardless of that, Wilford witnessed it.



The countless sparks dancing madly midair. And then, the sight of not even a single bullet he fired reached the target. No bullet even scratched the boat's frame!



Furthermore. When he moved his gaze toward the impact sound, there was bullet hole created on his boat's engine part. White smoke was spewing out. He didn't know if Hajime intentionally aimed there, but it seemed that even his boat's engine was destroyed additionally.



In addition, the cause that overturned the difference in quantity was simple. One bullet from Hajime intercepted two~three shots altogether. It was the so called reflection shot. After a bullet deflected the first bullet, its trajectory would change and deflected other bullet again. It was just like playing billiard.



The sound of engine stopped, and a voice resounded in the place that became quiet.



「Now then, self-proclaimed businessman. Won't you talk a little bit with me?」



Even though Hajime was reloading slowly, Wilford and his men didn't have the slightest intention to take advantage of that opening.



Triana was approaching toward their boat that was dead on water. Hajime-san was grinning widely.



Although Wilford's face was absurdly convulsing, he somehow returned a smile.



「Yes, with pleasure!」



He responded to the dialogue invitation.



–



–



AN: Thank you very much for reading this every time.



Thank you very much too for the thoughts, opinions, and reports about misspelling and omitted words.



It's already December, but I will be happy if you readers can read leisurely.



Now then, I have two things to notify.



First, the comic version of Arifureta is updated with the latest chapter.



It can be read from Overlap-sama's homepage, so please, by all means, I beg you to go there and take a look!



The second notice is, tonight, from 9 PM, it seems that Arifureta special live broadcast will run at Niko niko douga!



◆Title



「Arifureta Shokugyou de Sekai Saikyou」



Drama CD sale commeration special program & Overlap PR room branch-off edition



It seems that the voice actors that are in charge of the Drama CD will make appearance there.



Please take a look at this too by all means.





Chapter 291




–



※AN: I posted a chapter before this chapter, so please pay attention.



When I woke up this morning, I received a lot of comment congratulating me for Arifureta's anime, so Shirakome is really terribly grateful.



And so, this is only a short chapter that I wrote in two hours, but allow me to post a thanks short story for the congratulation comments.



No, I was really happy (^ ^)



–



――December ○ Day



It seemed in Japan the last month of the year, December is called as 'shiwasu'. (TN: Shiwasu = , the first kanji mean teacher/mentor, while the second kanji mean run)



When I asked Hajime the meaning of it, the end of the year will be busy because of things, that even a "teacher" who is usually calm will be running around busily, something like that? That was what Hajime taught me. It seemed he doesn't know the exact reason though.



I see.



Busy……



Busy, is it……



–



――December X Day



Tio and Remia recently are looking really busy.



It seems that the clothing and jewelry shop they are managing is really booming. It looks like they are going to open a shop dedicated for kids within the year, and for the start of it they will do something like kids fashion show.



It seems that Myuu will serve as the vanguard for that.



Today too they were making Myuu trying on clothes for fashion show one after another. Myuu is floundering while nearly drowning.



Fumu……



Adorable! Surely an angel will descend at the end of the year fashion show!



–



――December △ Day



Recently Kaori is looking busy, so I cannot really prank her.



Damn you, even though you are just Kaori, but making light of me like this, how cheeky.



I hear that she is following around Yaegashi family that wants to end the dispute within the year or something. It seems that quite a lot of injured appear, so she is busily serving the role as healer.



Come to think of it, Shizuku is making a really tired face isn't she……



As expected from Yaegashi family. They being a combat race aren't just for show.



……



……I wonder, will both of them quickly get free time……



–



――December @ Day



Recently Hajime isn't giving me attention.



It seems that Otou-samafather-in-law's company is now like a scene of carnage.



It looks like they want to release the newly created game within the year. Both father and son won't come home.



Lonely……



And so, today I'm going to bring them supply.



I dislike going to Otou-sama's company but……this is in order to stay at Hajime's side.



I am Yue. Even if the staffs-san of Otou-sama's company came praying at me as though I am a founder of a new religion each time they met me, or even if I'm really troubled when they came worshipping saying 「The healing came! Our goddess of healing has descended!」, I am a woman who won't withdraw for the sake of my husband!



Although, it's troubling that it became great commotion every time, so this time I'm putting on the glasses of recognition obstruction.



I was normally noticed.



「Glasses girl Yue-sama has descended!」 Like that it became a great commotion.



Otou-sama said 「Yue-chan, thank you for coming! Everyone is half-dead already, but this is a more effective vitality restoration than energy drink or caffeine! We can still fight!」 happily, so I'm glad but……



Perhaps I should say that it's as expected from the subordinates of Otou-sama.



For them to easily ignore the recognition obstruction artifact of Hajime……



Hajime is frequently going 「Just how in the world……」 while tilting his head in puzzlement.



Anyway, after that Hajime care for me a little so I'm satisfied.



It seems that the battle against deadline? is still continuing.



I sent an encouraging yell of thank your for their hard work before going home quickly, but if I can say my true feeling, I wish he will finish quickly and stay at my side.



–



――December # Day



Shia crossed over to Tortus.



I hear that Hauria clan is quarreling with the empire. She is going to assist with resolving it.



I told her if I should help out, but she said 「It's okay. If it become troublesome then I'll just mow down both sides!」 before she energetically slipped through the gate.



It looks like she will stay at the other side for a while.



When the mood maker Shia is gone, as expected, Nagumo house feels like it become quiet somehow.



……Damn Shia.



How cheeky of her to leave me behind.



Even though I told her that I'll help out, it should be fine to not refuse……



–



――December ☆ Day



The occasion of everyone being away from home become a lot.



Because it's Decembershiwasu.



Because they are busy.



Because, they are busy……



……



……



Eh? I'm, not busy though?



–



――December ◇ Day



Aaa, I'm reeeally busy!



In the place of everyone who are away from house, I'm doing the cleaning, the washing, sending things to them, aaa, I'm reeeally busy!



–



――December □ Day



I said a lie.



I'm not busy, at all.



Because, when I'm thinking of doing something, it will be generally over in a flash using magic.



Because the electrical appliances of Nagumo house are artifact, it doesn't take effort or time at all.



Today too, everyone except me seems busy……



–



――December $ Day



Right now, I am flapping around, rolling around on the bed, while writing diary.



Then, I suddenly thought.



Could it be I'm……



A NEET?



–



――December ※ Day



Today, I tried asking Okaa-samamother-in-law.



Am I, a NEET vampire princess? I asked.



Okaa-sama was dumbfounded. Then she exploded into a laugh so great she is rolling around on the floor.



I don't understand.



According to Okaa-sama, the cheat heroine vampire princess from another world, getting bothered that she might be a deadbeat is just too serial, and it hit right on her funny spot.



Okaa-sama was laughing with teary eyes.



For now, I'm sitting at the corner of the room, hugging my knees, while facing the wall.



I'm feeling not wanting to do anything for a while.



–



――December ☆ Day



Okaa-sama is inviting me while grinning widely.



Amazingly, it seems that the shoujo mangagirl comic Okaa-sama is working on will get an anime. It appears that she is busy with various things, like the preparatory meeting and the like. She told me that she want me to become like her assistance, doing secretarial thing.



What consideration.



Okaa-sama! I love you! The vampire princess get a job!



I am the assistant Yue. The perfect secretary of Okaa-sama!



I cannot stay like this. In order to become useful for Okaa-sama, first I have to fix my appearance properly! This isn't the time to wear a sulking jersey!



–



――December 〒 Day



Today, I accompanied Okaa-sama's work.



It's strange to say it myself but, I believe that I was a perfect secretary.



I became adult version using metamorphosis magic, wore stylish suit smartly, I also bundled up my hair crisply, and put on a sharp glasses as insurance runs. No matter from where and how anyone look, it was the secretary Yue.



Not just appearance, I casually guessed what Okaa-sama is looking for using soul magic and made preparation ahead.



In order to give the other party good impression, I smiled a lot more than usual.



Even if I don't have needed thing in hand, I could take it out quickly using space magic.



……How dreadful.



My own perfect way of working, is dreadful!



Perhaps being a secretary, is my hidden vocation.



But, what concerned me though, was how Okaa-sama was smiling wryly for some reason, and it felt like all the staff-san of the other side had their gaze fixed on me the whole time……



……



……Okaa-sama. Is secretary Yue, not needed anymore?



–



――December ♪ Day



O Nagumo house! Everyone came home!



Their expression was tired, but it seemed that everyone finished their business safely.



It became a gathering of the whole family after so long.



I heard various story from them. Looks like everyone had it difficult.



……Having the whole family present is happiness.



There is no doubt that I'm happy.



No doubt about it, but……



It feels like the fundamental problem isn't resolved.



Is it mistaken for a vampire princess of another world to be a NEET?



Thinking that, at night, I went to consult Hajime.



I'm anxious about the future. Is it all right for me to stay a NEET like this? Should I do something like part-time job?



Hajime rolled around with laughter. Damn you, Hajime. Even though I consulted you while enduring shame that almost break through the heaven. The reaction of parent and child is really similar.



Like that, when I stared at Hajime resentfully, Hajime apologized 「My bad, my bad」 while he also apologized 「It was my bad that I made you feel lonely」.



It was a fact that I was lonely, but it's not like he need to apologize for that.



Just, I only thought a bit if I too can say 「I did xxx」, then how nice that would be.



When I told him so, Hajime talked with a preface of 「Yue is unexpectedly a person who is brimming with curiosity, so isn't it fine if you try your hand on everything from A to Z that caught your interest? And so basically……」, and then he,



「'I'm a fulltime housewife', isn't it fine even if you say that?」



Sheesh Hajime, he said such thing looking a bit embarrassed.



It felt like scale had fallen off from my eyes.



Housewife. Fulltime housewife. The yamato nadeshiko wife who is waiting for her husband's return!!



The murkiness in my heart cleared up all at once.



I am Yue. The cheat fulltime housewife vampire princess!



For now, as the duty of the housewife, I'll push down my husband and receive him deliciously.



–



TN: It was announced in the Niko live yesterday, but Arifureta Shokugyou de Sekai Saikyou will get an anime.



It's planned to get broadcasted at April next year.



Other than that too,



Etc, etc, there are various information, so I'll be happy if you readers can check them.



For the detail, please go to the official site ()



In any case, this too is all thanks to everyone who gave me support.



Really, really thank you very much!



From here on too, Shirakome himself will also have fun to the maximum, while also working hard so that I'll be able to share a fun time with everyone, so from now on too please take care of Arifureta by all means.





Chapter 292




–



The boats floated side by side, and a dialogue was carried out on the river.



Wilford who was face to face with Hajime also got gatling and large revolver faced toward him on this occasion. Cold sweat was flowing out like river from his whole body. Especially the dignity of the large revolver that was being grinded on his forehead, surely his life span was shrinking with certainty even now.



By the way, about his underlings, perhaps it should be said "just as expected", they were really excellent. Although the majority of them were either those who was on Wilford's boat or currently holding on the edge of the boat tiredly, but almost everyone survived even after going through Triana's violence.



Also, for some reason the researcher Brandon was also riding on Wilford's boat, he was currently trembling while holding his head inside his hands. It was completely unknown why he was coming along.



「And, who are you guys actually? If I remember right……Reletense company you said?」



In respond to Hajime's question, Wilford opened his mouth with his business smile in full throttle.



「Hahaha, it's just a mere trading company. It deals with various goods――」



*Gorit-* Donner's muzzle was carving wrinkle between his forehead.



「That is the business in the surface, behind the scenes, it's searching, researching, and making use of "relic of power"……especially to use as weapon, it's that kind of company.」



Hearing Wilford easily confessing everything, Brandon who was holding his head suddenly opened his eyes so wide.



「You idiot! Are you planning betrayal!? The thing about relic is extremely a secret!」



Wilford didn't even turn his gaze toward him.



The men also didn't show any particular reaction. If they had to choose, it seemed they were people who leaned more on Wilford's side.



Hajime tilted his head and asked.



「……"Relic of power"? Another fantasy word comes out again huh. What do you mean by that?」



「From where I'm standing it's you who is more fantasy though……」



Wilford showed a pondering face as though he was picking his words. His forehead was grinded.



Seeing Wilford looking like he was going to spew out the company's secret like a Merlion statue, Brandon bellowed. Gyan gyan, Gyan gyan.



「Young man, excuse me for a bit.」



Wilford quickly approached Brandon, constricted his neck hard, and easily silenced him for eternity. What a quick exit from the stage.



「Oi oi, you do that really simply. Wasn't he your coworker?」



「I considered him an unpleasant guy since the beginning. Besides, the situation is like this. In order for me and my subordinates to survive……right, it can't be helped. Now then, about the "relic of power"……」



According to the explanation of Wilford who wasn't an ordinary person as expected, it seemed existences called "relic with power" existed in earth, so to speak they were things that had some kind of effect even among the "OOPartout of place artifact".



It wasn't something that was known widely by society, but only extremely small fraction of people knew about it. It seemed that the information was regulated even from countries. Rather OOParts were items to divert attention from that kind of relics.



「……What to do, Shia. Even earth is fantasy enough.」



「I don't feel that surprise though. There are also things like UFO or UMA, special program for that kind of mysterious phenomenon is often broadcasted in television right? I think it won't be that strange even if one or two among those are actually the real thing.」



「My recognition was hardened that special program equal counterfeit but……well, certainly this earth is vast. Or rather, before speaking about Tortus and so on, thinking really, really carefully, even our own environment itself is a fantasy that occurred in earth huh……」



The world was overflowing with mystery and the unknown. Hajime pressed on his forehead with one hand while groaning 「Was I too caught up with common sense despite having outrageous experience?」.



「And, what is the content of this box? You already grasped its exact location. So you must have understood what exactly this thing is right?」



The muzzle grinded again. It was a demand to talk using Donner.



「I thought that perhaps it's like this because you are purposefully asking for a talk, but as expected, you don't know about the detail huh. How about it, young man. Isn't this a good time for making a deal? If you want even more information than this――」



*Gorit*.



「tsu. My bad, but just like I said before this, I prized my life. It would be unbearable if the moment I told you everything you just go 'bang'. Aa, I'm used to torture so you can just consider that it won't be effective. That's why, first release us, after that――」



Hajime pulled Donner back.



'He is going to negotiate!' Wilford made a smile.



Hajime-san lifted one hand to the sky.



Wilford and others were all going 「???」 with tilted head.



A few seconds later. Star was twinkling in the sky. Even though it was afternoon.



「「「「「……」」」」」



Wilford and others all looked up to the sky. Afternoon star that was gradually increasing in brightness. The mouth of Wilford and others dropped wide open seeing that brilliant light.



The next moment.



Pillar of light spreading heat wave and impact poured down from the sky! By chance, the impact point was the remain of the boat that was blasted flying before this! The result wasn't at the level of smashed to smithereens anymore. It was truly a complete annihilation! Water instantly evaporated and showed the bottom of the river! Terrific impact flooded the river!



And yet, for some reason around the boat it was like there was only ripple that could be felt. There was no heat wave or impact at all.



Before long, when the terrain of the river was slightly changed and the light from heaven settled down, a refreshing voice resounded.



「Today's weather is very good huh. In a day like this, it will make you want to drop the light of sun and dye everything crimson reallyyy」



Wilford and others were turning their face toward Hajime with a movement that felt like *gigigi* sound would be made. Hajime's lips split open.



「Ok, boss. Call me your dog.」



「Who are you calling boss. Stop that.」



Wilford was truly coveting his life. It seemed his subordinates also had no objection. Perhaps it should be said that they were truly a pack of dogs. It appeared they were obediently following the decision of the top dog.



「No see, this work is a failure after all so we will lose our place from the company. In the first place I joined the company was for earning fund to become an independent treasure hunter. I have been thinking that it would soon be the time for a change of job. Boss, I believe that we will be really useful you know?」



「You don't need to promote yourself like there is no tomorrow. If you answer what I want to know, I'll let you go back alive.」



「……We are going to be useful you know? Seriously.」



「I'm telling you it's fine not to make sure like that. I got a loyal rabbit here in place of loyal dog. You think I'm gonna take the burden of troublesome bunches for more than this huh.」



Hajime wouldn't excessively apply hostility=murder like his time in Tortus. Unlike in Tortus, here there would be various trouble occurring if people died or vanished. Thinking of the effort it would take to carry out the countermeasure afterward, Hajime would give pardon to a certain degree. Of course, it would also depend on the situation and the other party. Wilford and his group were people of the underworld, but they weren't like cult group or terrorist that couldn't be talked through. And so, Hajime's words weren't a lie.



Wilford focused his gaze on Hajime for a while to sound out his true intention, but perhaps he somehow guessed Hajime's thinking, because right after that he recovered his bright smile.



「Hahaha, that's really good to hear. We will vanish right away after the talk is over, so I earnestly beg for your mercy. And, about what that box actually is……」



According to him, the inside of the metal box was filled with ancient biological weapon as expected.



Actually they discovered a lot of lithograph at an ancient ruin that was excavated at completely different place, and it was written there that there was a biological weapon here.



According to the result from deciphering the lithographs, a minority tribe that was originally living in secluded region was making use of it for medical treatment, the raw materials was a very small fraction of soil of the mountainous region. It seemed that by taking the medicine in a dose using peculiar way, mysteriously all kinds of sicknesses would be cured. But, if the way and amount of taking it were mistaken, it would instead cause the internal of the body to crumble and brought death.



At the time, a certain large country that was aiming for hegemony had their eye fixed to that effect. And then, they researched the soil and diverted its use into weapon. They would process the material, used wind to spread it and caused airborne infection, then the infected human would have the inside of their body crumbled in no time at all and died.



「After deciphering the record of that time, the research team of the company form a hypothesis that it might be the microbe in the soil――furthermore it might be carnivorous microbe that was living in the ancient time. The infected would be feverish, and then it's not that their cell would get necrosis or anything, they would physically "get eaten from the inside and die".」



「How can you understand such thing?」



「A mummy was discovered. From how it was strictly stored, most likely it was a quarantined corpse……it seemed the research team understood the effect from investigating it.」



Hajime thought 「I see」. If that was the case, then it wasn't a matter of poison resistance. Because it was practically no different from physical attack, what would be necessary was physical defense instead of resistance ability. And then, it was difficult to expect physical defense from internal organ. From the story it was understandable how it could even affect Hajime.



Though he got a hunch that if it was Shia she might be able to defend even her internal organ against it using fighting spirit.



「Hm? Come to think of it, was the team that discovered it all right? They discovered human that got done in by biological weapon right?」



「It was from BC era. The microbe already died.」



It was a strange story. If that was the case, Shia's Future Sight shouldn't activate.



In that case,



「I see. That lithograph also recorded the way to preserve the biological weapon, and the chronology how it was brought here.」



「……That save the time.」



There was no definite record, but even that microbe went extinct due to some kind of cause. The fury of the biological weapon was ended. But, not all of them. It seemed the excavated ruin was the grave of the royalty of a destroyed country, and according to the record a single princess survived.



After many twists and turns, the girl secured the method to preserve the microbe in hibernating state and even the microbe itself, and then she escaped from the pursuit of enemy country.



「And that is this ruin huh.」



「In the beginning it seemed to be the exclusive hideout for the royalty of that country. You understand if you have seen that underground labyrinth right? It's impossible to built it without great authority and fortune.」



Certainly, it was natural to think of that place as the gathering of the best technology of the country.



Wilford and co thoroughly investigated the record, and determined that the last princess had escaped. At the same time, they also found out that the last princess tried to accomplish her revenge by using the biological weapon inside the hegemony country. This ruin was truly a hideout where time of remaining in obscurity was spent.



「But, in the end that princess didn't use the weapon huh.」



「Looks like it. It was also left in the record.」



According to the record, the princess wasn't getting into the labyrinth because of the enemy pursuit. Most likely she was wavering between her vengeful heart and the weight of sin of releasing the nightmare once more into this world. In the end, she reconsidered herself that the biological weapon should be buried for eternity, but her vassal didn't agree.



The vassals who were driven by hatred and vengeful thought attempted to seize the weapon.



The girl escape to the deepest part, and after that she never came out in order to seal the weapon along with herself.



「Or perhaps, she might be exhausted because of her vassal's betrayal and the truth of her ruined country.」



The corpse of warrior in front of that door. Was he the only ally of the princess? Or else, a traitor who pursued the princess until the very end? In the end, why did she died on that trap mechanism?



Right now they didn't understand, but there was no doubt it was a tragedy that happened in far away past.



「Naturally, the enemy country came to search for the princess. They rounded up the surviving vassals and grasped the situation. They then entered the underground labyrinth, but it resulted with a lot of victim. As a matter of fact, it seemed the king of that country himself who disseminated that biological weapon went 『This is bad, seriously bad』. They then decided to completely seal the labyrinth.」



「Why is only the words of the king of the country that disseminated the biological weapon is rough like that huh.」



In any case, Reletense company that investigated that kind of details then dispatched Wilford and co in order to obtain the ancient biological weapon.



「Now then, young man. I have said everything that I know. It seems that you aren't Vatican's people, so I think you shouldn't have any more business with me though?」



Wilford pleaded once more 「Don't kill me very please」 with strong gaze.



Hajime personally felt that somehow there was a curious word mixed in Wilford's sentence just now, so he grinded Donner once more while ignoring Wilford's gaze.



「Why are you mentioning Vatican just now?」



「Aa, I'm glad. I'm convinced seeing your reaction. No you see, in our business Vatican is like our biggest rival. Fundamentally that side is collecting and managing relic of power. The agent from there is really merciless. They are our rival while at the same time they are also the synonym of terror.」



Earth was seriously fantasy. Thinking that, Hajime looked up to the sky with a complicated look.



But, Wilford's next words changed his expression.



「Well, in a sense, taking on "returnee" as opponent instead of them is more not worth it though.」



*Gorit*. Wilford-san's forehead was drenched with cold sweat.



「A, haha, as I thought that's the case huh. Goddammit. So I had pulled the worst card right from the start. This is why I'm saying that life is always going to unexpected direction.」



「It's fine to curse, but you understand what I want to ask right? Answering honestly is for you own sake y'know? You don't want to become fish fodder aren't you?」



Wilford answered while still sweating coldly.



「I'm in the business of chasing after world's mystery you know? There is no way I wouldn't get interested at the group disappearing incident and returnee commotion at Japan.」



「……Well, certainly. We also got probed by occultish secret society after all……」



「In addition, the bizarre information control that is so perfect it's eerie. Reletense investigated it thinking that it might be related with relic of power you know? Though they didn't get satisfactory result.」



「Hee, even though there wasn't any satisfactory result, how did you understand I'm a returnee?」



「No, because……」



Wilford's gaze turned toward the spot where there was *chudon* from the sky just now.



「It's about three months ago I think. You used that at Britain too right?」



「? Britain……ah, that time huh.」



The time of *chudon* that a certain lord requested.



It seemed that Reletense company also grasped the situation at Britain to a certain degree. Hajime did forbid the related people from talking and manipulated society's recognition to a certain degree, but as expected, he didn't do anything like erasing the memory of all the people living nearby who saw that light. It wasn't strange that the sky *chudon* got known. After all, a facility was blown away along with the terrain. And the result, there was also a temporary water outage after that.



「And so, Reletense company is gathering the information of you all to a certain degree. That's why even if you dispose of me――」



「So you're saying, don't kill me even if I'm not gonna take you in. ……You are someone really good at calculating right?」



「Yes, boss. I, Wilford and my subordinates won't get involved at all with boss and also the returnees and people related with them! Rather, when you need it I will be really useful――」



「You are really persistent at promoting yourself! It's fine, we are going to take care things like that by ourselves. Also, if you call me boss again, I'm gonna shoot you.」



Hajime stored away Donner with an exasperated expression. Tension left from Wilford's shoulders and he let out a long sigh. It seemed that inside he was really nervous in contrast with his outside appearance.



「If there is no more work particularly, I'm thinking of being allowed to quickly withdraw but……」



「Aa? Aah, it's fine already. Go.」



「Right, I really want to do just that but, look, our boat is destroyed so……」



Wilford. He really had great personality. It seemed he was implicitly pleading 'Can you take us until the ruin, or until Puhang city?'.



Certainly, there was quite a distance whichever way they would go. Furthermore, this river normally had crocodile. The men hanging on the edge of the boat sometimes were worrying of their surrounding even now must be because of that.



Wilford and co were turning gaze that was filled with hope at Hajime.



Toward them who was like that, Hajime naturally smiled brightly.



「Is that necessary?」



The place became deadly silent.



「Noo, see. There are also injured people here, as expected――」



*Gorit*



「You guys! It's a race until Puhang city! Now, swim! Be careful of crocodile!」



Wilford energetically swam downstream like a fish that had obtained water. The men were carrying the injured while following him hurriedly.



「In a sense, they are happy bunches huh……」



「Isn't that right desuu~. I thought that he was just a smug person, but if I have to say which one, he is a gag personnel instead.」



By the way, they casually left behind Mr. Brandon. It couldn't be helped, so Hajime and Shia left the boat where Brandon was at to be carried away by the flow. Surely, he too would drift away to somewhere.



「Now then, Shia. About from here on……」



「Yes desu. What to do?」



Hajime showed a pondering gesture for a bit.



「Let's see. At first our objective is to search for Hauria's base farther at the back region of the ruin, but now, I'm thinking it should be fine if we just make that ancient ruin into Hauria's base.」



「Isn't that riiight. It's easily a fortress already after allll. An underground labyrinth overflowing with killing intent.」



「Right? They are a bunches who greatly love booby trap after all. They are going to be happy for sure. Right now it's submerged and broken, but it can just be fixed later.」



「But, as a hideout……that Reletense company whatever know about it already.」



「About that, the local people won't get near because of the rumor of the curse, and the government of this country doesn't know of its worth. In that case, it's necessary to do something about the recognition of the foreigners.」



If only that point could be cleared, then the ancient ruin's underground labyrinth would definitely become a good base for Hauria clan.



Hajime said 「And so……」 as preface,



「I'm thinking to march into Reletense company for a bit. Right away. I'm also curious about their information on us.」



「Isn't that right~. I'm concerned about the information about us. It's unfortunate that the date is interrupted, but yes, let's go right away.」



Both of them nodded to each other, then Hajime took out the compass and crystal key and immediately teleported from the forest area to the center of a metropolis in America.



–



–



–



A metropolis in west coast. A high rise building in a corner of that city――Reletense company's floor thirty,



「To think that a robbery case already occurred at the place we infiltrated, this is just too much.」



「As expected of Hajime-san. No matter where and what you try to do, you will encounter trouble. It's only Hajime-san that is impossible to find the "expected unexpected" happen to you.」



Such conversation between Hajime and Shia resounded.



Ahead of the gaze of the two was flickering light, glass wall that was partly smashed, a little bit of scattered blood, and then several collapsed guards, along with several people who seemed to be staffs.



No matter how they looked, it was a scene of a case.



Due to the difference of time zone, the curtain of night had already descended here. It seemed that most people had gone home, so there was few presence of people inside the company. Seeing how there wasn't any alarm or commotion that could be heard, it seemed that what happened in this floor hadn't been discovered yet.



The two came here with the guidance of the compass, so they should be able to find the file regarding returnee or ancient ruin at the terminal in this floor, but……



「Is this done by industrial espionage? According to Luffy, it looks like this is a company that is prosperous at behind the scene.」



「Hajime-san, Hajime-san. Before we get dragged into a strange trouble again, let's accomplish our objective quickly.」



Hajime nodded to Shia's words and called out the Arachne-san group. It was in order to inject sleeping drug into the collapsed people, just in case.



Seen from the side, it was like an inhuman act of beating a corpse, but because the guard whose wound seemed serious also got a tiny bit of healing medicine injected into them, it was a good deed instead. Even if they were starting to convulse *twitch twitch* from it.



「Come to think of it Hajime-san, how are we going to check the information? I imagine that the PC has protection right?」



For the data related to ancient ruin, they could just destroy the server later and also apply recognition manipulation to the staffs with something like 「Heh? Feels like I forgot something? Well, it mustn't be a big deal if I forgot about it」.



Although, regarding the information of returnee, just in case they also wanted to confirm how much the company actually grasped and how skilled their information gathering ability was.



And so, it would be the quickest to browse the data from the terminal, but something like the data of a company naturally couldn't be browsed that easily. The data was obviously being protected using password and so on.



Something like hacking was completely the field of earth technology> Hajime could do programming for things related to create game, but he had no technology to infiltrate the terminal of a company.



And so, Shia's question was only natural.



「No problem. I'll use this.」



「What is it?」



Hajime took out two sunglasses from Treasure Warehouse. He put one on himself while also putting the other on Shia.



「It's an artifact to replay the sight of the past through the lens――Urd Glass.」



It was an artifact that Tio often used to gather image album. In Tio's case, the camera she used had Urd Glass as its lens.



Seeing the past using this artifact would consume magic power in proportion of the time that was traced back, that consumption rate was also at a level that couldn't be made fun of, but just peeking back through this one whole day to look at the password wouldn't be a problem.



'I see', Shia nodded while for now she cracked her neck. She was putting in fighting spirit~



「Why is it only my sunglass that looks like party-goer's specification!? Isn't the frame absurdly heart shaped!?」



「That's not all y'know. Try filling it with magic power.」



She tried pouring. The glasses shined really shiny! Light of seven colors brilliantly and super colorfully decorated inside the dark room!



Shia was shining bright!



「Is there other?」



「What are you dissatisfied about?」



「Mostly everything.」



Even though he created it for Shia's sake. Even though Yue was pleased with it. Hajime muttered such things while taking out different sunglass. It was teardrop type.



Shia personally felt something like 「Ee~, isn't there anything with smarter look?」, but……when she put it on she thought 「Eh? It's unexpectedly suited me?」.



「Well, I'm fine with this but……when Hajime-san is wearing round type sunglass, it feels terribly suspicious, or really fishy.」



「It's the booming recently. When you meet the people of government wearing this, they generally will draw back. The bunches who should be good in poker face will have their thought 『Thi, this guy, he is totally fishy!』 completely appear on their face.」



「Please don't play around with the reaction of government's people.」



Hajime cackled while prompting Shia to activate the ability of Urd Glass to see the past.



Through Urd Glass, the past image of the room began to be projected.



First, the situation of the incident was projected.



「Oo, it's like movie desuu! This mister thief somehow is amazing! Hajime-san, let's look from the beginning of the assault!」



「Certainly it's like movie huh. Yosh, then starting from the beginning of the attack……」



The image was projected like a replay and the beginning of the attack was normally played back.



Just as the two said, a sight that was like a movie scene spread out.



The attacker wore a really fit coat with his face hidden by mask. That mask was like the face of Kao○shi of a certain anime movie of spirited away phenomenon, it looked really eerie.



It seemed the attacker was alone. He made several staffs who were working overtime to faint, then threatened the last one with a knife and began to browse the information terminal. And then, he gave instruction to the male staff who was stiff from terror and began to copy the information to a storage medium.



「……This guy.」



The browsed information and the copied content caused Hajime to narrow his eyes and reflexively leaked out his voice.



「It's the information of the ancient ruin isn't it~. How timely. Well, that is fine but, why, even the information of returnee……」



「Rather than it being his objective, it feels more like he discovered it by chance and snatched it on the occasion huh.」



Although, Hajime wondered why there was a need to expressly go as far as copying the data. If the man was an industrial spy, there should be other information that could be more profitable.



The image was progressing even while Hajime and Shia tilted their head in puzzlement. Then, two guards carelessly arrived in the middle of the copying progress. Looks like they were patrolling.



The threatened staff instantly looked relieved, but right after that he was punched and fainted. The attacker also attacked the guards. He sent flying one guard using old-looking collapsed baton, while the other one was blown away to the glass wall with a midair spinning kick.



After confirming that the guards were silenced, the attacker pulled out the storage media that had finished the data copying before vanishing inside the dark corridor as though melting into darkness.



「Hoee~, it was amazing. That's obviously a pro. Just who in the world could he be?」



Shia raised an admiring voice, but Hajime didn't react. When she looked, Hajime was folding his arms thinking of something.



「What's wrong? Is Hajime-san concerned with the information of returnee getting taken?」



「No, that's not really a big problem. After all using compass we can find the attacker's whereabouts right away. There is no rush. Just……」



「Just? What is it? Is there something concerning?」



「It was just for an instant but, the baton that guy showed, also when he jumped, at the inner part of his exposed coat……I saw cross mark.」



「??」



'What's wrong with that?' Shia's rabbit ears tilted. Hajime explained while pondering.



「If you say that it might be just a fashion, then that's that, but if that's not the case, then it will be quite troublesome I guess. If that guy has a backing just like what I'm imagining, the people behind him will become interested in "returnee".」



「The people behind him……you mean that attacker-san belong to an organization, and that organization is troublesome?」



「I don't know whether they are troublesome or not though. I also don't know what their intention is.」



「H~m? Who could it be?」



「Luffy said it right? The organization that should be avoided in this business?」



「Ee~rr……ah」



Shia hit her palm *pon* when she remembered. Hajime who saw that nodded and spoke the organization, or rather the country the attacker might belonged to.



「Right, it's Vatican.」



–



–



–



A residential area in a certain place at Britain.



The town had splendid harmony between new and old building. Inside a house at a tranquil area slightly distanced from the center of the city, resounded a voice of a girl that sounded delighted, or joyful, or it wouldn't even be an exaggeration to say that the voice sounded happy.



「Ko~suke~! The pie is finished baking~!」



The voice's owner was a blonde haired beautiful girl with hair in side tail style and wearing frilly apron and fluffy kitchen mitten――Emily Grant.



Her hands had a container of apple pie that was baked just now. She sniffed *sun sun-* at the sweet gentle aroma in enjoyment, with her almond-shaped eyes that were like cat narrowing in satisfaction.



「Ko~suke~! Can you hear me~? You can leave trimming the garden for later, so let's eat before it get cold~」



Emily-chan was calling at her beloved person who was currently tending the garden with a voice that sounded sweeter than apple pie.



At present, the one at the garden was Kousuke E Abyssga――not, it was Endo Kousuke.



Although, to be more accurate it was one of his clones. The main body was at Japan. Although, even though it was clone body, it could share information with the main body in real time, it also could eat. The sense of taste could also be shared.



From the point that it "wasn't the main body", Emily personally felt lonely, she also longed for the real one, but she convinced herself with saying 「A convenient communication method that is a bit real」.



By the way, right now her family wasn't at home. They were going out. And so, there was just the two of them. Emily would restrain herself in front of her family, but when it was just the two of them she became awfully indulgent. In various things.



From the garden, 「Got it~! I'm coming soon!」 such voice could be heard. Just from that, Emily's expression loosened 'funya~'.



She put the apple pie on the plate while humming, and went toward the living room with light footsteps.



And then,



「Yo, sorry for the intrusion.」



There was a demon king.



「HIIIIIIIIH, HE CAME OUUUTT!?」



Emily-chan screamed and leaped on the spot. The apple pie danced in the air.



「WATCH O~UT! AND THEN IT'S A WASTEE~E! DESUU!」



Shia caught the plate and apple pie while generating afterimage. Hajime glanced at that while speaking his dissatisfaction with throbbing vein on his forehead.



「Oi you, why are you screaming right after seeing my face?」



「I'm sorry! My Kousuke is always much obliged to you!」



She stood at attention before giving a beautiful bow. It was as though her husband's superior――furthermore it was someone at the rank of president or chairman suddenly visited her home. Even while at her wits' end, Emily-chan desperately greeted like a young wife.



At their first meeting, various things happened. Various things.



「Geez, Hajime-san you dummy! That's why I told you not to teleport directly, but visit from the entrance. Please don't scare my cute little sis. Are you all right, Emily-chan?」



「Shi, Shia-oneesan……I'm, ALL RIGHT DESSU!」



She didn't look okay at all no matter how one looked at her.



By the way, they teleported directly inside the house was because there were the guards from Britain's intelligence bureau around Grant house, so this was so they wouldn't get spooked. Though Shia wished that they didn't spook Emily rather than them.



Then, there Kousuke entered the living room saying 「Emily? Are you okay? Looks like Nagumo and Shia came though」 while wiping his hands with a towel.



「Kousukee!」



Emily quickly snuggled beside Kousuke. It seemed she was really nervous to be in the presence of the demon king.



Kousuke comforted Emily 'there, there' while asking.



「Nagumo, and also Shia-san. What's the matter you two? If I remember right, you two were in the middle of a trip right?」



「Aa, it became a bit troublesome mater. This is work request.」



「……Trouble?」



Kousuke's vigilance jumped up. He looked at Hajime with reluctant face.



Hajime smiled wryly at such Kousuke while putting a metal box beside the apple pie.



「You see, this is something we found at an underground dungeon of an ancient ruin. A powerful biological weapon that destroyed several countries in the past.」



「WAIT A SECOOOOOOND-! There are a lot of place to tsukkomi than I don't know where to begin here! But for now, don't put that beside Emily's apple pie!」



Kousuke recovered the apple pie swiftly while putting in a deft tsukkomi.



His gaze was intensely pleading 「Explain the situation right from the start! No, as expected just go home!」.



Of course, demon king-sama didn't go home!



Emily said 「Come to think of it, sheesh me, I didn't even bring out tea!」, she then returned to the kitchen with hurried footsteps looking like a young wife as expected. Hajime gave her a glance while starting to explain the situation without allowing any argument.



Hajime talked while yummily enjoying Emily's handmade tea and apple pie. When he finished talking, Kousuke raised a dry laughing voice saying 「Earth, is seriously fantasy」. Hajime grinned widely at him and said.



「And so, it will be a lot of hard work investigating that guy's too big backing, so I'll leave it to you.」



「Don't leave it to me. Stop. I don't know anything.」



「You see, this biological weapon, it seems that originally it would become a cure-all when it's mixed using peculiar way.」



「No, listen to me. I'm not going to accept it you listening.」



「If Emily is interested then it's find if you turn it over to her. It's something like this after all. I'll prepare the facility, I'll also set up any necessary things. It's going to be a part of the reward. If you aren't interested, I cannot handle it so I'll just dispose of it.」



「Oi Nagumo, listen. I said already I'm not gonna do it. The opponent is just too big, you said it yourself. Rather than me doing it solo, you guys doing it is――」



「The reward is this much see. You will need funds for the wedding right?」



「What do you mean wedding fund!? If you think I'm going to get lured by such words――」



Kousuke howled to Hajime who ignored his words and continued talking, but beside him the girl with superabundance attribute, Emily tensed her face and taking the bait, she answered.



「Accepted! Demon king-sama! Let's do our best, Kousuke!」



「Emily is baited!? That's just too easy right!? Or rather, which is it? Which got you hooked? Is it the ancient cure-all? Or else the marriage fund with me!?」



「Ko, Kousuke……in front of demon king-sama and Shia-oneesan, you said "marry with me" like that……I'm, embarrassed……」



「Can you stop extracting only convenient words from my comment like a journalist!?」



Emily-chan pressed her cheeks with both hands while fidgeting with faked reluctance. Her trademark side tail also swayed *furi furi*.



「It's great that you two got along really well. If you need anything else contact me again later.」



「Ah, wait, Nagumo! Why are you looking like you aren't going to touch this even with a pole! You are leaving this wholesale to me too much! At the very least do this job together with me!」



Hajime stood up from his seat and opened a gate, to which Kousuke pleaded earnestly to him.



Hajime smiled brightly to such Kousuke once more and,



「I'm in the middle of date with Shia. Telling me to suspend it like that……Endo, since when you became that kind of terrible guy?」



「Shut up-. I don't want getting told that I'm a "terrible guy" only by you!」



'You've really changed huh……'. Hajime said such thing with that kind of attitude. In respond Kousuke put in a tsukkomi with throbbing vein on his forehead.



However, such objection was just like a breeze against swaying willow,



「Because it's true right? For the moment, you already got the result from mock exam to your targeted medical university that can be said as certain, if you do nothing but studying then you'll want to move your body, and then you said that you want to do something, not sports, but something with tension. That's why, I suggested this to help you refresh, and yet, you told me to do it myself even if it will make Shia sad, really, someone like you is just――」



「DAaaAAAAH, I got it! I got it already! I just need to do it right!?」



*mumble mumble, grumble grumble* Seeing Hajime starting to talk like that, Kousuke responded in abandonment.



To that, Hajime bestowed 「Oo, so you will accept huh. As expected from Abyssgate!」 words of praise (?) to him.



「Then, take care of the rest.」



He easily said that and walked to the other side of the gate accompanied by Shia.



From behind, 「I'll contact you later for sure! Pick up the call okay!」 such voice resounded. It was regarding information leak of their comrades, so in the end, surely Kousuke wouldn't hesitate to help out Hajime right from the start. It was just the opponent would be too big if their worry was right in the mark, that he was a bit anxious to do it alone.



Perhaps guessing such complicated worry of Kousuke, Shia groaned after the gate closed.



「Uu~n, will he be okay I wonder?[



「It's going to be all right, if we leave it to Endo.」



In a sense, that was the greatest proof of demon king-sama's trust.



「Certainly the date with Shia is a priority, but when the date is over, I want to reconsider about things related to enterprise. Just like Reletense company. Besides, there is no one that is superior to that guy in covert investigation, so he is the suitable person to deal with an opponent that we don't want to discern our movement. Well, if it's necessary, I'll lend him as much help as possible.」



Hajime said that with a shrug. He then pulled himself together and suggested something.



「Rather than that, Shia. This place is still Britain, but are we going to continue the search for base? We still have time remaining in the trip schedule anyway.]



「What are we going to do with the ancient ruin?」



「We are keeping it on hold for now. In Britain there is a lot of forest with abundant nature. And there are many famous story of forest with witch in it. Occult story like sorcery or magic is also the staple here. So perhaps, we might find new earth fantasy here?」



「Oo, that sounds good! Then, let's go to a date in Britain's forest for the remaining time!」



Shia hopped around happily.



Hajime too naturally smiled.



It felt like they would get the attention of some kind of great power like this, but in front of the smile of the rabbit that was the very definition of innocence, he could think of it as just trivial problem.



After having a lot of fun spending important time with Shia……then, he would check at the lord's condition just in case. Hajime muttered that inside his heart while……



Hajime strongly gripped back the hand that Shia presented to him with delighted smile on her face.



–



–



–



AN: Thank you very much for reading this every time.



Thank you very much too for the thoughts, opinions, and reports about misspelling and omitted words.



Continuing from last week, I received a lot of congratulating comment for getting anime.



Really thank you very much!



Now then, there are about two notifications.



It's interesting as usual. To the degree it make me want to reimport the material back to the main story lol



If you like, please go there to look by all means.



–



The spin-off [Arifureta Shokugyou de Sekai Saikyou Zero 1] that was planned to be launched at 25 December will move to 28 December



It get delayed. ……It seems there are various circumstances.



Volume 7 will still be launched at 25 December.



My deepest apology to those who has made a plan or looking forward to it.



It will be delayed by three days but, please kindly take care of it.





Chapter 293




–



At the time the "returnee" uproar was calming down, in a certain day where there would be consecutive holiday in a few more days.



In the living room of his home, Hajime was encountering an extremely troubling situation.



「If you want to pass through here, then step over your mother's dead body.」



「……」



His mother Sumire was standing on his way while repeatedly jumping sideways for some reason.



Her gaze was sharp, and her movement was agile. She was muttering 「kabaddi kabaddi kabaddi」 with small voice……it seemed that it wasn't sideways leaping, but she was imitating India's national sport.



It was completely mysterious that for some reason his mother challenged him with India sport even though he was only trying to go to the kitchen to take some drink.



And then, speaking of mystery,



「Hajime. Tou-san will cry if you aren't showing any reaction soon you know?」



Surely it also applied to the father――Shuu, standing behind him in Joj○ pose that looked relatively painful. (TN: Jojo pose)



In other words, currently Hajime who was trying to take drink from the kitchen was being surrounded by his mother who was doing kabaddi and his father who standing in Joj○ pose for some reason.



Hajime let out a long sigh and,



「I don't want to say something like this to my parents but……I'll dare to say it. ――Seriously annoying.」



「Myy, how can you say that to your father! Just because he is a bit like that, it's cruel! Apologize!」



「Oii, how can you say that to your mother! Just because she is a bit like that, that's cruel! Apologize!」



Sumire and Shuu looked at each other. It seemed they both thought that Hajime's words were directed to the other one. It never crossed their mind that those words could be for themselves.



「Wait a second dear. Just what is annoying from me. He referred to the father who is standing in Joj○ pose at the living room you know? In this world there is no human more annoying than you right now.」



「Ha? I don't get what do you mean though? Is there something more annoying than a mother who is doing kabaddi inside the house? Stop running from reality, Sumire.」



A beat. 「Aa?」「Oo?」 They both pressed on each other. Nagumo family's married couple were galring at each other while sandwiching their son in between.



Hajime was massaging his forehead to endure the headache from the outbreak of incomprehensible matrimonial quarrel.



「Anyway leave aside the matrimonial quarrel for now, can you say just what in the world you two were planning to do?」



Sumire and Shuu who were glaring at each other returned to their original position with a jump *hyupa-*, then with a good coordination that would make one wonder just what with the dangerous atmosphere before this, they spoke their desire.



「「We want to go to another world travel!!」」



Sumire and Shuu's eyes were sparkling. It seemed they wanted to go to Tortus. There would be consecutive holiday soon, so they must be wanting to go to a family trip. And they were requesting for the destination to be another world.



「……Tortus huh. My bad, but is it no good to postpone it for a bit later? It's not that we cannot go, but it will make my plan to get disordered greatly.」



There was a method to go to Tortus. The method was simple. If there was the compass and Crystal Key, they could go anywhere.



Although, it wasn't like there was no problem at all. It was the fuel. Even calling the amount of energy needed to travel between worlds as enormous was still underselling it, an absurd amount of magic power would be necessary. They couldn't travel that easily.



For now, there was a stock of magic power that was just barely enough. There was enough, but there was schedule to use it until Hajime could establish a method to travel easily and freely to another world. He hesitated to use it merely just to go playing.



Hajime was looking reluctant, however, Sumire and Shuu showed a complacent smile as though wanting to say 「That reaction is just as expected」.



And then, they signaled by whistling in front of the dubious Hajime. By the way, Sumire couldn't whistle, so she was saying 「Pyuuu」.



Right after the whistling echoed inside Nagumo house, multiple silhouettes appeared in the living room. It was a teleport that didn't even use gate――"Divine Existence".



Naturally, the ones that appeared were Yue, and then Myuu, Remia, Shia, and Tio who seemed to be teleported by Yue. Yue and co then began moving with a smooth movement that was like trained troupe.



「A-no-ther-world! Want-to-go! A-no-ther-world! Want-to-go!」



When Sumire was starting to take the lead, at the front Myuu, Yue, Remia, and then Sumire were lining up vertically in that order and began doing Choo Choo ○rain. (TN: Choo Choo Train, google it)



Myuu was laughing while doing her best to move her small body in big circle. Yue was depicting a circle with slightly delayed movement. She was expressionless, but she looked like she was having fun somewhat. Remia too was chuckling「Ufufu ♡」 while following their movement splendidly.



Hajime thought. 'These guys, they absolutely practiced this'. At the same time, the face of his mother who was pleading for another world travel with triumphant look made him irritated somehow.



「That's right!」



「To another woorld!」



「Let's go! Desuu!」



When he looked back, Tio, Shuu, and Shia were lining up horizontally while making chuuni pose. Their pose was Joj○ pose that came from accumulating research on top of research.



At the front was his mother's gang perfectly reproducing a revolving dance that was leaving impression in the heart somehow even though its formal name still wasn't clear despite the dance's fame, while at the back was his father's gang who was doing perfect chuuni pose that was also impossible to forget.



「I waaant to see my son's cool side juust for a biit~♪」



「It was my dream to get my son to take me going to a trip you knooow~. I wish my son will fulfill his filial piety~」



The mother and father were whining with their all.



Hajime's forehead massage was getting more intense.



When he was holding his head at his wits' end toward the eccentricity that was under the name of parents' pestering, Yue who was expressionlessly twirling opened her mouth.



「……Hajime. It's important to do what should be done, but family service is also important.」



「Yue……」



A telepathy suddenly arrived from Yue.



『……Besides, Okaa-samamother-in-law and Otou-samafather-in-law want to know the track that Hajime walked. This isn't simply curiosity. But because this is about their treasured son.』



『……』



『……I understand. Hajime doesn't really want, Okaa-sama and Otou-sama to know about what Hajime did. Isn't that right?』



『……You're right. I think it's something they don't need to know.』



『……Okaa-sama and Otou-sama also understand that Hajime is thinking like that. But, exactly because of that, they want to know. In order to convey, that they can embrace Hajime with their feeling like now even after knowing.』



Hajime looked up.



Tortus was an important place where he met Yue and others. There was no way he was avoiding it.



But, at the same time, that world was also hell for Hajime. What he did to escape and return home, should be called as gruesome in earth.



He didn't have the slightest but of regret, and if it was necessary he would do the same thing even now.



Although, he had already told his parents about what he had done, and even Hajime would hesitate to make his father and mother to expressly follow his track and made them felt it for real.



For example, even if he was convinced that how his parents were looking at him wouldn't change from it, as a son, he felt a hesitation that couldn't be explained with logic.



The travel to another world had been done several times, but he had never brought Shuu and Sumire together at those occasions was the manifestation of such thinking.



Seeing Hajime was indecisive, Yue spoke encouragingly at him while still doing twirling dance.



『……I also want to know. With what kind of feeling, what kind of hardship you overcame, in order for Hajime to return back to Okaa-sama and Otou-sama. The two of them have the right to know. Hajime, answer them?』



「……If Yue speak that much, then I cannot escape anymore huh.」



That's right, escape. It was unlike Hajime to do that.



Hajime smiled self-depreciatingly and his shoulders that were tensed unconsciously relaxed.



「Haa. I got it. Kaa-san, Tou-san, I'll invite you two to Tortus at the coming holidays, so stop doing Choo Choo Trai○ and Joj○ pose inside the house already.」



Immediately, 「Wa~i!」 Sumire and Shuu raised both their hands joyfully. They jumped for joy while high fiving each other.



Their frolicking caused Hajime to spontaneously want to tsukkomiretort 「Are you two children!」. That was how happy they were to be able to know about what Hajime went through in another world.



「We did it dear! With this we can see a lot of animal ears as much as we want!」



「Oi oi, Sumire. Don't forget about elf in the flesh! We've got to see the pointed ears twitching even at the risk of our life!」



「That's obvious! Especially the girl! Gufufuh, I really cannot wait to see erlf in the flesh it's painful……」(TN: In Japan, elf is read as erufu, with the 'r' sounds like 'l'. Here Sumire switched the 'u' in the middle with 'o', into erofu. When Japanese people read it, it will still sound like elf, but the ero there refer to erotic.)



「That's it!」



Hajime turned his gaze to Yue.



「What did you say about following my track?」



「……O, of course they also want to know about that, should be……」



Yue's gaze was fiercely swimming around. Seeing how the two were frolicking merrily while chanting 「Erlf! Erlf in the flesh!」, no matter how anyone looked, no parental feeling of wanting to know the son's experience could be seen at all. Rather, their own interest and desire were bared to see.



There, someone pulled *kui kui* at Hajime's hand……



「Papa. Whaaat is erlf?」



Myuu's pure question. Her eyes were shining with curiosity. No way he could teach her the meaning of the words of the two dirty adults. Those pure eyes made Hajime felt like that.



Hajime was directing a nihilistic gaze toward Sumire and Shuu while,



「Myuu. There are things in this world that shouldn't be known.」



「??」



He answered like that.



–



–



–



At the morning of the holiday.



A lot of people were inside Nagumo home's living room.



「Kaori? My angel? Won't you get back into good mood soon? Look, somehow Otou-san is also coming like this. Okay?」



「……」



On the living room's sofa, there was the figure of Kaori who although she was sitting demurely with upright gesture of both her legs sticking close to each other and her hands put on the knees, her expression wasn't even trying to hide her sullenness.



Toward such Kaori――the one who was desperately cheering up his beloved daughter was Shirasaki Tomoichi.



「Kaori, Oji-sanuncle is seriously depressed, so how about leaving it at that?」



The one who was smiling wryly beside Kaori while intermediating was Shizuku.



「Tomoichi-kun too is getting hardships from his daughter huh.」



「……Otou-san? What does that mean? Rather I believe the one getting hardship here is me who found out about my family's hidden occupation and outrageous behavioral principle though?」



「……I stirred up the hornet's nest.」



The one who sent sympathetic words to Tomoichi and got rewarded with reproachful gaze from Shizuku was Yaegashi Koichi who averted his eyes. Beside Koichi, the one who similarly averted her eyes was the grandfather Yaegashi Shuuzou.



「Fufu, Tomoichi-san and Kaori-chan are really close.」



「……It's always embarrassing every time, Kirino-san.」



There were two ladies leisurely watching the father-daughter quarrel while drinking tea at the living room's table. One was Yaegashi Kirino, the other one was Shirasaki Kaoruko. They were respectively the mother of Shizuku and Kaori.



Hearing the talk of Nagumo family going to Tortus for a trip at this consecutive holiday, Kaori and Shizuku pleaded 'In that case we too!'. The result, the families of both household were gathering like this in the living room of Nagumo house.



Unfortunately, the family outside these two families wasn't able to take consecutive holidays. One other family would be the exception and passed off in this time.



In order to bring along that last fellow traveler to this Tortus travel, currently Hajime wasn't in Nagumo house. The people here were waiting for his return.



Actually, Kaoruko was a great fan of Sumire's shoujo mangagirl comic, and Kirino who didn't know about the manga itself but knew about the live-action film knew about Sumire's true identity as the author. Their tension was rising, they were also getting excited talking with Remia and Myuu who joined in the conversation about the mother-daughter's story of the fishman tribe.



Shuu was making fun of Tomoichi, Tomoichi who snapped assaulted Shuu……



Yue was making fun of Kaori, Kaori who snapped assaulted Yue……



Shia coaxed Shuuzou and Koichi that she wished to be shown the technique of Yaegashi-style (hidden), then the two displayed outrageous ninjut――ancient martial arts technique in the garden……



On that garden's tree, a regrettable dragon who blundered early in the morning was being hung down wrapped in bamboo mat……



The neighbor saw the garden of such Nagumo house while passing through hurried footsteps……



The gossip among the neighbors that Nagumo house was a haunted environment of the residential area was accelerating……



They killed time like that for a while.



Suddenly, the space in the living room began to distort like jelly. It was the proof of space teleportation using "gate".



As expected, a round hole that a person could pass through was spreading.



「That bastard, he is obviously having lingering attachment. As I thought, perhaps I should do a scene of Inugami house once to him properly?」 (TN: Inugami house, something like murder story or something in Japan I think)



「That's why I'm saying, why is Hajime-kun is so fixated with Inugami house?」



「Taichi-kun also get a lot of hardships isn't he. More importantly, it's really like Anywhe○ Door. How amazing~」



The one who entered was Hajime and Aiko, and then Aiko's mother Akiko.



It would be Akiko alone who joined them from Hatayama family. The other family members couldn't leave alone their farm even temporarily and this time they would pass up the opportunity. They would participate at another chance when the travel between worlds became easier.



Hajime who crossed through space while talking about something saw the two fathers and the two wives scuffling before his eyes, and then he saw the Yaegashi family displaying things like KatonFire Style or KawarimiSubstitute Technique in the garden, then he saw the four madams chatting and giggling while feeding Myuu, and said a short sentence.



「Eh? What's with this chaos?」



Even though he only left them for thirty minutes, for some reason he was shown great commotion inside the house. His expression cramped.



And then, he saw the Hatayama mother and daughter whose eyes opened wide,



「Aiko's home is really peacefully nice huh. I really like Hatayama family you see~」



「Hee!? I, is that so? Ehehe~」



「My, Hajime-kun you flatterer, saying happy thing like that. Come again to play in the future. Our house's fruits are the best thanks to Aiko you know?」



「Yes. I will come at that time without fail.」



Hajime and Hatayama mother and daughter conversed peacefully.



Under their feet there was still a great ruckus. 「Speaking of the cause, it's the son of you bastard!」「Ha-ha-ha! Tomo-kun, your heart is really narrow huh~. This is why recently Kaori-chan is calling me "Otou-san" adoringly――」「Don't say anymoreeeeee! I'm a bit aware of it after alllll-. Also, Don't call me Tomo-kunnn-」 The father of Shirasaki family and the father of Nagumo family were grappling like that.



Incidentally, beside them was「Muiiiiiiiih, Yue you idioooot」「Nniiiiih, Kaori you stupiiidd」 there was exchange of cat punch and cat kick.



Furthermore, 「Pa, papaaa! Save meee!」 Myuu who was jostled and treated affectionately like a cat by the madam group was reaching out her hand to him while gasping for breath, at the garden Shia VS Shuuzou & Koichi was almost starting, Shizuku was desperately stopping them.



In the end, it would be one hour later when everyone calmed down and they could depart.



–



–



–



Everyone was bringing only baggage in the amount that wouldn't become hindrance and moved to underground the Nagumo house.



The parents from each family were going「A really deep underground room is……」 in surprise. Tomoichi whose occupation was an architect was muttering something like「The Building Standards Law is……」.



Before long they could see the end of the stair, but ahead it became a wall and the path ended.



While everyone's attention gathered at Hajime wondering what to do, Hajime put his hand on a corner of the wall. Instantly, brilliant crimson light ran through the whole wall, and the wall split into two. 「Oo~」 Admiring voices were raised.



「The wall is using a magic called soul magic. If it's not someone that Hajime-kun give permission to, they absolutely won't be able to enter inside. After all the magic literally investigate the compatibility of the soul. Of course, I can enter inside!」



Kaori showed a triumphant look especially toward her father. 「I'm trusted by Hajime-kun you know!」 Such implicit claim caused Tomoichi to display a "sullen face" that was exactly like his daughter before this.



But, the next moment he made a grand tsukkomi with his eyes snapping wide open.



「WAIT A SECOOOOOOOOND! This is obviously strange isn't it!? What's with this size!」



Yes, the underground space Hajime was proud of had the size a bit like a theater building. No matter how one looked at it, it was the size that reached until the other houses in the neighborhood and even underground the main street.



As an architect who often got troubled how to create as much as "size" as possible with limited space, surely this underground space that felt like saying 「It exist for the sake of crushing Building Standards Law!」「The land of other people is mine. The land of the country is also mine」 couldn't be tolerated no matter what.



This space that was as though it existed for the sake of making him, a first class architect wanted to say 'Are you showing off this outrageous thing to me, huuuuh!?' caused Tomoichi to send a glare at Hajime. Hajime smiled wryly while saying.



「I didn't do anything that will make it troublesome to deal with if it's exposed. I'm enlarging the underground space using a magic called space magic. You know about the Treasure Warehouse that Kaori has right? The principle is the same.」



「I, is that so……. Anything is really possible with magic huh……」



Tomoichi felt like the common sense of architect was overturned right from the root and he looked up.



He barely ignored the overwhelming gaze of my angel beside him that was looking for agreement 「Hajime-kun is amazing isn't he? Right, right? Otou-san also think so right?」. He was also doing his best to ignore the exasperated gaze of his wife who was looking at him acting like this.



「Hmmm. This is nice. When Tomoichi-kun yelled just now his voice doesn't really echo. The wall and floor also look strong against impact, it feels like we will be able to have good training here without being a bother to the neighbors. And above all else, it's making the heart dance just from it being underground.」



「Right. Hajime-kun. About this underground space, can you make it under Yaegashi house too if we request it?」



「Otou-san!? Ojii-chanGrandfather!? You two are still planning to make our house into even more outrageous residence!?」



The current house head and assistant instructor of Yaegashi-style who was stepping repeatedly on the floor and striking the wall roughly were leaking out their admiration and envy and desire all over. Together they also ignored the grieving voice 「Stooopp it!」 of the daugther who wanted them to stop.



「……If Shizuku is okay with it, I won't be reluctant to be of help.」 (TN: A reminder, Hajime is using polite language all this time when he is talking with his wives' family here. He is using casual language when talking with his own parents though)



When Hajime was worrying whether it was all right to increase his lover's hardship for more than this while looking at Shizuku, Shizuku shook her head left and right in a display of 「Firm rejection!」.



「Hajime-san, I wonder if you will also receive request for individual underground space? I want to have consultation about a space where only limited people can enter using soul magic though……」



「Okaa-san!?」



Shizuku had no ally. Kiriko's gaze with her index finger touching her cheek and her head tilted that strangely looked appropriate for her was locking straight at Hajime.



Even while Hajime's cheeks were cramping, for now he put away the problem for the future by saying 「If there is a chance I will be open for consultation」.



Except the father of a certain bug rabbit, Hajime was doing his utmost to be considerate to the speech and conduct of his wive~s' family, so he hesitated to reject them down bluntly.



「Hmmmm, no matter how many times I hear it, the discomfort from seeing Goshujin-sama using polite language art still amazing.」



「Isn't it~. A lot has happened since coming to earth, I have also seen Hajime-san like this several times though.」



Tio and Shia were looking at Hajime with a really complicated expression. For the two of them, the demon king Hajime who was crushing absurdity with even more absurdity was exactly what Hajime was to them, so they only felt chill that made their body shiver for some reason when seeing his action and speech that were considerate to other people.



Although, this was the manifestation of Hajime's feeling that was trying to treasure the entirety of his wive~s' family, so they didn't intend to stop him.



They advanced deeper into the underground space that was also Hajime's "underground workshop". Here and there, things like transmutation material, or modern technology goods were placed, the golemsGrim Reapers that were in the process of creation were especially eye-catching.



Even Yue and others, and Sumire and Shuu who were used to seeing them to a certain degree had their gaze wandering around restlessly in curiosity. While that was going on, Hajime pulled several books from a bookshelves that were safekeeping various materials.



Instantly, *gogogo-* a heavy sound resounded and the bookshelves split to left and right. The wall behind it had a metallic two-leaf door that was also made solidly.



Seeing that, it seemed Shuu had a question suddenly welling up inside and he asked while tilting his head.



「Come to think of it Hajime. Why are you using that kind of door? If you have that crystal key something, you can connect the space from anywhere right?」



It was a question that was only natural, which caused everyone's gaze to gather on Hajime.



「Certainly that's true. But this door is also an artifact more or less, it's taking part in economizing the use of magic power. It erased the need to use magic power for designating or fixing the coordinate in place. Though it only has the effect of reducing the cost by twenty percent.」



「I see. If I remember right, the exit is fixed at the palace in the other world. Hahah, Tou-san completely thought that the reason you made this is only because this is cooler.」



Hajime slowly averted his gaze. Actually eighty percent of his reason was that. Also, he secretly gave the name "World Door" to it.



Even though there was already the door that was locked using soul magic to enter the workshop, by the point he set up bookshelves to hide this it was beyond obvious that this was merely his hobby working in full.



The gaze of Yue and co, the wive~s who guessed his reason was lukewarm. Myuu's praise of 「Papa! This bookshelves is cool nano!」 echoed inside his heart in bad meaning. Sumire's wide grin that seemed to say 「I understand you know?」 was unbearable.



「A, anyway, I'll open the door so back away a bit.」



Hajime took out Crystal Key from his Treasure Warehouse, then put it inside the keyhole of the World Door that wasn't particularly necessary. Then, crimson light that was particularly meaningless surged through the whole surface of the World Door, then a pattern that seemed really meaningful emerged out also without any particular meaning.



When even more magic power that was taken out from magic crystals in stock was poured in, before long the World Door started to emit light that was overflowing with mystique and impact. Of course, the light was meaningless.



There, Yue and others also joined in pouring magic power in order to lighten Hajime's burden, each of their magic power light brilliantly illuminated the underground workshop.



Sumire and Shuu were watching in fascination toward that sublime sight without even making commotion with wide eyes. The other parents were even more so.



Before long, the magic power of Hajime and co that was real cheat was completely taken by Crystal Key and World Door. Finally space connection to the side of Tortus was formed.



Hajime rotated the Crystal Key. *Click*, heavy sound of a lock getting opened rang and the door opened. At the same time, *RINGOOOON!* a bell ringing sound reverberated. This was the sound that notified the "gate opening" at the palace's side.



Hajime's crimson, Yue's golden, Shia's bluish white, Tio's pure black, Kaori's silver, Shizuku's lapis lazuli, Aiko's cherry blossom, lights of seven colors overflowed. In front of the opened gate, Hajime who was illuminated by the backlighting looked back across his shoulder while smiling.



And then,



「Then, let's start the another world travel.」



Saying that he stepped inside the light at the lead.



Sumire and Shuu looked at each other's face and their face burst into a bright smile. They raised 「Yafuuuuuh」 a cheer while leaping into the light following their son. After them, Yue and others followed while smiling.



「Now, Otou-san! Okaa-san! Let's go!」



「O, ooh, yo-yo, you're right! But, is this thing really all right……」



「As expected, it gives a bit of hesitation.」



Tomoichi got cold feet and Kaoruko felt nervous. Kaori grasped the hand of her parents who were like that and jumped into the gate while pulling the two.



「He, hey, Aiko. I know that it's fine, but the other side, that's, it cannot be seen from here?」



「……It should be visible though……haa. This is because of Hajime-kun's excessive dramatic act. Geez……sometimes he is just like a child.」



Aiko was making expression of 'really can't be helped' while taking the hand of Akiko who was getting a second thought as expected. Then she led her into the light.



Seeing such Shirasaki family and Hatayama family, Shizuku fired up herself 「As expected, normally anyone will get second thought like that in this time. I have to get a hold of myself here!」.



「To think that I'll be able to have mysterious experience like this in this age. Kukuh, I'm feeling high spirited that is unbecoming for an old man.」



「That's only reasonable, Oyajifather/old man. This is the world of sword and magic you know? It's natural to be thrilled if you are a man. The first one from Yaegashi family who enter will be me!」



「Muh, damn Koichi! Getting head start is unforgivable!」



「Geez, man will be like boys no matter how much time passed isn't it? But, fufu, my heart beat also cannot calm down so I cannot say anything about other people myself. Please wait, dear! Otou-samafather-in-law!」



Everyone of Yaegashi family leaped into the light eagerly. Leaving behind their daughter.



Inside the spacious underground workshop, Shizuku was left alone. Even though she was fired up because it was a travel to unknown world for her family……her eyes were turning hollow.



But, seeing the light was gradually getting weaker, she suddenly returned to her senses and,



「Wa, waiiiit! Don't leave me behiiind!」



She raised her voice in panic while leaping into the gate.



–



–



–



The World Door that was set up inside Nagumo house's underground workshop.



That door that was connected to another world with lights of seven colors overflowing was passed through by people who were fearful, people who were used to it, and also people who were high spirited.



Like that, while *ringooon* sound that was like church's bell was ringing out, they whose eyes were narrowed because of the dazzling light finally managed to secure back their sight. There, what leaped into their sight was――



「……This is another world.」



「Haha……what grandeur. No more words are coming to me.」



It was a grandeur nature.



The World Door at Tortus side was on the summit of a tower that was connected to the place with sky corridor. Naturally, the sight was a 360 degree of great panorama.



The God Mountain was destroyed, so although they couldn't pay respect to the sight of the highest peak that once displayed majestic appearance, the view around became better instead.



The mountain range that was continuing on and on to the north without end was truly the very sigh of another world that was usually seen from fantasy movie and the like. The great plain that was spreading to the south, the palace that was right nearby, and then the scenery of the capital that was filled with the sounds of reconstruction.



It was a magnificent sight that was the same like in earth. But, without any reason, from the air that the skin felt, the people who was currently watching in fascination at the scenery of Tortus from the summit of the tower felt it.



That this wasn't earth. That this was another world of sword and magic.



Sumire's dazed muttering was agreed by Shuu who was similarly having his eyes wide open.



Their voice finally caused the parents of each family to return to their senses.



The round tower was about a hundred meter above ground. Just in case there was fence set up, but normally anyone would refrain from approaching the edge.



But, Tomoichi and Kaoruko, also Shuuzou and Koichi, Kirino too, and then even Akiko followed behind Sumire and Shuu who were striving to be the first to reach the handrail and they ran their gaze until the sight below.



「……Nn, nnh. Ee~, below, you can see the capital of Hairihi Kingdom that is in the middle of reconstruction.」



Suddenly Yue pointed one hand slowly toward the capital while saying such thing theatrically.



「Yue? What are you doing?」



Hajime asked as the representative of everyone.



「……I am tour guide Yue. Entertaining the group is my mission!」



「Eh? Why tour guide?」



「……Bus guide-san at the school trip was amazing in various things, she looked like she was having fun so I wanted to give it a try.」



「I, I see. Or rather, was that guide really that amazing?」



She was amazing. Her mental strength was.



Yue said that and then coughed.



「……And then, the mountain of rubbles that is visible over there, is God Mountain that once boasted a height at the same level with Everest in earth. It was destroyed from the meteors that Hajime rained down by a lot.」



「「「「「「……」」」」」」



For now, there were three convulsing expressions, and three expressions that were unknown what kind of thought they contained. And then,



「As expected from my son! You got flashy there huh, oi! So you destroyed another world's Everest!」



「Please tell me! How did it turn out like that!」



Even though their son was carrying out large scale destruction that changed the geography, for some reason the Nagumo married couple Sumire and Shuu were making ruckus with rocketing tension.



Kaori answered in the place of Hajime who was making really conflicted expression.



「See, we knew that the enemy would come out from the God Mountain, so in that case it's fine isn't it if the they are blown away along with the God Mountain right after the battle started! That was the idea wasn't it? It was really amazing.」



「I guess. Countless meteors were raining down from the sky, and they impacted on God Mountain one after another……a shockwave that was like great earthquake was spreading……I thought, perhaps the end of the world is something like this.」



Shizuku talked with a faraway look. Tomoichi asked with convulsing expression still on his face.



「Ha, Hajime-kun. You, are you really able to make meteor rain down? I, I don't think it's possible but, you cannot do the same at earth too right?」



「……」



Hajime-san slowly averted his gaze. As expected, no matter what he couldn't say that he was able to drop meteor even on earth. Furthermore it didn't just stop there, he had sent up a lot of satellite weapons to the orbit, where he would be able to go *buppa* with sunlight convergence laser anytime. It was even harder to say that.



Although, it could be guessed from his behavior. Tomoichi's expression was grandly convulsing even more. One of the cause of his expression was also because Kaori was making a triumphant look for some reason. He wondered since when my angel had become a child who would be proud of mass destruction……



There, as though reading the mood, Shuu tapped on Tomoichi's shoulder. When Tomoichi who was busily rethinking the cultivation of his beloved daughter's aesthetic sensibility turned a conflicted gaze at him, Shuu made a nice smile that seemed to say 「It's all right, leave it to me」 while nodding with a thumb up and,



「Listen well, Hajime! Absolutely don't use it at earth! You understand right!? It's a promise with Tou-san!」



He rebuked with an unusual strong tone like that. Hajime's eyes turned round seeing that, even so he smiled wryly and answered 「I got it. There is no way I will use something like this there」.



But,



「Are you serious? It's absolute you know? You really, really mustn't use it I'm telling you! A~bbsolutely y'know! Really――」



「Are you pretending!? Are you planning to make Hajime-kun use it!? I've been thinking of this since some time ago though! Hajime-kun's unprecedented conduct was inherited from you right!? Nagumo-Shuu!」



Tomoichi howled. The person in question himself was making a happy face like 「Tomo-kun's reaction is really nice huuuh」. It went without saying that pulsing vein snapped into place on Tomoichi's forehead.



It looked like the grappling of Tomoichi VS Shuu would start again. Beside them Kaoruko smiled wryly saying 「I'm sorry for my husband everytime」, while Sumire lowered her head saying 「My husband himself, it looks like he is really pleased with Tomoichi-san……I'm sorry that he is an idiot」.



There, tour guide Yue-san went *buppa* with bombshell announcement that would send the place falling into even deeper chaos.



「……By the way, there was the headquarter of the sacred teaching church that was the largest religion in this Tortus, but they were the puppet of the evil god with the pope for starters, so all the people there were bombed to death. By Aiko.」



「Hauh!?」



Aiko's chest was pierced by spear of words and she crumbled. Akiko was saying 「I heard the story but, when looking at the actual spot of the scene like this……I don't have any words……」 with her expression somewhat pale and her body slightly trembling.



「Oh my. Geez Aiko-sensei, even though you are cute like a small animal……you are unexpectedly radical aren't you?」



「Hmmm. A teacher who won't shirk from bombing many to death for the sake of the students……you are truly a model teacher.」



「I'm glad that you are the one in charge of Shizuku.」



「I'm sorry-sorry-sorry-sorry-sorry-sorry-sorry-sorry-sorry――police officer-san, I'm the culprit. Sorry-sorry-sorry-sorry-sorry」



Kirino hid her mouth elegantly with her hand while chuckling 「hohoho」, and Shuuzou with Koichi gave her words of praise……for Aiko it became additional blow instead.



She was fiercely doubly stimulated with trauma and guilt that she even prostrating on the ground with hollow eyes while beginning to apologize profusely.



The parents who were in the verge of fighting because of what the child did, the apologizing to each other, pale expression, praise from playful sense of values……



Shia who was watching that smiled wryly, while Tio spoke with a troubled face.



「I have anticipated this but, as I thought, the travel in Tortus has become chaos.」



「The number of people shouldst be reduced a bit mayhaps.」



On the other hand,



「Papaa~. We still aren't going down nano~」



「My my, geez Myuu……to not only acting completely unperturbed, but instead even feel bored in this situation」



Myuu was already urging to embark on the lift. As though to say that the chaos situation before her eyes 'ain't my business at all'. Remia's expression was turning conflicted seeing her daughter's nerve that was getting bolder day by day.



Seeing everything including Myuu just now, Hajime looked up to the sunny sky and,



「This is bad. I want to go home already.」



He muttered such thing earnestly.



–



–



AN: Thank you very much for reading this every time.



Thank you very much too for the thoughts, opinions, and reports about misspelling and omitted words.



For those who hoped for Abyss Lord arc, I'm sorry (sweat)



I'm unable to elaborate any plot yet!



And so, it will be my happiness if you all can go along with the idle chapter until I get idea.



By the way, I also still haven't thought concrete detail of Shia's long arc.



Even the decision of which one to write is still pending. In any case, I'm thinking that writing some kind of long arc from the first Saturday of next year might be a good timing to start perhaps.



This year, there are two weeks remaining but, please treat me well!



By the way, it feels like Tortus travel journal will become a lot, so if there are a lot of people who say that they want to read it, I'm thinking of putting it in between bit by bit like Yue's diary or student life series.





Chapter 294




–



Liliana moved from Tortus to earth, and around the time she became idol princess Lily through a lot of ○○ Princess chapter.



Hajime was walking through the street at night with one hand holding a bag filled with supply.



He was heading toward the condominium that Sumire was renting to use for her work.



Even after becoming a top idol, Lily didn't throw away her position as "mangaka princess". When she had time she would draw her own manga at Sumire's work place, and she was also working as Sumire's assistant even now. Tonight too she was doing that.



By the way, Sumire's work place was rented by thinking about the distance to the publishing company rather than to her own home, so originally using "gate" to teleport was the quickest way.



Regardless of that, Hajime was walking the street at night like this while feeling the coldness in the air. The reason was simply because he was feeling like it.



A certain friend with thin shadow said it to him, that the Artifacts were too convenient and all-purpose. If one didn't control themselves and be prudent to a certain degree in using it, it felt like they would enter the territory of laziness. Hearing that Hajime too could nod 「Certainly」 in agreement.



And so, as long as it wasn't really necessary, he would walk with his own feet like this, or even if he used it, he would manage it so it would still be in the realm of earth's common sense.



「It has become really cold huh……」



It wasn't to the degree that his breath would turn white yet, but it soon would be a period where the autumn colors also ended. Ordinarily it was a period that would make anyone want to put on a warm jacket.



Hajime's physique was tough so it wasn't necessary, but without exception Hajime was also putting on a long cardigan with slightly thicker fabric.



Hajime's appearance today was black jeans and white shirt with loose collar. In addition he was wearing a dark grey long cardigan. His attire itself was simple, but from outsider perspective it looked really good on him. The quality of the clothes that were obviously not cheap even from a glance also somehow raised Hajime's manliness.



In fact, a woman who seemed to be just coming home from work that he passed by just now was throwing several glances at him when they were passing each other, so it seemed that the attire wasn't bad to be able to make a woman to forget their wariness to opposite sex while walking on street at night.



To tell the truth, Hajime's rescent dress code was decided by Remia most of the time.



She and Tio was bearing the responsibility for the design and management of "the shop of jewelry that had just a bit of miraculous blessing" made by Hajime right from the start, but right now they were managing the business with an objective of venturing to apparel product.



Whether it was Remia's western-style design, or Tio's design idea that was a mix of eastern and western style, they became quite the topic so the business was completely on track. In that situation, Remia brought home the clothes and accessories with design from their own company and made Hajime wore it.



Remia looked like she was having fun, so Hajime generally dressed like she was telling him to.



Returning to the main topic.



Hajime was secretly enjoying the night air and the silence while he soon would arrive at the condominium. It was then Hajime suddenly stopped. And then, his eyes narrowed slowly.



At that time there was a female high school student who seemed to be coming back from school club activity was glancing at Hajime while passing him by, so she twitched thinking like 「No way-, my glance is noticed!」. She quickened her pace while shaking.



Of course, just now Hajime wasn't exposing his displeasure because he couldn't bear the glance of a student.



「……Well, doesn't matter.」



Hajime's gaze fell at the supply his hand was holding while slightly hesitating, but then he shrugged and resumed walking.



The condominium Sumire was renting wasn't a high-rise condominium or a high class building, but its security was solid. It also had a manager that was permanently present there which Hajime was acquainted with. Hajime greeted the manager who was a former police officer and entered inside.



He used elevator until the tenth floor. Even there for some reason Hajime's gaze was getting strained while he fished inside his pocket and he did something with a sigh feeling that it was troublesome.



He pulled himself together and rang the interphone. When he showed his face through the camera, an excited voice 「Ye~s! I'll open it now!」 could be heard.



「Welcome! Hajime-san!」



From the door that was opened within just a few seconds, an idol who recently often appeared on TV――so to speak it was Liliana, she leaped out. Her wide smile that was like blooming flower was obviously different from the smile that was seen at TV.



「Yo, I came bringing supply as well as helper.」



Hajime returned back a smile while showing the bag filled with supply. The warm bag was filled inside with warm food like toasted sandwich and so on. The toasted sandwich was handmade by Shia, it was made from ingredients with reduced sugar content, even the bread. A late-night snack that would make woman happy.



「Fufuh, thank you very much. Now, please enter. Although it still cannot be said to be winter, but the air is really cold already.」



「You're right. It feels like a lot of the time an idol will wear thin clothes, so rather than me you should watch out for your health Lily.」



「I'm fine. There are time that it might become fatal for the country if I collapse and the work piled up, so I've been really good at managing my health since my time as princess.」



「……Rather than working hard even if you collapse, working hard so you don't collapse is still better huh……」



How Lily was more concerned to prevent hindrance toward her work rather than her health itself, in the end at her root Lily was a workaholic princess.



Liliana took the supply bag from Hajime's hand, then she also took off his long cardigan.



The inside of the room was warm, wearing the cardigan would be a hindrance in working so it was surely better to wear only shirt but……



From outside perspective, she also looked like a young wife being gallantly helpful toward her husband who was coming home.



In fact, everyone would surely think that.



The assistants who were peeping from the inside door that was left open were having really wide grin on their face. How they were all peeking in vertical line like a totem pole was really as expected from Sumire's assistants.



Hajime's face grimaced at the bad omen that felt like he would be teased and he opened his mouth.



「Machi-neesan and everyone, what are you grinning at?」



「We are shoujo mangaka's assistant you know? There is no way we won't grin after seeing that kind of scene!」



「A real harem man, just seeing it still make my heart beat fast. What's more it's a boy I'm acquainted with.」



「Ha-kun, you aren't going to give going home kiss at Lily-chan!?」



From above, the most veteran assistant Hagiwara Machiko (45 years old), the assistant who even though she was planning a shoujo manga but for some reason it became fighting manga at the middle and until now she still hadn't gotten lucky with serialization Wakai Tsukasa (24 years old ♀), half-Japanese who had American mother got attracted by Japanese manga and left the university aiming to become mangaka Rurikawa Anna (25 years old).



Other than them, there was also an assistant who was acknowledged by herself and others as homo comic lover, and each time she met Hajime her gaze would stickily crawled all over Hajime, Aoyama Narumi (42 years old), and the assistant who was managing maid café as side job (?) and would do her assistant work wearing maid uniform, Mochizuki Mae (29 years old), and so on.



Also, Sumire's pen name was "Nano SumireSumire of South", but the regular members of Sumire Studio at present were the five names above.



Everyone of them was his mother's coworker, and Hajime was acquianted with them since before he was summoned to another workd, so even after coming back he treated them politely. Especially the longest-serving member "Machi-neesanMachiko" and "Naru-sanNarumi", Hajime still couldn't raise his head against them.



Both of them also close in age with Sumire, they were affectionate to Hajime as though he was their real child (teasing included), so when he showed his face to them right after coming back, they were even embracing Hajime tightly while wailing loudly.



Hajime was smiling wryly at them who were jeering at his relation with Lily like usual. Then Sumire came out from inside. Both her hands were already holding Shia's specially made toasted sandwich.



「Hajime, you are late. Just teleport here with puff next time.」



「? Are you in that much of a pinch? I thought that even without Naru-san and Moe-san here, the pace is still enough to make it in time though……」



「About that you see~. Suddenly a non-serialized collaboration project with Lily-chan's work came up. I went with the mood and said okay so it's really a big pinch.」



「Don't say ok because of mood……」



「It can't be helped isn't it? I never thought that Saya-chan in Naru's place will get hospitalized because of pneumonia.」



「Pneumonia? Is she fine? If not I'll do something.」



「She only went to hospital just in case, so it seems she is fine. See, Naru said, I don't know any daughter who cannot read the atmosphere and get hospitalized in this important time! and tried to come here anyway. As expected, that's too much so I stopped her though.」



「Haha……as expected from Naru-san.」



By the way, "Saya-chan" was Narumi's daughter who turned fourteen years old this year. When the mother was a homo comic lover, the daughter was also the same. Hajime was also acquainted with her. Similar with her mother, her gaze would also be really sticky when looking at Hajime.



「What about Moe-san?」



「As for Moe, right now……she is in police station.」



「What the hell!?」



Hajime made a fierce tsukkomi. When he asked, it appeared that a maid of the maid café she was managing was secually harassed by a nasty customer and the maid snapped and ended up smashing the customer's crotch.



An ambulance and police got involved, and although the circumstance was as it was, an injury resulted from the incident so the maid in question was interrogated in the police station while still in her maid uniform. Moe-san seemed to get angry 「What are they thinking doing that with my worker!」 and headed to the police station. While still wearing maid uniform.



「I, is that so. Various things happened one after another huh. Well, I understand the situation. Lily, are you okay?」



「Yes. My part is finished already, so I'm helping Sumire-okaasama. If Hajime-san help out then we will make it in time for tomorrow morning!」



「……So the deadline is at morning.」



'It's seriously a disaster at the eleventh hour here', Hajime thought with a bitter smile while sitting on a desk. And then, after hearing the work content he started working with a practiced movement.



The man who slaughtered a god in another world and was called as his majesty the demon king or the incarnation of unreasonableness by friends and acquaintances was doing assistant work for shoujo manga with very veteran aura……



Inside her heart, Liliana was thinking 'If the people of Tortus know about this, their soul will literally come out from their body won't it' while she also started working.



For a while, a quite time was passing by. The only audible sounds were the sounds of Hajime and Liliaana working, and the sounds of Sumire and the assistants devouring Shia's special toasted sandwich.



Before long, Hajime's hand stopped moving for just a moment for some reason. But he immediately resumed his work while asking Liliana nonchalantly.



「Come to think of it Lily. Recently, is there anything strange or anything you are concerned with?」



「Something I'm concerned with, is it?」



While Sumire and co were bringing sandwich into their mouth with gusto at the side, the two were conversing with each other without taking off their gaze from their respective desk and also without stopping their hands.



A brief moment of silence ensued from Liliana searching her memory before she answered.



「No, there is nothing like that though……why did you ask?」



「Hm~. Look, since you started that help network? It has been quite some time right? It seems it has been spreading quite far and wide already even at the foreign country isn't it?」



「……Yes, indeed. It's already expanding until a level where I cannot pull back anymore.」



Liliana made a completely dry smile. Light was vanishing from her eyes.



「If I remember right, a foundation is in the process of forming right?」



「It seems like it. For some reason, they asked for approval only after the fact. The members of my fanclub want to establish it they said……. The atmosphere feel like holy light church thing, that's why I intend to push so it become "volunteer" organization but……」



'How far I will go I wonder……', she said with an expression like a person adrift on the sea. But, her working speed didn't drop in the slightest.



「Lily-chan's "odd jobs" is going well isn't iiit~」



「At this rate you are going to end up as the founder of new religion.」



「Eh? Don't you know Sumire-sensei? Lily-chan is already worshipped by a minority as Saint-sama! Founder-sama! and so on you know?」



Sumire and others snapped 「Seriously!?」 at Tsukasa-san's information. They were also nibbling at the remaining toasted sandwich while doing that. Liliana's eyes was getting increasingly dead. Of course, her working speed didn't drop.



Hajime smiled wryly while continuing to speak.



「It seems, that the organization's influence is getting too large and crossed over country border.」



「That's……could it be, it is causing movement to start from not good place?」



As expected Liliana who had quick wit couldn't help but devote her attention to this information. She stopped her working hand and lifted her face, her eyes turning round.



Sure enough Sumire and co also couldn't turn a blind eye to this. They forcefully washed down the toasted sandwich with hot coffee and focused on Hajime.



「I don't know if it comes from good place or not. I also cannot say whether there is unconditionally any movement somewhere. After all, the extent your influence is reaching is too wide. It's even spanning the whole world. The method of taking the first move to crush them is inefficient.」



「Indeed. Besides……as I've said just now, I cannot pull back anymore……」



「If Lily seriously want it then it's possible somehow though.」



It was the tide of the era that was built by piling up good will on top of good will with Liliana as the starting point. If Liliana personally wished to sever that flow, Hajime wouldn't think twice.



Hajime asked her 「You don't wish it right?」 with his gaze and wry smile. Hearing how he understood about her and how he would do anything for her caused Liliana's cheeks to blush while she nodded once.



'Kyaaaah, showing off like that! Yoo, Hajime-kun you the man! Geez Hajime-kun! This lady killer!' Sumire and co made a commotion. Hajime's eyes were twitching while he ignored them.



Liliana's blushing was increasingly deepening while she pulled herself back together and asked.



「Cough-. And, Hajime-san is telling me to be careful because soon there will be some kind of action happening around me aren't you?」



「No. Have you noticed that we are already surrounded? That's what I mean.」



Silence fell on the room. It was a painful silence. Anna-san who was drinking the remaining coffee at that timing spewed it out 'Bufuuuh' from her mouth.



「While I was going up, I roughly confirmed the spying device and the like in the whole place, and I took measure beforehand so that no sound can be picked up from here even if they used sound gathering device, but quite a number of people is placed around this mansion right now.」



Silence as expected. Whether Liliana or Sumire and co, they stiffened without being able to move.



But, a beat later, 「LIEEEEEEEEES」 screams were raised.



「Si, si si si, since when!?」



「Wait Hajime! Why are you leaving this alone!? Someone like Okaa-san is inconsequential for you is that it!?」



Bunches of unknown people from who know where were monitoring the condominium……. Liliana was shaken because she didn't notice, while Sumire and co were shaken because of the uneasy situation approaching them.



「I'm not leaving them alone, they came here only today. I guess they built their surveillance base only a few hours ago. They weren't there when I came here two days ago, While I was working just now I was checking the surrounding image of these two days through my magic eye stone, and the suspicious people and vehicles were deploying only a few hours ago here.」



The surrounding image Hajime mentioned was the function from the crow type surveillance artifact――Ornis that he stationed as surveillance network in important place.



The sight that was reflected in Ornis's eye was also projected into Hajime's magic eye stone. In addition, it also had the function to save the image, so the past image could also be replayed in the magic eye stone using remote control.



When Hajime reached nearby the condominium, he sensed the presence of countless people at the outdoor around the building despite the time that was late at night already. He then checked the past image until now.



The result, he found out unfamiliar foreigners coming and going from the wagon that was parking on the parking lot of the condominium and the large vehicles at the parking lot slight distance away. They were taking suspicious action by spending most of their time inside the vehicles.



In addition, he also noticed several foreigners in the nearby apartment and condominium coming and going carrying in equipment.



He sent Ornis flying and made them perched on the veranda on those rooms to look in. There were a lot of devices like telescope, camera, sound collection device, and so on being pointed toward this room from those rooms.



The assistants who listened to those explanations were looking at each other's face with similarly scared expression. Sumire was looking at Liliana worriedly while asking Hajime.



「What is their objective? Does it look like they'll attack?」



「Who knows. Just like I said before, most likely their objective is the founder Lily-sama who is the origin of the network, but whether it's only a surveillance, or they are gauging the timing to come hammering in the nail that is sticking out……in any case thing like foreign country's secret service must be guys like these.」



「Please stop saying founder Lily!」



Both parent and son ignored Liliana who was making tsukkomi faithfully. Sumire tilted her head.



「……This is unlike you Hajime. If you already know that far, usually you are going to crush them first before coming here.」



「That's because I have the important mission of delivering Shia's toasted sandwich while it's still warm.」



Hajime said that with a crisp expression. Sumire wordlessly gave a thumb up. The son also returned a thumb up.



The assistants gave tsukkomi 「No no the priority is strange there. It's delicious though! It's delicious though!」 to them.



「Also, I'm thinking to also take the opportunity to confirm how those guys will move, what is their action guideline.」



「Action guideline, is it? What do you mean, Hajime-san?」



「I said it just now right? Including the sound gathering device, I neutralized their surveillance device. It's not like I broke their equipment, I simply put up a barrier covering this whole room……」



Now then, when all their surveillance method suddenly became disturbed, without a doubt they would think that their presence had been discovered and a measure was taken against them. After that, what kind of action would they take after taking that into account.



They would investigate the cause of their surveillance devices' disturbance, contacted their comrades, or perhaps they would ask for instruction to their superior who might be in their home country or different place. If those were what they did, then they should be taking action soon.



Would they retreat, or else……



「……I see. So that's what they choose. Has they forgot the "returnee uproar", or else, are they seeing value from Lily that they cannot just ignore even with that factored in?」



「Hajime-san? Don't tell me……」



「-, Hajime? They're coming?」



Liliana and Sumire's expression stiffened. The assistants who got quick understanding also shivered a bit knowing that foreign people of unknown origin were coming.



But, amidst that grave looking atmosphere,



「? Why are you all looking that grave when I'm here?」



Hajime alone was making a dubious face.



This talk was too sudden, so even Liliana and Sumire unconsciously thought of this event as a grave matter, but now that he said it that was right. Tension immediately left their shoulders.



Although, the assistants were not used to this kind of extraordinary day, and they only knew about Hajime's abiity and achievement from verbal story so they didn't feel that it was really real. And so, they were still scared.



"?" mark was floating above Hajime's head, he was pondering just what made them felt that worried for a beat.



「Ah, I see. You all are worried about the deadline.」



Hajime's fist lightly hit his palm *pon* in understanding. The assistants appealed 「Wrong! That isn't it!」 to him, but Hajime raised one hand to say that they needed not to speak further.



「Good grief, putting aside Machi-neesan and others, Kaa-san and Lily are really a worrywart. It won't take that long to take care of these guys. Ah, perhaps it's that. It will take a bit of time to interrogate them and other trivial things I guess……. I see, I'm a bit thoughtless here. Even though the deadline is fast approaching. As expected from Kaa-san and Lily. No matter what is the situation, finishing the work is number one. That's pro for you.」



「Ah, yes, that's right.」



「Ah, yep, right in one.」



Hajime came to an understanding by himself. Liliana and Sumire turned a complicated expression together to such Hajime. It wasn't like they were worrying about deadline while foreign force was approaching though……they thought.



Hajime glanced at the two's gaze and hesitated a bit.



And then, he suddenly called out.



「Heliotrope.」



「Yes, right here.」



Out of nowhere, a maid-san appeared from behind Hajime!



Everyone screamed 「HiIIIIH」 and jumped!



「He, Hellina!? You, since when you are there!? No, before that why are you here!? You should be aiding Randell and Okaa-sama in the palace right!?」



The "exclusive maid" who was Liliana's confidant and would always stay at her side――Hellina. She had dark brown long hair, almond eyes, tall body for a female and moderately sized breasts.



Right now she was wearing a Victorian style maid outfit. It was unclear from whose preference it was. Her characteristic trait was her scarf that was attached with a brooch of crimson jewel. Her airily spreading skirt was completely hiding her legs, but the outfit from her waist that was tightly constricted with apron and above was artistically hugging tightly on her body.



It was emphasizing her charm even with her graceful atmosphere.



Plainly speaking, she was an extremely beautiful woman.



That Hellina was,



「Liliana-sama. I am called Heliotrope.」



「Eh? That's, certainly Hajime-san said that just now but, Hellina is Hellina――」



「I am called Heliotrope.」



「Bu, but――」



「I am called Heliotrope.」



「……Yes.」



Princess Liliana folded against the smiling arm twisting. She also didn't receive a single answer for her question. Even though the other party was her trusted subordinate. Even though she was the princess…….



Seeing Liliana's eyes gradually turning teary, for some reason Heliotrope-san smiled sweetly before she faced toward Hajime and said 「My apologize. Your order?」.



Hajime concisely ordered, as though it was only natural for him to do that.



「Suppress them. Extract information from them. I'll leave the rest to you.」



「Yes, my lord.」 (TN: It's said in English at the raw.)



「You said my lord just now! Hellina, you are calling Hajime-san as your master! Your master is me right!?」



Heliotrope-san smiled sweetly and turned her gaze outside the window. Everyone was involuntarily attracted by that gesture and they looked over there. There was particularly nothing there. They returned their gaze. Heliotrope-san was gone.



「Eh!? Hellina!? Where are you!?」



「Calm down Lily. She is your head maid right? You cannot lose your calm like that.」



「Hajime-san is saying that when you look more like her master than me!? Uu, since some time ago it felt somehow that she is prioritizing Hajime-san's instruction rather than mine but, to think it will be this much……. I didn't even know that she is normally here. Even though I'm a princess……」



「That's because you are "former" princess, so it must be that, she is being considerate of you. Surely.」



Liliana thought. No matter how she looked at it, it felt like something of "I found the true master that I have to serve". The two of them had known each other since they were a child so there was no doubt about it. Yes, even though she was always staying at her side since their childhood and Liliana put her trust on Hellina as though they were family, when she realized she had become the demon king's maid!



「Uu, hics, my Hellina got NTR-ed by the demon king……」



「That sounds bad in other's ear. That woman is the leader of the maid group that I trained for guarding Lily you know? Even if you took holiday from being a princess, she is still your Heliotrope whether now or in the past.」



「……That story, tell me more. It's the first time I heard about that maid group to guard me though? And the, even though I am calling her Hellina many times, you are ignoring me really naturally and called her Heliotrope. From that I can catch a glimpse how intimate your relation with Hellina is though?」



「……Putting aside the intimacy of the relationship……eh? I didn't tell you, about the Fleur Knights?」



「I head noo~~~~~thing at all! What is that! Knights? Knight order? Even though they are maid!? Furthermore Hellina is the leader!? She is purely a maid with nonexistent combat skill you know!?」



「She worked really hard.」



「I don't get it!」



Liliana held her head on her wits' end and turned small.



To think, that a combat maid groupFleur Knights was formed while she was ignorant of it, furthermore the girls went through the hellish boot camp at Hauria clan's place, and they were all raised into valorous warrior so that even a single one could take on a battalion of regular knight order. She had never even dreamed of such thing.



Come to think of it, when she was at the kingdom, there was time when she gave them free time for a few months but, so it was that time! After this late she finally remembered. Because she knew Hellina from the past, she still couldn't form the image of her as combat maid.



Sumire and the assistants threw away their sense of danger until just now to the wind, and their tension was rising up without end at the entrance of a genuine combat maid. While they were causing commotion, Hajime normally resumed his work.



While Sumire and co were also getting heated up, it seemed they also grasped that it would be fine to leave it to the combat maid, so they each resumed their work.



Liliana too returned to her work while being lost 「I have a lot I want to ask but, where should I start……」



Like that, Hajime answered the questions from Sumire and co without stopping his hand from working. Then by the time Liliana too finally recovered her calm, she asked Hajime looking a bit worried, deciding that she should at least ask this one for now.



「Say, Hajime-san. This is Hajime-san we are talking about so I believe there won't be any problem but……is Hellina really――」



'Is she really okay?' Just before Liliana could complete that question,



「Are you calling, Liliana-sama?」



「Hyowa!?」



The sudden whisper into her ear caused Liliana to jump and scream while looking flustered which was inappropriate for a former princess.



When she looked back in panic, without her noticing Heliotrope was standing there with a smile, looking completely the same appearance like before.



「He, Helli――」



「It's Heliotrope.」



She wouldn't back down on that. She corrected with a pressuring smile.



「Helli, otrope! Don't surprise me suddenly like that! Are you all right!?」



「I believe it's Liliana-sama who is not all right though……」



'Because, you never fought or anything before, and yet……' Thinking that, Liliana approached Heliotrope and patted all over her body to check for injury. Seeing such Liliana, Heliotrope displayed a delighted and warm expression.



But, when Hajime said 「That's fast」 toward her, she tore off Liliana-sama from herself and tossed her like a waste paper. Then with both her hands propped in front of her apron, she respectfully lowered her head with beautiful motion that would fascinate anyone watching.



「Err, Helli, otrope? You see, although formerly, but I'm a princess you know?」



「Your majesty. Reporting. All the enemies are removed. They are being confined altogether inside a rented room.」



「The information?」



「I will do so immediately after this. But before that, I returned because I wish to report something first.」



Below Liliana was crumbling on the floor in dejection, but the two didn't look at her.



「Is there any problem?」



Hajime tilted his head and asked, to which Heliotrope shook her head,



「No. There is a guest for your majesty.」



Most likely, it was a guest who seemed to have business with the foreign force originally. Hearing that report, Hajime seemed to see through something and he stared at empty air for a bit……



「I see. Let them pass.」



「By your will.」



Heliotrope-san respectfully lowered her head.



Seeing Hajime's practiced manner in acting as a master, the assistants were making commotion like 「Thi, this is demon king Ha-kun」「Sheesh Hajime-chan, what a natural manner as master……」. Among that commotion, Liliana who was still collapsing emotionally got dejected once more while,



「……Hics, as I thought, Hajime-san is more like her master than meee」



Muttering that.



–



AN: Thank you very much for reading this every time.



Thank you very much too for the thoughts, opinions, and reports about misspelling and omitted words.



Thank you very much for the many review regarding Tortus Travel Diary.



I'm thinking of writing it bit by bit.



Now then, the chapter this time, Heliotrope? Who is that? For those who thought that, I believe if you browse「Character Introduction Part II」 and「Stubborn Princess Lily」, you will go「Aa, she was there huh, someone like this」.



I'm sorry for those who are expecting Tortus Travel Diary ②.



I wanted to write about combat maid group no matter what. I want to write the next update with my interest in full throttle too. Please forgive me.



Now then, in preparation for Christmas, I will inform once more.



The publication of volume 7 and Zero volume 1 will be at 25th and 28th.



There are also places where volume 7 has been lined up in storefront.



If you are aiming for special content, early inquiry might be necessary. Please pay attention.



The detailed information (like the special SS and so on) will be uploaded in my activity report.



If you want please go check it.



Best regards.





Chapter 295




–



AN: There is an update at 23 December. For those who haven't read it, please start from the previous chapter.



–



There was the figure of two people trembling halfway up the advanced course of a skiing spot.



「A, Aiko-sa~~n! Are you all riiight~」



「M, my my my my, my groin feel like it will loosen up buuut, I'm not……fii~ne! Is Liliana-san~ all riiight~~!?」



「M, my my my my, my legs feels like they will cramp buuut, I'm not……fii~ne!」



They spread out their skis until the very limit and they were slipping rather than sliding. The two who were like this were Aiko and Liliana.



They wanted to put the brake and stop, but they couldn't stop, or perhaps they actually intended to ski after a fashion. It was unclear what they wanted to do.



In any case, the two who were spreading out their skis too much with legs that wouldn't stop shaking were amateur skier no matter how anyone looked at them. They shouldn't be in this advanced course.



They became able to slide just for a bit. After that they got cocky and came to the advanced course. There they got taken aback 「What's this, this is practically a cliff」, however their pride got in the way 「We already climbed all the way here, going down with the lift will be embarrassing……」 and they skied down. Now they were regretting it like this.



Now then, just as could be seen from the situation, today Nagumo family came here for a ski trip.



Having said that, Sumire and Shuu were absent. By this time the two of them must be going to a hot spring date just the two of them husband and wife without any outsider present. Shia won a pair ticket from the shopping district's lottery roll, and she presented it to the two filled with her gratitude for everyday.



To that, Sumire said that if that the case they should have everyone came together by paying it from their own pocket, but Shuu said 「She is giving us a pair ticket, it should be fine going with just the two of us at least once a year right?」, so Sumire agreed even reluctantly.



And then, perhaps to hide her embarrassment or something, she suggested (?) so that while they were enjoying the hot spring trip, it would be painful if their son's family just did nothing at home, so Hajime should give service to his family!, and like that it became this ski trip.



Back to the topic.



Aiko and Liliana finally became teary eyed, it was then,



「YAFFUUUUUUUUUUUU!!」



「SOMETHING LIKE THIS ART NOT TOO BAAADD!」



'Brake? What is that, is that tasty?' Shia and Tio were passing through with terrific momentum as though to say that.



Their figure manipulating the snowboard magnificently was the very definition of skill. Both of them were engraving the figure of 8 on the snow surface with beautiful symmetry. Even though they were only learning how to ski today, their figure was like a pro snowboarder.



「……」



「……」



Aiko and Liliana were staring at the back of Shia and Tio that had became small in the blink of eye while trembling all over.



「……nn. Kaori, sloo~~w」



「The grudge of getting dropped from the lift just now! I HAVEN'T FORGOTTEN ITTTTTTTT-!」



「Wait Kaori! That's ski! It's not a board! It's thin so you understand right!? I'm telling you to wait!」



*SHA! SHA! SHA!* Yue, Kaori, and Shizuku were passing through in that order. Yue-sama kept facing backward, while Kaori was riding on a single ski for some reason, and Shizuku was holding one ski and Kaori's snowboard. They were sliding with high speed as expected.



「……」



「……」



The two had dropped, no, slid down for about three meters from before. *Slid slid, slid slid*. Aiko and Liliana's legs that were spread out too much were already passing through shaking and into trembling now.



Someone, please help……



The two were in the state where it felt like such voice of heart was audible.



The hero of the girls who would surely appear at this kind of time……



Certainly appeared this time too.



「Oo~i, both of you. Are you two going through withdrawal symptoms there?」



It was his voice! They were saved! They wanted to tsukkomi so much at the content of his words, but right now they were in the middle of danger of having their legs almost forcefully spread out. They couldn't be concerned with trivial matter! Thinking that, Aiko and Liliana made a joyful look and turned their gaze to the direction of the voice,



「Faster! Even faster! Myuu is becoming wind nano!」



「My, Myuu! Slo, slow down a bit……」



「It's fine Remia. I'm holding you firmly.」



Myuu, Remia, and Hajime were riding on a sleigh in that order harmoniously while passing through with terrific speed, as expected.



Myuu looked like she was having so much fun. Remia who was sitting between Myuu and Hajime was a bit scared with the speed, and yet her cheeks were blushing slightly because she was getting hugged from the back by Hajime.



It was a really warm family scene.



They instantly passed through though.



The two were completely left behind though.



「I can't anymore……」



「A, Aiko-saa~~~~~nn」



Screams were reverberating from halfway up the advance course.



After that, at an inconspicuous place in the corner of the course, the figure of Liliana applying healing magic to the groin of Aiko who was fainting from fear was seen but……



From the view point of outsider, they only saw a scene of a young girl gently touching the groin of another girl behind cover, after the two somehow got down to the foot of the mountain, they were exposed to inquisitive gazes from the people around.



–



–



–



「Nn? It feels like I heard a scream just now.」



Hajime felt like he heard a scream from behind and he spontaneously looked back.



「Dear? Is there something?」



Remia asked across her shoulder with an upward gaze. Today's Remia was without her usual atmosphere of smiling holy mother. Her being in the environment of snowy mountain for the first time, her inability to ski at all, and the speed that Myuu exerted as though she was a speed demon were making her twitching uneasily from beginning to end.



Hajime said 「No, nothing」 and smiled wryly while shaking his head. And then, he embraced her once more with even more strength. Tension left Remia's body slightly.



「Hei hei hee~~i! Nano!」



「Myuu, it's fine to be high spirited but Remia is scared you know?」



Hajime tentatively warned her, but Myuu didn't notice because she was getting absorbed in beating the snowboard that was sliding side by side with them.



A sleigh that was being boarded by three parents and child were rushing down in reckless speed at the advance course……



It wasn't unreasonable for the snowboarders who were overtaken to watch that with wide open eyes. Several people were too shocked that they lost their balance and 「AA~~~~~!!」 tumbled down.



While that was going on the foot of the mountain came into view. A lot of people were there, so it would be dangerous if they didn't decrease their speed any time now.



Thinking that, Hajime opened his mouth to tell Myuu to brake. Myuu said that she wanted to steer the sleigh from start to end bringing papa and mama, so he was thinking to leave the stopping to Myuu too.



But, before he could speak,



「Papa! Over there something that looks really fun is happening over there nano!」



「Hm? Aah, half-pipe huh.」



Looking there, there was a half-pipe that could be reached directly from the advanced course. The snowboarders were displaying each of their technique there.



The sight of snowboarders executing technique midair tightly grasped Myuu's inquisitiveness and sense of adventure. Her eyes were sparkling bright, the hands that were grasping the rein clenched tightly.



「Papa! Mama! We will do that too nano!」



「Can you? I also prepared a board for Myuu but――」



「Watch Myuu's technique! Nano!」



Myuu slanted her weight drastically and pulled the rein. The sleigh obeyed the driver's control and changed course instantly! The destination it headed to was of course, the half-pipe!]



「Ah, hey, Myuu! Who will go there using sleigh! Stop it for now!」



「If you can stop this then damn try to stop it! Nano!」



「This brat! She is receiving Shia's bad influence!?」



The face of the smiling holy mother Remia-san was twitching senselessly. She was desperately hugging Myuu on her chest really tightly to stop her, but Myuu whose tension was rising too much and entered a state of high didn't stop!



Hajime-papa put his foot outside to stop the sleigh forcefully.



There was one thing to remember here. Actually this sleigh was an artifact Hajime created for Myuu, but Hajime had the nature of being unable to feel satisfied unless he put romance into a vehicle.



For example, thing like weapon, or transformation……



This time, the romance that was installed into the sleigh for Myuu's exclusive use was……propulsion device.



It has propulsive power so it can slide even in level surface! Great isn't it, Myuu!



「BOOOST~~~~~~」



「Hoi! Myuu! Stop play――」



「ON NANO!」



*BOOM* The sleigh instantly accelerated! Hajime-papa's feet were only digging groove into the snow and didn't function as brake!



And then, before he could forcefully stop the sleigh with another method――



The sleigh charged into the half-pipe!



「YAFUUUUUU NANOO!」



「FUAAAAAAAAAAAAAH」



The sleigh instantly rushed up the curving part, and then……the Nagumo family flew to the sky.



On the ground, the audiences and snowboarders were dumbfounded and astonished at the sight of a family of tree dancing in the sky.



Myuu's joyful voice, and Remia's scream that was rare to hear reverberated.



The sleigh hovered for a moment in the air. The centrifugal force pushing up the sleigh vanished, then the three were thrown out weightlessly from the sleigh.



Remia-mama's soft knitted hat flew. The person herself almost fainted with the white of her eyes showing! The audiences returned to their senses, and they screamed from imagining the end of the family that flew for five meter from the lip part of the half-pipe!



「Haa……there will be punishment later.」



Hajime somersaulted midair. Each of his hand caught Myuu and Remia and he held them in a posture of them sitting on his arms. Both of them reflexively grabbed on Hajime's neck.



Hajime used the centrifugal force from his somersault and caught the sleigh with his foot using the principle of midair spinning kick. He adjusted the way the sleigh was facing and then boarded on it while catching Remia's knitted hat with his mouth.



Next was free falling. The moment he landed on the curved part, he made use of his knee to completely killed the impact. Without letting go of the two he slid, and when he flew out at the opposite side he kicked away the sleigh at the same time, and then landed on the ground with *splat*.



The noisy surrounding of the half-pipe fell dead silent.



But, that too was only for a few moment.



The next moment a loud cheer rose. 「What's that just now!?」 or 「No way, you saw how he caught two people and landed from that height!」 or 「Rather, why a sleigh!?」, voices that were filled with excitement came one after another.



Amidst that,



「Fuwaa. It was fun nano!」



Myuu smiled innocently. Hajime-papa let down only Myuu gently……*pechin-* a forehead flick burst.



「~~~~~~-!?」



Myuu writhed in pain. The soft knitted hat that was matching with Remia offered no defense at all against the impact. Both her hands pressed down on her forehead and she squatted while trembling *purupuru* with teary eyes.



「Myuu. Certainly papa is also bad for installing propulsion device so that you can play even on level ground. But, you were told before playing right? Don't do something that papa, mama, or one of the one-chan told you to stop. You broke your promise.」



「Au……bu, but……」



「Look. Mama was really scared. Does Myuu want to have fun even if you have to trouble your mama?」



Remia-mama was still hugging Hajime. Seeing Myuu's figure being scolded by papa, Remia spoke her usual 「My my」 while scolding her 'bad' like Hajime.



Seeing that, Myuu got dejected. She spoke 「Sorry nano」 wit teary eyes and teary voice.



「Yosh. You are able to apologize properly huh.」



「My my, Myuu. Look, papa isn't angry anymore. Lift up your face?」



Her head was patted by papa and mama. Myuu rubbed her eyes repeatedly then smiled widely.



For some reason 「Oo」 voice rose from the surrounding. It seemed the audiences were feeling moved seeing a bit of family drama.



Or rather, that was how much a center of attention they were.



Remia who was finally mentally recovered from the harrowing experience didn't notice the situation around before, but now she recalled her own state and her cheeks puffed red.



「Say……dear? I'm fine already, so please let me down now……it's embarrassing.」



「Hm? Aa, I see. Here.」



Remia was let down gently. Admiring voice and fascinated sigh leaked out once more from the surrounding people. Remia was undoubtedly a beauty with blond hair. Furthermore, right now she was blushing from embarrassment and other things with moist eyes, strange sex appeal was overflowing from her.



At the same time the surrounding――especially the men were sending jealous gaze like a line of spears at Hajime. Thinking of Myuu's existence and how she called Hajime, it was clear what was the relationship between them.



But, naturally Hajime-san didn't shrink back against such gaze of that level.



He ignored the rabbles as though to say that there was no one here except himself, Myuu, and Remia. He took the hat of Remia that fell off and put it on Remia's hand in a manner as though he was handling a glass artwork.



Hajime adjusted the placing of Remia's hair. Each time his fingertip gently brushed Remia's forehead and ear, Remia would expose a ticklish expression that also looked like she was feeling good.



Seeing that, the men became increasingly peevish.



「Chih. A blonde haired foreigner wife……how did he got a wife like that huh?」



「Even though we here don't even get lucky in picking up girl.」



「Don't say it. I'm gonna cry here.」



「Wait, you guys. The sleigh. It's using sleigh. If we slide on the half-pipe using sleigh……」



「「「We can marry a blond haired foreigner beauty!?」」」



Half-pipe, sleigh――it was the moment a new sport was created.



「Hajime-saa~~n! What are you doing thereee~」



「……Hajime. Ride sleigh while hugging me too. Like Remia. Like Remia.」



「A sleigh……it looks a bit embarrassing.」



「You're right……but, it can be used to slide in level ground too, if it's in a place where there is no one……」



「Rather, I wisheth to be used as sleigh.」



Shia was running at the front while hopping *pyon pyon*, behind her was Yue, Kaori, Shizuku, and Tio. By the way, Yue-san today was a teenage version.



Naturally, the people were making commotion at the appearance of the beauty army. Furthermore, they were approaching the man who was currently displaying a scene of flirting with blonde haired beauty while also holding a cute daughter. The commotion was gradually increasing!



「Shia. You, you were bringing out Myuu in your drive secretly from me aren't you?」



「……I, I don't really understand what you are saying.」



「Your rabbit ears are twitching there. You're really shaken up.」



Even the rabbit ears that ordinary person couldn't see were in plain view for Hajime and co. The rabbit ears were fiercely trembling. It seemed she was guilty.



Hajime stretched Shia's cheeks *munyo~n* and made her to be tearful. Yue and others were gathering around him.



「Half-pipe sleigh……no way. So it's actually that effective.」



「I'll go renting a sleigh for a bit.」



「Wait, I'm going too.」



At this day, people getting sent flying or rolling around showily from trying to slide using sleigh appeared in succession, the ski area was falling into temporary chaos.



–



–



–



Leaving behind the half-pipe that was getting enthusiastic to a completely unknown direction, Aiko who was walking pigeon-toed for some reason and a completely exhausted Liliana also returned, so they took a break while also wandering leisurely at the facility around the foot of the mountain.



There, they discovered a crowd at slight distance away. Wondering what was going on, Hajime and co also tried approaching.



「Hee, snowball fight huh.」



「……Nn. It doesn't really look like a tournament.」



「Looks like anyone can freely join. Eerrr, let's see here……looks like you can enter a three man team. O, looks like the winning team will be presented with a memento.」



Shia read the nearby plank while saying that. Hearing that Myuu's eyes were sparkling as expected.



Three man team meant that three people from a family could participate. It seemed to be a consideration from the organizer's side, and just as they intended, there were a lot of family participating, fighting each other in three man family VS three man family.



There were three courts, but rather than a serious competition, everyone were having fun in the event.



Furthermore, the snowball had to be created by themselves. There were three defensive walls, the time limit was five minutes. The team with the most survivor at the end would be the victor.



「In other words, it's fine to just annihilate the other team nano!」



What a child with quick comprehension. It seemed she was fully motivated to participate.



Hajime-papa was making a smile that looked like 「Fuh, so it's my turn」. It seemed that he was thinking that there wasn't a slightest chance he wouldn't be picked into his beloved daughter's team.



Beside Hajime, Yue was making the same smile. 「……Fuh. Is annihilation battle what you wished for?」 the vampire princess who was specialized in annihilation class magic was also not doubting even the slightest bit that she would be chosen.



「Tio-oneechan! Shia-oneechan! Let's go together!」



「Hoe? Me? Fufu~n, that's fine! I will answer commander Myuu's expectation without fail!」



「Hou, so you chose me. Myuu, that's quite a discerning gaze thou hath there. My vocation art "protector". I wouldst protect Myuu perfectly there.」



Hajime-papa and vampire princess-oneechan crumbled. Both of them were similarly going 「Impossible……」 in stupefaction.



「Ee~rr, Myuu? Why didn't you pick papa?」



Remia tried asking in the place of the crumbling Hajime. Myuu made an expression as though she was asking something obvious and she spoke her standard for choosing.



「First, what is necessary is physical firepower nano. Then, the only option for attacker role is the bug rabbit Shia-oneechan.」



If it was just an event then it felt like anyone would be fine, however, her reasoning made sense. Her choosing standard was quite something.



「For the other one, Myuu was thinking of Shizuku-oneechan who is good at throwing but……」



It seemed that Hajime-papa and vampire princess-oneechan were out of question right from the start. The two were starting to draw circles on the ground together.



「In case there is someone who specialize in attacking among the enemy, Myuu believed that defensive power should be insured nano.」



「Myuu, thou hath learned tactic really well.」



The player would be out by the time a snowball hit them so defensive power wasn't related at all in this but……starting from Shizuku, Kaori and Aiko and Liliana were making a warm smile.



Until they heard her next words.



「And so, Myuu chose the meat shie――the tough Tio-oneechan nano!」



「Wait a second, Myuu. Just now, thou was about to say meat shield wasn't it? This art the biggest shock Tio-oneechan received in these few years! For the cute Myuu to think of Onee-chan as meat shield, I doth not know how to process this though!?」



It seemed she was also completely receiving bad influence from Hajime-papa.



Tio who was greatly shaken approached Miu while saying 「Tell me that it's a lie Myuu~」. Myuu was also shaken and her gaze darted around……then she made a stiff expression in resolve and spoke.



「Think of it as a good thing!」



「Think of it as a good thing, thou mean it's a good thing to think of Onee-chan as meat shield!?」



「If it's Tio-oneechan you should be happy nano! Rather Tio-oneechan who won't be happy with this is just a mere beautiful Onee-chan nano!」



「Art not that a good thing!?」



「It's a loss of identity~ nano! A loss of character~ nano!」



「Nuguo~, mine self art going to lose in argument~~」



Should she be happy to be called a meat shield Onee-chan, or should she be happy. That was the problem.



Myuu took the worrying Tio's hand, led away Shia who was smiling wryly, then she applied for the registration with only momentum.



Hajime and Yue who were still down were left as they were.



Myuu's snowball fight began through such happenings. Her opponent was a team of female university students. Myuu's team also consisted on only female, both sides had good look, so the audiences were quite roused.



Myuu put Shia and Tio on her left and right. She was folding her arms while standing imposingly. A fearless smile was tugged on her lips. It was as though she closely resembled a certain someone.



The females at the opposing team saw Myuu and started squealing 「Look look, that girl! She is really cute!」「Waa, she is really enthusiastic! So cute!」.



「You can have fun while you still can now. Myuu will show you hell soon, nano.」



「Hajime-san, you cannot speak about other people. It's Hajime-san who is influencing Myuu the most.」



Shia smiled wryly seeing Myuu speaking like a gangster with that cute face.



「Tio-oneechan. When the match begin Myuu want you to go forward. Hold back the snowballs, and when a snowball that Myuu cannot evade come then Myuu want Onee-chan to block it nano.」



「As I hath thought I am treated as meat shield.」



Commander Myuu wouldn't be bothered by trivial thing.



「Shia-oneechan. Myuu don't want to waste time nano. Please do Shia-oneechan's special move nano.」



「Special move? Uu~n, a, something like that is it. Roger desu.」



Like that the snowball fight began! The referee saw Myuu and made a warm smile, then gave the signal 「Start~」 leniently.



At the same time, the females at the opposing team picked the snowballs they had diligently created and threw it 「Ee~i!」 really leniently. Their aim was all over the place, most of them were toward inaccurate direction.



It didn't look like there was any need to use Tio as meat shield. Tio was taking cover at the front line defensive wall while tossing *po~I po~i* returning fire to hold back the enemy with a complicated expression.



「Shia-oneechan.」



「Ay ay, preparation is finished desu!」



「Roger. Target, the enemy's rear defensive wall! Fireee!!」



「Go fly until the moooon! Desuu!」



A snowball that was super compressed with super grip strength was thrown in a way that caused the air to make a strange sound *hyugoh*――



「ABAAAAAAAAH!?」



「Ah……」



「Myu……」



Shia inflicted a powerful friendly fire. The sudden impact that was dealt on her back caused Tio to collide with the defensive wall before her in a posture that was like a shrimp. The defensive wall was half-destroyed from that and she ended up hanging on the top,



「This is……mine, identityyy~」



She murmured such thing with expression of ecstasy before she stopped moving with a plop.



The cheers stopped. The place fell dead silent. The females who were squealing until just now were staring at Tio with pale face.



Amidst that silence,'



「Hi, hit confirmed! Correction shot! Fireee!」



「Ro, roger desuu!」



Commander Myuu was unperturbed! And then, the loyal rabbit held the snowball firmly this time and threw! Accurately, it shot through the side of the enemy team and pulverized the defensive wall at the back! That result was truly like a bombing!



「Hit confirmed! Target destroyed! Effective shot~, fi――」



'Fireee!' Surely that was what would be said. But, before the word was completed a snowball hit Myuu so her order was interrupted. Looking back, the referee was there.



「Disqualified.」



「Aa, yes nano.」



The referee emitted a pressure that wouldn't allow any objection. Aiko and others with Remia-mama at the forefront were bowing their head repeatedly while retreating in escape.



A beat later, scream and cheer reverberated from behind.



–



–



–



*Roll roll, roll roll* Kaori was rolling a snowball while talking to Yue who were similarly *roll roll, roll roll* rolling snowball beside her.



「……Making snowman is calming the heart somehow.」



「……Nn.」



*Roll roll, roll roll*. The two continued to form snowball silently. Unusually they didn't show any sign of quarreling.



This was an open space some distance away from the ski area. A place that was near the buildings of hotel and inn lining up. It was a public park for relaxing like where the small children would play with snow.



It was a place where it was okay to create snowman and left them there (only in the case they asked for permission and bought decoration item at the stand under management control), and so there were various snowmen and objects in various sizes around.



In a few more hours the blazing light of the evening sun would create long shadow.



If it had to be said why Yue and kaori were making snowball silently in such place,



「We got too high spirited didn't we?」



「……Nn.」



Yue-sama who was excessively taciturn.



When Kaori glanced to the side, Yue was somewhat teary eyed……



「…..Hajime got angry.」



「Yeah.」



After the snowball fight, the group was strolling aimlessly once more and encountered an event of making snow sculpture. The organizer prepared a lump of hardened snow for the participants to carve it into snow sculpture.



There, the two who were starting a stupid fight like usual provoked each other and decided to settle their dispute in this event, but they both made Hajime into the model for the statue they sculpted.



If it was just that, Hajime would just endure his embarrassment.



Even if Kaori used outrageous technique of twin sword art using large chisels, or Yue was pretending to sculpt while forming shape using ice element magic, with each side using foul play and irrational method, and that the place fell into commotion because of that, well, Hajime would surely ignore it because they had fun.



But, the two's quarrel entered into criticism toward each other's sculpture, their statue shifted into naked sculpture that was like David statue, and then they escalated. By the point of time they got fixated at forming the crotch, Hajime's embarrassment burst.



Two beautiful girls were heatedly arguing with each other in front of public eye about the molding of a single man's crotch. In addition, because it was a delicate part, they didn't use any tool and shaped it using their hands, that part of the snow sculpture.



The parents who were participating in the event naturally covered their children's eyes「You cannot watch that!」, the fathers were sending their wide smirk at Hajime, while the young men were sending him murderous gaze, while the girls were getting unjust suspicion of the relationship between Hajime and Yue & Kaori with blushing cheeks.



And so, Hajime smashed the snow sculptures into nothing. He dropped his knuckles on the head of the two who were protesting him, grabbed their collar and dragged away the two who turned limp while leaving the place.



Due to that, the two were self-reflecting a bit while making snowman in a quite place. When Kaori recalled the event, it felt like her face would get on fire.



At slight distance away, Hajime was rolling a snowball that was around two meter. Myuu was taking balance on top of it while walking.



At another place, Shizuku and Aiko were arguing cheerfully with each other about the face part of the snowman, like this or like that, while decorating it.



Shia and Tio were diligently making several moderately sized snowballs.



In addition, there was a snow hut nearby the spot that was planned for the snow man to be put at, Remia and Liliana were inside warming themselves. Both of them seemed to be relatively weak against cold.



The size of the snowball Hajime was making gathered attention from families and couples that were scattered around sporadically. Amidst that attention, Hajime raised his voice to check.



「O~i, how is over there doing?」



In response, Shizuku who was in charge of decoration cheerfully replied.



「Yep, over here is all right.」



「The material is also complete~」



Liliana and Remia crawled out slowly from the snow hut while lifting up some things for decoration.



'Oh, finally they are going to decorate?' The people in the park gathered toward them.



The plan of Hajime and co was to make a specially large snowman――a total height of four meter with three snowballs piled up――right in the middle of the park, with nine small snowmen around it.



There, Hajime suddenly noticed something.



「Ah, come to think of it I forgot the ladder……」



Hajime muttered with feeling like「Ah damn」. Putting aside the small snowmen, the specially large snowman's torso and head would need a big ladder to place them in position.



He had one stored inside his Treasure Warehouse, but he didn't take it out beforehand, so it was hard to take it out with all the gathered attention.



Should he obediently go to a shop to rent it……while Hajime was thinking that,



「Oo~I, you guys. Want to use this?」



「Hm? Aa, that will help……」



An unfamiliar middle-aged man was carrying a splendid ladder on his shoulder while walking toward them. Seeing Hajime opened his eyes wide in surprise, the middle-aged man laughed pleasantly and spoke.



「Haha, it looks like you all are going to make a really splendid snowmen, so I wondered if you will let us participate in the commemoration if you don't mind.」



「I see. So it's like that.」



Looking closer, there was a boy hiding behind the uncle.



Hajime smiled slightly and showed his agreement. The boy's expression brightened.



With that as the beginning, 'Please let us too!', the other families and couples asked to be allowed to join.



Yue and Kaori, and Shia and Tio who were diligently rolling snowballs for the small snowmen were slightly surprised, but when they looked at Hajime, he was smiling slightly and nodded, so they also smiled and rolled snow together with other people.



Seeing participants increasing one after another, Myuu who was on top of the huge snowball puffed out her chest.



「Myuu is the leader nano! Everyone, work hard! We are making snowmen that will last until spring nano!」



There was also an atmosphere in the place. The families and couples that numbered nearly twenty people in the end were all responding「Oo~!」 cheerfully at Myuu.



「Ahaha, then leader Myuu. Please give order to everyone.」



「Mufufu~! Leave it to Myuu nano!」



Hajime's respectful way of speaking caused Myuu to also smile while she started giving instruction energetically.



After that, with the many cooperation they obtained, they completed a total of ten snowmen genuinely under Myuu's instruction.



A snowman with fixed stare, a snowman with rabbit ears, a snowman with ponytail attached, and so on, they were snowmen with trait that closely resembled certain people somewhere.



Even the participants surely could guess which was who. They were giving warm smile to Yue and co who were looking a bit embarrassed.



At the end, Hajime was carrying Myuu in his arms, climbed up the ladder that was supported by the people, and with a relay format the head of the specially large snowman――the head part of demon king-sama with eye patch attached was carried to the top.



「Myuu, don't fall. Put your feet on the ladder firmly.」



「Yes nano.」



Hajime put down Myuu on the ladder. He then received the head part that was brought from below, and then he made Myuu to hold it.



Myuu staggered slightly even with Hajime supporting her.



From below, a lot of participants were watching over them while holding their breath.



Myuu was scolding her arms that were shaking all over while carefully, carefully holding the last snowball……*plop* she set it up on the designated spot.



And then, she sloo~wly took her hands away……



「「「「「「Oo~~~~~」」」」」



Cheers and applauses reverberated all at once!



When Myuu made a guts pose「It's completed~~」, the enthusiasm of the place echoed even further hearing that bright shout of joy that was filled with delighted sense of accomplishment.



Yue and others also exchanged smile with participants who they knew only just now and they thanked each other. They were really having fun.



Hajime hugged Myuu once more while his expression looked as though he suddenly recalled something.



「Oi, Tio.」



「Mu? ……Oo, I see. That wouldst be nice. Leave it to me.」



Tio noticed Hajime's intention as though they were of the same mind, then she immediately left the circle of people.



「Papa?」



「Myuu, bestow those words to everyone. The present will be that.」



Myuu was making a puzzled face. Hajime turned his gaze toward Tio while saying such thing to Myuu.



Myuu's expression turned 'hah' in realization, then she once more remembered what day today was and she smiled widely.



And then, Tio who finished setting up the toolartifact gave a thumb up. Confirming that, Myuu waved both her hands and raised her voice.



「Everyone~~~~!」



Myuu gathered attention once more. Toward them all, Myuu took a deep breath……



「MERRY~~~~~ CHRISTMA~~~S!! NANO!」



And then, she pointed with her finger.



Lured by that, the participants turned their gaze, and there a splendid camera equipment was set up.



It was something Tio pulled out from Treasure Warehouse outside of people's gaze,



The participants who guessed the intention here adjusted their position hurriedly.



Hajime and Myuu were on the ladder. Yue and co were right below the demon king snowman.



The participants were surrounding them.



「Then here we go!」



*Kaclick*. Tio dashed with hurried footsteps and slid beside Yue and others.



And then,



――*pasha!*



After that, a photo that really conveyed the delight from people they didn't even know who were centered around the snowmen and Nagumo family was completed. The giant snowmen and small snowmen would later get reported in TV that they really didn't melt until spring.



Of course, it was possible to mass produce the photo like Polaroid camera right on the spot, so it was distributed to the participants as Christmas present.



The participants, every single one of them broke up while immersing themselves in pleasant fatigue and enjoyable aftertaste with a photo in hand.



「This kind of thing isn't bad once in a while. Merry Christmas.」



While returning to their inn, hajime said that with a peaceful smile.



Of course, Yue and co, everyone similarly,



「「「「「「「「「Merry~ Christmas!」」」」」」」」」



They replied like that.



–



–



AN: Thank you very much for reading this every time.



Thank you very much too for the thoughts, opinions, and reports about misspelling and omitted words.



At the end of the chapter this time, in a relatively unusual event the casts were mingling with ordinary folks.



It's Christmas, so I wanted to write a story that can give warmth as soon as possible.



By the way, a story of making snowman with unfamiliar people……



Is there also those who somehow feel déjà vu?



Yes, its inspiration come from Shirakome's bible, Aria.



In the anime it's [Aria the Natural Episode 26 From that white gentle town…]



For Shirakome, it's an episode that entered the top 5 of my favorite.



Everyone too, how about feeling warm and fluffy by watching Aria in Christmas?



In any case, Merry Christmas!





Chapter 296




–



「Ahaha, really I'm sorry. Coming at this hour. Furthermore it seems that I'm being a hindrance to everyone's work.」



The one who came to the room looking like he was really sorry while frequently bowing his head was a middle aged man without any conspicuous trait.



His attire like his suits or hair style was well-ordered, and yet on the whole he was wrapped with lax atmosphere that naturally would make the other party felt like letting their guard down.



「Fukube-san yourself, it must be hard for you. Being outside the jurisdiction of labor standards act is the harshness of being a public servant.」



「No no, you are making too much of a big deal for the like of me. On the contrary, to think that a maid this beautiful will welcome my arrival, it really blow away my fatigue.」



The man who was smiling while glancing aside to Heliotrope who was showing the way was someone from "returnee response division" who was shouldering the role as contact person with the returnees (basically with Hajime), Fukube Koutarou.



In a glance his face looked like a good person, Hajime and Liliana saw through how deep inside his eyes was emitting a sharp glint. In contrast with his lax atmosphere, he was a person who couldn't be underestimated.



That could be seen from how this man had already continued to shoulder the role of being a contact person with Hajime for more than a year. Being involved with Hajime and co would guarantee anyone to be afflicted with stomachache, for this man's predecessors, being able to stay in the job for three months could be considered as amazing.



By the way, "returnee response division" was a new department that was made from many organizations related with returnees building a cooperation system. The section was under the jurisdiction of the police's security division after a fashion, but various related departments in the government like the public security intelligence agency and ministry of foreign affairs and so on were sending their people to get closely involved and coordinated with each other while making it so they could response to situation comprehensively.



It was a section that was made after in the past the government got involved in this and that in the "returnee uproar", various departments made their move and as the result, all of them received retaliation that was too severe.



「And, I think that what you want to talk is about the group just now……」



「Yes, yes. It's about that matter. My deepest apology. Our side planned to deal with it before they start trouble, but they moved faster than we imagined. No, this is only an excuse. And, about the detail of the situation――」



When he was going to explain, Hajime raised his hand and stopped him, so Fukube closed his mouth. Cold sweat instantly oozed out from his face. 「Good lord-, is the demon king misunderstand that it's the government trying something again!?」 Such thinking came out on his face.



「I'm not that hasty, so don't get that pale.」



「Ha, haha. So it came out on my face? I'm still too green.」



Fukube wiped the sweat on his forehead with handkerchief. Then he threw stomach medicine of pill type into his mouth with a practiced motion.



Hajime smiled wryly at that motion of Fukube that he often witnessed and he turned his gaze toward Heliotrope.



「It seems there is circumstance regarding that group. Show them the way to the subordinates of Fukube-san who are waiting downstair. I and Liliana will her about the circumstance here.」



「Understood. How about Sumire-sama's work?」



「About that. Originally being Kaa-san's assistant is more important than accompanying some idiot but……」



Sumire shook her head left and right *bun bun* repeatedly. A foreign force assaulted with Liliana as their target, on top of that an official from public safety came visiting in order to explain the situation. As expected she didn't have the nerve to have her way saying 「The deadline is more important!」.



「And so, this concern Liliana, and it seems that Fukube-san has better grasp of the whole picture of the present situation. We will listen about the circumstance directly. During that time, I'll leave the work here to you.」



「Your will. Should I add more personnel, just in case?」



「I'll leave it to you.」



The talk was progressing unhinderedly. Liliana was murmuring 「Yes yes, my opinion won't be heard anyway. Far from that even my question is ignored. Ahaha~」 with a faraway look.



「That's how it is, Sumire-sama.」



「Ye, yes! What is it, maid-san!?」



When Sumire was addressed with a respectful attitude, she replied with heightened tension. Looking at her blushing face and her nasal breathing that was somewhat rough, it was clear that her inspiration was greatly stimulated. Perhaps her next work would have a combat maid as the main character.



「While presumptuous, will you allow me to lend you a hand?」



「But of course! Is what I want to say but……will you be all right?」



There was no way a maid from another world would have experience in assistant work for a manga artist.



Although Sumire loved maid, she was a pro manga artist. Having problem came to surface because an amateur got involved in the drawing was out of the question. She had to properly confirm it.



But, Heliotrope was completely unperturbed. She smiled beautifully and,



「Please leave it to me. My lord had made me learn everything in the case of something like this occurring. Please consider me as a battle-ready force.」



「Geez Hajime, just what is he making a maid of another world learned. I'm happy though!」



「Also, I have finished reading all of Sumire-sama's works. Your works are greatly popular even among us the Fleur Knights, all of us are holding deep respect toward Sumire-sama. Therefore, being allowed to help is an honor that is equal of receiving command from my lord.」



Heliotrope-san clenched her fist strongly and strongly insisted. Actually not just Fleur Knights, even the maids in the palace of Tortus and the young daughters of nobles were also swallowed in unprecedented shoujo manga boom.



The selling agency was South CloudNagumo company. The majority of direct sales was undertook by a cooperating company, Yunker Company.



Surely Sumire felt the truth and seriousness from Heliotrope's sparkling eyes. Sumire's cheeks blushed with an embarassed look that was unusual for her. Even in Japan she was treated as the great Sumire-sensei, but she looked happier with this rather than getting called that by the people in the industry.



「……Even though she has never helping me out. Hellina you idiot」



The former princess muttered something. Surely she was feeling that the attendant who had been staying at her side since her childhood was taken away. She was completely sulking.



It was unclear whether that voice was heard or not, but Heliotrope beautifully ignored it and made a finger snap.



「Salvia.」



「Yes, captain.」



The assistants and also Fukube-san twitched. When they noticed the number of maids was already increasing from behind Heliotrope!



It was a lovely maid with dark brown hair worn in braid that was tied with scrunchie. Her body was wrapped with similar Victorian maid outfit like Heliotrope. She was smiling warmly.



Seeing the girl, the sulking Liliana snapped open her eyes in a flash.



「I won't ask anymore how did she appear just now! But, please let me say at least this! You are Samiya-san aren't you!? The grandchild of Yunker company's president Motto! What are you doing in this kind of place!?」



「I am a maid, Liliana-sama.」



'Well of course. That's a maid uniform she is wearing.' Sumire and others were of the same opinion inside their heart.



'I'm not asking that!' Liliana was at her wits' end. Hajime explained to her straightforwardly.



「Fleur Knight rank five. She is a commanding officer class who is responsible for managing goods and information. Of course her combat ability is also without fault.」



「Why is a merchant's daughter like thaatt!?」



「Everything is thanks to the lord discovering me.」



Actually, Motto Yunker of Yunker Company who had deep relation with Hajime one way or another sent this talented person to him because he wanted to secure a connection that was as substantial as possible. To speak without hiding the ulterior motive, 「If possible I wish that you will accept her as wife, so that I can be related with your majesty the demon king as relative」, something like that.



Naturally, Hajime was also aware of Motto's merchant soul, he had also guessed his expectation, so he ignored Salvia――real name Samiya Yunker (17 years old) approach to him but……



When Hajime was working out the plan of the Fleur Knights' conception, the girl's name was written in the candidate list of Heliotrope, he tried giving her various trial as test and it turned out she was quite an outstanding talent.



By the way, Samiya herself didn't have the perception that she was made as tool for political marriage. She too was someone who inherited the merchant soul. She sniffed out the scent of money from the demon king's surrounding and the other world (earth) and volunteered herself.



But, while she was selected as a member of Fleur Knights and received trials, she went through many twists and turns and reached a point where it was her purpose in life to swear loyalty to the demon king.



The structure of Fleur Knights was that those in rank one until ten were commanding officer with their own subordinates, but when looking at how she reached rank five when those positions were mainly grasped by people with combat job as their original occupation, it could be seen how astounding her talent was and far her loyalty went that she would make great effort with that as her driving force.



「Well then Sumire-sama. Please allow me and Salvia to be of assistance.」



「I get it. Well, if Hajime trained you two then I don't think I'll have to worry about your skill, best regards okay.」



Heliotrope and Salvia deeply bowed their head and said 「Please leave it to us」, after that they also deeply bowed their head to the assistants while saying 「Honorable seniors, if there is any mistake in what we are doing, please point it out without mercy」.



All the assistants together said 「Please take care of us toooo!」 while bowing back with a perfect gesture for some reason.



「Fukube-sama.」



「Oo!? M, me? What is it?」



Surely he never thought that he would get addressed. Fukube's middle age uncle face blushed red.



「I sent a subordinate of mine named Primula to Fukube-san's subordinates who are waiting outside. She will show the way to the place where the captured people are at. By the lord's command, we will extract information from them using our method but, please cooperate with us as much as possible.」



「Ro, roger. I will contact my subordinates now.」



When and how did Heliotrope-san contacted her subordinate? Well, she was a maid of the demon king, no~thing would be strange no matter what she did~. Fukube thought that inside his heart while taking out his mobile phone and began contacting his subordinates who came together with him.



There, Liliana asked somewhat carelessly.



「……By the way, that person named Primula-san……is she a person who I know as expected?」



Hajime answered after thinking a bit.



「You know her. Her real name is Philim Zaara――」



「Hahah, so this time it's the little sister of active captain of the sanctuary knight is iit~」



Liliana-sama looked somewhat broken. Her friends and acquaintances were transformed into members of a superhuman maid group while she didn't know.



Her state resembled Shia in the past somehow. Yes, the Shia at the time when she saw her gentle and kind family was completely turned into a 'hyahhaa' group.



By the way, the present sanctuary knight captain was David Zaara, the former captain of Ai-chan escort squad.



The legendary decisive battle was publicly seen as the deed of an evil god who misrepresented himself using the name of Ehito, so the people's faith toward the church was unchanged. And so, the church was also planned to be rebuilt at the same time with the reconstruction of the capital.



David and co, the members of former Ai-chan escort squad consolidated the knight order of that reborn church. Although, ninety percent of their faith was offered to "our goddess".



The captain of such reborn sanctuary knight order actually had a little sister. She was a former nun, a magic expert who possessed the vocation of "prayer master" who could display high ability toward magic in general by praying.



But, her relation with her eldest brother was bad, and she was sent to remote region because she was holding doubt to the way of faith of the church headquarter.



She also participated in the choir at the legendary decisive battle. There she also fought side by side with David so the ill feeling between them vanished and as a church official she gave a lot of help to Liliana who was striving hard in government affairs to restore the kingdom at that time.



Though it seemed she had changed job into combat maid without Liliana noticing. By the way her rank was sixth.



「Aa~, can I interrupt? It seems that my subordinates has joined up with Primula-san and they are heading to where the group is apprehended. Ahaha, my subordinates who are usually composed are agitated there. A blond haired beautiful maid suddenly knocked on their car window, so they thought if they had actually gone crazy.」



「Well, anyone would doubt their own eye or head if they see a blonde haired maid in midnight.」



Fukube's wry smile was also responded by Hajime with a wry smile.



「Then Fukube-san. Can you tell us the detail at the other room?」



「Yes, allow me to do that. It has become a bit of troublesome matter isn't it? If I have to say my true feeling, there is some aspect where I want to borrow Nagumo-san's strength. Of course, this is just my personal wish though.」



The government's stance was they absolutely didn't want the demon king faction to do anything, but it seemed that Fukube himself was thinking 「If that's the case then it's us the people at the scene who will have to take care of this difficult problem! Spare us already! Just how many hole in the stomach we need to have until you all are satisfied huh!」.



Led by Fukube who was casually throwing a stomach medicine pill into his mouth once more, Hajime and Liliana who was still having a distant gaze entered into another room.



–



–



–



To sum up the talk that they heard in the other room, it seemed that other than the group that was attacking just now, there were also intelligence operatives or force from multiple countries sent in to Japan.



Their objective went without saying. The information gathering or removal of Liliana, the leader of huge organization that was in the rise all over the world.



If it was just a leader of a mere company than the story would be different, but when it came to a global organization with an ideal that was like a new religion as its root, then it was understandable for many countries to be apprehensive.



Although, it was too sudden. It was understandable for the countries to want to take some kind of measure before the network was established as organization, be that as it may the movement of those countries were still too abrupt.



Regarding that point, according to the explanation that Fukube was giving them while oozing cold sweat, it seemed that a higher up of a part of the government messed up.



Liliana was related with the demon king, she was a contact person who could talk directly with that demon king, although it was only after a fashion, but a friendship could be built from there, that was why a scheme to gradually make Liliana's organization to belong to Japan was carried out.



The result, that movement was grasped by many countries, and they began to move all at once just in case because it would be troubling if the organization really got attached to Japan.



「Realllyy~~~~, it's inexcusable!」



Fukube-san prostrated himself. Recently, he was lamenting that the top of his head was getting desolate but……so this was the reason.



Hajime strangely felt pity and respect toward such Fukube and shook his head while smiling wryly.



「There is the saying 'danger past and God forgotten'. It's about time that the pain from the time of returnee uproar get forgotten and some bunches who think "just a bit", "only this much……" came out. I've predicted this will happen. As long as Fukube-san and others take care of it within your own organization, then our side too doesn't intend to make a move so, well, please take care of it okay.」



「Haa, it saves us that you say so. We are already working to deal with it, so please kindly go easy on us.」



Fukube showed a flagrant look of relieve and he threw a stomach medicine into his mouth with terribly natural motion. His hand's motion was flowing just like the commercial of Fris○ candies, the pills were thrown directly from its case into the mouth.



This too was a factor that caused Hajime to strongly feel pity to Fukube. Just how used he was in swallowing stomach medicine? And then, how many he was planning to drink in a day?



In exchange of Hajime who was looking at Fukube with a really complicated eyes, Liliana was making a caring expression while asking.



「So, Fukube-san. Has you all predict how will the situation develop after this? Personally, I expect that it will become a really troublesome situation though……」



「That prediction is right to the point. From what we have confirmed so far, there are already personnel from three countries who have already entered this country. There are also four countries that are definitely moving. Ideally all the country will work to gather full and accurate information, so we wish that for the time being it will be only a battle of observation but……」



「I'm not going to allow it huh.」



「Yes, Nagumo-san won't allow that. However, that means that there will be no information at all about the leader of a growing global organization. An "unknown" is something that is feared the most. Therefore, all of them will be pressed with the choices, whether to resign themselves and accept that fear, or they will take measures. I believe Hajime-san understand but……」



「They surely won't pick the former choice, unless the fact that they will meet bitter experience that won't be worth it from picking the latter choice is carved to the depth of their body. It's impossible for a country to make that choice.」



「That's how it is. Ideally, when an act of removing or kidnapping Liliana-san is going on, other country will intervene and they will remove each other but, well, something like ideal is just a word in book after all.」



Something like a choice of accepting a life of being monitored didn't exist for Hajime's side. And then, even if their side handed over some degree of information about themselves, next time those organizations would think 「Is this offered information really true?」, and as expected they would come to observe once more.



And so, in all probability, it would be as Fukube said, at the time the force of each country understood that "observation was completely neutralized", they would surely take a strong measure.



What was truly terrifying wasn't the countries that would make such decision, but the network that was growing in influence and power even now to the degree that the countries couldn't just ignore it and were forced to make such decision――in short it was Liliana's existence.



For some reason or another, Hajime and Fukube's gaze moved toward Liliana. There Liliana was having a distant look for a different reason from before.



On her face was written 「Even though I only wanted to help troubled people. Even though it's basically, only relying upon others to make it happen……how did it become like this?」 loud and clear.



Hajime and Fukube's gaze turned lukewarm at the same time, and they simultaneously averted their gaze and decided that they didn't see that.



「However, this situation. If that is the case, within a few days these bunches will gather in large numbers around us huh.」



「……Originally we want to deal with everything before it turn like that but……I'm sorry. The demon king section's――cough-, my apologies. Even for the returnee response division, honestly, we are in a situation where we don't have enough time and personnel.」



「Oi, just now, did you say demon king division? Could it be, that's the nickname at your side?」



「Diplomatic response is also starting already, but it will be better to not expect anything from it. From our view, we wish to avoid gunshot in the middle of city, we also wish to evacuate Liliana-san to a place with few people by all means in preparation of unforeseen situation, that is our suggestion, or rather our true feeling.」



Fukube beautifully ignored Hajime's question and gave suggestion with an apologetic look.



Hajime was making an awfully displeased look, but it wasn't because of Fukube's suggestion, rather it was surely because of the response division's nickname that Fukube leaked out.



National Police Agency Security Department Demon King Division……. Certainly, such police institution was disagreeable.



「I don't mind that. If I remember correctly, I shouldn't have any schedule that cannot be rearranged. After all I'm worried when a skirmish occur in a place that is outside our perception.」



「I guess. It's also troublesome if they are loitering around sporadically. Gathering them in one place and taking care of them in one go will also give better impression to those countries.」



「Then, allow me to continue the talk in that direction. About the place, we prepared several hideout for the sake of witness protection, so perhaps it will be better to use those.」



「As expected from Fukube-san. You work fast.」



Hearing Hajime's praise, for the first time this day Fukube showed a relieved smile that wasn't a forced smile or wry smile or convulsing smile.



After that, when they finished hammering out the details, the subordinates of Fukube who came together with Primula shared the information of the background, objective, the plan forward, and so on of the attackers who came.



It seemed that the information had been thoroughly extracted, they didn't ask as far as the method used but, when looking at the gaze of terror that Fukube subordinates directed toward Primula……it must be something that shouldn't be asked.



Primula, although formerly, she was a gentle and kind sister though……



「Hajime-san……you are endeavoring to act prudently in earth, but in exchange aren't you cutting too loose in Tortus?」



「……」



Liliana was looking alternately at Hajime and Primula with sad eyes. For some reason Hajime was at loss for words and averted his gaze in respond.



By the way, Heliotrope and Salvia were finishing their assistant work perfectly.



They didn't borrow the work tools, instead they had prepared them beforehand, furthermore they took them out from inside their sleeve *shakin!*, or taking them out from their breast or inside their skirt, so Sumire and co were able to have fun working while getting heated up from start to end.



Not forgetting to improve the work place's atmosphere too, they were really perfect maids.



–



–



–



The next day.



There were the figures of Nagumo family in a splendid lodging deep inside the mountain of a certain prefecture.



It was a mountain forest with abundant nature at the surrounding, a refreshing river was streaming right nearby.



It was a hideout for protection target that Fukube prepared. It was separated enough from human habitation, and even if some commotion occurred there would be no one who noticed.



The autumn colors of the mountain were still remaining. It could also function as refuge in the meaning of as holiday place or health resort.



This might be a consideration from Fukube in his own way toward Nagumo family who had to deal with a dangerous situation in this season when autumn was over.



Furthermore, not just Sumire and Shuu, currently even Remia and Tio were also busy people, but everyone emptied their schedule even if they had to force it and came here. Their family was being targeted. So this was only natural.



Hajime got out of the lodging and looked around the surrounding. Even the beautiful forest landscape that still had red leaves remaining would undoubtedly make a complete change in expression when night came. Thinking about when the people targeting Liliana would come, the forest at night would be a suitable cover for them. The darkness would become terribly frightening for the side who would get attacked.



But, Hajime made a fearless grin while staring at such forest.



And then――he declared.



「Now then――let's barbeque~~~!」



「「「「「「「「「「OO~~~~~~-!」」」」」」」」」」



Nagumo family responded in high tension. They all showed wide smile on their face, with a lot of ingredients on their hands!



「Papa! Quiiick! Quiiick! Myuu's stomach is crying nano!」



「My my, Myuu. To be so happy……」



「Right, it was a bit forced but, it's good that we hath emptied our schedule for this last family trip of the autumn.」



「……Nn. This year everyone is busy, we wasn't really able to go in family trip.」



「Yue wasn't really busy though.」



「……Kaori. It will become a scuffle again if you say that. Aa, look, Yue is taking fighting pose already! Oi you! Kaori too don't take a stance with that green onion!」



Even with Shizuku's intermediation, Yue and Kaori were starting a quarrel using vegetables as weapon. Myuu was lifting a lump of A5 rank meat above her head while making merry 「Meaat, meat!」 in high spirit. Remia and Tio were watching her with similar smile.



Shia was smiling wryly at such scene while devoting herself to prepare the other ingredients promptly, beside her Liliana was helping her.



「Ahaha……well, the incident this time became a good chance. Especially because Lily-san is extraordinarily busy, she cannot really spend time with us. We owe the attackers one! Ah, come to think of it Myuu-chan. Do you want to go looking for fish in the river later? Let's fire at the fish using finger bullet♪」



「Shia-san, please fish normally! Don't make the river getting dyed crimson!」



The wive~s were clamoring 'kyaa kyaa' with high tension.



……It seemed they didn't empty their schedule because they were worried about Liliana, but they purely wanted to go to a family trip, that was all.



「……Ee~rr, then I will stand by in the operation headquarter so……」



Fukube actually accompanied them as guide, but seeing the people of Nagumo family enjoying the holiday normally without looking burdened or feeling in danger at all, he emitted a sorrowful air thinking 「Well, it's the usual thing」 while going back. Tonight too……it would be cup ramen for him. 'Let's have Ra○', he muttered inside his heart while glancing longingly at the lump of A5 rank meat. (TN: Raoh cup ramen, seems to be popular in Japan)



「Oh, Fukube-san. You are going back already? If you like please eat together with us.」



「That's right. If you don't eat properly and get some nutrition, the top of your head will rapidly get desolate you know?」



Warm (?) words from Shuu and Sumire!



Fukube turned around in a flash, his gaze turned toward Hajime. His eyes were just like a puppy that was seeking permission from its owner after getting told 「Wait!」 if front of its meal!



Inside his heart Hajime thought 「This person, at his root he is someone that you really cannot let your guard down against him but, why is he sometimes giving impression like a comedian or dog like this huh」 with a wry smile.



「You see, Nagumo-san. That's because I'm a dog of the nation.」



「……Really, even though you are someone that one must not let the guard down against」



The wry smile of Hajime whose mind was normally seen through was deepening while nodding to convey 「Okay!」.



Fukube happily rushed toward the barbeque saying 「I'll take care of the charcoal management~」. Next he said 「Ah, I also want to bring back some for my subordinates so can I pack up some?」 trying to secure a lot of meat casually.



At the corner of his sight, Hajime caught sight of Fukube eating Myuu's throwing technique when his hand reached toward the meat 「What are you going to do with Myuu's meat nano――!」 and he got thrown away. He gave a sidelong glance at that while enjoying the autumn mountain's scenery to his heart content.



–



AN: Thank you very much for reading this every time.



Thank you very much too for the thoughts, opinions, and reports about misspelling and omitted words.



It didn't end…the story got long when my interest is at full throttle. Ah, it's always like this……



Tomorrow I'll have to take care of the brats, so perhaps it will be impossible but, I'll update if possible.



At the very least I'll update at New Year's Day! Around midnight perhaps……



Also to everyone who comment「I bought it~」「It's interesting~」 regarding「Arifureta Zero」,



Really~~ thank you very much.



I completely wrote it on commision so, I was in suspense that perhaps it would make everyone disappointed……



I was really happy, I felt a bit relieved.



The same with the Drama CD too. Really thank you very much!



Also, has everyone read the 「afterword of afterword」 too?



In Overlap-sama's homepage, if you click at the referral part of Arifureta 7 and Arifureta Zero,



You will be sent to the exclusive page of each volume, there is「Reader Questionnare」 there.



If you fill the queastionnaire, you will be able to read a bit of short story.



The seventh volume is a short story regarding「Myuu at that time」, while Zero is regarding「That girl of the restaurant at that time」.



If you like please read!



–



About the greeting for this year, I will say it once more in tomorrow's activity report but,



Let me say brief words as afterword.



Everyone, the people of Narou, thank you very much for having fun together with me this whole year!



Best regards for next year too!



–



PS



The comic version and Nichijou version were updated in Gardo!



Hauria lol Or rather, Karm turn into something amazing.



Myuu appeared in Nichijou! Myuu's「desuu」 hit's the bull's eye in Shirakome lol



RoGa-sensei and Mori-sensei too, my greatest gratitude to you.



Everyone too, please go take a look at Gardo at the end of this year by all means.





Chapter 297




–



AN: The Ame Talk yesterday, a stable fun lol



Today too naturally looking after the brats is the priority but,



Please read for a relaxed new year~



※I also updated in 30 December, so those who still haven't read it please go read that first.



–



Everyone of Nagumo family was relaxing as they liked in the big lodging that was a hideout for protection target owned by the public safety.



It was the night where autumn had also ended, furthermore when it was deep inside a mountain, the air would be getting colder in its own way, but fortunately there was an antique fireplace, firewood was blazing up there even now, warming the air without pause.



Naturally the members of Nagumo family were also gathering near the fireplace.



「Knight to A5. Charge at healing master on D5!」



「Aah, my healing master is skewered! Furthermore it's tossed away like trash until outside the board! Cruel!」



On both sides of a largish game board, Yue and Kaori were glaring at the board surface. The two were amusing themselves with another world version chess.



The basic of the rule was similar with the chess of earth, but most of the parts were in a way that was characteristic of another world.



For example, the variety of piece was abundant, the player could set the kind of piece and their positioning in each game, there was growth system for the pieces themselves, for example even if a piece was in a position that could take the opponent's piece they could have the table turned on them, the game board could have its field set up with game things, there were advantageous and disadvantageous fields for each job……



Anyway, it was reproducing a real war with quite high degree of realistically.



And then, the greatest feature of this game was,



『Why-, why did you kill heeer! She is your little sister!』



『Hmph. I have long age severed something useless like family tie. My loyalty to my king is absolute! No matter who is my opponent, if they stand in my way I will pulverize them!』



『This stupid idiot! That girl-, if this war is over, she said that she is going to live together again with her big brother someday. She was smiling when she said that-』



Like that, it had a feature where fellow pieces would act a drama every time.



Just now, the little sister who defected because she was unable to endure the despotic rule of the king at Yue's side was reunited with her big brother, a knight serving that king in the battlefield. The big brother murdered the little sister, then he argued with a knight in Kaori's side who was in love with that little sister-chan.



It appeared it was the big brother who made the little sister defected, then he promised that he would follow her for sure, and yet he changed his mind……that seemed to be the setting.



「How awful-, as expected from Yue, how awful!」



「……Kaori. It's not a setting that I thought of. The game's drama is completely randomized.」



「Right now I'm doubting that setting. Because, Yue, you also aimed at the healing master right from the start before this too! Surely you are using soul magic or something to read the player's heart! Yue's desire is reflected into the story!」



「……It's just a coincidence. Healing master should die, no mercy, is not what I'm thinking.」



「Lies! That's a~bsolutely a lie! I know the truth! Each time Yue play this game, first of all you will always check the healing master's position! I know it from your gaze's movement!」



「……Kaori. You are just tired.」



「Shut up!」



While they were making racket 'gyaasu gyaasu' like that, actually the frequency of these two intimately playing game together was the highest. Hajime and co felt warm seeing the sight that exactly the same like usual.



Shia was sitting on a rocking chair in front of the fireplace. She was rocking *sw~ay sw~ay* back and forth while her rabbit ears were also doing *sw~ay sw~ay* at the same time. She asked Hajime without moving her gaze from the knitted material in her hands.



「Hajime-san, what is actually going on with that game? Is the game reading the player's emotion to set up the story?」



「No, there is no such setting, should be. All of the inserted stories are love and hate drama, family quarrel, and so on, things like the soap opera story. The players are only projecting themselves into it arbitrarily.」



Hajime who was putting Myuu on his lap while playing a laptop together answered like that a bit lacking in self-confidence.



By the way, right now he was doing together with Myuu was a simulation game of building a country. He was beta testing the new game that Shuu's company was making.



It was possible to build a country with quite high degree of freedom, but Myuu said 「Military power is everything for country's strength」 and she only concentrated in augmenting military affair like defensive wall or weapon development.



Even when Hajime tried to casually insert a heartwarming setting like "Ani○al Crossing", Myuu would say 「My, as expected of papa nano, placing the beastmen in frontline by makin them pretend to cultivate a new land」. Her thought was leaning to military affair as expected.



Just where is this child going, what kind of direction her growth is heading to……



Hajime papa was a bit worried.



Shuu who had personal opinion about the game sharply noticed Hajime's unusual lack of confidence and tilted his head.



「What's the matter Hajime? You said "should be", isn't this a game you made?」



「No, you're wrong Tou-san. This another world version chess isn't something I created. Oscar Orcus……that founder of Orcus great labyrinth was the creator. When I was at the abyss's hideout, I found it from Oscar's Treasure Warehouse. I often played it with Yue to kill time.」



Hearing those words, 「What the, this is the first time I see an artifact who is made by anyone other than Hajime」, not just Shuu, the others were also showing surprised expression.



「However, that Oscar too, why didst he maketh this kind of bizarre game setting. No, the greatness of his skill art conveyed but……」



「You're right. When we went to Tortus travel before this, in the past image at Orcus's hideout that you showed to us……I got the impression that he was more like a serious young man though.」



When Tio tilted her head in puzzlement 「Hmm?」, Shizuku also said 「Certainly」 while tilting her head because of the difference from her impression.



「……Well, I can imagine it. It must be Miledy butting in anyway, making him to add the drama setting. This annoyingness of unrolling soap opera story each time the pieces clashed that must be painstakingly created……I cannot think of anyone than her who would do this.」



Hearing Hajime's words, everyone went 「Even though she was the world's protector huh~」 with distant look while also accepting it.



「Everyone, how about a second helping of warm café au lait?」



Remia returned from the kitchen with both her hands holding a tray. Several mugs were placed on the tray with hot steam rising up from them. At the same time, slightly sweet scent tickled the nose.



「Remia-chan, nice! Sumire-okaachan love Remia-chan who is attentive like that you know~. Also, if there is some cookie too then I'll be even more happy~」



Sumire who was lying down while writing something on the tablet she was holding was demanding for second by holding up an empty mug in one hand and waving it around.



This mother of Nagumo family, after the barbeque was over and she finished taking bath, she hadn't risen up even once since she started relaxing in front of the fireplace. She was rolling around all this time. It seemed she had zero motivation already for today to get up and did something.



A mother-in-law who was completely behaving like a spoilt child to her son's wife……



It was a laziness that normally would become an impetus for daughter-in-law and mother-in-law conflict, but Remia smiled 「My my, ufufu」 like usual toward such Sumire. No, rather her smile was even warmer than usual. She said 「Of course I have prepared it~」 and then put down a mug and also cookies in a spot that was easy for Sumire to reach.



「Remia, don't spoil Kaa-san too much. Once she get carried away she will act spoilt until just a step away of getting scolded.」



「My my. Isn't that fine? We are in a middle of this trip that is hard to come by after all.」



Remia was smiling like a holy mother. Sumire rolled while saying 「I'm acting spoilt to Remia-chan because my son won't spoil me~」 in respond.



By the way, Sumire was strangely skilled at determining where the line was. The demon king son let out a small sigh toward his mother whose laziness increased by thirty percent from the usual in this trip.



He accepted the café au lait from Remia, and in a good timing everyone put the mug together onto their mouth. Their throat gulped a bit of the content as though to taste it.



Everyone leaked out relaxed voice 「Hafuu」.



Then, as though to pour cold water to such laid back atmosphere, the ringtone of Hajime's smartphone sounded. When Hajime took it while making a conflicted expression, there were the words "Fukube" in the display screen. He sighed even further while answering the call.



『Nagumo-san, the organizations has come you know?』



「They are quick. I thought it will take two or three days.」



『Unfortunately it seems they are full of competitive spirit. Though you all are at least able to enjoy a relaxing holiday in the first day.』



「Fukube-san too. You brought back quite a lot of meat behind Myuu's back right? Didn't you immerse yourself in the aftertaste of laidback dinner together with your subordinates?」



『Yes, I received a blissful time that I seldom experienced with the low salary of civil servant. My subordinates too are extremely thankful――』



「By the way, Myuu said 『Fukube, unforgivable. The grudge for meat cannot be forgotten nano』 you know?」



『I beg you to please mediate for us! It was a sudden impulse! I couldn't possibly win against A5 rank meat!』



「Well, putting that aside――how many?」



Hajime smiled wryly at Fukube's reaction, and then he asked with his atmosphere slightly changed. Fukube also changed his tone and answered.



『Just from what we can confirmed here, fifty two people has entered the mountain. From their equipment and positioning, there are four teams. All those teams must have different affiliations.』



「……A lot of people came huh. Any sign of them crushing each other?」



『None so far. Looks like they aren't interfering with each other, first come first served. This is, their superiors has been talking about it before hand it seems. Although, it's not clear how they will be act after one of them secure the target though.』



「Is this all of them?」



『No. There are also around three countries that came. They crossed the prefectural border some time ago. They are like fifteen minutes late.』



「So the total is less than a hundred people huh.」



『What will you do? We here are also prepared. If necessary we will send our force. It will be harsh to take all of them but, hunting one or two enemy teams is possible.』



Hajime showed a thinking gesture for a bit toward Fukube's proposal.



The attackers must also understand that they were being lured seeing how Hajime and co came to this place in this kind of timing. In the first place, the hideout of the public safety being known was also because Fukube and others were leaking out the information.



Even so, for them to come simultaneously in a short time like this, they must be resolved. They should be moving with calculation that surpassed monitoring and the like already. The came with their elite force and fully equipped.



The special force of returnee response division was strong enough. They were elites among elites. After all, around the latter half of the returnee uproar they intercepted the subordinates of many countries with fierce efforts in order to not let the demon king personally took measures.



That was how much Japan also weightily considered the matter regarding the returnee uproar, and thus this division was formed……



Although, the scope of their duty was extensive, the personnel of returnee response division was scattered throughout the country, and even the whole world.



Just like what Fukube said previously, it was a fact that they were short of hand to be able to immediately deal with the sudden movement this time.



Although it was only after a fashion, but the personnel of response team was ally, and they had also came to know each other. Hajime didn't feel the necessity to send them into a disadvantageous battle and caused pointless sacrifice.



Although,



「We are completely in relaxing mode here.」



『Yes? What did you say, Nagumo-san?』



Hearing Hajime's small murmur, Fukube asked with a dubious tone.



Hajime didn't answer that. When he looked around inside the room once more, everyone were being laidback while drinking Remia's special café au lait with relish. Hajime was also the same.



Then, there.



「While presumptuous」



A refreshing voice resounded inside the room.



The woman voice who didn't belong to anyone among the Nagumo family, and then the presence that appeared suddenly caused Myuu to raise her voice 「Pya!?」 and leaped up. Sumire, Shuu, Remia, and then also Liliana twitched.



When they turned their gaze toward the voice, unnoticed there was a maid-san behind the sofa where Hajime was sitting!



Liliana spontaneously yelled.



「Helli――!」



「It's Heliotrope.」



「otrope!」



The members of Nagumo family who was acquainted with Hellina who was the princess's attendant greeted with 「Hellina-san?」「Long time no see」 and the like. Of course, without delay the maid corrected 「It's Heliotrope」.



After everyone looked like they understood 「Ah, yes」, Heliotrope smiled sweetly, then she opened her mouth with her gaze directed at Hajime.



「I believe that there is no need to use everyone's important family time for the sake of the like of those companies. Lord, please leave this to us.」



「I guess. The conception of Fleur Knights is also mostly completed. The matters at Tortus are mostly taken care of, and with Liliana's situation like this you all were called to here……ok, the original duty of you all, Lily's protection and the enemy's elimination――I'll leave it all to you. Do it.」



「Yes, my lord.」



Heliotrope bowed her head reverently and then like that her figure vanished quietly.



Hajime told Fukube at the other side of the call 「That's how it is. You guys can get back to immersing yourself into the meat's aftertaste now」. Fukube answered 「Roge~r」 happily and cut the call.



Hajime pocketed back his smartphone and brought the café au lait onto his mouth as though to say that the troublesome matter had been dealt with,



「……What?」



His movement stopped seeing the really complicated gaze of his wive~s.



They knew that Hajime was training a force that should even be called as imperial guards for the sake of Liliana. And also how the force was a maid corps.



Although, as a matter of fact today was the first time they genuinely witnessed a direct conversation between Hajime and the maid.



Just as Hajime said, the Fleur Knights' activity was fundamentally at Tortus until now because there were duties here and there that were being carried on.



「I've thought of this even when meeting with Hellina-san in Tortus but……Hajime-kun, she felt completely different then when talking with us wasn't it?」



「You really felt like her goshujin-sama wasn't it, Hajime-san?」



「How enviable……」



「Hey, Hajime. It's a maid force for Lily's sake right? No matter how I look at it, it completely looks like she is serving Hajime though? What is the meaning of this I wonder?」



「Papa, will you be happy if Myuu is a maid nano? Is it better to call papa as goshujin-sama rather than papa nano?」



「My my, Hajime-san. Did you want maid-san for yourself so much like that?」



「That's right isn't it!? Everyone also think so right!? To begin with that Hellina, she is obviously delighted! She is really happy getting commanded by Hajime, it's really incomparable with when I was the one who commanded her!」



Starting from Kaori who was giving him a fixed stare, Shia, Tio, Shizuku, Myuu, Remia, and Liliana were speaking vehemently. They were speaking as though Hajime was undoubtedly arranging a maid force for his own sake because of his hobby. No, he was obviously being under suspicion!



「There is no way that's true. If I have preference for maid than rather than making Heliotrope and others wearing maid clothes, I'll ask you all to wear――」



「……Oscar Orcus was a severe maid lover.」



Hajime who was making excuse with exasperated look was interrupted by Yue who spoke something that seemed unrelated. When everyone turned their gaze at her, Yue slowly stood up and spoke.



「……Before getting out of the abyss. When we were living in the hideout, there were times when Hajime vanished at midnight. What's more, he even purposefully built an artifact to leave his presence inside the bed.」



「-, Yu, Yue. You see, that time――」



「……『Close your mouth Hajime』――and then one night, I who got concerned secretly tailed Hajime. Hajime was inside Oscar Orcus's secret room. And then, I witnessed it.」



A surprise "Divine Statement". Even Hajime would need a bit of time to resist it.



And then, everyone glanced at Hajime who strangely flustered while focusing on Yue. Like a detective cornering the culprit, Yue,



「……The figure of Hajime, getting engrossed with the maid golem that Oscar left behind! Hajime is the same like Oscar――a maid lover!」



Yue's finger pointed sternly, exposing the only truth!



By the way, the maid golem-san at that time was turned into pieces by Yue-sama.



Hajime who resisted the "Divine Statement" argued.



「A misunderstanding! I was just interested because it was a "maid golem"! "Maid robot" is a man's romance! I only got my blood as an engineer boiling up! Oscar you see, he pursued real maid too much that he instead got troubled with the dilemma of getting distanced from the real, that was why he entrusted it to transmutation master of future generation. I tried to inherit his will and――」



「……Guilty? Or, not guilty?」 (TN: Yue spoke in English here.)



Judge Yue once more interrupted the words of Hajime who was stacking up self-justification and asked for the verdict. The jury group of the wive~s & beloved daughter all smiled,



「「「「「「「GUILTY!!!」」」」」」」



The wive~s & beloved daughter stood up quietly. The demon king-sama was drenched with cold sweat.



「Just accept your judgment obediently~」



「You cannot go against blood huh. Tou-san too, in the past I often forced Kaa-san to wear maid uniform.」



Sumire's eyes didn't move from her tablet, while Shuu was getting a faraway look while immersing himself in memory. Or rather, it was an information about their son that they didn't want to hear.



「……Either way, I won't be able to relax huh……」



Seeing the approaching wive~s and his beloved daughter who corrected her seating to face him above his knees, Hajime's face was twitching.



–



–



–



Inside the forest that was wrapped in darkness where moonlight mostly didn't reach, there was a group that was abnormally silent even while advancing swiftly.



It was a special force of a certain country that publicly didn't exist.



The leader's legs were advancing fluently while he was grumbling inside his heart.



(……Good grief, we were made to draw a terrible short straw.)



The person who was their target was someone who even the leader knew well. A famous idol and a manga author whose work was translated throughout the world. Whether in television or internet, anyone would catch sight of her even if they weren't interested to that business.



Now they had to kidnap, or if that wasn't possible to murder such person……



(If she is just an idol with too much influence then I'll only get my conscience hurt though……now then, this isn't something that we who are the nation's expendable goods originally should desire but……let's accomplish this and return alive.)



The leader thought. Certainly the existence of the girl who was the origin of the network was a threat. He also could understand why his nation couldn't leave her alone.



But, however, still.



That girl was a relative of him――the one codenamed "demon king".



A few years ago, his fatherland that made a move on them went through a very bitter experience……



Like the leaders friends, they were now volunteer members who were working diligently digging well in a developing country, sometimes they would send him postcard of them posing with the local children while smiling refreshingly.



Even though they were people of the underworld who excelled in murder and subterfuge at the same level or even better than him……



Was his superiors in the fatherland already forgot about that terror?



The leader let out a small, really small sigh.



Although, as long as he was serving his nation, order was absolute. He pulled himself together.



Then, at that time *rustle*, there was the sound of leaves getting stepped from deep inside the forest. The leader lifted his fist. The force's members stopped moving. They lowered their stance and raised their guard.



The leader focused at the direction of the sound through his night vision device while pointing his rifle muzzle that was attached with suppressor. The other members also focused to all direction.



Perhaps it should be said just as expected. The way they killed their presence was befitting for elites. They were paying attention even to every single one of their equipments, so they assimilated themselves with the forest's darkness and vegetation and it wouldn't be an exaggeration to say that it would be next to impossible for ordinary person to spot them.



The leader's eyes scrutinized carefully. He intended to not overlook any movement no matter how slight and depending on the situation he would shoot mercilessly……



「Welcome.」



「――」



He had no words. This was exactly what being speechless meant.



Would the force of other country break the agreement and attacked, or perhaps it would be Japan's respond division's special force, or maybe the most terrifying demon king or one of his wives……



Even though the leader was anticipating that, the one who showed their figure brazenly without even hiding was,



「The demon king's subordinate, rank ten of Fleur Knights――I am called Freesia.」



A beautiful maid.



Pure white hair that was like snow springing up at night. Beautiful face that was so well featured like a joke. The eyes that were shining crimson were bewitching, to the degree that for a moment it felt like the heart was seized for a moment despite her expressionless face.



The force's members who were the elites among elites gulped their saliva in a daze.



But at that time, perhaps it was just as expected from the leader. He immediately made his judgment. "Demon king's subordinate"――it wasn't the time to falter anymore. There was no option of retreat, they could only do it.



「Fire-!」



The leader pulled his trigger while yelling at the same time. The troops who came back to their senses in surprise also immediately pulled their trigger.



While the firing sound that was unique to sound suppressor was leaking out, the maid who introduced herself as Freesia who was being showered by rain of bullets was――



「Kuh, it won't be simple as expected!」



A huge variable shield that was unknown where it was hidden at instantly unfolded, blocking the all-out fire without the slightest tremor.



The hard impact sound of metal clashing with each other echoed inside the forest.



「Grenade! Alpha 4, launcher!」



Seeing that there was no meaning in being secretive anymore, the leader decided to up the firepower. Two troopers threw grenade with deft motion.



Immediately, roaring sound and explosion blast, and then blown up cloud of dust enveloped the maid. Further there, a bullet from a rifle with grenade launcher attached impacted. Flame blast enveloped the girl.



The leader made hand signal to tell the troops to stop firing temporarily.



A beat later, when the dust cloud and flame cleared up――



There was a metallic globe there.



Similar like Hajime's variable large shield Aidion, it was a type that unfolded to all directions.



*Kashon kashon kashon* The shield was folded into the size of normal shield while making nice sound. With the Aidion in one hand, Freesia elegantly brushed off her apron.



Not a single scratch. Far from that, whether that pure white apron or her long straight hair that was split at the center also wasn't dirtied at all.



「-, spread out! 5 to 9, hold her in place!」



The leader left his subordinates to hold back the enemy while the main force would move to accomplish their objective. They couldn't defeat her, or even if they could, they would receive damage in the level that would become serious hindrance in accomplishing their duty. The decision to sacrifice some subordinates was made because of that judgment.



There was no way the troops would harbor dissatisfaction at that judgment of the leader. They were able to take action swiftly……was how it should be.



「? How long you guys plan to act dumfounded! Come back to your senses!」



The team's Alpha 5-9 didn't reply. The leader who wouldn't avert his gaze from the threat named Freesia raised a scolding voice that was filled with irritation toward his subordinates who didn't respond right away.



But, as expected no reply came back.



「This is Alpha 4. 5 till 9 are lost-」



「-, 12! Is he there!?」



「No-, I don't see him! 10 as well as 11 are also lost! Until just now they were right beside――」



The voice disappeared. A cold sweat trailed down the leader's forehead. He quickly gave instruction and 2 until 4 who were around him changed their formation slightly to cover each other's back.



「They got us. So you're a decoy.」



「A sharp discernment.」



The answer came from Freesia, not, it was a voice that sounded more childish. Furthermore, the voice came from the side.



The one who appeared as though melting out from the forest's darkness was a new maid.



「Nice to meet you. Fleur Knights rank 2――I am called Nemesia.」



「……A, a child? Or rather, ra, rabbit ears?」



The leader's gaze involuntarily flowed completely toward the new maid.



That was understandable. The girl still looked like she was in her early teens from a glance, and even with overestimation she would only be 15 at most. Her appearance was really cute, but it wasn't her age or appearance that should be focused at. But the thing above her head, the splendid, fluffy――rabbit ears!



A Hauria.



Her real name was Nea Hauria. A girl the same age with Par-kun, her nickname was "Neashutatrum of the External Murder", but right now she was Nemesia. (AN: This girl appeared in the LN version)



When Hauria clan heard that one of them would be recruited into a maid group to work directly under the demon king, a great fray among the whole clan (limited to female) that lasted for three months occurred. The result was unexpectedly this Nea repelled all the Onee-san and grasped the glory for herself.



She was rank two from the comprehensive evaluation and various reasons, but regarding secret information ability and assassination ability she was at the top. She put her name in the top 3 even in pure combat ability despite being a rabbit clan, and recently she even made inroad into the struggle for the top rank in femininity. She was young elite.



「Your comrades has been moved. Are you still going to struggle?」



The leader couldn't answer after Freesia opened her mouth once more.



Right beside him was the maid who most likely drove the force into a state of annihilation soundlessly while the force was attacking Freesia.



At the front, was a maid who couldn't be harmed at all by firearm.



At this rate, they would simply get annihilated……



The leader looked around his remaining subordinates just for a moment. His lips suddenly twisted and he lowered his rifle muzzle……



「My apologies. My words were lacking. ――You will be crushed even if you struggle.」



「Eh?」



Freesia thrust both her hands forward. Right after that, both her arms transformed. *Kashun kashun kashun* With that sound, the arms became gatling gun in the blink of eye. The very arms themselves. No matter how they looked she wasn't human.



The leader who saw that raised a dry laugh while,



「That's why, even though I told them this is bad」



Before the mission, toward his superior.



Right after that, the fury of the gatling gun covered them fully along with cloud of dust.



Also, the rank ten Freesia was a human shaped Grim reaper that was fully loaded with a lot of artifacts inside her body――pile bunker, small sunlight convergence laser, missile, super vibration death scythe (large caliber shotgun attached), flying all range ordnance, and so on. She was the grand sum of Hajime's romance――a maid robot.



–



–



–



After that, the forces of many countries received maid's attack altogether and they were helplessly annihilated.



The following forces were also crushed without leaving any behind. Fukube and his subordinates who were watching that sight from the surveillance system made a firm oath to not harbor anymore illusion toward maid for the second time.



–



–



–



A few days later.



The top of each country who made plan about Liliana――ten people were gathering in a certain place while they were all cordially sweating coldly like waterfall together.



It was a lineup that would make one wonder if an international summit would begin here, but the gathering this time was completely unofficial.



On the contrary, they weren't gathering for negotiation or cooperating with each other.



To be more accurate they were gathered. Forcefully. All within these few minutes.



The top of a certain country who had only taken over after his predecessor not so long ago glanced at the cause, or rather the culprit.



「Perhaps you have any business with this one?」



「……No.」



'Rather, it's you who got business with us!' Was how the leader wanted to tsukkomi, but he didn't want to stir up the hornet nest so he shook his head.



That person――a maid was standing by silently once more near the wall.



Yes, that maid was exactly the culprit who abducted a leader of a country.



Just when he thought that a maid suddenly appeared behind him, he suddenly ate a fist to the guts, and when he noticed he was inside a spacious room that he didn't know where it was located.



And then, he believed that the leaders of other countries most likely also went through the same thing like him.



Because standing behind each of the leader of each country who was made to sit around a round table, were maids who seemed to be in charge of the leader in front of them.



Every single one of the maids was a beauty who would make anyone to be taken aback in surprise and their breath stolen away. Anyone who was a man would surely got their eyes reeled in.



But, naturally no one had the composure to admire the view.



(Former president Schwarnenegger. I was wrong calling your attitude weak. I should listen to your warning……)



He rubbed his stomach that still felt a bit hurt while murmuring in his heart. When he looked closer, it seemed the other people were also oddly concerned with their stomach. It appeared everyone ate a punch to the guts.



This was where he wanted to say just what they were doing to the leader of a country, but the person who would come after this was a monster who would crush the unreasonableness brought by country with even more unreasonableness to have his own way.



「Forgive my rudeness but, just now, are you perhaps thinking of something strange?」



「N, nnoo, I'm not thinking anything!」



「Is that so……my apologies.」



The maid was too sharp. And then too terrifying. An aura of wrath leaked out for a moment, no it was a killing intent. The amount of his cold sweat doubled from that. It was already a waterfall. It was as though he was getting showered.



When he glanced at the clock, it would soon be the time that was told to him.



*Tick tock*, the sound of clock's hand was strangely reverberating.



Before long, the time arrived.



Without any advance warning, all the maids moved in front of the door simultaneously. Without making a single sound of footstep, they split to left and right with five people on each side. Their posture was beautiful.



「The lord has come. ……Don't you all know manner?」



The maid――Heliotrope-san emitted a gruesome killing intent!



The leaders of the countries simultaneously stood up! Cold sweat was flowing from them to the degree that there was a worry of dehydration!



A beat later, Heliotrope opened the door with a reverent gesture. His majesty the demon king who showed his figure was……



「O, oou?」



Leaking out a bewildered voice that sounded slightly creeped out.



He gave the order to gather the ringleaders of the case this time because he wanted to talk to them, but the moment the door was opened, the maids were lining up in good order while bowing their head, furthermore the leaders of each country were lowering their head with face that looked like they had seen death. Especially while they were sweating so much it caused Hajime to be taken aback!



Even the demon king――Hajime-san too was a bit surprised.



*Cough* Hajime cleared his throat. He entered inside after pulling himself together.



There, a spasming voice rose from among the wive~s who were accompanying him together.



「Ve, Venri!? Thy, what art thy doing in this kind of place!?」



「I am a maid, princess.」



Well, of course. She was wearing maid uniform after all.



'That's not what I wisheth to ask!!' Tio stamped her feet in frustration.



Real name Venri. Her true identity was a dragonman. Furthermore, she was Tio's wet nurse. An existence that wouldn't be an exaggeration even if she was called as her second mother. (TN: Appeared in the extra story of LN vol 3)



Such existence was being her husband's maid when she noticed!



No, she was from a clan that was serving Klarus family for many generations, so it wasn't strange even if she was serving Hajime now, but still! 'Still, still, I di~dn't hear anything about this thy know!?' Tio argued vehemently, but Venri or rather Fleur Knights rank three Ivy-san only smiled sweetly. (TN: Until now I have been using Claus for Tio's surname, changing it to Klarus here cause it seemed I have misread the reading until now)



In addition, she was older than Tio so originally she was woman that looked like past her middle age, but now no matter how Tio looked at her, she looked like she was around the middle of her thirtieth. She felt like an attractive mature lady who was overflowing with motherhood and sex appeal. No matter how Tio saw it, her age was rejuvenated.



It couldn't be helped that even Tio whose mental strength was at cheat level got flustered.



Tio was going to speak further, but before she could, this time it was Shia who raised her voice.



「Nea-chan!? Don't tell me, don't tell me even Nea-chan!?」



「I am a maid, Shia-oneesama.」



Well, of course. She was wearing maid uniform after all.



And then Liliana asked further with a gesture as though she was enduring a headache.



「Excuse me~, could it be that you are her highness the imperial princess of the empire, Tracy D Hoelscher?」



「I am a maid, Liliana-sama.」



Well, of course. She was wearing maid uniform after all. 'I get it. This pattern. I'm used to it already! Even if it's an imperial princess of the empire, furthermore it's a princess who is famous for being a war hawk even among the imperial family, yes, that's right isn't it! You are a maid aren't you!'



The maid imperial princess-sama――or rather Fleur Knights rank 7 Torenia was chuckling 「Ufufu」 bewitchingly. In respond Liliana also smiled back 「Long time no see, ufufu~」looking like she had abandoned everything.



Naturally, because Liliana had obtained such immunity that she didn't make any tsukkomi or anything when at the corner of her sight she caught sight of one other person who she recognized. Even if for example that person looked exactly the same like the captain of the kingdom's knight order, Kuzeri Rail!



「He, hey, Shizuku-chan. No matter how I see it, that can only be Kuzeri-san though.」



「Kaori, what a coincidence. I also see it like that.」



It seemed Liliana wasn't mistaken. By the way, she was rank 4. It was something terribly concerning about who was the present knight order captain of the kingdom. Though Liliana wanted to believe that the seat wasn't empty by all means.



While feeling the gazes that insisted 「Give us detailed explanation!」 from everyone, especially Tio, Hajime returned his gaze toward the country leaders who were looking at each other's face idly.



「Now then, why are all of you gathered in this place, you all should understand the situation already.」



The atmosphere changed. There was an abnormal pressure that even felt like it was giving physical pressure.



When Hajime moved forward, the transcendental maids who annihilated the force they dispatched and abducted them without regards of the existing security were standing by behind him.



That figure which was clad in black based attire and served upon by combat maid group――



「Demon king……」



Someone muttered.



「Well then, let's have a talk. Rationally, peacefully, just like cultured people, agreed?」



Hearing those words, the expression of the leaders who thought that surely they would be killed just like this and were seeking for a chance to make excuse became a bit anticlimax. Some had their toughness that was fitting as the leader of a country restored thinking that perhaps there was ground for negotiation.



Right after that, they became aware that it was only their misunderstanding.



「And? Whose relative do you guys think you are trying to lay your hand on huuh?」



Black wind blew. It was an overwhelmingly ominous pressure that made them hallucinated that. They saw the vision of their heart being tightly grasped!



How were they going to pay to settle this?



Nobody was able to answer that "first discussion".



–



–



–



And then, when the hindrances were gone, how far "Liliana's aid network" went after that, that would be a different story.



The excellent secretary who was supporting such Liliana from both the shadow and in the sun――Sandra Winchester-san, was actually Heliotrope-san in disguise, furthermore all of the executive staffs who were moving behind the scene of Heiligh Volunteer Association in various things were actually people with principal occupation of maid from another world. That too was also another story.



The combat maid group of the demon king reaching even further growth, was also another story.



–



AN: Once more, thank you very much for this whole year!



Please take care of me too the next year!



By the way, I'll explain a bit about the various things that came out in this chapter.



=> It's a content that came out a bit in the special perk SS of volume 1.



I'm thinking that it will be nice if someday I can correct and revise the SS chapters too and publish them.



=> She came out a bit at volume 6 and the first chapter of Kouki arc in After Story.



The knight order captain who succeeded after Meld. The former imperial guards captain of Liliana.



Why did she become demon king's maid? I'm thinking that it will be great if I can write in around Tortus Travel Journal ② or ③.



In Tortus Travel Journal, they will follow the path Hajime has taken, while at the same time



It might also be the story where the members of Fleur Knights make appearance.



=> She made appearance in the extra story of volume 3. She is Tio's wet nurse and served Klarus family. A gentle lady with strong heart.



However, she is from dragonman clan so she is also strong physically.



=> Made appearance in volume 7. A friend of the same age with Par-kun――Balthoferd of Certain Death.



Her figure that was fully covered in wound while yelling 「I WOONN~~!」 in guts pose had become legendary.



Sooner or later, when all the members of Fleur Knights had come out in After Story, I will make their introduction list.



The rank 8 and 9 hasn't come out yet, but it's simply because I haven't gotten any idea yet, so if anyone has request 「Show this kind of character!」, then please.



Perhaps I will make the character appear in After Story then lol





Chapter 298




–



AN: Congratulations for the opening of the New Year!



Please take care of me for this whole year too!



Please enjoy this chapter for a leisurely time of New Year~



※There was update in 30th and 31st too. Those who haven't read them please be careful.



–



The "World Door" that connected earth and Tortus.



Hajime who somehow settled down the chaos that was produced on the top of the tower that was built adjacent to the palace finally led everyone to go down the tower.



Cheers rose inside the lift that was moving using magic power. The tension of fellow parents heightened from the aftertaste and they talked to each other. Hajime gave a glance at them while opening the door that was connected to the palace.



Then, right after that,



「Hajime-san!」



*Pata pata pata* The sound of footsteps and the voice calling Hajime's name with overflowing joy resounded.



「Lily. That's quic――oops」



Hajime was going to comment how fast she came to receive them, but before he could finish, Liliana leaped onto his chest so his words were stopped.



Hajime lightly directed away the impact and received her *pofuh* on his chest. There Liliana showed him a wide smile. She was already in a state where she saw nothing else except Hajime. Her atmosphere felt like there were hearts floating up buoyantly.



「……Nn. The person who forthrightly ignored us and charged at Hajime right now is the princess of this Heiligh Kingdom, Liliana S B Heiligh-san.」 (TN: So far I also used Hairihi as the name of the kingdom, now I decided to change it into something cooler sounding)



Yue who seemed to intend to continue being tour guide Yue without change gave introduction while her index finger pressed on Liliana's cheek and grinded.



「Fuwa!? Everyone, all together! Please excuse my rudeness.」



Liliana kept up the appearance as a lady while it was already too late. Her cheeks were blushing while she gracefully separated herself from Hajime. Then she gave a greeting with a lovely courtesy.



「Lily-chan! Long time no see! You're healthy?」



「Hahaha, you're still a princess as ever.」



「Sumire-okaasama, Shuu-otousama. It has been a while. Thank you very much for welcoming me at that time.」



Actually, Liliana had already met Sumire and Shuu.



As expected, although she was one of the wive~s, it would be too pitiful for Liliana if she wasn't even introduced to Sumire and Shuu face to face until they went to Tortus someday, so although it was only for a short time Hajime called Liliana to earth instead.



At that time, the entrance of a real princess from another world, furthermore that princess was a wife of their son caused Sumire and Shuu's tension to climb up drastically. They prepared a warm welcome using every method available for Liliana.



Liliana was even more nervous to give a greeting to Hajime's parents than when she was doing government affairs, but the two's unexpected reception caused her to spontaneously be moved to tears.



Liliana's appearance in dress, the refinement that could be felt from her even without her doing anything, and then the tiara that was snugly placed on her head and so on, it was obvious just from a glance that she was a princess. Tomoichi and co, the parent~s who saw a princess of another world for the first time were staring with emotional gaze.



No, it was only Tomoichi who while feeling emotional was also sending glances at Hajime that seemed to want to say 「This bastard. So there is still more girl he had laid his hand on-」.



Hajime smiled wryly while saying.



「……Tomoichi-san. I believe I have mentioned about Lily before.」



「Really sorry, Hajime-kun. When I heard that you have other woman other than my angel, my heart was completely dyed with killing intent then.」



And so, he didn't hear most of the story. Or rather, he immediately assaulted Hajime at that time. Right after that he ate a backdrop from my angel and his consciousness was blown away.



Tomoichi-san mumbled about such fault-finding while attempting to calm his heart.



Kaoruko left alone her husband who was like that and walked toward Liliana.



「So you are Lily-chan, no, Liliana-sama. I often heard about you from my daughter. She said that you racked your brains very much for them all in the middle of the terrible situation. Please let me express my gratitude.」



Kaoruko said that and bowed her head. Tomoichi hurriedly stood by her side and lowered his head, and then everyone of Yaegashi family and also Akiko altogether lowered their head saying 「Thank you for what you had done for our children」.



Liliana opened her mouth in panic.



「Such thing, please lift your head, all of you. We were the one who involved them into our world's circumstance. It's only natural for me to do everything that I could. Besides, what someone like me had done were only trivial things compared to the things that Kaori and everyone else had done for us.」



Liliana gently put her hand on Kaoruko's shoulder and made her lifted her face, she also prompted the others to lift their head too. Liliana smiled sweetly with a warm gaze.



「Everyone's daughter is this country's……no, this world's savior. I should be the one who say thanks. My heartfelt gratitude for having raising these wonderful people. I express my thanks as the representative of this world's people.」



'In addition, being able to become friend with everyone, being able to fight together with them, those are things that I will be proud of for my lifetime.' Saying that Liliana bowed her heads deeply and displayed her gratitude to the parents.



Kaoruko and Tomoichi, Shuuzou and Koichi and Kirino, and then Akiko too, they were staring at Liliana wordlessly. Even Sumire and Shuu who were already given the same words from her were staring at Liliana with an expression that were at loss for words.



Every single one of them felt the surge of indescribable emotion in the back of their heart. It was close to a deep emotion, perhaps it was delight, however, it was a surge of feeling that was bigger that couldn't be described with word.



This person said to them that she was proud to be able to meet their children. That she was grateful that they raised their children into such people.



As a parent, there was no greater gift than this.



When glancing to the side, Kaori and Shizuku and Aiko were blushing slightly with embarrassment while their gazes were averted to other directions.



Tomoichi and others smiled slightly at their children's state, and then they lowered their head even deeper than before toward the princess of another world who gifted them with such lovely words and,



「We too, thank you.」



They said.



'I see. So this is a real princess.' The parent~s were in acceptance. Amidst that Liliana opened her mouth with bright voice to change the atmosphere slightly.



「And, for everyone to visit here……」



「Yeah, just as Lily guessed, it's for sightseeing. Tou-san and Kaa-san threw a tantrum asking for that.」



Hajime shrugged his shoulders and replied like that. Liliana chuckled hearing that. And then, 「If it's something like that」 she puffed up her chest with overflowing motivation.



「Then, I will have to give hospitality to the best of my ability. Hajime-san, what kind of plan do you have?」



「We haven't really decide anything. If we are traveling normally, then no matter how much time we have available it won't be enough, so I'm thinking to decide a base and then use gate to guide them to every place.」



「If that is the case then please, stay in this palace by all mean.」



「Yeah, I was thinking to ask you that though……」



「Yes, please leave it to me.」



It seemed that it would be Liliana herself who would receive them, so Hajime's expression turned a bit worried.



After all, Liliana was super busy. She was the one who practically managed this country. It wasn't so clear without focusing closely, but there was faint shadow visible under her eyes. It was skillfully hidden using cosmetic, but she should be tired that some sign had appeared on her face.



「Are you all right? You are being pressed with work right? We can take care of ourselves you know?」



「No no, please don't mind it. After all the work won't end at all whether I rest for a bit or doesn't rest at all!」



「……」



How could she say 「The work won't end!」 with such bright voice?



The occupation "princess" seemed to be a really black type of occupation. Sadness was pooling inside everyone's eyes.



「Now now everyone. First please let me introduce my mother and little brother. Okaa-sama earnestly wished to meet with Sumire-okaasama and Shuu-otousama. Not just to Okaa-sama, please allow me to introduce the family of the heroes to other people too by all means!」



Liliana led them in high spirits. Hajime and co looked at each other with a bit of wry smile seeing her like that, even so they obediently followed her.



Although the capital was in the middle of reconstruction, because the palace was a building that would become the country's symbol, and then because it was the symbol of the reborn kingdom that surpassed the hedge of race in the new world, its construction was done the fastest with most effort poured into it.



Because of that, although there was no air of history that could be felt compared to the previous palace, it still had impressiveness that would move the emotion, especially for Japanese people who in the first place had never seen the inside of a western type palace.



Like Tomoichi, with his occupation as an architect his gaze was moving around busily with deep interest. His wife and daughter chuckled smilingly at him.



「Hmm, just how many hidden route and mechanism are here……my blood is seething.」



「Ojii-chanGrandpa……I wish you will focus a bit more to other aspect though.」



Shuuzou's gaze was also busily moving around, but it seemed he wasn't observing the building's construction, but it was her heart of adventure that wished to discover hidden route. Looking there, Koichi and Kirino were also concentrating with the feeling like 「I will be the one who find out the most!」.



They completely ignored Shizuku's exasperated face.



Midway, the passed several servants, civil officials, and military officers. Seeing their peculiar conduct, Sumire and Shuu turned grinning expression toward their son.



「Fufu, it's itchy somehow isn't iit?」



「Ahaha, after seeing that kind of conduct from close by, you are really the demon king-sama huh.」



「……It's not like that title is self-proclaimed you know?」



Each time they passed someone, those people would naturally moved aside to both sides of the corridor and lowered their head. After all among them there was Liliana of the royal family.



But, everyone noticed it. The people's gazes weren't directed to Liliana, but mainly to Hajime.



The moment they saw Hajime, their body would turn stiff without exception. It was apparent that their stiffness wasn't caused by fear, but from being filled with awe.



After all, them bowing their deeply didn't look like they were being forced at all. Every single one of them thought from their heart that they should do so, it was clear just from seeing them. Reverent atmosphere was overflowing from their whole body.



In addition, mainly among the maids, the heat residing inside the females' eyes was amazing. Although they didn't make any obvious move of flattery, their extraordinary emotion was transparent to see.



Indeed, if such attitude and eyes were directed toward their son, as parents it surely couldn't be helped that they would be writhing a bit from pride and also itchiness.



Hajime didn't pay any mind at all to the attitude of the palace's people, but as expected he was bothered by the gazes and expressions from his parents and the other parents, so he averted his gaze with a really complicated look.



Then, when they arrived at a crossroad, Hajime's averted gaze caught sight of a maid coming from the corridor ahead.



Different from other people, she didn't stop and lowered her head or moved aside toward the wall, but approached near in a straight line.



「Liliana-sama.」



「Hellina!」



The woman with long dark brown hair swaying behind her and smooth footsteps approaching them was Liliana's personal maid Hellina. She was quite tall for a woman with straight posture, her smiling expression was also filled with refinement. As expected from someone who was picked as the princess's personal attendant, she was a beautiful woman who would make anyone accept it.



The moment that Hellina turned her gaze to the group of Hajime and co, she bowed with a beautiful motion that would also make anyone got taken aback and continued her words.



「Liliana-sama. Luluaria-sama wish to receive a bit of time for preparing right now. If you are going to introduce everyone, then perhaps you should first go to where Randell-sama is.」



「Eh? Ah, you're right.」



Thinking carefully, something like a sudden visit without any contact beforehand shouldn't be done when the other party was a queen of a country.



Luluaria was a woman with tolerant and gentle disposition, but as exacted, it would be troubling for her to suddenly meet the family of the heroes who were their benefactor without any preparation whatsoever. As a queen, it was necessary for her to prepare the appropriate appearance. To say nothing of how this would be their first meeting, it would be even more important.



Noticing that, Liliana's cheeks blushed thinking how she was slightly too high spirited and she casted her eyes down.



「Hellina, about contacting Okaa-sama……looking at you it seems you have already done it haven't you?」



「Yes. Right away after the bell of the gate opening rang.」



Hellina understood that Liliana would immediately rush away without even giving attention to anything else. She didn't come together with Liliana despite being her personal attendant was for the sake of arranging all the preparations beforehand.



Truly an excellent maid.



The entrance of a genuine maid (the meaning here was in broader sense) of another world and what's more a maid that looked like in a class of her own caused Sumire and Shuu's eyes to blaze fierily. Their tension kept rising up without stopping.



But there, Liliana suddenly showed a questioning face.



「Hm? I'm thankful that you got in touch with Okaa-sama but……Hellina, you knew about the visit of Sumire-okaasama and everyone else?」



Hajime and co had met with Luluaria several times, so if it was with someone among them, Luluaria too wouldn't prepare her appearance meticulously every single time. They had built such lighthearted relation between them.



For Hellina to intentionally get in touch with Luluaria meant that right after the "bell of gate opening" rang, she was aware that Hajime and co arrived with their family this time.



How? It was only natural to feel doubt about that.



The answer to that was immediately showed from the words of the sweetly smiling Hellina after that.



「Hajime-sama. As you commanded, I have arranged for the rooms, lunch, and so forth. Where will you all have your lunch?」



「For now, it will be after we look around the capital in general. We haven't decide the specific.」



「Understood. Then, please contact me again at that time. Also――」



「Wa-wa-wa-waaa~~~-t a second!」



Liliana-san intercepted.



She cut in with a pose as though she was doing Kabaddi between the two who was conversing like they understood each other as though it was only natural.



「What do you mean by command? Since when?」



「I had received an artifact for communication from Hajime-sama, so right after the gate opening, I took action following the command that I was given. That's all.」



「Just now I told you that we can take care of ourselves right?」



'What are you doubting at?' Hajime and Hellina both tilted their head harmoniously.



「Artifact for communication? Wait, don't tell me it's the broach Hellina is wearing!? It has crimson jewel attached and looks like it's something really expensive, so perhaps spring has also come for Hellina!? Was what I thought but, don't tell me that's an artifact!? What's more it's Hajime-san's!? I don't receive anything like that you know!?」



Hellina-san smiled sweetly to the shaken princess.



「Hajime-sama. About the aforementioned matter, my deepest apologies. I've never thought that your arrival will be this fast, the writing of the list is still not finished yet.」



「Don't worry about it. This is also an unexpected trip for me after all.」



「Much obliged. For the moment, 80 percent of it is finished. I brought that part with me. Will you look at it?」



「80 percent? That's fast……. Fine then, I'll take a look at it at night.」



「Then, here it is.」



Beside the ignored Liliana, the two did a transfer of some kind of document. After Hajime briefly ran his gaze on the document, a faint smile emerged on his mouth.



「You did well compiling this. This quality in this short time……. Good work.」



「I'm honored.」



Again she was bowing her head beautifully, the exclusive lady attendant of princess Liliana――Hellina-san.



「E, eeeh? Hellina? Hellina is my attendant right? That's right isn't it?」



「? But of course, Liliana-sama.」



It was very suspicious.



Everyone there thought so. Doubtful expression and fixed stare were sent to Hajime from the wive~s, and then grinning face from Sumire and Shuu, sharp gaze from Tomoichi, and for some reason admiring gaze from the other parents.



「Goshujin-sama, if thou wish to hath beautiful woman to abide by thee so much, then look, the best woman for it is here thou see? Give me command to thy heart content without reservation! Now, now!」



The greedy disappointing dragon who couldn't hold herself back approached with rough breathing.



「……Hajime, as I thought you like maid? Should I wear maid uniform?」



「Papa, do you like maid-san nano? Then, Myuu too will wear maid uniform nano!」



「My my, Hajime-san too is a man isn't he? Ufufu.」



「Uu, I have been worried about the relation of Hajime-kun with the maids in the palace since before but……to think, he is already progressing until this far. A failure!」(Kaori)



「Hajime, that, it's not a strange relationship isn't it? It's not right?」(Shizuku)



「La, laying your hand on the maids is no good! Hajime-kun! Do you understand!?」(Aiko)



The questioning wive~s.



Hajime sighed as though to say 'just what are you all saying' while storing the document into the Treasure Warehouse. And then, he turned toward Hellina who was waiting with graceful air without being perturbed even by the commotion, then his hand quietly gestured to the side.



It seemed to be a signal that told "Leave". Hellina quietly bowed her head, then she quietly left.



「Ha, Hajime-san feel more like her master than me……」



It went without saying that Liliana felt down after that.



–



–



–



While Hajime was receiving really complicated look from the wive~s and the parent~s, the group finally arrived at the room of Liliana's little brother and the next king Randell.



The throne was still empty because Randell's enthronement would be matched with the timing of the festival of the reconstruction completion. The thinking was that it would be a really good omen for the new king to be enthroned at the rebirth of the kingdom.



And so, currently Randell was spending every day immersing himself in study for his enthronement.



Even now he was receiving lecture from his instructor in his room.



「Randell. It's me. Do you have time right now?」



When Liliana knocked the door and asked, a dubious sounding voice replied back from inside the room.



「Ane-ueElder sister? Of course I don't mind but……」



Randell was suspicious because even though the "bell of gate opening" had rang out, and yet Liliana came to his place not so long after that. Because when the bell rang, then that "hateful son of a bitch" was undoubtedly here.



That "son of a bitch", basically if he didn't have business he wouldn't come visiting Randell by his own inititative. Most of the time it would be Randell who go to where he was to snarl and curse at him.



And so, surely Randell was thinking that this was unusual. Such feeling was oozing from his voice.



In the place of Randell, the old instructor who served as his private tutor opened the door.



And then Hajime's group came into view. The old instructor's eyes opened wide and Randell who was sitting at the back raised a shocked voice 「Bya!?」 and his body leaped up.



「Randell, and then Sagesse-sensei too. Forgive me to disturb in the middle of the lesson. The families of Hajime-san and everyone are coming to play so I'm thinking to introduce them.」



「Wha-, the parents of the bastard!?」



「Truly! Then I have to give my greeting by all means.」



Sagesse-sensei showed pure surprise and delight, but Randell was obviously showing vigilance other than surprise. It seemed that his agitation was great that the way he called Hajime inside his heart came out from his mouth carelessly.



Hajime and co entered inside Randell's study room in groups.



There was nothing particular inside the room, even so Sumire and co ran their gaze inside the room curiously. And then, Randell's state that was like a completely vigilant cat for some reason caused interested attention to gather on him.



Perhaps because he was in the middle of studying, Randell's outfit was casual and simple. He didn't look formal at all, so he only looked like a cheeky rascal. His look was that of a pretty boy just as expected from Liliana's little brother, that he gave off a striking impression.



Yue came forward like usual.



「……Everyone, the one you can see here is the next king of this country, the little brother of Liliana, Randell-kun. She was head over heel toward Kaori for a period of time, but the king of insensitivity Kaori unhesitatingly ignored him, and in the end without any awareness she stabbed him messily with blades of words, reducing his first love into misery.」



「Yue!?」



While Kaori quickly turned toward Yue and raised her voice, Randell-kun who got various thing about himself exposed got stabbed by Yue's blades of words. His hands pressed his chest, he groaned 「guhah」 while falling on all fours.



Shizuku and others who knew about the time that Yue mentioned smiled wryly, but the mothers went 「My!」 with their eyes sparkling from hearing the prince's first love story.



「Geez-, Yue, don't say strange thing! That's impolite toward his highness Randell! Even though she was only looking up to me and Shizuku-chan who were close with Lily. Even I wouldn't do anything terrible like ignoring him or anything! I thought of him like a cute little brother who is a bit naughty!」



「Kufuuh」



「Your highneeees! Get a hold of yourself! It's something that is over already isn't iiit!」



A further blow at this late from Kaori who still didn't notice Randell's feeling yet.



Everyone there thought. In various senses, it was you Kaori who was being rude.



「Hmmm. Should I be happy that a prince of a country fell in love with my daughter……. Or else, should I feel indignation that pest will appear no matter where it is……」



「Dear. Before that we have to apologize to the prince first. If the situation was always like that while he was taking care of everyone in this world here……it's just too much for the prince.」



Shirasaki married couple. Although it was from different angle but they were also made to worry about their daughter.



「Mu, Kaori's parents……. There is no need for concern.」



Prince Randell. Even though he was trembling like a baby deer that only just got born, but he stood up by his own strength!



「Let me introduce myself once more. I am a man who won't look back to the past! Randell S B Heiligh! The next king of this Heiligh Kingdom!」



「No, your highness. I always taught you to please properly reflect on your past.」



Prince Randell threw out his chest proudly with a triumphant look. Something like the accurate tsukkomi of Instructor Sagesse didn't mean anything for him.



Anyway, Sumire and co read the mood and gave applause 「Oo~」.



The old instructor Sagesse also introduced himself, after that Sumire and co also introduced themselves. When the introduction was over, Sumire raised her hand 「Question!」 energetically asking for permission to ask something.



Prince Randell's vigilance was heightened. Somehow, it looked like his silky blonde hair was standing on end.



「A, a question to me? Bri, bring it on. I won't run away! Come at me!」



「Kufuu! Prince Randell is adorable――cough. Honorable prince! What do you think about my son?」



It seemed that the voice of heart that leaked out at the first half was small and didn't reach Randell. Randell didn't look particularly offended and his expression became really complicated hearing the question at the later half.



「The basta――cough. Na, Nagumo, do-do-dono-, what do I think about him, is it……」



'He don't want to call his name by that much……?' While everyone was thinking that, Randell was oddly sweating while desperately searching for words.



And then, his gaze glanced at the Hajime in question――



「Myu?」



「Myu, Myuu! So you also came……」



It seemed that the shock and agitation from the arrival of Hajime and Kaori's parents caused him to not notice Myuu who was behind Hajime. The prince's cheeks were dyed red for some reason after seeing Myuu who showed her face suddenly from behind Hajime.



「Randell~, long time no see nano~」



「Yo, you are still, talking like that toward meee~. I am the next king you know!?」



Myuu waved her hand repeatedly with friendly smile. In respond Prince Randell was surprised again for some reason. His gaze darted around while he spoke frankly.



Myuu tilted her head cutely and asked.



「It's no good, nano?」



「Eh!? I, it's not no good but……」



「Then it's fine nano.」



「Bu, buuut, like it's too candid, or it cannot be shown in front of other people……in the first place, I am the older one!」



It was common knowledge that Myuu was the beloved daughter of the demon king, so hiding behind his position could be said as strange. And so, by making the fact that he was older by four years old as good excuse, he used it as reason and spoke mumblingly but……



「But, Lily-oneechan told Myuu, "Myuu-chan is more adult than Randell mentally aren't you", you see nano.」



「Ane-ueee!?」



Liliana-san averted her gaze aside.



The other people somehow guessed what kind of feeling Randel harbored toward Myuu from his attitude, so the mothers got sparkling eyes once more from the premonition of the prince's love, but other people were making pitying expression that said 「Again, really what a hardship he got」.



Since just now Myuu was staring at Randell with head tilted in puzzlement 'Just what do you want to say?', Randell's calm was gradually disappearing against such Myuu. *Fidget fidget, fidget fidget*.



Perhaps unable to look on quietly, this time Kaoruko who loved shoujo manga and love story asked a question with the intention of giving timely help to Randell.



「Say Myuu-chan. Is Myuu-chan close with his highness Randell?」



「Yep. We are friend nano!」



「Fri, friend……I'm a friend……」



Randell looked happy, or unsatisfied……. *Fidget fidget, fidget fidget*.



「I seee, you two are friend. Your highness Randell, he look kind, and his age is also close to Myuu-chan.」



'As expected from Kaori's mother! Are you a goddess!?' Randell's gaze seemed to want to say that.



As though in agreement, Myuu grinned cheerfully while nodding. 'Good. My time has come!' His expression also seemed to want to say that too.



Kaoruko who still only knew about Myuu from her daughter's hearsay knew that Myuu was a child who loved her papa.



But, she didn't know as far as the depth of that love. She was thinking that it was like 「When I'm older, I'll become papa's wife~」 the a little child would often say. She was thinking with common sense.



And so, imagining the love between a little girl in the city with a young prince, she spoke with sparkling eyes.



「I seee. Ufufu, could it be, perhaps there will be a future where Myuu-chan become a queen. That's if you get even closer with his highness Randell, right?」



Randell's cheeks became bright red. He was about to say 「Kaoruko-dono! Mo, more than that is――」, but……



Myuu who seemed to guess the meaning of Kaoruko's words spoke as though to pour cold water on it.



「There ain't such a future nano.」



「Eh?」



「Eh?」



Kaoruko and Prince Randell, their eyes turned into a dot together. Hajime and co covered their eyes as though to say 「Oh dear~」, while the parents other than Sumire and Shuu gazed in wonderment.



That was understandable.



After all, Myuu who was always full of energy with wide smile on her face was now making a terribly serious face.



Kaoruko added on her words even while feeling shaken.



「Bu, but you are close with his highness Randell――」



Kaori tried to stop with 「O, Okaa-san, let's stop there」, but it was already too late. The blades of words were fired once more.



「Myuu will marry papa.」



「You really like your papa aren't you? but, his highness Randell is also――」



「It's impossible.」



The serious faced Myuu. The serious heart that was conveyed to everyone whether they wanted it or not.



And then the resounding scream of heart.



「GOD DAMN IT ALLLLLLLLLLL-」



「Your highneeess! Don't do anything rash!」



Randell-kun, he fell on all fours and said 「Again! It's you agaiiiinn! I realized it a bit though!」 while hitting the floor repeatedly.



A really complicated atmosphere drifted inside the room.



Perhaps feeling responsible for that, Kaoruko was all flustered.



Here there was one thing. It was a well-known fact how Kaori had natural airheaded characteristic inside her. It was her forte to drop explosive words without any awareness, and she was also a maiden who just charged ahead.



Now then, there was one question. Who in the world she got those from?



The answer was simple.



In trying to help the completely dejected prince somehow, Kaori's mama merciless stepped forward!



「Myuu-chan. Don't you think that his highness Randell is a cool boy? Perhaps――」



Kaoruko desperately tried to encourage Randell but,



「Cool?」



Myuu bluntly asked back. Her face was absurdly puzzled!



*Crack*, there was a sound like a crack entering a glass. The sound came from around Randell's chest.



Myuu glanced at the wincing Kaoruko, then her gaze turned toward Hajime, after that her gaze returned to Randell,



「Cool?」



Myuu tilted her head and spoke once more.



Inside Myuu, the definition of "cool person" had been fixed along with the person for it. When she used that as the standard, the prince crumbling down before her gaze was……it seemed her evaluation became something like 「Somehow, he look unreliable, just what is cool from him?」.



A painful silence descended.



Kaoruko was going 'Awawah' while turning a gaze that seemed to say 「Kaori, what to do? Okaa-san has really done it now」 toward her daughter. Certainly, it seemed she had totally killed the prince's heart.



Randell stood up while kept looking down.



And then, while everyone was watching over him, he was walking with brisk steps until the door and he suddenly stood still. He opened his mouth without looking back.



「Sumire-dono, about your question before this……」



「Eh? Ah, yes.」



Sumire's gaze was unusually swimming around. 'I cannot find any word to say to this young prince! I cannot endure being here!' Her state was like that.



While everyone was focusing on Randell with the same state, the young prince glared rigidly at Hajime across his shoulder.



「OBVIOUSLY I HATE HIIIMMMMMMMMMMMMMM-!!!」



'Reach until the heaven!' A yell that seemed like it was let out with such intention resounded inside the room. And then he ran out of the room.



Behind him, Instructor Sagesse suddenly returned to his senses with 'hah' and chased behind 「YOUR HIGHNEESSSSS-! WE ARE STILL IN THE MIDDLE OF LESSON YOU KNOOOOWWW-」. With amazing agility. Like *shutatatatatata-*.



Odd atmosphere was drifting inside the room as expected. The color of Kaoruko's face was bad from feeling responsibility.



But, it seemed Randell too had grown.



After a while, from the other side of the corridor, 「But, not yet! It's still not over yet! I swear, I'll win without fail next time! I'll beat up that bastard for sureeeeeeee-」 such yell could be heard.



It seemed that his fighting spirit hadn't been broken yet.



「In a sense, your little brother is an interesting guy huh.」



「Haa, that child, geez. The way he fall in love, or something……」



Hajime grinned in amusement hearing Randell's war proclamation (?). Beside him, Liliana thought of her little brother 's suffering disposition or nature. She was massaging her head as though she got a headache.



In the end, Hajime and others left the study room that was left alone by its owner and they headed to the next place.





Chapter 299




–



After Randell burned his fighting spirit toward his second springtime of life while running away to somewhere, Liliana showed around the group inside the palace.



Luluaria who was making preparation in great hurry would also finished soon around this time, so they didn't go as far until the capital.



Hearing that the knights were doing morning training in this timing, right now they were heading to the training ground especially because of the request from Shuuzou and Koichi knowing that they would be able to see real knights of another world.



「The army of the kingdom in general is classified into soldier division, knight division, and magician division. Among the knight division, there is even more classification into kingdom knight order and imperial guard knight order. Right now it's the kingdom knight order that is practicing in the training ground.」



Liliana was talking about such thing while on the way. The tour guide Yue was resting. The reason was because she had no knowledge at all about something like the organization of the kingdom's army. She had zero interest about it.



The parent~s were listening to the story with deep interest while going 'I see I see'. Their digital cameras were already standing by. They were fully motivated to take photo together with the knights.



Sumire was asking Liliana with a gaze that was strangely filled with expectation.



「Lily-chan, is there female knight too ? Or perhaps, it's completely a male occupation as expected?」



「Of course, there are also a lot of female knights. Or rather, the current knight order's captain is a woman.」



「Myy-! Is that so!」



「Hou, a female knight order captain huh……hmm」



Sumire's eyes were shining extraordinarily with expectation. After her Shuu was also making an expression that was excessively filled with expectation.



Hajime was turning a ve~ry exasperated gaze at his parents who were like that. He was their son so he understood what they were thinking. They must be wanting to make a female knight said 「Kuh, just kill me!」 anyway.



Kirino was opening her mouth with a voice that was filled with expectation, but from different point of view.



「As the captain, her strength must be number one in this country too isn't it? Amazing. ……I wish to have a bout with her by all means.」



「Okaa-san. Restrain yourself okay? If not I'll cut you down you know?」



Shizuku was directing a ve~ry exasperated gaze at her mother who served poison when Hajime came to play at their house (at least, it was nonlethal) or trapped him with a lot of playfulness. She understood what she was thinking because she was her daughter.



Hearing Kirino's words, Liliana made a bit of wry smile.



「The person herself is frustrated that her strength still hasn't left the immature level though. In the first place, she was the head of my exclusive royal guard, so her strength is more than enough but……her predecessor might be just too great.」



「Hou, so the predecessor is that strong? I wish to meet that person too by all means.」



Shuuzou spoke his hope in the same line like Kirino. But hearing that, the expression of Hajime and everyone immediately clouded.



Especially Liliana and Kaori, and then Shizuku and Aiko. Their expression looked sad, lonely, or perhaps nostalgic……many emotions were contained complicatedly within their expression that couldn't be expressed by few words.



Starting from Shuuzou, the parents who didn't know about the circumstance made dubious face. But, they immediately guessed it somehow.



In order to change the atmosphere that became slightly tense, Hajime opened his mouth while getting a slightly distant look.



「Meld Logins. The previous captain of the kingdom knight order. The man who worried himself sick almost as much as Lily, no, in a sense it was even more that Lily, he was thinking of us students who were summoned here. In the term of pure sword skill, until the very end even Amanogawa whose spec as hero was cheat level wasn't a match for him. He was a man who was authentically the kingdom's strongest.」



He was a splendid man without compare whether in spirit, personality, or strength.



Those words of praise were without exaggeration.



Even Sumire and Shuu were holding their breath in surprise at Hajime's rare words and attitude.



Kaori and Shizuku continued after him while immersing themselves in memory.



「For us, he was a person who was like a big brother whose age was slightly separated from us. He was reliable, and when he was at our side we could feel really assured.」



「For us who didn't know left from right after getting summoned here, he was our heart's support. Not just Kouki, I too am wondering whether I can match him in pure sword skill even now……. I wanted him to see, just how strong we have become.」



Aiko looked up to the ceiling while speaking with a small smile tugged on her lips.



「I was a bit jealous toward that person. It was like all the students were relying on Meld-san rather that someone like me.」



And then, Liliana added more words while looking straight forward.



「He was without a doubt, this country's pillar. Unfortunately, he lost his life in the middle of the terrifying scheme that assaulted this kingdom……even now, there are a lot people who idolized him, the man called Meld Logins. He is the one who is "a knight among knights", "the symbol of kingdom knight" they said. Even Kuzeri who was the present knight captain idolized him very much……」



She compared her current self with Meld. Because she knew about how large he was.



Shuuzou spoke his request once more with a quiet expression.



「If it won't be a problem, I wish to be allowed to offer a prayer in front of his grave by all means……」



Looking closer, the other parents also asked for the same thing if it was for the person who had done that much for their children.



Liliana's expression became a bit troubled.



「There is a hero memorial monument. But, previously the monument was in the style of being engraved directly onto the rock surface of god mountain but, it was lost because the mountain was destroyed like that, so right now a new hero memorial monument is in the middle of construction at the center of the capital. The name of Meld Logins has been inscribed there at the very least, will everyone be fine with that?」



「Mu? Is there no custom of cemetery or erecting individual gravestone in this world?」



「There is. Rather, that is the norm. In fact, the cemetery that got dragged into the capital's destruction has been repaired to a certain degree. We cannot neglect it after all……」



Shuuzou and everyone's expression turned dubious once more hearing Liliana explaining with hesitant tone.



They could guess that Liliana surely attended to the maintenance of the cemetery in really early stage in consideration for the emotion of the living and their feeling that was grieving for the dead.



And yet, why was she unable to guide them to the graveyard of the people who sacrificed themselves for the country……



Shuuzou and everyone tilted their head in puzzlement. The one who gave them the answer was Hajime, the cause of it.



「As expected, there is still not enough leeway for them to repair the graveyard that has no bodies in it while putting off the reconstruction of the capital. When the reconstruction of the capital has progressed to a certain degree, the gravestones for those people should be next in line.」



「No bodies? That's……I see, so their body still hasn't been found. The removal of the rubbles is still――」



「No, it's because I turned their body into mince meat with gatling railgun.」



「「「「「「「「……」」」」」」」」



A painful silence descended. Even Sumire and Shuu gulped their saliva 「Nnguh」 hearing that.



The hearts of the parents were as one.



That was, 「Just now, you praised him as a great man right!? What do you mean you turned such person into mince meat!?」.



The parents were staring hard at Hajime hearing the shocking truth that was spoken casually.



Hajime went 「Aa~」. He was a bit at loss for words while speaking out the insufficient words――the shocking truth part II.



「Including Meld, a lot of the kingdom's knights and soldiers were already died and turned into manipulated puppets. The culprit was a girl from our class. Ah, Meld was killed by god's apostle though. Then, they were tenacious because they were already dead, so turning them into mince meat was the quickest and surest way. After all, that time Shizuku and others were attacked and fell into a pinch. So, well, the biggest reason was because Kaori got killed and I snapped though.」



「Wait a secooondd!? What do you mean that my angel got killed!?」



Tomoichi-san's eyes opened wide.



It was already shocking enough that a girl classmate killed a lot of soldiers and turned them into puppet, but getting told that 「Your daughter died once」 was a shock that Tomoichi couldn't overlook. Of course, Kaoruko was also losing her self-control, saying 「I, I've never heard of that! Kaori!」.



Kaori's gaze was darting around.



「Eeerr. I didn't say it because I thought that you two would just worry, but actually my heart got stabbed, like 'pusu-'」



The light Kaori-san who apologized 「Sorry I didn't mention it」 with an embarrassed laugh 'tehe-'. Kaoruko staggered on her feet before Sumire supported her.



Tomoichi's gaze was directed to Hajime, questioning him just what happened.



Hajime nodded deeply as though to say 'That's exactly like I feel'.



「Please rest assured, Tomoichi-san. Whether it's the god's apostle, or the guy who killed Kaori, I had properly murdered them.」



「Thank you very much! But, that's not what I want to ask right now!」



His beloved daughter who grew angel wings after missing for a long time before returning home. 'Don't tell me, she became angel because she had ascended to heaven once!? Any side effect!? Will she go back to heaven!?' Tomoichi demanded for explanation while getting half-panicked.



「Ca, calm down Otou-san! Okaa-san too, hang in there! I'm all right! See, it was Hajime-kun and others, they revived me back to life. Look, it was soul magic that I had showed before. Using that you see, certainly I got only my soul transferred into the body of god's apostle, but right now I'm living inside my authentic body, that's why, okay?」



「Bu, but there is actually angel wings growing……」



「That's from metamorphosis magic. I got Yue to cooperate to make it so I can turn into apostle even in my original body, that's all.」



「I, I see……」



After Shizuku and others also explained together about the detail of the situation of that time, the shock from the incident "Hajime-san turning someone he respected into mince meat" somehow got settled down too.



Sumire and others looked at each other's face, their expressions were clouded from realizing anew that the situation was just that terrible at that time.



「However, Hajime-kun. From Shizuku's story, at that time that devil race army were invading in great number right? It's amazing that this kingdom was safe while the classmates were in such situation, where even Kaori-chan was in that kind of danger.」



'I had heard the story to a certain degree but……', Koichi groaned while stroking his chin.



After going back to earth, Shizuku talked about Hajime in order to narrate the heroic tale, so he had learned of the method that Hajime took, but when the story of a person that actually died got mixed into it, it felt even more real. Because the feeling of realness was appearing like that, the story about how Hajime repelled an army of ten thousands felt even more unreal instead.



「Hmm, then how about thou hath a look?」



Tio took out some kind of small crystal plate from her Treasure Warehouse. Its size was exactly the same like an SD card, but its material was an ore that was like water colored crystal.



This was a medium artifact that recorded the image of the past that was projected using regeneration magic.



Tio set it into her own smartphone. And then, she operated it with a practiced hand movement and projected the image into empty air like a hologram.



「The image of the training ground at that time wouldst be a bit too stimulating, so I will project it from when Goshujin-sama repelled the devil army.」



The projected scene――the orb that Hajime lifted up shined brilliantly, then right after that, a pillar of light was fired from the sky. The world was dyed white. The impact shook the atmosphere, it felt like it could be felt even from through the image.



The monsters running about in panic. The devils who were looking dumbfounded at the approaching light pillar.



Everything got *chudon* altogether.



The devil army was vanishing, as though an eraser was rubbed on a paper that was lightly painted out using pencil. Everyone's face was twitching watching that.



「I, it's truly a magnificent CG huh?」



Tomoichi-san tried to escape reality.



「It's live filming though?」



Tio-san thrust the reality forward.



The parent~s leaked out weird moan 「Uboa」 altogether.



「Hajime! Don't use it on earth okay! Absolutely don't! Promise Tou-san! You absolutely, absolutely must――」



「Nagumo Shuuu!! That's why I'm telling you to stop speaking jokingly! It's seriously not funny at allll!」



As expected from the demon king's papa-sama. Even after seeing a scene of nearly ten thousand monsters and devils got erased with his own eyes, he was a man who would still run a gag. It wasn't funny just as Tomoichi said, so he grasped Shuu;s collar and shook him back and forth.



The atmosphere that was stiffening from the continuous shock was slightly loosened by such act of the two.



Hajime gazed at Shuu and Tomoichi who were quarreling and he made a slightly grateful smile. It was a faint smile, but it seemed it was enough for Shuu and Tomoichi who glanced aside at him.



Shuu winked slightly, while Tomoichi snorted slightly and continued the quarrel.



「……Nn. Hajime.」



「Ou. Tio too, thanks.」



「I think it's also not something to be intentionally showed though, Goshujin-sama.」



Hajime smiled at Yue who was looking up fixedly at him and he also thanked Tio who was acting just like he instructed through telepathy.



Yes, Tio showed the recording just now was from Hajime's instruction. As expected, he avoided showing the gruesome actual scene as it was in consideration of everyone's degree of mental tolerance, but he wanted to show Sumire and Shuu what he did even if just a part of it.



Because even though they were making ruckus of 'erlf, erlf', it should be certain that the two of them wanted to know about the path Hajime had taken.



And then, Shuu's speech and conduct was an implied message of 「It's all right」 to his son. It was the expression of his feeling as a parent, that he would accept his son properly and that he was glad his son would show that to him.



What was unexpected, was how Tomoichi too seemed to understand and got onboard with Shuu's conduct.



That must be the implicit declaration of his intention that said 「I won't reject you」.



Thinking normally, even if it was in an unique situation of being in the middle of war, putting aside the monsters, a lot of "people" were killed there.



No one would be able to blame Tomichi even if he showed even stronger refusal.



Looking closer, it wasn't just Shuu and Tomoichi, even Kaoriko, everyone of Yaegashi family, and Akiko didn't show anything like refusal.



Even if they showed him feeling of terror or refusal, Hajime wouldn't feel regret or necessity to change what he had done, he didn't even intend to, so he planned to silently accept it in case that happened but……



「Let me say my gratitude once more. Hajime-kun. I'm thankful that you brought Shizuku home. In that kind of situation, without you there, whether our daughter could be here at our side like this right now or not is……」



Following Shuuzou's words, Koichi and Kirino nodded at Hajime. Kaoruko and Aiko also seemed to feel the same.



「……No. I was only doing what I want to do.」



Hajime only answered like that with few words. Hajime wasn't an ally of justice. He didn't fight for any reason like "to save his classmates".



Everything was for the sake of forcing down all the unreasonableness this world thrust before him right from the front. Merely for the sake of showing that he wouldn't bend his knee or pull back even for an instant.



And so, being thanked for saving their child felt really uncomfortable for him.



「Hmph. What's with that face. ……For us, our child is the most important thing. The child of our family, Kaori, you brought her back home for us. That's why, I'm thankful as a parent. Just accept it honestly.」



――Rather than other people's death, our son's safety is far more important.



The words that Shuu once said right after Hajime went home were resurrected in his mind. Perhaps parent was that kind of person in the end.



Hajime thought that when he saw Tomoichi's displeased look that might be him hiding his bashfulness.



When his gaze looked around, whether it was Kaoruko, or Akiko, or Shuuzou, Koichi, or even Kirino, they all nodded with gentle expression.



Hajime awkwardly scratched his cheek while he answered「……Yes」 to Tomoichi's words.



A quiet, gentle atmosphere filled the area.



Their legs had stopped moving, so they resumed walking without anyone in particular prompting it. And then, Liliana opened her mouth to tell everyone that they would soon arrive at the training ground. She was going to speak with bright voice to change the atmosphere a bit, it was then,



「Everyone, over there is――」



「UoOOOONEeEEEE-SAMAaAAAAAAAAA-」



A scream that sounded like it was piercing from the bottom of earth to the heaven resounded! It was a joyful yell that was like a beast overflowing with delight and zeal!



Shizuku leaked out「Ugeh!?」 voice that was unbecoming for a young lady.



Right after that, someone broke through the corridor's window and sprang out in front of the group. Even though that silhouette was wearing knight helmet and armor, it leaped up with unbelievable agility. That figure was exactly that of a Lupi○ Dive!



「Onee-samaaa! I wanted to meet y――」



「Sei-」



A single shout. Shizuku also leaped toward that person who was coming in Lupi○ Dive. And then, she rotated midair and caught the head of the diving person between both her legs, then without pause Shizuku twisted her body to knock the person onto the ground.



「Hou! That's Yaegashi-style TaijutsuMartial Art – The Third Secret Technique――RyuugatsuiDragon Fang Fall!」



「Maginificent, Shizuku! Your skill improved again!」



「Oh my. Shizuku, since when!」



Her family was joyful. Even though this was where they should worry about the opponent who got her head struck on the hard stone floor with a force that cracked the surface.



「Hah!? Oh no. I unconsciously shot her down……. Wait you, are you okay?」



Shizuku was a bit flustered while addressing that person whose forehead was pushed down on the floor with her butt stopped moving in the pose of pointing to the ceiling.



Then,



「But of course-, Onee-sama! To be able to receive affection the first thing right after our reunion, it made me completely wet from the happiness!」



「Ah, right, as expected you're all right. ……I wonder why there is no damage……」



The female knight stood up in a flash as though nothing had happened. Her temple was just turning a bit red, but there was no sign that she was even concussed.



'This is only natural for those who are worthy to become a step little sister of the secret society "Soul Sisters"!' She was making a face that seemed to express that, but if it was ordinary person their consciousness would undoubtedly get sent to dream land, or perhaps their forehead would split and blood would go *spurt~*.



'Just who in the world this girl is?' While the parents were puzzled like that, tour guide Yue-san whose turn finally arrived stepped forward.



「……Even this world is infested by the self proclaimed "stepsistersSoul Sisters" who idolized Shizuku as "Onee-sama". This is one of those vermins. Or rather, she is their representative.」



Just from that explanation, everyone immediately got it saying 「Aa, a stepsister girl huh」. Shizuku was bewildered saying 「You all get it with that explanation!?」.



「Muh, so Hajime-sama is also together like usual. ……Tonight is a night of new moon I believe.」



「Oi, rotten knight. So what if it's "a night without moonlight" huh?」



The female knight whistled *pyu~ pyupyu~* while facing aside. Hajime sighed at the stepsistersassassins who existed everywhere, watching vigilantly for an opportunity to prey upon his life no matter in which world he was.



Tour guide Yue-san gave supplementary explanation of the female knight's career history.



「……She was once a royal guard of Lily, but when there is a man who approach Shizuku, ‘then it ain't matter whether they are his majesty the emperor or whoever!’ She would attempt to cause abnormal status effect using darkness element magic as though to declare that. Demotion upon demotion was piled up on her, however, she is a valorous person with nonexistent sign of introspection. By the way, her prank magic is truly excellent.」



It was an unexpected praise from the prodigy of magic Yue. And then, everyone let out a dry laugh at such personality that was beyond help and her expertise in such good-for-nothing magic.



A certain kohaijunior-chan at earth was also like this but, it was a wonder why Shizuku's self-proclaimed little sisters were all nothing but people with strong peculiarity like this……



「Sheesh Shizuku, there are nothing but funny kids who idolized you isn't it?」



「Kaori-chan is also a funny kid in a sense after all.」



「Eh!? Koichi-ojiisan!? You thought of me in the same category with that person!? I'm plainly shocked here!」



「Oi Koichi! Don't lump my angel together with this kind of strange creature!」



「Just now, I got a feeling that I was disrespected very naturally by Kaori-sama and an unknown gentleman though……」



The female knight was slowly, gradually approaching Shizuku even while saying such thing. 'It ain't matter who is watching! I will dive into Onee-sama's chest no matter what!' Such desire wasn't hidden at all.



Naturally, Shizuku was also slowly backing away, trying to hide behind Hajime.



'Kuh, as expected there is no other choice but to bring carnage here huh', thinking that, the female knight glared at Hajime while entering battle preparation. She was going to activate a darkness element magic to make it so that a lot of flies would fly around annoyingly around the eyes, it was then,



「YOUUUUUUUUUUU-, WHAT ARE YOU DOING THEREEEEEE-!!」



「Gee!? Captain!?」



The one who came running in full speed with a look that resembled Hannya noh mask was the present captain of kingdom knight order who was mentioned in the topic before this――Kuzeri Rail, that person.



From her intelligent eyes, her tight eyebrows and lips, she was undoubtedly a beauty. Her straight blonde hair was let down freely while it was slightly split to the left side from the center, but her figure when she brushed up her hair with one hand often fascinated the knights.



The demonic look of such woman gave a lot of impact. It was to the degree that Liliana who should be used to seeing it unconsciously raised a scream 「Hiih!?」.



The female knight immediately attempted an escape. But, the captain-sama showed an astounding acceleration! The female knight's escape route was cut off!



The female knight tried to further struggle in vain, but Captain Kuzeri launched a magnificent body blow without hesitation!



*Zudon-* Along with a sound that was like a cannon firing, the female knight's body floated. 「Uboa」 Such groan leaked out. Looking closer, the knight armor that should be of the highest quality was dented with a fist shape.



The female knight fell on her knees on the spot. Ignoring her, Captain Kuzeri faced Hajime and co with a pale expression. And then, she bowed her head in a flash with a vigor that made one wonder whether she planned to even head butt the floor.



「Everyone! My subordinate has been extremely disrespectful!」



The captain-sama looked as though 'I'm not gonna raise my head no matter what until I'm forgiven!'.



「Aa~, it wasn't like she did actual harm, and even if she tried there won't be any problem so don't mind it.」



'That's why you can raise your head', Hajime said as in the place of everyone else who was still looking with wide open eyes at the sudden happening.



Captain Kuzeri timidly and slowly raised her head.



「However, this is this fellow we are talking about. If Shizuku-dono is present with Hajime-done beside her, without a doubt she would try to attempt some kind of magic……」



「Well, you stopped her just before she could.」



「My deepest apologies!」



The head that was almost lifted up moved toward the ground once more in a standing dogeza posture. It was amazing flexibility she got there.



At this rate, it felt like the captain-sama who didn't do anything bad would continue to lower her head forever, so the other people also called out encouragingly to Captain Kuzeri unanimously.



Captain Kuzeri kept shrinking down in shame. Different from the broadminded Meld, it seemed she was a diligent and worrywart type of a person.



This time too, Kuzeri received a notice from Hellina about the arrival of Hajime and co along with their family to play. As the knight captain, she came here to give them brief greeting, but when she arrived, she found a subordinate who shouldn't be here, so then she charged forward while feeling stomachache.



After Captain Kuzeri who was pardoned greeted them respectfully, she faithfully asked for permission 「Please allow me to take a bit of time」, then she glared fiercely at the female knight who had recovered without anyone noticing.



「You, why are you here!?」



「Because Onee-sama is here!」



The female knight saluted smartly while sending a gaze that seemed to say 'Why are you asking such an obvious question?'. *Biki-* Blood vein emerged on Captain Kuzeri's forehead.



「I'm not asking that kind of thing! You, what about Kouki-dono!?」



Hearing that Liliana raised her voice 「Ah, now that you mentioned it!」. Hajime and co made a questioning expression, wondering what was the relationship between the female knight and Kouki.



Liliana explained it simply. So to speak, while Kouki was being active in Tortus, in order to silence the people who said various things about it, a knight would accompany him as an observer as well as support, and this female knight was the one who received that duty.



Everyone looked at the female knight, thinking that perhaps Kouki was also returning to the capital. But for some reason she looked triumphant and,



「I got the hunch that Onee-sama would be summoned soon, so I returned here independently!」



She said that. While sending a gaze that seemed to say 「I want to be praised, Onee-sama!」 toward Shizuku. An illusion of dog tail wagging around could be seen behind her.



「This stupid idiot!」



*Zudon-*, Kuzeri Blow exploded once more. This time it was a splendid heart break shot. A fist shaped dent similar like before was made in the armor at the heart position.



The female knight said 「My, my heart……it, feels like it will stoopp」 with pale face and staggered feet. The impact of the heart break shot seemed to cause irregular pulse in her heart.



「In other words, you left Kouki-dono behind! The current him will immediately act recklessly! I should have commanded you to support him attentively on top of observing him!」



「E, err, ca, captaiiin. My, my heart is……」



「Listen here, your duty this time was something Liliana-sama decided in consideration of you who kept causing nothing but trouble, so that you who are actually skilled and also accomplished won't need to quit being a knight!」



「I, I am thankful……bu, but, before that, my, my heart is……sto, stopp――」



「Even I don't actually want to fire your or anything. I know you very well since you still belonged to the royal guard. You are someone who can do it if you try. I thought that if you leave the capital to travel together with Kouki-dono and work for the sake of society and people, you will recover back yourself slightly. Even you yourself, weren't you brimming with motivation before departing, saying "I will bloom the second time at the central for sure!"? That's why I――」



「……」



The female knight's face was pale. Foam was bubbling from her mouth, and light was vanishing from her eyes.



'Eh? Could this be something plainly bad?' Liliana and others were flustered. Even Hajime was saying 「I, is she okay?」 while looking alternately at the captain and the female knight.



「Eei! What are you doing sleeping like that! Listen to what I'm saying properly!」



*Zudon-* A second heart break shot for today. The fist shaped dent on the heart position became deeper.



At the same time, 「Gahah!?」 the female knight breathed again. 「Eh? Just now, I thought I saw Captain Meld desperately telling me to go back from the other side of the river……」 She then murmured something terrifying.



The captain-sama who could freely move and stop the heart of her subordinate cleared her throat once and then gave an order once more.



「Anyway, this duty is something important even for you too. If you understand, then quickly return to where Kouki-dono is!」



「I firmly protest, captain!」



「What!?」



「Because that bastard, he was loitering at the north mountain range area for three days without eating or sleeping you know! I cannot accompany that kind of man whose thought is filled with "holy precinct's monster absolutely kill"!」



「You, do you understand the meaning of order? No one will recognize your rejection!」



「Respect of fundamental human right! It will!」



「Annoying! Who cares just go back! I'll fire you for sure this time if you don't!」



「Bring it on! I have resolved myself to follow Onee-sama from here on!」



'No, even if you resolved yourself like that I won't accept it you know?' Shizuku immediately insisted that, but the female knight only showed an unshakeable determination.



Seeing her like that, something sparkling was starting to gather at the corner of Captain Kuzeri's eyes.



「……I can't do this anymore.」



The dignified and strong knight order captain-sama's spirit was in the verge of breakin!



The female knight who threw out her chest stubbornly, and the completely exhausted captain-sama……



While a really odd atmosphere was ruling over the place, Hajime moved while letting out a sigh.



He confirmed something with the compass in one hand, then he approached the female knight briskly.



「Mu? What is it, Hajime-dono?」



「For now, not just the captain but Shizuku is also troubled with you being here, so go back to the mountain.」



A gate was opened. Hajime grasped the female knight's collar violently.



And then, the female knight who was bewildered 「Wha, what are you doing!?」 was tossed away by Hajime into the other side of the gate――thrown away at the air above the place where Kouki was at, the "north mountain range area".



From the other side of the closed gate, 「ONEe-SAMAaAAA-, II'LL BEe~ Baa~~CK!」 such shriek could be heard. But, it immediately became quiet.



「Anyway, I sent her to Amanogawa's place. Even if she returns here it will take a while. Well, look, those soul sisters bunch, I think you will be quite used to them if treat them while thinking that they are that kind of creature. So get a hold of yourself okay?」



「Ha, Hajime-donooo. I'm grateful for your consideratiooon」



As fellow people who were similarly troubled by soul sisters, Hajime spoke to Kuzeri with a bit of sympathetic feeling. For some reason Kuzeri spoke her thanks to him with tears of gratitude.



In front of Hajime and co who thought that she was a bit exaggerating, Kuzeri started talking while making eyes that looked like dead fish.



「Really, I really don't know anymore, just what should I do with her……. A knight captain who is toyed by a single subordinate, in the end can someone like that be called as captain? Besides, the reconstruction is currently going on so I have anticipated it but, dispute keep happening without end……. Besides my subordinates were also frenzied as though they were triggered by those, perhaps they were venting their emotion that they cut loose while in their day off, but they did it too much that complaints came from the people……. If they wouldn't change after I talked to them, I would beat them up thoroughly but, for some reason recently there were several people who got happy from that treatment instead……. How can they translate getting punched as "reward" in their mind? It's impossible for me to comprehend. Vice Captain Komold too, he would try to cut corners when I took off my eyes from him just for a bit……. And yet that guy only has popularity……. As I thought it's impossible for me to succeed after Logins-sama――」



「I, I see. I understand that you have been piling up various stress, so calm down a bit. It's no good if the knight captain cry in front of people right?」



「My apologies. I received kind words and consideration after so long so I unconsciously……」



Captain Kuzeri wiped her eyes clean with her sleeve.



Everyone's gazes were filled with a lot of sympathy. And then, Hajime naturally turned from Captain Kuzeri toward Liliana.



「Say Lily.」



「To, to think that Kuzeri's stress is accumulating by this much……」



Liliana was letting out cold sweat saying 「Perhaps I worked her too much」.



Certainly, at the present situation where the reconstruction was going on, there was a mountain of problem even just within the kingdom.



And then, the knight order was dispatched to take care of a lot of those problems. Certainly it would be very difficult for Captain Kuzeri who was taking supreme command of the knight order. Simply beating up everyone just like in war time also wasn't a good thing to do. Especially when it was a problem related with the beastmen who they were finally able to start the process of tying friendship with, she would have to act considerately to deal with that.



「What about the bunch in the church? The new pope should be handling the situation well right?」



「……Right now he is in the middle of provincial tour. The lightness of his footwork, it's as expected from his excellency the pope of the reborn holy church but……」



「It's a bit too light huh……」



The pope whose role wouldn't be an exaggeration even if it was called as governing over the peace of people's heart was in the middle of a trip. Surely the pressure on Captain Kuzeri doubled from that. Perhaps her subordinates consisting of only broken people was also a factor that drove her to the wall.



Kuzeri who took command while fighting in the front line at that legendary decisive battle wasn't getting looked down by her subordinates by any means. Rather, they trusted her at the same level like Meld or perhaps even more.



In contrast of the macho "big bro" Meld, Kuzeri should be called as "big sis" who gave heartfelt consideration instead. A part of her subordinates was consisted of broken people perhaps could be said as similar like the soul sisters' attitude toward Shizuku.



Naturally, such captain that had attained deep trust like that from the subordinates was an existence that they kingdom couldn't continue without, especially right now when the kingdom's foundation wasn't solid.



Captain Kuzeri was too overworked in various meaning that she almost broke down, but if she actually broke down for real, then Liliana would have her soul slipping out from her body after that without doubt.



Seeing Captain Kuzeri who looked somewhat down and Liliana who was in a dither wondering what to say to such Kuzeri, Hajime scratched his head.



「Captain. I'll give you this. Even in this work environment that is like a black company, it should become a bit better with this. Don't lose against the soul sisters and the deviants……live strong.」



What Hajime offered was a broach with crimson jewel fitted into it.



Captain Kuzeri instinctively accepted it, then immediately after, her eyes snapped wide open because she felt her body getting light as though she was floating.



「It's an artifact filled with things like regeneration magic, soul magic, well, there are various things. Exhaustion recovery, mind stabilizer, limit break, regeneration acceleration, beautiful skin effect……there is no harm in wearing it.」



「I, I cannot receive such amazing thing!」



「It will be a disaster if captain snap and stop functioning right now. Just accept it without reservation. You can just think of it as the husband of your black hearted boss sending you refreshment in her place.」



'Who are you calling a black hearted boss!' Liliana almost raised a protesting voice, but she was the person in charge of the work environment that driven the knight captain that she almost burst into tears, so she held her tongue 'muguu'.



And then, the captain-sama who was gifted with a healing artifact……



She casted her gaze down while her hand kept grasping the broach tightly, and somehow her body started trembling slightly, then



「I offer my sword to you-! My lord!」



She said such thing unexpectedly while kneeling. Her eyes that were clouded from anxiety were sparkling bright.



Liliana complained 「Offering your sword like that is no good right!? Your lord is me you know!?」, but Captain Kuzeri's gaze didn't leave the demon king.



While everyone's gazes were concentrated to Hajime, Hajime showed a pondering gesture for a bit, then he suddenly took out the list he received from Hellina before this and began to jut down some kind of memo.



And then, he cracked a smile,



「Let's have talkinterview slowly next time. But for now, do your best in your job as captain.」



「My lord!」



Kuzeri bowed her head happily, then she said 「Then I will return to my work! About the training, please, watch to your heart's content!」, gave a bow with briskness that was incomparable to when she first arrived before returning.



The dumbfounded Liliana suddenly returned to her senses with 'hah'.



「Eh, what's this? What is the talk that Hajime-san mentioned!? Don't tell me, you aren't satisfied with just Hellina, now you are planning to reach your hand to even Kuzeri!?」



「That sounds bad to other people's ear. I was just thinking to have conversation with her about change of occupati――cough-. About improvement of her work environment, that's all.」



「You said change of occupation just now! Where is Hajime-san planning to transfer her!?」



「You are misunderstanding I'm telling you. Well, it won't be anything bad for Liliana so it's fine.」



「For some reason I feel worried though……」



At this time Liliana didn't even dream that a few years later Kuzeri would change occupation into the demon king's maid at earth.



'Even at another world, black place will be black huh', Shuuzou and co made a bitter expression toward the tough world, while Tomoichi sent a sharp gaze to Hajime that said 「Are you planning to add more woman!?」, Sumire and Shuu were saying 「Damn it! We forgot to ask her to say 『Kuh, kill me!』 just now!」 in vexation, and Yue and co were sending puzzled gaze at Hajime wondering just what he was scheming this time. Amidst all those,



「Everyone, Luluaria-sama's preparation is finished.」



Hellina who came beside them unnoticed told them that.



「Nn-. Hajime-san, I will have you explain in full later okay? Well then everyone, I will introduce you all to Okaa-sama. Please come over here.」



After reminding Hajime firmly, Liliana guided the group toward where her mother was.



–



AN: Thank you very much for reading this every time.



Thank you very much too for the thoughts, opinions, and reports about misspelling and omitted words.



I'm sorry to those who is holding hope for Lord Aby.



Please wait for one more week, for now I post the Tortus Travel Journal ③. Pardon me with this!



–



PS



It was announced in Overlap-sama's homepage but, the comic version of [Arifureta Shokugyou de Sekai Saikyou Zero] will start getting serialized next month in Gardo. The illustration is over here ↓



The one in charge of it is Kouchi Ataru-sensei. I received wonderful illustration from the very beginning.



Thank you very much!



Like, that annoying personality of Miledy is drawn like this!



Or like, the name of Oscar's "Orcus" is actually from here~,



Or like Nize is being targeted by little girl sisters, or the roots of god crystal that Hajime obtained when he fell into abyss,



The tale of Miledy and others, the liberators will be connected like that with the now, I'll be happy if you readers can also feel it.



Even you who are thinking 'I don't think I'll buy this novel', if it's at Gardo the comic version will be free so you will be able to read it,



That's why please, please go take a look!



Please take care of Arifureta and Shirakome in this 2018 too!





Chapter 300




–



A voice could be heard.



Inside the darkness where one couldn't even see an inch ahead, a repulsive voice was resounding.



That voice felt slimy, like a sticky sludge.



It was already heard for several thousand, several tens of thousand times.



I also know about the development ahead of here. The same like the voice. I have seen it continuously repeating for several thousand, several tens of thousand times.



No. To be more accurate it wasn't seeing, yes, it was remembering.



A memory that couldn't possibly be forgotten. A memory that mustn't be forgotten.



The repulsive reason of me being alive. It was the earliest scene my heart remembered.



*Gou-* The wind was blowing.



Darkness that was like black ink which painted over anything it touched was swept away. What appeared in its place was crimson flame――the fire of hell.



Inside the world that was dyed red, "it" was there.



The figure that was like condensed darkness, or perhaps shadow. Red flame that was like blood was gushing out from the countless cracks running on its surface, frying the surrounding to ash without pause.



The two hands that were clad with hell fire were carelessly holding things that were once my parents, the eyes and mouth that were colored by flame warped like a mocking sneer.



"Its" mouth moved slightly.



A voice could be heard.



The voice of "it" that I had heard several thousand, several tens of thousand times.



I who could do nothing except trembling was impaled by "its" sneering laugh.



Flame was gushing out.



My important people were disappearing without even leaving ash behind, "its" hand was reaching forward.



The hand that was created from hell fire ad shadow completely filled my sight that was blurred by tears.



And then, hope and future, warm thing……as though to crush all of those things fully within its grasp――



–



–



–



「aAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH」



A scream echoed inside a bedroom at midnight.



The soft blanket was brushed aside, and a young woman around the age of twenty lifted up her body like a released spring.



Looking normally, she was a woman with good-looking and well-ordered appearance, but right now her expression was warped in grief with terror. Her blond hair that normally was wavy and looked soft got stuck on her cheeks and nape of the neck from sweat in an unsightly state.



There were only the sounds of rough breathing and rustling clothes resounding inside the room.



There, *knock knock* the room's door was knocked.



「Claudia-sama?」(TN: Do you guys think I should use Miss Claudia here or keep using Claudia-sama following the raw?)



「――」



A worried voice called at the name of her, the owner of this room――Claudia Barenberg. Her body twitched in surprise.



But, she immediately let out a large sigh, wiped the tears blurring her jade pupils with her sleeve, and then she calmed down her breathing with her hand on her chest before replying.



「I'm fine, Wynn. I only got a bit of nightmare. I'm sorry for the ruckus I caused.」



She endeavored to make her voice as calm and bright as she could. However, from the view point of the person guarding the room in front of the door, it was clear as day that the girl was only trying to not make other worried.



After all, this was something that had continued for several years. At the very least this would happen once or twice a week. It would even happen three or four times a week sometimes, when Claudia would spring up from her bed while screaming in midnight.



The cause was a common knowledge. Therefore, the people who idolized her also understood that it was something that couldn't be solved that easily.



That was why, "at the very least", the person who served as guard tonight spoke just like usual.



「If you like Claudia-sama, how about I brought something to drink for you? Luckily, Anna is brewing herb tea along with the change of shift, so how about Claudia-sama have some together?」



Surely that herb tea was also undoubtedly the kind that used a herb that would stimulate restful sleep.



Claudia made a warm smile at the consideration of them who were her guard, her comrade, and also her family. She felt like the coldness that was blanketing her heart, the emotion that she should reject were softening.



「It's a coincidence that my throat is dry right now. Please let me drink it if you will be so kind. Thank you, Wynn.」



「It's nothing.」



After that, Claudia put her disarrayed attire in order and lightly wiped her hair and sweat. Then she invited Wynn along with Anna who came at that timing to enter the room.



Wynn――Wynn Keyman was a lean young man with swept back blond hair. His age was 28 years old. He had rare grey colored pupils, and his look was gallant and stern. His personality was also serious. From his way of living that prized virtue, he was called as "knight" by his comrades.



Anna who was brewing the tea――Anna Folk was a girl with chestnut braided hair as her trademark. Her age was fifteen years old. Her pupils that were similarly brown like her hair were always shining with liveliness as though to represent her personality.



For a while they were amusing themselves with idle talk where Anna would be the one who did most of the talking while Claudia and Wynn would throw in appropriate comment.



Feeling her heart warmed by the warm tea and the harmonious interaction with her comrades, Claudia felt her eyes getting drowsy.



In the first place her drooping eyes and gentle gaze were her characteristic, her personality and her look also didn't go against the impression as a gentle big sister that she gave off. Even her speaking tone was relaxed and calm, so when sleepiness was added there, it was even said that the synergy of her appearance and voice would exert special ability of powerful sleep encouragement.



When such girl got drowsy eyes, naturally anyone who saw it would understand 「Ah, she is sleepy」.




Right now it would be less than an hour before the sun rose, but Wynn and Anna recommended Claudia to sleep once more. After all looking closer, even Wynn and Anna who were her guard were also visited by sleepiness. She was plainly obstructing their duty.



Claudia was hesitating because when thinking of the morning prayer, then it felt like it would be better to keep awake like this. It was then, Wynn's mobile phone suddenly started vibrating to inform that it was receiving a call.



Whynn confirmed the caller before picking up the call.



「Wynn here.」



『……This is Aziz. Mission complete. I will board the plane after this.』



「Thanks for your hard work. Was there any problem?」



『……None.』



「I see. Tell me the detail after you come back, but from your tone it seem that the ruin and relic aren't it huh?」



『……Yes. But, it's dangerous. I sent you the data. Ask the management to deal with them.』



「Acknowledged. I'll report it as soon as I confirm the data.」



Hearing the safety of a comrade who went in a mission to steal information from a corporation in a certain country, not just Wynn, Claudia and Anna also let out a faint sigh of relieve.



Wynn's tone became somewhat gentle and he asked 「Is there anything else?」. There, the man who was called Aziz whose voice sounded like a young man faltered slightly in hesitation, then he spoke with low voice.



『……There was, the returnees' data.』



「! ……How much?」



『Members and their family structure. Also the detail from Britain.』



Wynn spontaneously groaned.



The previous information was an information that even Wynn's group had collected to a certain degree. But, regarding the latter, currently the information gathering wasn't really progressing due to the obstruction from the intelligence department of the country in question.



He didn't know how the aforementioned corporation obtained the information, but he guessed that it must be obtained from a route that was peculiar to corporation while inside his heart he rejoiced from being able to obtain the unanticipated data.



「Aziz, you did well. We are going to scrutinize the information here right away. Their strength and also the authenticity of it are unknown. Be very careful in your return.」



『Acknowledged.』



After that Wynn cut off the call after talking about two, three more matters.



「So we obtained the information about them……let's pray that this will lead us to a better future.」



Claudia muttered with her characteristic leisurely tone. An earnestness was hidden inside her tone.



After that commotion, it was an information that Claudia and others couldn't stop wanting. However, even after they poured all their strength, not only they were unable to disclose the whole picture, they couldn't even come into contact with them. Far from that, damage even reached their important comrades as the end result.



It became prohibited to come into contact with them until a definite measure could be obtained. And now they had obtained information about them. Claudia couldn't suppress her feeling of exaltation.



「Wynn. This is a most important subject. Please be very careful in handling the obtained information okay?」



「Understood. I will immediately report to the director. At the same time, I will also increase the alert level. We wholly don't know their hand. It's unknown when they will notice that this information has leaked. And after they know, if they followed it until even us……」



Wynn shook his head. He was recalling what happened to their comrades when attempting to come into contact with them. Anna was making the same expression as though she was feeling headache and continued.



「I don't want to do it anymore you know? Work like returning the sanity of our comrades who were working hard to dig up well in a developed country, or changing job into mercenary as killing maniac who was obsessed with murdering terrorist, or joining some animal protection group and running around to search for anyone to adopt stray dogs, then bringing them back here. I thought I would get mad myself doing that.」



Anna was scrunching her face with an expression that looked like she was really hating it, or perhaps dreading it was more accurate. Her words naturally caused Claudia and Wynn to also get a faraway look from recalling their comrades who were overflowing with volunteer spirit and sense of justice in various senses at that time.



Claudia drank the herb tea to calm down her heart, then she opened her mouth 「Even so」 with a sorrowful face.



「Recently, the movement of "them" is getting increasingly active. That's why it's necessary for us to ascertain it. Just who are they. And then, whether they are the "same" with us. Perhaps there is some meaning that we obtained their information in this timing. That's what I believe. Perhaps……」



Claudia smiled faintly and spoke.



――this might be the guidance of the Lord you know?



She said.



'Perhaps that might be so', Wynn and Anna also nodded with a smile.



In the end, at that day her sleepiness was cleared up. Claudia dressed up herself, then together with the other two she began her activity in order to accomplish her duty today.



Without knowing, that unexpectedly one of "them" had already started moving.



–



–



–



A really normal house in Japan. It was a residential area, so there were a lot of similar house at the surrounding. The two vehicles lined up on the parking place in front of the house were a family car and a compact car of the types that were often seen.



That house didn't have anything particularly standing out, so it was blending well with the scenery of the residential area. However, regarding the house's residents, there was something a bit peculiar about them.



Or more accurately, it was the family's second son.



The family name written on the nameplate was――Endo.



Yes, it was the house of one of the returnees, the man who was praised by his comrades with various saying like "nonchalantly one the mankind's strongest", "recently automatic door won't react at all against that guy seriously", "you bastard, even though you already got a rabbit eared Onee-san lover, what are you doing laying your hand to a blond haired beautiful girl too huuuh, I'm gonna kill you", and so on――the home of Endo Kousuke.



Currently Kousuke was inside his room at the second floor. He was stuffing his travel baggage into his favorite rucksack that he received at the same time when he enrolled into middle school.



His personality wasn't particularly methodical, so he was only carelessly tossing in things like change of clothes and so on without folding them first.



「Ee~rr, something like this I guess? The rest can just be entered into Treasure Warehouse.」



Kousuke talked to himself while showing a thinking gesture for a bit.



The important luggage could be entered into the Treasure Warehouse that Hajime gave him, so originally he didn't even need the rucksack, but it would be odd if he was empty handed despite going abroad. There was no doubt he would get stared suspiciously by the airport staff when in the emigration and immigration check like that.



He would also need to be careful of the surrounding's attention when getting out the item he wanted from the Treasure Warehouse, so it was necessary to put some things into a rucksack to a certain degree.



「Even so, Vatican huh……first I'll enter Italia's Rome, but it will be the first time I go there, I'm feeling a bit excited.」



He recalled several things that he forgot and tossed them into his rucksack carelessly again.



「It helps that I won't meet language barrier when going abroad but……I want to go sightseeing if I'm going there anyway. ……With Rana.」



Thinking of his older lover who was an adorable rabbit eared beauty, Kousuke's expression broke into a wide grin slovenly.



Instantly, he felt a chill and his body shivered. At the end of the view that he shared with his clone, the figure of Emily-chan staring unblinking at him with pupils of just monochrome color was……



「Cough-. Now then! I finished my preparation already! Let's depart!」



He cut! Cut! CUUT! the shared field of vision. I didn't see anything at all!



Under the thinking 「Kou-kun who is the right hand man of boss also need at least seven wives who are somewhere around the world!」 of the first wife (according to the person) Rana Hauria, Emily-chan was more or less put into the position of the second wive. Such Emily-chan was really troubled sometimes.



The incident that occurred just a little while ago――the Berserk incident.



The girl who walked the path of research wholeheartedly since her childhood until now as a genius unintentionally caused that incident that was related with monster. Through that incident, the girl harbored a strong emotion of love toward Kousuke. Furthermore it was her first love.



Her feeling was strong and undoubtedly the real thing.



Thus, even after it came to light that the target of her first love Kousuke had a lover named Rana, in the end she was unable to give up. There was also how Rana herself welcomed her, and how Kousuke's clone was living together with her in the Grant family home to protect her, where the interaction between the two was deepening. Day by day her feeling was growing stronger and deeper.



The level of her worry was also increasing in proportion to that.



There was also the self-proclaimed third wife, perhaps there would really be seven people in the end……thinking a bit of his own future that he had never even imagined, Kousuke shivered slightly.



He had no self-confidence at all that it would go well like a certain demon king.



Though that demon king told him 「You can make clone, so rather you will all right even more than me right?」 while laughing loudly at him.



Kousuke thought. 'That bastard, it's completely no good to consult about love relationship to him'.



「Now then, there is also the flight schedule, let's depart soon.」



He shouldered his rucksack and exited his room. Then, at that moment,



「Wah!? Kou-nii, you were there!?」



A thin petite girl jumped from surprise.



「I'm here. I have been here all the time since morning. We ate breakfast together just now right?」



「? Did we? Well, doesn't matter.」



The petite girl who finished the talk with a practiced gesture――Endo Manami. She was Kousuke's little sister who was wearing glass with her hair worn in braids. Her age was thirteen. A first year middle schooler and a member of literary club.



While she gave off a plain impression, she was a lively girl who would talk briskly.



「Or rather, Kou-nii. What's with that luggage?」



「Aa, I'm thinking to go to Italia for a bit.」



「Aa, that's so. To Italia――wait why!? Why Italia!? Isn't that too far to say it in that tone as though you are only going for a bit to mini market!? Isn't it too sudden!?」



Manami-chan made a splendid tsukkomi while fixing her glasses' position.



There, the door of a nearby room opened and the face of a glasses young man popped out.



「Manami? What are you doing getting noisy by yourself?」



「She ain't alone. I'm here. I'll punch you, you know, Anikibig brother.」



'Ah, so you're there……' The one who was making a face like that was Endo Sousuke. The big brother of Kousuke who came of age this year. A university student who belonged to law school.



When going in a family trip or the like, Endo family was often thought to only have an older brother and a younger sister, but that was surely the fault of the glassess without a doubt, Kousuke thought.



As a test, Kousuke tried buying fashion glasses from a 100-yen store and put it on, and it wasn't like he didn't feel that the rate of him getting perceived by the surrounding was higher than usual. But he was loudly laughed by his little sister that the glasses absolutely didn't suit him in destructive level, so since then he stopped wearing it.



Kousuke's little sister and big brother were conversing 「Kou-nii said that he is going to Italia!」「Eh? When?」「Now!」「Haa!? That's too far when the mood is like 'I'm going to mini market for a bit!' isn't it!? Isn't that too sudden!?」 that caused déjà vu feeling to appear. Kousuke was listening to it while coming down to the living room.



「Tou-san, you've time?」



「H~mm♪ Hm hm~m♪」



A middle-aged man was lining up a set of fishing rod on the floor of the living room while maintaining them in a good mood――Kousuke Eiji. His age was 49 years old. A father who was working at the city hall's population department. By the way, his hobby was fishing, and he had suntan like a certain swarthy actor ○suo-san who got mentioned a lot in a certain gag. (TN: I don't get the gag reference at all here. But about the actor, search Tatsuo Umemiya)



Tatsu○-san――not, Eiji didn't even notice he was called by his son and continued to diligently maintenance his fishing rod.



It was always like this, so Kousuke shook his father's shoulder and called to him once more.



「Oou!? What is――wait, Kousuke huh. What's up, why are you carrying luggage like that? Are you going out?」



Even though he twitched from surprise, seeing his son standing beside him, Eiji tilted his head in puzzlement as though nothing happened.



Kousuke also didn't really say anything about it in a practiced response and continued his words normally.



「Yep. I'll go until Italia for a bit, so I want Tou-san to take me until airport by car.」



「Aa, until Italia huh. Got it, got it. Wait a bit――wait, really wait!? Italia!? You mean Italia, that country with delicious pizza!? Isn't it too far when your tone feel like you are just going to mini market!?」



The father got into the talk following the mood the longest, but the content of his tsukkomi also caused déjà vu.



Hearing Eiji's voice, the mother of Kousuke who was glaring at the household account book on the dining table――Endo Misato raised her face abruptly.



「Dear, don't speak loudly so suddenly like that. You will cause me to make a mistake in calculation here. Something like Italia or pizza……something like pizza is no good. Even just medium size is more than 2000 yen you know? Recently there is a lot of promo of buy one get two, but even so I won't allow such luxury in an ordinary day where we aren't celebrating anything!」



Misato-okaasan (49 years old) sharply pushed on her glasses while showing a firm rejection. She was working in the municipal tax of the city hall. She was strict with money.



「That's not it, Misato. It's Kousuke you see, he said that he is going to Italia right now.」



「Eh? Kousuke? Rather, Italia!? Right now!? What are you saying as though you are just going to a nearby mini market!? It's just too sudden right!?」



Perhaps Endo family had extraordinary interest to mini market.



Around that time Sousuke and Manami also came down to the living room. The whole family pressed the question of what Kousuke was planning to do.



Kousuke often got forgotten, but his family's love to him was genuine. Even though they were getting used of him repeatedly going afar unexpectedly, but he had already got missing once in the past. They would worry of him no matter what.



Kousuke smiled wryly whily explaining that he would go to investigate something for a bit because of the demon king――Hajime's request. Like usual, the request fee had already transferred to him to a certain degree, no, for Kousuke who had the sensibility of a common folk, it was an amount that made him shuddered. Anyway, he told his family that there was no worry about the travel expense.



「Nuu, so it's Nagumo-senpai again……」



Manami let out a conflicted groan with a somewhat conflicted expression. For her, the demon king Hajime was her sworn enemy.



Why?



Changing the topic slightly, Amanogawa Kouki had a little sister. She was close with Shizuku since her childhood. She was idolizing Shizuku very much.



In other words, she was a soul sister.



And then, that little sister was the same age with Manami. They were friend that went to the same school.



In other word, she was a soul sister.



But, why was Manami only showing a conflicted expression instead of a clear hostility like a certain kouhai-chan? That was because she had seen the sight of that certain kouhai-chan recklessly charging at the demon king Hajime when he would be thoroughly getting affectionate with her before carelessly tossing her away like an empty can or tying her on something.



……It was a secret that she felt her heart beating slightly faster seeing such sight. Manami-chan of Endo family might had the same disposition like a certain disappointing dragon.



Sousuke was also making similar conflicted expression like Manami and spoke.



「……That's, will you be all right? Before this too, there was a major disaster at Britain right?」



「Yes, well, it was terrible though. At that time because of Nagumo's request I destroyed an occult organization that tried to lay their hand on us. But after that I poked my nose into Berserk incident by my own decision, so it was me reaping what I sow about the terrible experience.」



「But still. ……Tou-san is grateful to Nagumo-kun but……even if this is his request……Kousuke, even though you finally came home safely, aren't you getting involved with dangerous things a bit too much?」



As a father, such opinion was only natural. Although she wasn't saying anything, it was clear from her expression that Misato was also thinking of the same thing.



Kousuke loosened his expression slightly seeing his parents worrying for him. However, he spoke with a determined tone.



「Certainly, I also thought just what I'm doing after I finally came home and have even decided my future aim. But, I have learned from Tortus. ――The unreasonableness won't give a second thought about our convenience or anything. If you want to have your own way in your own convenience, you mustn't back away.」



「Kousuke……」



While he was their own child, Eiji and Misato were always worrying about Kousuke whose inconspicuousness and thin presence reached to a pitiful degree, thinking 「Why?」 their son had to be like that.



Even them, his own family would sometimes put him outside of their own awareness. For a time they wondered if it was something like a curse and even made Kousuke to receive exorcism. They were grasping at straws then.



But, when they were looking at the figure of their child who was gazing at them with a strong gaze that caused them to spontaneously hold their breath, it caused them to think that perhaps Kousuke was already independent from his parents.



No, actually, they had understood it since he came home.



That the fierce experience in another world had turned their son into an adult. Even if it was something that their hand couldn't reach, Kousuke alone, or perhaps together with his comrades had already became able to accomplish anything.



Eiji and Misato's atmosphere became somewhat solemn. And then, seeing his big brother would go far away, Manami who was making a slightly lonely expression closed her mouth. The living room became quiet, however, the eldest son broke the silence 「Keh」 somehow peevishly.



「It doesn't really matter anyway where will Kousuke go and what he do. After all he is just going to cajole some beautiful girl or woman again anywy!」



「A, aniki? Are you, sulking?」



「Shut up! Don't you understand your Nii-chan's feeling!? My feeling when my little brother introduced to me his lover, a transcendentally beautiful Onee-san and a genuine bunny girl! What's more this bastard! A few months after that introduction, the next time it were a younger blond haired beautiful girl and a cool beauty who is an active duty investigator!? Is it harem!? It's harem isn't it, this bastard!」



「N, no, Emily and Vanessa are, still not like……」



「Still! You said still just now, this damn asshole-. Even this time, it will be just like Rana-san said anyway, you are going to get one of your seven wives who are somewhere in the world right!? Nii-chan will breakdown mentally if I don't prepare my heart beforehand, so you can leave and don't go home for at least half a year!」



The glasses university student Sousuke-niisan who even now looked like he was going to cry with tears of blood.



Due to Kousuke and Rana's request, before this Hajime had called Rana to earth several times when it was time for "gate opening".



In preparation for the meeting with Kousuke's family, Rana learned Hauria-style secret skill "The - Normal Behavior That is Typically Japanese" with desperation and she safely got herself accepted as the fiancée of Endo family's second son, but……



To be to the point, Rana was a beauty. She had a style that was genuinely well-proportioned (body 8 times longer than head), she had splendid twin hills, and while she had the look of a beautiful woman, she also possessed the cuteness of someone playful, and then there was her wagging rabbit ears and rabbit tail.



Her age was 22 years old, so even from Sousuke's view point Rana was a "rabbit eared Onee-san",



Such girl was repressing her Hauria's nature (chuunibyoueighth grade syndrome) and greeted Kousuke's family with a graceful atmosphere like a Yamato Nadeshiko.



Naturally,



「The history of not having girlfriend = the age. Sou-nii is jelly.」



「You shut up there, little sis!」



「Last week too he confessed to a senpai in his circle and met honorable defeat. How sad~」



「How did you know!?」



Like that Sousuke-niisan sunk into jealousy and sadness.



Of course, he understood that his little brother reached where he was as the result of a fierce experience. He properly felt happy for his brother.



But, however, still.



If it was just a rabbit eared Onee-san as a lover, he could still bear it.



But of all things, his little brother, the damned bastard further brought home a blonde haired beautiful girl and a cool beauty, and in the end even the rabbit eared Onee-san also recognized the two as second and third wives.



Putting aside the cool beauty who was a bit strange, the lovable and wholehearted appeal 「I love Kousuke!」 of the blond haired beautiful girl, and the appeal of her wish to be accepted by Kousuke's family too……



Surely that girl was desperately learning Japanese language, she was desperately appealing with Japanese language that was still choppy and awkward, in the middle she would also add body gesture and hand gesture with great fluster, however, she would get teary eye because she felt that what she wanted to say didn't really get conveyed to the other party, even so, she wouldn't give up and bravely continued. For Sousuke-niisan, such girl was exactly in his strike zone.



Naturally, the source of motivation for such effort of the girl was wholly because of the depth of her feeling toward her little brother Kousuke though.



Because of that, the honest and unvarnished feeling of the university student who was unable to make a girlfriend would be 「DAMN IT ALLLLLLLLL-, I'M DEATHLY JEALOUS HEREEEEEEE-」 in respond.



By the way, Eiji and Misato were possessor of extremely normal Japanese sensibility where it was hard to accept something like having multiple lovers. In addition they were also extremely pleased with Rana, so it was thought that they would surely show disapproval toward the existence of Emily (+Vanessa), but……



It seemed Emily's panicked figure that was desperately appealing to Kousuke's parents shot them right in the heart, and at the end they completely accepted her.



Of course, Manami was also accepting the situation. For Manami who loved reading book and light novel and could be somewhat categorized as an otaku, the real harem of her actual big brother seemed to be a target of her excitement.



She was especially attached with Vanessa who was an active duty investigator of the national security bureau. It seemed she felt sympathy and admiration to her.



Kousuke would feel a touch anxious when he saw the figure of his little sister whose eyes would sparkle brightly for some reason each time Vanessa whispered sneakily into her ear. If by any chance his little sister received bad influence from DanessaNo good-Vanessa……he was resolved with the preparedness to use even the "Staking the Pride of Villager".



Back to the topic.



Kousuke was smiling wryly at the conversation of his big brother and little sister. He then turned his gaze back to Eiji.



「Well, anyway, it'll be great if Nagumo take care of everything, but if that guy told me "do it", furthermore if it's something related to me and my friends, then I've gotta act.」



Kousuke acted like it really couldn't be helped, but pride and self-confidence could be peeked somewhere in his expression.



――The right hand man of the demon king



It was unknown who was the one who started saying that, but it was one of the title that his comrades fixed on Kousuke. The man who that Nagumo Hajime relied on the most other than his wive~s, because in reality, no matter what kind of situation it was he would came out with result before anyone knew it.



The trust from his comrades and the achievement he accomplished himself gave self-confidence and pride to Kousuke. His face was without a doubt not that of a child but the face of a competent man.



With a small voice Manami muttered 「If Sou-nii can also make that kind of face, he would be able to make at least a girlfriend, and yeet」, 「I can hear you, you know? ……Whe, when I become a working adult, even I can」 while Sousuke muttered such thing. Eiji and Misato glanced at the two briefly before they looked at each other with a wry smile. They then nodded to each other.



「Got it. Airport right? Let's go right away. You already got a plane?」



「I ordered from internet already. There are still three hours, so we will make it if we depart now.」



Eiji asked while tidying up his fishing set. Kousuke thanked his father while answering.



「If that's the case then Okaa-san will also go to see you off.」



「Ah, then me too! Kou-nii is going to Italia alone, so let's go somewhere too when we go home!」



「Kousuke. Give some pocket money to your pitiful Nii-chan.」



Misato and Manami immediately started preparing. And then, Sousuke-niisan who immediately threw away his pride and pestered for a pocket money.



Kousuke had already left some money for his family from the payment he earned from the demon king's request, so he ignored his big brother.



Like that, Endo family that finished their preparation together boarded their family car that the loan they still hadn't finished paying, then……



*kyuru kyuru kyuru kyuru-*



「Eh? Strange……」



The engine of Endo family car wouldn't start. Sousuke-niisan pondered and spoke.



「Perhaps the battery ran out? It got used a lot for the light and heating when fishing yesterday.」



「H~m, I think that it should be fine though.」



The engine wouldn't start no matter how many times Eiji tried to turn the key. Eiji came down from the car and opened the car hood. Manami who also came down suddenly turned her gaze up after hearing a sound that pierced the ear and she got taken aback.



*Kaaa! Kaaa! Kaaa!*



「Wai-, isn't there a lot of crows there? It's scary……」



「Uwah, it's unpleasant.」



When Kousuke also looked up like the others, he saw there a lot of crows flying around. Even though the weather wasn't cloudy and it also still wasn't evening, but the sky looked somewhat gloomy.



「Hey, dear. How about trying to charge the battery from my car?」



「I guess……. Wait for a bit. I'll bring the cable now.」



Eiji walked to behind the Endo family car to take out the tool box. There, when he was traversing there……



*Nyaa~~*



「……A black cat.」



A black cat was staring fixedly at Endo papa, then it purred once more before running away.



「Say, how about we just go using Kaa-san's car? It will be a bit cramped but, I won't be there at the return trip anyway.」



Kousuke did his best to calm his heart while giving suggestion to depart quickly.



Thinking that his suggestion had merit, Eiji looked toward Misato. Misato nodded and put her hand on the door of her compact car. And then,



「Eh? No way-, the wheel is deflated!」



Looking closer, one of the front wheels had become flat. It seemed it had stepped on something and throughout last night the air was coming out from it.



「Ee……wait a second. Why are all our transportation methods are getting total annihilation――」



'At this timing!' Surely Kousuke was going to say that.



However, his words were interrupted.



By the sound of *snap-*.



Everyone's gazes were directed at the source of the sound――at the feet of Kousuke.



They splendidly snapped. The shoe strings. Both of the shoes.



「「「「「……」」」」」



――*Kaaaa! Kaaaa! Kaaaa!*



――*Nyaaa~~*



Manami spoke to Kousuke with a relatively grave expression.



「……Kou-nii. Are you going to die?」



If Kousuke departed like this…



Cold sweat was trickling from Kousuke's forehead.



Eiji, Misato, and then Sousuke too, they were sending him expression that seemed to want to say 「As expected, just cancel it!」.



Kousuke silently made his Treasure Warehouse shined. What came out were his spare shoes. This time it wasn't the type that used shoestring, but belt type shoes.



「Hey, Kousuke――」



「Don't say it, Tou-san. Unreasonableness, has to be fought without backing away!」



――*Kaaaa! Kaaaa! Kaaaa!*



――*Nyaaa~~*



――*Gurururururu-*



No, this wasn't a talk about unreasonableness anymore……



Ignoring his family who seemed to want to say that, Kousuke straddled Misato's granny bike with a severe expression.



And then,



「Then, I'm going!」



Kousuke dashed on granny bike while doing a wheelie from the momentum. While the countless crows and black cats, and then some stray dogs that were there when they noticed were crying out, a strangely sticky wind was blowing with Kousuke's departure.



Most likely, by making use of his thin shadow that wouldn't be perceived by anyone, midway Kousuke would surely rampage by doing "E.T" and the like, so even though he wasn't using car he would make it just barely in time to the airport.



「Kou-nii, will he be really fine?」



The hero who started his excessively ominous journey on a granny bike……



In respond to Manami's anxious voice, Eiji and Misato and Sousuke nodded in agreement.



–



AN: Thank you very much for reading this every time.



Thank you very much too for the thoughts, opinions, and reports about misspelling and omitted words.



This is the beginning of Abyss Lord's Vatican chapter.



Although, honestly I have no confidence that I will be able to write it strongly like the previous times.



And so, I'm thinking to write the story about ten chapters in the shape of a long part within the After.



Best regards!





Chapter 301




–



Fresh aroma and faint steam were drifting inside the living room where the morning sunlight was shining in.



「Kousuke-kun. You want one more glass?」



「Ah, thank you.」



The one who was smiling faintly while pouring the after meal tea into the held out cup was Sophie Grant. Emily's mother.



Her almond-shaped eyes that closely resembled cat were exactly like Emily to the degree it would make anyone thought in acceptance that indeed, the two of them were mother and daughter.



Although, her atmosphere was different from Emily. She was very gentle. She wasn't the type with strong self-assertion and unyielding will which would be expressed through her eyes, the sharp look of her eyes gave the impression of deep thought that would see through the genuineness of something when her eyes were narrowed quietly.



She had retired currently, but her former occupation as accountant certainly felt like it suited her.



「Oi oi, Emily. Isn't it fine even if it's your mother who is serving second serving of tea, it's nothing much. Stop getting offended by trivial matter.」



「Yo, you are wrong! Don't say something strange father!」



The father, Carl was smiling wryly at Emily who was puffing out her cheeks 「Mumu-」 when seeing the sight of Kousuke getting tea poured by her mother personally. He said to her some remonstrating words.



Carl was also someone with gentle personality. His glossy blonde hair that didn't show his age seemed to be inherited by Emily. Sophie was also blond haired, but if it had to be said, Emily's hair was closer to Carl's hair.



By the way, Carl's occupation was a restaurant owner that had several branches within the country. He himself was a cook, but right now he was mostly focusing on management.



Although, his skill was the real deal. Even Kousuke who was currently freeloading in a household of Britain that was often ridiculed as the country with worst cooking had his evaluation overturned by the delicious dishes he was treated with everyday.



Emily had also received the initiation in cooking from the pro cook Carl since she was little. Recently she was especially passionate in learning, so she was good in cooking. For Kousuke, Emily's pie dishes were masterpiece.



「What are you saying, Carl? Emily also has powerful love rival. If she want to become Kousuke's number one, then she mustn't let any chance go no matter how trivial. You see, man is creature that is weak against devoted woman.」



The one who said that while elegantly sipping tea with a faint smile was Sierra Grant.



She was suffering from Alzheimer, but right now she was lucid. Perhaps it was Grant family's trait, because Sierra also had a determined almond-shaped eyes, but even her eyelids that previously were mostly closed were wide open right now.



「No, mother-in-law. Telling such graphic talk in front of the people themselves is……」



「Carl, you are really timid no matter what. If you are a father, then you should support your daughter's battle.」



「No, that's an exaggeration, calling it a battle.」



「It's a battle right? Love is war. Without the spirit of charging forward, how will a girl make the man they are in love with into theirs.」



'Uu', father Carl was lost for words. He was basically unable to go against Sierra, and it wasn't just because he was her son-in-law.



Unyielding, hating to lose, with a strong will that was like steel. Those were the nature of the grandmother of Grant family.



Without a doubt Emily's inside was similar with her grandmother. She was still immature and would immediately get teary eyed, she hadn't gotten out from the stage of putting up a false courage or simply being obstinate, but the strength of will that allowed her to run through to the end of the Berserk incident was surely inherited from Sierra.



That scene that was like in the past of her father getting talked down by her grandmother in her healthy state made Emily smiled warmly and muttered.



「Fufu, grandma, you've gotten completely better. ……This too is thanks to Kousuke.」



「I'm just the intermediary. The one who did it was Nagumo……no, it was Shirasaki who did it directly.」



「Certainly that's so, I'm also grateful to Kaori-san, and also to the de, de-de, demon king-sama but……it was Kousuke who connected us.」



After the Berserk incident, Kousuke asked for a little favor to Hajime.



Yes, it was a request that asked whether Sierra who was afflicted by Alzheimer could be healed.



It was hard to heal a disease like Alzheimer that destroyed cerebral nerves and making the whole brain atrophying even if they used magic medicine. But, Nagumo family possessed a cheat technique. Yes, it was regeneration magic.



The subjugation of Alzheimer disease was also one of Emily's life works. Be that as it may, it was still a long way off until she could genuinely research the magic medicine in Tortus and the like.



Even if Emily was going to research remedy that could be used at earth for the sake of everybody, couldn't at least her relative get saved first, Kousuke requested.



From Emily's point of view, actually she wished to heal Sierra with her own hand, but thinking of the disease progression, it wasn't the time for being obstinate.



Like that, Emily too went to greet the demon king-sama which doubled as making request too, but……



Kousuke and Emily who recalled the first meeting with demon king family was,



「……It was, a sad event huh.」



「u!? I'm sorry that I messed up! But, if possible please don't recall iiitt!」



Emily-chan put her feet on the chair, held down her head with her hands, and became small.



However, even though she put up the charis○ guard, the spear of recollection couldn't be blocked.



Just what blunder Emily had made?



If here the mental state of Emily who resolved herself to have an audience with the demon king family had to be alluded, at that time she was extremely nervous. After all, she would meet the mastermind of that "sky *chudon* with one phone call incident".



Furthermore she was told that even Kousuke who went through Lord Abyssgate transformation wasn't a match against that person. So to speak, she was going to meet Kousuke's boss.



Inside Emily-chan's head was filled to the brim with the scene of a certain Drago○ Quest's great demon king laughing loudly with evil expression inside the demon king castle.



And then, to make it worse, the atmosphere of the demon king house was a bit high tensioned. After all, from Hajime's position it was a situation that exactly felt like "Comrade♪ Comrade♪".



And then, thinking how Kousuke would become Hauria's clan head in the dawn of his marriage with Rana, that mean his wives would become a new Hauria family member, so naturally Shia's tension was also rising.



Lured by the two with high tension, the other wive~s were also getting high tensioned, and eventually they went 「If we are going to meet anyway, then let's answer their expectation and act appropriately like demon king gang!」 and set up a meeting with excessive drama.



「No, that was something that couldn't be helped. Rather, obviously it was Nagumo and others who were in the wrong with their excessive drama and mischief. Even though we were coming to visit normally, why was there a signboard of 『Human, if thou wish to have your wish granted, show me how you overcome the trial!』 at the entrance, what's more when we entered into the entranceway, the place became a dungeon. Anyone will normally get shaking in their boots.」



「Vanessa was really delighted though.」



Yes, demon king-san's mischievous drama――when someone passed through the entranceway of Nagumo house, it would become imitation Raisen Labyrinth~♪. (It was at the level of amusement park's attraction in hard mode. There was no danger involved.)



Specifically, the person entering the entrance would be send to the training artifact, the game world. At the real world, Kousuke, Emily, and also Vanessa who skipped work for the sake of meeting the demon king-sama were collapsing limply at the entrance.



According to Hajime, 「No, you see, it seems they were eager to meet with demon king, so I thought that I will prepare the trials that are appropriate for demon king until they reach the end. I'm being considerate you know?」 something like that……



Putting aside Vanessa who was absurdly delighted, Emily was teary eyed from start to end, but she cleared it somehow with her characteristic obstinacy and her hate of losing.



Like that inside the throne room of the demon king castle that they finally reached in the game, demon king Hajime who was standing with overwhelming pressure, Yue-sama who was forming the dark clouds and lightning dragon, Tio who was surrounding the throne in dragon form, Kaori who was floating midair with black wings like a fallen angel, the masked pink who was looking up to the sky, and others were waiting with deep atmosphere. Seeing the demon king family, Emily-chan's eyes finally rolled back showing the white of her eyes and her consciousness flew away.



Emily-chan who returned to reality opened her eyes in the living room of the Nagumo house, then she saw Hajime who was saying 「Haha, that was a great reaction you showed there」 in a good mood, and also Kousuke who was protesting 「You overdid it you idiot!」 to such Hajime, and she felt very relieved……



*Trickle trickle trickle trickle~*



And she messed up.



The violent shame that was assaulting Emily after the relieve caused her to start crying 'waah waah'. Seeing such Emily, as expected even Hajime thought that he overdid it.



It caused the strange occurrence of the demon king-sama desperately soothing 「It's fine you know~, it's not scary at all~. Loo~k, there is only normally virtuous Japanese person who you can find anywhere here」 while apologizing.



In addition, Yue and others, the wive~s also joined altogether with the soothing after participating in something that created a black history that was too harsh for a girl.



The aftermath of Emily's blunder was also cleaned up in a flash using magic, the adult version Yue gently embraced Emily, Shia caressed her while going 'good girl good girl', Kaori and Shizuku feed her 'aa~n' with sweet confections, Myuu and Remia also talked to her kindly. Only then Emily finally got back to her feet.



……Most likely, other than Emily, there was nobody else outside the family who ever got pampered gently and considerately until that much by Nagumo family.



「We, well, as the result grandma was healed free of charge……when I tried talking to them everyone was really kind……I'm not, bo, bothered anymore by that!」



Emily-chan acted bravely. She was bothered, every time she saw Hajime she would be absurdly tense. The only salvation was that she was completely opening her heart toward Shia who was especially considerate toward her because she would join the clan.



「Even if you say that, Nagumo and others too are really off from common sense. Emily, tell me properly if something happen okay?」



Surely Hajime too would think 「I don't want the lord telling me anything about common sense」, and even Emily herself would surely think 「Kousuke too feels like that in general……」, but the one who was there was the maiden in love Emily-chan.



She was a simple heroine who easily blushed red just from the gentle and considerate words.



Her cheeks reddened, her eyes softened from happiness, and she spoke 「Yes……I'll tell Kousuke properly」 bashfully.



Seeing Emily staring still at him happily like that, Kousuke too also scratch his cheek shyly……



「My, there is no need for worry looking at this isn't it?」



「Sheesh Emily, she really loves Kousuke-kun.」



「……That small Emily, is already gone.」



The earnest words and expressions of the family caused Emily to return to her senses in surprise and she turned bright red.



To divert the attention she hurriedly tried to brew a new pot of tea and reached out her hand toward the pot. She was too flustered that she almost fell. Without delay Kousuke followed up on her. He supported her with his hand on top of Emily's hand. Emily-chan got even redder innocently.



It was a heartwarming morning of Grant family. Today Carl also had holiday, so it was a really calm atmosphere.



But, at that time, Kousuke suddenly went 「Hm? This presence is……」 and turned his gaze to the entrance.



Right after that, *bang* the Grant house's door was opened.



「GOOD MO~~~~~~~~RNING-! Kousuke-san! Your Vanessa has arrived!」



「Go home. Rather go back into soil.」



The one who leaped inside in "banzai" pose with a smart suits appearance was the investigator of Britain national security bureau, Vanessa Paradis. Her appearance was a cool beauty with very short hair, but like this she possessed an extremely disappointing personality.



She was a genuine otaku who boasted that her bible was Japanese manga. And then, she was the self-proclaimed "Kousuke-san's third wife".



Vanessa wasn't perturbed at all even against Kousuke's sharp remark. She sat down on a chair with familiar attitude as though it was her own house.



'I am Kousuke-san's wife. In other word, I am also Doctor Emily's relative = a member of Grant family. Any problem?' That was Vanessa's claim.



※After the Berserk incident, Vanessa who called Emily as "Doctor Grant" now called her as "Doctor" or "Doctor Emily". Doctor was doctor, so she wouldn't stop calling her doctor it seemed.



「Good morning Vanessa-san. Have you eaten breakfast?」



「Good morning Sophie-san. Also everyone too. Sophie-san, I haven't eaten breakfast yet. I'm hungry.」



The shameless Danessa-san gazed at Sophie with wanting eyes. The cool beauty at the beginning was nowhere to be found.



Sophie chuckled and headed to the kitchen in order to prepare the breakfast share for Danessa.



「And, what's the matter Vanessa? How is your work? Don't tell me, you aren't neglecting your work again aren't you?」



「Seriously, you are going to get fired at this rate. Recently the chief would contact me without fail when she cannot find you anywhere. Try to be at my position where every time I had to listen to that person's chilly voice.」



Emily who was asking while brewing the tea for Vanessa and Kousuke who was giving candid advice with reproachful eyes.



Vanessa's expression changed as though she really wanted to say 「How vexing!」 and gulped her tea. It seemed she liked the taste, her mouth burst slightly into a smile before she spoke the objective of her visit.



「I'm not coming here for playing. Kousuke-san, we wish to at least be informed when his majesty the demon king came. He came yesterday correct? The chief sent me here, telling me to ask about that matter.」



「Eh? It's amazing that it was noticed. Even though he teleported directly inside the house and then left by teleporting again.」



Hajime teleported directly in consideration so that the bodyguards from the security bureau living around the house wouldn't be spooked. And yet the security bureau also couldn't be underestimated seeing how it was exposed to them like this. Kousuke's eyes widened in admiration.



「From that reaction, as expected his majesty visited here isn't it?」



「Geh, so that was a trap question.」



「Yes. Actually there was a sighting report from another place. It seems that person burned down a part of a forest, our office grasped the information from that commotion.」



「Just what is that guy doing today right after yesterday!? Or rather, what happened!?」



Yesterday Hajime said that he had date with Shia so he left the rest to Kousuke before leaving. It seemed after that he burned down a part of forest in the northern Britain.



Emily-chan was trembling heavily with teary eyes just from listening to the story. Even Carl and Sierra who were acquainted with Hajime said 「Uwaa」 with a creeped out look.



「The possibility is extremely high that person will contact Kousuke-san if he is in Britain, that's why, why did he burn the forest, what is he planning in this country? Now, Kousuke-san. ――Please spit it out.」



「Why am I interrogated!? I don't know anything!」



「No way……. You promised the chief right? That you will report it when doing something in this country. The chief thought that there must be a reason that Kousuke-san didn't call, so I was expressly dispatched here like this, and yet, this is horrible. The salmon sandwich I bought while going to work for my breakfast got thrown into shredding machine before I could eat it and then I got chased out right from the morning to come here. Please talk in deference to such me.」



「No seriously. Certainly that guy came here yesterday, but it was for different matter. I haven't got any idea at all why he would do arson. Also the chief, she is seriously merciless toward Vanessa huh.」



Kousuke raised a dry laugh.



By the way, the shredding machine of security bureau that Chief Magadanese was personally supervising would shred anything.



Whether it was important documents, or Vanessa's rabbit ears hair band, or Allen's smartphone, or Vanessa's santa hat, or Allen's specially made alloy metal chip that was stuffed with the bureau's female members' information, or Vanessa's bible, or the expensive tribute ring that Allen prepared for 「I don't know when the ideal woman who I should give this to will appear after all!」, or even Vanessa's salmon sandwich, the shredding machine could turn anything and everything into pieces in one go.



Recently in the security bureau, it was repeated occurrence that each time the shredding machine was making *whir whir* sound, the bureau members would twitch and tremble, wondering just whose thing was being shredded this time……



The prided iron woman of Britain mustn't be angered.



The shredding machine of the national security bureau chief-sama was in the process of turning into her symbol.



Kousuke coughed and told Vanessa of Hajime's objective for coming here and his request.



It was at that timing that Sophie finished making breakfast and brought it to the living room, so Vanessa was listening while eating with sparkling eyes.



The crunchy and savory bread, the melting syrupy butter. The fluffy scramble egg, the crispy and juicy bacon. The golden colored vegetable soup that was warming the body until the core……



「……Vanessa, are you listening?」



「Yhes? Ih'm hislening yhou nhow? Fhlease, honcinyu」



Munch munch, munch munch, hafuu~ delish-!



The way she was eating made Kousuke doubted whether she was really listening but, 'well fine' Kousuke continued his explanation.



When the explanation was over, Vanessa was also wiping her mouth clean with a napkin at the same time.



「I see. Kousuke-san is receiving another troublesome request with that. Ah, Sophie-san, thank you for the breakfast. It was really delicious.」



「Every time I see it Vanessa-san is always eating with gusto. It makes me feel good seeing you eat happily like that.」



「I've shown you something embarrassing. Because of the bureau's duty, it became a habit to eat quickly no matter what. I am thinking that I should fix this habit, but the meal was delicious that I unconsciously……」



「You are an investigator of the security bureau. Your body is the asset for your work, so don't be reserved, come anytime to eat okay?」



Based from that warm and fluffy conversation, on the contrary of her words, it seemed that she cared more about "Grant family's breakfast" than "investigation toward Vatican". As expected, perhaps this SOUSAKANinvestigator was beyond saving already.



「Vanessa……you, are you coming for eating breakfast or for work, just which one it is huh.」



「A superior investigator like me is able to do both simultaneously.」



「Is that so……」



Kousuke could only send a fixed stare at Vanessa who said that with a sharp expression.



「However, if that person's incident is unrelated with this then……I'm beaten. We are completely unable to grasp his trail after the forest arson. Was there no contact from that person after that?」



「No, I didn't receive any call. I'll try asking him for a bit just what is he doing.」



Kousuke called Hajime from the smartphone that was prepared for the clone in Grant house. However, there was only the announcement of 'signal doesn't reach~' coming and the call didn't connect.



「It cannot connect……. It's a rare chance where that person is in our country, so the chief said that she wish to use this chance to give her greeting no matter what though……」



「No, it's better to stop that. After all, he is in the middle of date with Shia-san.」



「That's……certainly.」



「Well, the plan for the conference at Japan is still not realized yet, so it's not like I don't understand the chief's feeling.」



「Yes. How the Grant family went to Japan by themselves unnoticed also caused the chief to feel plainly shocked. This matter is pretty much determined to be the matter of highest priority, so if that person just give the OK, the chief is planning to match that person's convenience as much as possible and head there immediately.」



「Nagumo too is busy with various things after all. It's sad that this matter for that guy isn't that high in his priority.」



For Hajime, there wasn't much merit for him to have connection with Britain's security bureau. If it was about connection, then it was enough to just go through Kousuke. Hajime was entrusting Kousuke with that responsibility.



And so, Hajime's priority was his own project and the simplification of the gate to go to Tortus, then the troublesome matter that was actually befalling him……it would be great if it was something like that, but for Hajime this matter was at the level of happy family activity > meeting with the chief-san.



So far as it went, Hajime himself too had set up a day several times where it was convenient for him, but the timing was bad and it was Chief Magdanese who was unable to match the schedule no matter what at those occasions.



After all, the connection with Hajime would only be in her position as the security bureau chief, she wouldn't be acting as the representative of Britain government. If she carelessly spread the connection with Nagumo family and some fellow who meddled with them appeared, that would affect the national security with certainty.



Within her overlapping busy schedules, Chief Magdanese had to act in a way where her surrounding wouldn't suspect her, what's more she had to be absolutely secretive before she could go outside the country for the conference with the demon king.



Because of that, the schedules of the two sides kept missing each other, and the current situation was where there was still no prospect for the conference.



「It can't be helped. I'll report to the chief exactly what I'm told here. Although, we will want to hear about the circumstance of the arson, so if that person contact, will Kousuke-san please notify us?」



「Hm, well, I'll do that. As expected, I'm also curious.」



When the talk came to a stop, Vanessa more or less also had the self-awareness that she was in the middle of work, so she stood up from her seat. She was planning to quickly return to the bureau and gave her report.



「Regarding Vatican, I don't think that we will be able to be of assistance, but just in case, I'll report this to the chief too. Also, if it's information regarding company, we too are able to get our hand on it easily, so if we understand something from our side, we will notify you.」



「About the company, it seems Nagumo will take care of it himself so I think it will be fine but……I guess. I'll depend on you.」



Vanessa nodded, then she said 「Well then everyone, let's meet again at dinner」 full of motivation to pester for dinner while leaving.



But, at that timing, Kousuke's expression suddenly stiffened and he stopped moving.



「Kousuke? What's the matter? Have you snapped seeing Vanessa's shamelessness?」



Emily tilted her head and asked. But, Kousuke didn't react even to her question. He was staring still at empty air without a single twitch.



「Kousuke-san?」



「Oi oi, just what's the matter?」



The expression of Vanessa and Carl became dubious. Sophie and Sierra were also gradually looking worried.



「He, hey, Kousuke? What's wrong? Answer me, please!」



Emily's voice finally turned anxious while her hands were shaking Kousuke's shoulders.



There Kousuke's gaze finally moved toward Emily as though he finally came back to life and he opened his mouth.



「-, there was a bit of something with my real body. Right now, he is around Vatican's……perhaps it's a library or a monastery I think but……it exploded a bit.」



It seemed something happened with the real body. His words were a bit ambiguous because he instantly saw Emily's expression and so he spoke in a way to not worry her excessively.



Though it seemed that it brought the opposite effect. For Emily and others it instead became the basis of imagination of a serious situation. Everyone's expression was tense from the sudden serious atmosphere that visited.



Although, this was about Kousuke. From the point of view of Emily and others, he was the fantasy strongest hero that was outside common sense. There was no way anything bad would happen to him.



And so, they were watching Kousuke's condition with a vaguely optimistic feeling, but……



That feeling was literally pulverized like illusion.



「-!? What!? Red mist!? Is it poison gas!? Shit-, it's one thing after another!」



Perhaps Kousuke had no leeway to really control the clone. Most likely, the clone was tracing the words from the real body as they were, conveying the urgent situation.



And then, time flowed for a bit with the situation still being unknown……



Suddenly, the clone body slipped out a faint words with his gaze still directed at empty air.



――Sorry, for making a stupid choice



Surely those words weren't something that Kousuke actually wanted to convey to Emily and others through his clone. Surely, it was the feeling inside his heart leaking out.



With that small voice as the last, Kousuke――



Vanished.



「Eh?」



It was the dumbfounded voice of Emily. Her expression said that she didn't understand at all what happened.



But, the reality was right before her eyes.



No, there was none.



Kousuke, the clone of Kousuke who was always beside her, had vanished.



「Eh? Eh? Kou, suke?」



There was no one who responded even when she called.



Her mind was still unable to catch up with the reality.



Because this was strange. Kousuke's clone body was excellent. As long as it wasn't lethally wounded or Kousuke himself still existed, it wouldn't vanish that easily.



And then, the clone body in this Grant house was for Emily's protection. Even though he had to hold the burden that couldn't be made light of from the routine magic power consumption, Kousuke had never erase this clone body no matter what.



Therefore, in other words, this was……



The proof that "something" happened to Kousuke that caused him to be unable to maintain his clone body.



「–!!!? Kousuke! Kousuke-!!」



Emily whose thought finally reached that stage became panicked and raised her voice.



「-. Please calm down, doctor!」



「There is no way I can calm down! Kousuke is-, something happened to Kousuke!」



Seeing Emily who completely lost herself, Vanessa who was also stiffening seemed to recover her calm slightly instead.



She strongly grasped the shoulders of the deranged Emily who was shaking her head in denial and,



「EMILY GRANT-!!!」



「――」



She called her name strongly. As though to make her came back to her senses.



Emily twitched in reaction to the voice of Vanessa that was filled with dominating aura. After that the focus of her eyes was finally returning.



「Vanessa……」



「Please calm down. Doctor Emily, nothing will be solved even if you panic.」



The expression and voice of the cool-headed and professional Vanessa that she met at the very beginning made Emily to recover her calm for sure this time.



Emily took a deep breath. She sent Vanessa a gaze with eyes that had recovered their strong radiance and she opened her mouth.



「Vanessa, what do you think we should do?」



Vanessa nodded once toward those words. While Sophie, Carl, and also Sierra were staring at Vanessa with held breath, she answered.



「What we know right now is that Kousuke-san's main body is at Vatican, and something happened there. And then there is high possibility that even the common tourists are witnessing that "something".」



「Ah, I see. Kousuke said that he was around a place like Vatican's library or monastery before.」



Carl and others also hummed in agreement and continued.



「He also said something about explosion. The Vatican garden adjacent to it is a tourist attraction. Although it can be visited only on a subscription basis, at this time there should be some tourist there.」



「It's something so great that make Kousuke-kun lost composure. It could be, that the tourists at the cathedral, the plaza, or the art museum also noticed the explosion.」



「I see. What Vanessa-san wish to say is that gathering information is simple, isn't that right?[



'Exactly', Vanessa nodded. Before long the commotion that occurred in Vatican would surely got broadcasted. At the very least, the objective fact of "An explosion occurred inside Vatican" should be reported grandly. If they coordinated with the intelligence department, they should be able to obtain quite a lot of information.



「Anyway, I will report to the chief. If it's the chief, she will surely obtain information somehow about what happened to Kousuke-san. Although, personally I'm not that worried. Even if he is unable to maintain his clone, if it's that Kousuke-san then he will surely get in touch with us no matter what kind of situation it is.」



「……Yes. Yes, you're right, Vanessa!」



This was the hero that they believed in. He was going to be absolutely all right. Yes, she strongly believed that.



「The problem was at our side instead. I think it will be all right but, now that the absolute protector Kousuke-san is gone, what's going to happen to Grant family……」



「Is there a possibility of us getting targeted?」



Vanessa shook her head at Carl's question that was asked with a grave voice.



「No, currently there is no sign of anything like that. Just as we told you all some time ago, we made it so everyone thought that the Berserk incident has come to an end, there is no problem. Although, there is something on my mind. The reason Kousuke-san headed to Vatican.」



「……It was because Vatican is gathering information of returnees.」



「Yes. And then, there is the uproar this time. It will be fine if this is just me over thinking it but, we shouldn't be taking an optimistic view. Doctor, also everyone else too. I recommend everyone to evacuate temporarily to the security bureau for the time being.」



Certainly, if this was a case that was related with the returnees, not just Kousuke, even Grant family that was connected with Nagumo family which was the core of the returnees might get affected in some way. Such possibility couldn't be said to not exist.



Till the end it was only at the level of "just in case", but nothing could beat being prepared.



「Yes. I agree with Vanessa's suggestion. It also seems like the information about Kousuke will reach the security bureau faster, it will be smoother to rely on the security bureau's strength to decide how we should act from here on.」



「……You're right. There is also the chance of the worst case. Vanessa-san, my apologize but can we depend on you?」



「Of course. I will also contact the bodyguards at the vicinity, everyone please make your preparation.」



Vanessa who was taking action promptly was an active elite investigator who was excellent as expected. She made calls one after another, reported to Chief Magdanese too, and concluded the arrangement quickly.



Like that, several bodyguards from security bureau who were living around Grant house gathered, pretending that they would have a fun outing together with neighbors to deepen their relationship. It looked like they were clamorously enjoying themselves if seen from the side, however they were nervous inside their heart. The group departed toward the security bureau.



–



–



–



A virtuous looking man who was watering the garden in front of a certain house, a male worker who was cleaning the street, an old man walking his dog, a young woman jogging――they were staring fixedly at the cars procession of Emily and others.



–



AN: Thank you very much for reading this every time.



Thank you very much too for the thoughts, opinions, and reports about misspelling and omitted words.



For some reason it became like the latter part of prologue.



The story doesn't progress, I'm sorry (sweat)



There were a lot of questions in the review column, so I'll explain.



About the timeline of the school trip, I'm thinking to make the school trip arc to happen after the Vatican arc.



And so, about the little girl onmyouji (?) who appeared for a bit, Kousuke hasn't meet her yet.



I'm thinking to write it someday, so at that time it will help if you readers think of it as happening after Vatican arc.



–



PS



Thank you very much for the many suggestion for Fleur Knights candidates!



'Ah, come to think of it…' There are also characters who I noticed like that, they are greatly of use as reference.



I want to introduce the rank eight and ninth when I'm writing about Fleur Knights again.



Also, from the review, I noticed that the previous chapter was the 300th chapter.



Thank you very much for the congratulating comment!



–



PS2



Just in case, I also wrote this at the beginning of the previous arc, so please pay attention.



This work is――fiction! It's completely unrelated with actual organization, country, or institution!



Vatican came out here, but it's the Vatican of fiction world.



Please be understanding even if facility or section that originally doesn't exist in reality appear.



Please be so kind to put on your mind filter.

