It seemed she wanted to win against Myuu in that kind of meaning too.



Certainly, the chocolates that were modeled after every single one of the Onee-chans had the shape and quality that were completely unthinkable coming from a kindergartener, so Shia and others were dancing in wild joy receiving the choco that was filled with heart.



Just as Yue said, it wasn’t only about Hajime, it could be said that Myuu was the sole winner even against them.



「……What about everyone? Are you okay with Myuu being the sole winner this year too?」



Yue sighed ‘fuh’ while asking with a provoking smile. Kaori and others looked at each other’s face.



A beat later, everyone’s face was starting to be filled with motivation. ‘Preparing a chocolate that would secure Hajime’s number one and made Myuu danced in wild joy at the same time! Ain’t that interesting!’ They thought.



But, there, a voice that dashed cold water to the heating up mood was……



「He, hey. I understand the flow of the talk but……why am I also here?」



Actually, there was one other person here. A girl who wasn’t one of the wive~s. Yes, she was kidnapped by adult mode Yue-sama in princess carry from the vocational school that she enrolled at in order to obtain a chef license, which caused the classroom to be in commotion. She was wondering just what kind of face should she make tomorrow……the one who was at her wits’ end like that was――Sonobe Yuuka.



Yue-sama’s eyes pierced into Yuuka who was bewildered and getting headache like that.



「……Yuuka is a person requiring special attention.」



「Why!?」



「……Dance like a butterfly, and sting like a bee.」



「We’re talking about Valentine right!? Right now you’re talking about Valentine right!?」



Yuuka made a tsukkomi asking just what in the world with this. But Kaori went 「Aa~」 and made an understanding face.



「That’s right isn’t it. Yuuka-chan, last year you were actually the one whose chocolate got eaten by Hajime-kun first wasn’t it?」



「!? Tha, that was just me asking him to sample the new product of the restaurant by chance……」



Her speech was faltering. Her gaze was swimming around like migratory fish without stopping.



「Now that you mention it, recently Hajime-san often go to Yuuka-san’s restaurant.」



「Sonobe-san’s restaurant is delicious after all.」



「It looks like Hajime is especially pleased with the coffee though……」



Inevitably,



「……The possibility of Yuuka who met with Hajime with nobody else present quite frequently coming with a surprise attack this year too is big.」



「Can you stop calling it a surprise attack!? It wasn’t like I was aiming for it! Also, Otou-san and Okaa-san were also there! So we weren’t alone!」



「Yuuka, still have popularity among the palace’s servants or knights I think……your girl power is extremely high……」



「Lily!? Why did you say that now!?」



Her desperate excuse ended in vain. For the wive~s it became settled that Yuuka was an opponent that they couldn’t let their guard down against.



Also, Yuuka’s popularity in Heiligh Kingdom was a fact. After the invasion of the demon race to the kingdom and the departure of Hajime’s party and Kouki’s party to the sea of trees, to be frank it was Yuuka who became the center of the classmates and ran around making every effort.



The security of the royal capital that was in the middle of restoration was enormously hard and busy, in addition the knights and soldiers also lost a lot of their colleagues and their wounds weren’t healed. At that kind of time, the one who took the initiative to help them was also Yuuka.



On top of that, she also became an advisor of the new pope and even encouraged the citizens by performing street performance like juggling and the like.



She never make a single reluctant face, she also didn’t act high and mighty even while she had the status as an apostle of god publicly, on the other hand, she had a candid personality that didn’t show any of currying favor with anyone.



And yet she was good at cooking, treated not only the classmates but also the knights in order to cheer them up, and she was also good at sewing so she remodeled her clothing by herself, and that fashion slightly became a fad……



And so, in reality, at that time the knights, soldiers, and then the servants endlessly confessed to her.



Kaori stared at Yuuka fixedly.



「Hey, Yuuka-chan.」



「Wha, what」



「Actually, this year too perhaps I will secretly make him eat it again~, are you perhaps thinking something like that?」



Yuuka quickly averted her gaze. Yuuka-chan was a honest person.



「So it’s the correct action to apprehend her. As expected Yue! Good job!」



「……Stop that, you’re making me embarrassed like that.」



*Clap* Yue and Kaori high-fived. They were really in harmony at this kind of time.



「……Now then, because of that, let’s talk of idea with each other.」



Everyone made a pondering face at Yue’s order.



「……By the way, a method unrelated with chocolate like Tio and Remia last year is rejected.」



「!?」



Remia opened her eyes wide. A black history that she didn’t want to remember was showing up underneath her heart. ‘You call? I don’t call!’



「Remia-san……if I’m not wrong, you wore sailor uniform……」



「Please stop! Something was wrong with me at that time! Just like Tio-san!」



「Remia!?」



When Aiko recalled Remia’s black history that she heard afterwards and spoke it, Remia covered her ears and went ‘no no’ while yelling 「I don’t want to hearrrr!」



Her daughter’s warm gaze while asking her 「Mama, you’re tired」consolingly was creating a deep scar in Remia’s heart even now.



At the same time, she who let herself got persuaded by Tio to dress in sailor uniform like that and arrived at the kindergarten after that was……



「aAAAAAAAAAAAH」



「Remia-san gone made!? It’s Tio-san’s fault! Remia-san isn’t like Tio-san, she is very much a normal person! Now, quickly apply the soul magic! Hurryyy-, hurryyy-」



「Shi, Shia. Recently thy words art getting sharp. Even though I hath only changed underwear just now……nnh」



The light of soul magic was showering Remia from the hopeless dragon who was exposing an ecstatic expression. Remia-san was filled with light. It was really rare that the woman who was usually making “my my, ufufu” smile and wouldn’t be agitated by most things would go mad like this.



「……Nn. Think seriously if you don’t want to become like Remia. Then, idea! Idea, now! An unprecedented! Never to be seen again! Unparalleled! Valentine Day idea!」



Ignoring Remia who was hugging her knees at the corner of the room while covering her face and then stopped moving at the slightest, the meeting of the wive~s + alpha began.



Also, the time limit today was until Hajime who went to pick up Myuu returned home.



.



.



The homeroom after school was over. The elementary school students went out of school.



There were also a lot of children who played at the courtyard after that, but the majority was going home. They headed home as quick as possible and then went out to play.



Among such going hope group, there was a strange crowd. Nearly twenty children at the center of the courtyard became one group to go hime.



Thos children were passionately talking to the person at the center of the group.



「Hey hey, Myuu-chan. Will you come to my home today?」



「Ee~, come to my house~」



「Rather than that let’s go play somewhere! Myuu-chan, do you have anywhere you want to go at?」



Yes, it was Myuu. The youngest princess of Nagumo family.



Her blonde hair that was mixed with a little bit of emerald color was sparkling like a dream each time it was fluttering from wind. Those jade eyes looked like gems, and her cheeks were rose colored. She was unmistakably a beautiful girl.



It often happened. In a place like school, often just because someone was “different from themselves” a kid became a target of exclusion.



But, in regard to Myuu, such thing never happened. Rather, she was too popular that no matter where she went it would become like a daimyo’s procession.



One of the reason for that was that her friends from the kindergarten where she was acting as elder sister were also advancing to elementary school together with her, and,



「Kyah」



「Myu! Rie-chan, you alright?」



「Tha, thank you……」



Even after she entered elementary school, her handsome man personality was going strong.



Even now, the moment a girl who was at the edge of the circle stumbled, Myuu weaved through the kids and leaped to support her. Her figure with her hand going around the girl’s waist and smiling while saying 「I’m glad nano」 was……it made anyone wanted to make tsukkomi ’I see, are you a main character huh’.



She was someone who already received combat training from the demon king and his cheat wive~s. In addition, she was also someone who piled up overly thick experience at another world.



Although she was a little girl, from her abundant life experience and environment of education, she was certainly a cut above the other elementary school students. Whether it was physically or mentally.



The like of Rie-chan whose head was patted was already going so red until the verge of exploding.



Also, the majority of the group consisted of girls. Myuu’s popularity among the boys was also high, but her popularity was especially amazing among the girls. Myuu who was strong and gentle even though she was cute made the girls crazy about her.



Although, it didn’t mean that there wasn’t any boy among the group……



「O, oi, Myuu! I, I don’t mind if you come to my house okay! I just got a new game! I, I’ll specially allow you to play it first!」



The one who said that was a boy who looked completely like a rascal with standoffish attitude. He was brusque and talked with Myuu with his gaze not even meeting hers, but from his bright red face it was obvious that he was conscious of Myuu.



Myuu opened her mouth to give a reply. But, before that,



「Renji-kun, you know――」



「Come to think of it Myuu-chan! What’re you going to do for this year’s Valentine Day!?」



「Myu!? Nagisa-chan, your voice is loud nano……」



Myuu jumped *pyon* from the voice that was raised close to her ear. Using that chance, the other girls sent a glare to the boy――Renji-kun fiercely.



Those gazes weren’t gazes that elementary school girls should make. It was yakuza. It was a group of little girl yakuza!



However, Renji-kun who fell in love at the first sight in the day of the enrollment and blazed with the feeling of first love didn’t lose! Even though around him his friends were tucking their tail or running away while crying or starting to tremble while holding their head, he was the only one to glare back fiercely.



*Crackle crackle*, the gazes of Renji-kun VS Myuu loving girls clashed in the air!



「Of course, I’ll prepare it this year too nano! I’ll make delicious chocolates so look forward to it! Nano!」



「Wah, really!? Myuu-chan’s bite sized choco cake was delicious――」



「Oi, Myuu! If you are insisting then I’ll accept it reluctantly because it’s from you!」



‘You bastard, what the hell you’re doing cutting into the conversation aaah! I’m gonna kill youuu-……’ Nagisa-chan made a wicked look that seemed to say that. Of course it was done from an angle that she calculated to be in Myuu’s blind spot.



By the way, Nagisa-chan was normally a quiet girl who would look suited with pigtails and glasses.



「Don’t worry, I won’t forget Renji-kun’s share nano.」



「Eh!? By, by that you mean, to you I……」



「If there is only one classmate who don’t receive one……it will be a trauma nano. Myuu won’t produce that kind of tragedy!」



‘It was enough for such sad incident to happen to Endou only nano’……Myuu said with a faraway look.



And then, Renji-kun who misunderstood a bit dropped his shoulders in disappointment, while Nagisa-chan and others went 「Serves you righttt」 with a pose of a certain pirate empress who often looked down on others too excessively.



By the way, the sad incident of Mr. Endo wasn’t about the past year story, but the story of his elementary school and middle school era. Juugo and Kentaro who noticed Endo who was overcome with sadness shared half of Tiro○ Choco with him. It was something that he wouldn’t forget for his whole life. He also wouldn’t forget the bewildered faces of the girls that said 「Eh? In the first place, was there any boy like that in our class……」.



Friendship banzai!!



Even while talking of that, Myuu’s group passed through the courtyard and arrived at the front gate.



In that instant,



「Welcome back, Myuu.」



「! Papa!!」



Myuu’s expression shined like sun hearing the voice that reached her. Right after that, she dashed with a speed like a fired arrow.



Her target was Hajime who was leaning on the power pole near the front gate.



Without even any braking, far from that she was accelerating as though to say that she wanted to leap toward her papa even for a fraction of second faster, she leaped *PYON*.



Hajime smiled wryly at Myuu who was like that while stepping aside with his one hand rotating her at midair. Myuu whose momentum was neutralized settled snugly in Hajime’s arm after that.



「You should fix that charging habit already.」



「I’ll put it under serious consideration! Nano!」



「……Recently you’re only remembering that kind of words huh.」



The greatly delighted Myuu rubbed her cheeks on Hajime’s chest with a smile that was like flower in full bloom.



While the conversation between Myuu who was famous in school and the papa who was too young was gathering attention, Nagisa-chan and others were running toward Hajime.



「Myuu’s papa-san, good afternoon!」



「Go, good afternoon!」



「Coming to pick up Myuu?」



Starting with Nagisa-chan, the girls who were especially close to Myuu had also come to play several times to Nagumo house. They had also met Hajime face to face, so there was no one among the girls who was doubting that he was Myuu’s papa.



Even the children who met him for the first time understood from their reaction that Hajime was Myuu’s father. Muttering was spreading among them. Voices like 「He’s completely different from my papa……」「Yes, he’s cool……」 came from here and there.



The unique atmosphere that was brought about by Hajime’s return from another world as well as his demon king personality, added with the stylish attire that was a present from Remia were enough to make the eyes of the students to shine.



「Ou, good afternoon. Nagisa-chan, Madoka-chan, and Hitomi-chan. It’s just as Hitomi-chan said, I came to pick up Myuu.」



「I, is it for some kind of business?」



Nagisa asked a bit nervously. Myuu too was tilting her head asking 「Now that you mention it, why is papa picking me up nano?」.



「Yeah, for some reason there is a discussion in the house. It seems that it’s no good if I and Myuu return before dinner.」



「Eh, Myuu and papa are locked out of the house nano?」



「Exactly right. Well, they might be planning a surprise for us. You know, next week is Valentine right?」



「Ee~~~~h, why is Myuu being left out nano!」



「Perhaps because they got forced to yield by you last year. That Yue, her mental turn into tofu when facing Myuu.」



「……I see nano. Yue-oneechan said 『……Myuu, you better resolve yourself! Next year you will dance wildly in great joy from my choco!』 with tearful eyes so……」



「Your choco was really delicious that time.」



‘You really did your best~’, Hajime said while patting Myuu’s head. Myuu was remembering Yue last year with a difficult expression, but she immediately relaxed and went ‘funya~’.



「This year I’ll prepare a special choco for papa again nano!」



「Oo, I see. I’m looking forward to that. Myuu has talent for making sweets. Perhaps you can become a patissier in the future.」



Hajime made a statement like an idiot parent with a really gentle expression. Myuu herself went 「Ehehe~」 while rubbing her cheeks even more on him.



How should it be said, a parent-daughter world where it was hard for other people to enter was spreading.



Nagisa-chan who should be asking question was at a loss of words with her face going red. Or rather, most of the girls for some reason were red faced.



Amidst that, there was a single boy who went ‘I can’t endure this!’ and stepped forward. It was Renji-kun!



「Myu, Myuu! If you insist then I’ll also receive that special choco!」



The girl beside him struck with a body blow of 「Read the atmosphere-」. But, Renji-kun only lost his breath for an instant and stood his ground!



「Hm? I’ve never seen your face. Myuu’s new friend?」



「Yep! His name is Ooyama Renji-kun nano! His sprint is fast, and he often helps Myuu like at the cleaning time for example nano!」



Renji-kun’s face went bright red hearing Myuu’s evaluation of him. At the same time the face of the girls were dyed in rage. The glint of their eyes seemed to say 「What the hell are you doing raising the affection point diligently like that, eh? If you like cleaning that much then just do it alone-」.



Hajime somehow guessed various things. As a papa, he couldn’t turn a blind eye at the harmful insect buzzing around his daughter. This was the time where he should give a single warning.



Even if for example he would end up getting told that he was an idiot parent, overprotective, like Tomoichi-san……etc, by Yue and others with an exasperated gaze, he had to do it.



Although, this was the front gate of a school with many students going home around them. If he showed his overprotectiveness too much, it would affect the school life of Myuu herself.



And so, he did his best to restrain himself!



「Myuu’s papa-san! You don’t need to worry! Us the elite guards will beat away the vermins!」



「Nagisa-chan……aa, I’ll leave Myuu to you girls.」



「Wait a second nano. Nagisa-chan, what do you mean by elite guards? Why are you having an understanding with papa nano? Myuu doesn’t know anything though!」



‘It’s something Myuu doesn’t need to know about you know……’ The girls starting from Nagisa-chan and also Hajime-papa were looking at Myuu with that kind of gaze. Let’s just say this beforehand, it was Myuu loving Nagisa-chan who formed this, and not Hajime inciting the children, not at all.



「He, hey, Myuu?」



Renji-kun who was ignored kept persisting. He tried requesting “Myuu’s special choco”.



Myuu’s answer toward that was,



「That’s impossible.」



「Fuguh」



Renji-kun made an expression of enduring an unbearable pain, but he raised his face.



「Wh, why……」



「Because Renji-kun isn’t special.」



It was a polite wording, but it was like the words were strengthened by support magic. It broke Renji-kun’s heart.



Renji-kun was shaking. But, Renji-kun was strong. He didn’t even feel discouraged from the word’s straight punch. He didn’t even let tear came out. He was a boy!



「Do, don’t think……」



「Hm?」



Renji-kun’s gaze caught Hajime. He glared fiercely while putting strength into his stomach~,



「Don’t think, that you’ll be able to become Myuu’s special foreverrr~~~」



The sharp parting remark echoed. And right after that he yelled 「DAMN ITTTTTTTTTT-」 while leaving with the ferocious dash of youth.



「The déjà vu is incredible……」



「Myu?」



The prince of a certain kingdom also often acted like Renji-kun. After this there was a plan to bring him here for playing due to Liliana’s request, so perhaps it would be nice to let him met Renji-kun……they were love rival, but surely they could become good friend, it should be. Hajime was thinking of such thing.



「Papa, if we can’t go home right away, what will we do now nano?」



Hajime returned to his senses at Myuu’s words.



「I was thinking to go somewhere to play but……」



Hajime’s gaze moved to Nagisa-chan and others. If she was planning to play with her friends, it would be boorish for a parent to interfere. In that case they would part here, and he would spend time on his own somewhere.



It would also be passable to go drinking coffee at Wisteria. If Sonobe was there, she would also keep him company for talking……he thought. The thought that she was kidnapped by his own wife into their house never even crossed his mind.



At the same time,



「No no, we don’t have any plan! Please have fun together with Myuu-chan!」



「We won’t get in the way!」



「Myuu, we’re looking forward to the report.」



Actually, Nagisa-chan and others knowing about Myuu’s future dream――becoming papa’s wife――was also something that never crossed his mind at all.



And he also didn’t know about them understanding that Myuu’s papa love wasn’t just in a childish sense, but that Myuu was completely serious, and they supported her even then, not in the slightest.



「I, I see? Then I can accompany you guys you know? We can go somewhere in the city to play. I’ll contact your parents to let them know in that case.



「Myuu’s papa-san, that’s terrible!」



「Please think of Myuu’s feeling!」



「Delicacy」



「Why!?」



He couldn’t understand the elementary school students recently……Hajime thought in perplexed.



「Myuu-chan! Have fun!」



「「「「Myuu-chan, bye by~~e」」」」



「Myu! Everyone, see you tomorrow nano~!」



The talk was progressing even while he was at his wits’ end. Hajime wasn’t completely freed from his perplexity, even so he set out to spend time with Myuu alone.



.



.



When the curtain of night was starting to lower down, Hajime and Myuu was on their way home.



「Even so, Myuu. You have become really famous huh.」



「I didn’t know that nano.」



When they went to look for Myuu’s clothes, the shop employees and guests badgered them to take Myuu’s picture. It was like she was a celebrity.



Actually, the company of Remia and Tio occasionally would hold a fashion show for children clothing. At that time Myuu would also appear as model.



Myuu didn’t know how big a deal it was, so she was really surprised when she was surrounded by people who seemed to remember her. Also, the shop employees were also taken aback by how young her papa was.



They could see the light of their house while making such talk.



What would be for dinner today……the two thought with their stomach growling while arriving in front of the house with their hands harmoniously connected. There,



「……What about this!? Five Heavenly Dragon Choco!」



「Kyaa!? Stupid Yue! Don’t use age of god magic just because you cannot think any idea!」



「……Ah!? Bakaori! Because of your disintegration magic the control is!?」



「Awawawah, that’s terrible! ――”Divine Severance”ee!」



Right after Kaori’s yell resounded and Liliana’s panicked voice echoed, *prang* the window was smashed and five brown tentacles flew out.



Looking carefully, they were dragon. Sniffing carefully, they smelled sweet. The five dragons that were made from chocolate were wriggling while trying to fly out to the neighborhood. From how the eye parts were dark red, they seemed to be monsterified using metamorphosis magic……



The choco heavenly dragons tried to escape as though to say 「Who will stay here to get eaten-」, but they were hindered by the barrier that appeared around Nagumo house. Choco breath sweetly decorated the barrier. Right after that, they were dragged back into the room.



「……」



「……」



Hajime and Myuu were speechless. Their gazes were completely dry. The two of them looked at each other and nodded, then they approached the fence stealthily. Myuu jumped *pyon* and caught the top of the fence while bringing up her face, Hajime also quietly peered into the living room.



「Eeei-, what’s wrong with mine life-sized choco!」



「That’s completely for 18 years old above! You’re just covering yourself with choco!」



「No matter how you look at it that’s only for Hajime right!? What are you going to make Myuu eat!?」



Ahead of the gazes of Shia and Shizuku who were busily punching and slashing the rampaging choco heavenly dragons was stark naked Tio slathered with choco. Hajime’s eyes died. Myuu’s cheeks were convulsing.



Deeper inside, Aiko’s desperate face came out from the kitchen.



「Geez-, everyone! Please help a bit here! Or rather, what did you put into the choco dish!? It’s wriggling! Why did you melt meat into it!?」



「Now wait a secondd~~~. Ai-chan-sensei! The cacao beans that sensei produced also strange somehow though!? Even though they are beans they have water moisture like vegetable! Aah, it’s stale!? Is this really cocoa beans!?」



「Eee? It shouldn’t be like……certainly I procured them from cacao beans for Hajime-kun’s sake but, they were goods on the market you know? Well, I used magic so it’ll be even more tasty though……」



「You didn’t use anything like soul magic or the like right!? Aaa, somehow it’s rolling by itself see!?」



「That kind of stupid thing……ah, come to think of it, I think I used it while having delusion of Hajime-kun……」



「Kyaah, what’s this!? Something like tentacles from the pot of the choco dish are……no moree~~~~~! I’m going homee!!」



*Prang* sound resounded. Yuuka smashed through the window’s kitchen and rolled out. From behind her, somehow slushy blasphemous brown tentacles were stretching out.



Interception by throwing knives! Yuuka didn’t pause and jumped over the fence with an acrobatic movement. She then vanished while yelling 「Nagumo house is a den of evilsssssss-」.



「Everyone-, get a hold of yourself! Hajime-kun and Myuu-chan will return soon with hungry stomach! Let’s put the finishing touch to the choco prototype dishes!」



Kaori’s order resounded. Tentacles were stretching out from the kitchen. Five heavenly dragons were rampaging inside the living room. Tio was going ‘haa haa’.



Myuu silently got down on the ground, then she looked at Hajime-papa with a grim face.



「Papa. Myuu will wait ahead at Valhalla, nano.」



It seemed for Myuu the choice to not eat didn’t exist. Because, no matter what kind of cooking it was, it was created by the Onee-chans for her.



But, she had no confidence of surviving. The expression of the little girl who saluted with determination was beautiful……



Hajime sighed.



「Myuu, let’s eat outside today.」



「I want hamburger nano.」



Instant reply.



「Onee-chans……what about them?」



「Leave them.」



Instant reply.



「Papa……mama is hugging her knees at the room corner nano.」



「I guess, she remembered the black history last year and collapsed ain’t she?」



Spot on.



Hajime looked at Myuu’s troubled expression and sent arachne-san into the living room that was turned into battlefield. It closed the distance until Remia’s side undetected and opened a gate beneath her.



「Hyaa~~~~」



The teleported Remia fell from above. Hajime caught her in a princess carry.



「De, dear? And Myuu too?」



「We’re home nano, mama. We’re retreating from the battlefield right away nano.」



「Oo, swiftly, and, safely.」



While Remia was going 「Eh? Eh?」, Hajime and Myuu left that place with synchronized action.



Like that, they directly headed to a hamburger specialist restaurant in front of the station.



Also, Remia who didn’t have any composure mentally from the shock of recalling the black history and the sudden happening stayed in the princess carry posture until they arrived at the restaurant but……



The next day, in the gathering of mama friends,



「I saw it you know, Remia-san! You were carried in princess carry by your husband!」



「It really stood out in front of the station! Sheesh, showing off like that!」



「Myuu-chan really is a good kid. She didn’t pester to be carried but looked warmly at her mama instead……」



She instantly sunk once more from the witness reports.



Furthermore, Yue and others were also harmoniously getting instantly sunk from receiving the “Divine Flame” class scolding from Sumire-okaasan who went home in a tired state.



AN: Thank you very much for reading this every time.



Thank you very much too for the thoughts, opinions, and reports about misspelling and omitted words.



My deepest apologies, but this isn’t the return of update.



As expected I think that no update for two months will be bad, so I somehow posted this but, my lack of time is still not resolved.



I’m in a bit of situation where I cannot give any guarantee where I’ll be able to resume the regular update.



And so, for a while it will be an irregular update schedule (The update schedule itself is fixed in six P.M Saturday ).



Best regards!



Also, there are updates at Gardo Comic too.



Main story, Zero, Nichijou, please have a look at them.





Chapter 348




.



AN: It has been a long time. Forgive me for the long wait.



I almost forgot the flow of the after story, so I’m returning to the starting point……well not really but I tried writing the story about the beginning when they just returned.



This was a story when Hajime and others the returnees when it hadn’t been really long since they started attending school once more.



As always, the people who were watching Yue while she was going to school were getting into man-made disasters, the insolent people were hammered with bullets of bloodlust like moth being lured into fly trap, Hajime himself almost becoming a victim of self-made disaster from getting distracted by the radiant Yue-san in uniform, etc. Like that Hajime who travelled the amusing road to the school entered into the classroom.



Then,



「Kuh」



「Fu, fuguh」



「Tsu–」



The classmates simultaneously averted their face. They clung on their desk with their body trembling all over.



「Oi, if you guys got something to say then say it.」



It was a phenomenon that was already changing into the morning custom since they started resuming coming to school. A pressure was released from Hajime.



Ryutaro answered as the representative.



「Nagumo, wearing uniform! It ain’t fitting at all-」



‘Puhah’ Tamai and others snorted.



“Nagumo Hajime before summoning” was already beyond faraway in the memory of the classmates.



White hair, eye patch, metal prosthetic arm, black coat. Large revolver on his thigh. That was “Nagumo Hajime”. That was everyone’s one and only “demon king-sama”.



This man who would kill even god if they became his enemy and saved the world while he was at it was……wearing school uniform now. Although his appearance had returned to look like normal human, it was just too surreal that everyone found it hard every morning to hold back their laughter.



The demon king who diligently went to school every day without even getting late……that was certainly surreal.



Although, as expected they were laughing too much. Kouki who seemed to think so spoke remonstrating words.



「O, oi, everyone. You all are laughing too much. Certainly, it doesn’t suit him at a――」



*Pshew* A stifled gunshot rang. By destroying an ultra-small treasure warehouse that was inserted into the bullet itself using the firing hammer, the compressed air was released and using that while it was a revolver, it made a silenced rubber bullet into reality.



In a civilized society――especially in this Japan that was a constitutional state, firing silently was important. He mustn’t cause trouble for the surrounding.



Because it was such quality product of Hajime, the “embodiment of consideration bullet”, brain matter wasn’t scattered from Kouki’s head. He was only falling from his chair.



「Why did you shoot!? Or rather, why me!?」



The demon king-sama completely ignored Kouki’s only natural protest and his gaze lorded over the classroom. His eyes explained it more eloquently than anything.



His eyes said, 「You all, want to get shot?」.



「……Nn, Hajime. Restrain, restrain.」



「Hajime-sa~n, aren’t you going to become an exemplary Japanese person? Or perhaps, making tsukkomi with bullet is actually the culture of Japan?」



「Hajime-kun, Shia is going to misunderstand so let’s keep that gun away okay?」



「It’s not just a problem of misunderstanding. Or rather, Kaori. Kouki is writhing around so go heal him. Look, his back is bending like a bridge from the pain. That’s a beautiful back bending posture.」



Hajime who was persuaded (?) repeated to himself 「Oops I can’t do this. I’m a Japanese. A virtuous and model Japanese」 while transferring Donner back to the treasure warehouse.



A while after that the bell rang to inform the beginning of the first period of the class. The one who arrived then was the math teacher. His name was Asada Ichiro (32 years old). His trait was his eyes that were like fox, his hair that was properly combed down, and then the way he talked that vaguely sounded obstinate.



The gaze of Teacher Asada who was standing at the teacher podium flowed toward Yue and Shia while the students were giving a bow and sitting back. And then, his gaze moved to Hajime at the end and his fox eyes narrowed further into a slit. This too was a daily happening.



The class started and everyone dispassionately went through the content of their textbook. And then, as expected Hajime was named to solve a strangely difficult problem just as usual.



「Nagumo, answer it.」



「Yes, sensei.」



‘Bufuh’, several sounds of snort were……



Looking at the direction of the snorts, there was Ryutaro prostrating on his desk. Kaori was averting her gaze, while even Shizuku was looking down while shaking.



「~~~~And that’s the answer, sensei.」



‘Puhih!’ A laughter that sounded like a pig resounded. It was Shinji. It seemed he couldn’t hold it down anymore. Beside him Yoshiki was trembling too much his desk was rattling.



「Again-, you guys! Just what in the world is funny-」



Teacher Asada got into a bad mood. ‘Today is the day I’m running out of patience!’ The angry voice he raised sounded like that.



This always happened, but when he assigned Hajime a question, there would be laughter leaking out every time, so perhaps the teacher was feeling like it was him who was getting laughed at.



「Sorry, sensei. I’ll tell them later how bad their attitude is.」



‘Pupah!!’ Nana spouted. On the seat beside her Taeko was holding her stomach. Yuuka was pinching the back of her own hand until she got teary eyed.



Atsushi was holding his laughter too much that his thought slipped out with trembling voice.



「Na, Nagumo using polite language……it totally doesn’t suit him……」



That was the mutual sentiment of the classmates.



「It’s only obvious to use polite language when talking with teacher!」



「It’s exactly as you say, sensei. These guys are idiots. We will do something about it by ourselves. Really I apologize for them.」



‘Stop it alreadyyy~~’ The voices from the girls that sounded like a scream were raised.



No matter what, it seemed Hajime talking with polite language was “absurd” for the classmates.



He was more or less talking using polite language to Tio’s grandfather and the family of Kaori and others, so this wasn’t their first time seeing this, but for some reason the classmates couldn’t hold back when Hajime was using polite language to people other than the ones mentioned above.



They still reacted like this even after getting quite used to hear it but……it looked like they would still need some more time until they got completely used to it.



While the classmates were shaking from the strange occurrence of the demon king’s laudable attitude that would pass straight being a laughing matter and caused a pandemonium instead if they were in Tortus, Teacher Asada narrowed his eyes that it looked like they were completely closed already.



And then, he snorted in ridicule.



「Nagumo, I’ll teach you something important. The thing called “trust” you see, it’s something created from someone’s daily behavior.」



In other words, Hajime’s daily behavior wasn’t something praiseworthy, therefore, he couldn’t be trusted. It seemed that the teacher wanted to say that.



‘As an educator, telling a student 「You can’t be trusted」 is just……’. Making that kind of tsukkomi would just create more problem, so Hajime held back.



He was an exemplary and virtuous Japanese person!



Perhaps thanks to that patience, the classroom fell completely silent. Looking closer, half of the class were looking at Teacher Asada as though they were watching a stylish suicide applicant, while the remaining half was looking at Hajime like they were watching a nuclear bomb that was going to explode.



It was something greatly unexpected for Hajime-san! Was it thanks to his daily behavior?



Teacher Asada didn’t even notice the atmosphere of the class and continued with a sarcastic tone.



「All of you are called returnees as it is and the society are looking coldly. I’m worried about the future of you who are in the center of that. Even the nonsense of fighting in another world was also thought up by you right? Even if you’re making fun of adults there is limit to it.」



「I’m sorry, I’ll keep that in mind.」



「Do you really mean that? It doesn’t really seem so. Try looking up the word modesty in dictionary. If you do that, then even people like you all who are making a ruckus in the society will surely have a little feeling of gratitude toward the school that would accept you back welling up inside.」



This “special classroom” that was set up at the fringe of the school building wasn’t really because of the good will of the school’s side. They reluctantly set it up only after there was a notice from the government about social decency or whatever.



Although, retorting with that and making this talk devolved into an argument would be problematic. Hajime had no intention to purposefully cause that. He nodded with an obedient expression.



Besides, it also wasn’t really a lie that he had a feeling of gratitude.



(……Hajime. This guy, should I strangle him?)



(Stop it. He is more or less a teacher who was teaching us from the beginning you know?)



Teacher Asada continued talking with a lot of sarcasm enveloped in his words. Yue sent Hajime a telepathy with a dangerous gaze. Her eyes were thinking 「Should I give him “Divine Statement”……」. Hajime admonished Yue to not do that.



Just as Hajime said, actually, after they resumed attending school, if they were asked if there was full lesson for the special class, then the answer would be “no”.



Due to fear, bewilderment, and suspicion toward the returnees, and then because of the protest toward the forceful demand from the government, there were teachers who refused to give them lesson, teachers who resigned because they got tired of the questioning from the mass media and parents that were like machine gun everyday, or teachers who transferred to other school.



It wasn’t unreasonable. The incident was far removed from being just a disappearance case. The time period of their disappearance, and then even their returning time too. Although they were teacher they weren’t saint. It was only natural that they were shaken.



Because of that, for Hajime, although Teacher Asada would be somewhat sarcastic like this, he was thankful to him for his willingness to teach them right from the start.



「Besides, Nagumo. It seems your attitude toward girls is really slovenly isn’t it?」



Teacher Asada’s gaze moved toward Yue and Shia once more. His gaze also moved toward Kaori and Shizuku, but as expected his gaze then returned to the former two. Especially at Shia.



Shia twisted her body in discomfort.



The sermon of Teacher Asada regarding illicit sexual relationship began.



Certainly, having relationship with multiple girls was normally worthy to be a target of criticism from the perspective of common sense. And so Hajime resigned himself to listen to Teacher Asada’s words even while feeling dubious at the gaze he made. But,



(Hajime-san, Hajime-san)



(Hm? What, Shia?)



(You see, I intend to ignore it right from the start so I forgot to say but……actually, Asada-sensei has been telling me various things from some time ago about my relationship with Hajime-san.)



(What? What kind of words?)



(If I’m going out with Hajime-san then break up that relationship, that kind of talk.)



At first Hajime thought that perhaps it was only a warning that a teacher would naturally make. From Hajime and Yue’s special atmosphere, the teacher must be thinking that he was only playing around with Shia, so he couldn’t overlook that as a teacher.



However, when he asked Kaori and Shizuku weren’t told anything like that by Teacher Asada.



(And also, before this he told me that he would give me consultation, so come to the student counseling room.)



(……And?)



(At that time it was my turn to prepare dinner so I refused and went home right away. But, even after that there were times when I was called after school. I refused all of them because I had things to do but……)



It seemed that Shia was also called for after school today. Furthermore it seemed the teacher was asking really strongly.



(If it’ll be just a normal counseling then, well, it’s not really a problem. But his gaze, it’s a little bit……)



(Enough, I get it.)



Hajime-san’s expression changed from obedience into a smile.



The eyes of the classmates now looked like they were watching a bomb that was approaching the countdown. Kouki was sweating like a waterfall while pleading 「Sensei! Asada-sensei! We should resume the class soon!」 but……



「Besides you are, everyday――」



「Sensei, I know really well that my way of living isn’t something praiseworthy.」



Teacher Asada scowled in displeasure that his words were interrupted. Hajime kept smiling while making suggestion to such Teacher Asada.



「I’m thinking to correct that using this chance. And so, can I receive your guidance by any means? After school, in the counseling room.」



「……The necessity for that」



「There is no way it’s not necessary isn’t it? Yes, according to sensei, it seems that I’m a really problematic child. However, what is it that I should fix and how should I do it……I don’t understand it. Please sensei, give me your advice to help this student by all means.」



Hajime-san grasped his chest as though he was mourning himself and sent a gaze looking for help.



It was actually really difficult to refuse a student that was saying something like this, especially when in front of the eyes of other students. As the result, Teacher Asada said 「……Very well. Come to the student counseling room after school today」 and stopped his preaching before resuming the lesson.



(Yue, come with me after school. We’ll search the inside of Asada-sensei’s heart.)



(……Nn-. Divine Statement ready to fire! He’ll confess everything.)



The classmates thought when seeing the motivated Yue.



‘The student counseling room after school will change into the interrogation room of the demon king and his first wife huh.’



What things were lurking inside the heart of this Teacher Asada……



After that he would say things like 「Boss-, while presumptuous please allow me to start the lesson for today-」 with a tone like a military officer toward Haijme. It could be easily guessed from that.



Putting that aside.



After that, they absorbed the lessons favorably and the English lesson for the fourth period was over. Right away, the English teacher――Yanagi Kazuko-sensei (45 years old) rushed out in a flash.



It wasn’t like she was bullied by Hajime and co.



Rather, the students were really diligent. Even when Hajime used polite language, the classmates didn’t laugh anymore. It wasn’t because Hajime told them 「The next time anyone laugh, everyone will get pile bunker into their ass」 or anything. It was simply because laughing during lesson wasn’t a good thing even if they weren’t laughing at the teacher!



Then, why did Kazuko-sensei left the classroom as though she was escaping?



There was one reason.



「As expected, Language Comprehension is just a cheat huh.」



「I think it’s fine to thank Ehito just for this.」



Just as Shinji and Yoshiki earnestly said, the cause was the cheat power of “Language Comprehension”.



After all, thanks to this everyone was like native speaker. Rather, they were even more skilled than Kazuko-sensei!



Because of that Kazuko-sensei would feel nervous and feel like running away every time she was giving lesson. Every time she would leave the classroom as though running away.



「How should I say it, the teachers refusing to teach our class also feel like our own doing……」



「Even the classic language or kanji are easy to understand……somehow the guilt is……」



Shizuku smiled wryly. Kaori too was making a troubled expression.



「Everyone is thinking that we’re abnormal because of things like this isn’t it……」



「Even though we haven’t study for a year, our knowledge improved instead, of course people will be like ‘what the hell!’.」



「But, it’s difficult to hide it.」



Yuuka made a bitter expression. Nana was staring at the door where Kazuko-sensei left from with an apologetic expression, while Taeko had a complicated look.



It seemed that it wasn’t just Hajime that was trying to get used to the life on earth.



In any case, the morning lessons were finished. It was afternoon break. The time for lunch.



Normally, there would be some who went to the school canteen to purchase lunch but……



Everyone took out their boxed lunch without exception. No one tried to go out of their class.



Far from that, *tatatatatata-* the sound of running resounded from the corridor. Right after that, *bam* the door was opened loudly. No sooner than that, a small silhouette rushed into the classroom.



「Ai-chan-sensei, so today you’re eating in the classroom again.」



「Tha, that’s right. For some reason, yes, for some reason……」



Aiko-sensei’s gaze wandered around for a bit while the bag that was filled with her boxed lunch was swaying.



Since they went back into school, she would come at lunch without fail. With a rushing speed at that.



It was already something common, so Yue immediately gave up her seat and moved on Hajime’s lap herself.



At the same time, an anxious voice echoed.



「No, no good. I forget my lunch……」



It was Nomura Kentaro. His chair clattered and he stood still in place from the shock. His shoulders dropped down in dejection just because he forgot his lunch. His face looked like it was already decided that for today he would go without lunch.



「Kentaro, I’ll share you mine a bit.」



「Juugo, my bad.」



「I’ll give you mine too.」



「……Kousuke, so you’re here.」



「Since the morning.」



Kentaro’s expression slightly relaxed with Juugo and Kousuke sharing their boxed lunch with him while he sat back down.



「No, just go to the canteen to buy.」



A tsukkomi came from Hajime.



Since they started going to school, the classmates wouldn’t leave the classroom only when it was lunch break. Hajime finally got really curious with that and spoke out. He thought that perhaps it was only because the other classmates just didn’t like getting stared at with curiosity, but their action was too obstinate if it was just because of that.



Kentaro diverted his gaze away from that dubious gaze of Hajime.



And then, he muttered in a low voice.



「……I don’t want to get away from Nagumo.」



「Do, don’t suddenly said such disgusting thing.」



Hajime was creeped out. Kentaro hurriedly said 「Wro, wrong! That’s not what I mean!」 and gave his excuse.



「Because, you! What am I gonna do if another summoning happen again huh! Whether I get left behind or get summoned by myself, I absolutely don’t want either! The safe area at lunch break is at Nagumo’s side!」



「Haa?」



‘What is this guy saying……’, Hajime stared like he was looking at an idiot, but when he looked around, everyone quickly averted their gaze.



「Se, seriously? Ah, could it be, Aiko came to the classroom each time it’s lunch break is also」



「A, ahaha……」



Looking really close, there were countless small magic reactions in Aiko’s pocket. Most likely, they were seed. By combining Aiko’s power and soul magic, she would be able to use them to instantly create imitation Treant. So that she would be fine even if she fell into an unexpected situation anytime, her combat preparation was flawless! It seemed to be something like that.



「You guys……so you guys are completely traumatized by the lunch break huh.」



The classmates all showed a bitter smile. They obstinately wouldn’t leave the classroom was as expected, because no one wanted to leave the demon king-sama’s side.



Aiko changed the topic to dodge this matter.



「Tha, that’s right. Everyone, it will be the school festival soon. There will be other time for us to talk about it, but please start thinking of what do you want to do there from now.」



Suzu chewed *mokyu mokyu* on her salmon boxed lunch while nodding with 「Aah」.



「My friend from other class told me. It looks like there’re classes that has decided it already but……everyone apparently are curious of what our class is going to do.」



「The students are full of “curiosity” but……from the teacher’s side are they “filled with trepidation”?」



Shizuku lowered her eyebrows with a troubled look while asking Aiko. Aiko’s expression became the same while she nodded. And then, she clenched both her fists to fire up herself and,



「So it’s decided, the theme of our performance will be “Completely safe and secure! There’s nothing to fear! Let’s get along!”, there!」



She said that with a rough huff. ‘Let’s clear up the suspicion “they might be dangerous kids” toward the returnees!’ That seemed to be her intention.



There, Shinji said 「Here!」 and raised his hand.



「Yes, Nakano-kun!」



「Sensei! I think that target shooting will be good! Nagumo have guns after all!」



「Safety safety-, something not scary-! Not scary!」



It was refused.



‘A performance that’ll give favorable impression!’ Aiko yelled while glaring at Shinji. Shinji dejectedly backed away and bit into his sweetened bun. Choco cornet was delicious……



Next Atsushi expressed his idea full of confidence.



「As expected, here we should go with the simple approach, a maid café!」



「You just want to see girls in maid uniform.」



A gaze of absolute zero was thrown from Yuuka. But, the boys were getting spirited. Starting from Aikawa Noboru and Nimura Akito, Shinji and Yoshiki also raised their voice to somehow make the idea a reality. But,



「……Are you telling me, to call somebody else other than Hajime goshujin-sama?」



The classroom froze for real, not just in metaphor. Frost was forming on the window, while the floor and wall were freezing white with creaking sound.



「……Something like maid café is a heresy!」



「Yeah, for sure!」



「Your ulterior motive is transparent! Restrain yourself Atsushi!」



「This pervert-! I’m embarrassed as your friend!」



「Yo, you guys, turning your back so easily on me……」



The maid café was also rejected. Spring arrived inside the classroom, melting the snow. It was war~m.



「On the contrary, won’t a butler café be better I wonder! I wonder!」



‘I got some kind of a good idea!’ Kaori strongly insisted with that kind of look. Shizuku who would see through everything if it was about Kaori got a deadpan stare.



「You just want to make Hajime a butler and got treated like a noble lady right?」



「!? The, the-the, there’s no such thing you know?」



「Then, Kaori. If Kouki is the one who become a butler to serve the guests then it’ll be okay isn’t it?」



「I won’t accept anyone other than Hajime-kun.」



Kaori-san was faithful on her own desire. And then, Kouki spouted out his rolled omelet saying 「Shizuku! Why are you dragging me into this!?」, and then he got a faraway look due to Kaori’s instant reply. It seemed his soul was flying to somewhere. Ryutaro’s gentle pat on his shoulder was pervading deep inside……



「Shi, Shizuku-chan said that but you yourself!」



「Wha, what?」



「Even though you want to be pampered by Hajime-kun dressed as butler!」



「I’m not thinking anything like――」



Shizuku-chan glanced at Hajime, imagined something, then her cheeks boiled red. It seemed she was thinking it. She wanted to be pampered by butler Hajime.



「……But, that doesn’t sound bad. Getting treated like noble lady by the demon king. Right! Yuuka-chi!」



「Why are you turning the question to me!?」



Nana who was making a considering look grinned and said that. Everyone’s attention was turned toward Yuuka hearing that. The gaze of the flustered Yuuka met with Hajime’s.



「Wha, what! You want to have a go!?」



「Are you a delinquent from somewhere huh.」



For some reason Yuuka growled ‘garururu-‘ threateningly at Hajime. The atmosphere of the classroom turned lukewarm seeing them.



At the same time, the majority of the female camp seemed to get ideas from Nana’s words. Their gaze seemed to wander around in a daze. That “demon king” would, act kind to them……treating them gently like a noble lady……



「……nice」



「It’s nice……」



Voices like those were coming from here and there.



「Rejected-! Firm rejection! We won’t allow that kind of idea that will put a great burden to our dear friend no matter what!」



Shinji stood up from his chair and protested with bloodshot eyes. Yoshiki held up his chopstick like a mike and asked.



「Your true feeling?」



「Nagumo is going to be the only winner like that-. Do you want your school festival memory get dyed with the single color of defeat!? Don’t screw around-, I’ll cry out blood!」



The girls crowding around the demon king butler……certainly, from the perspective of Shinji who spent his days wandering around the city looking for girl, it was an idea that he would firmly refuse. Atsushi and others also seemed to have the same feeling inside their heart.



Taeko half smiled feeling that it was somewhat troublesome while giving a suggestion.



「Then, isn’t it fine to just make a normal café? Something like Yuuka’s Wisteria.」



「Ah, now that you mentioned it Sonobe-san’s family has a western restaurant isn’t it?」



Aiko’s words made the classmates who didn’t know to say 「Hee」 while their attention gathered on Yuuka once more.



「So Yuuka-san’s family is managing a cooking business. I’m interested with that!」



Shia was interested. As expected from a cooking lover who had continuously added the cooking of various countries into her repertory since coming to earth.



「Yeah. Rather than telling me to be a butler, it’ll be far better to get teach by Sonobe how to cook and work at the back.」



「Eh? I, is that so?」



Yuuka’s gaze was wandering. At the thought of it, her gaze was turned to empty air.



――Both of them cooking side by side



――Her teaching Hajime the taste of her family



――Two hands overlapping in order to correct his hand movement



For some reason the scene changed,



――Her and Hajime standing side by side in the kitchen of Wisteria



――Both of them managing the restaurant, the regular customers jeering at their relationship……



――After the restaurant closed, the two of them would snuggle close to each other while drinking the coffee that she brewed



――And then……



「Yuuka-chan?」



「Hah!?」



The owner of the monotone voice was Kaori-san who was staring at her with lightless eyes. Beside her, there was also Yue-sama whose default deadpan stare was becoming even moo~~~rre deadpan.



At her wit’s end Yuuka-chan glared fiercely at Hajime for some reason.



「I, I absolutely won’t teach Nagumo anything! You’re ten years to early to enter the kitchen!」



「What the hell」



Yuuka’s face was bright red. Nana and Taeko were looking at her warmly while patting her head saying ‘good girl, good girl’.



Hajime shrugged and ignored the glaring Yuuka while continuing 「In the first place」.



「You guys might be forgetting it but, it might be difficult for this classroom to attract customers you know?」



The classmates went “?”. Hajime smiled wryly and said.



「It’s the location, the location. This spot is the fringe of the school building’s fringe. A “special classroom” that is half isolated you remember?」



Everyone went 「Ah」. It was exactly like that, it was impossible for anyone to pass through here “coincidentally” while heading to somewhere else. The location was at the edge with no path that was leading to anywhere else.



「With this kind of spot, in addition it’s a place where there’ll only be the performance of the returnees, I think the only people who would come here are only guys who want to satisfy their curiosity with no regard for any performance.」



On the other hand, there was also the possibility of people flooding this people with that kind of reason, but if something like that happened at this classroom that was located at the end of the hallway, the situation would surely become chaotic.



Especially when there wouldn’t be any limitation from outsider entering the school festival this year just because there were returnees here.



It was a measure so that the mass media and parents wouldn’t make any ruckus instead because of any limitation. There was a risk that they would go ‘As expected, there is really a problem with the returnees that has to be hidden no matter what isn’t it!?’.



「Tha, that’s, certainly true……」



Aiko’s expression turned conflicted at what Hajime pointed out.



Even after that they used the lunch break to exchange opinion but nothing was decided. They further used the time after school, the next day, and also the time that was originally set aside to decide the class’s program for the school festival for discussion. They used a lot of time, a lot, before the classroom of Hajime and co finally decided their programme.



Shia who was chosen as the school festival committee member――or rather she nominated herself because it sounded fun, attended the committee meeting.



Her beauty and personality that would treat anyone innocently without distinction tightly grasped the heart of the students in the committee meeting while they were reporting their respective class’s programme by turn. Then finally it became Shia’s turn.



「The, then Shia-san. Please tell us what your class’s programme will be.」



The male student who served as the committee chairman asked Shia with a slightly shrill voice. Shia smiled widely and said 「Yes desu!」. The face of the chairman blushed bright red seeing that. A part of the female students’ face looked entranced.



Like that, while everyone was focusing at Shia herself and the programme that the returnees class would do, the title of the programme that Shia announced was,



――South Cloud Circus ~There isn’t any trick or contrivance in it~



That.



The vice principal who personally volunteered to take charge of the school festival committee stared unamused.



AN: Thank you very much for reading this every time.



Thank you very much too for the thoughts, opinions, and reports about misspelling and omitted words.



The writing for Zero volume 3 is finally completed for the moment.



And so, I believe that I won’t need to make everyone wait for nearly one month for the next update.



There’re still a lot of things that I have to write so I can guarantee it but……perhaps it’ll be fine.



I’ll be happy if we can have fun together again.



.



※Asada-sensei is that person whose story came out for a bit in Arifureta After Downtown Date 2.



※Kouki-kun is still on earth. He will go to Tortus after several more months.



.



※The comics at Gardo are updated (at 2/25)



So, somehow a dragon that look really like a last boss is…I’m looking forward to the pile bunker!



The cockroaches are cute.



The character in Kaori’s role at Zero is Suse isn’t it. Her pitch black eyes are wonderful.



.



※Zero volume 3 is planned to be released at 25 March.



You’ll be able to see a lot of no good Meiru-oneesan. Also, things like the full view of liberator organization, the creator of ice and snow cavern that is in the middle of being conquered at main story’s vol 9 Van-chan, or a demon king will come out.



Please pick up the book!



It’s also announced in Overlap-sama’s homepage, so please go check there if you like.





Chapter 349




.



Under the bright and clear sky.



The high school that Hajime and co enrolled in was showing bustling activity since early in the morning. The students were running to left and right in order to finish the final preparation for their class or club’s program. Loud voices were raised for this and that.



It was school festival. The reason for the unusual tumult was the proof of the long awaited school festival.



The atmosphere of the school was festive and joyful like that. However, there was one place that gave off atmosphere like it just had stayed up all night.



「……Finally, it came.」



The one who said that with a voice that sounded like it was wrung out from inside their stomach was placing both their elbows on the table, joining their hand together in front of their jaw, hiding his mouth with a Gendo○ pose, the vice principal.



Yes, the place with atmosphere of staying up all night was the staff room.



All the teachers with the exception of one person were having a pensive look. It was like the expression of the populace who were told that 「The world will end today」.



「Teachers. Today will be a difficult day. Most likely, it will be an unprecedentedly difficult day in our whole teaching career.」



The male teachers gulped their saliva audibly. The female teachers covered their face with both their hands with a sob. Kazuko-sensei looked like she would vomit from nervousness.



「With the police’s cooperation there will be security of plainclothes police officers. The school is also hiring security guards. We cannot deal with this by ourselves. But, even so, we are the one who should stand against the brunt of outside attention. The teachers of this school have to step forward to deal with the problems that occurred.



Because, if they didn’t do that the mass media would abuse them again. The lifespan of my few remaining hairs that is already short even now will be decreased even more.



The vice principal looked outside. People were already gathering outside the school’s outer wall. They weren’t the relatives of the students. They were the slaves of curiosity and the hyenas who made information as their source of income.



His gaze returned to inside the room.



「Also about the headmaster, yesterday midnight he vomited blood and sent to hospital in emergency. Today he cannot be present because he’s hospitalized. ……It seems a hole with record breaking size was opened in his stomach due to excessive stress.」



‘Headmasterrr~’ Everyone’s feeling wanted to yell that. The tragedy of the supreme commander suddenly exiting the stage made everyone wanted to hold their head. Kazuko-sensei went 「Oee」 and covered her mouth.



Vice principal slowly ran his gaze through everyone. He saw the eyes of the teacher one by one, and then, he announced with a warrior face.



「I ask everyone to resolve themselves.」



‘What resolve!?’ The teachers shuddered. Kazuko-sensei quickly opened a vomit bag and vomited.



While the school nurse looked after Kazuko-sensei, the vice principal’s sharp gaze flew to a corner of the staff room.



「Are you listening, Hatayama-sensei?」



「!!」



Aiko-chan-sensei was shrinking her body that was already small even in normal time, desperately wanting to erase her presence. Her body jumped with a jerk. And right after that she started trembling all over like a small animal.



「I, I’m lhistening!!」



She bit her tongue. It seemed she mutilated her tongue with all her strenght. She became teary from the pain. The air of the staff room softened slightly. Though it didn’t work agains the vice principal.



「The fate of this school might be decided today. It’s a critical time! You understand don’t you!?」



「e, u…..ca, calling it fate might be exaggerating……」



Aiko-sensei questioned if it was a bit exaggerating with mumbling voice. The vice principal’s eyes glinted hearing that. Not his head. His eyes. The vice principal knew that it would be meaningless if he wasn’t properly equipped.



He suddenly stood up and approached the window with brisk steps. He pointed sharply at a corner of the ground.



「Who-, permitted-, that kind of huge set up!?」



Ai-chan-sensei averted her gaze wordlessly. The other teachers saw “that” and their eyes turned into the eyes of rotten dead fish.



Over there was a tent. It was a huge crimson tent with height that rivaled thee-storied building. On its prettily decorated signboard was,



――Welcome! To the returnees’ exciting and thrilling South Cloud Circus♪



Such thing was written. It was really irritating how the “!” and “♪” were strangely elaborate. For vice principal.



「Bu, but, they were permitted to perform at the schoolyard……」



「Certainly, I recognize that.」



Vice principal took off his glasses with a trembling hand. He wiped it. As though he was suppressing the volcano inside him that was in the verge of erupting.



「Accidents might occur if people flood toward that special classroom. There’s also a risk the argument toward the classroom’s location might heat up once more without the masses even understanding that it’s a measure that cannot be avoided with the understanding of both the student’s families and government.」



Thus, they were allowed to hold their performance outside the classroom. In the first place, holding a performance on the ground was completely inadvisable. Because depending on the wind’s direction on that day, there was a risk of dusts blowing on the people. There was the intention that the program would be a quiet one if the students were given the requirement that “they didn’t cause any dust to fly to the surrounding” and “the show would be only for a hour at the afternoon”.



Also if the location was spacious, it would be relatively easier to bring the situation under control. The danger would also be lessened. It was also considered that chaos would be harder to occur if Hajime and co were asked to scatter outside of the hour. Because of that, the vice principal gave his permission no matter how wary he was.



But, but still.



「Who would think-, that a tent like that can be raised in just one night!? Is this building a camp in one night like that story of building a fortress in one night!? Don’t screw around-!!」



「Vi, vice principal! Calm down! Didn’t you say that recently your blood pressure isn’t good!」



‘You’re going to get sent to hospital along with the headmaster!’, Teacher Asada pacified the vice principal who couldn’t endure his eruption as expected while pinioning him from behind.



「Shut up-, if it’s hospital then you go first! To the psychiatry! Immediately! Your act is like a completely different person now! It’s scary-」



His wig was beginning to shift out of place. The teachers did everything they could to not look at it while surrounding the vice principal and desperately calmed him down. If he collapsed right now then who would shoulder the responsibility――not that, who would take command of them? Kazuko-sensei sloo~wly fixed the position of the shifted wig. With soft touch! With soft touch! Just like affectionately petting a kitty that was just born!



「Re, rest assured-, vice principal! There isn’t anything dangerous at all! It’s safe and secure! It’s not scary! Let’s get along! That’s the strategy after all!」



「Try speaking the definition word by word! Isn’t there a gap with your understanding of it!?」



‘Aa, vice principal, don’t move! It’s sliding down again!’



「It’s fine! Please have faith! Surely you will be able to see a dream-like world!」



「Rather I want to wake if this is a dream.」



The vice principal said only the last sentence with a straight face. The other teachers were greatly in agreement.



Anyway for the time being he stopped moving, so Kazuko-sensei splendidly accomplished her mission. It wasn’t out of place for even an inch. Rather, his hair style looked more ordered than before. The teachers sent praises inside their heart toward the technique of soft touch Kazuko.



.



.



.



Even though the teachers were trembling with fear in the staff room, the time was mercilessly moving.



The school festival finally began.



Thanks to the capable local polices, or perhaps thanks to the notification of 「banning anyone related to the mass media in the school festival」 that was sent beforehand, the marching mass media people didn’t mess up the school festival from the start and cheerful hustle and bustle echoed through the school.



It wasn’t like someone somewhere had limited the visitors by taking measures beforehand……there was no such thing. That was the story they were sticking with.



That someone somewhere was walking toward the front gate brazenly. He was gathering attention whether he wanted it or not. That too was also something that couldn’t be helped. The reason was,



「Hoee~, we’re surrounded just as expected~」



「……Nn. Just as planned.」



「Although this is so we won’t get separated……as I thought I can’t calm down.」



「It can’t be helped, Shizuku-chan. I don’t want the long awaited school festival to be ruined because of our fault.」



Because beautiful girls who should be called as “first-rate” were assembled. Furthermore they were surrounding a single male student――Hajime.



Yue naturally entangled her hand with Hajime’s right arm. Kaori was holding the area around the elbow of the opposite arm. Shizuku and Shia were right behind them, but their distance was too close for them to be a simple friend.



It was truly a harem. The single man who was monopolizing the beautiful girls gathered the focus of not only the outsiders but also the attending students. The eyes of the reporters were shining bright as though they were looking at a treasure trove of news material.



By the way, it was intentional that they were brazenly displaying the harem situation without even using any perception obstruction. By gathering attention, the reporters and onlookers were focused on them. In this way it would also be easy to respond in case something happened.



The other classmates were surely enjoying the school festival on their own. It was only Shinji and Yoshiki who were evaluating the quality of the reporters outside the encirclement in order to be caught in a trap of beautiful reporter. But currently there wasn’t any beautiful reporter.



When they arrived at the front gate, Hajime and co walked toward the corner. They took position at the corner of the admission gate that was like a scaled down version of the arch of triumph the student council inherited for generations so that they wouldn’t obstruct the traffic.



There were also many other students who were doing the same like them. Their reason was the same with Hajime and co. In other words, they were going to meet the invitees.



They were having idle talk while waiting for the arrival of their family members. It was then a hawker aiming for the visitors came. It seemed the student wished to sell soft ice cream to them. They were really spirited seeing how they were preparing ice cream for a school festival but, to even do travelling sales like this……they were really motivated.



Shia immediately stepped forward while holding such impression.



「Oo, one please! Desu!」



「Ah, ye, yes-, thank you for your business!」



The eyes of the male student working as hawker immediately acted suspiciously. When he accepted the ticket that they had converted their money into beforehand, his eyes looked charmed just from touching Shia’s fingertip slightly.



The male student-kun kept staring with enraptured look at Shia who had immediately turned around. An elementary school boy was pulling at his sleeve while appealing 「Quickly sell the ice cream to me」. The male student-kun took out one ice cream from his cooler box and handed it to the boy without even asking for any ticket.



‘Eh? Is it alright? For free?’ The boy asked. The male student-kun nodded without even looking at the boy. It was like he had turned into an ice cream giving robot. The elementary school boy cheered ‘waaa~I’ while going back to his parent. After that many parents sent their kids to charge thinking that 「So it’s welcome ice cream huh!」.



The ice cream was rapidly disappearing……



「Nn-, this is really delicious. Here, Hajime-san. Aa~nn」



「Nn. Ah, you’re right. It’s normally delicious.」



「……Nn. I’ll take a bite too. Delicious.」



「Ah, this is nice.」



「……Is he alright? His products are rapidly getting taken away there……ah, it’s delicious.」



Hajime and others shared the ice cream with each other without any hesitation. The surrounding were focusing on them looking like 「I, it feels like we’re watching an amazing sight……」. The attention from the outside visitors were especially great. There were also conversations like 「Okaa-san, that’s……」「Don’t look at them!」.



In any case, the ice cream male student returned to his senses. He made a face that seemed to say 「Shit, shiitt-, I know already! But I can’t accept this!」. At the same time, he saw inside his empty box and his face quickly turned pale.



Ignoring the male student who was returning to the school building trudgingly, the surrounding was getting noisy at Hajime and co who were naturally showing their flirting when finally, the cause for even more commotion arrived.



「Papaaa~~~~!!」



「They’re here.」



*Suteteteteee*, the one who came running with a smile like flower in full bloom was Myuu. Without braking she dived on the chest of Hajime papa. Seeing that, 「A student is a papa!?」 Mutter mutter!! Whisper whisper!!



The reporters who had been told beforehand of the prohibition to take picture started taking picture secretly with a small camera!



The central character of returnees, Nagumo Hajime has a daughter!? A private life of indulgence!! Are the returnees abnormal just as expected!?



They were surely imagining that kind of headline. Of course, their cameras were short circuited for some reason though.



「Geez, Myuu. Don’t leave mama behind.」



The one who came rushing with quick footsteps was again a beauty from foreign country who would make anyone stunned. The eyes of the male camp reflexively got pulled toward her.



「Myuu, it’s no good if you don’t properly show your admission ticket.」



Hajime welcomed Remia while lifting up Myuu with one arm. He approached the female students who were in charge of processing people’s admission who were looking on open mouthed at them.



「Myu, I forget. Onee-san, the ticket! Can I enter inside? Nano」



「Does Remia bring yours?」



「Yes dear. Fufu, the place is really lively.」



Seeing the figure of Remia snuggling close to Hajime with Myuu in between caused the female student in charge of the admission to move stiffly like robot while speaking「Yes, please. Enjoy, yourself, with your, family」 in halting language.



People were gathering at the admission gate. A male student with a daughter……furthermore, it was a girl around the age of five years old. In other words, that male student when he was in middle school caused that foreign beautiful woman to……



Several male students yelled「Is this the stratified societyyyyyyyy-」 while running away. The officers in plain clothes were itching to give some guidance despite the order from above to ignore anything like this.



「Goshujin-sama, it seems the situation art getting quite difficult.」



「What Tio, so you came too.」



「Wha, what. That sounds like I am singled as outcast……cough-」



Even though usually she would go ‘haa haa’, Tio now only blushed slightly while looking completely like a composed adult woman……she smiled bewitchingly with such atmosphere. She was dressed in kimono that looked more proper than her usual appearance with her hair also arranged. It was as though……she was a wife of a yakuza boss.



Because she was at Hajime’s school, it seemed she more or less acted with consideration and suppressed her perversity. But on the contrary, that kind of adult woman calling Hajime as goshujin-sama was causing the perception toward Hajime to become dreadful instead.



Even though he was already being accompanied by an army of beautiful girl, he also had a foreign beauty with daughter and also a beauty in kimono too……



「This kind of world-, it’s mistaken-. GODDAMMITTTTTTT-」



The one who rushed out was a reporter of a major television station. It seemed he couldn’t endure the various things that he saw. Other than him there was also「Chieeef-, please don’t stop me! I’ll handcuff that bullshit brat hereee」「Stop-, I understand your feeling but don’t, don’t do that okay-」 The police officers were also in dire straits.



「Oh my, as expected, it become something amazing!」



「I’m correct to push my work to my subordinates and come here!」



「Kaa-san, Tou-san. So you two also came.」



It was obvious that it would become amusing thing. The best seller mangaka and the game company director wouldn’t possibly miss such chance. Sumire and Shuu were watching with sparkling eyes like kids.



There, a reporter who finally couldn’t endure anymore rushed forward.



「Do you have a bit of time? Please talk――」



「――『Turn right about face and have fun with the school festival』」



「Yes-, let’s have fun in the festival!」



The reporter smiled brightly and turned around with a smooth movement. Without stopping he skipped while vanishing inside the crowd.



The commotion suddenly fell deathly silent. The attention of the surrounding moved from the relation of Hajime and the female camp to focus on Yue-sama alone.



「……Nn, what?」



Her appearance tilting her head slightly was adorable like in a dream. Exactly because of that, she somehow felt slightly terrifying. Inside the sleepy looking unblinking eyes, something that couldn’t be touched was lurking……those eyes made them felt like that.



「Then, Myuu. Let’s look around randomly until the show time.」



「Yes nano!」



The lively and energetic reply of Myuu caused the surrounding people to feel really relieved for some reason.



.



.



.



After that, Sumire and Shuu quickly parted from them to go have fun. Midway, they discovered Kaori papa who abandoned his work and watched from behind a cover. Kaori sighed and parted from them. After that they joined up with Aiko and when she feed Hajime with 「Aa~nn」, vice principal ferociously came running. In front of that, Aiko said 「Leave vice principal to me and go ahead! Don’t worry, I’ll immediately catch up with you later」 with strange tension that was characteristic of festival mood and quickly parted from them. With such things happened, Hajime and co enjoyed the school festival in their own way for a while.



Shizuku called at Hajime who was lovingly wiping the mouth of Myuu that got dirtied from eating choco banana. She looked strangely reserved.



「Hajime. Actually, there is a class that invited me. They really want me to come no matter what.」



「Hm? Alright. What’re they doing?」



「A maid café it seems.」



「That’s the standard event in manga or anime but, to think that there is really a class that is doing it.」



「It’s that girl’s class after all……」



「That girl huh……」



It made sense. The one lying in wait at the classroom they visited was,



「Welcome home-, Onee-sama!! And then, so you come too, this accursed senpai-」



It was kouhai-chan. She was dressed as frilly maid. Her trademark twintail was swaying back and forth.



「Wait, did senpai kidnap a little girl!?」



「Do you want that twintail to be tied in reef knot again?」



The maid café became noisy. Strangely, there wasn’t a single boy among the café staffs or the customers. Even though a maid café felt like a place where boys would gather.



「Papa, who is this Onee-chan?」



「She is a hard to describe organism that Myuu has no need to know for eternity.」



「Who’re you calling a SAN point devouring monster! Wait, that’s not it! What does she mean by papa!? Hah, don’t tell me……Onee-sama! Since when you gave birth!?」



「What are you saying with that loud voice!」



Surprised gazes focused on Shizuku.



「Yo, you’re right. From her hair color, could it be she is the daughter of that person there……miss, please don’t worry. I heard that today there are also a lot of polices here. Let’s hand over that devil to them! What’s necessary is the courage to ask for help!」



「My my, what an amusing person.」



‘Ufufu’, Remia smiled warmly. Her soft and light atmosphere made kouhai-chan to recoil for some reason. 「Thi, this is an adult’s composure……」She muttered something like that.



「Anyway, show us our seating already kouhai.」



「Don’t order me around! Here, there’s your seat!」



The customer should be a goshujin-sama, but the maid kouhai said not to order her around. Yue and others were used to her, but Myuu, Remia, and Tio who met kouhai-chan for the first time were looking at her like she was a rare animal. They thought, there had never been a girl who would oppose Hajime so strongly like this from the front.



「Tap water will be okay for senpai right? Everyone, what will you have?」



Kouhai-chan said that cheerfully. She really had guts. But, there, a purely innocent gaze attacked kouhai-chan.



「Papa will only get water nano?」



「Uh」



Kouhai-chan backed away. Hajime grinned while whispering to Myuu. 「That’s right. Papa is getting harassed by this onee-chan」 He said.



「Wai-, senpai! That’s cowar――」



「Onee-chan, you hate papa nano?」



「Fuguh」



「……Then, Myuu will also have water nano.」



Myuu was looking dejectedly at the delicious looking cake and juice on other table while saying such lovable thing. Critical hit on kouhai-chan. Her life gauge was at red zone.



「The, the-the-the, there is no such thing-. Hahahaaa, joking! Yes, I was just joking!」



「……」



Myuu whose mood was offended wouldn’t even look to kouhai-chan who was pacifying her. ‘Puih’ she looked side. It was a scene of a high school girl picking on a young and sweet little girl. Kouhai-chan was fretful to a degree that she never felt until now.



「I’ll prepare a special cake for Myuu-chan!」



Myuu gave a short glance. ‘You can do this! Move right to the second arrow!’ The surrounding was also backing kouhai-chan.



「Actually, there is also a corner to try on maid uniform! There’s also a maid uniform in Myuu-chan’s size there! Do you want to try wearing a cute maid uniform!?」



「……myu」



Myuu’s eyes moved to papa. It seemed she slightly wanted to try it. When Hajime nodded, her expression brightened radiantly.



「Now now-, Myuu-chan come over here! One customer for trying on the maid uniform!」



A voice 「Roger!」 came from deeper inside the classroom that was covered with a partition. Myuu was guided inside. While she was changing, the menu they ordered also came. Though kouhai-chan was gritting her teeth *gugigigigigi-* when she put down the coffee that Hajime ordered.



After a while, a voice 「Preparation finished!」 that sounded excessively vigorous came from inside. When everyone’s gazes were focused to the partition, a small maid came out form there with brisk small steps……



「My! Myuu, you’re adorable!」



「Ou, that really suit you, Myuu.」



「Myu……」



Myuu blushed shyly and fidgeted at the impression of her mama and papa. Yue and others also raised voices of praise seeing that overly lovable appearance. Enraptured sigh 「Hou」 leaked out everywhere inside the classroom.



Myuu walked toward kouhai-chan even while fidgeting. And then, with blushing cheeks and upward gaze, she smiled softly,



「Onee-chan, thank you nano.」



「Are you angel」



Kouhai-chan backed away. Like a demon who flinched back from the light of purification bathing her.



After that Myuu sat on Hajime papa’s lap and started eating cake in a good mood. Kouhai-chan was looking restless for some reason. Her gaze was wandering around frequently to the surrounding, as though to say 「Wha, what now. We’re going to do it in this situation!? We’re really going to do it!?」.



Before long, kouhai-chan confirmed that Hajime and co already had their fill of the cakes and drinks, and she said 「The war front against senpai is a path of carnageee!!」 with her expression became resolved.



Kouhai-chan stood in the way of Hajime who stood up from his seat.



「That was foolish of you, senpai!」



「Not as much as you.」



「Like a moth flying into the flame, that’s what senpai is!」



「It feels like bugs are constantly flying around inside your head though.」



‘Come on-‘, said kouhai-chan with a finger snap. Right away, the café staffs and customers surrounded Hajime in half circle. In addition, they took out water gun from inside their skirt and pointed the muzzles at Hajime.



「This is like the movie I saw before this nano!」



「Yeah, the one where everyone inside the restaurant is secret service agents.」



Kouhai-chan sighed in relieve seeing Myuu who watched in excitement instead of getting scared while snorting.



「Fuh, senpai never even imagined that this place is actually inside the trap of us Soul Sisters right?」



「You’re really hopeless huh, kouhai.」



「Shut up! Now, senpai can have your lower body soaking wet and get looked with gaze of 『that person, he peed himself……』 by everyone! Senpai’s reputation will fall to the bottom and Onee-sama will be liberated!」



That seemed to be their strategy. Shizuku’s cheeks were twitching while saying 「You girls are really」. Before she could say her honest opinion to them, the simultaneous shooting from the merciless Soul Sisters was……



「Ah!? Wait, a sec――」



The scream came from kouhai-chan.



Kouhai-chan was captured in an instant and turned into a shield against the fired water bullet. Her lower body was soaked wet. And then, she was dragged and tossed outside the classroom.



A maid high school girl suddenly flew out of the classroom. Water was seeping out from around the butt of the girl who was sitting with girlish posture on the ground.



Silence visited the corridor that was filled with a lot of people following after Hajime and co. Kouhai-chan’s face boiled red *puff~~~~*……



「Thi, this isn’t how it look likeeeeee-!!」



She ran away pigeon-toed. While at the end she also properly left her parting threat 「Damn senpaii-, I’ll remember thissss-」.



「And, what’re you girls going to do now?」



That voice resounded inside the classroom. The Soul Sisters returned to their senses in surprise, and there they noticed. Without them noticing, the water gun had gone from their hand. And then, they saw at Nagumo-senpai’s hands, water guns were pointed to them in dual wielding style.



Nagumo-senpai had locked-on at the lower body of the Soul Sisters!



「「「「Do, don’t think you’ve win with thisssssss-」」」」



The Soul Sisters ran away with splendid synchronization.



「School is really a fun place nano. Myuu also want to go to elementary school quickly nano.」



Most likely, surely, she wouldn’t be able to go through a school life as eccentric as here. While thinking that, Hajime and others shut their mouth so to not break Myuu’s dream.



「Oh, it will be time soon. Let’s go.」



The time for the program of the returnees class finally arrived.



.



AN: After this, the last part will also be uploaded within today.



Best regards.



(TN: That was the author note, the translator can’t guarantee that the next chapter will be today.)





Chapter 350




.



AN: School Festival Second Part was uploaded before.



Those who still haven’t read it, please start from there!



There was a crimson tent boasting a majestic appearance that was too splendid for something in a school’s courtyard.



The audience seating in stairway shape set up inside it was filled to the brim. Myuu and others were also sitting at the front row with eyes that were filled with expectation.



Among them, there were people who were making serious expression.



「It’s amazing that they built this kind of facility. This isn’t at the level of school festival.」



「Yeah. Besides……don’t you think it feels strangely spacious? I got the feeling that it doesn’t match with its outside appearance……」



「Perhaps, it’s their way of using space? I won’t doubt it even if I’m told that this is the work of pro. Perhaps it might even be the government that gave them the referral?」



The people who were talking with each other like that were the reporters――a senior and a junior of a certain weekly magazine. The senior reporter was someone who was famous in their business circle. His sharp assessment and investigation were acknowledged. Perhaps because of that, there were a lot of people of the same profession sitting near the senior reporter in order to pay attention to his behavior.



Inside the noisy tent where various sentiments wondering what in the world would happen were mingled, the buzzer that notified of the curtain raising finally rang. The lighting was turned off and a spotlight illuminated the back of the stage.



When they followed the source of the spotlight, there was the figure of Kouki there. From the appearance, the light was exceedingly splendid. There wasn’t any doubt that the equipment could be used even in theater or the like.



No one would even think that the lighting at the level of pro was only the outward appearance. In actuality Kouki who possessed unparalleled attribute in light element magic was in charge of the lighting using magical mean as well as camouflage.



The audiences focused at the spotlight.



Then



――No, no way-. I never heard about this! Why should I!



――To be more precise it’s not you. What we need is the “lord”.



――In the scenario it’s clearly written “Opening: South Cloud leader”!



――Endo……that’s a lie



――You, you guys, you schemed this!? Don’t screw around-, I absolutely won’t do it! Ah, this is binding light chain!? Shirasaki!?



――Nn, Endo. Will you relax?



――Even Yue-san……do, don’t tell me, you’ll force me with Divine Statement? No, no way-, stop-, stop itttttttt-



A scream burst out from within the darkness.



The venue fell completely silent in a good way.



A beat later, someone came out with an amaziiing rotation! Kouki’s lighting hurriedly chased after the silhouette that moved to the center of the stage while rotating in succession with high speed.



「Ladii~~es & gentlemeeen! Welcome, to South Cloud Circus group! To the world of dream!!」



A trademark pose while making the sound *kyu kyu* from the floor! The butterfly mask that was replacing the sunglass was pushed up smartly-. Without a pause the person brushed up his hair with a smooth hand motion while breathing 「Fuh」 with a superb leaning posture!



「Your guide of the waking dream――Kousuke E Abyssgate……no」



Another 「fuh」 was leaked out! One hand brushed up the front hair and stayed up while the other hand pointed sharply at the audience seats! The audiences jerked and shivered. In various senses.



「The Abyss Lord.」



*Dodododo-* A drum roll resounded and a music that sounded excessively solemn for some reason danced in the air.



「Today in this time, in this place, everyone here will surely taste the mystery of the world.」



Another meaningless rotation.



「Everyone will surely sense a fragment of the abyss and put a lid on your common sense!!」



Lighting, come onn-.



Kouki desperately responded to the instruction that wasn’t in the plan. As the captain of the people in charge of the lighting, he gave instruction without delay and produced spotlights of seven color in conjunction with the other classmates.



In that instant, 「Ooo!?」 commotion spread.



From behind the guide of waking dream――Abyss Lord, another Abyss Lord with exactly the same appearance showed up as though they had split.



「「But, rest assured!」」



The voices that were in harmony were also completely the same. ‘What trick is this!?’ the senior reporter stared hard with his eyes opened wide like a dinner plate.



But, from behind that senior reporter……



「You can simply, simply, enjoy this moment to your heart’s content!」



An Abyss Lord with exactly the same appearance appeared. Since when he was at the audience seating? Of course, the instant Abyss Lord appeared, the clones normally came. Without really hiding, the clones came normally.



The audiences were dumbfounded and the reporters were overcome with surprise. Even amidst that, Abyss Lord’s multiplication didn’t stop. Abyss Lords appeared from two more places. They went 「Oh, isn’t this my beloved little sister and big brother」 and 「Fuh」 toward the middle school female student and the male university student who were nearby, but the two of them looked down until the limit and wouldn’t meet the lord’s gaze.



「「「「「An experience that will be only once in your life. This is the stage of wonder that you won’t be able to see for the second time!!」」」」」



The outside appearance of the person who was smoothly multiplying was exactly the same. Even when it was seen from nearby no one could guess what kind of trick was behind it.



By the way, looking at how clones were further making more clones, it went without saying how deep the depth level of the lord was. Our vampire princess-sama was without mercy.



Right after that, scream rose from the audience seating. It wasn’t because of synchronization with scathing opinion of 「Looking at the multiplication process once more……it’s a bit scary huh」 from the classmates behind the stage.



It was because flame was suddenly spreading on the stage. A wing that was starting to blow from somewhere whirled and swept away the flame. It was as though the flame itself was spreading like it was dancing.



Then, a single young man appeared from inside the flame. With a way of walking that was like a model, he walked to the center of the stage while making a look that might be the best posed look the person himself could do――



Before he arrived at the center, he vanished. It was as though the young man received a tackle from a certain someone who flew out with godspeed and got sent flying.



‘What is he showing up for……’ The audiences questioned in their mind. The answer for that was, 「……Even I wanted to stand out…..I saw you on the stage! Please go out with me! I wanted someone to tell me that……」. With how the audiences couldn’t listen to that testimony of a certain Shinji, the answer would be forever covered in darkness.



The Abyss Lords pulled themselves together and gathered on the stage with acrobatic movements. While astonished voices were raised seeing the midair leaps, Abyss Lords became one once more on the stage and he spread put both his arms in a flash.



「Now, carve it into your memory! It’s the time of mystery!!」



With those words as the signal, the Abyss Lord vanished behind the curtain with super consecutive back somersault that would be impossible for most people. The one who leaped out as replacement was――



「Wha, what’s that-」



Someone yelled. Everyone held their breath. After all, what appeared by breaking through the wall of flame was a huge wolf. The howling figure was like the king of beast. The huge body and pressure that were impossible for existing organism in this world made the audiences to make noise ‘waa’ and ‘kyaa’.



That was why, no one hear any sound like the sobbing voice of a person who seemed to be the Abyss Lord resounding from behind the curtain.



Next,



『Everyone, please don’t worry! The name of that wolf is “Karashio”-chan. He is a pet doggie that can be found anywhere.』



The heavenly voice in the role as presenter and commentary――Nana emphasized. 「No matter how you looked at it, that’s a monster like Fenrir or Cerberus isn’t it!?」「If there is any pet like that it will be an immediate report to the police!」 Right after those rapid pounding of tsukkomi from the audiences,



――Ka, Karashio she said!? Ah, metamorphosis magic huh!? I don’t know anything about this y’know!? Shouldn’t it be substitution using Grim Reaper or something!?



――Sakagami……that was a lie.



――So you schemed this huuuh-. Wait, Suzu, why won’t you meet my gaze since some time ago. Don’t tell me, it’s you!? What the hell have you done to our Karashio!



――Ka, Karashio-chan also said that he want to become wolf! More importantly look! It’s your turn now!



――God dammit-



Such voices also resounded, but even those yells weren’t noticed.



Ryutaro leaped out from behind the curtain.



「Karashio-. I’m gonna return you to normal now!」



『It’s the entrance of the owner! The two of them are always together! They’re like close siblings!』



Ryutaro quietly held out his hand.



*Haup*, there was such sound. Karashio’s jaws were snugly covering Ryutaro’s hand. It was exactly the scene of a pet dog biting the hand of its owner.



*Splurt* The blood that was spurting out was surely paint, no doubt about it.



『Oops! Karashio-chan is trying to overthrow his owner! What will the owner do!?』



Nana was getting into the mood. Even though it was circus, she was becoming like a live commentator.



Originally it was a scenario of Grim Reaper versus werewolf, so Ryutaro transformed half in desperation.



「You’re being disobedient huh, KARASHIOOOOOOO-」



A stir surged from the audience seats. A high school boy was transforming before their eyes. That appearance was exactly like the werewolf in story.



「Se, senpai-, just what is this!?」



「The, the flame must be projection mapping or something! The clones and the wolf and the werewolf, they’re all special makeup!」



「That’s too forced-」



The reporters were also in chaos. In any case the gazes of everyone were fixed on the stage. It was truly just like the Abyss Lord said, it was like they were pulled into a world of dream. In addition, the vice principal who came to monitor the situation collapsed with the white of his eyes showing. Aiko who was also came to supervise hurriedly supported him.



「Garururu- (I won’t return to be dog-)」



「Stupid idiot!」



Karashio who became a wolf that was his dearest wish and the werewolf Ryutaro clashed on the stage. Even the audiences who were in daze at the beginning, after hearing the voices like 「Both sides do your best~~」 from Myuu and others who conveniently turned into hired applauder, they gradually threw away their common sense 「Who cares about the detail!」 and began to get excited.



『Strong-, Karashio-chan is strong! As expected from the partner of the wolf boy! At this rate this might get out of hand!』



Nana might have talent as a live commentator. Sparked by her yell, the audiences sent out words of encouragement to Karashio and his owner in loud voices.



Nana raised her voice following the scenario of South Cloud leader toward those audiences.



『Is there any wild-animal tamer among the audiences!? Or perhaps, is there any zoo caretaker here who can manage somehow if they’re against something at the level of Fenrir or werewolf!?』



Everyone thought, ‘No way there’s anyone like that!’ and ‘You raise the hurdle of zoo caretaker too much!’.



「There is!」



‘There is one!?’ while such tsukkomi echoed, the one who stood up from the audience seats was a high school girl who dressed like a gal. Or rather, it was Taeko.



Takeo got down on the stage with light and jaunty footsteps. Announcer Nana addressed her.



『Dear audience! Do you have a whippp!?』



「I have! I’m a high school girl after all!」



‘Where in the world there is high school girl who constantly carry around a whip’, such tsukkomi resounded inside everyone’s heart.



They also did their best to ignore Nana’s sales pitch 『That’s certainly natural! Whip is convenient. It can be used for taming, and also for taming, after that it can also be used for taming! If there are those who still doesn’t have one, after this show we will open a stand that display and sale the product, so please look around and purchase one there!』.



Taeko swung her whip *pishi- pishi-* loudly with a strangely good mood. Karashio’s gaze moved to behind the curtain. The leader’s thumb up came out suddenly. Karashio nodded and changed his target to Taeko while growling.



「Ei-」



A cute shout. However, the sound of slashing through wind that the whip generated wasn’t normal. It was to a degree that Karashio leaped back quite fearfully. *Hyugoh, buruannn, shugoooo-*, the tip of the whip that made the pleasant sound moved with a speed that easily surpassed the speed of sound. It was already producing afterimages that it looked like it was splitting into many whips.



「Ei-」



「Owah-!?」



The whip flew toward the werewolf with a smile. The whip’s ferociously attacked Karashio and werewolf Ryutaro like Yamato no Orochi.



The two of them dodged with splendid combination, but seeing Ryutaro and Karashio’s desperate look, the whip handling of Taeko who was gradually looking more ecstatic was increasing in intensity……



Karashio left behind his master and quickly showed his belly. It was a posture that screamed 「I’m fine with being just a dog already」.



「Karashio!?」



Ryutaro let his guard down and the whip hit. 「Abii!?」 Ryutaro made a strange scream, however, he endured it with his inherent guts. He took a stance imposingly and grinned fearlessly,



「Come at me more! Get me even more heated up!」



Ryutaro intended to make the audiences even more excited with a lovely adlibbed line but……



When he accidentally looked, there was a small silhouette peeking out from the edge of the curtain――it was Suzu. Her eyes were expressing her feeling more eloquently than anything. It said, 「……pervert」. At the same time, there was a cheering voice that was louder than anyone from the audience seats.



「Keep going-, Ryutaro! Thy should open that door-」



It was the hopeless dragon-san. When he turned his gaze to her, she gave a thumb up with a nice smile.



「I, I ain’t like youuuuuuu-」



At this rate he would be acknowledged as pervert. He ignored things like rousing the audiences and quickly moved to end the show of whip’s superb technique and werewolf’s godly dodging but……Taeko-san who was starting to get into the mood was unexpectedly strong!



The rampage of Taeko was really getting out of hand, so a new instruction came from South Cloud leader.



『This is a disasterrr-. Among the audiences, is there a wizard who can do something about this with just a few words of “because it’s fantasy”!?』



The audiences weren’t having any doubt anymore.



「There is one here! Today is the anniversary of the establishment Hogwar○ school of witchcraft and wizardry, so I’m accidentally here yeah!」



The one who stood up was Kentarou. He headed to the stage and waved a short wand. Instantly, thick white smoke rose up and covered the stage from view. It was the magic of petrification. Taeko and Ryutaro whose movement was forcefully stopped were recovered by Kaori in godspeed.



The flame and wind were also settling down along with the white smoke. During that time the leader gave Shia the go sign.



The one who leaped out from inside the white smoke was a rabbit eared clown riding on a giant ball. She was wearing a colorful clown costume that was arranged to look cute and a red cushion ball on her nose. It was a rabbit clown.



Cheers rose seeing the display of magnificent acrobatics that would make any acrobatic group went pale.



Then,



『Dear guests! Please look at below your seat!』



When they followed the words of announcer Nana, they found a basket there that was filled with a lot of rubber ball.



Right after that, the rabbit clown was,



「Try hitting me with that if you can desuu~~. Well, it’ll be impossible for the ordinary people thoughhh! Pugyaaa—-」



She provoked with an annoying face and gesture as though she had a role model for it.



Tio who accepted the role as hired applauder stood up in order to make the guests discarded their hesitation,



「Thou shall die-」



She said and threw quite seriously. The ball that flew while making the sound of roaring wind caused the guests to instantly go pale, but the rabbit clown dodged with a nimble somersault. She grinned while standing upside down with one hand on the large ball.



「Eeeh? Did you do something just nooow? Ah, you threw just now eh! Slooo~~w! Coould it be you have stiff shoulders? Puu-giggle giggle-」



Even though she knew it was just an act, vein snapped on Tio’s forehead. The rabbit tail that was shaking left and right to make fun of her looked excessively irritating.



「Dear guests~, what are you doing hesitating like thattt~. Even though you won’t be able to even graze mee! Fuhyahyahyah」



Behind the curtain, Hajime and Yue spoke 「Uwaa, her copying rate is high~」 in admiration. One of the audiences stood up, then another……



They started to throw all at once!



「Funfufu~~n♪ Can’t you quickly throw alreadyy~. Ah, I’m sorry! Everyone has actually started!」



Why won’t the ball hit! You- you-! Don’t get carried away damn you!



「It’s fine for everyone to get serious soon you knoow? Ah, everyone is already serious? I’m sorry-, I never even thought that everyone’s level is only to that degreee~, pupuh」



Match the timing! What’re you all doing there! The barrage is thin!



A mysterious sense of unity was starting to form among the audiences. Even the reporters right now were getting absorbed with throwing balls.



However, the annoying rabbit clown was hopping *pyon pyon* from ball to ball, from the stage’s pillar to pillar. She moved around freely to every direction round and round, and it was just as she said, the balls didn’t even graze her. Coupled with her nonchalant face it was truly irritating.



And so, announcer Nana asked the audiences like every time.



『This is annoying! Isn’t there any master of throwing among the guests!?』



「If there is any then that clown will have been shot down already!」



「The, there is one here!」



「There is one!?」



The one who stood up was Yuuka. The angry yell of the senior reporter was only natural, so she went forward while twitching slightly.



『Do you bring anything to throoww-』



「I do!」



Yuuka crossed both her hands in a flash, and trump cards were spread out in a fanning shape.



「Go-, Funne○!!」



It was the leader’s instruction. It seemed he wanted her to say that no matter what. The trump cards were thrown all at once. Even though they were thrown simultaneously, all of them rotated in high speed while approaching from different directions. They didn’t stop there, right after the rabbit clown dodged, the cards made a U-turn and rushed from behind. The trump cards came from literally every direction.



The trump cards that returned to their owner were immediately thrown again. Two set of cards were already thrown into the storm of trump cards. A total of 108 cards were dancing wildly on the stage.



It was an omni-directional juggling by throwing more than a hundred cards.



In front of that godly feet, the audiences were watching with their anger toward the provocation vanishing without a trace.



However, as expected from the rabbit clown.



「I, is she splitting up her upper body?」



「I, is that, afterimage? That’s impossible」



The voices of the reporters were astonished. Their mouths were fully opened as though their jaw had come off from beign shown the afterimage dodging like a certain Matri○ agent in real life.



『That was close-. It seems that the speed is insufficient by throwing cards! And so, is there any greengrocer among the guests here!?』



Why greengrocer? While such question was filling the audiences, naturally,



「There’s one here!」



Kaori said while standing up and lifting up shopping bags with full capacity on both her hands.



『Next is there a master of old school of sword art here!?』



「There is one!」



Of course, Shizuku also stood up. It was really audiences seats that were filled by every kind of people.



Like that, Kaori threw vegetables――radish, carrot, celery, cucumber toward Shizuku. Shizuku shaped them into sticks with butter knife. Courteously, the vegetable sticks were then flying toward Yuuka from the impact of the cutting.



The electrifying sword art, or rather the butter knife art due to the consideration toward the swords and firearms control law didn’t even give the audiences time to raise their voice in admiration. The vegetable sticks that got settled between Yuuka’s fingers were thrown with speed that made them looked blurry.



It was the moment that the vegetable stick throwing skill that not only could pierce wooden plank, but even thin iron plate or smartphone was born.



At the same time, the side effect was activated.



「It’s a waste!」



The rabbit clown couldn’t dodge. She could only catch the sticks with her mouth and chewed *kari-kari, mokyuu-mokyuu* in high speed.



As the result, she couldn’t win against the quantity,



「Abaah」



The rabbit clown was toppled over while holding on the vegetable sticks. It was truly comical like a buffoon. ‘Waaaaah’ The audiences cheered in excitement.



Yuuka who helped the rabbit clown to stand up, and Kaori and Shizuku, the four of them bowed gracefully toward the audiences. Everyone sent them applauses without holding back.



In front of the developments that were like raging waves from the start, there were already no one who could focus to question or doubt anything, right now anyone was boiling up to simply do nothing but enjoying the world of dream that was overflowing with godly feat.



After that.



The shows of the other classmates were completed, and at the end it was Yue.



The lighting was turned off temporarily on the stage and when the lighting showered down once more, there was the figure of a girl sitting on a chair floating there. That figure that wasn’t twitching at the slightest while sitting limply without any strength, coupled with her beautiful face caused many audiences to misunderstand that she was a life-sized bisque doll.



Using telepathy, Yue’s voice resounded directly into everyone’s head. A tale of a doll that wished to become the lover of the young man it loved was spun.



Right after that, the space glittered. It was the beginning of a time of magic.



Countless fine fragments were tinged with light and glittered. Suzu who was one of lighting team produced them. It was a show using “Holy Severance – Cherry Blossom” (the technique to control the fragments of a broken up Holy Severance).



Doll Yue that received magic had life breathed into her and moved. There many audiences finally understood that she wasn’t a bisque doll but a real girl. Enraptured sighs were leaked out from them.



But, the change didn’t end. Golden light enveloped Yue, and her figure changed into an adult woman. The peerless beauty caused everyone to forget to even breathe. Then right after that, the audiences cheered ‘waaah’.



It was because the beauty floated lightly. It was as though she wasn’t restraining by anything anymore, she drifted in the air lightly like a feather. The figure that was enveloped in golden light like aurora was so beautiful it would entrance anyone.



It should even be expressed with the word divine.



It was completely silent. The quietness came as though there was a tacit understanding that they mustn’t break the mystical time.



In the middle of that, Yue sang. The voice that was smoother, more charming, and more glamorous than any musical instrument rode on the melody and spread.



Anyone was intoxicated by the gentle and calm singing voice.



But, the song was gradually rising in tempo. When anyone noticed the musical tone had changed into a joyful song that would make anyone’s body naturally followed the rhythm.



It was the finale.



The people who had been performing until now were coming up on the stage one by one.



Even Kouki and others who were in charge of lighting came up on the stage and the one who came out last was the South Cloud leader aka Hajime.



Yue showed a happy smile from the bottom of the heart that anyone understood that only this smile wasn’t an acting. She got down and took Hajime’s hand.



The sprightly song excited the audiences to the peak……



Like that,



「With this the dream time is over. Thank you very much for coming to watch the performance of us returnees. Please enjoy the continuation of the school festival.」



Hajime came forward and bowed. Following him all the classmates also bowed.



Right after that, cheers shook the air as though there was explosion. The wild enthusiasm that was reverberating like an electric shock was surely without a doubt spreading throughout the school. Whistling resounded and applauses were playing out like heavy thunder.



Hajime and others smiled wryly, however they bowed once more with a face that showed a sense of accomplishment. Yue secretly opened the tent with magic, and from there light of reality shined in.



With that the audiences finally went out in droves as though they had woken up from their dream but……



The heat inside their heart didn’t feel like it would cool down for a while.



After that, perhaps that heat propagated.



The people who learned that the performance was only for one time rushed the school festival committee to protest. The vice principal said 「Do it until your limit!」 even while almost fainting. With that go sign, Hajime and co hurriedly performed nonstop until four times.



At the post-festival event after the school festival was over, as expected even the returnees from other world became totally exhausted.



「……Haa, in the end we couldn’t look around the school festival except at the morning. Even though I wanted to show Myuu around more.」



Hajime said that while sighing. Yue who was snuggling on him let out a chuckle.



「……Nn. You regret it?」



When Hajime noticed, all the classmates were looking at him. Hajime looked to be thinking for a bit before he shrugged. And then, he lied down spread-eagled and entrusted his body to the pleasant fatigue that he hadn’t felt for so long.



「There’s a sense of accomplishment that is equal with that last decisive battle. It’s not a bad school festival.」



He said such thing along with a gentle smile.



Seeing everyone’s demon king-sama like that, Yue and others were also lying down spread-eagled one after another while laughing in agreement.



「……You’re trying to end this with a good vibes but, Nagumo, I won’t forget the resentment of turning me into Abyss Lord.」



「……Endo? So you’re here.」



「Obviously I’m here! I’ll cry you know!」



Everyone jerked for a moment. When they recognized that it was the lord――or rather Kousuke, bright laughter spread once more.



.



.



.



Also, this matter of school festival was greatly publicized in the mass media. It also became a great commotion in the internet and Hajime ended up running around to deal with the fallout but……



It was the fault of the performance of South Cloud leader who knew no self-restrain――in other words he reaped what he sowed, so he worked hard even while shadow was forming under his eyes.



AN: Thank you very much for reading this every time.



Thank you very much too for the thoughts, opinions, and reports about misspelling and omitted words.



※ Material introduction



– Funne○ The romance weapon that came out in Gunda○



– The last musical tone The image was from the movie Greatest Showman. It was a lovely movie for Shirakome.



.



※ I’m ashamed but this is an advertisement. Arifureta Shokugyou de Sekai Saikyou Zero volume 3 is planned to be released in 25 March.



You will be able to see a lot of no good Meiru-oneesan. Also, things like the whole picture of Liberator’s organization, Van-chan who was the creator of ice and snow cavern that was currently in the middle of being conquered at volume 9, or the demon king will come out.



I hope that everyone will obtain it no matter what!



It’s also announced in Overlap-sama’s homepage, you please check there if you like.



.



※Special perk SS



When men gathered, naturally they will also talk about the girl they like.



And then, even when they talked secretly, there is also an onee-san who can view the past. So after that it was inevitable. It’s that kind of story.



If there is metamorphosis magic then it might be possible to remodel the body? Although, to listen to Miledy’s wish is a different problem.



It’s that kind of story.



Even for a heavy maid lover, o manly woman, you bastard is out of the question. It’s that kind of story of O-kun.



There is nothing that will hurt an adult more than a little girl’s consideration and pure and straightforward opinion.



The one who stood last was only the strongest little girl. It’s that kind of story.



As usual, it’s the story of the poster girl of the restaurant at the low-lying part of the royal capital Welnika Asha-chan chasing after Oscar.



She pushed on until the sea and at the end of her being adrift she encountered a certain pirate group…….



.



That’s all.



Is there any that caught your attention? I’ll be happy if you look forward to it!



Best regards!





Chapter 351




.



AN: Last time in Tortus Travel Journal



↑ We’re here right now



A du~~ull atmosphere was hanging in the air at the terrifying execution place that would make even brutal criminal to sob――at the bottom of Raisen Grand Canyon.



The fixed stare of the parents was staggering. Kaori and Shizuku were hugging Shia tightly as though to sandwich her.



「I see. So this is the encounter that is so sensational it shakes the brain――」



「As well as paralyzing, that it make you feel like flying in the sky, isn’t it.」



The eyes of the Nagumo husband and wife that were looking at their son were truly cold. The son in question was looking at the sky saying 「It will be evening soon huuh」. He was obstinately avoiding to meet their gaze.



As expected Yue also didn’t show any sign of meeting their gaze anytime soon, however, she was trying to make excuse desperately.



「……Tha, that’s, Otou-sama! Okaa-sama! I also had the door almost closed on me! My scalp was also scraped! How should I say it, this couldn’t be helped for Hajime at this time so!」



「Yue-chan said that, but your attitude was also really cold there. You pulled the rabbit ears too hard that Shia-chan became like onion.」



「……Nn-. ……She clung close to Hajime so……」



Yue was mumbling excuse with small voice in respond to what her mother-in-lawSumire pointed out while turning her gaze to the sky. The sky was also pretty like this at that time huuh……her expression seemed to say that.



Now then, Hajime’s group that came to travel in Tortus. Why were they falling into complicated atmosphere like this at the bottom of the canyon of death……



After taking a break for the sake of the parents who learned various shocking scenes and past at Orcus Great Labyrinth, Hajime and co departed to Raisen Great Canyon.



The majestic sight that was like Grand Canyon and the brutal monsters that swiftly attacked made the parents to shudder and their heart beating fast in excitement.



Like that, Hajime and co swept away the monsters in a flash while showing the “past playback” due to Shia’s strong request. Of course, it was the scene of their encounter with Shia.



Hajime understood that the atmosphere would become like this, so he was extremely reluctant to show the playback, but Shia herself was,



「Tou-sama-, Kaa-sama-! It’s here desu! Here! We met each other here! Now now, Yue-san! It’s the long awaited turn of me! Please replay the moving scene! Come, do it quickly!」



Shia said while hopping around like rabbit. Her rabbit ears were flapping *wassa wassa*, her rabbit tail was swaying *bun bun* while she requested with her tension at the max. Not just Sumire and other parents, even Kaori and other wives also became interested in seeing it and in the end, the past was replayed.



Yes, the figure of Haijme elbowing, electrifying, and at the end throwing Shia who was desperately asking for help toward a flock of Hyveriaflying dragon was displayed.



And, the atmosphere became like this.



「It’s really nostalgic desu~. Hajime-san who helped us in the end no matter whatever he said in the beginning was seriously tsundere! Isn’t it desuu~」



*Dopan-*



Dodge!



「Don’t call me tsundere.」



「……Nn. Hajime at that time was completely tsun.」



Seeing Shia dodging the bullet normally even while saying such thing, both Hajime and Yue said 「Even though she was a hopeless rabbit at that time……」 with an expression that was a mix of loneliness and nostalgia.



Kaori and Shizuku were still hugging Shia while,



「Uu, this kind of encounter is just too much. I can understand why Shia will beautify her memory.」



「Really, just what part of this kind of man that made you fell in love with him?」



「Shizuku-san, those words are seriously a boomerang to yourself you know?」



They were moved to tears full of sympathy that her encounter was so harsh she changed the memory inside her brain. Shia’s cheeks were twitching. It was as though they were treating her like a pitiful person trying to overcome her trauma by convincing herself of something that wasn’t true. For Shia it was really upsetting.



「Shia, thy art actually mine comrade. I’m happy.」



「I’ll pile bunker your ass you know?」



Tio smiled happily. Shia’s disdainful gaze stabbed Tio’s heart like pile bunker. She couldn’t help but panted ‘haa haa’.



Shia’s expression was displeased. Then next a small hand patted her.



「Shia-oneechan. “Problem is the future. That’s why I don’t look back at the past” nano.」 (TN: Seems to be a Bill Gates quote, but I can’t find the English original.)



「What could you mean by that! Myuu-chan!」



Myuu’s expression was kind. Her smile was like an adult woman filled with love. The saying that seemed to be obtained from TV or internet and that expression said it more eloquently than anything. It was a compassionate heart that said 「It must be a sad affair. Let’s forget it? Nano」. Her rabbit ears stood straight in protest.



Although, Kaoruko, Kirino, and then Aiko and Akiko the female camps were also sending her gaze that looked comforting and cheering up as though to say ‘Let’s live in the future!’, that she was losing confidence 「Eh? Could it be my encounter was too pitiful? That’s impossible……」.



Tomoichi dealt another blow using his words with eyes that looked like a hitman.



「Hajime-kun. I don’t think it’s possible but, you didn’t treat Kaori the same like this right? If that’s actually the case, then I’ll have to turn into Asura.」



「No, it’s just as shown in Horuad, I rejected her normally.」



「I’ll have to turn into Asura!」



Ignoring the conversation between Tomoichi-san who only had Asura route remaining for him and Hajime who was attempting to preserve the human route, Sumire who seemed to have pulled herself together patted Shia’s head.



「Kaa-sama?」



「I’m really sorry for my son, Shia-chan. You’ve really worked hard.」



She didn’t speak in more detail. But everyone understood the true meaning of her words.



In order to save her family, she didn’t give up no matter how harsh the treatment she received. She believed that the future could surely be changed if she did her best.



She was told that it was a sin for her to be born. Her existence cornered her family to a predicament and made her lost some of them. Anyone realized that Shia herself had those things carved deeply into her heart more than anyone. She was called things like hopeless rabbit and acted somewhat comically, even so the desperation deep inside her eyes was conveyed fully.



「Ehehe」



Shia grinned sweetly in embarrassment and also happiness from the bottom of her heart.



The dry atmosphere was moistening along with the warm gaze from the parents and the other wives.



And so,



「Yosh, everything is alright. Let’s go to the next one.」



Hajime clapped his hand and gave the order. Everyone sent him gaze that said 「Read the atmosphere」.



It seemed he really couldn’t stand to be present at the atmosphere right now. Hajime-san wished to run away. The problem was the future. Hajime-san wouldn’t look back at the past.



「Wait wait, Hajime. Why are you that hurried? There are things that we still haven’t heard――」



「There isn’t anything like that. One hopeless rabbit showed her guts. That’s all.」



He drowned out those words. It was as though he was being ‘I won’t allow further question than that!’. Or perhaps he was being ‘I don’t want to touch the topic ahead of that!’.



The parents were taken aback by that. Even Yue, Kaori, Shizuku, Aiko, and then Shia herself and even Myuu, they all averted their gaze simultaneously. It was as though they understood Hajime’s feeling.



「The father of Shia-chan, he seemed like a kind person~. I’m looking forward to meeting him.」



She said it. Sumire-okaasan said it.



「How should I say it, the image of father and daughter is different. You know, Shia-chan gave the feeling of annoyi――cough. I mean aggressiveness and challenger spirit in the playback.」



「Tou-sama? Just now, were you about to say that I was a muscle brain? You almost said that!」



Ignoring Shia who was pressing the question on Shuu, Tomoichi also expressed his impression.



「Yeah, I thought that the rabbit people race will be more brimming with curiosity with character of fortitude but……」



Hajime and Yue looked at each other. They were making face that was saying 「Certainly, they’re brimming with curiosity with character of fortitude, right now」.



「They’re actually peaceful people with kind personality. I feels like they’re liking things like flower or animal.」



Kaoruko’s impression made Kaori and Shizuku to look at each other. Their face seemed to say「Right on. It seemed they loved those things, a long time ago」.



「Shia-san is special isn’t it.」



「She is truly the hero of her race.」



「The father and everyone else protect Shia-kun’s family, while Shia protect the body of her family who cannot fight. That’s how it is huh.」



Kirino, Koichi, and Shuuzou’s impressions made Shia and Tio to look at each other. Their face wanted to say「Rather they’re dealing damage to my heart though. Everyone is frontline addict though」.



「All of them are handsome man and beautiful woman. The small children are also really cute. Fufu, when I imagined that this kind of people are living in the house inside a forest, it reminds you of Sylvania○ isn’t it~」



Akiko’s dreamy impression made Aiko and Myuu and Remia to look at each other with an expression that said 「Certainly it’s already just a dream」. Next, Hajime’s expression changed as though to say 「If I have to say they’re Shiryuubania instead, I guess?」. (TN: Hajime changed the word Sylvania with kanji that has similar sound with it where the kanji has the meaning of ‘death style blade evil and good’.)



It couldn’t be helped that they looked like that. That “cute small kid” right now introduced himself with name like “Baltfeld of Certain Death” and found his meaning of life from shooting through his prey’s head, while the other child introduced herself as “Neastadtrm of Outside Massacre” who if there was a chance would compete ruthlessly with the older women of the same clan daily in order to receive the affection of the boss.



(Ha, Hajime-san, what to do? Everyone is imagining a clan of “forest rabbit-san”! Even though in reality they’re head reaping rabbits who’re lurking in the forest! They’re a group of warmonger and assassin! They will be absolutely appalled desuu!)



(This is why I was reluctant to show those guys before their complete change.)



(It was Hajime-san who changed them though! Can’t we change the schedule? Like telling them they can’t meet my family because they’re a bit busy right now or something.)



(Try doing that and then get found out later on. We’re talking about those guys. Next time they’ll take initiative to introduce themselves. At that time it will be with an excessive show added……terrifying)



(……Certainly. This is father and everyone else. They’ll aim for our next visit and lie in ambush. No matter how many months, how many years, they will lie in wait at the palace’s gate.)



Hajime and Shia were both at their wits’ end. Shuu and others were looking puzzled seeing the two of them whispering to each other secretively.



「What’s the matter Hajime?」



「No, it’s nothing. We talked a bit about the time to introduce Hauria clan. Kaori, take care of the follow up using soul magic and regeneration magic.」



「Wait a second Hajime. What’re you saying when we’re going to meet the father and family of Shia-chan who looked that kind……wait, Kaori-chan!? Why is your expression that determined!?」



「I will protect Otou-sanfather-in-law’s heart-」



「What do you mean!?」



「It’ll be a destructive power that made even Hajime-kun shocked and fell into stupor but-, I’ll protect everyone-」



「Hajime is the godslaying demon king isn’t he!? Shia-chan’s family, what kind of people are they!?」



「Tou-san, steel yourself. Perhaps, among everyone here Tou-san’ll be the one……in most danger.」



「I’m asking one more time here-. This is Shia-chan’s family you’re talking about right!? The rabbit-san who looked kind in the playback right!?」



Shuu was filled with trepidation. Inside his brain the image of Carm and others looking like a group of psychopath flashed. In a sense he wasn’t mistaken.



By the way, it could be easily guessed that the reason Shuu was in most danger was because he was Hajime’s father. Just like his son, he had various things sealed deep inside his heart.



「Let’s put aside the matter of Tou-sama and others for now! Let’s head to the next place, next!」



Shia pointed to the west of the canyon as though to avert her gaze from the unpleasant future. The problem was that it was a future that would come sooner or later.



Shuu and others didn’t feel fully satisfied, even so they obediently went through the gate.



.



.



.



Their destination was of course Raisen Great Labyrinth.



「So this is……the second great labyrinth?」



Shuu’s question was only natural. Tomoichi and others also stared wide-eyed.



――Welcome! To Miledy Raisen’s exciting and thrilling great labyrinth♪



「Right, of course you’ll react like that. We were also like that.」



「……Nn. It’s slightly irritating seeing this even now.」



「Right desu~. It’s already annoying right from the start.」



Hajime and others got a faraway look. Although they often heard about the story, Shizuku, Tio, and Kaori who hadn’t really experienced it themselves. The time for them to vicariously experience it had finally come and they were feeling excited and thrilled about it.



「When the story about this great labyrinth came up, the three would enter their own world so it made me curious.」



「It wouldst give us an odd sense of alienation when they art like that.」



「At the decisive battle I met with Miledy-san but……she overwhelmed the monsters with gravity magic……her voice at that time was really level-headed, so I couldn’t match her image with the character that Hajime-kun and others mentioned no matter what. Rather, she felt like a good person who was humorous――」



Kaori said such thing while staring at empty air and remembering Miledy who came as reinforcement at the decisive battle leading her golems. The instant she said those words, the eyes of Hajime and others snapped open intensely.



「Kaori, return to your sense. You’re brainwashed.」



「……Bakaori. You better polish your ability to judge people a bit more.」



「It was a really extreme situation that Kaori-san even got a strange delusion wasn’t it……」



「Why are the three of you going that far!?」



Everyone’s expression became 「Who in the world Miledy Raisen is……」 seeing the uncommon reaction of Hajime and others.



Hajime cleared his throat *cough* and pulled himself together before opening his mouth.



「From here we’ll explore this Raisen Great Labyrinth, but this place is a mountain of physical trap. We don’t know which is where, so be more careful than when you were in Orcus. Be very careful to not act by yourself and touch something carelessly.」



The parents nodded firmly after seeing the serious expression and warning of Hajime. Kaori immediately moved to begin the “past playback”. But, before she could,



「It’s still the entrance you know, Kaori-san.」



Shia grabbed her shoulder strongly.



「Eh? But……」



「But, what?」



「I, it’s nothing.」



Shia was smiling. But, the smile was strangely pressuring. It was plainly scary. In addition her grip on Kaori’s shoulder was like a vise. A vigor like ”I’ll absolutely hinder the past playback!” could be felt.



「……nn. I’m starting the past playba~~ck」



「Yue-san!?」



Yue-sama unexpectedly turned traitor. She quickly stepped forward, opened the revolving stone door, casually struck down the arrow that flew out right after the door was opened, and then replayed the past with smooth and flowing motion.



「Don’t tell me-, it’s retaliation for before this!? That should be invalid already after this longgg-」



「……Nn? What did you say?」



Yue’s hearing was suddenly becoming bad. Shia went mad ‘ugaaa~h’ and leaped at her.



By the way, what Shia meant by “before this” was her line of「――I win if it’s breasts！The girl over there is flat isn’t she!」 that got replayed in the past replay at the canyon.



In front of Shia who was trying to hold her down, Yue was,



「……Hajime!」



「Ou」



「!? Hajime-san!?」



Shia was pinioned from behind. Her expression was saying ‘Unbelievable!’ and her rabbit ears stood on end.



「My bad, Shia. It’s my reflex.」



「Are you a trained dog!? Let goo~~, everyone don’t looook~~~」



*Struggle-struggle-*. Even though she was trying to get away from Hajime’s restrain, the past was projected before her body strengthening’s level was raised.



「Wha, what in the world it is? Hey, Yue. Shia is seriously disliking it, if it’s better not to see it then……」



「……Nn, I’m joking.」



The moment the regrettable scene of past Shia vanishing at the other side of the revolving door because of her carelessness, the image vanished at the same time. It seemed that even Yue didn’t have the intention to show Shia’s black history for real as expected. After all it was concerning a girl’s dignity.



「I, I’m glad desuu. If Yue-san was serious then I’ll have to become Asura after that.」



「There’re many people who almost become Asura huh.」



Tomoichi-san averted his gaze quickly.



「Well, if I hath to guess, Shia must hath done a great blunder. At that time Shia seemed to be still really inexperienced after all.」



Right now Shia was a person of firm character even among Nagumo family. Rather, Shia could pass as a reliable rabbit even more than Yue who was heading to become a NEET vampire princess in full speed. But here there was an embarrassing failure story of her in the past.



Everyone was terribly curious, but Shia who was folding her rabbit ears flat on her head and looking bright red until her neck was cute so no one asked further and in exchange they stopped after tasting the warm and relieved atmosphere.



But, being merciless in this kind of time was the quality of that person who was the number one most annoying person in the world.



The moment Hajime and co stepped inside the dungeon and the revolving stone door closed, behind that door bright letters floating in the air shined radiantly and brilliantly in an intensity that was never seen before.



――Were you scared? Hey, were you scared? You wet yourself.



――It’s fine you know! It’s only wetting yourself! There’s also rabbit girl that soaked herself wet so it’s fine! Ah, but remember to clean up okay! Manner is important doncha know? Pugyaaa――h



The letters were subtly different from before. Or rather, there was addition.



Everyone swallowed the voice「Ah」 that almost slipped out from their throat. It was a good work in their part of being able to immediately pretend of not understanding what the words meant. Although, within the silence that even felt terrifying, it couldn’t be helped that their gaze was slowly moving. Yes, moving toward the direction of the child who wet herself.



「……」



Shia-san was looking down. Her expression couldn’t be seen. It was extremely eerie. Her rabbit ears too weren’t moving at the slightest like the calm before the storm.



「I, I wonder what it talked about-! I don’t get it at all!」



Aiko-chan desperately gave a follow up. But it became a lethal damage instead. Seeing Aiko’s usual fruitless effort, Akiko said「You be quiet-」 and hit her daughter’s head.



「I, it might be talking about Myuu! Nano! Before Myuu met papa, Myuu often wet herself at night after all!」



「My my, mama is proud of Myuu. But, right now let’s refrain from saying anything for a bit okay?」



Myuu desperately made a follow up with the mentality of self-sacrifice. But instead it made it hard for Shia to stay here. Remia quickly collected Myuu. She buried Myuu’s face into her chest to zip close her mouth.



「Shi, Shia-chan? You know, Okaa-san and everyone else doesn’t really――」



「Just you wait」(TN: Here Shia stop using polite way of speaking. Even though she still used desu even when facing the apostles, here she doesn’t do so.)



Shia’s tone that should be unassailable like iron wall broke. She held out her hand toward the worried Sumire to stop her, and then she started moving slowly. She equipped Vire Drucken so naturally like a flowing water.



The next moment,



「MILEDYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY-, GET BACK TO LIFEEEEEEE-!! I’M GOING TO SMASH YOU TO PIECESSSSSSSSSSS-!!!」



Pale bluish white magic power burst up! That was the proof of the activation of body strengthening Level X! With her rabbit furs standing completely on end and bloodshot eyes, the attack of Shia who went through character breakdown HIT the revolving stone door! The area near the entrance was exploded into pieces along with a thunderous roar.



Even the gigantic boulder that was like a camouflage outside was sent flying until it impacted the cliff wall at the other side. A part of Raisen Great Canyon collapsed! Without pause she began fighting against the monsters of Raisen that got lured by the thunderous sound to vent her rage.



The fierce quake and disastrous scene that was like cataclysm made Sumire and others screamed 「Kyaaaaaah」 while yelling 「Shia-chan calm dowwnnnnn」. During that time Hajime showed a cramping expression.



「Shia should have come here just before the last decisive battle but……looking at her state right now, this is the first time she saw that huh.」



「……Nn. In other words after Shia returned from here and before she departed to battle, Miledy intentionally added in the sentence.」



That must be how it was. When Hajime recalled Shia’s state after returning from Raisen Great Labyrinth before the decisive battle, various things must have happened. This was undoubtedly Miledy’s revenge.



As expected from the formidable person who undoubtedly would be the world champion for eternity if there was an UzaAnnoyingledy World Championship. Even after her own death, she still left behind her annoyingness for future life……. He even felt like that right now Miledy was actually watching from somewhere while laughing hard holding her stomach too.



Unable to keep listening the impact sound that surged out without pause and watching Shia swearing while forgetting her 「desuu」, Tio departed to the battlefield for the time being.



「Shi, Shia. I understand thy feeling. But for now let’s calm dow――」



「SHAORA-」



「Thank you very much-」



Tio vanished to faraway in the sky. Kaori was in a dither while pulling on Hajime’s sleeve.



「Ha, Hajime-kun-, what now! This is the first time I saw Shia snapped like this!」



「The time before this she also snapped completely though.」



「Hajime! Do something about this! That’s the role of a lover!」



「It’s fine Kaa-san. Even if we leave her alone, she is in Level X so her magic power will dry out while we’re talking and she’ll collapse, so for now let her vent everything inside her.」



Just like Hajime said, it became quite a few minutes later. Shia-chan was on her knees limply above the sea of blood and mountain of corpse of the monsters. If they sharpened their hearing, they could hear the sad sobbing voice faintly.



Seeing that, Hajime and others who had refined the strategy to improve Shia’s mood while she was venting looked at each other and nodded firmly.



Hajime turned his gaze to Myuu, she showed a really manly expression that said 「Leave this to Myuu! Nano」 and walked toward Shia.



At the foot of the mountain of monster corpses, she placed both her hands on her mouth like a megaphone and raised her voice.



「Shia-onee~~chaa~~n. What’s the matter so suddenly nano~~? Why are you crying nano~~?」



「Hics, sniff, everyone learned it……it might be alright if it’s only Tio-san and others……but even Kaa-sama and Tou-sama……fueh……and the families of Kaori-san and others too……」



「What did they learn nano?」



Myuu’s puzzled question made Shia went 「Eh?」. Shia showed a bewildered expression seeing Myuu’s big and round eyes staring at her in puzzlement.



「Wha, what did they learn you say……that’s of course, you know, the thing written at the entrance」



「Entrance? There was writing? What was written nano?」



「Eh? Eeh? Huuh?」



Shia tilted her head and even her tears stopped trickling in this mysterious situation. Myuu also tilted her head matching her. It was as though she really didn’t understand anything.



Shia finally looked at the direction of Hajime and others wondering what was with this situation. Sure enough Kaori and others were also making puzzled expression. Even Tio who already returned when she noticed was tilting her head as though nothing had happened.



And then, Hajime and Yue secretly made a thumb up.



「Ah, co, could it be their memory with Yue-san’s magic……」



She recalled that possibility and felt grateful as well as apologetic and various other emotions. Shia who finally returned to her senses timidly descended from the mountain of corpse.



「Err, Myuu-chan. You really don’t remember anything?」



「Myu?」



Shia stared fixedly on Myuu. Myuu stared back questioningly. *Staree~~~.* *???~~~~~~?*



「……Shia-oneechan?」



「I’m sorry Myuu-chan. It’s nothing desu.」



Shia grinned and walked toward Hajime and others. Myuu instantly stroked her chest and let out a breath of tension 「fuhii~h」――



Shia turned around *whoosh* in a flash. It was a truly sharp movement like “Daruma doll tumbling”.



But, even Myuu wasn’t the demon king’s daughter just for show! When Shia turned around she already started walking with a smile *grin* returning on her face. Shia nodded 「fumu」 and walked again――



*Whoosh*



*Grin*



*……fumu*



*fuii~*



*Who-whoosh!!*



*Grin grin-!!*



*……fu~mu*



*Myu~~, papaa-*



「You two, what’re you playing?」



「Ah, I’m sorry Hajime-san.」



Shia responded to Hajime. Behind her Myuu was holding her chest. It seemed her heart was pounding hard even from before entering the great labyrinth. It was truly a situation that wasn’t exciting at all. A small thumb up came from Remia mama. Myuu sent back a thumb up with an expression of a warrior who had acquired accomplishment.



「Er~r, everyone, did anyone see anything at the entrance?」



Shia asked with a smile. Even though she was smiling, deep inside the eyes that were narrowly opened, there was the sharpness of a veteran detective ascertaining the truth and falsehood. Aiko and Akiko twitched. Shizuku averted her gaze reflexively. Kirino sent them rebuking gaze.



Shia’s eyes narrowed silently.



「Shia-chan, just what’s with you since just now?」



「Are you perhaps feeling unwell? Should we stop with the sightseeing today?」



「Ah, no no, nothing like that! I’m sorry Tou-sama and Kaa-sama. How should I say it, I’m really sorry for various things desu.」



It seemed Shia had somehow guessed it. In other words, their memory wasn’t actually modified, instead they were trying to make it looked like that was what happened. As expected, it was appalling to modify the memory of their own family, but they were trying to persist with the kind lie in consideration for Shia.



Shia’s cheeks reddened slightly in embarrassment, but she had even made Myuu be considerate of her. This time she took advantage of that kindness and kept her sanity.



The parent~s sent a warm gaze seeing Shia’s state. Yue and others also snuggled closer to console Shia.



With everything returning to normal, the group finally moved inside Raisen Great Labyrinth. Past playback was activated at a place where stairs formed in a complicated structure like trompe l’oeil.



But, Hajime and Kaori committed a sorrowful blunder there.



「Come to think of it, that Endo, he conquered this place by himself didn’t he?」



「Ah, certainly. Want to take a bit of look? It was slightly after the decisive battle if I remember right.」



Kaori set the time and performed “past playback”.



After a while, a man fully clothed in black outfit――Kousuke appeared in the projection.



After the decisive battle, he fell in love with a Hauria older woman――Ranainfe……Rana who perceived him even when he was in stealthy state and confessed. However, Rana gave conditions after much thought, which was a savage request of conquering a great dungeon and dealing a wound on Hajime. Kousuke came here to carry that out.



Doing such challenge that could also be called as mad in a sense, as expected Hajime and others thought that even Kousuke must be nervous. However, the image of Kousuke in the projection seemed strange. He was muttering to himself in a low voice.



Wondering what he was saying, they strained their ears and……



――A rabbit girl who soaked herself wet……the rabbit people race is originally a fainthearted race……and I think there won’t be anyone else of them coming here……eh, in other words, it’s something like that huh. Shia-san, over there she――



「ENDO KOUSUKE, I’LL KILL HIM-!!」



「Calm down Shiaaa-」



Shia-chan lost her sanity once more. She was turning around while shouldering Drucken, so Hajime hurriedly grabbed her from behind. But, in front of Shia’s physical strength he was getting dragged!



Yue and others also jumped Shia in great panic to stop her, but they were all getting dragged together. At the end even the parents also joined to become like a human rope, but the bugged rabbit whose heart was burning to seal Kousuke’s mouth couldn’t be stopped!



「ENDOOOOOOOO-, KOUSUKEEEEEEEE-」



「CALM DOWWWWWNNN, YOU’RE SERIOUSLY BECOMING LIKE A BERSERKEEERRR-」



After that, Shia returned to her sanity after getting a promise that they would get rid of Kousuke’s memory.



Whether that measure was really carried out or not……



When the classmates asked Kousuke about his time conquering Raisen Great Labyrinth, at the beginning he would always go 「Raisen……the entrance……uh, my head-」, it could be easily guessed from there.



In any case, it seemed that Raisen Great Labyrinth was a place that couldn’t help but shave down Shia’s SAN point even though its master wasn’t there anymore. Perhaps it really should be called as the demon’s gate.



Although, they also had a bit of objective this time. And so they continued with the sightseeing of Raisen Great Labyrinth.



Hajime and co advanced deeper forward while playing the “past playback”.



AN: Thank you very much for reading this every time.



Thank you very much too for the thoughts, opinions, and reports about misspelling and omitted words.



※Material introduction



– Myuu’s saying It seems that it was the words from Mr. Bill Gates.



– Sylva○ian Reimported from Nichijou



※I’m ashamed but this is an advertisement. Arifureta Shokugyou de Sekai Saikyou Zero volume 3 is planned to be released in 25 March. It seems it’s already released at some quicker place.



You will be able to see a lot of no good Meiru-oneesan. Also, things like the whole picture of Liberator’s organization, Van-chan who was the creator of ice and snow cavern that was currently in the middle of being conquered at volume 9, or the demon king will come out.



I hope that everyone will obtain it no matter what!



It’s also announced in Overlap-sama’s homepage, you please check there if you like.



.



※Special perk SS



– Chain store-sama『Boys talk after, disciplining』



When men gathered, naturally they will also talk about the girl they like.



And then, even when they talked secretly, there is also an onee-san who can view the past. So after that it was inevitable. It’s that kind of story.



– Animate-sama『The wrong way to use metamorphosis magic』



If there is metamorphosis magic then it might be possible to remodel the body? Although, to listen to Miledy’s wish is a different problem.



It’s that kind of story.



– Tora no Ana-sama『Glasses x maid uniform x manly woman = war』



Even for a heavy maid lover, o manly woman, you bastard is out of the question. It’s that kind of story of O-kun.



– Melon Books-sama『Korin’s theory of the strongest』



There is nothing that will hurt an adult more than a little girl’s consideration and pure and straightforward opinion.



The one who stood last was only the strongest little girl. It’s that kind of story.



– Gamers-sama『Searching for the beloved transmutation monster through 3000 ri ②』



As usual, it’s the story of the poster girl of the restaurant at the low-lying part of the royal capital Welnika Asha-chan chasing after Oscar.



She pushed on until the sea and at the end of her being adrift she encountered a certain pirate group…….



.





Chapter 352




.



After they somehow calmed down the raging berserker Shia.



As expected perhaps they should stop with touring Raisen Great Labyrinth, if it was now they could teleport using Crystal Key or with Yue brute forcing her magic power until the deepest room……



That was Hajime’s suggestion, but Kaori, Tio, Shizuku, Aiko, and Myuu, the five of them firmly refused. It seemed they wanted to be able to share with the “feeling of understanding” that only owned by Hajime, Shia, and then Yue until now.



「Rather, perhaps we should conquer it in a normal way and obtain gravity magic too?」



「Indeed. There art also the feeling that it’s too late to obtain it now, but there art no disadvantage in obtaining it. This might be a good timing.」



「Right……Hajime and others will protect Okaa-san and other parents, so should we give it a try?」



「Eh? H, h~m, it feels a bit impossible for me though……」



「Myuu too nano……」



Kaori and others talked between them. For some reason Hajime’s eyes were wandering around hearing that. He showed a bit of pondering look, 「Well, it’s alright I guess……it’ll be alright won’t it?」 he said with unusual lack of confidence. His expression was looking anxious.



「Geez, Hajime-kun worry too much. We aren’t that weak okay?」



「No, right, well, that’s true.」



Hajime really didn’t make himself clear. This was Hajime who was always bold and audacious with imperturbable mind, so seeing him like this made everyone to opened their eyes wide in surprise.



Shizuku tensed her expression.



「Even though you didn’t even make that kind of face in Orcus……we’re going to have brace ourselves like this. That’s why Ojii-chan and you two! Don’t start warming up! Don’t make that face that say 『Ee~, it’s unfa~ir that only Shizuku is going』! I’ll shred you all for real if you three are doing as you please!」



Everyone of Yaegashi family looked really dissatisfied. The adults in their age were sending booing ‘boo~boo~’ to their daughter in reality.



Shia who had returned to her sanity right now formed a wry smile to such hot-blooded Yaegashi family and opened her mouth.



「H~m, there is no problem with everyone’s capability but……this dungeon will change its internal structure within a certain period.」



「Eh!? Is that so?」



「Yes desu. It’s a trick in order to laugh while rolling on the floor seeing the challengers feeling down after pointlessly mapping the area with hard work.」



「That’s nasty!」



「Miledy was a damn contemptible human after all!」



It stood to reason.



‘Because of that we also don’t understand the path you know~’, Shia said. Continuing after her Hajime also pointed out with a wry smile.



「In the first place, we planned to teleport after letting everyone touring this place to a degree. I think you will need one week at the very least if you want to conquer this dungeon in a normal way.」



「……Nn. Right now we have the compass, so if it goes well perhaps you’ll be able to reach the goal easily? We don’t know if you’ll be recognized as having conquered this dungeon though.」



‘I see’, Kaori and co nodded. In that case, for the time being they would rely on the compass, if they weren’t acknowledged in that case, then they would do it the normal way if there was another chance. They concluded of trying the challenge with such feeling.



Because of that, Hajime would only show the path with the compass, while Kaori, Tio, and Shizuku would go ahead of the group. The tour of Raisen Great Labyrinth stared like that. Aiko together with Myuu were observing from the rear. It seemed they didn’t really have confidence. Though Myuu was burning with combativeness while saying 「I’ll be back nano」. (TN: In the raw Myuu said it in butchered English which is, ‘Airu bii bakku nano’)



「Yue, can I count on you for the past playback here? If it’s necessary I’ll share my magic power with you.」



「……Nn. It’s fine. You can just leave it to this Yue-san.」



Right now Yue boasted magic power capacity that was equal or superior to a god, so even in Raisen that dispersed magic power, she was able to use magic with brute force.



Although, doing the same like in Orcus when she continuously projected the past without pause throughout the tour……as expected it was impossible to do something like that here.



The magic of “past playback” was already consuming magic power in proportion to the amount of time that was traced back even in normal situation. When it came to a scene that was more than a year in the past, even for the current Yue it was a consumption amount that she couldn’t ignore. Also, Hajime sharing his magic power with her was referring to the kissing biting chuu~.



Yue fired up herself and began to proactively cast the past playback while licking her lips.



It wasn’t just imagination that she looked to be much more motivated than usual. It wasn’t because she could do the biting chuu~ with Hajime. They were doing that daily so there was no problem. There was one reason. It wasn’t just Hajime who was asking her to do it, Yue also wanted to see it. The nostalgic scene.



――Hawawawah



There was the trembling Shia who got the fur on the tip of her rabbit ears cleanly cut by rotating blade that flew out from the wall.



――Uu~, I get a bad premonition somehow desuu~



There was also the weak-kneed Shia looking around restlessly.



――Ukyaaa!?



The stair became a slid and she rolled down while getting smeared with slimy liquid. Shia-chan who hit the back of her head hard and writhed around was priceless.



――This damn clumsy rabbit! Move away quickly!



――I’m shorry~, but my body can’t movee~



The rabbit-san who slipped with her legs making M shape and then straddling Hajime’s face with that splendid butt of hers looked really hopeless!



Even after that, she got hit by metal basin and her face got sloshed with mysterious muddy white liquid, getting hit with consecutive attacks of metal basins, getting a second helping of metal basin, the totally hopeless Shia rabbit was tripping all the traps like there was no tomorrow. She was sobbing, then snapping at Miledy’s writing……



「How nostalgic~」



「……It’s nostalgic~」



Hajime and Yue were nodding to each other with extremely satisfied expression. They were giving off air as though they had reunited with old friend that they hadn’t met for a long time.



By the way, this “nostalgic hopeless show of Shia-chan” was the second time today. The first time needn’t be said. It was the past image of the encounter in Raisen Great Canyon. At that time everyone reacted to Hajime’s cold treatment, so they were unable to pleasantly enjoy Shia’s hopelessness.



「The hopeless Shia-chan is cute as expected eh.」



「Shia-chan of this time, is gone already huh……」



Sumire and Shuu smiled warmly. At the same time, they were showing a lonely atmosphere as though they were thinking of a daughter that they couldn’t meet anymore.



「Uwaa, she was really a hopeless rabbit wasn’t she?」



「She was already a bug when we first met her.」



「I think it was just barely with me. At that time there was still a slight scent of hopelessness fromst her.」



「Ah, it was also like that at my time. When we met at Ur, she was still treated relatively rough.」



A second of silence. Kaori and co looked at each other and grinned.



「「「「The hopeless rabbit is really nice~」」」」



‘Nice~♪’ They said and nodded to each other.



Myuu and others were also really enjoying seeing the pathetic and completely hopeless Shia. 「How hopeless nano~」「My my, the hopelessness is cute」「That’s a hopelessness that is unthinkable from her current self」「But, that’s a nice hopelessness」「That’s a hopelessness that you can’t really find in the recent years」「It’s the greatest hopelessness in this ten years」「That’s a fine quality hopelessness with abundant variation and the right amount of sharpness」 and so on, everyone exchanged their impressions that sounded like lines from somewhere.



「No, now see here, everyone. Calling me hopeless hopeless like that is, you know……」



Shia was flapping her rabbit ears wildly while trying to protest with sullen expression. But,



「Ah, amazing! That’s the cliché trap!」



A large rock was rolling down from above. Kaori said 「I’ve seen this before in movie!」 with a slightly high tension before disintegrating it.



Right away, a ball made from metal was rolling down next while scattering melting liquid. As expected it couldn’t oppose Kaori’s disintegration.



Inside the past projection,



――Uwaaa~~hn, I’ll haunt this place if I dieee!



Shia was running past while screaming pathetically and yelling complaint as expected. And then ahead where Hajime had escaped from the trap, he crucified Shia on the wall to help her narrowly escaped death.



Also, Yue was being held in Hajime’s embrace importantly. Seeing her past self at that time protesting while sobbing, the present Shia was,



「……I was really hopeless huh.」



She got a faraway look. She was gritting her teeth saying 「You call yourself a rabbit when you can’t even pulverize a mere metal ball like that with your fist-」.



Sumire chuckled slightly seeing Shia in that state.



「Even so――to say something like “I swear, I’ll aa~bsolutely make Hajime-san fall in love me that you will want to save me in your embrace no matter what-“. Shia-chan, you really don’t know when to give up.」



Shia’s rabbit ears stood straight. When she moved her gaze, Sumire was there looking at her gently. It made her felt extremely embarrassed for some reason. Shia fidgeted restlessly while raising her voice to gloss it over.



「I wonder how is Kousuke-san doing around here!」



「……That’s right. Even though I also wanted to watch that guy’s capture too, I forgot it already without noticing. As expected, Shia. You did well reminding me.」



「I won’t forget even if I die. Until I send his memory flying.」



Shia’s serious look was really intense. Even the unprecedented lack of presence that Kousuke possessed could win against the obsession of the bugged rabbit who kept her eyes wide open it seemed.



「He is the next clan head of Hauria clan after all. I won’t acknowledge him if he display an unsightly appearance here! Now, Yue-san! Please do it desu!」



「……Nn-, leave it to Yue-san!」



Setting the time axis~, past playback GO!



「……Nn? Nnn?」



Yue leaked out a bewildered voice. There was no Kousuke. Hajime and others also looked around but they couldn’t find him.



「……I mistook, the time axis?」



‘Such thing shouldn’t be possible……’, Yue thought while starting to redo the past playback. But in that instant, a large rock was starting to roll down in the past projection.



Then,



――Sniff-, hics-……my heart hurts. I’d rather disappear instead



「Uoh, so you’re there Endou!」



He was there. He was sitting hugging his knee at the corner of the passage. Kousuke-kun there was wearing black clothes, but it was already tattered everywhere.



Or rather, it felt like his mind was even more tattered than his clothes. He was plainly crying. His eyes looked dead. It seemed he already messed up, to a degree that he had no presence at all to the degree that no one could catch sight of him even though he was inside a past projection. He was so ephemeral that it felt like he would literally vanish anytime now.



「Wait, it’s not the time to do something like that! Stand up Endou-kun! The rock is coming down!」



Kaori even forgot that it was a past projection and raised her voice anxiously.



Kousuke raised his face as though reacting to that. His empty eyes turned toward the large rock, and a beat. His face seemed to say ‘Uwaaah!?’ ――



――Come! My clones! Become my shield with that body!



He instantly took a pose. He stood at the middle of the passage and crossed his arms in the shape so that only his right hand was in front of his face. Of course he also didn’t forget to put on the sunglasses in a flash! Even though the large rock already right in front him, he also didn’t forget to rotate in place!



*Pupupuff-* Three clones appeared and stopped the large rock just for an instant. The clones were immediately dispersed due to Raisen’s magic decomposing effect, but using the time they bought, Kousuke dodged aside instantly.



「……If he has time to make a pose, he can use it to escape.」



「Yue, don’t say it. It’s necessary for the abyss lord.」



It was necessary for the abyss lord!



It seemed the “depressed Kousuke” just now was only an abrupt appearance while in the middle of break. The sinful depth of abyss lord was already in the state of Level V. His spec was rising with the passage of time, along with the increase of the painfulness of his behavior!



――O Miledy Raisen! O ancient protector! Know that my abyss will swallow everything!



「O, o……aa~」



The one who groaned was Shuu. He covered his face with both hands and fell on his knees. He was bright red from his neck until his ear.



「O, oi, Nagumo Shuu! What’s wrong!?」



Tomoichi called out in surprise, but Shuu papa didn’t answer. It seemed he wasn’t in the state to do so. Sumire mama was watching her husband with a truly nasty face! She was grinning really widely in enjoyment!



――Kuku-, the like of a large rock is a trifling matter. Muh, a metal ball!? Fuh, so I can’t deal with it using ordinary means……



「NUAAAAAAAH」



「Are you alright!?」



――Very well-, come at me! Carnage is my favorite pastime-



「STOP IT ALREADYYYYYYY-」



「Hajime-kun! Something strange with your father! No, he is already strange from the beginning but……this is stranger!」



「Aa!, it’s alright, Tomoichi-san. I’m also like that right now inside my heart.」



「Aren’t you parent and so both overly strange!?」



It couldn’t be helped. Both Shuu and Hajime were the kind of people who possessed a heavily sealed box deep inside their heart after all. The abyss lord was prying open the seal of that that sealed box really easily.



Inside Shuu, his young self wearing black history T-shirt was peering out saying 「You call?」. Hajime was someone experienced in facing the real abyss lord, so he was still able to barely push back the self inside his heart who was wearing chuuni T-shirt and armed trying to crawl out saying 「You call right? You’re calling again right?」.



They enjoyed the adventure of abyss lord in the degree that barely kept the seal in check……it was thrilling in its own way. That was something that couldn’t be denied.



「Hey, dear. How are you feeling right now? You who was personally obsessed with sneering ‘Fuh’ at the past! You who would say 『You see……I have something that I have to do no matter what』 with a meaningful smile when I invited you for a date at holiday even though actually you didn’t have anything to do, and later on you would invent some reason to invite me to a date♪」



「STOPPPPPPP-, STOP TALKING ABOUT THE STORY WHEN WE ONLY STARTED GOING OUT IN FRONT OF OUR SONNNNNN!!」



Sumire laughed while holding her stomach. Shuu who kept covering his face with both hands while trembling all over due to the serious damage.



「Hey, Kaa-san. What Tou-san mean by the time when you two started dating……」



「Of course. It was when we already finished graduating middle school for a long time. It was when we were at second year of high school. This person’s sickness, it went on for long.」



「I, I see. But Kaa-san. Let’s stop with that much.」



「Fufuh, At that time his intention was to show his cool figure to me isn’t that riight~. How cute~」



「Seriously stop it! Tou-san’s mind is dying!」



Shuu-otousan finally started sitting while hugging his knees and buried his face into his knees. Tomoichi consoled him with a really complicated expression, while Koichi showed understanding with an enlightened expression, but Shuu was locking himself within the hard shell of his heart.



Abyss lord’s savory lines echoed like BGM……



「How should I say it, Otou-sama and Okaa-sama really get along well aren’t they~」



「Right. They look more like best friend rather than spouses, that art really mysterious.」



「It’s fun just watching Ojii-chan and Obaa-chan nano!」



「It always give a warm feeling watching them, ufufu.」



Hearing Shia, Tio, Myuu, and Remia’s words made Kaori and others to nod too. As a matter of fact, this husband and wife always looked like they were having fun.



Kaoruko and Kirino watched Sumire playfully poking *poke poke* with her fingertip on her husband whose mind died and couldn’t move. And then Akiko also opened her mouth.



「……When Kaori and others were gone and we met in the 『family association』 that was started for the sake of the search, the two of them really gave the impression of “capable people” though. Fufu, certainly it’s fun seeing them right now.」



「Exactly. It was Miya-chan and others who took leadership, but they were really capable in noticing other small details……」



「They were really like the unsung hero of the family association. Thanks to the two of them, it was really easy to do activity.」



They didn’t stand out, but they would do it when the times come. They casually accomplished the necessary things. The mothers conversed nostalgically while recalling the Nagumo husband and wife at that time. Kaori and others opened their eyes wide 「Hee~」 in interest.



「But, I like these two right now better than “the serious and capable duo” of that time.」



Kirino said with a smile while watching Shuu who somehow recovered due to the care given to him and Sumire who was lightly tapping his head repeatedly. Kaoruko also continued while smiling gently.



「You’re right. It’s troubling that it’s us who feel embarrassed watching them though.」



Sumire and Shuu whose eyes were still dead were puzzled when they finally noticed the warm atmosphere of the surrounding. Perhaps it should be said that in a sense they had just entered the world of just the two of them.



「……Nn. I and Hajime also want to become husband and wife like the two of them.」



「Spare me from having a wife like Kaa-san okay? Yue is fine as you are.」



「! Hajime……」



「Yue……」



「Yes yes, both of you! Don’t enter the world of just the two of you! Okay!」



Hajime and Yue took each other’s hands and brought out a sickly sweet atmosphere. But a large sword swung down between the two of them. It was like the sword was splitting the pink heart enveloping the two of them into two!



「Both Hajime-kun and Yue, watch the time, place, and occasion! Good grief-」



Tomoichi matched her daughter’s peevish state by spitting ‘Keh’ peevishly too.



「With the parent like this, the son is also the same huh. Good grief-」



Then, a wall of text appeared in good timing……



――Hey hey, how are you feeling right now? How are you feeling? Puuh giggle giggle-



「「You’re annoying!!」」



Shirasaki father and daughter were beautifully in harmony.



――Fuhahahahahah!! Bring it on, liberator! For you to be able to seriously wound this abyss-. My blood is seething-. Fuhah, fuhahahahah!!



「「You shut up-!!」」



Nagumo father and son were also beautifully in harmony.



「……Hey, how about we move forward soon?」



The group finally continued forward after Shizuku talked with a deep sigh.



After that, they watched Kaori, Shizuku, and Tio fighting the golem knights, and as expected, at the first room, they were shaken around together with the room and returned back (they were in floating state using gravity magic so there was no damage), then they once more went through a mountain of nasty booby traps and the fierce attack of Miledy’s writing that easily rubbed people’s nerves the wrong way while advancing for a while.



As expected from the three of them. They weren’t harmed physically, but……



――Just now, you were totally surprised weren’t you!? Weren’t you!? You’re absurdly shaking in your bootsss~♪



――Congrats for overcoming the trap! It’s totally meaningless though! Pugyaaaah



――Eeeeeh? What’s the matter, making that kind of gloo~my expression! Are you getting on age alreadyyy? Pupuh



「「「Chih」」」



Not just Kaori, even Shizuku and Tio were unbelievably clicking their tongue.



「It’s really refreshing seeing Shizuku clicking her tongue.」



「Please look there. Shizuku-san’s eyes. Her eyes like a someone who will randomly kill passerby.」



‘Anyone is fine, I want to just cut……’, Shizuku-san’s face seemed to say that. Shia was trembling, not wanting to see such Shizuku. Beside her, Aiko was trembling when she looked at Tio.



「Ti, Tio-san making that kind of face, it’s the first time I see it……」



「……Ti, Tio~? Your pupils turn into slit like dragon. Calm down――」



「Aa? Whaat? Thy got any complaint aah?」



「……It’s nothing.」



「Yue-oneechan got silenced nano!? By Tio-oneechan!?」



In any case, it was great that they now could share in the feeling! Hajime, Shia, and Yue thought that while nodding at each other.



And then,



――I guess……it’s enough already……



Perhaps it was the limit of the abyss lord mode. Kousuke seemed to have returned to his sane mode looked dead in the eyes. He stayed lying down on the ground without making any twitch at the slightest.



Incidentally the past Hajime, Shia, and Yue were resting right beside him while huddling close to each other. Compared to Hajime who was holding extraordinarily lovely flower at both sides with a hint of calm atmosphere enveloping them, Kousuke’s state was really beyond any words to describe.



It seemed that Kousuke’s mental state was already riddled with wounds. The spring of his willpower was already dried up. Also, due to the traps his body was also like ragged cloth. His stamina was also at his limit apparently. It couldn’t be helped even if words of giving up slipped out from him.



――That’s right, let’s go home……no, perhaps it’ll be impossible to go back? I don’t know where the exit is



*Mumble mumble, mumble mumble*, the state of Kousuke who was continuing to mumble to himself wasn’t good. Even though he returned to his sanity he was already not sane at all. Some resemblance with Hajime who was trembling in the abyss could be seen from him.



――Even though I managed to survive that battle……am I going to die here? I’m, really an idiot huh



「Endou……」



Hajime looked at Kousuke who was in a state of broken heart with a troubled expression.



――Yaa~i yaa~i, this good for nothi~ng!! Fuhyahyahyahyah



「MILEDYYYYYYY-!!」



Hajime finally raised his voice roughly at the text that mercilessly attacked the already weakened enemy.



Or rather, it was a text that was right on the spot for the current Kousuke……



Thinking really really carefully, Miledy’s text toward Kaori and co was also like that. Even though Miledy wasn’t here anymore, how did the text can appear in real time?



Perhaps, soul magic or something was used to sense the challenger’s state, and then it automatically selected a text from the available patterns and displayed it. There was no doubt that it was Oscar who created this. What a terrifying ancient transfiguration master.



――That’s right, I’m a just a good-for-nothing anyway. A madaototally hopeless old guy that won’t be noticed by anyone……. Surely, when everyone return to earth, they won’t even notice that I’m gone……



「E, Endouu~, you’re reallyyy」



「I’m sorry that I sometimes forgot to call your name in the roll-call, Endou-kun-」



Tears were pooling at the corner of the eyes of Hajime and co hearing the monologue that was just too pitiful. Aiko raised her voice in repentance.



――Heheh, even though I have a life like in a manga like this……surely even if it’s turned into manga the main character will be Nagumo, while my character won’t even get a face……



「It sounds like it will really happen in reality-, so don’t say such a sad thing-」



Hajime spontaneously said. Sumire gave tsukkomi 「Calm down. This is just a past playback right」 to her son who was unusually unable to bear the situation.



Actually a few years later, the autobiographical manga that Liliana drew (the somewhat beautified and dramatized version) also had the appearance of Kousuke there but……even though he appeared, for some reason only his face was hidden by his front hair and couldn’t be seen. It wasn’t like that when Liliana tried to draw his face, she wasn’t able to remember it at all……that wasn’t the reason. Surely.



――I simply, want a life when other people notice me……



「Endouu~~~~!!」



「……Nn~~~, do your best Endoou!」



「Kousuke-oniichan fight nano!」



「Kousuke-kun-, stand up! Stand up on your feet!」



「Endou-kun-, you are a capable person!」



「Kousuke-, does thy intend to give up on Rana-. Show that thy art a man!」



「I won’t forget-, to call your name anymore in the roll-call-……perhaps!」



「You’re the next clan head of Hauria aren’t you! Please show your guts!」



In contrast with the parents who didn’t know what to feel, Hajime and others were getting heated up in the same level like when they watched Inaba-san’s rising up story.



Then, although there was no way their voices reached him……a faint light was lit in Kousuke’s eyes.



――Nn? Nagumo is main character? ……Thinking carefully, if I die here there is possibility that Rana-san’ll also get taken away by Nagumo?



「No, that’s not gonna happen.」



「Right now is different but, Rana-san at that time was constantly in welcoming state. Or rather all of Hauria’s females are like that.」



Hauria’s female camp were always looking for opening to be granted with their boss’s affection, even if they had to gang up on Shia with all of them.



――Rana-san will……my Rana-san is being approached by the demon king’s poisonous fang-



「Oi, don’t say something scandalous like that.」



――No way no way no way-. This ain’t the time to sleep at this kind of place-. Right now, even at this very moment, Rana-san might get attacked, and yet I-



「……Looks like I need to have a talk with Endou about his perception of me.」



Hajime’s eyes turned into demon king. The possibility of Kousuke getting attacked instead of Rana was high!



Although his eyes were still hollow, there were light lit inside them. Kousuke crawled on all four and stood up.



Kousuke showed his guts, but his state made everyone went ‘Oh?’……



――!? Tsu, what, a voice is speaking directly in my brain……



――Fuh, my other half. Do you want power?



――Yo, you are-, don’t tell me-



――Indeed. My name is the abyss lord “Kousuke E Abyssgate”!



――Abyss, lord……



――I shall ask you one more time. My other half! Do you want power-



――Yeah……yeah-. I want power! A power that will make Rana-san recognize me-. A power to protect Rana-san to the end from the demon king-



――Kukuh. So you finally accept me. Very well! Let’s go together! There is no end to abyss!



By the way, it wasn’t a conversation inside the head. Kousuke was simply talking alone like two people. It was something like one-man show. Inside the great dungeon where there was nobody else.



Everyone went 「Uwaa」 with an expression as though they had seen something that shouldn’t be seen. Or rather, they couldn’t watch this at all. This state that cornered Kousuke by this much wasn’t something so half-hearted.



It seemed that another personality was made inside him because of the absurd stress. Right now the scene they were watching was exactly like that.



So far as it went, Kousuke right now didn’t have anything like multiple personality, so he must have recovered his sanity properly, even so this scene was painful enough to make Hajime and co lost their words.



「Hajime. Call Kousuke to our house when we’re home and have a talk with him man to man.」



「I’ll do that, Tou-san. I’ll be a bit kinder to him.」



Nagumo parent and son were staring at Kousuke with their kindest expression to date.



Like that, Kousuke became the abyss lord once more and stood up. He damaged himself while advancing forward. Kaori and others were also smoothly conquering the dungeon at the same pace. They also had their fill enjoying Shia’s pathetic past at the same time. Two hours past like that.



As expected, because of the inner structure that continued to change, they couldn’t clear it within several hours. In the end, they ended teleporting to the last boss area using Crystal Key.



「We have properly conquer some part of the dungeon, it’ll be nice if we get recognized after defeating the boss……」



「You’re right Shizuku-chan. Other great dungeon also has shortcut, so the possibility isn’t zero.」



「Fumu……if mine memory serves me right, the last art a battle against a giant golem correct?」



While deploying the gate, Hajime averted his gaze with his all for some reason.



「Miledy golem you mean. It was powerful desu. Thinking back now, seeing that it didn’t directly use gravity magic, I think she held back a lot against us at that time but……」



「……Nn. Perhaps, she simply couldn’t use her strength in order to save her power for the end. But, they way she dropped the whole ceiling, or controlling the knight golems……she was strong.」



Yue and Shia commented. Shia then said 「Now that you mention it」 and hit her palm as though noticing something at this late hour.



「Miledy is now gone, so it became a half autonomous golem isn’t it? If I remember right, Hajime-san placed it here once more didn’t you?」



「We, well yeah. It was after Endou conquered the dungeon but……that was because at that time I didn’t know that Endou was cornered to that degree. I thought that it would be problematic if dungeon conqueror show up so easily……」



「……You thought? What’s the matter Hajime? You’re acting strange since some time ago.」



「No, it’s nothing. Because I thought that, I added a little bit extra. Yeah, just a little but, you know.」



Hajime-san still keeping his gaze averted with all his effort and wouldn’t meet anyone’s gaze.



Even while feeling suspicious, maintaining the gate that kept getting dispersed was really difficult, so everyone shelved their question for later and leaped inside.



Although, there was no need to ask him later. Because the answer appeared right before them.



「「「……」」」



Kaori, Shizuku, and Tio stiffened.



Countless blocks were floating within a vast space……that was fine. It was just as they heard.



But, however.



They didn’t hear about this.



*GOGOGOGO-* Three pairs of mechanical wings on the back were emitting light, full load of weapons……it was a gigantic golem that looked like mobile sui○s they saw in robot anime of modern Japan. They didn’t hear anything about this!



Hajime deployed triple layers of eight points barrier with a natural movement. At the same time, the new golem-san folded its arms in a savory pose and casually activated its gimmicks with *JAKO-!!* sound.



The arms that extended from its rear had cannon turret docked above the shoulders.



――Two 88 mm rail cannons. Stand b~~~y



The gigantic drills on both sides of the waist started rotating *KIIIIIINN*, at the same time six gun barrels from the inside that was split into four showed themselves.



――Two variable 30 mm gatling rail guns. Stand b~~y



The chest armor slid and from inside an armament that looked like beehive showed up.



――Heat seeker missile – 120 shots. Stand b~~y



Someone turned the golem into this appearance.



Of course, there was only one culprit.



Kaori and others were turning to look across their shoulder with stiff motion like a creaking machine that hadn’t been oiled.



Their faces were written with 「This is a lie right?」.



Hajime obstinately kept his gaze averted he simply said the necessary words frankly.



「Look to the front. ――You’ll die you know?」



At that instant, the sound of tyranny loudly resounded.



At the same time,



「NOOOOOOOOOOOOO-」



「HAJIME YOU IDIOOOOOOOTT」



「DRA, DRAGON TRANSFORMATION-!!」



A scream and an insult and a flustered voice resounded.



Flash and flame blast and shockwave trampled the space. Kaori took defensive posture with her disintegration wings along with Shizuku, while Tio guarded using her black scales while gasping ‘ahn ahn-‘.



「……Ha, Hajime-san? What’s that? It’s completely different from our fight though. That’s not a level of adding a bit extra though!」



「That’s Super Miledy GGolem.」



「I see. I don’t get it.」



Tio was blown away while they were talking. She raised her voice ‘Aha~~hn’ in anguish while the giant body of black dragon crashed on the wall. The scales she was proud of were tattered.



On the other hand with Kaori and Shizuku, perhaps it was just as expected from the disintegration defense, it was splendidly blocking the barrage, but they were unable to move from their spot.



Then, Super Miledy G seemed to lose patience and showed a new movement. It was posing savorily while swinging its right arm, then the arm morphed with *gashon-* sound into an electromagnetically accelerated pile bunker.



It charged forward while the gushing of dramatic light on its back fluttered like meteor.



「Ka, Kaorii! RUUUUUUUNNNN」



「Ha, Hajime-kun! It’ll be fine right!?」



The Shirasaki husband and wife were completely panicked. Hajime nodded strongly.



「It will be fine. In the past, I broke through that disintegration defense using the same method. Even if it’s Kaori, she won’t be able to win against the sure-kill Pile Shot of my masterpiece Super Miledy G.」



「That’s not what I meant!」



Kaoruko-okaasan unusually tsukkomi-ed with all her strength. The kindhearted Myuu screamed her warning 「Ruuunn! Kaori-oneechan! Super run awaa~~y nano!」.



Kaori too seemed to have sensed the sparking gigantic pile bunker. In a hurry she escaped from the back of the silver wing cocoon together with Shizuku, and then without delay she withdraw in godspeed.



Right after that, the fiendish barrier that would disintegrate everything was easily pierced through from the center with a thunderous roar.



「NAGUMO HAJIMEEE-, YOU BASTARD DOING THAT TO KAORIIIII-」



Tomoichi-otousan jumped at Hajime. Sumire-okaasan also yelled 「Kaoriii! Shizuku-chaaan-. Come back heree~~e」. But, the best friend duo didn’t give up.



「We aren’t just going to keep getting done in-」



「Let’s go-, Shizuku-chan!」



Kaori and Shizuku appeared behind Super Miledy G when anyone noticed. Each of them moved to take away the arms of Super Miledy G with a slash of disintegration and space severing slash respectively.



‘Oo!!’ Cheers were raised but……



「Fuh, naïve. Do you two think that I’ll overlook its many blind spots that are created due to its huge size?」



「……Hajime, which side you’re on?」



The three pairs of protuberances that seemed like wings were purged from Super Miledy G. Those parts that were in the shape of triangle immediately floated in the air while turning around and pointed their tip to behind. Gun muzzle could be seen at the tips. All-range weapon was romance!



「Wai-!!?」



「It’s a lie right!?」



*CHUDODODODON* A storm of rifle bullet was fired. Kaori dodged with godspeed. Shizuku summoned a swarm of black katana and bundled them like flower petals, at the same time she activated space severance “Senka” in all the black katana.



『Eeei-, goshujin-sama! This art overdoing it!』



Tio made her comeback even while dropping complain like that. She rushed Super Miledy G with the black dragon’s huge body to seal its movement but……



「Wha-, a bea○ saber!?」



It was Shuu who yelled. Just as he said, Super Miledy G grasped two sticks that were attached on its thighs and mowed horizontally with another cool pose while activating the bea○ saber at the same time.



「The highest grade flame is heated even more using sublimation magic, and then it’s compressed using gravity magic. It was a pain to recreate that.」



「……So this is the thing that Hajime made me helped with.」



Tio’s scales were torn off right at this time and she tried to take distance in panic. But Super Miledy G docked the handle of the two bea○ sabers together to make them into a spear. Yue got a faraway look while looking at Tio who was being cornered by Super Miledy G that was making a savory pose.



「Hajime’s bad habit came out.」



Sumire’s convulsing expression told the story. Which was, the disposition of Hajime who would dash without knowing to stop when it came to creating things. Or rather, it was the karma of Nagumo family.



Even after that, there was space leap attack by bit weapon……



Or the opposite of countering by using the gate installed in the variable chakram to displace the attack of Kaori and co back to them……



Or an outrageous dodging method by purging the spot that would get cut and then immediately docking the parts back together……



Or external weapons flying out from several floating blocks which then docked with Super Miledy G, and then using the strengthened weapon a barrage was laid out like a storm……



Or the right hand burning bright red……



Or becoming battle mode by transformation……



Or drill……



「A, as expected isn’t this looking bad?」



「Is it just my imagination? It feels like Shizuku is half-crying though……」



Kirino showed her rare flustered appearance, while Shuuzou was sweating coldly.



Although, the three of them weren’t survivor of the holy precincts just for show. They had also grown stronger since then, so they wouldn’t allow themselves to keep getting done in forever.



The three of them got used to the movement of Super Miledy G and they had also recovered from their flustered state. They began to show teamwork in harmony.



Kaori toyed with the opponent using godspeed, Tio attracted its attention using large scale attack, and Shizuku took advantage of the instantaneous opening by stepping forward and cutting down its weapons little by little. Even if they got hit Kaori would immediately heal them.



Was Super Miledy G amazing that it could contend with the three of them right from the front? Or, were the three amazing that they could take on the embodiment of Hajime’s passion that was unrestrained?



It was extremely complicated. At the very least, it was a good fortune that abyss lord’s challenge was before Super Miledy G got deployed here. But considering that this thing was deployed here due to that abyss lord’s success, it could also be argued that right now Kaori and co were screaming in frustration was also his fault.



Putting that aside, Kaori and co were managing to shave down the opponent bit by bit like in a RPG boss battle. Their battle was quite an impressive sight.



Shia and Myuu, and then the parents starting from Yaegashi family were gradually cheering them on loudly. For some reason Hajime-san’s fearless grin was also deepening, and Yue’s exasperated gaze was also getting stronger!



「Haa, haa-, just a little bit more!」



「I, I thought we’re going to die but……looks like we’ll manage somehow.」



『Haa haa. Tha, that accursed goshujin-sama-. With something like this-, who wouldst be able to conquer this place in the future!』



Their exhaustion was fierce due to Raisen’s special characteristic. The three of them were already nearing their limit. However, Super Miledy G also got most of its weapons cut down by Shizuku. It also got hit by disintegration bombardment and dragon breath. It was damaged all over.



「Shizuku-chan! Tio! We’re going to finish it in one go!」



「Yes!」



『Understood!』



The three heightened their spirit so that this would be the last but……



Mass production of trump card was exactly Hajime quality.



「Naïve-, that’s naïve you three! You’re so naïve like Coca ○ola with plenty of sugar tossed in and then boiled until it’s concentrated!」 (TN: Naïve in Japan is amai, which could also mean sweet.)



「……That’s why, whose side you’re on Hajime?」



Hajime-san was the ally of romance.



As though answering its creator, Super Miledy G emitted light. Crimson magic power was sparkling and enveloped Super Miledy G. The armor parts were purged with *bashun bashun* sound, and its gigantic body became slim.



Super Miledy G became two sizes smaller. It folded its hand and scattered vast amount of crimson particles around. It was shining as though its whole body was heated red hot.



「Do, don’t tell me Hajime. You……」



Shuu turned a gaze that was mixed with awe at his son’s deed that knew no compromise. Hajime let out a 「Fuh」 savorily like a certain lord somewhere. Yue-san’s gaze was lukewarm. Her expression was saying 「How cute」 like what Sumire sent to Shuu before.



「The boss will become stronger when its HP gauge enter the red zone. That’s common sense!」



「THAT KIND OF COMMON SENSE IS UNNECESSARRYYYYYYYYYYY-」



Kaori’s yell echoed, at the same time Super Miledy G’s figure blurred. It seemed to be some kind of “Limit Break” state. It displayed a terrific mobility and instantly approached the three! The figure that blurred to two or three layers was just like Neunte in the past. Bea○ sabers flew out like assassin blade from the tips of its two arms and two legs! Cool!



「Trans-A○ Mode activate! Go-, Super Miledy G! Show them-, your power!」



「Hajime-, just which side you’re on!」



『Goshujin-sama-, let’s hold family meeting later on-. I wouldst not let thy get away with this!』



Intense quake burst deep underground Raisen once more. There were also angry yells and screams raised up.



After that, what was the result of the dungeon conquer of Kaori and co……



「Hey, Hajime-kun. Are you reflecting?」



「Hajime, who is telling you that it’s fine to stop sitting seiza?」



「Goshujin-sama, remake it. Back to the level of the original Miledy golem. Thy understand?」



「……Yes ma’am. I’m really sorry.」



It could be guessed from seeing Hajime who was sitting in seiza posture with his head hanging down, the Super Miledy G that became rubbish nearby after self-destructing, and the magic circle in Miledy’s hideout that wasn’t shining.



It seemed that Kaori and co obtaining gravity magic would still take a little while more.



.



.



AN: Thank you very much for reading this every time.



Thank you very much too for the thoughts, opinions, and reports about misspelling and omitted words.



It has been announced at Arifureta’s official homepage too but, volume 10 is planned to be released in June along with Drama CD.



In other words, Shirakome will have to get back into work again (sweat)



The update will be irregular again. I wish that I won’t be absent for one month but, if that actually happen then I’m sorry. Please keep taking care of this work from here on too.



.



※ Material introduction



It went without saying, the material is from Terminat○r. She also made a wonderful thumb up…



It’s reimported from Nichijou. From the evaluation of ???. (TN: Don’t know which reference is this. Here is the raw ボージョ○ー)



From the omake of comic volume 4. As expected from RoGa-sensei. The design was superb lol. The functions came from the frame of various certain robot anime. There won’t be any end to it if I start introducing them, so I’m sorry but it’s omitted! Only the last crimson one. Trans-A○. I super like it. There are also various other things inserted.



.



※ Updates in Gardo!



That’s all. Those chapters are in the middle of publishing for free. Please go take a look at them!



.



※Publication Zero volume 3 right now on sale.





Chapter 353




.



That man was in a horrible state.



――Guh, so my hidden secret technique is shattered-



His breath was short and gasping. One of his arms were limp and didn’t move at all as though it had been dislocated.



――So it can’t reach-. My strength-



The blood that was flowing out from his split forehead dirtied his face gruesomely. The black outfit was blackly dyed by his bleeding. He was literally wounded all over.



――So this is……as far as I go……



He ran out of weapon with only a single broken dagger remaining. His stamina was already at the limit.



However, but.



Only the oath he swore in his heart, was going strong!!



――Even if it’s hopeless by yourself, I’m still here



――My other half……



――We’ll go together-, isn’t that right!?



――Yeah, exactly. Exactly, partner!



That was why!



Although there wasn’t anyone watching! He played two roles alone like performing conversation!



――Not yet-. It’s still not over yet! You master of the deep labyrinth! My abyss has no limit-



Well, he was the abyss lord.



He swung around the limp arm forcefully while making a turn, the only action that he couldn’t possibly stop doing. Right after that, the abyss lord ate Miledy golem’s iron fist and he was blown away.



――Ogeeh, fuh, that was an, gofuh……afterimage!



It wasn’t an afterimage so he received great damage. He was literally vomiting blood.



And then, the current Miledy golem was an automatic type that didn’t reflect her personality, so it attacked further without the slightest mercy at all.



He desperately leaped from floating block to floating block desperately, but there the group of knight golem drew near.



――Wai-, sto-, don’-



He was ganged up and beaten black and blue. He was beaten up within an inch of his death. He was also kicked and grinded repeatedly. Next he also almost got everything he had torn off from his body.



The lord barely escaped with his life from the encirclement of the knight golems by jumping out. He was in a half naked state. He hugged the black outfit that had been reduced into a tattered scrap on his chest. His figure running in totter with teary eyes looked completely like a girl who was desperately running away from a rape.



Seeing such figure that was pathetic in a sense,



「He really doesn’t learn. As expected, Endou got guts.」



Words of praise echoed.



It was Hajime.



It was Hajime-san who prevented the great labyrinth capture of Kaori, Shizuku, and Tio as the result of his passion and romance gushing out excessively in developing and deploying the last boss in the style of series collaboration type Gun○m――Super Miledy G.



After getting hounded by the extremely enraged Kaori and co and made the Super Miledy G self-exploded tearfully, Hajime and co entered the deepest room. There, they got on Miledy’s magic circle, but as expected it seemed they weren’t recognized as successfully overcoming the last boss, so Kaori and others couldn’t obtain the gravity magic.



Naturally they pressed at Hajime in double extreme rage mode.



If asked how angry they were, it could be easily guessed when that Tio was starting her lecture with monotone voice that was filled with logic, prudence, moral, ethics, and sense. There was nothing more terrifying than a pervert who was scolding with composure as well as seriousness.



Also, Kaori was staring fixedly *jiii~~~* at him with eyes that were like whirling black hole, while Shizuku was starting to sharpen her black katana quietly. That sight was also absurdly terrifying.



It was to the level that Hajime displayed an astonishing scene of spontaneously taking seiza posture and said 「I’m really sorry for getting carried away……」.



And, that was why Hajime who was unable to endure the complicated gazes of the parents as well as Yue and others relied on our abyss lord at the same time when Tio’s scolding finished.



If it’s that guy then surely! He’ll smash apart this atmosphere without a doubt! Hajime thought.



Like that she asked Yue to replay the past to observe abyss lord VS last boss golem that was still normal at that time but……



「Yeah, even though he has been beaten up like this for almost nearly one hour.」



Shuu agreed with Hajime. His expression was showing strong color of admiration as expected.



The lord’s fragrant behavior was reaching the extreme when entering the climax of the labyrinth capture. At first both parent and son would cover their face with both hands while appreciating the playback from between their fingers, but right now they weren’t being like that anymore.



The other people were also the same.



That was solely due to the deep impression they received from the strength of the lord’s will that endured through this far. He exhausted every possible mean, however he wasn’t a match against what he faced. Even though he was in abyss lord mode he was running around without regard to his appearance, screaming pathetically, and even became teary eyed. And yet apparently there was no option of giving up within the lord.



Even though Hajime aimed to “smash apart the atmosphere” with the fragrant act that would make anyone able to endure watching, the lord’s battle was unexpectedly tugging at their heart.



Right now there was no one who would make tsukkomi at every little fragrant action or getting red faced. They were purely cheering at the lord’s deathly battle.



「……Nn. It’s making us feeling thrilled like this even though we already know the result……Endou, keep going.」



「Doing something like this for someone she love, it’s really firing you up! Do your best~!」



Yue was feeling sweaty in their palm, while Shizuku, Tio, and Aiko were also cheering while making comment at the same time regarding the main culprit.



「Really, after seeing this I’m reminded once more about how absurdly brutal the requirement that was set up.」



「After this an even more brutal requirement would be waiting. Normally it wouldn’t be strange for someone to think that they’re indirectly being rejected from being given such requirement but……」



「From the atmosphere of Rana-san at that time, it was like she was I unconsciously said that! wasn’t it? Really, as expected from Hauria.」



「I’m sorry for our Rana-san-」



If it had to be said further, if this requirement was cleared it still didn’t mean that Rana would go out with Kousuke. She would simply just “considering” going out with Kousuke. It made anyone wanted to make tsukkomi, Rana-oneesan, are you trying to act like a certain princess from a country somewhere huh?



Of course, for the person herself it was the first super passionate wooing from the opposite sex in her life that made her embarrassed and flustered that her mouth unconsciously slipped but……that kind of thing was also related with “So it’s Hauria again huh” as expected.



「But doing this for the sake of a girl he love is wonderful isn’t it.」



「Really. Endou-kun is a mysterious kind who I can recall completely how he look even though I should have met him several times but, after seeing this I won’t be able to forget him anymore――perhaps.」



Kaoruko agreed to Sumire’s words. Akiko and Kirino also nodded deeply.



「Actually, before seeing the past image here I was thinking “Endou-kun? Who was that?”, but to think he is actually someone this amazing.」



「His battle technique is also splendid. I even want to make him learn the reverse side of Yaegashi style.」



Even the evaluation from the mama~s was extremely favorable. And it went without saying how Shuu and others the papa~s were feeling. Kousuke’s evaluation was rising explosively.



But, there Sumire suddenly tilted her head.



「Eh? But it’s strange. I can’t really remember his face……」



「Now that you say it……even while looking at him like this, mysteriously I can’t see his face.」



「Strange……. Things like his front hair, or the dust, or the golem, when his face almost come into view there will be something in the way and I won’t be able to see his face clearly.」



Kaoruko and Kirino were also puzzled by that profoundly mysterious phenomenon.



「Kousuke-oniichan, she is like the faceless god nano~」



「「「!!?」」」



The gaze of Hajime and Shuu and Sumire snapped at Myuu. Remia asked Myuu with her usual nonchalant tone.



「Myuu, what do you mean by faceless god?」



「He is a friendly uncle nano~」



「Myuu! Give me a bit more detail of that! What kind of uncle he is!?」



「? I can’t really remember nano. That’s why he is just like Kousuke-oniichan!」



「Right now Kousuke-oniichan doesn’t matter!」



「Wait Hajime! Myuu-chan is joking isn’t she? She is isn’t she!?」



「Pe, perhaps, she saw something at the internet right? Right? Myuu-chan, that’s the case right?」



「?」



In respond to Shuu’s question, I don’t really get what you are saying……Myuu made a puzzled expression that seemed to say that. Seeing that, the Nagumo parents and child’s expression spasmed together.



「It’s someone’s bad joke, obviously that’s the case. But Hajime! Just in case, do something about it!」



「Yeah, you’re right. That’s just a fiction after all! But Hajime! Just in case, do something!」



「Acknowledged!」



It seemed it was only the Nagumo parents and child who really got an idea about it. Everyone was making a puzzled expression wondering what they were so flustered about.



Then, right after that, the lord inside the past playback screamed. The blocks on the ceiling came off and fell down like heavy rain.



「Ah, that one huh. That was also dangerous for us wasn’t it.」



Even Hajime who was greatly worried by Myuu’s disposition to attract strange occurrences immediately returned to his senses and let out deeply emotional words. In the past he used Limit Break and Lightspeed to somehow slip through this, even so he couldn’t get away unharmed from this “ceiling drop”. In a manner of speaking, it was a last boss’s handbook all area attack.



「Eh? But unlike with our time, the way they fell is systematic isn’t it?」



「……Nn. Perhaps, without Miledy controlling it, they’re falling through the pattern that had been set beforehand.」



Just like Yue said, the ceiling blocks were only falling straight with their timing slightly off. So to speak, it was like high speed tetris. It seemed that it became something that could be slipped through somehow just barely.



Although, the lord had been wounded all over and past his limit from a long time ago. He desperately slipped through the heavy rain of ceiling blocks but his movement was lacking luster as expected. Finally he got hit by one block.



He raised a voice of anguish and his body was blown away. The lord fell toward the ground of the vast space. Just before he crashed on the ground, he somehow deployed a barrier in an instant and softened the impact. But, he vomited blood from the great damage.



While his expression turned despairing seeing the mercilessly falling blocks, he crawled and rolled on the ground, somehow shoving himself into the gaps between blocks and avoided becoming a stain on the ground.



Although, that was all. He was buried under the mountain of blocks and no matter how they looked it he had run out of option. He was also running out of strength too.



「……Oi oi. That guy, from here how did he……」



Hajime’s question was only normal. It was like the checkmate had been unspokenly declared from what they could see.



Then,



――Damn ittt……this is pathetic……



Kousuke’s mutter echoed. It was a small mutter that sounded hoarse and weak.



However, it was a voice that contained no resignation at all.



――But well, something to this degree……yeah



――If not, then dealing a wound on that guy……will just be a pipe dream



The automatic Miledy golem and the knight golems were surrounding him at midair. In the middle of that a disquieting presence was rising up from under the ceiling blocks restlessly.



――Because that guy……Nagumo……he didn’t give up a single thing



「……」



――He was against an opponent he was totally helpless against……against a god-……even so he fucking won-



「……」



――Then, even Iii-



*Stir stir stir stir* Something like a black mist was flowing out from between the gaps. It completely covered the ground in the blink of eye……



――Who the hell is going to give up at the end like this-, I’ll burn this soul until nothing remain-



Clone bodies were gradually rising from the black mist.



Naturally, Raisen’s degrading effect dispersed them.



Clone bodies were created again right after.



Disperse.



Appear.



Disperse, appear, further dispersion.



Disperse, appear, appear appear……



If it was dispersed then even more appeared! Appear appear appear disperse appear appear appear appear disperse appear appear appear appear appear appear appear appear appear disperse appear appear appear appear appear appear appear appear appear disperse――



The appearance rate of the clone bodies was suprassing Raisen’s magic power dispersion effect!



A sublime will was mastering the stunt of creating clone bodies from clone bodies at this eleventh hour, realizing multiplication at overwhelming speed!



Seeing that scene, seeing the friend who used his way of living as the support of his heart to rouse himself, Hajime was――



「Uwah, disgusting-」



Creeped out.



Next,



「Papaaa-, it’s scary nano~~」



Myuu hugged her papa with tearful eyes.



Because, it couldn’t be helped. They were crawling out rustlingly without end from the gaps of the blocks. The ground was completely covered with the stirring lords in the blink of eye.



That scene looked exactly like a great swarm of Ggokiburi?cockroach. It was the reappearance of nightmare in Haltina sea of trees.



「Hiih. No more of thaatt-」



「Shizuku-chan! Get a hold of yourself! That’s not G but Endou-kun!」



「Both of those things are the same!」



「I understand that you’re confused but-, Shizuku-san! As expected that’s too pitiful for him desuu!」



「Black thing, a lot, no!」



「Aa, Yaegashi-san is regressing into infant! Here-, soul magic!」



「Don’t return me to sanity! Ai-chan-sensei!」



「Shizuku, that’s pathetic. In our Yaegashi style, there is also ninjutsu――cough, acrobatics and torture――cough, questioning art that used cockroach.」



「Ojii-chan! Confess already that we’re ninja! I won’t be deceived at all!」



「I’ll teach it next time to Shizuku so you can conquer your weakness.」



「I’ll sever our parent and child relationship! Okaa-san!」



Shizuku recalled the gruesome pass of loving G at Haltina Great Labyrinth and slipped into small madness. But even during that time the abyss lord that had been truly awakened began his last battle.



Using the clone bodies as stepping stones, or sometimes throwing them, with the overwhelming quantity that continued to multiple endlessly he leaped toward Miledy golems and others.



The knight golems were wrestled by several dozen lords in a flash and taken down to the ground, or perhaps they were dragged into simultaneous self-destruction and got pulverized.



The clones plundered the shield or sword from those knight golems and shaved down the weapon of Miledy golem using wave attacks from all directions.



――Kuh, this black steel-, it’s too hard-



――There isn’t a scratch even with suicide bombing-



The azantium armor that protected the Miledy golem’s core. Although its power was reduced, it was a protective wall that blocked even Hajime’s railgun. The lord gritted his teeth before it. But, at the same time,



――Muh!? This is……so that’s how it is!



――Begone!



――I shall self-destruct! Glory to the abyss!



The piled up ceiling blocks were blown away. The ceiling blocks were pulverized with brute force using quantity of suicide bombing. Cutting across the cloud of dust, the clones carrying black sword or spear leaped up.



「That kind of thing huh……」



「……Nn? Hajime, what’s the matter?」



Hajime showed a face of understanding. Yue tilted her head and asked him.



「No, it’s the azantium chest armor protecting Miledy golem’s core. It’s practically impossible to destroy in a place where you can’t use magic decently. It will be a checkmate if you can’t brute force using magic with colossal magic power.」



「……Nn. Certainly.」



「Even though it’s a place where you can’t use magic, you can’t clear it without using magic……as expected from Miledy! Dirty! You’re dirty Miledy!」



「No, there was a relief measure after a fashion. You know, even my pile bunker, even if it has enough power it will be broken if it’s only normal metal stake right? But mine was also manufactured from azantium.」



Right after that, the clone bodies hit Miledy golem’s azantium armor dozens of times with the black swords or spears before it finally cracked. They were shaving off the armor bit by bit in order to widen the crack.



Kaori nodded in understanding.



「I see! The weapons that Endou-kun are holding are also made from azantium! The reward of enduring the rain of ceiling blocks is obtaining those weapons from inside the blocks after destroying them!」



「It seems that originally it’s something like that.」



「That’s a lie! There is no way Miledy can have that kind of conscience!」



「Shia, you are really scathing toward Miledy huh. No, I understand your feeling though.」



Even while making such conversation, the lord endlessly continued thrusting at Miledy golem exactly like hungry G swarming at just one food.



――We, still have this much strength!?



――This power that is welling up from inside……



――I see. This is, this is……the power of love-



That was just the special quality of abyss lord mode you know? That exposition was thoroughly explained from Kaori to all the parents.



Right after that, the clones finally succeeded in throwing the Miledy golem to the wall. The main body of the lord landed on the floating block right above it while holding a black spear. His last charge was fierce.



――Try to receive this-, o ancient protector! This is my abyss style final ultimate secret techniqueAbyssgate Zero――――



He said such thing. No matter how much time passed boy would always love the cliché or chuuni……as though to proof that, not just Hajime and Shuu, even Tomoichi and others were also going 「Oooh」 in excitement, and finally Kousuke E Abyssgate’s finishing attacK――



――BUURRRRRRRNIN○ LOOOOVE-!!!



Struck out. It was a normal thrust, but perhaps surely it was the final ultimate secret technique. Just to be clear, it reached Miledy’s core without fail.



Miledy golem turned limp, light was gone from its eyes, and it was crucified to the wall. Then the lord fell to the ground as though he had used up all of his energy and willpower and lied spread-eagled. Seeing that Hajime was――



「Was that a rip-off?」



「That was a rip off.」



「That was a rip off wasn’t it~」



Nagumo family was merciless. Certainly, it was like a certain fast battleship that was personified into human. Perhaps before long he would also speak 「YES! I will show you what Aby is made of!」.



「A, anyway he won! Endou-kun is amaziiing」



「Really. As expected from someone who is called “nonchalantly the mankind’s strongest” or “the demon king’s right arm”.」



When Kaori and Shizuku said that in order to repair the mood that was broken by the Nagumo family, words of praise were expressed as though they had just seen a great Hollywood movie.



「Yeah, really.」



Although he spoke few words, Hajime’s expression that formed a small smile expressed his praise more eloquently than anything.



「H~m, but is he really alright? Endou-kun, it feels like he really had spent everything he has……」



「He isn’t even twitching you know? Somehow it feels like he will die anytime now.」



The Hatayama mother-daughter worriedly looked at the lord on the ground.



――Hics hics hics hics, I did it, I did it me……I want to die……hics hics hics hics, with this I’m one step closer to Rana……I’m glad I came alone……hics hics hics hics……what the hell did I mean by the inner me……why did I play two role by myself……I am me……ah, this way of speaking is also……shit-, my heart is invaded……I’m becoming not me……wait that’s why that’s not it, me! I cannot speak in that way! Ah, I’m talking to myself again! This is bad, really baad, even though the lord mode should have been dispelled my words are strangely fragrant like thiiss……



He couldn’t move from the damage, but, rather than the damage to his body, the damage to his heart was unbearable that the flood of tears couldn’t stop. The figure of Kousuke continuously muttering to himself could be seen there.



The impressed face of Hajime and co was overwritten with 「Uwaa」 to the expression of pity right away.



Although, it was the truth that the damage was serious, even the recovery medicine that he brought with him had been used up since a long time ago. If that was the case then just how on earth Kousuke could advance forward from here and then returning back later?



While everyone was watching over him, that answer finally arrived.



One knight golem was regenerated and approached Kousuke with noisy footsteps.



Kousuke moved only his eyes to confirm that and his expression turned pale. He was extremely fatigued that he couldn’t even move a finger. He was truly in a hopeless situation. If he was attacked right now, he would be killed as easily as killing a baby.



But, that knight golem didn’t even unsheathe its sword and slowly kneeled beside Kousuke. Then at the next moment, it took a surprising action.



Shockingly, it took out a small jar filled with liquid from somewhere and gently placed it on Kousuke’s mouth. Due to that, Kousuke was healed to the degree that he could lift up his body.



It seemed, there was some healing bonus as the reward for clearing the great labyrinth.



Seeing that,



「Lies-, this is a lie-! There is no way that Miledy is someone this uprighttt!!」



「……Nn!? Shia, calm down! You forget your “desuu” desuu!」



「Yue too calm down! The end of your sentence got a “desuu” there!」



Shia was frenzied. Yue’s mind was in chaos that she snatched Shia’s end of a sentence. Hajime understood the two’s feeling and soothed them down.



That was just how shocking Miledy’s kind consideration was even now when they knew that she was a true protector who thought of the world. At the very least, it would be impossible for her to make him drank the potion like that. Even if she gave someone a recovery medicine, surely she would place it on a position that was just barely couldn’t be reached by the hand of someone who couldn’t move!



「That’s right desu! Surely, it was a paralyzing medicine or something that she dressed up as recovery medicine――」



「Ah, Endou-kun stood up! Looks like he recovered!」



「I don’t want to admit iiit! I don’t want to aaadmit it!!」



It seemed that Shia’s feeling toward Miledy was really strong whether for good or bad. Her rabbit ears and rabbit tail were shaking left and right wildly.



While everyone was soothing down Shia, a floating block came in front of Kousuke. It was the same with the one that Hajime and co rode. Kousuke’s step was unsteady but he somehow got on it and vanished into the deepest room.



Like that, around the time Shia somehow calmed down.



There was the sound of a lot of water flowing along with the scream 「Aa~~~~~~!!」 reaching their ears.



AN: Thank you very much for reading this every time.



Thank you very much too for the thoughts, opinions, and reports about misspelling and omitted words.



I could somehow update, but it is short because I wrote them hurriedly and in addition the story doesn’t progress, I’m sorry (sweat)



A part of me also want to do the travel journal slowly so please forgive me.



I hope that everyone can give me a little bit more time until the next update.



.



※Material



From Kongou-oneesama in Kancolle.



From the god of Cthulhu Mythos. ※Not a certain girl who is hard to describe and fight using something like crowbar.



From Gunda○’s Halo.





Chapter 354




Arifureta Chapter 354



Arifureta After III Tortus Travel Journal ⑬



.



Inside a pure white room, the illusion water was whirling with rushing sound *zaa~~~~*.



Witnessing the intense stream that felt like it would really swallow them for real, the audiences――especially the parents like Shuu and Sumire were holding their breath.



At the same time,



――Things that you don’t like, can only be washed away with water☆



At the end of her sentence it felt like there was a voice ‘run♪’ that sounded truly aggravating. It caused everyone to go 「Uwaa」with an appalled expression.



Of course they would. Whether it was the white room that looked immaculate, or the whirling water, or the hole at the center, no matter how they looked at it, it was a scaled up version of a toilet, and the past Hajime, Yue, and Shia were flushed into it.



The act of flushing humans, furthermore conquerors who had overcome the trial of the dungeon after much effort like they were filth――



「Miledy, seriously DEATH to Miledy-」



Shia was recalling various things again and almost got raging again. The intonation at the end of her sentence was subtly different from usual which was noticed by everyone, but like they said, best to not wake up the sleeping dragon and all that. Everyone didn’t make any retort at her.



Within the past image, Yue immediately used wind magic to make the three of them float, but the figure of her getting struck into the water to crush the attempt was projected in the image. Yue-sama’s hair was also fluttering slo~wly in the air from the magic power aura of anger oozing from her.



「……It’s frustrating but, even watching it now it’s still really brilliant.」



Even without asking what, they understood what she wanted to say. It was Miledy’s activation of gravity magic. “As easy as breathing” must be referring to something like this.



Although she was angry toward the humiliating act, as a magic expert it seemed that her focus was directed to that as expected.



While watching the sight inside the image where Hajime and others were yelling angrily even while being flushed away, Kaori asked Yue beside her who was making a ‘gunununu’ groan.



「Can the current Yue do the same thing?」



「……Of course. Is what I want to say but, if it’s limited to only gravity magic……then eventually I might be outdone by her.」



It was really honest of her. That must be exactly why she was going ‘gunununu’.



「……The magic’s formulation power, the magic power control and efficiency, activation speed, the lack of waste in all of them is too striking. Even though it’s a magic that she used casually, it’s a superb technique at its core.」



In other words, in case it came to a straightforward battle, it was possible that at the end even the current Yue would get pushed back due to inferior processing speed and number of moves.



Everyone except Hajime showed a shocked expression at Yue’s objective evaluation. The vampire princess who was generally accepted as a cheat in magic was evaluating herself as “still not there” even if it was only limited to one field.



It couldn’t be helped that everyone was staring at Yue open mouthed in a daze. That dumbfounded state was wiped away by the thunderous sound next.



――Heh!? This is, don’t tell me-!?



Miledy’s flustered voice resounded, then the next moment in a corner of the room exploded.



The unexpected explosion blast made everyone couldn’t help but get flustered even knowing that it happened in the past image. Shuu and Sumire raised their voices spontaneously.



「Uoh, what’s going on!? Hajime explanation please!」



「Hajime! You’re the culprit anyway! What did you do!?」



The two parents who suspected their son as the criminal without even a shred of doubt. In fact he was the criminal, so Hajime averted his gaze slightly while confessing.



「Just before I got flushed away, I threw a knife attached with a grenade to the wall.」



Leaving behind explosive before leaving. That was Hajime quality.



‘A terrorist! His way of thinking is completely that of a terrorist!’ That was what Kaori papaTomoichi’s expression was saying while also saying it loudly. Everyone couldn’t help but agree.



Hajime-san looked really pleased at the 「Hinyaa~~h」 scream of Miledy. That made it even harder to deny it.



Even while doing such thing, the time was advancing inside the past image. The figures of the past Hajime and co completely vanished, then the explosion and water stream also settled down.



Like that,



「Eh!? There is another room deeper inside!?」



Shia raised a shocked voice. Her rabbit ears also jumped straight. Hajime and Yue also opened their eyes wide in surprise.



Kaori and others who visited this room for the first time were also showing confusion. Hajime thought for a bit before opened his mouth with a groan.



「Thinking really carefully, Miledy was living here, so it’s natural that there is a living space for her. To think that I was satisfied from just stripping off all of her belongings……we should intrude into there-」



「Goshujin-sama, that art of burglary!」



「The treasure of a hidden room! It’s exciting nano! Let’s snatch everything inside nano!」



「My my, Myuu……. Dear, please restrain yourself slightly in front of Myuu……」



Myuu was speaking like a member of bandit group with a smile. As expected, against Tio’s exasperated face and Remia’s gaze as though she was looking at a troubling person, even Hajime had no room to argue back.



The gazes of the parents were also really cold. To varnish over it, he tried saying 「That Miledy fellow was also hopeless, if she has a home there then it should be fine if she treated her guest to a tea or something isn’t it」 but,



「There is no one who will prepare tea for a robber you know, Hajime.」



「Hajime-kun. His common sense is still not……」



He also received exasperation from Shizuku and Aiko.



Perhaps, if Hajime and co were more motivated to kill the god, then Miledy might have invited them inside the room. And then, she might told them the story about the liberators in more detail.



Everything was the fault of Hajime who did something like 「Oy, try jumping for a bit. You still have something else right? Aa?」 when pestering Miledy for items. That was the final answer. He should resign himself to receive the exasperated gaze from everyone.



The atmosphere was awkward, so Hajime cleared his throat and forcefully moved the talk forward.



「My bad Yue. Can you replay the past a bit more?」



「……Nn! I’ll do my best!」



She also resupplied her magic power from the magic crystal stone. Yue clenched both her fists in a show of her motivation. Yue herself seemed to be curious about the room that they didn’t even notice at that time and about Miledy after they were flushed away.



The group smiled wryly at Hajime’s obvious diversion of topic while turning their focus to the past image too.



Inside the image, the wall was grandly destroyed. Mini Miledy who was blown away until the other side of the room was twitching.



But right away she stood up in a flash and said things like 「That bastarrddd!」 or 「I thought I almost died for real there!」 or 「Get cursed so that you will be abnormally sweaty at your armpit!」, anyway she hurled abusive language at Hajime. She was also expressing her anger by flapping her arms and legs while she was at it.



Mini Miledy golem was tiny, so it could be seen like a child making a fuss. They didn’t understand the principle behind it but her Nico-chan mask was making so many different expressions it looked really comical.



For a while she rolled around kicking her arms and legs, hitting the floor, doing the bridge of anger posture, etc, to vent her resentment, then Miledy finally noticed the futility of her act.



She looked at the broken wall and her shoulders dropped powerlessly, then she made an abrupt change by showing her motivation and started repairing.



For a while there was only the scene of Miledy doing nothing but repairing, so Yue fast-forwarded it while Hajime checked the wall during that time.



「From what I saw in the image, there is a mechanism around here……」



「Hajime, won’t it be fine if you just open a hole using transmutation?」



Hajime glared at the wall while shaking his head at Shuu’s words.



「It feels like I’ll lose if I do that.」



「You, you’re in the faction of not looking at the game guide when playing game huh.」



Shuu showed an understanding face that said ‘I get you~’, and there the image’s fast-forward stopped. At the same time, the wall’s repair was also finished apparently. Hajime too found the wall’s mechanism and succeeded in opening the wall.



They entered inside following the past Miledy.



「It’s unexpectedly simple……the number of books is amazing though.」



「……Nn. She was a golem so she didn’t need food.」



「There is a bed. But, there isn’t anything like toilet or shower desu.」



The inside of the room wasn’t really barren, but there wasn’t really any sign of living from it. The lack of things that originally should be necessary for a human’s livelihood gave them such impression even more.



The first thing that caught their eye was the bookshelves. The bookshelves were made by gouging out the wall itself and they reached until the ceiling. Old books were placed inside them to the brim. There wasn’t any sign of decay might be because they were protected by magic.



The bed was simple. There was also no blanket because there was no need for it. It was just a place to lie down the golem body.



Miledy was inspecting the wall from inside her living space. Hajime sent her a glance before sending his gaze to the place he was the most interested in.



「That’s……」



「A photo nano!」



Myuu’s eyes sparkled as though she had discovered a treasure. She ran toward it *sutetetetete-* with rapid steps.



Kaori’s eyes blinked in astonishment at the discovery of the unexpected item.



「So there was something like photo at the era when Miledy-san and others were living.」



「Perhaps the civilization was developed, or perhaps she especially ordered it from Oscar. Perhaps it’s the latter I think.」



They approached while making such talk. Framed pictures were lining up on the shelf jutting out from the wall.



All the photos had smiling face. They contained a lot of people, various places, along with displays of extraordinary smiles. And then at the center of the photos, there would be one girl without fail. A girl with the same pretty blond hair like Yue, and blue eyes just like Shia.



「Hajime. Could it be she is……」



「Yeah, Tou-san. This girl is Miledy. The liberator Miledy Raisen.」



In the past, within the breaking holy precincts, Hajime and Yue alone saw Miledy’s soul. The blonde haired and blue eyes girl projected over the golem’s body.



Hajime and Yue absolutely couldn’t forget the figure of that girl they saw at the end. And then, that unforgettable figure was inside the photos right now.



Among them, there was one photo that looked conspicuously radiant. It was a group photo of seven people. At the center, the glasses youth who they saw before this――Oscar was looking panicked with his arm getting pulled by Miledy. And then as though to surround those two, there was the expressionless Naiz, Meiru who had a fearless smile, Vendeur who was looking exasperated, Laus with a grim look, and Lyutillis with her bewitching atmosphere.



Even though their expressions were all over the place and they had different race and birthplace……it was obvious from looking at it. All of them had fun somewhere inside them. All of them directed warm feeling toward Miledy. Their heart became one with her as their center.



The gazes of Hajime and others naturally turned toward the Miledy inside the past image.



Mini Miledy seemed to have finished repairing the wall and performed the last check. She lied down spread-eagled on the bed and spouted out her indignation that seemed to have been reignited.



She flailed and flailed around. She raged a lot with her metal body.



Before long, even that flame of anger seemed to have died out.



She lied down spread-eagled without moving at all. Her Nico-chan mask also returned to its default state.



With as much as she had made a ruckus, the air that was silent as grave was painful. When she wasn’t moving at all like this, Miledy was like an unmoving junk. Seeing her like that made a desolated feeling to constrict their chest for some reason. Myuu grabbed Hajime’s hand tightly.



「She is, all alone.」



Shia muttered a few words.



「……Nn. Even more than me, for far longer time.」



Yue who had tasted an imprisonment of three hundred years stared at the unmoving Miledy with a clear gaze.



Shuuzou suddenly asked.



「Hajime-kun. How long she was alive?」



「I don’t know the precise number. But if I have to say, it’s to a degree that there is no precise record remaining whether in literature, or even in Miledy’s own memory.」



「I see…….」



That was, just how much time it was?



Just how many times the history was created and destroyed by Ehito’s hand during that time.



Yue’s era, Tio’s era.



And then, the many eras far before that. History.



It was months and years that would allow a water drop to pierce through a giant stone.



Gazes filled with various emotions were directed toward the lying down golem that was silent alone.



Her annoyingness that rubbed people’s nerves the wrong way was number one under heaven. And yet, why was it. Along with the desolation, they sensed an immense will that even made them felt fear.



While Hajime and others were staring wordlessly, before long, Miledy slowly reached out her hand toward the ceiling. As though she was trying to touch something. Perhaps, she was trying to grasp for something.



――They really……appeared……those who surpassed our trial……



The emotion dwelling inside that voice, how should it be described? No one understood how to describe it. But, it was deep and heavy. To a degree they were overwhelmed by the small whisper.



While everyone was watching, Miledy suddenly stood up and stared lovingly at the photos. She was reporting about Hajime and others to her comrades who had passed away a long time ago with flood of emotions.



There wasn’t even a shred of her annoyingness there. Inside the silent space where no reply came back, there was only Miledy’s happy voice being spun like a melody.



「She looked very happy there.」



Shuu said while putting his arm on Hajime’s shoulders. Hajime felt extremely embarrassed for some reason and replied curtly 「Looks like it」, but the corner of his eyes loosened.



「Mu, muu……a mere Miledy dare to looks so solemn desuu」



「……Nn. Making us cry like this」



Tears pooled up on the corner of Yue and Shia’s eyes. Kaori and others too, seeing the back of mini Miledy continuing to talk at the photos made their eyes moistened from the feeling rising up in their chest.



Before long Miledy seemed to be satisfied and ended her report toward her comrades. She then took a different photo.



――Everything, began from you



The photo was displaying a red haired woman wearing maid uniform. She had a style that rivaled Tio and showed an annoying smile that reminded them of a certain someone.



And then, beside that woman,



「Is this……Miledy-san when she was a child?」



Just like Kaori said, there was the figure of small Miledy there. But, Hajime and others couldn’t immediately declare that the girl was Miledy due to the same reason why Kaori was muttering with questioning tone.



The reason because, the child Miledy’s expression was only showing a bit of bafflement. The color of emotion couldn’t really be seen from her face, and her eyes were also practically lightless.



As people who knew Miledy, the red haired maid and the child Miledy looked opposite in expression and attitude……it couldn’t be helped for them to think so.



「Who is this woman……」



The gaze Miledy directed to the woman’s picture was different from the one she directed to Oscar and others, however, the passion felt from Miledy was equal if not more. It made Hajime to unconsciously direct a questioning gaze at her.



Sumire stared at the bookshelves and asked.



「Hey, Hajime. Miledy-san doesn’t leave behind a diary like Oscar-san?」



「It’s also my first time entering this place so……let’s try searching it for a bit.」



Projecting the era when Miledy and others were living using past replay was impossible no matter what due to the magic power cost. They wouldn’t be able to see through that far if they weren’t using concept magic for that.



The past of Miledy wasn’t written in detail even in Oscar’s diary, so the bookshelves of this room was the only possibility for them to be able to learn about the red haired maid.



「Let’s search! I’m absurdly curious!」



「……Nn. This maid’s smile is very irritating. I also want to investigate.」



「The dress that the small Miledy art wearing, it looks really high quality. There art also a maid accompanying her, couldst it be Miledy was born from a good family? I’m also curious.」



Next after Shia who considered Miledy as her one and only sworn enemy!, Yue, Tio, and then Kaori and others were also nodding in enthusiasm.



Everyone was apparently curious about the past of the liberator’s leader.



Hajime nodded with a wry smile, then he took out the compass. He searched for anything like Miledy’s diary.



In the end……



The compass reacted.



「Oh, it seems there is something.」



There was a book with blue cover at a corner of the bookshelves. Hajime took it into his hand and flipped the pages quickly.



「Note……or rather it’s like a record for memory awakening just in case something happen. The story about her childhood……it’s here.」



It seemed that Miledy’s own memory was preserved mainly using soul magic. The book in Hajime’s hand was something like external memory just in case there was a problem with the golem.



Yue and others were also gathering around to look eagerly. As expected it would be difficult for everyone to read a single book, so Hajime extracted only the interesting part and read it aloud.



As the result,



「I, impossible desu……such thing is just!」



Shia was flustered. Furthermore it was to a great degree. It was like she had just learned the secret of the world. Her rabbit ears were trembling, as though to say 「I don’t want to accept it-! I don’t want to accept iiitt!」.



Certainly, “that” was a shocking truth. It was an unbelievable truth that overturned her world.



Hajime and Yue were also showing agitation that had never been seen before.



Kaori and others were all shedding tears.



It was that big of a truth. An impossible truth.



Yes, that was……



「Miledy’s annoyingness! Was something she inherited! I’m not going to believe it no matter what!」



Miledy-san, at the beginning she wasn’t annoying! Rather, she was a lady who would be the next head of the house of count Raisen!



「Impossible……this red haired maid……is the annoying person of the beginningoriginator!?」



「……To think that Miledy, was actually the one annoyed by this woman’s annoyingness……that’s just strange!」



Strength left the legs of Hajime and Yue. It seemed the shock the two felt made even them fall on their knees.



According to the note, the red haired maid “Bel” was the exclusive maid of Miledy when she was still a noble. Apparently she was a really annoying person. That annoying way of speaking of Miledy came wholly from this Bel after many twists and turns.



「Lo, look here, Hajime-kun, Yue, Shia. I think that’s not the point you three should focus on.」



Kaori wiped her tears while sending a fixed stare at Hajime and others. Shizuku and others were also sending them a cold gaze together.



「It’s just as Kaori said! This person called Bel was the founder of the “Liberator” organization! That Bel-san died and Miledy-san inherited her will! Those are the points you should pay attention to shouldn’t it!?」



「Goshujin-sama. This art the unknown episode where the Miledy that we know is born you know?」



「Hajime-kun, Yue-san, Shia-san. Sensei wish that you three will read the atmosphere a bit more.」



「Papa……Miledy-oneechan, is pitiful nano……」



The emotion of Miledy that was conveyed from the book was brimming with sorrow. Not to mention Kaori and co, even the parents couldn’t help but to cry. And so, it also couldn’t be helped for them to think 「Read the mood, seriously……」.



Receiving cold gazes from everyone else who were being tearful, as expected Hajime, Yue, and Shia became awkward. They coughed while standing up.



And then, he urged Yue to continue the past replay with a slightly solemn atmosphere.



With that, Miledy who was caressing Bel’s photo lovingly with her metal finger spoke her fundamental feeling that didn’t fade even after several thousand of years had passed as though she was praying.



――May the people of the future, be able to live under free will



The words of prayer were filled with mysterious power. It was quiet, but it reverberated with dignity.



Her small back looked extremely big.



「Rest assured. The world is liberated……no, guess there is no need to tell this.」



「……Nn. Miledy said it at the holy precinct. 『Finally, I can go to where everyone is without worry』, she said.」



They remembered that time at the end. After Hajime said that they absolutely wouldn’t forget about Miledy and others, and Yue said that the path Miledy and her friends had taken wasn’t pointless, the bashful and emotional expression Miledy showed at that time.



Even after the past image vanished, for a while no one said anything. In order to feel the weight of history that humans had piled up. And also, in order to offer a silent prayer mourning the protectors of the world.



It was unknown how much time passed of them doing that.



Before long everyone naturally softened the atmosphere and looked at each other.



「Hajime. You showed us something good. Thanks.」



「I’m glad to learn about Miledy-san. Though if possible I want to know more about her.」



Shuu and Sumire said that, then Tomoichi and others also spoke the same thing while enduring gentle emotion behind their eyes.



「Yeah. When we were traveling we didn’t really have any leeway, so we basically just ignored the matter of the liberator but……using the trip this time as opportunity, it might be good to try investigating about that era.」



Like that, Hajime too replied with a gentle smile. There Shia hit her hand as though she remembered something.



「That’s right! This is a good chance, let’s take a look at Miledy before she departed to the final decisive battle! ……That was the last battle for her, so surely she departed full of resolve.」



「Kuku-. Shia. No matter what thou said, you art hopelessly curious about Miledy art thou not?」



「It’s not like I’m curious about her!」



Seeing how she reflexively refusing it so quickly like that, it seemed she was curious. Her rabbit ears were flapping *funyan funyan* shyly.



「Yue, can you do it?」



「……Nn. I’ll pass the baton to Kaori after this considering my magic power.」



「Leave it to me~」



While saying that, Yue activated the past replay by matching the time period when Miledy departed from here based on Kaori’s memory.



At the end of her endless journey, the day of the final battle, what kind of feeling she harbored when she departed to battle……



While everyone was watching in a solemn atmosphere――



――Yaa! Are you weeell~♪ Peeing rabbit-chan♪ Pugyaa—h



「!!!?」



――Is vocation “robber”-kun and, the completely horny vampire-chan also wellll?



「She, she predicted us……」



Hajime’s cheeks were twitching. Mini Miledy was dancing bouncily. It seemed Miledy had predicted that after the battle Hajime and others would come here and peeped using past replay.



The Nico-chan mask winked in a very annoying way. Then she moved her index finger as though to say 「Naïve!」 while going ‘tsk tsk tsk’ also in a really annoying way. It was irritating.



――Do you want to watch the serious Miledy-san? You want to see it that much?



――Too baa~~d! Serious-san cannot win against Miledy-saan~~♪



――Hey hey, right now, what do you feel? Even though you’re being solemn thinking of Miledy-san, the person herself smashed apart the atmosphere. What do you feel when that happened? Hey hey?



Miledy-san pre-final battle who was skipping around. As though to say ‘I’ll do the last annoyance of my life without regret yeah!’. Before everyone could make tsukkomi ‘Isn’t there anything else that you can leave behind huh……’, seventeen *snap* ominous sounds resounded. Those were the sounds of blood vein snapping out on everyone’s forehead.



――But it can’t be helped that you’re thinking about Miledy-chan! Whatever you say! Miledy-chan is a transcendent genius beautiful magician who easily surpass the world’s standard after all! Ahaha-



The gentle atmosphere……was already gone. Everyone’s eyes were really cold.



――Such Miledy-chan who is the very picture of woman gifted in both intelligence and beauty, has prepared a present for your sake! Here! Try pouring magic power here!



Mini Miledy pointed energetically with the fingers of both her hands toward right below the wall that had just been repaired before this. The movement that was excessively smooth and snappy looked truly irritating.



Hajime wordlessly walked forward and tried pouring magic power.



The wall flashed bright. And then it was projected.



The sight of Hajime and others getting flushed like excrement.



――Pugyaaah!! THE BESTTTTTTT-!! Look look, that expression! I want to leave it behind for future generation! Does this show my thanks for the explosion!? Fu hya hya hya hyah



*Snap snap snap-*, large number of blood vessel formed up on the forehead of Hajime, Yue, and Shia. Bext magic power burst up. Bursting bullets, storms and space crushing attacks attacked the wall.



Most likely she was recording the video using the camera function that the golem was equipped with. Miledy then buried the camera part into the wall at the same time when she repaired it. She must had set it up so that it projected the image when magic power passed through it……



Her action looked like it was done with the resolve of her knowing that she wouldn’t use that function anymore, and yet the content of that action was just too pointless. They had no more words for that.



The wall was blown away along with a thunderous sound. The solemn atmosphere was also completely blown away along with it.



But, at that instant,



「What, water……MILEDYYYY」



It was unexpectedly a raging stream once more. It wasn’t just illusion. A genuine raging stream was flowing in without stopping from the room of magic circle. The destruction of the wall seemed to be set up to also become the trigger to activate the flush toilet styled shortcut.



「Wai-, Hajime-kun! What now!?」



「Please calm down, Tomoichi-san. Right now something like water stream isn’t a big deal for us, we also can escape using gate.」



Miledy’s trick was rubbing them the wrong way just like usual, but it wouldn’t work against the current Hajime and co. They could destroy the mechanism that produced the water, or they could also freeze all the water itself, even escaping using gate was possible.



In fact, Kaori and Tio were already protecting everyone using spherically shaped barrier. The water level instantly rose until their knee but, they weren’t being washed away by the raging stream.



「Good grief, just what didst Miledy hath in her mind. If she filled even this room with water, then her books and her photos wouldst become wasted.」



「Perhaps they are being protected by age of god magic?」



The exasperated Tio was replied to by Shizuku who was smiling wryly. All of the books seemed like they had magic that prevented degradation over time applied on them, but it was unknown whether they would be safe even when they were submerged in water.



For now, Hajime took out the crystal key to make the water flow outside using gate. While he was doing so, the answer toward that question was taught by a voice that completely changed into a gentle voice.



――The problem is that



――In the end, I couldn’t hold out to the last



Everyone’s gaze was turned toward the mini Miledy. When they noticed, the figure of girl shaped Miledy appeared over the golem body. Those azure eyes reflected the books and photos. The love and pain that were showing from that expression made them held their breath.



――I thought for a tiny bit, that I want the treasures here to become something that belong only to me for eternity but……I couldn’t dispose of them with my own hand



The matter that they wanted to be conveyed to the later generation had been recorded by Oscar and others. What were here were only Miledy’s very personal recollections. The things that she used to console her heart through the endless time.



That was why, she wanted to monopolize these memories, but she was unable to dispose them with her own hand.



That was why,



――Hajime-kun, Yue-chan, Shia-chan. I’ll leave it to you three about what to do with the things here.



Surely they would come here. The first conquerors of Raisen Great Labyrinth, Hajime and others who lived in the future. Miledy left to them about what to do with the past. She also understood that if it was Hajime and others right now they would be able to deal with the trap she left behind.



Most likely, if they escaped without doing anything, then the books and photos would be washed away to somewhere that wasn’t the spring near Brook and wouldn’t be seen again by anyone’s eyes for eternity. With that none of it wouldn’t be left in this world anymore except the fragment of memories that was known by Hajime and co. The rest would all stay inside Miledy’s heart only.



――I won’t mind no matter what choice you make. Because that choice without a doubt will also be the best choice



The figure of Miledy closing her eyes and joining her hands on her chest while closing her eyes, was annoyingly beautiful. To a degree that not a single one of everyone here could take their eyes off her.



――Let me say this as the last



Behind the opened eyelids, there was a clear azure radiance. If the current Miledy had her photo taken and it was explained to the world that it was the photo of none other than the leader of the liberator, the protector of the world, then without a doubt people would call her as a saint.



――I pray that your future, will be under your own free will, forever and ever.



Like that, the girl shaped Miledy vanished. What remained after that was only the unspeaking golem.



The gazes of Yue and others were poured at Hajime who was holding the crystal key. They asked with their gaze what to do. Apparently they were entrusting the decision to Hajime.



Hajime’s gaze looked around, at Yue and others, and then to to Shuu and others. He compared with his gaze the crystal key in his hand and the photos, and at the end, he stared at the unmoving Mini Miledy in the past that looked like it stopped functioning.



And then,



「Raisen Great Labyrinth tour, is it okay to end it here?」



He said that with a wry smile.



He was suggesting for them to leave this place like this. To leave Miledy’s memories as Miledy’s own.



To that choice, everyone smiled gently and nodded.



He opened a gate inside the barrier. The other side was the spring located at the outskirt of Brook. The gate was connected to that area’s footpath.



Everyone passed through the gate and stepped on the grass while at the end they turned their gaze toward Miledy, one more time.



.



.



.



In that instant.



.



.



.



――Ah, that’s right! No matter what your choice is, the device to erase the sentence that reveal the rabbit-chan’s peeing is the only thing that I’ll wash away no matter what!



Girl Miledy who abruptly reappeared once more said such thing while her finger pointed with a snap.



While Shia was raising her voice 「Eh!?」, when they looked at the direction Miledy pointed at, a part of the wall made clacking sound and opened. An ore engraved with letters tumbled out from there.



It seemed the letters on the walls of Raisen Great Labyrinth were linked to that artifact. The letters engraved into that ore would be projected in the labyrinth. Most likely there were also a lot of other hidden shelves that contained many ores.



In other words, if the ore that became the core of the annoying sentence got washed away……



「Wai-, you-――」



――Soon I’ll become unable to endure the loneliness of continuing to talk to an empty room, so Miledy-chan is going to rest! Then bye by~~e-!



While Shia’s tone was breaking and her hand was reaching out, Miledy put one hand on her waist, placed a horizontal peace over her winking eye, and lifted up a foot, taking a pose that made it as though sparkling stars would scatter around her before vanishing for real this time.



At the same time, the artifact ore was swallowed by the raging stream and flowed into the hole on the floor that was opened unnoticed.



Shia who was watching that scene from across the barrier and gate froze for a breath, then



「MILEDYYYYYYYYYYYY-!!」



She went crazy once more. Kaori and Shizuku said 「Waaaah, Shia calm doowwnn!」 while pinioning her from behind with the two of them.



They got the feeling that for some reason, Miledy was messing up with Shia in particular. Perhaps she had emotional attachment to Shia, or perhaps to rabbitman race itself……



Hajime thought such thing while quietly closing the gate. Setting that aside Hajime muttered.



「In the end, Miledy was Miledy huh.」



It went without saying that everyone fiercely agreed.



Like this, the afternoon part of Tortus travel’s first day――Raisen Great Labyrinth tour ended with the feeling like they got toyed around from the beginning to end by Miledy who should be deceased already.



.



AN: Thank you very much for reading this every time.



Thank you very much too for the thoughts, opinions, and reports about misspelling and omitted words.



On top of making everyone wait, the chapter this time is also done with a quick pace. My apologies. I ask everyone to wait for a while for the weekly update.



The chapter this time is containing the spin-off Zero that isn’t published in the WN version, so I was lost whether to write it or not but, this is a travel journal that trace the past, so as expected there is no way it doesn’t get touched here. Thinking that I wrote this chapter.



I’m sorry to those who don’t get it because they don’t know about the content of Zero! It’ll help if you can tolerate it.



It seems that I’ll make everyone wait again for the next update too, but I’ll try as much as I can to update within one month. My best regards.



※There is update in Gardo a little while ago. (Update in 25 April)



Main story comic chapter 32



Finally Tio’s 「AAA――」 was (lol)



Nichijou chapter 36



The first appearance of the princess of elf tribe Altina-san! Shia’s unwelcoming treatment is spot on.



Zero chapter 13



The god’s apostle that Kouchi-sensei draw is terrific! The dangerous atmosphere is conveyed!



They are published free of charge in Overlap-sama’s homepage, so please take a look at them!





Chapter 355




Arifureta Chapter 355



Arifureta After III Tortus Travel Journal ⑭



.



*Splash-, splash-!!* There was a fish that splashed fiercely. No, it was a middle-aged man. No, no. It was a fish with the face of middle-aged man. In other words, it was the human faced fish monster――Lee-san or better known as Leeman.



At the spring located in the outskirts of Brook. On the grass a slight distance away from the spring’s side, he muttered 『Heh, damn it all. I too have become decrepit huh』 with a small voice while hopping on the ground with a nihilistic smile.



He hopped and hopped in order to return to the spring. But, there wasn’t any sign of him getting nearer. The distance until the spring was infinitely far…



「Hajime. I can’t believe that in this world there is a real Se○man……」



「When you see it at reality……it’s quite an impactful sight.」



Shuu and Sumire let out a trembling voice. Tomoichi and others, and then even Shizuku and Aiko who met the fish with middle-aged man face for the first time were also getting creeped out they took a step back.



As expected Lee-san wasn’t kind to the mind of most people who met him for the first time. Because it was extremely surreal. His existence was.



After the tour of Raisen Great Labyrinth was over and they pacified Shia who was going into frenzy due to Miledy’s prank, they decided to teleport away for the time being. The location was where Hajime and co were thrown out in the past after going through the flush toilet shortcut.



The intention was just to tell the others that this was the place where they were tossed out before moving on to the next location, but there Hajime suddenly remembered.



Come to think of it, at that time Lee-san was also thrown out together with them……he thought. And then recalling further, after that he was captured by a passerby and got sold into Fuhren’s aquarium as a rare monster.



Hajime explained such while staring at Lee-san who was hopping around. Then Shia who they somehow made to recover into sanity abruptly spread out her rabbit ears and said to Hajime.



「Tha, that’s right-, Hajime-san! This isn’t the time to stare at Lee-san splashing around! Even now at this moment, there is my first kiss in the side of that spring!」



「Shia, can you tell me more about that I wonder? I wonder?」



「Eh? Right after you conquered the dungeon? Hajime, you assaulted Shia?」



「Ee!? Hajime-kun, at this kind of place!? Even though Yue-san is also here!?」



Kaori’s neck twisted around and she drew near to Shia. Shizuku and Aiko sent Hajime a shocked gaze, while Tomoichi said 「This animal-」 and released murderous eyeglint. Kaoruko and others were also making face that said 「Oh my」.



「When I took step to save Shia’s life that was in danger of drowning because she got shocked by Lee-san, the instant she recovered she clung and kissed me with body strengthening max.」



Hajime’s half-closed eye insisted wordlessly, 「Which one of us is the animal?」. Or perhaps it was saying 「It’s this girl who is the animalistic rabbit」.



「My-, really Shia-chan, you’re completely a carnivore rabbit!」



「Kaa-sama! You’re wrong desuu! Hajime-san and Yue-san recognized me after my first clearing of great dungeon! They also called my name properly! There was just this, various kind of feeling surging out! The rabbit of the forest isn’t a beast![



‘Rather I’m a lady!’ She made an appeal of her chastity after this late but, everyone’s gaze was lukewarm. The exposure of her clothing since moving to earth was also somewhat high……, and no matter what she said she would immediately cling to Hajime to the same degree like Yue……. The forest rabbit=beast theory was gradually becoming the accepted opinion.



……Unfortunately, the forest rabbits nesting in the sea of tree at present were also a group of beasts in a different meaning, so it wasn’t like the theory was that mistaken.



And so, with the mentality of 「It isn’t scary if it’s done with everyone!」, she sought to take down someone along with her.



「Even Kaori-san also has criminal record of clinging and kissing Hajime-san desu!」



「Shia!?」



Kaori was startled. Kaori papa bared open his eyes into a glare. Kaori mama was going ‘my my’ in excitement.



「When she was possessed by the ghost in the undersea ruin, she clung and kissed Hajime-san right after she recovered! Isn’t that right!」



「Tha, that’s……I……」



The end of her sentence lost strength limply like the tail of a dog that got found out doing mischief. Kaori looked at Hajime seeking help, but Hajime sighed ‘fuh’ and averted his gaze,



「She did that huh. In addition, she pretended to be unable to walk and clung on my back like a haunting ghost……」



「Isn’t it terrible calling me a ghost!?」



「So you aren’t denying about the kiss.」



An accurate tsukkomi from Shizuku. Kaori’s face was rapidly reddening. Tomoichi’s face was reddening into a deep red rather than just normal red, while the others were sending lukewarm gaze that seemed to say 「Kaori-chan too, her atmosphere is like a healing saint but she is actually an animal……she is an animal saint!」. Kaori spoke in denial toward that.



「Tha, that’s wrong! It was only feelings like inferiority complex or impatience, various emotions bursting out! Even I am a lady I’m telling you! I’m not an animal, really!」



Even her desperate justification alongside Shia was blown away lightly by her usual conduct.



「……Fuh. From here on the two of you can introduce yourself as “clinging lady” together.」



「I don’t want to be told that by Yue-san desu.」



「I don’t want to be told that by Yue.」



A serious faced tsukkomi exploded from Shia and Kaori toward the kissy freely lady Yue.



「As for me, I’m more in the side of getting someone clinging on me rather than clinging on someone.」



Tio spoke with a lonely look from being unable to join the talk, but for the time being she was ignored.



The gazes of the parents were looking uneasy for some reason so Hajime attempted to change the topic. He stared at Lee-san who was splashing around while speaking out something that he suddenly noticed.



「Come to think of it Myuu. You don’t look really surprised even when looking at Lee-san huh?」



She was from the sea people race, so perhaps she was used to sea monster as expected, Hajime thought. But at the same time he was taken aback. Beside Myuu, with a de~ep smile and unblinking eyes Remia was staring――glaring? at Lee-san. It seemed that Myuu was creeped by that slightly scary smile of her Mama and stayed quiet.



「Wha, what’s wrong Remia?」



「? There is nothing wrong you know? Ufufu. But, I’m just thinking that this person is the “Lee-san” who taught my daughter unnecessary thing is it? That’s all. Ufufu, really, I wonder what I should do to him.」



「Seriously what’s wrong!?」



Remia who was always going “my my ufufu” like a gentle big sister was rarely smiling in anger like this. The air was stinging as though spice was scattered around.



Myuu was slowly stepping away from Remia who was chuckling ‘ufufu’. She then awkwardly said.



「You know, papa. Myuu, once talked with Lee-san when Myuu was waiting for papa and everyone to pick up Myuu nano.」



「Seriously……wait, Lee-san is also in the western sea, so I guess it’s not strange that you encounter him by chance.」



It seemed after Hajime and co cleared Melusine Undersea Ruin, temporarily parted from Myuu, and Myuu encountered Lee-san by chance.



「And then, when Lee-san realized that Myuu is papa’s daughter, he told Myuu that he would lend Myuu his strength anytime nano.」



「That person……no, fish? ……Or monster? Well anyway, Lee-san is a nice and caring uncle after all.」



「But, he got tied up with rope by his wife and made to look after his children nano.」



「……」



「Myuu forgot before this but he also has message for papa. ――”Choose a wife that is older than you in the end. But, don’t let woman’s authority to rule over you. Never let yourself become whipped” nano.」



Hajime got it now. It seemed that Lee-san was a husband who was whipped by an authoritarian wife.



「I get the gist. Myuu, you didn’t understand the words’ meaning and asked Remia didn’t you?」



「Myuu asked mama nano.」



Myuu also asked an abnormal question after that, ‘did mama tie up rope around papa’s neck and made him played with Myuu nano?’. It was because she saw Lee-san’s wife tying up Lee-san with seaweed and dragged him away while angrily yelling 「Play with your children!」.



Remia mama who was making various misunderstanding due to Myuu’s questions inevitably got angry with the ruffian who taught her little daughter about an abnormal marriage relationship.



「You should, properly clear the misunderstanding……」



「Papa, Myuu properly cleared the misunderstanding.」



Then, why did Remia still angry? While such questioning gaze gathered on her, Myuu frowned and glanced at the splashing Lee-san.



「According to mama, “to leave his family alone and pretend like a wanderer……. In addition to ask a child to give a message to not get whipped by his wife……just what does he think his wife and children are I wonder? Mama finds it a bit hard to forgive that kind of person”. That’s what mama said.」



「I, I see……」



For some reason, the gazes of the papa~s including Hajime turned to the faraway. They all gazed at the sun that was going down toward the western sky.



A type of people who focused on their hobby and unconsciously forgot themselves……such point might be the common point between the men here.



The gaze of Yue, Sumire, and all the other wives were feeling strangely painful for some reason.



「We’re going to go back to your hometown too in the trip this time……it’ll be nice if we can meet with Lee-san there. Right? Myuu?」



「Ye, yes nano.」



*Whoosh* A wind that strangely felt like it was desiccated was blowing through. Even though they were at the side of a spring. The throat of the men there felt strangely dry……that was what they felt.



Kaori said 「Aa~ I think it might be impossible with my magic power to continue further~」 with a tone that sounded forced while erasing the past projection of splashing Lee. Remia’s dee~p smile also returned to her former gentle smile. The men were relieved.



Sumire smiled wryly at the husbands’ state while turning her gaze toward Shia saying 「Even so」in order to change the topic too.



「Shia-chan」



「Ah, yes, what is it Kaa-sama?」



Sumire didn’t reply right away. She calmly approached Shia. And then, she began caressing Shia’s head with a gentle movement.



Shia was astonished. Sumire turned a smile that also looked kind toward such Shia.



「Let Kaa-sama say it to you too, okay? I missed the timing, so let me say it right now. ……You have worked really hard. You have done well. Thank you for accompanying Hajime and Yue-chan without giving up.」



「Aa……」



Various shocking images kept coming in Raisen Great Labyrinth tour so it got ignored, but in a sense, there was no doubt that this great labyrinth’s clearing was a turning point for Shia, and also for Hajime and Yue.



If Shia’s heart yielded at the middle, if there was a time she ran away……



There was no doubt that Hajime and Yue wouldn’t recognize Shia as a companion.



They recalled the past Shia they saw at the bottom of Raisen Grand Canyon who could do nothing but run away when encountering Hajime and Yue by chance.



They still hadn’t seen other scene like Shia’s training in the sea of trees, but when they recalled the vivid scene of Shia dealing the finishing blow to Miledy golem, they could easily imagine just how much courage Shia continued to muster.



She did her best for the sake of the future she wished for.



She was truly making good of her words. She splendidly surmounted a next to impossible feat that was truly easy to say but hard to carry out.



As the result, she added her color to the world of Hajime and Yue that was only filled with the two of them. A brilliant color even.



「Err, that, I……」



Shia got bright red. Her rabbit ears and rabbit tail were restlessly wriggling around searching for words to say. There Shuu also approached her and patted her head lightly.



「Based from what I saw in the abyss, if Shia-chan wasn’t with them, Hajime and Yue-chan might really mow down everything, discard everything, and complete a world that is literally just the two of them. Hajime and Yue were able to form bond with the people they encountered at the future from there……was surely thanks to Shia-chan.」



The moon that nestled close to the abyss’s monster.



With just that, surely the world of Hajime and Yue’s heart would spread only as a silent night with only the two of them inside it forever, no doubt about it. It would be a slightly lonely world that couldn’t accept other people and formed with only the two of them.



The sunlight that shined into there was Shia.



That was why, the world of Hajime and Shia changed color, and then it obtained a space for nurture. To nurture bond with people.



「Tha, that’s, exaggerating desu. I just wanted, to return the favor, to go together with the people with the same constitution like me who I finally met, that was all……also, I just fell in love with Hajime-san so……」



Shia hid her eyes with her rabbit ears that turned floppy from the praise and gratitude of her mother-in-law and father-in-law. It was only her rabbit tail that kept wagging around.



Seeing Shia like that, Hajime and Yue looked at each other, and a beat later, their expression turned affectionate toward Shia.



「There ain’t any need to be humble. In fact, I think the present time won’t exist if we didn’t meet you. Surely, even Aiko’s words “I don’t want you to live in a lonely way” wouldn’t leave any strong impression in me and I’d just ignore it.」



「……Nn. Because Shia did your best I was also able to soften my heart. Without that, I might do nothing but agreeing with everything that Hajime think.」



「U, u. I, is that so? ……Fuheh」



It seemed that she finally became unable to hold back her happiness. The 「fuheh」 of happiness came out from Shia. Her mouth broke into a really wide grin while mumbling incomprehensibly.



Kaori opened her mouth with a warm smile.



「Come to think of it, Tio said it at the great labyrinth of the sea of trees wasn’t it? According to what Tio said, both Hajime-kun and Kouki-kun are lacking for the title of “hero”. The true hero is none other than Shia she said.」



「That art a nostalgic story. However, umu. I certainly said that. And then, I wouldst not say anything different even now.」



「Hajime at the beginning was really scathing to everything other Yue wasn’t it? If it was me I think my heart would give up right away. Certainly, she is a hero.」



「So what I said in Ur……could reach Hajime-kun was thanks to Shia. Considering that, then I think it was really great that their first meeting was with Shia.」



Tio and others said those, and then Hajime added further.



「Come to think of it, Myuu. When you escaped from the underground organization at Fuhren, it was me who first noticed your presence in the underground sewer, but it was Shia who rushed toward you first you know?」



‘Is that so!’ Myuu said with her eyes turning round. A beat later she smiled happily.



「Shia-oneechan at that time was really kind. Myuu felt really relieved nano. Shia-oneechan, thank you nano!」



「Shia-san. Let me say it once more, thank you for saving Myuu. I think that surely it was because you were there that Hajime-san too became that close to Myuu so earnestly.」



During the journey, there were a lot of things that Hajime came to form.



That was surely because the monster of abyss was recovering the heart of the former Hajime bit by bit. Because he was recovering his heart while growing.



Before his heart was completely reduced into a monster, if Yue was the one that tied that heart to a “human”, then it was undoubtedly Shia that reminded that heart of its “humanity”.



Those two were exactly the moon and the sun that were irreplaceable for “Hajime’s world”.



「Err, e~rr……yo, you are welcome, desu?」



She couldn’t find any word. Shia became bashful and shy. The air that became awkward because of splashing Lee-san became warm as though it received the spring sunlight.



.



.



.



After that, Hajime and co headed to the city of Brook in order to have slightly early dinner as well as for sightseeing.



It was a period of time when the sun was starting to burn in orange color.



Following the request of the parents who wanted to enjoy the beautiful scenery and atmosphere of another world, they didn’t teleport this time but traveled using the magic power fueled car in its open car mode. They advanced leisurely in low speed that was about the same speed of a horse galloping.



By the way Brieze couldn’t carry everyone, so a new car was created for this trip. It was a medium bus that could transport a maximum of twenty people easily. The design was made to look similar with armored car which was a part of its charm.



Also, the distribution of seat was Hajime, Yue, Remia, and Myuu at the first row. The second row was filled with Shuu, Sumire, Shia, Tio. The third row was for Shirazaki family, the fourth row for Yaegashi family, and the fifth row for Hatayama family.



「Hey, Hajime-kun. There is this suspicious red button and a dangerous looking stick beside my seat here though……」



They were bathing on the refreshing evening wind, however, for some reason, everyone had the same complicated expression like Shuuzou who asked that question. And then, their gazes were also directed to some spots inside the car.



Didn’t they want to enjoy the scenery……



Hajime felt puzzled while driving and answering the question at the same time.



「Of course, that’s the activation button and the trigger for the gatling gun.」



「I don’t know what do you mean by “of course” though?」



「? It’s because this is a car?」



「I don’t understand it even more……」



Why didn’t he get it……Hajime tilted his head with uncomprehending expression instead. Yue and others seemed to guess the answer somehow and got a faraway look. At the same time Koichi and Kirino also asked.



「Hajime-kun. Why is this vehicle’s appearance like an armored car?」



「I think that the seats are obviously fewer compared to the size of the vehicle though……why is that?」



Very well. Then it shall be explained. Fufuh.



「Of course, it’s because a lot of weapons are installed inside the vehicle.」



「A lot of weapons」



「Are installed inside the vehicle」



The outer appearance of armored car already didn’t look like a vehicle to be used to leisurely travel on the road of another world. Rather it looked like a vehicle for going to war wasn’t it……that was the thought of Kaoruko and Akiko who were trembling while repeating Hajime’s answer haltingly. Their expression were like someone who was doing rodeo on top of a bomb.



「Yes, to explain it simply, both sides have twenty gatling gun and a total of 120 missiles each. The front side and backside can deploy 55 caliber 120 mm electromagnetically accelerated tank cannon “Excalibur”, and the bottom of the vehicle can release a maximum of 300 of all sorts of self-propelled explosive “Run○”.」(TN: I don’t know what is the reference for this)



‘There is also a lot of other weapons!’ Hajime continued to explain at length. For the time being, everyone kept silent. Remia covered Myuu’s ears with both hands.



「And so」



This travel micro bus could act as one man army even against the army of earth so,



「The safety is perfect. Please rest assured.」



「Hajime-kun. Just where in the world you want to go too with such loadout?」



Tomoichi’s gaze that looked like he was looking at a pitiful person stabbed Hajime. To Brook town……it was obvious that he didn’t want to hear that answer.



「O, Otou-san. You’re wrong. Hajime-kun you see, he is still, you know……he is in the middle of rehabilitation!」



Kaori’s words stabbed Hajime. Hajime’s common sense was still in the verge of death. That opinion of Kaori apparently made everyone convinced unanimously. Everyone went 「I see……」 while nodding quietly. Perhaps because they had just watched the bloody experience of Hajime in Orcus Great Labyrinth, they made a kind expression that seemed to say 「Well, it can’t be helped」.



It was really unexpected. For Hajime that was.



Just in case, the roof could also be deployed instantly, and the armor itself was made from azantium. Naturally the defensive power was raised from the base using “Vajra”, and there was also space isolation magic that covered the whole bus, so certainly its safety was high.



「I, it also has airbag installed, you know?」



Hajime tried to explain that in addition there was also the equipment of normal car but there was no reply. Even when he sent glances at the back mirror, there was only lukewarm gazes reflected there. 「Rehabilitation to recover common sense……do your best」 The kindness of the parents that said that permeated into Hajime’s heart. Just like splashing antiseptic to an open wound.



「……Nn. Hajime, do your best?」



「What’s that cheering for?」



The kind gaze from his beloved who sat beside him felt painful right now.



Then with a voice that was small but audible until the back seat, Hajime said 「A vehicle without weapon is like a person not wearing clothes. Everyone don’t get it…..」 sullenly while starting to look only at the front.



It seemed he was sulking.



With an expression of looking at someone troubling, Yue poked lightly at Hajime’s cheek several times. Remia and Yue also poked at papa’s cheek from across Yue. For some reason Shia and Tio also poked from the seat behind.



Kaori wouldn’t be able to reach from her seat’s position, however she wanted to join and poked at the sulky Hajime with a different method.



「Do, don’t poke using your silver feather-」



「I’m sorry. I didn’t think.」



The chance of Kaori mistaking her control of disintegration ability wasn’t non-existent, so sending silver feather remotely to poke at his cheek was too scary.



Shizuku was staring at Hajime looking like she also wanted to poke. Of course she couldn’t reach so she did her best reaching out using her black katana――Brieze II hit a rock and shook. Because of that, Shizuku who was in an unstable posture of leaning forward was,



「Kyah」



Such adorable scream resounded. And then,



「Guah!?」



*GON* Such raw sound could be heard. At the same time Hajime’s scream also leaked out. It seemed Shizuku thrust her black katana strongly with the momentum of her falling. It was really fortunate that the katana was sheathed. If it was unsheathed, around this time there would be a tunnel from the back of Hajime’s head until his forehead opened through.



「Shiizuukuuu」



「I, I’m sorry」



Hajime’s twitching expression and glare reached through the back mirror. Shizuku averted her gaze in panic.



「Me, me too!」



「Aiko! You don’t need to! That wriggling ivy! Put it away now!」



Why did the girls wanted to poke at Hajime? Was something inside the girls driving them on?



「Fufu, Kaori and everyone else are really getting along.」



「Geez Shizuku, you’ll immediately turn like a child when you’re in front of Hajime-kun.」



「Everyone really loves Hajime-kun huh~. Isn’t that right, Aiko?」



Kaoruko, Kirino, and Akiko watched the interaction of their daughters and made a really bittersweet expression. In contrast, the male parents were making really complicated expressions. It seemed there was also a bit of sympathy mixed in seeing Hajime’s cheek getting poked along with a bit of the danger in the middle too.



While that was going on, something was coming into view from far away.



「Oh, Hajime. Is that it?」



Shuu leaned forward and pointed to the front. Ahead, something like a tall rampart was coming into view bit by bit. There was one long object stretching straight toward the sky which must be the watchtower.



Within the scenery that looked burning due to the evening sun at the background, the rampart looked like a swaying shadow. It convinced them that indeed, this was truly a fantasy sight. Not just Shuu, the other parents were also raising from their seat with sparkling eyes.



But, Hajime who was being asked tilted his head and refrained from replying.



「It should be so but……it’s strange that we can see it from this distance. Was the town that big?」



「……N~n. That watchtower, it might be 30 meters tall. It’s three times taller than before.」



It seemed the town’s scale was different from their memory.



Shia abruptly stood up and imitated a round glasses with both hands that she placed on her eye. She also hummed ‘muun’ at the same time. Her azure eyes were tinged with light. It was Shia-style super strengthening limited to sight. If she did it to the maximum limit she would be able to read the letters of a newspaper from two kilometers away. It was a bugged technique although it sounded plain.



With that bugged sight, Shia checked the Brook Town. A moment later.



「Uwaa……」



She let out an appalled voice while sporting a wry smile.



「What’s wrong Shia?」



「Err you see. Anyway, the height of the outer wall is now twice than before. Now it’s made from stone when it was made from wood before but……there is no doubt that it’s the Brook Town. Also, well, you will understand when we go there.」



「? Well, I guess. Rather, what happened that they increased the defense like that?」



「……Nn~. After the decisive battle, a lot of monsters escaped from the holy precincts. Perhaps they’re on guard against that?」



「I don’t think that’s it though.」



Shia’s wry smile deepened. Shuu and others kept asking question in curiosity. Hajime sent them a glance before increasing the speed.



Like that they arrived before the gate of Brook Town.



「……」



Hajime was speechless. He was also expressionless.



Behind Hajime, everyone was making expression of surprise or admiration or amusement.



The reason was,



――The town of beginning Welcome to the holy land Brook!



――The journey of his majesty the demon king began from here!!



Such sentences were written on stupidly huge boards. In addition,



――New creation demon king amulet on sale! The grace of the demon king will bring you success!



――Currently accepting applicant for pilgrimage tour! You can also experience the demon king’s footsteps vicariously!



――The twelfth demon king army cosplay convention is open!!



――Applicant recruitment for the fifth demon king quiz! Can you win against the quiz queen, Soona Masaka!?



Because countless stupidly huge banners were hanged down.



「De, demon king-sama!? Why are you here demon king-sama!?」



When Hajime’s eyes were starting to twitch, a voice suddenly called out to him. When he looked there, a man dressed like an adventurer was looking over here in astonishment. Most likely he was the gate guard. There were also several people behind him. They were also astonished and stunned.



For now, the demon king-sama tried asking.



「Oi, what’s with those things?」



「Eh? E, even if I’m asked that, this ain’t the time to stare absentmindedly-. Oi, you guys-! Hurry, contact the mayor and top brass! Our demon king-sama has descended here! Tell your family too! It will a dishonor for this holy land if we can’t even prepare a single welcoming-」



「「「Ye, YES SIRR」」」



*DODODODO-* The subordinates of the gate guards dashed away.



A beat later, across the wall,



――Demon king-sama’s party has descended! Descended-!!



――Lit the sacred flame! Raise your cheers! It’s demon king-sama in the flesh-



――Clear the path! Toss those drunkards over there into the barn!



――Someone go contact Masaka Inn!



――Where is Chrystabel-dono!? Does anyone know!?



――We can’t stay like this! Let’s show our pride! As the people of the holy land!



――Get to the front gate in thirty seconds!



――Okaa-saaaan, where are youuu-



――If it’s your mother then she already dashed to the gate! She’s a severe demon king-sama fan after all!



Such cheers that sounded like angry yells or shocked voices were raised up. The fire cauldrons that looked like Olympic Cauldron placed in fixed interval at the top of the outer wall were lit in succession. Seen from afar it looked similar with candles lined up on birthday cake.



And, a moment later after that, the sound of bell *clang-clang-clang* was resounding from the summit of the watchtower. In addition *BUOOOOOOOOO-BUOOOOOOOO-* there was even the sound of blowing a trumpet shell.



「The atmosphere feels like they’re going to war after this.」



「Myuu, know this nano! In fantasy movie, the knights fighting the army of evil will do the same thing in their fortress nano!」



The twitching of Hajime’s eyes became intense. Certainly, this reaction was the most correct one in a state when the demon king army was approaching a city. That was if the exploding emotion that was the opposite was excluded.



In the blink of eye, great noise that shook the ground and vibrated the air was spreading through Brook Town. Hajime and the wive~s were creeped out while Shuu and others were overwhelmed that they couldn’t say anything.



Then, the gate guard took a step forward. He fell on one knee with adroit movement that looked as though he had done simulation of it for several thousand times, bowed his head, and spoke out.



「Your majesty. This Porter Helly is extremely delighted to receive the honor of being in your audience for the second time.」



「The second time?」



「Yes-. It’s only natural that your majesty can’t remember. I too only finally remembered at the legendary decisive battle that your majesty were “the young man who met a rare disaster of having a broken status plate” who I previously interacted with. When I realized that status was actually true, embarrassingly my waist lost strength and I was unable to stand.」



「……Ah, the guy at that time huh.」



The gate guard kneeling before them with a name that was similar with a certain wizard was apparently the gate guard that dealt with Hajime and co when they visited Brook Town for the first time.



「Yes-. Thanks to that I was able to become the most famous gate guard in the world! I also received interview from reporters and historians many times, and most likely my name would also get recorded in the history book! Right now the occupation of gate guard became amazingly popular as the job where you might be able to become the first one to encounter a great person! I become popular among girls as though my past is just a lie and my salary also bloated up! Thanks to your majesty the meal today is also delicious! I’ll follow your majesty for my whole life!」



「Don’t follow me.」



The smile of the gate guard was truly dazzling. His guts to openly puffed up his chest saying 「I want to get a slice of demon king-sama’s pie!」 might be suited for a gate guard in a sense.



Even while they were conversing like that, the tumult inside the town was getting bigger the swirling presence at the other side of the gate was enlarging with accelerating speed. The residences of Brook Town seemed to be really well trained.



Let’s put it bluntly.



It was a bit scary.



Hajime looked back across his shoulder with a twitching expression. His eyes expressed his feeling more eloquently than anything, 「As I thought, let’s skip going to Brook」.



Shuu and Sumire were looking disappointed saying 「Ee~, even though we’re looking forward to it already~」, but Tomoichi and others seemed to agree due to their mentality of an ordinary person who was going to get dragged into a riot.



But, before they could turn around――



「DEMON KING-SAMAA~~~~, LONG TIME NO SEEE――――――!!」



An energetic voice. ……From above the outer wall.



A girl was waving her hand in a big way. Right after that, like the eagle div○ of a certain assassin cree○, the girl spread both her hands widely and dived from twenty meter high without hesitation.



Shuu and others didn’t even have time to say 「Ah」. Even though the girl was wearing an adorable maid uniform, she rotated midair with a sharp movement. Just before she crashed on the ground, she landed on the wall due to the rope her hand was holding and with light footsteps she rappelled down.



At the end she kicked on the wall and twirled in the air as though she was dancing before splendidly landing on the ground. To tell the truth, this girl was the poster girl of a normal inn――Soona Masaka-chan.



But, at the next instant, there was a thunderous sound *ZUDON* next as though there was a quake.



Looking there, a lump of flesh was flying in the sky. Like a human cannon that was fired using catapult. The thunderous sound was perhaps the sound of stepping when that lump of meat jumped over the outer wall……



「HAJIME-KYUU~~N♡ YUE-CHAN, SHIA-CHAA~N!! I’M SO HAPPY WE CAN MEET AGAIIINN!!」



Throaty voice, thick limbs, muscles of steel, face that was like in a cartoon strip. And then, frilly mini skirt. A monster with such attributes was falling from the sky.



*ZUDON* Another earthquake reverberated. With an awesome heroic landing of falling on one knee & one hand raised, accompanied with a pleasant smile (or rather it was a viscous smile objectively speaking), it needn’t be said who this person was. The monster of a common clothes shop, and the leader of all manly women――it was shop manager Chrystabel.



Furthermore, another group raised their voice *WAAAAAAA-!!* like the war cry of battlefield and crossed the outer wall not through the gate but over the top of the wall just as expected……



――Group of those who want to be stepped on by Yue-chan! Charge! Chargee! Obtain the honor of being the first one to give your greeting!



――Group of those who want to be Shia-chan’s slave! Don’t get left behind! GO GO GO GO GO-!!



Group of those who want to be sister with Yue-oneesama! We’ll become her step sister without fail this time! Follow me-!!



――Demon King Hajimee, today is the day he’ll take our balllll――――――



And then at the end, the gate was finally destroyed from inside and the residences flooded out with smiling face……



For some reason, there were countless extremely familiar figures……



Seeing those, Hajime spoke shortly.



「This is a haunting of demons huh.」



‘Really, you are right.’ Yue and everyone else thought in deep agreement while trembling if fear from getting surrounded in the blink of eye.



.



.



AN: Thank you very much for reading this every time.



Thank you very much too for the thoughts, opinions, and reports about misspelling and omitted words.



.



It got really late. I’m sorry (sweat)



At least, I’m able to update within “around” one month, I think?



Although, I’ll have to write a lot until around August, so I still can’t give a definite promise for regular update……



Please be merciful!



My best regards.



.



※Tio’s statement of “Shia is hero” was from the LN volume 8.



※The chance encounter of Myuu and Lee-san. From the homepage of Overlap-sama. From the afterword of afterword in the information page of every published LN volume. (The one you can read after filling the questionnaire. The volume in question is volume 7)





Chapter 356




Arifureta Chapter 356



Arifureta After III Tortus Travel Journal ⑮



.



That day , the demon king died.



Beside the dead demon king, the demon king’s wive~s also――died.



Especially their eyes.



And then,



「Ahah, ahahahahahahah. The, there are a lot of Hajime! The quality is hi~gh!」



「Oi, Hajime! Everyone is waiting for you! Raise your score quickly! Puhah!」



The parents of the demon king were roaring with laughter. They were rolling around holding their stomachs while laughing. Shirasaki family, Yaegashi family, and Hatayama family were making expression that was half troubled and half conflicted not knowing of what to say.



In front of them, they were lined up in a row.



White hair wig, eye patch, black coat, imitation prosthetic arm (most likely the inside was hollow so their arm could be inserted) and model guns in two hands held in striking pose. Young men (a part of them were old men) with those appearance――numbered forty in total.



And then, women dressed like Yue and others in the past numbered twenty people for each of them (there was a part that was exception).



They were staring at the “real deal” with sparkling eyes!



Yes, the holy land Brook right now was in the middle of a cosplay tournament. Naturally there were a lot of imitation demon king party there.



「This is……harsh……」



The demon king unbelievably whined. He looked like his soul was going to slip out from his mouth.



「……Hajime. Can I chant my lightning dragon?」



Yue and others were also red faced. The shock they felt seeing a lot of people dressed like them chuuni style wasn’t as big as Hajime, even so embarrassing things are embarrassing regardless.



「Do, don’t do that……」



「No way-, Hajime-san is being considerate!? Are you in your right mind!?」



「Hajime-kun! Here is soul magic!」



*Pika―* Hajime shined.



Shia and others who completely thought that they would need to stop Hajime from shooting like mad were slightly revived due to the shock that surpassed their shame. And then, they were worried for Hajime who was looking up to the sky with dead eyes to escape from reality which was really unlike him.



Hajime spoke to Shia and others who were like that with a hollow gaze.



「Violence to cosplayer, is forbidden.」



The rule of steel bound even the godslaying demon king. Perhaps. There was also enough possibility that he would become deranged from the excessive shame.



「E, err……why even I……」



「E, even Myuu is there nano……」



People with the appearance of little girl or lady wearing normal dress with white base tone, emerald green wig, and the unique ears of seaman people could also be seen here and there.



Myuu was still simply looking troubled of how to react, but Remia’s confusion and shame were already at an overflowing level. Mentally she was at the level of ordinary people, so her face looked like it was saying 「I want to go home right now!」.



Other than them,



「……Why? Why art I the only one with only three people?」



There were only three cosplayer-san of Tio. The three of them were going ‘haa haa’.



Indeed. It seemed the only people who wanted to cosplay as a pervert were only perverts. Apparently Tio’s popularity in the holy land Brook was low. It was really sad how there was no one who paid attention to the “dragon race”factor and cosplayed based on that.



Ignoring the pervert who was plainly shocked, Hajime whose mind was slightly stabilized by Kaori’s soul magic for the time being,



「We came to have meal. Let’s go.」



Took the policy decision of ignoring all these.



When he did that,



「「「「「「「「「「SIR YES SIRRRR」」」」」」」」」」



All the cosplayers and also all the citizens who were watching the event like people watching Hollywood star walking on red carpet saluted all at once and opened a path.



That sight was like when Moses split open the sea. Their expression was joyful expression that said 「We just received the imperial edict of demon king-sama!!」.



The residences of the holy land were actually well trained. And then, they were already beyond help.



「Demon king-sama! If you wish to have meal then please come to out place!」



「That was our plan originally but……」



Soona-chan energetically raised her hand and invited them to “Masaka Inn” but,



「I beg you, please stay the night! Please stay the night there! Our inn is fully booked due to the cosplay tournament but we will chase away all of them so there is no need to worry! Ple, please rest assured for the night too! The night too! The night toooo!」



「I can’t feel assured because you’re there.」



Sparkle sparkle, haa haa. Soona-chan’s eyes that were burning in passion were moving from Hajime to the wive~s in turn. The content of her wild imagination was clear. This time will be a debauched party isn’t it!! Hyahhooo~i!!



Hajime massaged his forehead. This was that Soona who executed a beautiful Eagle ○ive that continued to a rappelling smoothly. It was unknown how much skill in peeping she had learned since then.



Seeing the two’s interaction, Sumire guessed that they were quite acquainted with each other and said.



「Hey, Hajime. It looks like you’re close with that girl but, what kind of relationship you have with her?」



「We aren’t close. She is the daughter of the inn where we stayed when we first came to this city.」



「……As expected from another world. Even the daughter of an inn can do Eagle D○ve.」



「This girl is just strange. She damn risked her life for peeking at her guest. Her skill in rappelling is also for peeking into the room from outside the window, other than that she was also diving inside the bathroom for a long time. She is an extraordinary secret lecher.」



「Tha, that’s a horrible evaluation-, demon king-sama! I’m simply watching over the honored guest’s safety!」



Her persuasiveness was nonexistent. The eyes of the residences that were looking at Soona were all unblinking without exception after all. It was truly mysterious that guests never stopped coming to the inn even then.



「I beg you! Please come to our inn! Just a bit more, just a bit more and I’ll! I feel like I’ll be able to reach it!」



「Reach to where huh?」



Or perhaps it was “to what”. Hajime sent his most suspicious gaze of this year toward her.



「Yes yes-, anyway it’s useless talking about it in the street right? Let’s accept the welcome at Soona-chan’s place! That’ll be alright isn’t it? Mayor?」



「Ah, yes.」



Everyone thought, ‘You are here mayor……?’. Hajime pulled Shizuku to use her as shield toward Chrystable that was persistently drawing close to Hajime while turning his gaze to the city mayor for the first time.



How should he say it……the mayor’s appearance looked like he was going to die.



A body that was thin like wire and the dying hair roots. Dead eyes that had given up various things and the deep dark circles under his eyes that looked like they wouldn’t disappear until he died. Even though he would look like a dandy middle aged man at his forty if he dressed well, right now he only looked like an old man at his eighties. Furthermore, it was an ephemeral old man who looked like he was going to have a nice chat about his past with the death god on his bed before passing.



「Now, everyone! I understand how you’ll be curious about demon king-sama’s party but it’s no good if you make too much commotion pyon! Return to your work! You tournament participants should go back to the venue too! ――It’s fine like this isn’t it, mayor?」



「Ah, yes.」



「Please refrain from gathering in front of Masaka Inn okay~! Next time Masaka Inn will sponsor a debriefing meeting about the dinner of demon king-sama and his party so please be patient until thee~n! ――Is that alright with that, mayor?」



「Ah, yes.」



Other than them the civil officials of Brook, the staff of the church, the upper management of the guild, and then the people in charge of the event also came to the mayor but……



All of them didn’t “ask for instruction” but merely confirmed 「We’ll do this. It’s fine right?」 to the mayor. And then, the mayor-san would answer them 「Ah, yes」 with a transparent expression.



「Sa, say, mayor. Won’t it be better if you tell them sternly?」



Hajime spontaneously spoke out but, Yue and Sumire and everyone else also nodded intensely.



「Ah, yes.」



This was awful. Mayor-san, it seemed he was already at his limit.



Hajime felt sympathy for some reason and asked.



「Is there something that you want to do? It looks like we had caused a ruckus so I won’t mind to do a bit of favor――」



「I wish for Catherine to return.



The tone of the first words of the mayor that they heard other than 「Ah, yes」 was very strong. It was earnest.



「I wish for Catherine to be summoned here.」



Mayor-san repeated.



So it was like that. Brook was turned into the haunts of the wicked was because that great woman who acted as a break was gone. In understanding, Hajime felt slightly pressured by the mayor who looked like he was going to drop dead anytime while saying.



「We, we’re going back to the capital after our dinner so……I’ll tell her. That, it’ll be better if she returns, seriously.」



「Are you god?」



Mayor-san, he stared at Hajime as though he saw the sunlight at the other side of the cloudy sky. *Trickle* A single tear flowed down.



And then, he took Hajime’s hand and strongly, strongly shook it before he was back to saying 「Ah, yes」 mechanically to the words of his surrounding while vanishing inside the crowd.



「Geez-, isn’t he pathetic!」



Chrystabel-san harshly criticized the mayor. ‘What is this greatest cause of the damage to mayor’s mind is saying’, Hajime and others thought with their unblinking glare stabbing him.



But, his next words made Hajime and others to stiffen together.



「Catherine too, she won’t be able to go to her business trip peacefully if her husband is in that state!」



「Wa, wait a second. Who did you say is whose husband?」



「? Oh, you didn’t know? The mayor just now――Adam Walker is Catherine’s husband you know?」



The husband of that metamorphosis type devilish beautiful woman, was that old man faced mayor who looked like he was going to ascend to heaven……



「「「「「Wha, WHAA――――T!?」」」」」



A scream of surprise slipped out from Hajime and co.



「The mayor you see, in the past he repelled aside the tough warriors of the guild and snatched away Catherine in this town that is his hometown. He was a good man with mettle but now, it’s a shame~」



「Recently he is aging drastically. As expected he must be lonely that his beloved wife isn’t at his side.」



Everyone couldn’t even close their mouth hearing Chrystabel’s words. Hearing Soona’s comment, they made tsukkomi 「That ain’t it」 inside their heart.



Catherine who welcomed them to this city that was the haunts of the wicked as though it was just a normal city wasn’t an ordinary person as expected. At the same time, the instant that stopper was gone, the residences of Brook immediately went wild to this degree. They also weren’t ordinary people as expected.



「So Brook is the haunts of the wicked from the start huh.」



「……Hajime. Let’s have Catherine return with demon king authority?」



「Fuh, as expected, husband and wife has to be together isn’t it! Isn’t it!」



Hajime nodded to the words of Yue and Kaori. Then, the second shocking word bomb was casually dropped.



「Ah, by the way the only son of Catherine and the mayor, the boy called Jonathan you see……he was the boy who cosplayed as Hajime-kyun at the very front just now.」



「Mayorrr……」



The son was a trueborn son of Brook town. The demon king party couldn’t help but feel deeper sympathy to the mayor.



After that, Hajime and others somehow arrived at “Masaka Inn” through the sparkling gazes of the residences that were showering them.



On the wall of the inn,



――The first inn in the world where demon king-sama stayed! Welcome to Masaka Inn!



――The room where he nurtured love together with the first wife-sama, available for reservation with special price if you get it now!



――The utensils that were used by demon king-sama party is currently displayed at the first floor!!



――Demon king party’s cosplay goods, on sale with special price!



It was jammed packed with banners. In front of the inn, there were “demon king cracker” that had Hajime’s face as deformed character printed on it, “special tomato juice – made by Yue-sama’s supervision”, “special three colors dango made by hammer pounding that was directly taught from Shia-sama”, etc. Commodities that Hajime and others had no recollection about were lined up all over the place, but they did their best ignoring them and entered the dining hall.



――Masaka’s Kururu dish that demon king-sama greatly loves! The recommendation is teriyaki!



There was a horizontal banner in the dining hall. In addition, huge words of “Demon king-sama’s words” were drawn on the wall, and beneath it,



――I surely won’t forget the hospitality that I received from this inn for my whole life. When this rigorous journey is over, I want to come here again to eat Masaka’s Kururu dish



Such comment that he didn’t have the slightest memory of saying was written there.



「Aaa!?」



As expected Hajime couldn’t hold back and sent demon king style iron claw at Soona-chan.



「Oi, what’s that?」



「Wha, what could you be possibly talking abo――AH!?」



The prosthetic hand that looked like human hand at the outside but was actually made from azantium at the inside dug into Soona-chan’s head until the very limit. Soona-chan’s head was about to pop like balloon.



「I-I-I-I, I’m sorry! Should I say it was just a bit of sudden impulse! This inn became like a tourist attraction because it was an inn where demon king-sama stayed so, I took a bit of advantage――」



「A bit?」



「Catherine-san isn’t here, and it’s a chance for a thriving business so I did it without thinking at all I’m sorryyyyyyyyy-」



*Mekya mekya mekya-*, Soona’s head was making a sound that it shouldn’t make.



「Hajime-kyun! Forgive her! The merchants of Brook Town are all taking advantage of demon king popularity like mad, so it’s not just Soona-chan’s fault pyon!」



「That’s even worse! You guys, you went demon king this and that, but actually you all got no respect for me at all right!? You guys are fully intending to make use of me, or rather you guys already made use of me like mad!」



「The sales on the whole town rose explosively pyon! Thanks to that we also could build a worthy outer wall for a holy land!」



「So the fund for that is from there huh!」



「Next we’re going to build the bronze statue of Hajime-kyun and others and then the church worshipping the demon king pyon!」



「Stop-, stop only that! I don’t wanna to become like Aiko!」



「Hajime-kun!? Horrible!」



If something like bronze statue was created……’I’ll paint Brook town crimson-‘ Hajime yelled with an air that expressed his seriousness. As expected even Chrystabel thought that this was bad. He was unusually sweating coldly while saying 「I, I’ll notifiy everyone」 and withdrew.



Even though he just wanted to have meal while basking in nostalgia, the chaos was continuing for some reason.



If they seriously didn’t return Catherine here, the risk of Brook’s eccentrics running wild to no end was big. He couldn’t help but shudder.



Even after Ehito was destroyed, the people of Tortus continued to hold faith to “the pure Ehito Ehicliberei” and the holy church. So far as it went, the demon king was thought to be at the side of that Ehic-san so he thought there would be no problem but……



Depending on the situation, factions might be born. Like the old church faithEhic faction and new church faithdemon king faction. He wanted to be spared from being set up as the symbol of a religious war. Especially because of the shame it would bring.



「Hajime-kun♪ A bronze statuse, isn’t that fine! Together with Yue-san and others too! Everyone as bronze statue♪」



「Aiko, you’re planning to bring us down with you huh……」



「Hey, Hajime-kun. Are you really fine with making someone like my daughter your wife? She is a daughter who will bring down even her mother with her you know?」



Ai-chan hugged Hajime’s arm with a truly nice smile while going ‘Comrade♪Comrade♪’. Seeing that, not just Hajime and Akiko, even Yue and others sent a cold stare at her. It wasn’t like they didn’t understand her feeling but……that was that. This was this!



「Err, demon king-sama~. It looks like the meal is finished you knoow」



Soona who was becoming flaccid in her state that was held up by Hajime’s iron claw said. When they looked, the inn mistress and her husband were making apologetic look about their daughter while bringing in the food.



Although this inn was making exaggerated promotion like mad, the delicious smell drifting from the food was enough to make the stomach of Hajime and co to cry out. It was at the level where they held a great expectation. With that Soona too was tossed away with Hajime saying ‘You narrowly escaped death’ and the matter wasn’t turned into something serious.



Soona muttered「I, I thought I was going to die……but, this feeling……ah, I, might have come……」 with a small voice, but no one gave a damn. They didn’t want to know anything about what this problem girl reached through that danger to her life.



The meal that began after such chaos was coupled with deliciousness that didn’t betray the aroma. All the chaos from before became like a lie and a peaceful atmosphere enveloped the table.



Surely Chrystabel leaving was also playing a large factor. They were in the middle of family trip, so it seemed he was also being considerate as an outsider but,



「I’ll go call the children who are in the middle of training♪ Look forward to it while waiting!」



It was really concerning about what he said. “Children in the middle of training”, just what could it mean……



It didn’t feel like the food would go through their throat if they thought deeply about it, so for the time being they forgot it. Together with the full powered wink of Chyrstabel-chan when he left.



Like that, around the time when their stomach was filled to a certain degree.



Everyone was showing a satisfied smile for the other world cooking. Especially those like Kaoruko who loved cooking, they looked like they were having a lot of fun.



Sensing that slightly calm atmosphere, the inn mistress――Kiina Masaka and the cook who was her husband――Galadrius Masaka who seemed to have waiting for the right timing came to give their greeting.



Hajime and others learned their name for the first time. The husband was a calm looking person with slight playfulness that could be felt from him but……his name was quite showy. The father and son Shuu and Hajime slightly reacted 「Cool……」 in their heart.



The inn mistress spoke in shame.



「Everyone, I’m truly grateful for your visit to Masaka Inn today. We never even imagined that everyone will visit here again……furthermore this time there are even the goddess of harvest-sama and the family. It’s truly a great honor.」



「Right now we’re in the middle of tracing back our journey. We stopped by here on the way.」



「I see. At that time there were only Yue-sama and Shia-sama. Fufu, demon king-sama too has been really……」



Really, what? That gaze moved toward Tio, Shizuku, Kaori, Remia, and then at the end her gaze moved back forth to Myuu and Remia several times before the inn mistress smiled ‘hohoho’ complacently.



She looked like someone with common sense, but perhaps she was also a Brook citizen at heart. Should they said that it was to be expected for the mother to be like this when the daughter was like that?



But, at that timing, Hajime and Shia suddenly got surprised and turned their gaze to the same direction.



「I bring the after meal dessert~」



As expected from the poster girl of a famous inn. Although they were small plated, she placed five plates on one arm that she stretched with also another plate on her head. She brought those desserts without any difficulty at all to their table.



But, that wasn’t what they should pay attention to. Hajime looked at Soona with a gaze like an explorer who just discovered an UMA.



「……You, was your presence this thin?」



「Or rather, it felt like your presence vanished from the kitchen for an instant though……」



「?」



Soona-chan placed the plates with a dumbfounded face as though she really didn’t know what Hajime and Shia were talking about.



However, Yue and others shuddered hearing what they said. Their face said ‘Eh? Now that they mentioned it, since when this girl is this near?’. Shia whose senses were the most sensitive to detect presence and Hajime whose senses were second after her failed to grasp this girl’s presence even if it was only for an instant? Though there was no doubt that they were letting their guard down, so this being just their imagination……was also possible.



「Oi, Soona. You, “what” did you arrived at before this?」



「I don’t really understand what are you say――」



Hajime’s left hand made some gesture. The danger of iron claw was going to come once more.



Soona-chan was sweating coldly, however right after that she puffed out her chest and spoke with an amazing smug look.



「If I have to say it, then I guess it’s “Inn’s poster girl – final secret technique”.」



「Really, just where are you heading to huh.」



「To watch over the guests no matter where and when. I want to become such super first class girl of the inn.」



「Really, just why is this kind of inn is so popular……」



Soona-chan had most likely, surely, reached the super first class peeking skill without a doubt. It felt like his SANsanity would be shaved away if he asked the details, so Hajime didn’t pursue deeply.



When staring into the abyss, the abyss would also stare back at you……a certain abyss-san said that while making a stylish turn.



In exchange, everyone of Yaegashi family was deeply interested. Shuuzou asked.



「If I remember correctly, I heard that the people of the rabbit clan are skilled in controlling their presence but……you’re of the human race, am I right in considering that?」



「Of course. Look, I also don’t have rabbit ears right?」



She made rabbit ears with her hands and hopped *pyon pyon*.



「Fumu. In that case you’re really something. I wish you will teach us the trick even if it’s just one……」



「Trick, is it……I don’t know what trick you’re referring to but, it’s not like I’m not thinking that perhaps you will manage somehow if you watch over Shia-san.」



It seemed she wouldn’t admit that she was able to manipulate her presence till the end. Koichi continued the questioning. For Yaegashi family who lived in the shadow――cough-, had hobby for acrobatics, they wished to learn about Soona-chan’s “inn girl’s technique” no matter what. Shizuku-chan was staring fixedly at her family! Koichi papa ignored her!



「No no, she is a rabbit man race which is a race that excelled in presence manipulation from the beginning right? A method that is even us human can do is――」



「It’s troubling even if you ask me who is nothing more than an inn girl but……as expected perhaps by firmly and slowly and stickily watching Shia-san closely you might learn something or perhaps not.」



「……I see. In other words it’s “learning by watching”.」



Everyone of Yaegashi family (excluding the daughter) simultaneously turned their face toward Shia. They stared at her without blinking. They stared witho~-ut blinking.



「Hajime-san, what should I do? Somehow a stray bullet is coming to me.」



「Should I watch over you?」



「You bully desu!」



Somehow everyone’s gaze gathered on Shia and she got extremely uncomfortable.



There Myuu raised her hand to ask.



「Yes! Soona-oneechan! Can I ask a question? Nano!」



「While I’m greatly moved being called as Soona-oneechan, of course I’ll answer that question!」



「Myuu has often watched Shia-oneechan but, Myuu can’t do presence manipulation! What kind of Shia-oneechan Myuu has to watch so Myuu can learn it?」



「Wai-, Myuu-chan!?」



It was the pure question of Myuu-chan who wanted to become strong. Shia’s rabbit ears stood on end *usa-!?* hearing that.



「Soona-oneechan also can’t do something like presence manipulation but……」



Soona started with that while throwing her gaze to empty air in reminiscence and――spoke.



「For example, like Shia-san who crawled along the corridor when she attempted to make a secret night visit to demon king-sama’s room in the middle of night while thinning down her presence to the extreme.」



「Soona-san!?」



「Or like Shia-san who entered into the room when demon king-sama and Yue-san went out for a bit and concealed her breathing under the bed while waiting for a chance to arrive.」



「Oy you-, inn girlll! If you don’t you’re your mouth now then a sure kill rabbit punch will come flying――」



「Or like Shia-san who invaded from behind the ceiling and slipped into demon king-sama’s bed.」



「Rabbit Punch」



「Ah!?」



Soona-chan was struck from the back of her head by a pulled back fist that flew from the front. She sank on the ground.



Everyone’s gaze gathered on Shia. This time a different emotion was put inside their eyes. Their gaze was really lukewarm.



Shia’s face became bright red. She squirmed *usa usa* restlessly.



「Tha, that couldn’t be helped can it. Hajime-san and Yue-san at that time would forget my existence if I didn’t go that far desuu.」



「「Aa~~」」



Hajime and Yue’s face turned understanding. Although Yue’s attitude softened after they cleared Raisen Great Labyrinth, Hajime’s attitude was still very salty.



Soona who revived like a slime rubbed the back of her head while being lost in deep emotion.



「It was magnificent. The presence was so thin that I almost lost sight of her if I didn’t have my surging passion.」



「Just who in the world are you who were able to use your secretly pervert soul to normally observe Shia who seriously killed her presence?」



「Fuh, if you set up mirrors using superb angle inside the plumbing, then it’s possible to observe even from my own room――」



「Ma’aaamm! Check the plumbing right away! This damn girl made a surveillance network there!」



「Please rest assured. It’s already removed. I’m doing periodical check after all. Because if it’s left alone it will increase like rats.」



「Don’t just deal with the symptom, cure the source, your daughter’s sickness that is.」



「It’s an incurable sickness.」



「Demon king-sama and Okaa-san, both of you’re horrible! Besides even Okaa-san, before you married Otou-san you would observe a lot of guests night by night――」



「Just what are you blurting out in front of the guests!?」



As expected, it seemed the daughter was like this because the mother was like that. In exchange of the inn mother-daughter who was starting to make a ruckus ‘gyaa gyaa’, the husband with cool name lowered his head.



「My deepest apologies. Should I say that the family lineage of my wife has that kind of disposition……」



「A secretly pervert disposition huh. Don’t tell me that she is running an inn is also because as the extension of her hobby?」



「I think that’s not it but……actually, the family lineage of my wife has been running inns for generations all this time. Also, it’s not just Soona, everyone in my wife’s family is good at moving without being noticed by people……. Also, I believe that you have known about Soona becoming the quiz queen from the banner but」



「Aah, I forgot that because of too much impacts but, what about it?」



According to him, it seemed that people following after the demon king’s track with historians at the lead were rushing her to gather data. Naturally the person they were gathering data the most from was Soona-chan due to her very great observation.



「Actually, I was also told that my wife’s family is good at information gathering or something……they‘re excessively good at asking what they want to know from casual conversation.」



In other words, the scholars who came here instead got asked about the information of Hajime and co that they gathered from all over the place. As the result she became an unbeatable quiz queen.



Not just Hajime, even the expression of Yue and others were convulsing. They thought, ‘Hey, claiming as “just an inn girl” is too forced already isn’t it? No matter how you think you’re a first class spy aren’t you!?’,



「What kind of person the ancestor of Masaka family was……」



「Who knows. There isn’t also anything like family tree so……. Based from what I learned, everyone single one of them was of the human race and managed normal inns though.」



‘But’, Galadrius continued.



「When I married, my wife’s parents gave me a condition.」



「Condition?」



「Yes. ――Don’t discriminate demihuman race. If I can’t do that, they won’t accept me as son-in-law they said.」



「……Hee. They were follower of the church right?」



「Yes, of course. But, it seems that’s the teaching that had been inherited by generations of Masaka family. Well, the family business is inn. So I think it’s a teaching to treat all customers equally seeing that this is a service business.」



Or perhaps, the ancestor had a reason that they didn’t want to discriminate demihuman race――right now it was beastman race though――and wanted to look after them.



Yue spoke her conjecture with a pondering face.



「……There is also the matter of presence manipulation, could it be, there was a rabbitman race among the family ancestors?」



「Even if there was, it was a long time ago that even the family tree couldn’t be traced back right? It’s a bit hard to believe that they can continue inherit that disposition until now.」



「As for me, that make it sounded like the past rabbitman race is so much of a secret pervert that it got genetically succeeded by the later generation. That’s a bit unpleasant……」



In any case, it seemed that Soona-chan’s familial technique of highest level that reached the extreme came to be only because there was the groundwork from her bloodline and learning by watching the bugged rabbit. ‘What the hell with that’, Hajime made a tsukkomi to himself.



「I see. As expected it can’t be learned just in one day.」



「As expected the quickest shortcut is none other than diligent training.」



「That’s right, Otou-sanfather-in-law, dear. There will be interaction with the people of Hauria in our travel schedule right? How about we suggest to have joint training there?」



「That’s a good idea, Kirino!」



Shizuku-chan was looking with a chilly gaze! ‘That’s a stupid idea!’ It was clear that her gaze was saying that. Because, it was that Hauria they were talking about! Yaegashi mixing with them, dangerous! Absolutely no good!



When they also finished eating the desert with such conversation in the middle.



‘Let’s return to the palace to prepare for tomorrow after looking around the town for a bit. Eh? Aren’t we going to stay at Masaka Inn? Who the hell is going to stay at the inn with this kind of pure spy girl here! We’re returning to the palace!’ With that kind of atmosphere Hajime and co stood up from their chair――in that moment.



「Hajime-kyun! Everyone! Leave it to us to show all of you around the town pyon♪」



*Zuban* The door was opened with a loud sound and the frilly muscle monster――Chyrstabel appeared.



No, he certainly said “us” just now.



「「「「「Hajime-kyun! We had been looking forward to our day of reunion pyon♪」」」」」



Muscle muscle muscle muscle muscle muscle muscle muscle muscle muscle muscle muscle muscle muscle muscle muscle muscle muscle muscle muscle muscle muscle muscle muscle muscle muscle.



Frill frill frill frill frill frill frill frill frill frill frill frill frill frill frill frill frill frill frill frill frill frill frill frill frill frill frill frill frill frill frill frill frill frill frill.



The monster parade of muscle and frill was approaching with density that might pulverize the inn’s entrance.



Hajime was surrounded in the blink of eye. The muscles were talking *michi michi-michi michi-* in high spirit to him! They seemed to have been rushing to come here, The breathing they exhaled *bashuuh* and the glistening sweats on their skin were pressed on Hajime’s face all over!



「Uboa」



「……Nn!? Hajimeee-, hang in thereee!」



「Aah, he is foaming in the mouth!」



「Papaaa-. Don’t die nano!」



「My my, how awful!」



「Kaori! Regeneration magic, quickly! Goshujin-sama art dying from shock!」



「Wait! Shizuku-chan is also fainting with the white of her eyes showing! She is whispering things like the capital’s guild or Mariabel’s muscle, anyway it’s like she is seriously ill!」



「A, anyway, I, I’ll use soul magic to Hajime-kun!」



The unusual occurrence of the demon king dying, once more.



The town that was making the godslaying demon king to be in the verge of dying two times in such a short time――the holy land Brook.



Indeed, it was certainly just as Hajime said, this place was the haunted……that was what Sumire and others thought with conflicted expression while looking at Hajime and Shizuku who were receiving emergency treatment.



By the way, the manly women of “manly women descendantBel Family”who were peering timidly on Hajime and Shizuku with worried look were the thugs at Horlad Town who got ‘smashed’ by Hajime a little bit before Kaori confessed to him.



They also participated in the legendary decisive battle, but because their training period was short and they were still inexperienced, unlike Yue’s first smash partner Mariabel and AbelArabel who was at the very least a gold rank adventurer, they were going through demonic remodeling――or rather training day and night to become “proper Bel” or something.



In other words, it seemed they were still lacking in muscle and cuteness.



These people who sought the way of the manly woman who was still lacking polishing in their muscle and adorableness seemed to be dreaming to be reunited with the demon king who gave them the chance (?) to enter this path. They went「To be able to give a tour of this town, how lovely!」 and they were reaa~-lly in high spirit so……



「Uuh……who is this place? Where am I……」



Hajime resumed breathing even while in confusion. The meats drew close *zuzui-!!* in worry with tearful eyes (that looked bloodshot) while yelling「「「「「Hajime-kyun! Are you okay!?」」」」」,



「What, so this is a dream.」



They made the demon king to foam from the mouth once more and fainted.



After that for a while , throughout Masaka Inn, or rather throughout the whole Brook Town, the scream of「HAJIMEEE~~~!!」 from Yue-san and co, and also together with the scream of「SHIZUKU-CHA~~NN」 were continuing to resound to call back the two’s souls back to the living world.



.



.



AN: Thank you very much for reading this every time.



Thank you very much too for the thoughts, opinions, and reports about misspelling and omitted words.



※Kururu dish



It’s not Cthulhu dis. They sound similar but, it’s just a dish using Kururu bird.



※Masaka’s family lineage



It’s related with inn family at Miledy’s era……perhaps.



※Bel’s lineage



It already existed at Miledy’s era. However, Belta-san is unrelated with it.



※Cosplay tournament



Walker’s third son Jonathan-kun (14 years old) won it.



Walker’s second daughter Evelyn-chan (11 years old) received special prize for cosplaying Tio.



.





Chapter 357




Arifureta Chapter 357



Arifureta After III Tortus Travel Journal ⑯



.



「Absolutely no way.」



Hajime was throwing a tantrum in the sky far above. He was sitting on the sofa inside Ferner’s bridge with his arms crossed and looking aside sulkily.



「Do, don’t say that. Please, Hajime-san.」



Right beside him, sitting at the opposite direction where Hajime was averting his gaze was Liliana making such request while snuggling close to him.



The group returned from the holy land Brook that was transformed into the haunts of the wicked to the capital yesterday night.



No, in Hajime’s case perhaps it should be called as “returning alive” instead.



His soul slipped out from his flesh body seven times (Yue slapped it back every time). His SAN point was consigned to oblivion eight times (Yue kindly returned his sanity every time). His mind also regressed to a child four times (Yue went ‘haa haa’). His attempt to dye Brook Town crimson reached nine times (Yue hugged him with all her strength to stop him).



It was a deathly battle. It was truly a nightmarish deathly battle against the deviant residences * drilly monsters of the wicked haunts.



With a mind that reached the limit, Hajime shook off the residences who were <ruby>swarming him like the dead from the hell<rt>trying to make him stay</rt></ruby>. After that, he kept hugging Yue all this time in order to heal the wound of his heart.



Shia and others, especially Myuu tried to console him but……as expected, the first wife-sama was powerful at this kind of time. Hajime who was still somewhat under the influence of his infantile regression wouldn’t separate from Yue no matter what anyone said.



Like that, Hajime finally came back to his senses after a night passed but……



「If I say no way then no way.」



「Even so please. Visit Ur Town too. Right now the pope is also in the middle of visitation, as expected passing through it without stopping by is……」



「I don’t care. I’m, on a trip. I’m going, to the imperial capital.」



「Yo, you hate it so much you’re using baby talk……」



Presently Hajime and co were in the middle of three days trip heading to the east of the continent. Their destination was Hoelscher Empire, but Liliana asked them to stop by at the lake shore town Ur that was on the way there. Because of that she was in an argument with Hajime who absolutely didn’t want to stop by.



Even the wish of Liliana who had taken care of her work to a certain degree and looked forward to the trip today didn’t move him at all.



Sumire who couldn’t bear to watch asked in exasperation.



「Geez, just why are you that reluctant?」



Shuu and others who were also in the bridge were waiting for the answer. Shia and others were also waiting for the answer, although with a face that looked like they somehow understood Hajime’s reason.



Naturally, Hajime’s answer was,



「That place has surely turned the same way as like Brook!」



That was probably the case. After all, if the holy land Brook was “the town of the beginning of the demon king’s journey”, then Ur Town was the “town where the sword of the goddess descended”.



‘It absolutely has changed into the haunts of the wickeeed! Hajime-san don’t want to go to that kind of place!’ It seemed that was the reason. After saying out loud the word “Brook” by himself, it seemed Hajime recalled the nightmare yesterday and pulled Yue’s arm before embracing her tightly.



「Aa~. Hajime-san is hugging Yue-san like a plushy again……」



「How envious…..but, Yue is unusually making a troubled face so I can’t really say anything.」



「Myu……papa, as expected it seems that it’s no good if it’s not Yue-oneechan when he is weak nano……」



In regard to mental stability effect and healing effect, perhaps Myuu and Shia and others could be expected to have the same effects, but if one also expected for “protection“ effect to maintain sanity from nightmare, then it couldn’t really be said that they would be effective unless it was Yue-sama.



So to speak, if Myuu and others were hi-potion, then Yue was elixir. It seemed their level was different.



「Leave it at that, Hajime. I can’t bear seeing my high school son regressing into an infant. Honestly, Tou-sa is thinking that you’re a little bit gross.」



「Tou-san, tell me that more indirectly. That hurt.」



Hajime embraced Yue back on his chest like a kid hugging his doll. It seemed the destructive power that was brought about by the “Bel lineage” had made the demon king to be riddled with wound by that much.



「……Say, Hajime? As expected this is a bit embarrassing.」



Apparently even Yue could feel embarrassed from getting everyone’s attention by being hugged like this. Of course, Hajime didn’t pay any mind to it.



「Goshujin-sama. There art not any “Bel lineage” in Ur correct? It wouldst be fine.」



「You’re too optimistic, Tio. Those guys are propagating. They’re expanding their force behind the scene while mankind isn’t aware. We don’t know where they’re lurking.」



Chrystabel and others were treated like they were invader from space. It was troubling because they couldn’t really deny it decisively when considering their incomprehensible nurturing method and mysterious strength.



「But still……it is the place where we met. It wouldst be cruel to ignore that place. <ruby>Hahaue-dono<rt>mother-in-law</rt></ruby> and others art wishing to witness our past too.」



「What’re you gonna do showing them something like your ass getting shoved with pile bunker huh?」



「Fuguh……haa haa. Tha, that art not all there is to it! Like, this and that, there art various other things!」



「There was only you going haa haa. It will be bad for Myuu’s education.」



「We saved the city from a great swarm of monsters attacking from all directions! Also, there art thy first kiss with Aiko too!」



Aiko was hit by a stray bullet. 「Ah!? That’s right!」 she said with her eyes swimming around. She also wished for everyone to watch how Hajime and co protected the city but……that scene was embarrassing.



Somehow Aiko was also starting to lean to agree with Hajime’s opinion to ignore Ur Town……but.



「Aa geez, this is irritating! Shia-chan! Okaa-san gives you the permission! Take Yue-chan away!」



Sumire-okaasan snapped seeing and hearing her son’s grumbling. Hajime fundamentally was someone who would make a swift decision and take quick action, so this was an extremely rare sight in a sense. Because of that she was enjoying his state until yesterday, but finally the feeling of irritation won inside her.



「E~rr……」



「Shia, I believe in you――」



「Shia-chan? Okaa-san, and your worthless husband, which one is more important?」



Sumire’s nice smile burst out. Shia looked alternately at Hajime and Sumire several times……



「Okaa-sama! Order received desuu!」



「Shia!? You’re betraying me!?」



She didn’t have the rabbit ear to listen to Hajime’s nonsense. She closed the distance with super speed and seized Yue with her overwhelming physical strength. Naturally, Hajime immediately reached out with his hand to take Yue back but,



「Tio-san paaass!」



「……Nn!?」



「Righto!」



Yue-san floated in the air. Hajime raised his eyes at Tio who caught her normally. Tio shivered and panted from that while Hajime closed his distance with “Ground Shrinker”. Before his hand reached,



「Kaori-, pass!」



「……Wai-!?」



「Wawa-, caa~tch! Aa~nd rele~ase!」



「……I’ll kill you Kaori!」



「It’s me this time!? Wait, Yue, you’re really light……」



「……Treatment. The treatment to me」



Yue-san who was thrown all over like a ball and light like a dream. As expected she didn’t want to be treated like a ball more than this, so she got away from Shizuku’s arm and floated up lightly using gravity magic. An intense reproachful glare scanned inside the room.



During that time Sumire circled behind the back of the flustered Liliana. Without pause she hugged her from behind and put the cheeks of the bewildered Liliana between her hands.



「Hajime, look! At the dark circles under Liliana’s eyes that are so deep it put you off! At her eyes that are cloudy like a corporate slave working in a black company! At her pitifulness from making a cheerful smile that isn’t even thinking that her condition is painful even then!」



「Eh? Okaa-sama? A, am I……pitiful? Eh? Huh?」



Certainly, she was in a horrible state. Her face was. Even though she was a princess. Just how much she was looking forward to this trip huh? Just how much she forced herself to take care of her work so she could take a leave huh? One couldn’t help but make such tsukkomi.



Or rather, everyone wanted to make that tsukkomi before the departure, they intended to indirectly acted concerned to her and asked「Don’t force yourself. Or rather, isn’t it impossible for you to join the trip today?」, but seeing her figure that was full of liveliness only in her atmosphere despite having a face that was unbecoming for a princess, everyone was put off and they couldn’t say anything in the end.



The state of Liliana that was finally spoken out by Sumire flustered Hajime. Seeing that Sumire dealt an additional blow.



「Lily-chan wanted to go in this trip so much that she ended up in this pitiful state! This child had done her best see! To a degree she doesn’t even realize about her own disastrous state!」



「Sa, say Okaa-sama? What do you mean by me being pitiful……」



「Your heart is heavily wounded because of the thing yesterday? Hah, that’s funny coming from the demon king. You see, true serious wound refer to a pitiful child like the current Lily-chan!」



「……Pitiful……I’m, pitiful……even though I’m a princess……eh, but, pitiful what?」



Princess Liliana, fourteen years old, she was feeling shocked from being pitied while looking completely uncomprehending just what was the cause of her being pitied.



Pitiful! Everyone’s face looked like they were going to burst crying.



「Kuh……being told that……I don’t have any way to argue back. I……it seems I was really cowardly, to think that I became this timid just from this much……」



「Ha, Hajime-san!? You accepted that!? I, it’s not like there is anything that should make me get pitied or――」



「Looks like you have opened your eyes. ……Hajime. Now you can listen to the wish that Lily-chan asked from you that she even reduced her own lifespan can’t you?」



「Lifespan!? Okaa-sama, just what are you talking――」



「Yeah, Kaa-san. I was wrong. Those muscle and frill monsters ain’t anything to worry about. How can I call myself a husband if I don’t listen to the request from Lily who reduced herself until this state.」



「What kind of state do you mean by that!? How do I look like right now from everyone’s perspective!?」



「It’s fine if you understand. Now, let’s go to that Ur Town whatever. Okaa-san absolutely doesn’t want to miss any memorable place in this trip. I intend to enjoy everything there is to enjoy after all.」



「Your real feeling came out there.」



Lily-chan became tearful. She was ignored by her mother-in-law and husband, and everyone else was also strangely kind to her, they were sending her pitying gaze that she wanted to scream 「I don’t get it!」.



Seeing Liliana whose expression looked like she didn’t understand what was going on, Kaori looked at her with a pained eyes while asking.



「Hey, Lily. I wonder, how much work you did so that you can come along in this trip?」



「Eh? Even if you asked me how much……」



「Regarding the time, how many hours you worked in one day?」



「Eh? I didn’t count such thing in detail though……」



The air froze. The expression of the parent~s who were working adult especially froze.



Liliana was perplexed by the strange atmosphere while timidly releasing additional shocking words with an air that wanted to say 「I am, normal right?」.



「I, I wake up in the morning and work……and then when I see the next morning sun, I’ll take a bit of rest……eh!? Everyone, why are you all crying so suddenly!? O, Okaa-sama!? Otou-sama!? And even Kaoruko-sama and everyone too!? Why are you all hugging me!?」



The parent~s were crying while tightly hugging the working fourteen years old princess. Sumire spoke with a nasal voice.



「To, to think it was that bad……I have to ask Luluaria if she is planning to kill her daughter! That’s too harsh even if she is the princess!」



「Ple, please stop-, Sumire-okaasama! If Okaa-sama learn this then she will stop me!」



「Lily-chan!? Why are you making a sorrowful face like that!?」



According to Liliana, not just Luluaria, it seemed even Hellina and others would stop her if they found her working through the night. And so, she often secretly did her work while hiding.



「Everything is for the sake of my country’s rebuilding! If I don’t do it then who else will!」



The black princess-sama strongly insisted with boiling motivation and cloudy eyes. Well that’s, if she was making herself as the standard while giving direction to her subordinate, then even that knight order captain would break.



Kaori spoke to Hajime with an expression of ‘I can’t watch this anymore!’.



「Hajime-kun. Can’t you lend your strength so the reconstruction can be finished as fast as possible?」



「……I guess. Before we return to earth, I’ll distribute artifacts to increase the ability of people like Wolpen and others the transmutation masters or the workers in civil engineering and construction of the kingdom.」



The transmutation masters of the kingdom looked up to Hajime as grand master and rapidly improved their ability, and on top of that transmutation masters from all over the world who idolized the demon king were also gathering, so right now more than a hundred transmutation masters were working in the kingdom. If their capability was improved with artifacts, it would definitely be a big help for the reconstruction.



Artifact with the emblem of demon king was something that anyone desperately wanted, so in order to avoid needless chaos Hajime didn’t hand it out freely except to some exception but……



Seeing Liliana’s state, Hajime decided to add one more exception. He was forced to make this decision.



「……I don’t get it. Even though I’m completely normal」



While being buried under the consoling parent~s, Liliana’s uncomprehending whisper resounded through the room.



In any case, Liliana’s wish was granted and Hajime took the route toward the lakeshore town Ur.



.



.



.



Like that, at the Ur Town that Hajime visited after resolving himself in various senses……



「This is a lie……right?」



It was a situation that made Hajime unable to say anything more.



「Err, Hajime-san? It’s only because Brook without Catherine-san is too much like “that” you know?」



Hajime was speechless while looking down on the city from behind the window of Ferner’s bridge. Liliana spoke to him with a wry smile.



Just as she said, it seemed that it was really just Brook Town that was becoming the stronghold of a group of people with a couple of loose screws.



Yes, lakeshore town Ur was completely normal!



It wasn’t really any different from the last time he saw this town. There were changes like the carvings and paintings that were drawn on the defensive wall that Hajime created using “transmutation” when fighting against the big swarm of monsters from all directions, or the boorish wall that was refined and cleanly maintained, or the former site of the battlefield that was cultivated together with the blood and flesh of the monsters and became a beautiful grain producing field, but those changes should be welcomed instead.



「What an ordinary place……」



「Hajime-san, just what kind of image that you have about this world’s people?」



Liliana-sama sent Hajime a reproachful stare as the representation of Tortus people.



「No, because you know……」



The residences of the capital――the lot that switched into religious organization worshipping Aiko looked fanatical, there were a lot of firms selling body pillows or T-shirts or other things that were printed with picture of girls in his class. Wolpen and others the transmutation master group added optional function into the capital’s great barrier as they pleased, furthermore the drama that told the tale of the journey of the demon king’s group was projected with the palace’s artifact. It was projected on the great barrier itself, the movie function that was like a type of planetarium was really embarrassing. Though he immediately destroyed it.



And so on, Hajime mentioned the people of the capital who were a little bit like “that” in the head. At the end he looked at Liliana,



「Even the princess is like this.」



「What do you mean by that!?」



Even though Kaori who sympathized with the tragic face of the black princess applied regeneration magic, the princess babbled 「As expected age of god magic is amazing! The fatigue that cannot be cured anymore by normal recovery magic is vanishing! With this……I’ll be able to work as much as I like!」. She was bad news――that was what Hajime meant.



「It’ll be great if the reconstruction is finished quickly……. So that Lily can return to her senses.」



「That’s why just what do you mean by that!?」



Even while making such conversation, Ferner moved to the spot beside the front gate of the town.



Sumire who was also looking out of the window like Hajime raised a voice of admiration.



「Even so it’s a beautiful place isn’t it~. The lake is sparkling, and the wheat tip fluttering from the wind is like a water ripple.」



Certainly, it was a beautiful scenery.



The large lake brightly reflecting the light of the sun. The vast grain producing field that was making use of the lake. The tip of the crops waving in the wind, the scenery was like a sea of gold on the ground.



There was an astonishingly majestic mountain range extending at the north. Vivid autumn colors could be seen even from afar. And yet if they moved their gaze slightly to the east, this time deep green color was expanding like midsummer tree. At the other side they could see an area of withered trees as though winter suddenly arrived. It looked like an exhibition of four seasons.



It was wondrously, magnificently, and eye-catchingly beautiful. Not only Sumire, the other parents and also Myuu and Remia who unexpectedly never visited here were all watching in fascination while sighing 「Hou」.



Shuu asked casually.



「Hajime. If I remember right, this is the number one grain producing region in this world isn’t it? Is it the harvest time right now?」



「I don’t know about that. As expected I haven’t grasped the situation until the detail like the harvest cycle but……」



When Hajime turned his gaze to Liliana, she guessed what he wanted to say and nodded.



「Originally, the harvest period of Ur is once a year, and originally right now isn’t the time for that. But, right now the harvest period of Ur become a cycle of three times a year. It’s not limited to Ur, but also several other arable lands.」



「Lily-chan, how can that be?」



「In other words, Otou-sama. Approximately thirty percent of arable land in the north of the continent become a fertile ground that grow crops with three times the normal speed recently. So inevitably the amount of harvest also became three times the usual.」



‘And then, the key figure of that was none other than!’ Liliana’s eyes were filled with feeling of gratitude and awe.



「――”The goddess of the harvest”, Aiko-san!」



「「「「「Oo~~~~~~~~」」」」」



「Yo, your welcome.」



Aiko humbly bowed her head shyly.



Hajime continued the talk seriously.



「Vocation “farming master” ――a super rare vocation that possess tremendous aptitude for skill and magic related to agriculture, the innate sense to see through the problem in the soil and points of improvement, and the ability to carry out improvement to those problems. It’s a plain vocation in a glance but, it’s rarity is right after “hero” vocation.」



「Eh, is that so? It’s not because my child is a farmer’s child?」



Akiko tilted her head with a puzzled expression. It was shocking enough that the vocation made it possible to improve the soil so the crop’s growth speed was increased, but it seemed that she never imagined that her daughter had a talent that precious. It might also be because she herself was from a farmer family.



Hajime added his explanation toward such Akiko.



「It seems there are quite the number of people with inferior version of that vocation though. So to speak, it’s the highest class of vocation in farming type. You can think of it like that.」



「……In other words, whether it’s rice or wheat or vegetable or anything can be nurtured to high class quality in our orchard……is it something like that?」



「It’s like that.」



「……Aiko, you’re hella amazing.」



「Okaa-san, your wording.」



「Because, you helped out some at our work but, you weren’t that interested to agriculture weren’t you? It’s unfair somehow.」



「Tha, that’s not my fault! It’s not like I chose my vocation by myself!」



The very conflicted gaze of Akiko and the impressed gaze of the other parents that seemed like to say 「I see. I understand now why she is worshipped as the goddess of bountiful harvest」made Aiko to shrink like a small animal from bashfulness.



But, there Hajime changed his tone slightly.



「Yes, Aiko,s talent and ability, it’s hella amazing.」



His tone was mixed with wry smile but, it was a bit low and lacked cheerfulness. Akiko and others turned a puzzled gaze at him.



「Please try to imagine. Just how valuable an existence that can multiply food supply when it’s in the middle of war.」



「……ah」



Akiko looked at her daughter with a sudden realization. Aiko too seemed to recall “that incident” which occurred at Ur Town that time. Her expression stiffened in bitterness and pain.



「Aiko’s power can completely change the food situation at the northern continent. A troop that doesn’t have any problem at all with food will be like a nightmare from the enemy’s perspective.」



Shuuzou put his hand on his chin and continued Hajime’s words with a groan.



「So it’s a problem of “stamina as a nation” huh. War is like a gluttonous monster that eat up every aspect of the country completely. And yet, if the enemy’s ability to continue war won’t weaken at all in the food aspect……」



「Naturally, such thing can’t be left alone.」



「From the enemy country’s perspective, that will be even more troublesome than the hero in a sense.」



Koichi and Kirino sent a concerned gaze at Aiko. They somehow guessed what had happened to Aiko.



Aiko herself shivered slightly hearing the words that Kirino said. Those words were completely a coincidence but, it made her remembered whether she wanted it or not. Of that bitter and painful memory.



――Hatayama-sensei. ……It’s to kill you



The words that her previous student threw at her. Killing intent. Madness.



――There is no way the demon race won’t leave alone an existence that is more troublesome than the hero in a sense isn’t it?



Aiko looked down. Her mind was seized by the memory――



「Well, naturally she was targeted. And the method of the enemy was to tempt one of our classmates to join the demon race’s side. They made him instigate a big swarm of monster to kill Aiko along with the town――」



「Ha, Hajime-kun!」



Hajime suddenly said it with a light tone indifferently. Aiko reflexively stopped him. But, Hajime didn’t pay her any mind and continued.



「And, through one thing and another, I killed that classmate.」



Sound of gasp resounded. It wasn’t clear whose sound it was. But, the parents――especially Tomoichi and Kaoruko, and then Akiko opened their eyes wide. The sound must have come from one of them.



Hajime smiled wryly at Akiko and others who were at a loss for words and continued.



「If we land on this town, then you will surely overhear about the story of that time from the talk of the citizens here. Because for them, this story is nothing more than an impressive tale of the “goddess of the good harvest” and her sword defeating the mastermind and saving the town.」



In other words, Hajime deliberately mentioned this story was to avoid the unexpected appearance of the truth.



Murdering a classmate.



One of the students among the classmates who couldn’t return home. One of the causes why the mass media made a great ruckus.



They would be able to watch that past if they wished. Even if they didn’t watch, surely they would overhear about it.



Akiko and others tried to observe the expression of Hajime and co.



There wasn’t any gloominess, regret, and of course no suspiciousness at all on their face. Conversely there also wasn’t any sign of them looking satisfied or delighted.



Their face was the same like what they saw before. No matter what happened, they accepted everything that happened because of what they had done, there was only such resolve in their face.



Yue and others were silently observing the condition of the parents. Only Shuu and Sumire were carefully watching because they had already said what should be said.



Amidst that, it was unexpectedly Akiko who opened her mouth first.



「Thank you for your consideration, Hajime-kun. And, I wonder if I can watch your kiss scene with Aiko?」



「Okaa-san!?」



Aiko was astonished. Akiko showed a mischievous looking smile saying 「Because I’m really curious」.



Then Shuuzou and others also took advantage of the opportunity to also start talking.



「A battle against 60,000, such fight is full of romance. I wish to be allowed to watch it no matter what.」



「After all you can’t really watch something like that even from movie……」



「I’m interested with the battle against Tio-san in her black dragon form. It makes my heart dance imagining a fight of weapon versus dragon.」



Those impression made them sounded completely like warmongering tribe. Tomoichi and Kaoruko also relaxed the tension in their shoulders seeing how Akiko and co reacted. In any case everyone once more displayed an expression of resolve to watch the path that Hajime and co had taken in their travel.



Kaori, Remia, and especially Myuu were also looking interested. Shizuku too, normally she would at least send a reproachful gaze toward her grandfather and parents, but this time she didn’t really do anything like that. It seemed she harbored interest toward the great battle where they didn’t participate in.



「If it’s about the number of enemy then the final battle had a lot more though.」



「That is that and this is this, Hajime-kun.」



It seemed that it was something like that according to Kaori.



「Fufu, finally even the fateful encounter of I and Goshujin-sama wouldst be shown. Now, Goshujin-sama! Let’s go with high spirit!」



「Do you want the scene where you got your ass pile bunkered to be seen so much like that huh?」



Surely she wanted to display it. She was a pervert after all.



「Now, Hajime. A lot of people of the town are coming out. We got it already with the prior warning, so let’s go already.」



Just as Sumire said, the people of Ur Town were gathering toward outside the wall. Their voices didn’t reach here, even so it looked like the place was full of noise. They could see the people waving their hands with bright expression.



It was a really normal welcome. There wasn’t any cosplay, there was also no inn poster girl performing eagle ○ive from the top of the wall. Of course, there was also no soul sister or any other perverted special group.



Above all else,



「……Yosh, looks like there isn’t any manly woman.」



That point was wonderful.



「……Hajime, just how wary you are toward them?」



