Chapter 1201
In the depths of the distant starry sky, the starry sky was boundless. A person standing in the starry sky was as small as a speck of dust.
At the end of the starry sky, a plain dress fluttered in the starry sky. In this vast starry sky, the woman seemed somewhat frail and lonely.
The woman walked very slowly, as if she was taking a stroll.
After a long time, the woman suddenly took out a small wooden figure. This small wooden figure looked exactly like Ye Xuan.
Looking at the small wooden figure in her hand, the woman's lips curled up.
As if thinking of something, she suddenly looked at the end of the starry sky. At this moment, the smile on her face gradually became cold, "I am not dead, so who can harm you?
Who dares to harm you? "
In the past, she was only alive because of her brother's words, 'If you have the ability, then protect the common people of this world'.
She did it!
She protected that part of the universe for tens of thousands of years!
And now, she was alive because her brother was still alive.
In fact, after that epiphany, she felt that living was meaningless.
Sword Dao?
She was already at the peak.
Longevity?
If she did not want to die, who could make her die?
If she died one day, there was only one explanation.
There was only one explanation, and that was that she wanted to die.
But now, she did not want to die!
At this moment, the starry sky in the distance suddenly trembled. Soon, three people appeared in front of her.
They were the mysterious expert from the demonic path family and the black and white envoys.
All three of them were at the Self Release realm!
The plain-dressed woman collected her thoughts and looked at the three people in front of her, "I only have one question. Who told you to find me!"
The figure smiled and said, "I heard from the Fifth Dimension's Tendo that you are Ye Xuan's little sister!"
The Fifth Dimension's Tendo!
The plain-dressed woman turned her head and glanced down. Somewhere in the starry sky, a woman who was roasting fish suddenly raised her head. The next moment, she quickly turned and ran, "I did not do anything, I did not do anything …"
As she spoke, she had already run back to the Fifth Dimension.
She knew that if she was in the Fifth Dimension, that woman would not attack!
Because this attack might even kill Ye Xuan!
When that woman had killing intent, the place where Ye Xuan was was the safest!
The plain-dressed woman did not attack!
The Fifth Dimension might not be able to withstand her sword, but Ye Xuan might not be able to either. Moreover, there were many friends and relatives of Ye Xuan in the Fifth Dimension.
She didn't care, but she cared about Ye Xuan's concern.
Love me, love my dog!
She didn't want him to be unhappy at all!
The plain-dressed woman retracted her gaze. The moment she retracted her gaze, the Tendo in the Fifth Dimension heaved a sigh of relief!
The Fifth Dimension Tendo raised his head to look at the starry sky and clicked his tongue. "So strong!
This strength … I can only describe it as f * cking hell! "
As she spoke, she seemed to think of something and said, "This Demon Path family really went to find her …"
As she spoke to here, she suddenly raised a thumb. "The demonic path families really have guts!"
The Demon Dao Family: "…"
...
In the starry skies, there was a plain-dressed woman. The phantom smiled and said, "Miss, we would like to invite you to our Demonic Path family as a guest. Is that possible?"
The plainly dressed woman looked at the phantom. "Sure!"
The phantom was slightly taken aback. He agreed just like that?
Wasn't he going to fight?
The phantom looked at the plain-dressed woman and quickly understood.
It was probably because the other party saw that he had three Self Release Realm experts on his side, so he gave up resisting. But this was also good. It saved him some trouble.
The phantom calmly said, "Please!"
As she finished speaking, she turned around and left with the Black and White Emissaries.
Ye Xuan followed them.
On the way, the phantom looked at the plain-dressed woman. The plain-dressed woman's expression was calm.
He couldn't see whether she was happy or angry.
The phantom smiled and said, "Your Excellency, aren't you going to ask why we are inviting you?"
The plain-dressed woman looked at the phantom and didn't say anything.
The phantom suddenly transmitted his xuan qi to the Black and White Emissaries. "Can the two of you feel her true strength?"
After a moment of silence, the White Emissary suddenly said, "I can't feel it. This person has no aura!"
Hearing this, the White Emissary's expression gradually sank.
At this time, the Black Emissary suddenly said, "Presumably, she has some secret method to hide her aura!"
The phantom nodded.
The three of them couldn't feel the aura of the plain-dressed woman. There were only two possibilities. The first was that the plain-dressed woman had some secret method to hide her aura from them!
The second was that the plain-dressed woman's strength far surpassed them. They couldn't feel the suppression of their realms.
It was obviously the first!
Above Self Release Realm?
Even Ye Lanting of the Dao World hadn't reached that level all those years ago!
In his opinion, it was absolutely impossible for her to reach above Self Release Realm.
Because there was no one above Self Release Realm in the entire Dao World!
Self Release Realm was the limit!
At this time, the White Emissary suddenly said, "This woman doesn't give me a simple feeling. We can't be careless!"
The Black Emissary smiled and said, "She really isn't simple. She can still be so calm when facing three Self Release Realm experts. I have to say that such determination is really rare.
However, so what if she isn't simple?
Can she fight against the three of us by herself? "
One against three?
The phantom and the White Emissary shook their heads.
Even though there were strong and weak Self Release Realm experts, and there were those who could fight one against three, it was very rare!
Those people were geniuses amongst geniuses, monstrous geniuses amongst monstrous geniuses!
To put it simply, it was basically impossible to fight one against three!
As if thinking of something, the phantom glanced at the plain-dressed woman. The plain-dressed woman's expression was still calm, without the slightest ripple in her eyes.
The phantom smiled faintly. "Miss is a smart person."
His meaning was very simple. The plain-dressed woman not resisting was a very wise decision.
The plain-dressed woman still didn't speak.
Soon, the few of them saw a grand hall.
Demonic Dao Hall!
Even though the Demonic Dao family clans weren't the top faction in the Dao World, they were considered a super first-rate faction and had a very great influence in the entire Dao World.
Especially now, the Demonic Dao family clans planned to form a marriage alliance with an Emperor Clan. This Emperor Clan was the number one Daoist clan. Once the Demonic Dao family clans formed a marriage alliance with an Emperor Clan, the Demonic Dao family's status in the Dao World would rise once again!
Soon, the phantom and the other two brought the plain-dressed woman into the Demonic Dao Hall. Inside the hall, there was only Mo Yuan.
Mo Yuan looked at the plain-dressed woman. "All of you, withdraw!"
The phantom and the other two quietly withdrew!
Soon, the entire Demonic Dao Hall was sealed off.
Mo Yuan looked at the plain-dressed woman and said with a smile, "I heard that your brother and my Demonic Dao family's eldest daughter are already married. Moreover, the Fifth Dimension's Tendo also said that if we are dissatisfied with this marriage, we can come to you. You will give us a very, very reasonable explanation.
Now, I can tell you that my Demonic Dao family is very dissatisfied with this marriage. Can you give me a very, very reasonable explanation? "
The plain-dressed woman looked at Mo Yuan. "You want an explanation?"
Mo Yuan smiled. "Yes!"
The plain-dressed woman took a step forward. When she took that step, a wisp of sword-light suddenly appeared in front of Mo Yuan.
One step and one sword!
Mo Yuan narrowed his eyes. He hadn't expected that the plain-dressed woman would make a move. However, he didn't panic at all!
This was because he was confident!
However, when that wisp of sword-light appeared in front of him, his expression changed!
What kind of sword was this?
Just as he was about to make a move, he discovered that the sword had already pierced through him!
Between his eyebrows!
Mo Yuan was stunned!
His eyes were filled with disbelief!
What was going on?
How could he have been pierced by this sword?
This was impossible!
Mo Yuan looked at the plain-dressed woman and said with a trembling voice, "You …"
The plain-dressed woman looked at Mo Yuan. "That is my explanation!"
One step and one sword, one sword and one death!
Mo Yuan panicked. "You …"
At this moment, he was truly panicking!
It should be fear!
He was a peak Self Release Realm powerhouse. In the entire Dao World, no one could kill him in one move!
No one!
But this woman in front of him had done it!
Moreover, that sword did not even give him a chance to fight back!
What kind of strength was this?
Above Self Release Realm!
This woman in front of him was above Self Release Realm!
At this moment, Mo Yuan was truly shocked to the extreme!
Heavens, he had actually encountered a powerhouse above Self Release Realm. However, the other party came from the lower realm!
How did she reach above Self Release Realm?
As if he thought of something, Mo Yuan suddenly looked at the plain-dressed woman. "You, you obtained the Dao Scripture!
You obtained the Dao Scripture!
You broke through to above Self Release Realm because of the Dao Scripture! "
The plain-dressed woman did not speak.
Mo Yuan was already somewhat deranged. "The Great Dao's 50 Heavenly Evolutions, 49 Mortal Release Realm … You have read the Dao Scripture, you have read the Dao Scripture, haha …"
The plain-dressed woman suddenly turned and left.
At this moment, Mo Yuan stared at the plain-dressed woman. "Did you break through to above Self Release Realm because of the Dao Scripture?
Is it! "
The plain-dressed woman stopped and turned to look at Mo Yuan. "No."
Mo Yuan roared. His eyes were about to pop out of their sockets. "Impossible!
Without the Dao Scripture, how could you reach above Self Release Realm?
This is absolutely impossible! "
The plain-dressed woman was expressionless. "You are so stupid."
After saying that, she turned and left.
Mo Yuan: "…"
At this moment, the Black and White Envoys and that phantom suddenly appeared in front of the plain-dressed woman. At this moment, the three of them were somewhat stunned.
What was going on?
Why was their family head about to die?
At this moment, Mo Yuan quickly roared. "Let her go!
Let her go! "
The three of them looked at each other. At this moment, the plain-dressed woman suddenly said, "I will not leave for now!"
Mo Yuan looked at the plain-dressed woman. The plain-dressed woman looked back at Mo Yuan. "It was you who asked me to come!"
After saying that, she pointed a finger at the three of them.
A ray of sword light appeared!
The moment they saw this strand of sword light, the faces of the three people changed dramatically. They wanted to resist, but just as they had this thought in their minds, their heads had already flown off!
The three of them were instantly killed!
One sword strike killed three Self Release Realms!
Seeing this scene, Mo Yuan in the distance was petrified.
This sword strike instantly killed three Self Release Realms!
Mo Yuan's mind went blank!
As for the three of them, their eyes were filled with disbelief!
They had died just like that?
Especially the phantom. At this moment, he was completely dumbfounded. What did he just invite back?
Mo Yuan looked at the plain-dressed woman and said with a trembling voice, "Leave!
Please … I beg you! "
The plain-dressed woman shook her head. "I'm not leaving!"
Hearing this, Mo Yuan's expression instantly became fierce. "I invite the ancestor!"
Summon the ancestor!
Bang!
A powerful aura suddenly rushed into the sky from the Demonic Path Hall …
..
PS: May everything be well!





Chapter 1202
Summon the ancestor!
This was Mo Yuan's final trump card!
He'd wanted to ask the woman to leave, but it seemed that she didn't intend to leave!
She wanted to annihilate the Demon Dao Family!
At this time, Mo Yuan could only summon the ancestor!
Could the ancestor of the Demon Dao Family resist this woman?
He didn't know. All he knew was that he had no other way!
All he knew was that the Demon Dao Family had fallen this time!
If the ancestor of the Demon Dao Family couldn't resist this woman, then the Demon Dao Family would be finished!
The plain-dressed woman walked out of the Demonic Path Grand Hall. She looked up into the horizon. In the horizon, there was a black light, and within that black light, a figure gradually condensed.
It didn't take long for a middle-aged man to appear within the black light.
The middle-aged man wore black robes and had long hair that hung down his shoulders. He emanated an extremely formidable aura, and when he appeared, all the experts of the Demon Dao Family knelt to the ground!
Bloodline suppression!
At this moment, all the experts of the Demon Dao Family were incomparably shocked!
Is this the true appearance of the bloodline of the Demon Dao?
Mo Yuan, who hadn't completely vanished, was shocked as well. Is this the limit of the bloodline of the Demon Dao?
He seemed to have thought of something and a bitter expression appeared on his face.
The bloodline of the Demon Dao was so formidable that it was as difficult as ascending to the heavens for future generations to surpass it!
However, this was still a good thing!
Since the ancestor was so strong, he should be able to deal with this woman, right?
In the sky, the ancestor of the Demon Dao Family had a blank look in his eyes. But gradually, that blank look became clear. He looked down at Mo Yuan, and he frowned when he saw the state of Mo Yuan. He turned to look at the woman in a simple dress.
Her expression was calm, and there wasn't the slightest ripple in her eyes.
When the ancestor of the Demon Dao Family saw her, his expression instantly became unprecedentedly solemn, and he said in a low voice, "Do you have some enmity with my Demon Dao Family?"
The woman shook her head. "No!"
The middle-aged man frowned slightly. "Then why did you annihilate my Demon Dao Family?"
The woman looked at the middle-aged man. "It was you who invited me here!"
The middle-aged man was stunned, and then he looked at Mo Yuan in the distance. Mo Yuan had an extremely bitter expression on his face. "We underestimated her!"
The middle-aged man understood when he heard this.
The Demon Dao Family had provoked someone they shouldn't have provoked!
The middle-aged man was silent for a moment, and then he looked at the woman, "What do you intend to do now?"
The woman looked at him, "All must die!"
They all had to die!
The moment his voice fell, a wisp of sword light pierced through the surroundings. In an instant, the powerhouses of the Demonic Path families died one after another!
The middle-aged man narrowed his eyes. "Can you give me some face?"
The plainly dressed woman looked straight at the middle-aged man. "Who do you think you are?"
The middle aged man suddenly clenched his right fist, and he was just about to attack when a strand of sword light pierced the center of his forehead!
Boom!
The middle-aged man disappeared!
Instant kill!
Mo Yuan's face instantly turned pale when he witnessed this scene!
At this moment, he was completely dumbfounded!
Even their ancestor was killed in a second?
Mo Yuan looked at the plain-dressed woman and said with a trembling voice, "You … you …"
The plain-dressed woman didn't speak. She walked away into the distance, and all around the Demonic Path Great Hall.
Heads kept flying into the sky!
Seeing this, Mo Yuan was horrified. He knew that this woman really wanted to exterminate the entire Demon Path Family!
Mo Yuan suddenly looked at the plain-dressed woman and roared, "My Demonic Path family's young miss has already married your big brother!"
The woman in the plain dress stopped in her tracks. She looked at Mo Yuan and said, "Didn't you disagree?"
Mo Yuan quickly said in a trembling voice, "I agree!
I completely agree!
From this moment onward, the Patriarch of my Demon Path Family is Demon Xiao Dao, the one who married your big brother. She is Demon Xiao Dao! "
The plain-dressed woman fell silent.
Mo Yuan hurriedly said, "Your big brother can be considered half a member of my Demon Path Family!"
The plain-dressed woman gently closed her fingers. In an instant, the strand of sword light in the distance vanished.
Mo Yuan instantly heaved a sigh of relief when he saw this.
The plain-dressed woman turned around and walked away. "I'll give face to my big brother!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she'd vanished into the starry sky!
Mo Yuan had an extremely bitter expression on his face.
He didn't even give face to the ancestor of the Demon Path Family, but he gave face to her big brother …
Ye Xuan!
Mo Yuan seemed to have thought of something. He suddenly turned his head and looked towards an old man standing not too far away. This old man was the last Self Release Realm expert of the Demon Path Family!
The target of that strand of sword light just now had actually been this Self Release Realm expert!
This time, the entire Demon Path Family had lost six Self Release Realm experts. It could be said that the entire family had been wiped out!
Mo Yuan looked at the old man and said, "Elder Mo Zhong, in at most a quarter of an hour, I will completely vanish!
You must remember every word I say next. This is related to the future of our Demon Path Family! "
Mo Zhong nodded. "The Patriarch has spoken!"
Mo Yuan took a deep breath and slowly closed his eyes. "That woman's strength has already surpassed the entire Dao World. But I can see that she cares deeply about her big brother, that Ye Xuan!
After I die, immediately send someone to receive Demon Xiao Dao and have her come back to preside over the overall situation!
She has a close relationship with that Ye Xuan. We must use Ye Xuan's strength to revitalize the Demon Path Family! "
Mo Zhong nodded. "Alright!"
Mo Yuan said, "Six Self Release Realm experts of the Demon Path Family have fallen. We are no longer a large family of the Dao World. At this time, it is very likely that we will be swallowed up by others. So, what happens next is very important. You must listen carefully and do as I say!"
Mo Zhong said solemnly, "Sect Master, please speak!"
Mo Yuan looked up at the ends of the starry sky and said, "The Demon Path Family has lost six Self Release Realm experts. This matter will quickly spread throughout the Dao World, and in at most a quarter of an hour, an expert will forcefully enter our territory!
At that time, tell the outside world that my Demon Path Family has found the whereabouts of the Dao Scripture, and that Dao Scripture is in Ye Xuan's possession!
Once the Dao Scripture appears, those people of the Dao World won't care about our Demon Path Family! "
Shift the firepower!
Mo Zhong hesitated for a moment and said, "But in that way, we will be shifting our hatred onto Ye Xuan!
That woman just now … "
Mo Yuan said softly, "There is such an expert behind Ye Xuan. If those people target Ye Xuan, what do you think will happen to them?"
Mo Zhong, "…"
Mo Yuan said, "In order to prevent the Imperial Clans from swallowing up our Demon Path Family, you must bring back Demon Xiao Dao … You can tell the outside world that Ye Xuan has married Demon Xiao Dao. The Imperial Clans will definitely not be able to tolerate this. Even if it is for the sake of face, they will definitely target Ye Xuan!"
As he spoke, he slowly closed his eyes. "We must direct all our hatred onto Ye Xuan!
Only then can our Demon Path Family survive! "
Mo Zhong hesitated for a moment and then said, "But in that way, Ye Xuan and that senior …"
Mo Yuan said softly, "I know what you are worried about. Are you afraid that she will be disgusted by what we do?"
Mo Zhong nodded.
Mo Yuan looked at the end of the horizon. "An expert like her doesn't care whether others plot against her or not … As for Ye Xuan … I am already a dead man!
I can't care so much anymore! "
In the Five-Dimensional Universe, Ye Xuan, "…????"
At this time, Mo Yuan said, "If someone asks you who killed us, you say it was a mysterious expert. If they ask you what realm the other party is at, you say he is at most at the Self Release Realm. However, because the other party is a Swordsman, he is extremely powerful. Moreover, the other party is so powerful because he has read the Dao Scripture.
In short, you must make them feel that they can defeat that plain-dressed woman. Moreover, the reason she left was because she was heavily injured after fighting six Self Release Realm experts by herself. That's why she left. Understand? "
Mo Zhong nodded. "Understood!"
At this time, a powerful aura suddenly appeared in the distant horizon. Mo Yuan looked at that powerful aura, and his body became completely illusory.
Mo Yuan said softly, "What kind of sin has my Demon Dao Family committed … Tendo!
It's that Fifth Dimension Tendo!
We have been tricked by her … "
Fifth Dimension Tendo!
When he said these words, Mo Yuan's eyes were filled with unwillingness and anger!
What did the Fifth Dimension Tendo say?
She and the plain-dressed woman were evenly matched?
Evenly matched?
He even said that if the Demon Dao Family had any dissatisfaction, they could go to the plain-dressed woman for an explanation …
What kind of human speech was that?
Was this even human?
Was there anyone who tricked people like this?
Soon, Mo Yuan disappeared with endless unwillingness!
His soul was completely destroyed!
The plain-dressed woman did not hold back with that sword, so Mo Yuan had completely disappeared from this world!
Just because of the words of the Fifth Dimension Tendo, the super overlords that had existed in the Dao World for countless years were almost completely wiped out!
Without the support of Self Release Realm experts, the current Demon Dao Family would decline at a speed visible to the naked eye. Moreover, if they were not careful, they might be eaten up by others!
Because this world was very realistic!
In the eyes of others, the Demon Dao Family was a piece of juicy meat!
At this moment, a middle-aged man suddenly appeared. It was the Emperor Family Patriarch, Di Linyuan.
Di Linyuan looked around and frowned. Then he looked at Mo Zhong not far away, "What's going on?"
At this moment, his heart was incomparably solemn!
The Demon Dao Family had lost a Sixth Dimension Self Release Realm expert. Did this mean that a super expert that surpassed the Self Release Realm had appeared?
Mo Zhong looked at Di Linyuan and said solemnly, "We have found the whereabouts of the Dao Scripture!"
Dao Scripture!
Hearing this, the Demon Dao Family Patriarch's pupils shrank. In the next moment, he appeared in front of Mo Zhong and stared at Mo Zhong, "Dao Scripture?
Are you joking? "
Mo Zhong shook his head, "Emperor Family Patriarch, do you think I have the mood to joke with you right now?"
Di Linyuan looked at Mo Zhong, "I want to know everything!"
Mo Zhong nodded. He began to tell Di Linyuan what Mo Yuan had told him …
After a long time, Di Linyuan turned to look at the horizon, "The plain-dressed woman who has seen the Dao Scripture!
Interesting! "
His eyes flickered with excitement.
...





Chapter 1203
Dao scripture!
At that moment, Di Linyuan was also excited.
He was pleasantly surprised!
Just like when Mo Yuan had first heard about the Dao scripture!
Dao scripture!
This was something that all Self Release Realm experts could not refuse!
It could be said that the Dao scripture was the hope of all Self Release Realm experts.
All these years, the Imperial Family Patriarchs had been searching for Ye Qingzhi, but there was no news. Now, Ye Qingzhi had appeared.
Di Linyuan suddenly smiled. "Heaven is helping me!"
After saying that, he disappeared.
At that moment, he was no longer in the mood to care about the Demon Dao family!
Soon, the matter of the Demon Dao family spread throughout the Dao World. Then, when the whereabouts of the Dao scripture were spread, the entire Dao World was boiling!
Dao scripture!
The Dao scripture had actually appeared!
That was the supreme divine item of the Dao World!
However, when many people learned that the Dao scripture was in the Five-Dimensional Universe, they immediately felt despair.
They could not even go down to the Six-Dimensional Universe, let alone the Five-Dimensional Universe!
The Cosmos Barrier wasn't a joke!
Only some super powers could use some special methods to go down. Ordinary people did not have that ability!
In the Dao World, there were five major powers: the Divine Court, the Imperial Family, the Immortal Pavilion, the Dao Village, and the former Demon Dao family.
Of course, there were only four major powers left!
The moment they learned of the whereabouts of the Dao scripture, the four major powers suddenly ordered all the experts outside to be recalled …
A Dao scripture caused the entire calm Dao World to boil up.
In the Six-Dimensional Universe.
On this day, the Wen Hall Master once again came to the Tendo's residence.
The Six-Dimensional Tendo was still playing the guqin!
Playing the guqin, reading books, and raising fish — this was the Six-Dimensional Tendo's daily routine.
She was living a carefree life!
In the pavilion, the Wen Hall Master said in a deep voice, "I received news that the Dao World's legendary divine item, the Dao scripture, might be in Ye Xuan's study!"
Dao scripture!
The Six-Dimensional Tendo, who was playing the guqin, stopped and looked at Wen Zhaoruo. "Are you sure?"
Wen Zhaoruo nodded. "It should be true!
The reason that woman is so powerful might be related to the Dao scripture! "
The Six-Dimensional Tendo shook her head. "No!"
Wen Zhaoruo looked at the Six Dimensional Tendo. "What do you mean?"
The Sixth Dimension Tendo said softly, "That woman's strength might be due to herself. This is what I feel!"
Wen Zhaoruo said solemnly, "Without the scripture, she would never have reached that level!"
The Sixth Dimension Tendo looked at Wen Zhaoruo. "We can't achieve it, but it doesn't mean others can't!"
Wen Zhaoruo was silent.
The Sixth Dimension Tendo asked again, "What are your plans?"
Wen Zhaoruo said in a deep voice, "Many people are ready to make a move!"
The Sixth Dimension Tendo shook his head. "Don't move anything.
The strength of that woman is beyond our imagination. "
Wen Zhaoruo nodded. "I know, but the temptation of that scripture is too great!"
The Sixth Dimension Tendo nodded. "Restrain our own people. As for others, try to persuade them if you can. If you really can't, just let them be!"
Wen Zhaoruo nodded. "Alright!"
The Sixth Dimension Tendo said, "Also, inform Ye Xuan and let him know his current situation!"
Wen Zhaoruo hesitated and said, "I think it's better if we don't interfere!"
The Sixth Dimension Tendo shook his head. "We have already formed a good karma with him. We can expand this good karma!"
As she said this, she looked at Wen Zhaoruo. "Zhaoruo, I have seen that woman. That woman's strength has already exceeded my understanding. I don't believe that a scripture can make a person so strong!
Even if she became so strong because of the scripture, she is not someone we can provoke. "
Wen Zhaoruo smiled. "Don't worry. When she almost destroyed my United Hall, I knew that we were not her match!"
The Sixth Dimension Tendo nodded.
Those who have not seen that woman personally would not know how terrifying that woman is!
Another point was that she saw disregard in that woman's eyes!
Disregard for life!
If it wasn't for that Ye Xuan in the lower realm, that woman might have really destroyed the Sixth Dimension with one sword!
She didn't seem to be joking!
At this time, Wen Zhaoruo suddenly said, "The ancient temple seems to be moving too!"
The ancient temple!
The Sixth Dimension Tendo turned her head and looked, saying softly, "I don't care!
I can't do anything! "
Wen Zhaoruo nodded.
They couldn't afford to offend Ye Xuan. They also didn't want to provoke this ancient temple!
As for this Dao World, they didn't want to provoke it!
Now, they only wanted to protect themselves!
At this time, the Sixth Dimension Tendo suddenly got up and left. "I'm going to find someone!"
After saying this, she disappeared.
In the pavilion, Wen Zhaoruo sighed softly. "One wave hasn't even subsided, and another wave rises!"
...
The Sixth Dimension Tendo came to a starry sky. She walked to the front of a cosmic barrier. After passing through it, she reached the Fifth Dimension.
The Sixth Dimension Tendo said in a deep voice, "Are you there?"
At this time, a voice came from outside. "Are you looking for me?"
The person who spoke was the Fifth Dimension Tendo Mu Niannian.
At this moment, Mu Niannian was holding a roasted fish and gnawing on it.
The Sixth Dimension Tendo said in a deep voice, "I received news that the Dao World's supreme divine item, the Dao Scripture, might be in Ye Xuan's study."
The Fifth Dimension Tendo blinked. "Is that so?"
The Sixth Dimension Tendo was a little surprised. "Aren't you surprised?
Also, do you know what the Dao Scripture is? "
The Fifth Dimension Tendo giggled. "What is the Dao Scripture?"
The Sixth Dimension Tendo said in a deep voice, "You know, right?"
The Fifth Dimension Tendo said with a smile, "Just pretend that I know!"
The Sixth Dimension Tendo was silent.
She suddenly realized that this Fifth Dimension Tendo was a little mysterious.
The Fifth Dimension Tendo suddenly said, "Do you have any thoughts about the Dao Scripture?"
The Sixth Dimension Tendo shook her head. "No!
What about you? "
The Fifth Dimension Tendo said with a smile, "I don't either!"
The Sixth Dimension Tendo was puzzled. "Don't you want that Dao Scripture?"
The Fifth Dimension Tendo smiled and said, "That Dao Scripture belongs to someone else. Why would I want it?"
The Sixth Dimension Tendo said in a deep voice, "They have discovered that the Dao Scripture is in your Fifth Dimension. You might be in danger!"
The Fifth Dimension Tendo said with a smile, "It's fine!"
The Sixth Dimension Tendo was a little curious. "Aren't you worried at all?"
The Fifth Dimension Tendo blinked her eyes. "Worried about what?"
The Sixth Dimension Tendo said in a deep voice, "The Dao World and the ancient temple will target Ye Xuan. Moreover, Ye Xuan is in the Fifth Dimension. Those people have the ability to destroy the Fifth Dimension!"
The Fifth Dimension Tendo shook her head and smiled. "It's useless for me to worry!
Don't you think so? "
After a moment of silence, the Sixth Dimension Tendo said, "Are you very strong?"
The Fifth Dimension Tendo blinked her eyes. "I'm not strong, I'm not strong at all!"
The Sixth Dimension Tendo shook her head. "But I feel that you are very strong!"
The Fifth Dimension Tendo said with a smile, "It must be a misconception, haha!"
The Sixth Dimension Tendo took a deep look in front of her. "No matter what, take care!"
After saying that, she turned around and disappeared.
Outside the barrier of the universe, the Fifth Dimension Tendo gently nibbled on the grilled fish in her hand. Then, she shook her head and sighed. "There are really more and more troublesome things!"
"I thought you were going to hide for the rest of your life!"
At this time, a voice came from behind the Fifth Dimension Tendo.
The Fifth Dimension Tendo turned around and looked at the speaker.
It was the Little Daoist.
The Fifth Dimension Tendo said with a smile, "I just strolled around!"
Xiao Dao stared at the Fifth Dimension Tendo. "What is going to happen?"
The Fifth Dimension Tendo said with a smile, "Do you know about the Dao Scripture?"
Dao Scripture!
Hearing this, Xiao Dao's expression changed. "Of course I know!"
At this point, she seemed to have thought of something, and her pupils suddenly shrank. "Don't, don't tell me that there is a Dao Scripture in that study room!"
The Fifth Dimension Tendo said with a smile, "Congratulations, you guessed it right!"
Xiao Dao: "…"
Xiao Dao's expression became extremely grave.
Dao Scripture!
That was what all Self Release Realm experts pursued!
Back then, the strongest expert in the Dao World, Ye Lanting, relied on a remnant page to become the strongest expert in the Dao World!
If there was an entire Dao Scripture …
As if thinking of something, Xiao Dao looked at the Fifth Dimension Tendo. "The prophet is Ye Qingzhi who disappeared from the Dao World back then!"
The Fifth Dimension Tendo said with a smile, "It should be!"
Xiao Dao said in a deep voice, "What about Ye Xuan?"
The Fifth Dimension Tendo said with a smile, "What else can we do?
It's nothing! "
Xiao Dao looked at the Fifth Dimension Tendo. "Do you know what that Dao Scripture means?"
Xiao Dao said with a smile, "I know."
Xiao Dao looked at the Fifth Dimension Tendo and did not speak.
The Fifth Dimension Tendo said, "Don't keep thinking about me!
Also, something should have happened to your Demon Dao Family!
You must be mentally prepared! "
Xiao Dao frowned slightly. "What do you mean?"
The Fifth Dimension Tendo said with a smile, "As far as I know, your Demon Dao Family might have gone to look for the plain-dressed woman!"
Xiao Dao's expression froze.
Looking for the plain-dressed woman?
Had the Demon Dao Family gone mad?
Xiao Dao looked at the Fifth Dimension Tendo. "You were the one who told them to go, right?"
The Fifth Dimension Tendo quickly shook his head. "I did not do it!
I just told them that she is Ye Xuan's little sister and that they should not provoke her!
But it seems that your Demon Dao Family did not listen to me! "
Xiao Dao sighed softly.
Blame the Fifth Dimension Tendo?
They definitely could not be blamed!
If they wanted to blame someone, they could only blame the stupidity of the Demon Dao Family!
Looking for the plain-dressed woman?
They were really tired of living!
The Fifth Dimension Tendo suddenly said, "I still have something to do, so I will take my leave first!"
After saying that, she turned around and disappeared!
Xiao Dao was stunned. She looked around and could not feel the aura of the Fifth Dimension Tendo at all!
This woman ran away again!
After a moment of silence, Xiao Dao sighed softly and turned around to leave.
She did not want to care about the matters of the Demon Dao Family anymore!
...
In the Sixth Dimension, on top of a sacred mountain, there was a very old temple. No one knew the origin of this temple.
On this day, the temple's door, which had been closed for countless years, suddenly opened. Then, a woman carrying a bamboo basket walked out.
The woman was wearing a cloth hat, monk robes, and a pair of straw sandals. After she walked out of the temple, she turned around and respectfully bowed to the temple. Then, she walked down the mountain …
...
Dao World.
Not long after the Demon Dao Family's incident, the entire Dao World began to frantically search for the plain-dressed woman.
The plain-dressed woman!
Because it was said that the plain-dressed woman had read the Dao Scripture and knew the contents of the Dao Scripture, countless forces were frantically searching for the plain-dressed woman. They all hoped that they could be the first to find the plain-dressed woman who was seriously injured …
Seriously injured!
It was said that the injury was very serious!
....
PS: Recently, my gums have been swollen and painful. Does anyone have any good medicine to recommend?
This is really unbearable!
My handsome face is swollen!
I can endure the toothache, but I absolutely cannot endure it affecting my handsomeness!





Chapter 1204
In truth, the experts of the Sixth Dimension were still very afraid of the plainly dressed woman!
This was a super expert that had killed a Sixth Dimension Self Release Realm expert!
How terrifying was this kind of person?
But there were still many factions that went to search for the plainly dressed woman because it was said that she had been heavily injured after fighting against the Sixth Dimension super experts of the Demon Path Clan!
Heavily injured!
One could imagine how heavily injured she would be if she fought against six Self Release Realm experts!
Without a doubt, the plainly dressed woman was definitely very, very weak. Perhaps a half-step Self Release Realm expert would be able to kill her!
In the entire Sixth Dimension, not only some old factions, but even some small factions were madly searching for the plainly dressed woman.
Dao scriptures!
That woman had read dao scriptures!
Just as countless experts of the Sixth Dimension were searching for the plainly dressed woman, the Demon Path Clan had quietly disappeared. At the same time, the Demon Path Clan's Mo Zhong left the Sixth Dimension and headed for the Fifth Dimension.
...
Fifth Dimension.
Ye Xuan didn't know that something big had happened in the Sixth Dimension. He was cultivating every day and then sparring with An Lanxiu, Xiao Qi, and the others!
It had to be said that during this period of time, the entire Fifth Dimension had undergone earth-shattering changes!
Because with the help of the Spirit Of Dark Race and other large factions, more and more talented experts were breaking through. Moreover, the Fifth Dimension was madly searching for those talented people!
In the past, many people had talent but didn't have the opportunity. Now, Ye Xuan had given them this opportunity!
As long as you had talent, worked hard enough, and didn't have a bad personality, the Fifth Dimension would provide you with free cultivation resources. Not only that, there were also countless super experts to guide you!
Although the Fifth Dimension didn't have any Self Release Realm experts, there were more and more half-step Self Release Realm experts, especially the Origin Shattering Realm and Void Shattering Realms!
The overall strength of the Fifth Dimension couldn't be compared to the past!
In a certain void, Ye Xuan stood with his sword in hand. Facing him was Xiao Qi.
Xiao Qi looked at Ye Xuan, "The move you used just now is called Sword Sense?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Xiao Qi said in a low voice, "What is Sword Sense?"
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "This is our belief in the Sword Doctrine. With our belief …"
Xiao Qi suddenly said, "I understand!"
Ye Xuan, "I …?"
Seven suddenly sheathed his sword, "I need to go into seclusion for a few days. At that time, I will fight you one on one!"
With that, she turned around and left.
Ye Xuan was dumbfounded.
Understood just like that?
I'm not done yet!
At this moment, a voice suddenly sounded from behind him. "She's very special!"
Ye Xuan turned around and saw that it was Ah Jiu and Situ.
Ye Xuan looked at Ah Jiu. "Senior Sister, why do you say that?"
Just as Ah Jiu was about to speak, Situ suddenly said, "She has a trace of reincarnation on her. I think she isn't her!"
Ye Xuan was silent.
He understood what Situ meant!
However, he didn't want to think too much about it. In his opinion, Xiao Qi was Xiao Qi!
Seemingly thinking of something, Ye Xuan reined in his thoughts and looked at Ah Jiu. "Speaking of which, Senior Sister, can you guys defeat a Self Release Realm expert?"
Self Release Realm!
He knew that the two girls in front of him were only half-step to the peak stage of the Self Release Tier!
Ah Jiu picked up the wine gourd at her waist and took a big gulp, then said, "If I can't challenge someone of a higher tier, what kind of Swordsman is that?"
Ye Xuan gave a thumbs-up. "Senior Sister is fierce!"
As she spoke, she looked at Situ. Situ snickered. "Whether I can defeat a Self Release Tier or not, I don't know, but I know that I can defeat you!"
Ye Xuan smiled, and didn't speak.
Not to mention …
He really wasn't afraid of Situ!
Because his cultivation level was already at the Shattering Void Tier, and with Xiao Ta, he himself wasn't afraid of a Self Release Tier elite!
Especially Xiao Ta — he hadn't used the power of this thing until now!
At this time, Ah Jiu suddenly said, "You want to take the whole Fifth Dimension to resist the Fifth Dimension tribulation?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Gather the power of the Fifth Dimension!"
Ah Jiu was silent.
Ye Xuan smiled, and said, "Senior Sister, do you have any thoughts?"
Ah Jiu said softly, "If the Fifth Dimension tribulation really appears, ordinary people won't be able to do anything!"
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "I have an idea!"
Ah Jiu and Situ looked at Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan smiled, and said, "It's just an idea. I don't know if I can be sure. Anyway, when everyone's strength has increased, I'm prepared to give it a try!"
Ah Jiu looked at Ye Xuan. "Let's wait and see!"
After saying so, she picked up the wine gourd and took a big gulp.
Ye Xuan smiled, and then said, "Senior Sister, Miss Situ, I might need your help at that time!"
These two people before him could be said to be the two strongest people in the Fifth Dimension apart from the Tendo!
He already knew!
As for whether there were any hidden elites in the Fifth Dimension, he didn't know!
Ah Jiu nodded. "Just call us when there's a fight!"
Ye Xuan suddenly asked, "Can you summon your ancestors?"
Ah Jiu looked at Ye Xuan. "Why are you asking about this?"
Ye Xuan smiled awkwardly, and said, "I'm just asking!"
Ah Jiu said, "Grandmaster once left behind an item, but none of us have been able to open it!"
Ye Xuan blinked his eyes. "Can you give it to me?"
The two women looked at Ye Xuan, and Ye Xuan said seriously, "I'm also a descendant of the Banished Immortals Island!"
Ah Jiu looked at Ye Xuan, and no one can compare to your shamelessness! "
After saying so, she turned around and left.
Situ looked at Ye Xuan, and said, "It's not shamelessness at all, it's shamelessness!
I admire you! "
After saying so, she also turned around and left.
Ye Xuan was speechless.
...
On this day, an old man suddenly came to the Tendo Pawnshop.
This person was Mo Zhong.
Xiao Dao looked at Mo Zhong in front of him and did not speak.
Mo Zhong quickly bowed respectfully, and said, "Missy!"
Xiao Dao said calmly, "I'm not your missy."
Mo Zhong smiled bitterly, and said, "The Demonic Dao Family is gone!"
Xiao Dao frowned slightly, and said, "What do you mean?"
Demon Ancestor sighed softly, and said, "The family went to find that plain-dressed woman and invited her back to the Demonic Dao Family …"
"Fools!"
Xiao Dao suddenly shouted angrily, and said, "You really are fools!"
Mo Zhong nodded, and said, "This time, our Demonic Dao Family was extremely stupid!"
Xiao Dao said solemnly, and said, "What was the result?"
Mo Zhong said solemnly, and said, "Apart from me, all the Self Release Realm experts were killed. Apart from that, most of the experts in the family were killed by her!"
Xiao Dao looked at Mo Zhong, and said, "Why did they let you go?"
Mo Zhong hesitated for a moment, and then said, "The family head agreed to your marriage with Ye Xuan, and then he said that Ye Xuan is half a member of our Demonic Dao Family …"
Xiao Dao's eyes slowly closed!
As expected, that woman would only give face to Ye Xuan. Besides Ye Xuan, that woman would not give face to anyone else!
Mo Zhong said in a low voice, "Missy, before the family died, they said that from this moment onwards, you are the family head of the Demonic Dao Family."
Xiao Dao sneered, and said, "You want to use me to use that Ye Xuan!"
Mo Zhong's smile became even more bitter, and he said, "We only hope to survive and preserve a trace of the Demonic Dao Family's inheritance."
As he spoke, he looked at Xiao Dao, and said, "Missy, only you can carry the banner of our Demonic Dao Family's revival!"
Xiao Dao shook her head, and she said, "I have no relationship with the Demonic Dao Family anymore!"
Mo Zhong was anxious in his heart, and he hurriedly said, "Missy, I know you hate the family for treating you like that in the past. It was the family's fault, but now …"
As he spoke, he smiled bitterly, and said, "Now that the family is like this, if no one carries it, then everyone in the Demonic Dao Family might die!
You should know that the Dao World is crueler than any other place! "
Xiao Dao said indifferently, "That has nothing to do with me!"
Mo Zhong hesitated for a moment, and then he said, "Missy …"
Xiao Dao looked at Mo Zhong, and then she said, "I can't save the Demonic Dao Family!"
Mo Zhong said bitterly, "If Missy doesn't do anything, then the Demonic Dao Family will be reduced to a subsidiary family of someone else. At that time, the fate of everyone in the Demonic Dao Family will be in the hands of someone else!"
Xiao Dao fell silent.
Mo Zhong wanted to say something, but a voice suddenly sounded out from outside the door. "Why is it your Demonic Dao Family again!?"
Mo Zhong turned to look, and a man walked in!
The person who came was Ye Xuan!
Mo Zhong glanced at Ye Xuan, and he said, "You are?"
Xiao Dao suddenly said, "He is Ye Xuan!"
Ye Xuan!
Mo Zhong was stunned, and then he hurriedly said, "So it is Young Master Ye … No, it should be Young Master Ye!"
Young Master!
Ye Xuan was stunned.
Xiao Dao, "…"
Ye Xuan looked at Xiao Dao, a little confused.
This Demonic Dao Family called him Young Master?
What was going on?
Xiao Dao looked at Mo Zhong, "Don't talk nonsense!"
Mo Zhong hurriedly said, "I won't talk nonsense. The family has already agreed to the two of you being together. Young Master Ye is my Demonic Dao Family's Young Master!
This is a fact that no one can change! "
Ye Xuan's expression became a little strange!
Young Master?
What the hell?
Ye Xuan was about to speak when Xiao Dao suddenly said, "I said I won't care about the Demonic Dao Family's matters!
You can leave! "
Mo Zhong's expression became a little awkward. He hesitated for a moment, and then he looked at Ye Xuan, and said, "Young Master Ye, please persuade Miss!"
Ye Xuan smiled, "Persuade her for what?
Your Demonic Dao Family was very unfriendly when they came here before! "
Mo Zhong said in a deep voice, "They're already dead!"
Ye Xuan frowned slightly, "What do you mean?"
Mo Zhong glanced at Ye Xuan, and then he said, "Young Master Ye doesn't know what's in that study?"
Ye Xuan was even more stunned when he heard this. "Do you know what's in that study?"
Mo Zhong said in a low voice, "Supposedly, the prophet was the Dao World's Ye Qingzhi, and the number one divine treasure of the Dao World, the Dao Scripture, was in that study!"
The Dao Scripture!
Ye Xuan looked at Xiao Dao, "The prophet was that Ye Qingzhi?"
Xiao Dao glanced at Ye Xuan, and then he said, "It should be. His ancestor was an extraordinary expert called Ye Lanting. She was extremely strong, and she was publicly acknowledged as the number one expert in the Dao World. She was the first expert to attain the Self Release Realm!
The reason she was able to attain the Self Release Realm was because of a damaged page of the Dao Scripture!
He broke through to the Self Release Realm before the age of 20, so the people of the Dao World believed that the complete Dao Scripture was in his hands. Thus, countless experts joined forces to annihilate the Ye Family, but Ye Qingzhi vanished! "
As she spoke, she paused for a moment, and then she said, "If the prophet was really Ye Qingzhi, and if the Dao Scripture really is in that study, then I can take responsibility and tell you that those Self Release Realm experts of the Dao World will fight you to the death!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
.....





Chapter 1205
It had to be said that Ye Xuan felt a headache coming on!
Prophet!
At this moment, he thought of the karma prophet that the ponytailed woman had told him about!
He had three great karmas on him. It was clear that the karma prophet had come!
In fact, when he came to the Fifth Dimension, the karma prophet had already started.
Ye family!
Hearing Xiao Dao's words, Ye Xuan roughly understood the situation.
Ye Qing knew that this was the true identity of the prophet!
And the other party had taken away the Fifth Dimension treasure, the "Dao Scripture". Now that the book was in his hands, this meant that the Fifth Dimension expert definitely believed that the Dao Scripture was in his hands!
However, whether the book had the Dao Scripture or not, he really did not know!
Of course, the main problem now was that he had one more enemy!
All the Self Release Realm experts in the entire Dao World!
Ye Xuan shook his head.
Was he really a person condemned by heaven?
He had not even left the Fifth Dimension, and he already had another group of super experts as enemies.
Xiao Dao suddenly said, "You seem to be very vexed!"
Ye Xuan looked at Xiao Dao. "What do you think?"
Xiao Dao said calmly, "I'll tell you a piece of good news. They believe that the plain-dressed woman has seen the Dao Scripture. They are now searching for her all over the world!"
Ye Xuan: "…"
Xiao Dao looked at Ye Xuan. "Are you happy now?"
Ye Xuan said gravely, "Will she be in danger?"
Xiao Dao did not speak, but Mo Zhong suddenly said with a bitter smile, "What is young master Ye saying!
How could that senior be in danger? "
He had personally seen the terrifying strength of the plain-dressed woman. Killing Self Release Realm experts was like killing chickens!
Even the ancestor of the demonic path clan had not been able to block her sword!
Would she be in danger?
The Dao World should be in danger!
Xiao Dao also said, "Rather than worrying about her, you should worry more about yourself.
When they realize how terrifying she is, they will wake up. When they wake up, who do you think they will look for? "
Ye Xuan pointed at himself. "Me!"
Xiao Dao nodded. "Congratulations, you got it right!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Let's do it then!"
Now, he had come to terms with it!
There were a lot of enemies anyway, so a few more wouldn't make a difference!
There was no need to worry about too many debts. In any case, he would not pay them back!
There was nothing to be afraid of having too many enemies. After all, they might not be able to defeat them!
At this time, Xiao Dao suddenly looked at Mo Zhong, "How many powerhouses do the demonic path families have left?"
Mo Zhong said solemnly, "I am the only Self Release Realm. Other than me, there should be around 30 who are half a step into Self Release Realm. There should be around a few hundred Returning to Origin Breaking Realm."
The reason there were so many left was naturally because the simple dressed woman didn't slaughter them. In addition, there was another reason, and that was that not all the powerhouses of the Demonic Path families were in the Demonic Path Main Hall. A large portion of them were outside!
If they were all in the Demonic Path Grand Hall and this plainly dressed woman didn't show any mercy, then the entire Demonic Path Family Clan would be exterminated!
Hearing Mo Zhong's words, Ye Xuan's eyelids jumped up. This Demonic Path family clan was a bit terrifying!
Soon, his face darkened.
If a Fiend Dao family was already so terrifying, would the other forces in the Dao World be inferior?
Damn it!
Thinking of this, Ye Xuan's heart couldn't help but burn with anger. Although he didn't leave the Fifth Dimension, his enemies would come!
Not far away, Xiao Dao's face was a little gloomy.
Although the core strength of the Demonic Path families hadn't been lost, without a high level Self Release realm powerhouse suppressing them, it didn't matter how many core strengths they had!
In the Dao World, the number of Self Release Realm experts determined a family's status!
But now, the Demonic Path Families no longer had any status!
Xiao Dao glanced at Ye Xuan before turning to look at Mo Zhong. "As the head of the family, will anyone listen to me?"
Mo Zhong hurriedly said.
"Of course!
Don't worry, Young Miss. If anyone in the family dares to object, the Old Man will personally twist off their head! "
It could be said that the current Demon Xiao Dao was the only hope of the Demon Dao families!
Xiao Dao nodded. "Good. From now on, I am the Patriarch of the Demon Dao families!"
Mo Zhong instantly heaved a sigh of relief when he heard this.
At the beginning, he had truly been afraid!
If Xiao Dao didn't take over the Demon Dao families, then the Demon Dao families could only become the subsidiary families of others!
Because only in this way could the Demon Dao families survive. But if they did that, then it would be difficult for the Demon Dao families to rise again.
If they became the subsidiary families of others, then they would be suppressed in secret!
Because this was what the Demon Dao families did!
Xiao Dao looked at Ye Xuan. "I want the Demon Dao families to join the Fifth Dimension Alliance!"
Ye Xuan was stunned, and then he said, "Are you sure?"
Xiao Dao nodded.
Mo Zhong wanted to say something but hesitated. At this time, Xiao Dao looked at him and sent him a voice transmission. "The greatest backing of the Fifth Dimension Alliance is that woman!"
Mo Zhong hurriedly nodded. "Good, good. If our Demon Dao families can join the Fifth Dimension Alliance, then that would be our honor!"
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Xiao Dao, don't blame me for not reminding you. As you said before, my enemies might come from the entire Dao World. If you and I form an alliance, then your Demon Dao families …"
Little Daoist looked at Ye Xuan. "I have a selfish motive. That is, we are in an alliance. However, we will not announce it to the public. However, the Demon Clan will do everything they can to help you in secret!
Whether it is facing the experts of the Dao World or when you go to the Dao World in the future, we will always stand by your side!
What do you think? "
Ye Xuan nodded. "Alright!"
Having a Demon Dao family join them was naturally an extremely good thing for the Fifth Dimension Alliance!
Xiao Dao nodded. "Then I will return to the Dao World with him!"
Ye Xuan seemed to have thought of something. He suddenly pointed with his fingers, and a white jade bottle appeared in front of Xiao Dao.
Xiao Dao looked at Ye Xuan. "What is this?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "This is my blood. Perhaps it will be useful to you!"
Xiao Dao looked at Ye Xuan and then opened the white jade bottle. When he saw the blood, Mo Zhong's complexion immediately changed!
At this moment, he was incomparably shocked!
Bloodline power!
The bloodline power of his Demon Dao family was extraordinary. It could be said that in the entire Dao World, only the bloodline of the Emperor Clans could suppress them.
But at this moment, when he saw Ye Xuan's bloodline, he could see how extraordinary it was!
Ye Xuan's bloodline power was even more tyrannical and formidable than the bloodline of his Demon Dao family!
Mo Zhong deeply looked at Ye Xuan. Was this fellow the reincarnation of some Almighty?
Even if he wasn't the reincarnation of some Almighty, his ancestor must have been an extremely terrifying super Almighty!
Xiao Dao put away the white jade bottle and then said, "Goodbye!"
After saying that, she looked at Mo Zhong. "Let's go!"
Mo Zhong nodded. He looked at Ye Xuan and bowed slightly. "Son-in-law, take care!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Xiao Dao shook her head slightly and didn't explain anything. She didn't want to explain either. She knew that she had to rely on Ye Xuan to suppress all the people from the Demon Dao family.
Soon, Xiao Dao and Mo Zhong disappeared from the pawnshop.
In the pawnshop, Ye Xuan looked at the scene and suddenly sighed.
He was still somewhat reluctant to part with Xiao Dao. He really treated her as a very good friend!
Friend!
At this moment, he thought of many people!
Dao World!
Fifth Dimension Tribulation!
At this moment, he suddenly felt that the burden on his body was very heavy.
....
When Xiao Dao and Mo Zhong arrived at a starry sky, a woman suddenly blocked in front of them.
Tendo!
Mo Zhong looked at Tendo, his eyes filled with wariness.
Tendo took out a stick of tanghulu and licked it. Then, she looked at Xiao Dao. "You're going to be the Patriarch?"
Xiao Dao calmly said, "Yes!"
Tiandao laughed and said, "Do you hate me?"
Xiao Dao was silent.
It had to be said that the Demon Dao family's current situation was greatly related to this woman!
Was this woman a demon?
She instigated others to find this plain-dressed woman!
And the Demon Dao family still went to find her!
Ai!
Xiao Dao shook her head. "Why would I hate you?"
She didn't have the qualifications to blame Tendo. This was completely the Demon Dao family's fault!
Tendo smiled. "It's not a good time for you to go back now."
Xiao Dao spoke in a low voice. "I'll go back and manage the Demon Dao family. It'll be of help to him!"
Mo Zhong's eyelids twitched. Why does my Young Miss seem to be siding with an outsider!?
Heavenly Dao laughed and said, "You're right!"
As she spoke, she blinked and said, "I've calculated with my fingers. You'll have a difficult time going to the Dao World. I have a plan that can keep you safe. Do you want to hear it?"
Xiao Dao looked at Tendo. "What are you trying to say?"
Tendo smiled. "I've calculated what's going to happen next. Didn't you run away from your marriage?
Do you think that the Imperial Family will let you go?
They won't!
Especially when your Demon Dao family is weak now!
So, once you go up there, the man from the Imperial Family who wants to marry you will definitely come looking for you. He'll definitely cause trouble for you because of face. You and your Demon Dao family are completely unable to resist him, right? "
Xiao Dao's face sank.
Mo Zhong's face was extremely gloomy as well. He'd almost forgotten about this matter!
Xiao Dao suddenly said, "What plan?"
Tendo said seriously, "This plan is to use a man's so-called pride to divert his hatred!"
Xiao Dao frowned. "What do you mean?"
Tendo said seriously, "If he comes looking for you, tell him that Ye Xuan is very outstanding, very, very outstanding, and he's the number one person in the younger generation!"
As she spoke, she licked the candied fruit and continued. "So long as you say that, if he's a person with strength and intelligence, he'll definitely want to compete with Ye Xuan and defeat Ye Xuan with his own hands. Then, he'll come looking for you and tell you that your judgment is really bad!
If he's an idiot, he'll definitely charge down and kill Ye Xuan immediately … In any case, no matter what, he'll only come looking for Ye Xuan.
Because a man can't stand a woman talking about how outstanding another man is in front of him. He'll prove to you that he's better than Ye Xuan!
So, he'll definitely come looking for Ye Xuan. This way, your troubles will be temporarily resolved! "
Mo Zhong, "…"
Xiao Dao looked at Tendo and didn't say anything.
Tendo continued, "After you go up, if you don't want the Demon Dao Family to have more troubles, you have to tell those Self Release experts that the Dao Scripture is indeed in Ye Xuan's hands. Moreover, Ye Xuan is about to break through to Self Release. If they don't come looking for Ye Xuan quickly, Ye Xuan will become invincible with the help of the Dao Scripture!
This way, they won't have the mood to care about your Demon Dao Family, and you can lead the Demon Dao Family to recover! "
Xiao Dao said in a low voice, "Is it really good to treat him like this?"
Tendo blinked. "Feeling sorry for him?"
Xiao Dao, "…"
Tendo smiled and said, "Don't feel sorry for him, his life is very tough, it's hard for him to die under normal circumstances!"
Ye Xuan, "…??"
Xiao Dao suddenly walked in front of Tendo and hugged Tendo. She whispered into Tendo's ear, "Big sister, there are many times when I feel that you're even scarier than the plain-dressed woman. The plain-dressed woman doesn't play tricks when she kills, but when you kill, you play tricks!"
.....
PS: I recommend a book written by Zongheng Great God, 'Glorious Sun and Moon'. It's in Zongheng. Those who like history, you can take a look. You definitely won't be disappointed!
After growing wisdom teeth, I've been in so much pain for the past two days that I feel dizzy!
Writing two chapters in two days … I really can't take it anymore. I'm going to the hospital to have my teeth pulled out!





Chapter 1206
Playing dirty!
Xiao Dao was a little afraid of the Tendo in front of her, but she knew that this woman had no intention of harming her!
Otherwise, she would have been long gone!
Thinking of this, Xiao Dao said, "Thank you for your guidance and help, thank you."
After saying that, she and Mo Zhong disappeared into the starry sky.
In the field, the Fifth Dimension Tendo licked her sugar-coated haws and shook her head with a smile.
At this time, a voice came from beside her. "Are you helping her?"
The Fifth Dimension Tendo rolled her eyes. "Am I that bad in your heart?"
The voice said softly, "You were before!"
The Fifth Dimension Tendo: "…"
The voice said again, "There is one thing I don't understand. You want this universe to survive, but why don't you hide in the dark and let Ye Xuan fight to the death with those experts?"
The Fifth Dimension Tendo said with a smile, "Because those people are likely to destroy the entire Fifth Dimension!"
The voice said in a deep voice, "If you take action, can you stop them from destroying the Fifth Dimension?"
The Fifth Dimension Tendo shook her head with a smile. "You don't understand."
The voice said, "That's why I asked!"
The Fifth Dimension Tendo said with a smile, "Ye Xuan is someone from the Fifth Dimension. He has no evil intentions towards this universe. Based on this, I should stand on his side, understand?"
The voice said again, "But I feel that you are not completely on his side!"
The Fifth Dimension Tendo said with a smile, "People's hearts are fickle!
However, I don't think this guy will change so easily. Although he is very slippery, his temperament is still very good! "
As she said that, she looked up at the depths of the starry sky. "That woman is going to deal with more powerful people. The current her has no time to care about him. Without her suppression, this universe is really a bit dangerous!
Especially Ye Xuan, that troublemaker. "
The voice said, "You can let him leave the Fifth Dimension!"
The Fifth Dimension Tendo shook her head. "He is the person I chose, I can't let him leave like this!"
The voice asked again, "Why don't you do what you want to do yourself?"
Tendo shook his head helplessly. "I've thought about it before, but you've seen it for yourself!
Those people always think that I'm harming them, and they want to defy the heavens at every turn!
To be honest, I have never done anything to let down the common people in my life!
There were also some people who were even funnier, saying that the Tendo was heartless. Please, it was their own sin, yet they were blaming me for being heartless. Was there still any law?
Was there any justice in this world?
Also, when some people encounter difficulties, they like to say that fate is unfair, the heavens are unfair … Actually, I really want to say to them, 'Screw your grandmother, I don't even know you, what does your miserable fate have to do with me?'
You're blaming me for your own problems! "
With that said, she shook her head again. "Really, it's too difficult for me!"
The voice: "…"
Tendo licked the tanghulu and continued, "I remember there was a person in the past who said something that made countless human cultivators boil. He said, 'If people don't obey me, I'll kill them. If the heavens don't kill me, I'll slaughter the heavens.'"
The voice said, "And then?"
Tendo said indifferently, "I sent a bolt of divine lightning to him, then he couldn't resist it and turned into ashes!"
The voice: "…"
Tendo shook her head and sighed. "Many humans have a bad temper and are very arrogant, but they don't have the strength.
If they don't have the strength, can't they have a little temper? "
With that said, she looked to the right. "Look at me, when I faced the plain-dressed woman, didn't I have a temper at all?"
The voice said in a deep voice, "You really can't beat her?"
Tiandao blinked. "Do you have some kind of misunderstanding about my abilities?
Or do you have some misunderstanding about her strength? "
The voice said, "I think you're very powerful!"
Tendo smiled. "It's just so-so!"
The voice said in a deep voice, "Even you can't beat that woman …"
Tendo nodded. "I can't beat her. No one in the Sixth Dimension can beat her, and no one in the Dao World can beat her. Perhaps only the person she is looking for can fight her!"
The voice said, "Who?"
Tendo said with a light smile, "The biggest karma of Ye Xuan!"
The voice said in a deep voice, "Is that karma very big?"
Tendo nodded. "Very, very big. If it wasn't for the plain-dressed woman and the green-robed man suppressing him, I really don't know what the fate of Ye Xuan would be like.
He definitely wouldn't die, but his life's fate should be a different scenery! "
The voice said, "You can investigate!"
Tiandao rolled his eyes. "Investigate my a * s!
I don't have nothing better to do!
However, I'm really a bit curious! "
The voice urged, "Why don't you investigate?"
Tendo shook her head. "There's no point in investigating. Let nature take its course!
In fact, the Prophet's karma isn't simple. However, he chose the wrong person!
No, in terms of karma, he deliberately chose Ye Xuan. However, he underestimated the strength of the plain-dressed woman and the green-robed man from the lower realm!
He couldn't suppress the plain-dressed woman and the green-robed man, so he was suppressed by them!
But no matter what, he and Ye Xuan … Sigh, in any case, there's only Ye Xuan now, there's no Prophet! "
The voice said, "Can you tell me more details?"
Tendo said with a smile, "Samsara has never defeated someone with backing!
It's that simple! "
That voice: "…"
Tendo said again, "No matter. Although he killed the Prophet, the karma of the Prophet has fallen on him.
Now, he's in big trouble! "
Saying that, she looked around. "I have to hide for a while to avoid the limelight!"
After saying that, she turned around and slipped away.
The voice said, "You're so powerful. What are you afraid of?"
Tendo said with a smile, "Unless you're invincible, don't let others know how powerful you are. This way, you can always pretend to be weak and eat the tiger. Understand?"
That voice: "…"
...
After Ye Xuan returned to the Wu Clan, he went straight to Guan Yin.
In the room.
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Things might change again!"
Guan Yin looked at Ye Xuan. "What's wrong?"
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "I have some more enemies."
Upon hearing that, Guan Yin frowned slightly. "What do you mean?"
Ye Xuan told her about the Dao World.
Guan Yin's face was gloomy. After a moment of silence, she looked at Ye Xuan. "Don't tell me you want to hand over the study house?"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "I can't hand it over!"
Upon hearing that, Guan Yin's expression relaxed. "Indeed, you can't hand it over. This thing might really be able to resist the Fifth Dimension Tribulation. If you hand it over, many people in the Fifth Dimension will die!
No, at least 99% of them will die! "
Ye Xuan nodded. "But the problem now is that the Dao World might come looking for trouble with us!"
Guan Yin looked at Ye Xuan. "What about her?"
This' her 'naturally referred to the plain-dressed woman.
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "She's in the Dao World. I don't know what she's doing!
Also, we can't place all our hopes on her! "
Guan Yin said, "What do you think?"
Ye Xuan thought for a moment and said, "It's impossible for too many experts from the Dao World to come to our Fifth Dimension. It's the same as the Sixth Dimension. If they want to come down, they must pass through the barrier of the cosmos. In other words, there won't be many of them. But those that can come down are definitely very strong, at least half-step Self Release or First Release!
Currently, half-step Self Release Realm experts aren't a threat to us. The greatest threat to us are First Release Realm experts! "
First Release Realm!
Guan Yin fell silent.
The current Fifth Dimension didn't even have a single First Release Realm expert!
Ye Xuan looked at Guan Yin. "We must have the ability to kill First Release Realm experts. I have an idea, and that is to construct an array. This array can be used to defend against the Fifth Dimension Tribulation and can also be used to deal with people outside the Fifth Dimension!"
Guan Yin said in a deep voice, "Tell me!"
Ye Xuan said, "I'll construct a super array, the kind that can gather the power of all the experts in the Fifth Dimension. Then, I'll be the eye of the array and gather the power of all living beings. I'll deal with the Fifth Dimension Tribulation and the super experts outside the Fifth Dimension."
Guan Yin frowned. "That's not very realistic!
Even with this kind of array, I'm afraid you won't be able to withstand … "
After saying this, she suddenly stopped.
Who had the strongest corporeal body in the entire Fifth Dimension?
It was definitely Ye Xuan!
Ye Xuan's corporeal body had already reached a very abnormal level!
If there really was such an array, then perhaps only Ye Xuan would be able to withstand such a powerful force!
Ye Xuan looked at Guan Yin. "This is the method I thought of to deal with the Fifth Dimension Tribulation!
If that study room is useless, then what do we do?
Therefore, we must have the ability to resist the Fifth Dimension Tribulation!
If we don't use this method, then those ordinary people can only wait for death!
Besides, if we don't use this method, then what's the point of all of us becoming stronger?
My idea is very simple. All the living beings in the Fifth Dimension will unite together. If the Fifth Dimension Tribulation comes, then we'll fight it. If the Dao Realm comes, then we'll fight the Dao Realm! "
Guan Yin looked at Ye Xuan for a moment, then said, "Come!"
Once she finished speaking, a shadow suddenly appeared at the door of the room.
Guan Yin said, "Send my order. Gather all the Array Masters and Spirit Array Masters in the Fifth Dimension. In any case, as long as there are people with special abilities, summon them to Shaman City. Also, notify the leaders of the Ancient Race, the Sacred Temple, the Wu Clan, the Celestial race, and all the other forces to come to Shaman City. Tell them that there's something important to discuss with them!"
The shadow nodded slightly, then quietly left!
Guan Yin looked at Ye Xuan. "Next, we need to consider two things. First, where should we build the array, and second, the supply of spiritual energy!
That kind of array will definitely use up a lot of spiritual energy. That's why we must prepare enough spiritual energy! "
Ye Xuan thought for a moment, then said, "We'll build the array in the galaxy. We'll use the galaxy as the array, because I can devour the power of the stars …"
Guan Yin suddenly asked, "Besides devouring the power of the stars, what else can you devour?"
Ye Xuan said, "Sword energy, aura of death, fire energy, ice energy, wood energy … In any case, I can devour all the power of the five elements. I can also devour most of the things that aren't part of the five elements!"
Guan Yin looked at Ye Xuan as if she was looking at a monster!
Guan Yin stopped thinking. "I understand!
I'll ask someone to gather all the power of the five elements in the galaxy! "
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "This might be very troublesome and difficult!"
Guan Yin looked at Ye Xuan. "You don't have to worry about this. I'll handle it well!
You just need to tell me what to do with the spiritual energy! "
Ye Xuan smiled. "Ask Xiao Ling'er to help. There are a few spirits following her!"
Guan Yin shook his head. "That's not enough!"
Ye Xuan quickly said, "Then ask her to continue looking for spirits!"
Guan Yin frowned. "Those spirits are not easy to get in touch with!"
Ye Xuan quickly said, "Ask Xiao Ling'er to fool them!
She knows how to fool them! "
Guan Yin: "…"
...





Chapter 1207
Xiao Ling 'er!
Guan Yin's expression became a bit strange.
She also felt a bit of a headache when it came to that Xiao Ling 'er!
She didn't know where this little fellow learned it from, but he was very strange and had a lot of little tricks up his sleeves, giving her a headache!
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "The spiritual qi shouldn't be a big problem, the main problem now is the array!
To build such a large array is definitely not a simple matter, and this array needs to be strong enough! "
Guan Yin nodded, "Leave this matter to me!"
Ye Xuan glanced at Guan Yin and nodded, "Alright!"
Guan Yin looked at Ye Xuan, "There are two more things you need to do now. First, you need to become stronger, at least half-step Self Release!
If you reach half-step Self Release, Self Release Realm experts shouldn't pose any threat to you!
Second, I need you to contact the Sixth Dimension! "
Contact the Sixth Dimension!
Ye Xuan asked, "Join forces with them?"
Guan Yin nodded, "Yes, but I think it might be a bit difficult!
Because they might not become enemies with the Dao World!
To them, the best choice is to wait and see!
But you are a bit special, so you can go find them and contact them. "
If it was anyone else, the Sixth Dimension would definitely not give them face, but it might give Ye Xuan face!
Ye Xuan thought about it and then nodded, "Alright!
I'll go now! "
Guan Yin nodded.
Ye Xuan got up and left.
Only Guan Yin was left in the room.
At this moment, an old man appeared behind Guan Yin.
A complicated look flashed in Guan Yin's eyes, but she didn't say anything.
Strictly speaking, she had a grudge with Ye Xuan.
The Spirit Yin tribe's leader had died tragically, and countless experts had died because of Ye Xuan!
But she knew that she couldn't take revenge. If she chose to take revenge, even more people would die.
Not only was she unable to take revenge, but she also had to help Ye Xuan now. Because only Ye Xuan could lead the Spirits of Nine Yin to continue forward!
The old man behind Guan Yin spoke softly, "Little girl, you're even more suitable to be the Patriarch than Guan Sheng!"
Guan Yin shook his head. "Teacher, we have no other choice!"
The old man nodded. "I know!
Actually, we shouldn't have offended this person in the first place. This person's natural talent is too terrifying. Especially the person behind him, he isn't someone our Spirit of Yin Tribe can afford to offend. "
Guan Yin nodded. "We can only let go of our hatred and fight against the Fifth Dimension Tribulation together with him, as well as the enemies outside the Fifth Dimension."
The old man asked softly, "Can you let it go?"
Guan Yin shook his head. "I can't let it go, but I can only let it go.
I'm worried that the Spirits of Nine Yin will disappear. "
The old man was silent.
For now, not to mention the woman in a simple dress, even Ye Xuan had the ability to annihilate the entire Spirit of Yin.
It must be known that the two from the Banished Immortal Island were with Ye Xuan!
In addition, behind Ye Xuan was the super expert from the Templar Aro Sect!
Guan Yin suddenly stood up. "Teacher, help me do something. Summon all the Array Masters and Spirit Array Masters. They have to come even if they don't want to!"
The old man nodded and left quietly.
Guan Yin walked out of the room and looked at the horizon. She took a deep breath and grinned.
Since some things couldn't be changed, then she should face them with a smile!
...
After Ye Xuan left the Wu Clan, he arrived in front of the six cosmos barrier. On the other side of the cosmos barrier was Li Chenfeng, and beside Li Chenfeng was a woman. This woman was Wen Zhaoruo!
Wen Zhaoruo smiled. "Young Master Ye, nice to meet you!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Temple Master Wen, nice to meet you!"
Wen Zhaoruo said, "Young Master Ye, we have received news that the ancient temple has sent experts to the lower realm. You have to be careful!"
Ye Xuan frowned. "Ancient temple?"
Wen Zhaoruo nodded. "Our Sixth Dimension is a very mysterious force!
It is said that the Prophet … No, it should be Ye Qingzhi who escaped into the ancient temple from the Dao World and then escaped from the ancient temple.
In short, the Prophet has an unclear relationship with the ancient temple. The people they sent must be looking for you! "
Ye Xuan shook his head. The Prophet had a lot of troubles!
At this moment, Wen Zhaoruo suddenly said, "Young Master Ye, what's the matter?"
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Miss Wen, can we join forces?"
Wen Zhaoruo was silent.
Join forces?
To be honest, the Sixth Dimension didn't want to join forces with Ye Xuan. They didn't want to be involved in that vortex because there was no benefit!
They didn't want to offend Ye Xuan, but they also didn't want to be enemies with the Dao World!
At this moment, Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Let me put it another way. I want to ask you for some help. Is that okay?"
The corners of Wen Zhaoruo's mouth raised slightly. "Sure!"
It was just providing some help and sowing good karma. The Sixth Dimension was very willing to do that.
Wen Zhaoruo said again, "I wonder what help Young Master Ye needs?"
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "I need some array masters, spirit array masters, and alchemists. I also need blacksmiths. In addition, I also want to borrow some spiritual items and spirit veins from the Sixth Dimension!"
Wen Zhaoruo said with a smile, "I wonder what we can get!"
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "In the future, if I open the study room and there is a Dao scripture inside, I am willing to share it with Miss Wen!"
Hearing this, Wen Zhaoruo's pupils suddenly shrank. "Are you sure?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "I'm sure!"
Dao scripture?
He really didn't care much about it. He was a sword cultivator, not a scripture cultivator!
As a Swordsman, the one he should trust the most was himself.
He knew very well that the strength of the plainly dressed woman and the others was definitely not because they cultivated some divine item.
If a person was strong because of external things, then he was not truly strong.
Moreover, even if this Dao scripture was really heaven-defying, he didn't mind showing it to others. Of course, it was to his friends and those who had helped him.
Wen Zhaoruo looked at Ye Xuan without saying anything.
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Of course, the premise is that it really exists inside!
If it really exists, I don't mind sharing it with Miss Wen and the Sixth Dimension's Tendo. I am a man of my word. "
Miss Wen said with a smile, "Young Master Ye, do you know the value of that Dao scripture?"
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "I don't know, and I don't want to know. However, as I said, if the Sixth Dimension is willing to help me, I can share it with Miss Wen. I, Ye Xuan, am a man of my word!"
Wen Zhaoruo looked at Ye Xuan and said with a smile, "I believe you!"
After saying that, she turned to look at Li Chenfeng beside her, "Make the arrangements!"
Li Chenfeng nodded slightly and was about to leave when Wen Zhaoruo suddenly said, "Have some people in the Wen Hall leave as well."
Li Chenfeng nodded, "Understood!"
Wen Zhaoruo looked at Ye Xuan, "I can only provide soft help. Young Master Ye, do you understand what I mean?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Understood!
This is enough! "
Wen Zhaoruo nodded, "Young Master Ye, take care!
If there is any news, I will have someone inform you! "
Ye Xuan cupped his fists, "Thank you!"
Wen Zhaoruo nodded, turned around, and left.
Ye Xuan looked at the cosmic barrier in front of him. After pondering for a moment, he said with a smile, "Ancient temple, Dao world … Come, let's have fun together!"
After saying that, he turned around and left.
...
Sixth Dimension Universe.
After Xiao Dao and Mo Zhong returned to the Demonic Dao Family, Xiao Dao immediately began to reorganize.
The current Demonic Dao Family could be said to be a mess. There were many things that needed her to deal with.
On this day, a man suddenly came to the Demonic Dao Family!
This person was the super genius of the Emperor Clan, Di Yan. He was also the marriage partner of Xiao Dao.
Behind Di Yan, there were three Self Release Realm experts!
This line-up was enough to destroy the Demonic Dao Family!
In front of the Demonic Dao Hall, Di Yan sized up Xiao Dao and said with a smile, "Miss Xiao Dao, it seems like you haven't been doing well these past few years!"
Xiao Dao nodded, "Yes, but I don't regret it!
Because I met him! "
Di Yan narrowed his eyes, "Him?"
Xiao Dao looked at Di Yan, "Ye Xuan, the number one genius of the Fifth Dimension since ancient times!"
"Number one genius?"
Di Yan was stunned for a second, then burst into laughter. His laughter was unbridled.
Xiao Dao calmly said, "If you meet him, you will know how weak you are!"
Di Yan smiled, "Is that so?"
Xiao Dao looked straight at Di Yan, "Any monstrous genius would be overshadowed in front of him!"
Mo Zhong's expression was slightly strange when he heard this.
Miss, is it really okay for you to trick the son-in-law like this?
Di Yan laughed, and then he said, "Xiao Dao, I'm really getting more and more interested!
This won't do. I have to go see this genius you speak of. I hope he doesn't disappoint me! "
As soon as he finished speaking, he turned around and vanished into the horizon with the three Self Release Realm experts.
Xiao Dao fell silent when she saw this.
The Tendo had guessed it right again!
This woman was simply a demon!
As if she'd thought of something, she looked up into the sky and said softly, "I'm sorry!"
These words were naturally directed at Ye Xuan who was in the Fifth Dimension.
She didn't want to trick Ye Xuan, but she noticed that if she didn't use this move, then she might be in great trouble!
So she had no choice but to trick Ye Xuan!
As if he knew what Xiao Dao was thinking, Mo Zhong suddenly smiled and said, "Miss, don't think too much about it. As the young miss's man, it's only natural for the young miss to take care of some things for the young miss!
Moreover, the young miss is a sentimental person. If he finds out, he will definitely take the initiative to take care of these things for the young miss. "
Xiao Dao didn't say anything, but the guilt in her heart grew.
Because she wasn't his woman!
When she thought up to this point, she couldn't bear to do it.
Right at this moment, Mo Zhong suddenly said, "Miss, there's news that someone has found the woman in a plain dress!"
Xiao Dao frowned slightly, "Who?"
Mo Zhong said solemnly, "The Emperor Family!"
Xiao Dao was stunned, and then she said, "Congratulations, they won the grand prize!"
Mo Zhong was speechless.
....
In the depths of the starry sky, the woman in a plain dress was walking slowly. For some unknown reason, she'd suddenly slowed down.
She gazed into the distance, and her gaze was extremely far away. No one knew what she'd seen, but a cold smile had curled up on the corners of her mouth. Her smile was very cold, and the starry sky seemed like an icehouse at this moment.
She was very angry!
Suddenly, a middle aged man appeared not too far away from the woman in a plain dress.
It was the Patriarch of the Emperor Family, Di Linyuan.
Di Linyuan had his hands behind his back, and there was a trace of a smile on his face as he gazed at the woman in a plain dress, "I'm probably the first person to find you."
The woman withdrew her gaze from the starry sky, and she gazed at Di Linyuan with an expressionless face.
Di Linyuan stared fixedly at her, "You've read the Daoist scriptures, right?"
The woman didn't speak.
Di Linyuan's eyes narrowed slightly, "What are you thinking?
Are you trying to escape?
If that's the case, then I advise you to give up on that stupid idea!
Because if I'm not wrong, you should be heavily injured right now. Do you think you're a match for me right now? "
....
PS: A fellow once recommended that I put a few Sichuan peppers in my toothache … Do you know how I am right now?!





Chapter 1208
In the starry sky, the plain-dressed woman was silent, thinking about something.
Di Linyuan stared at the plain-dressed woman, "Is the Dao Scripture in your hands?"
Dao Scripture!
In his opinion, it was absolutely impossible for a Self Release Realm expert to appear in a place like the Fifth Dimension.
The woman in front of him had definitely seen the Dao Scripture that Ye Qingzhi had brought down!
Dao Scripture!
Thinking of this Dao Scripture, Di Linyuan's patience gradually disappeared.
He was already impatient to obtain the Dao Scripture!
The plain-dressed woman suddenly looked at Di Linyuan. The latter narrowed his eyes, "I advise you not to attack!"
At this time, the plain-dressed woman took a step forward.
Chi!
In an instant, Di Linyuan's head flew out!
One step was one sword, one sword was one life!
The moment Di Linyuan's head flew out, his eyes widened in disbelief.
Dead?
He was dead?
Di Linyuan was truly stunned!
He did not even see how the plain-dressed woman had attacked!
What kind of strength was this?
Not Self Release Realm!
At this moment, he knew that the woman in front of him was not at the Self Release Realm!
Unfortunately, he knew it too late!
Di Linyuan's eyes gradually became hazy. Was this above Self Release Realm?
In this life, he had sought to break through and reach the legendary Self Release Realm. He wanted to see the scenery above Self Release Realm!
Unfortunately, he had never seen it before because in the entire history of the Dao World, there had never been a powerhouse above Self Release Realm.
But now, he saw it!
Above Self Release Realm was actually this strong!
Soon, Di Linyuan's eyes lost their color.
And the plain-dressed woman had already disappeared into the starry sky. Not long after she disappeared, Di Linyuan's corpse also disappeared without a trace!
His soul was destroyed!
That sword had directly erased Di Linyuan.
No one knew that such a peerless powerhouse had disappeared without a trace.
At the end of the starry sky, the plain-dressed woman arrived in front of a cosmic barrier. This was the end of the Dao World.
The plain-dressed woman looked at the Cosmos Barrier in front of her expressionlessly. At this moment, a voice came from beside her, "You are the plain-dressed woman that everyone is looking for!"
The woman in the plain dress didn't turn her head. About a hundred feet to her right, there was a little girl standing there. The little girl was about fifteen or sixteen years old. She had a long braid and wore a white dress that was as white as snow. In her left hand, she held a sheathed saber, looking very cool.
The plain-clothed woman did not answer the little girl.
The little girl suddenly said, "I want to fight with you!"
The plain-dressed woman looked at the little girl. The little girl raised an eyebrow. "Can I?"
The plainly dressed woman shook her head, "No!"
The little girl frowned. "Why?"
The plainly dressed woman was expressionless. "I'm afraid I'll beat you to death!"
The little girl was stunned, and then she smiled and said, "I'm at the Self Release Realm!"
A sixteen year old Self Release realm!
If someone from the Dao World was here, he would definitely be shocked!
This was because the person in front of him was Chen Yaonie, who was known as the most monstrous genius in the history of the Dao World!
No one had ever done it before!
Even the number one genius of the Dao World, Ye Qingzhi, was not as good as Chen Yaonie!
Because when Ye Qingzhi reached the Self Release Realm, he was already in his twenties.
But she was different, she was only sixteen years old!
There was a saying in the Dao World: Chen Yaonie was born a demon.
The plain-dressed woman didn't say a word. She just stared at the Cosmos Barrier in front of her.
After passing through here, he would be even further away from him!
She was still worried!
At this time, Chen Yaonie said.
"I can feel that you are much stronger than my grandfather!"
The plain-clothed woman still did not speak.
Just as Chen Yaonie was about to speak, the woman in the plain dress suddenly said, "My brother will be here soon. Help me pass a message to him."
Chen Yaonie blinked and said, "What is it?"
The plain-dressed woman looked at Chen Yaonie and said, "Just say that I'm waiting for him above the clouds!"
Chen Yaonie said in a low voice, "You're so powerful. Why didn't you tell him yourself?"
The plain-dressed woman said softly, "I'm afraid that once I speak to him, I won't be able to bear to leave!"
This was the reason why she had slowed down during this period of time!
She knew that she should let go and let Ye Xuan walk his own path!
But she was reluctant.
In the distance, Chen Yaonie nodded, "What's your brother's name?"
The plain-dressed woman said, "Ye Xuan!"
Chen Yaonie smiled and said, "If he comes here, I'll pass your message to him!"
As she spoke, she grabbed the blade at her waist and said, "I want to fight you!"
The plain-dressed woman looked at Chen Yaonie and said, "You think that Self Release Realm experts are very strong?"
Chen Yaonie's brows raised up slightly. "Of course!"
The plain-dressed woman looked at Chen Yaonie and said, "You haven't attained Self Release!"
Chen Yaonie frowned. "Impossible!
I've already attained Self Release. "
The plain-dressed woman suddenly pointed to the right.
Chi!
A wisp of sword light silently pressed against the space between Chen Yaonie's eyebrows.
Chen Yaonie was stunned!
The plain-dressed woman did not speak again as she walked into the distance.
The wisp of sword light between Chen Yaonie's eyebrows quietly disappeared.
Chen Yaonie suddenly said with a trembling voice, "Am I really not at Self Release?"
The plain-dressed woman stopped in her tracks and said, "Only by escaping the Dao and becoming that 'one' can you be called Self Release. You are still within the Dao!"
Chen Yaonie looked at the plain-dressed woman and said, "That means that our Dao World's Self Release Realm experts are all fake?"
The plain-dressed woman did not speak again as she walked in front of the Cosmos Barrier. She gently swiped her finger and in an instant, the Cosmos Barrier split apart.
Seeing this, Chen Yaonie's expression instantly changed!
This was the Cosmos Barrier!
Throughout history, no one had been able to break this unknown Cosmos Barrier!
But now, this woman in front of her had done it so easily!
The plain-dressed woman walked towards the split Cosmos Barrier. Meanwhile, an ancient and heavy sigh resounded from within the Cosmos Barrier. "Isn't it good to be alive?"
The voice seemed to be very close yet very far at the same time. Moreover, it carried an extremely overbearing and penetrating force, so it was impossible to avoid hearing it.
The plain-dressed woman glanced at the depths of the Cosmos Barrier with an expressionless face. "Please kill me!"
As soon as she finished speaking, her figure had vanished within the Cosmos Barrier.
The Cosmos Barrier healed.
Chen Xi's face was covered in bewilderment.
She entered just like that?
She hesitated for a moment, walked over to the Cosmos Barrier, and then drew her saber and slashed.
This saber strike shook the world!
However, when it struck the Cosmos Barrier, it wasn't damaged at all, whereas, Chen Yaonie was blasted 3km back!
Moreover, as soon as she stopped, the space in an area of 30km behind her collapsed, and a wisp of blood seeped out of her mouth.
Chen Yaonie was slightly stunned. Is it so terrifying?
But just now, that woman had cut it open so easily!
Chen Yaonie looked at her own saber. Was it because her saber wasn't sharp enough?
After a long time, Chen Yaonie calmed down.
At this moment, she completely believed the plain-dressed woman's words.
Self Release Realm!
Fake!
Chen Yaonie looked at the distant Cosmos Barrier.
Barrier. Gradually, a look of determination appeared in her eyes.
This Cosmos Barrier was Chen Yaonie's life goal!
Ye Xuan!
As she thought of this, Chen Yaonie turned around and ran.
She had to tell her grandfather that he couldn't provoke that man!
...
The experts of the Fifth Dimension were still searching for the plain-dressed woman, but no one could find her.
It was worth mentioning that the patriarch of the Emperor Clan, Di Linyuan, had disappeared.
As a result, many people guessed that Di Linyuan had found the plain-dressed woman, killed her, and seized the Dao Scripture …
Demonic Dao Hall.
Inside the hall, Mo Zhong said in a deep voice, "Young Miss, Di Linyuan has disappeared!"
Xiao Dao said softly, "He's dead!"
Mo Zhong nodded.
He and Xiao Dao had the same thought. If Di Linyuan had really found the plain-dressed woman, there would only be one result, and that was death!
That woman had killed a Sixth Dimension super Self Release Realm expert in an instant!
How could Di Linyuan be her opponent?
Xiao Dao suddenly said, "Is there a rumor outside that Di Linyuan has obtained the Dao Scripture?"
Mo Zhong nodded. "Yes!"
Xiao Dao said softly, "Send someone out and add fuel to the fire. Say that Di Linyuan has obtained the Dao Scripture and is secretly breaking through."
Mo Zhong looked at Xiao Dao and nodded. "Okay!"
Once he finished speaking, he was about to leave when Xiao Dao said, "Don't let others know that it was us who did it!"
Mo Zhong nodded. "I will personally take care of this!"
Once he finished speaking, he left.
Xiao Dao slowly closed her eyes. "You have to speed up!
I can only buy you a little bit of time … "
She knew that what Ye Xuan lacked the most was time.
Not only did Ye Xuan have to deal with the Fifth Dimension Calamity, he also had to deal with the ancient temple. Soon, once the people of the Dao World found out that Di Linyuan had died and they couldn't find the plain-dressed woman, they would definitely go find Ye Xuan!
Therefore, there wasn't much time left for Ye Xuan!
...
In the Fifth Dimension.
Under Guan Yin's call, all the Fifth Dimension's Array Masters and Spirit Array Masters came to Shaman City. Not only that, a few Array Masters and Spirit Array Masters from the Sixth Dimension also came!
There were more than one thousand people!
There was only one goal for these people, and that was to build a super Array Formation!
With Guan Yin's propaganda, everyone knew that the Fifth Dimension's Fifth Dimension Calamity was about to arrive. Under such circumstances, the Fifth Dimension could be said to be unprecedentedly united!
Humans were like this. Most of the time, they were more ruthless than anyone else when it came to killing each other, but most of the time, they were the most united race.
Ye Xuan did not stay idle either. During this period of time, he had been madly practicing the Dao Laws!
The World Prison Tower and the Dao Laws in it could be said to be one of his strongest trump cards. He had to practice them well!
Besides this, Guan Yin also found many powerful warriors to help Ye Xuan strengthen his physical body!
In Guan Yin's words, Ye Xuan's physical body was not enough!
Because once the Array Formation was completed, it had to use Ye Xuan as its core. If Ye Xuan's core could not handle it, wouldn't it be a waste of effort?
Therefore, Ye Xuan's physical body had to be strong enough!
It had to help Ye Xuan strengthen his physical body!
For a period of time, the entire Fifth Dimension could be said to be very busy.
While everyone in the Fifth Dimension was busy, a woman quietly came to the Dao World.
At the exit of the Dao World's cosmic barrier, the cosmic barrier there suddenly split open and a woman suddenly walked out.
The person who came was none other than the Fifth Dimension's Tendo!
The Fifth Dimension's Tendo looked around and smiled. "Dao World, I'm here!
Hehe … "
....





Chapter 1209
In the Five-Dimensional Universe.
In a large hall, more than a thousand people gathered to discuss.
These people were all Array Masters and Spiritual Array Masters. They were all Array Masters from the entire Five-Dimensional Universe!
Among them, Array Masters from various eras were gathered here!
Everyone only had one goal, and that was to research a super array!
The Five-Dimensional Great Array!
Ye Xuan was among them. Because he was the Array Eye, he was the core of the great array. Therefore, many problems were related to him. Therefore, he would take time out every day to discuss with everyone.
In the hall, everyone was surrounding an old man. This old man's name was Li Zhentian!
Li Zhentian was an Array Master sent by the Sixth Dimension's Wen Zhaoruo. In terms of Array Dao, he could be said to be the highest!
Now, when it came to Array Dao, he was the boss!
At this moment, Li Zhentian suddenly looked at Ye Xuan. "Young Master Ye, can we talk alone?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Of course!"
Li Zhentian and Ye Xuan came outside the hall. Li Zhentian's face was a little solemn. "Young Master Ye, do you really want to use yourself as the Array Eye?"
Ye Xuan looked at Li Zhentian. "Old Li, is there a problem?"
Li Zhentian nodded. "To be honest, I already have the great array in mind. It can be said that once this array is completed, it will definitely be the strongest in the Fifth Dimension and the Sixth Dimension. This is because we have gathered all the power of the Fifth Dimension to build this array.
However, there is a big problem. This array is extremely powerful, so powerful that I can't even imagine it! "
As he said this, he looked at Ye Xuan. "Young Master Ye, forgive me for being blunt, but I'm afraid you can't withstand the power of the great array!"
Ye Xuan asked, "Can I not be the Array Eye?"
Li Zhentian nodded. "Yes, but the power will be a lot less!
In the past generations of array formations, using the Heaven and Earth as the Array Eye and humans as the Array Eye is the strongest!
Because that way, the array will be alive! "
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "I think I can handle it!"
Li Zhentian looked at Ye Xuan. "Once the formation is activated, not only does it require a strong body, but it also requires a strong soul to support it. Young Master Ye, I can tell you very seriously that it is not a joke. If you are not careful, Young Master Ye, your soul will be destroyed!"
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment before pulling Li Zhentian to the side and taking out a sword.
Seeing this sword, Li Zhentian was stunned, and then he said in shock, "This sword aura contains the Great Dao of Heaven and Earth. Could it be related to the Fifth Dimension Tendo?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes."
Li Zhentian was shocked. "He gave this sword to you?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "With this sword in hand, the world is mine!"
Li Zhentian smiled and said: "Old Man understands!"
With that, he turned around and left.
Tendo Sword!
What did this mean?
It meant that Ye Xuan could borrow the power of Heaven and Earth to help when necessary!
The Power of Heaven and Earth was something that only the Heavenly Dao could achieve!
Simply put, Ye Xuan having this sword was equivalent to using Heaven and Earth as the core of the array. In this case, coupled with Ye Xuan's own body, he could completely withstand the power of the array!
In the field, Ye Xuan looked at the Tendo Sword in his hand and remained silent.
This was given to him by the Tendo Sword, but he rarely used it!
Tendo Sword!
As if thinking of something, Ye Xuan looked up at the starry sky and said softly, "I wonder where that woman went to harm people again!"
He was a little in awe of the Fifth Dimension Tendo.
He respected her because she had helped him too much. He feared that this woman was too terrifying. If she became his enemy, the consequences would be unimaginable!
But fortunately, this woman was on his side!
At this time, Guan Yin appeared in front of Ye Xuan. She looked at Ye Xuan and said, "The Sixth Dimension has sent an expert who specializes in body cultivation!"
Ye Xuan hurriedly said.
"Quickly take me to see him!"
Guan Yin nodded her head.
Not long after, Guan Yin brought Ye Xuan to a large hall. Inside the hall stood a middle-aged man. The middle-aged man was tall and sturdy. His arms were like pillars. At a glance, one could tell that he was filled with explosive power!
The middle-aged man cupped his fist towards Ye Xuan and said, "Young Master Ye!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Senior can call me Ye Xuan!
The two words Young Master Ye don't sound good! "
The middle-aged man laughed and said, "Alright!"
With that, he walked in front of Ye Xuan and punched Ye Xuan's chest.
Bang!
Ye Xuan retreated several zhang, but nothing happened to him!
The middle-aged man looked at Ye Xuan's body and clicked his tongue in wonder. "Young master Ye's body is really strong. Even in the Sixth Dimension, your body is at the top!"
Ye Xuan said seriously, "Senior, is there any way to improve my body?"
The middle-aged man walked in front of Ye Xuan, sized up Ye Xuan, and then said in a deep voice, "Young master Ye's body can be said to have reached a perfect state. However, I still have a small suggestion that might be helpful to Young master Ye!"
Ye Xuan hurriedly said, "Please speak frankly, Senior!"
The middle-aged man said in a deep voice, "External objects!"
Ye Xuan frowned. "External objects?
What do you mean? "
The middle-aged man said seriously, "Young master Ye, your body has almost reached its peak. If you want to break through again, forgive me for being blunt, I'm afraid it will be very difficult. In this case, we can only seek external objects!
To forge a perfect armor that suits your body! "
Armor!
Ye Xuan blinked and then took out the Human King Shield. "What do you think of this?"
The middle-aged man sized up the Human King Shield and shook his head. "Although this item is of the highest quality, it's not enough. It's not worthy of Young master Ye's body. I suggest that we gather all the blacksmiths in the Fifth and Sixth Dimension, and gather all the power in the Fifth Dimension to forge a unique super armor!"
Ye Xuan looked at Guan Yin. Guan Yin nodded. "It's feasible!
This is the blacksmith … "
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "I know someone!"
Guan Yin looked at Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan smiled. "I'll go invite him now!"
After saying that, he turned and ran.
Not long later, Ye Xuan found the Mutated Beast Scripture. It was worth mentioning that the Mutated Beast Scripture had also reached the Origin Returning Realm Breaker Realm. This was because she was also a target for nurturing!
Ye Xuan directly entered the Mutated Beast Scripture's world. Soon, he found the old blacksmith who had forged the Turbid Dragon Armor for him.
The old blacksmith glanced at Ye Xuan and smiled. "Kid, you've improved very quickly!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Senior, how have you been?"
The old blacksmith said calmly, "Let's get down to business!
You definitely didn't come to me to ask how I'm doing! "
Ye Xuan, "…"
The old blacksmith suddenly said, "What treasure do you want to forge?"
Ye Xuan said seriously, "Yes!
Junior wants to forge the best armor since ancient times!
After thinking about it, junior feels that only senior has this ability! "
The old blacksmith said solemnly, "Kid, forge the best armor since ancient times?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Can I?"
The old blacksmith said proudly, "As long as you have the materials, I can forge anything for you!"
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "What materials do you want, senior?"
The old blacksmith smiled. "Can you find any materials I want?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "I'll do my best."
The old blacksmith suddenly said, "Give me your Humanoid King Shield!"
Ye Xuan didn't hesitate and directly passed the Humanoid King Shield to the old blacksmith. The old blacksmith sized up the shield in his hand and said, "This item can't keep up with you anymore. I want to forge it again!"
Ye Xuan hurriedly asked. "Forge it again?"
The old blacksmith nodded. "Yes."
As he spoke, he looked at Ye Xuan. "I need a lot of precious materials!
How abnormal this item will be in the future will depend on how many materials you can provide! "
Ye Xuan smiled. "I'll do my best!"
The old blacksmith turned and walked into the straw hut. After a while, he came out again and handed a piece of paper to Ye Xuan. "Everything I want is on it!"
Ye Xuan glanced at the paper. There were hundreds of materials on it. He had heard of some of them, seen some of them, but most of them he had never heard of.
Ye Xuan put away the paper and said, "Senior, I'll ask someone to look for them. Do you want to return to Shaman City with me?
I'll ask someone to help you! "
The old blacksmith said flatly, "Are you looking down on me?"
Ye Xuan quickly said, "No, I just want to find someone to help you!"
The old blacksmith said, "You just need to look for the materials. I don't need anyone's help!"
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment, then said, "Alright!"
As he finished speaking, he turned and left.
He could only choose to trust the old man with Iron Sword.
As he watched Ye Xuan leave, the old blacksmith said softly, "This little guy is going further and further away!"
....
After Ye Xuan returned to the Wu Clan, he found Guan Yin and handed the paper to Guan Yin.
Guan Yin glanced at it and soon, she frowned.
Ye Xuan asked, "What's wrong?"
Guan Yin said in a low voice, "I've never heard of many of the materials on it!"
As she spoke, she looked at Ye Xuan. "The person you're looking for is either a deity or a liar!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "He should be a deity!"
Guan Yin nodded. "I'll ask someone to look for him. If there's no one in the Five-Dimensional Universe …"
Ye Xuan said, "Contact Senior Li Chenfeng. He will help us!"
Guan Yin suddenly said, "They're helping you not only because of the plain-dressed woman, right?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "I promised them that if there's a Dao scripture in the study room, I'll lend it to them!"
Dao scripture!
Guan Yin narrowed her eyes. "Are you serious?"
Dao scripture!
She naturally knew about it because Ye Xuan had already told her about the Dao World!
Ye Xuan smiled. "Do I look like I'm joking?"
Guan Yin was silent.
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Miss Guan, if you're interested, I can lend it to you in the future!
Of course, the premise is that there's one inside! "
Guan Yin looked at Ye Xuan and did not speak.
Ye Xuan smiled. "I'm serious."
As he finished speaking, he turned and left.
In the room, Guan Yin was silent.
She knew that Ye Xuan was not joking.
Although this man was usually joking, he was more serious than anyone else when he was serious!
What was worth mentioning was that he really didn't say anything to his own people!
As if she thought of something, Guan Yin shook her head and smiled bitterly.
The Spirit Tribe wanted the study room so badly. Why did they have to snatch it?
Since Ye Xuan was so easy to talk to, wouldn't they have everything if they became friends with him?
Why go to all this trouble?
After a while, Guan Yin turned and left. After leaving the room, there was a smile on her face.
....
In the clouds above the Wu Clan, a woman in a monk's robe looked down quietly. She had been here for many days … She did not make a move because she found that there were a lot of people down there …
....
PS: It's useless to eat pepper if you have a toothache. Eat chili peppers. Fight poison with poison. There's only spiciness, no pain.





Chapter 1210
Within the room, Ye Xuan was sitting cross-legged on the ground.
Sword cognition!
During this period of time, he suddenly discovered something. His sword cognition seemed to be getting stronger and stronger!
What was the reason?
Ye Xuan pondered.
The change in his sword cognition was definitely related to himself.
Sword Dao Faith!
What was his sword dao faith in the past?
To protect his little sister, to protect his friends!
What about now?
Now there was a Fifth Dimension!
Thinking of this, Ye Xuan frowned. Could it be because of this?
Did his sword dao faith change because of his thoughts?
Ye Xuan got up and walked to the door. He looked into the distance. In the distant hall, thousands of array masters were studying the new formation. Other than these array masters, there were also countless blacksmiths and alchemists working frantically!
Everyone only had one goal, to resist the Fifth Dimension Calamity!
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly felt the burden on his body become heavier!
Because everyone in the Fifth Dimension was following him!
In the past, he was only protecting one person, but now, he was protecting an entire universe!
Thinking of this, the sword in his hand suddenly trembled.
Executing Heaven Sword!
Ye Xuan looked at the Executing Heaven Sword in his hand. The Executing Heaven Sword trembled as if it was expressing something.
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "I also don't know why I suddenly became so great!"
Saying this, he turned and left.
Now, his next goal was the Origin Returning Realm Piercing Realm Realm!
Only when he reached the Origin Returning Realm Piercing Realm Realm would he have 100% confidence in killing Self Release Realm experts!
He knew that before long, countless Self Release Realm experts would come looking for him!
He, Ye Xuan, had never lacked enemies. And some of his enemies had appeared out of nowhere, even to him.
However, his mentality had already changed. Four words: Do it and be done!
I, Ye Xuan, don't cause trouble, but I'm not afraid of trouble!
...
Sixth Dimension.
It had to be said that during this period of time, the Sixth Dimension had helped the Fifth Dimension greatly.
Although the Sixth Dimension did not explicitly announce its cooperation with the Fifth Dimension, if the Fifth Dimension wanted people, it would give them people!
Of course, Wen Zhaoruo did this not only because she wanted to befriend Ye Xuan, but also because of Ye Xuan's promise.
If it was someone else who promised to share the Dao Scriptures, she wouldn't believe it. But Ye Xuan, she believed it.
According to her investigation, Ye Xuan was very principled!
In the pavilion, Wen Zhaoruo once again found the Sixth Dimension Tendo.
Wen Zhaoruo said softly, "The Fifth Dimension is developing very quickly!"
The Sixth Dimension Tendo smiled and asked, "Are you afraid that they will surpass us?"
Wen Zhaoruo nodded.
The development of the Fifth Dimension was too fast!
She hadn't expected this at all.
Of course, she didn't expect Ye Xuan to be able to unite the Fifth Dimension and Spirit Realm to such an extent!
This fellow was too good at bluffing!
Most importantly, the current development of the Fifth Dimension could only be described as terrifying!
If this continued, surpassing the sixth dimension might not be a difficult matter!
The Sixth Dimension Tendo suddenly said, "Their enemy is the Fifth Dimension Tribulation!"
Wen Zhaoruo asked, "What about after the Fifth Dimension Tribulation?"
The Sixth Dimension Tendo smiled and said, "Are you worried that their target is the Sixth Dimension?"
Wen Zhaoruo nodded.
The Sixth Dimension Tendo shook her head. "No!
If he had chosen to come to the Sixth Dimension, he could have done so a long time ago!
But he didn't do so. It's obvious that he wants to change the Fifth Dimension! "
Wen Zhaoruo shook her head. "Now that there is a crisis, everyone is united with him. But once the crisis is resolved, there will definitely be all kinds of problems and contradictions among them!"
The Sixth Dimension Tendo said softly, "That will depend on whether Ye Xuan has the means to do so or not!"
Wen Zhaoruo was silent.
The Sixth Dimension Tendo suddenly said, "Is there any news from the Dao World?"
Wen Zhaoruo said, "It's said that the patriarch of the demonic path family has disappeared."
The Sixth Dimension Tendo said softly,
"He's definitely dead!"
As she said this, she glanced at the starry sky. "The tragic Dao World."
She had seen that woman before, so she knew how powerful that woman was!
Looking for that woman?
Wasn't that courting death?
...
Dao World.
On this day, countless experts gathered at the Emperor Clan.
Because in the Dao World, everyone believed that the Emperor Clan's Di Linyuan had obtained the Dao Scripture.
Around the Emperor Clan, dozens of powerful auras were hidden. None of these auras were lower than the Self Release Realm.
Clearly, everyone had discussed this beforehand!
In the sky above the Emperor Clan stood an old man. This person was the God Palace's Pope, one of the strongest experts of the Dao World.
In fact, he hadn't appeared in the world for thousands of years.
But this time, he had appeared!
Because the Dao Scripture had appeared!
At this moment, a white-haired old man suddenly walked in front of the Pope. He looked at him with a complicated expression. "Your Holiness!"
The Pope was expressionless. "Do you know why I've come?"
The white-haired old man said in a low voice, "Your Holiness, we also don't know the whereabouts of the patriarch!"
The Pope looked at the white-haired old man. The temperature suddenly dropped!
The white-haired old man's expression didn't change. "We really can't find the patriarch!"
As he spoke, he looked at the Pope. "Your Holiness, forgive me for speaking bluntly, but if the patriarch has really obtained the Dao Scripture, then it's very likely that he won't return to the Emperor Clan. Because he knows what he'll face if he does!
Of course, I think there's another possibility, and that is that he found the plain-dressed woman, but he lost! "
The Pope fell silent.
Because he'd thought of these two possibilities before coming here!
After all, the plain-dressed woman had annihilated a Six Dimensional Self Release Realm expert of the Demon Path Clan. With such strength, it wasn't impossible for Di Linyuan to die at her hands!
Even if Di Linyuan had obtained the Dao Scripture, it was very likely that he wouldn't return!
The Emperor Clan was truly insignificant before the Dao Scripture!
The white-haired old man said, "To tell you the truth, we've already used all methods to search for the patriarch, but we haven't found any information.
Your Holiness, the rumors in the outside world say that the patriarch has obtained the Dao Scripture and is cultivating it in seclusion. This might be true, but it might also be false. It's also possible that some people are plotting against our Emperor Clan. I hope Your Holiness can be enlightened! "
In the past, the Emperor Clan wouldn't fear the God Palace. But now, the Emperor Clan had no choice but to compromise, because the slightest mistake could lead to their extinction.
He knew very well that these people would do anything for the Dao Scripture!
After a moment of silence, the Pope said, "I will investigate this matter thoroughly!"
With that, he turned and left.
In the surroundings, the hidden experts also quietly disappeared.
Seeing this, the white-haired old man let out a sigh of relief.
If these people were to attack together, even the Emperor Clan wouldn't be able to stop them!
As if thinking of something, the white-haired old man suddenly turned his head. "Investigate the rumors that the Sect Master has obtained the Dao Scripture!"
In the distance, a figure quietly retreated.
The white-haired old man looked into the distance and softly said, "Someone wants to harm our Emperor Clan!"
...
In the starry sky, the Pope was slowly walking. Beside him followed a middle-aged man. This person was the Immortal Pavilion's Pavilion Master, Jiang Yu.
The Pope suddenly said, "Brother Jiang, do you think that Di Linyuan is alive or dead?"
Jiang Yu smiled. "He's dead!"
The Pope chuckled. "Why do you think so?"
Jiang Yu softly said, "How can Di Linyuan deal with someone who can kill six Self Release experts in such a short time?"
The Pope nodded. "He's also not someone we can deal with!
Unless … "
Jiang Yu said, "Gang up!
If we fight with numbers, we might have a chance! "
The Pope suddenly said, "Actually, why do we need to look for her?"
Jiang Yu looked at the Pope. The Pope softly said, "She might have only seen the Dao Scripture, but that Ye Xuan definitely has the Dao Scripture. Why don't we directly look for him?"
Jiang Yu shook his head. "The Five-Dimensional Universe!"
！”
The Wall of the Universe!
That was a rather troublesome matter for the Dao Realm!
The Pope suddenly said, "The Wall of the Universe is not a difficult matter for you and me, is it?"
Jiang Yu was silent.
The Pope continued, "Since we already know that the plain-dressed woman is so powerful, there's no need to look for her!
She's so powerful. If we look for her, even if we defeat her, the price we'll have to pay would be extremely heavy!
However, this Ye Xuan shouldn't be as powerful as the plain-dressed woman, right? "
Jiang Yu nodded. "That's reasonable. However, at present, we need to find out whether that Di Linyuan has the Dao Scripture or not. If the Dao Scripture is really in his hands, and we go to look for Ye Xuan, wouldn't that be giving Di Linyuan an advantage?"
The Pope nodded. "This matter must be made clear. However, we can't ignore that Ye Xuan either!
According to what I know, the ancient temple has already begun to move against Ye Xuan. We can't let the ancient temple beat us to it! "
The ancient temple!
Hearing this, Jiang Yu frowned slightly.
The Dao Realm actually didn't know much about this ancient temple in the Sixth Dimension. They only knew that it was a very mysterious force.
Jiang Yu suddenly asked, "What's the strength of that Ye Xuan?"
The Pope said, "Shattering Void Tier!"
Shattering Void Tier!
Jiang Yu said in a low voice, "Should we send one of them?"
The two of them didn't want to go down. In their opinion, the Dao Scripture was most likely in the hands of the plain-dressed woman or Di Linyuan!
Whoever went down would most likely suffer a great loss!
The Pope glanced at Jiang Yu and said, "I'm afraid one person won't be enough. How about we each send one person down?"
Jiang Yu smiled. "Okay!"
He naturally understood the Pope's meaning. If Ye Xuan really had the Dao Scripture and they sent one person down, whose person would go down?
Two people going down was exactly what both sides wanted!
The Pope turned his head and looked around. He said softly, "Pass down my order. Search for that plain-dressed woman and Di Linyuan!"
In the surroundings, countless elites quietly retreated.
...
On the other side of the starry sky, a woman walked slowly. In the woman's hand was a small roasted golden fish.
This woman was the Fifth Dimension Tendo!
She had already been in the Dao Realm for a few days!
There hadn't been any changes in the Dao Realm!
After walking for a while, Mu Niannian came to a small river. She walked along the river, and at the end of the river, there was a bamboo building. She walked to the bamboo building and said with a smile, "Hey, I've come to see you!"
At this time, a small head popped out from the bamboo building. It was a woman. The woman was about 16 or 17 years old, and she was devastatingly beautiful!
Seeing the Fifth Dimension Tendo, the woman's eyes instantly lit up. The next moment, she appeared in front of Mu Niannian and hugged Mu Niannian. "Nian Nian, where have you been all these years?
I've missed you so much! "
The Fifth Dimension Tendo said with a smile, "I've been busy!"
The woman looked at the Fifth Dimension Tendo and said with a smile, "Busy with what?"
The Fifth Dimension Tendo smiled and said, "I've come to find you this time because I want to take you to a place. Do you want to go?"
The woman blinked. "Where?"
The Fifth Dimension Tendo said with a smile, "A very fun place!"
The woman hesitated and said, "But I'm the Tendo of this universe!"
Mu Niannian smiled and said, "The people of this world don't treat you well, so I'll change places for you!"
The woman was still somewhat hesitant. "But there are many spirits following me!"
The corners of Mu Niannian's mouth curled up slightly. "Bring them along!"
The woman suddenly asked, "Why are you suddenly changing places for me?
Is something going to happen? "
Mu Niannian smiled and said, "Silly girl, the people of this world are too powerful. If you're discovered by them here, you'll be enslaved at any time. Understand?"
The woman hesitated and said, "Changing places might be the same!"
Mu Niannian shook his head. "There's a human in the place I found for you. He'll protect you well, so don't even think about it!
Take your spirit and follow me. Let the humans have fun in the Dao Realm! "
.....





Chapter 1211
In front of the bamboo house, the woman was silent.
She trusted Mu Niannian a lot because Mu Niannian was the one who saved her. If not for Mu Niannian, she would have been enslaved by humans!
However, she was still a little reluctant to leave this world!
Mu Niannian held the woman's hand and said softly, "You don't owe this world anything!"
The woman lowered her head slightly.
Mu Niannian smiled and said, "How about this, when the time is right, I'll have that person bring you here. Don't worry, at that time, with him here, no one in this universe will dare to harm you!"
The woman looked at Mu Niannian. "Is that person a good person?"
Mu Niannian smiled. "He can be considered a good person!
In any case, he won't bully you!
Moreover, if you follow him, you might have a fortuitous encounter! "
The woman was curious. "What fortuitous encounter?"
Mu Niannian said softly, "He knows a little white fellow. That little fellow is the Spirit Ancestor. If you meet her in the future, she will change your fate!"
The woman hurriedly said, "What about you?
She can help you too, right? "
Mu Niannian shook her head. "I can't!"
The woman was puzzled. "Why?"
Mu Niannian smiled. "Because I'm too strong!"
The woman blinked. "That's amazing!"
Mu Niannian laughed heartily, "Get ready, bring those spirits by your side!"
The woman nodded. "Okay!"
With that, she turned and left.
Mu Niannian gently nibbled on the fish in her hand. Then, she looked around and smiled. "I will bring your Tendo away. You guys play by yourselves!
A bunch of fellows who don't know how to cherish their Tendo! "
Soon, the woman and Mu Niannian disappeared from the attic.
After the two women disappeared, the attic also disappeared without a trace.
In the starry sky, the woman hugged Mu Niannian's hand. "Niannian, you are also a Tendo, right?"
Mu Niannian nodded. "Yes!"
The woman felt a little helpless. "Why are you so powerful, but I'm so weak!"
Mu Niannian smiled and said, "Because I'm studying!
Whatever humans know, I know. Whatever humans don't know, I know!
Let me tell you a secret. Not only do I study in the Fifth Dimension, but I also study in the Sixth Dimension and the Dao World!
What everyone knows, I know. What everyone doesn't know, I know too! "
The woman blinked. "Can I learn too?"
Mu Niannian smiled and said, "Of course!
I have a study room. You can study in my study room when the time comes! "
The woman suddenly asked again, "You've learned so much, aren't you invincible?"
Mu Niannian blinked and shook his head. "No!"
The woman was stunned. "There's someone stronger than you?"
Mu Niannian nodded. "Yes."
The woman asked, "How powerful are you exactly?"
The corner of Mu Niannian's mouth lifted slightly. "Under three swords, I am invincible!"
The woman was stunned.
Mu Niannian suddenly laughed, "I'm just bragging, haha!"
...
In a short while, the Spirit Qi in the entire Dao World suddenly underwent a huge change!
The Spirit Qi in the Dao World was disappearing at an extremely fast speed!
Some places that originally had less Spirit Qi were directly gone!
The entire Dao World was shocked!
What had happened?
Several major forces were also shocked, but they did not investigate this matter at the moment. They only had eyes for the Dao scripture!
...
When Mu Niannian passed through the Sixth Dimension with the Dao World's Dao Spirit, an old man suddenly appeared in front of them.
The old man was bald, dressed in monk robes, and wore a string of black prayer beads.
Mu Niannian smiled and said, "What's the matter?"
The old man put his palms together and bowed slightly. "Hello, Miss Mu!"
Mu Niannian smiled and said, "Hello, Master!"
The old man smiled bitterly and said, "Miss Mu, you made us suffer!"
Mu Niannian blinked his eyes.
I didn't do anything! "
The old man sighed softly. "Miss Mu, Ye Qing tricked us. You know that!"
Mu Niannian nodded. "Yes!
But now, he is no longer here! "
The old man shook his head. "Ye Xuan is here!"
Mu Niannian smiled and said, "Master, you should know that this Ye Xuan is not Ye Qing Zhi. Ye Qing Zhi was such a monstrous person, but because he schemed against him, his soul was destroyed!"
The old man was silent.
Mu Niannian smiled and said, "Master, your ancient temple is very particular about karma. Let me ask you, do you have the confidence to bear the karma of Ye Xuan?"
The old man looked at Mu Niannian and said, "Whether it is the Dao scripture or the Buddhist scripture, my ancient temple wants them both!"
Mu Niannian shrugged and said, "Then you can go fight Ye Xuan!
I don't care! "
The old man said softly, "Miss Mu, you are the most terrifying person in the Fifth Dimension. We don't want to be enemies with you!"
Mu Niannian blinked and said, "I also don't want to be enemies with you!"
The old man shook his head and said, "But we know that you have been secretly helping Ye Xuan!"
Mu Niannian smiled and said, "I really didn't!"
The old man looked at Mu Niannian and said, "Miss Tendo, we want you to stay here for a while!"
Mu Niannian smiled and said, "You want to imprison me here?"
The old man said softly, "We just want you to stay here for a while!"
Mu Niannian smiled and said, "What if I don't agree?"
The old man put his palms together and said, "Then I can only offend you!"
With that, the surrounding space started to distort.
Mu Niannian smiled, and then he said, "Farewell!"
With that, she pulled the woman beside her and took a step forward. With that step, she and the Dao World Dao Spirit appeared in the Fifth Dimension!
In the starry sky, the old man was stunned.
That's it?
The old man was stunned for a while. He turned his head and looked down. At this moment, his eyes were filled with fear!
How strong is this woman?
...
In the Fifth Dimension.
Tendo's Pawnshop. Mu Niannian looked around and said with a smile, "I really miss Xiao Dao. I should have gone to see her before!"
The woman beside her smiled and said, "We can go up again next time!"
Tendo smiled and said, "That's true!"
At this moment, a man walked in from outside the door.
It was Ye Xuan!
Ye Xuan hurried to go up when he saw the Heavenly Law. He grabbed the Heavenly Law and said happily, "You finally showed up!"
Tendo blinked and said, "What are you doing?"
Ye Xuan said seriously, "I missed you so much!"
At the side, the woman looked at Ye Xuan and her eyes were full of curiosity.
Mu Niannian smiled and said, "Missed me?
Missed me what? "
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "I always feel uneasy when you're not here!"
Mu Niannian smiled and said, "I'll introduce a new friend to you!"
As she spoke, she looked at the woman beside her. "Her name is Xiao You, and she's my friend!"
Ye Xuan looked at Xiao You and said with a smile, "Hello!"
Xiao You nodded slightly and looked at Tendo. "Is he the human you were talking about?"
Tendo smiled and said, "Yes!"
Upon hearing this, Xiao You looked at Ye Xuan and sized up Ye Xuan. "Are you a good person?"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Tendo shook her head and smiled. "Silly girl!"
As she spoke, she looked at Ye Xuan. "She's the Dao World's Tendo!"
The Dao World's Tendo!
Upon hearing this, Ye Xuan was stunned. "Tendo?
The Dao World's Tendo? "
Mu Niannian nodded. "Yes!"
Ye Xuan looked at Xiao You, and Xiao You sized him up.
Ye Xuan looked at Mu Niannian. "Miss Tendo … Did you bring the Dao World's Tendo down?"
Mu Niannian smiled and said, "Is there a problem?"
Upon hearing this, Ye Xuan's expression became a little strange.
Wasn't this woman too playful?
She had actually brought the Dao World's Tendo down!
He had actually brought down the Dao World's Heavenly Dao!
What was she trying to do?
Mu Niannian suddenly smiled and said, "Isn't it good to let her help you?"
Ye Xuan hesitated for a while before saying, "It's good, but … this is still a little unbelievable!"
The Dao World's Tendo was here!
Ye Xuan felt that this was a little crazy!
Mu Niannian Xiao Dao said, "Don't you need Spirit Qi?
She can help you! "
Ye Xuan looked at Xiao You and said with a smile, "No matter what, since you've come to the Fifth Dimension, you'll be one of us in the future. Don't worry. If anyone bullies you in the future, just tell them my name. You can do whatever you want in the Fifth Dimension!"
Mu Niannian shook her head and smiled, not saying anything.
Xiao You blinked. "The people of the Dao World bullied me in the past!"
The Dao World!
Ye Xuan's eyelids twitched. He smiled and said, "Don't worry. One day, we'll conquer the Dao World!"
Mu Niannian glanced at Ye Xuan without saying anything.
Xiao You looked at the Tendo. "Nian Nian, will I stay here in the future?"
The Tendo nodded and said with a smile, "You can stay here for the time being. If he needs Spirit Qi in the future, you can help him by giving him some Spirit Qi!"
Xiao You nodded. "Okay!"
The Tendo looked at Ye Xuan. "How is your Fifth Dimension Great Array?"
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "It's already on a certain scale."
The Tendo said softly, "No one has ever united all the experts in the Fifth Dimension. You are the first, but I can tell you that you have many enemies!"
Ye Xuan looked at the Tendo. "Can you tell me about the relationship between the Prophet and Ye Qingzhi?"
The Tendo was silent.
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "I should know the truth now!"
Mu Niannian nodded. "Indeed!
In fact, it's very simple. The Prophet is Ye Qingzhi. His ancestor was a super expert, Ye Lanting, who obtained a remnant page of a Dao Scripture. She was the first expert in the Dao World to break through to the Self Release Realm!
Later, she went to search for the complete Dao Scripture, but she disappeared!
Countless years later, a super genius appeared in the Ye family, Ye Qingzhi. He reached the Self Release Realm before the age of 20!
Countless experts in the Dao World believed that he had a Dao Scripture on him, so they exterminated the Ye family. He escaped to an ancient temple and used the reincarnation technique to become you! "
Ye Xuan was startled. "Become me?
What do you mean? "
Mu Niannian said calmly, "You can understand it this way. Ye Qingzhi was the previous incarnation of the Prophet, and your previous incarnation was almost the Prophet!"
Ye Xuan frowned. "Almost?"
Mu Niannian nodded. "When he entered the cycle of reincarnation, he had to choose a host. He understood the Dao of Reincarnation very well, and he wanted to choose a person with great karmic luck, which was you. However, he was killed during the process of reincarnation!"
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "The woman in the plain dress!"
Mu Niannian nodded. "But she was a bit too late. Because at that time, he was almost done!
Although he was killed by the woman in the plain dress, his karma fell on you. The woman in the plain dress wanted to sever the karma between you and him, but due to certain reasons, she didn't do so. "
As she spoke, she looked at Ye Xuan. "If it wasn't for the woman in the plain dress, you would be the Prophet now. It was precisely because of this that he committed a great taboo. Or perhaps it should be said that he severely underestimated the woman by your side!
So, no matter how monstrous he was, he couldn't escape the fate of having his soul destroyed.
No matter what, you obtained all the benefits from him. You have to bear this karma unless you give away the study room now. "
After a moment of silence, Ye Xuan said, "I understand!
What about my other two karmic luck? "
He remembered that the woman in the ponytail had said that he had three karmic luck!
Mu Niannian rolled her eyes at Ye Xuan. "Big Brother, I'm not a fortune-teller, nor am I a karmic luck teller. Don't ask me everything, okay?"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
....
PS: Yesterday, a reader said it very well. If you have a toothache, take a blue Carefree Pill.





Chapter 1212
Inside the pawnshop, Ye Xuan was silent.
At this moment, he understood the cause and effect relationship between him and the Prophet.
Ye Qing knew!
Although he was not the Prophet, he had obtained the benefits of the Prophet. Naturally, he had to bear the Prophet's cause and effect.
Tendo suddenly smiled and said, "Do you want to improve your body?"
Ye Xuan looked at Tendo and said, "It can still be improved?"
Tendo raised the corner of her mouth and said, "Of course!
Whether it is martial arts or sword arts, there is no limit. The same goes for the body!
Of course, with your current body, it can be said that it has reached the limit of the Fifth Dimension!
However, this is not enough! "
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "How?"
The Fifth Dimension was currently building a large array. To be honest, he did not have 100% confidence in being the eye of the array!
That was a large array that gathered the power of the Fifth Dimension!
If he could not withstand it, it would be a tragedy for him!
Therefore, if he could improve his body again, it would definitely be a great thing for him.
Mu Niannian looked at Ye Xuan's body and said, "Now there are two ways. The first is dual cultivation!"
Dual cultivation!
Ye Xuan was stunned. Then, his expression became a little strange. He looked at Mu Niannian and smiled. "Miss Tian, we … are not suitable, right?"
Mu Niannian's mouth slightly raised and she waved her lily-white hand.
Boom!
Without any warning, Ye Xuan flew out. This time, he flew thousands of feet away. When he stopped, his body cracked like a spider web!
Blood splattered everywhere!
Ye Xuan was a little confused.
What was this woman's strength?
At this moment, Tendo appeared in front of him with Xiao You. Tendo looked at Ye Xuan and said with a smile, "You said those words because you wanted to see my strength. Do you see it now?"
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Miss Tendo … You are too terrifying!"
Originally, he thought that he already had the strength to fight Tendo, but now it seemed that this woman was unfathomable!
Tendo said with a smile: "Don't think too much about it. It's because I know the weakness of your body that I was able to destroy it!"
Ye Xuan glanced at the Tendo. As if I'd believe you. You're a bad woman!
The Tendo suddenly said, "I'll take you to a place!"
After that, she grabbed Ye Xuan's shoulder and disappeared on the spot.
After a while, Tendo brought Ye Xuan and Xiao You to the top of a snowy mountain. The surroundings were covered in ice, and it was bone-chilling cold.
Ye Xuan sized up the surroundings and said, "Miss Tendo, where are we?"
The Tendo smiled. "A place that has been sealed for a very, very long time."
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "I've absorbed Ice Soul before!"
The Tendo nodded. "I know!"
After that, she gently moved her lily-white hand forward. In an instant, the iceberg in front of the three of them suddenly split into two!
The Tendo smiled. "Let's go!"
After that, she led Ye Xuan and Xiao You towards the depths of the iceberg.
On the way, Ye Xuan suddenly asked, "Miss Tendo, have you been to the Dao World?"
Mu Niannian nodded.
Ye Xuan asked again, "Are the people of the Dao World really that strong?"
Mu Niannian smiled. "They are stronger than here and in the Sixth Dimension!
That's because they are blessed by nature! "
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Because of the Dao Scripture?"
Mu Niannian nodded. "Yes!"
Ye Xuan asked again, "Is the Dao Scripture really such a divine artifact?"
Mu Niannian said softly, "It is indeed an extraordinary book."
Ye Xuan looked at Mu Niannian. "Have you read it?"
Mu Niannian shook her head. "I haven't read it, and I don't really want to read it!"
Ye Xuan was puzzled.
"Why?"
Mu Niannian smiled. "Most of the time, the path that you walk is your own path. The path that others give you is their path, not your own. Do you understand?"
Xiao You suddenly said, "But the people of the Dao World all want others to give them a path!"
Mu Niannian smiled. "That's them!"
Then, she glanced at Ye Xuan. "It's smart of you to use the Dao Scripture to make a deal with the Sixth Dimension. Of course, I appreciate that you don't take the Dao Scripture seriously!"
Ye Xuan was silent.
In fact, he had the same thought as Mu Niannian. Most of the time, the path that you walk is your own path!
This was also the reason why he chose to let the plain-dressed woman leave!
Of course, he had never thought that those people would take the initiative to provoke the plain-dressed woman!
Heaven had pity on him. He had always wanted to rely on himself to walk the Dao!
But these enemies had nothing better to do than to provoke the plain-dressed woman …
At this time, Mu Niannian said, "The origin of the Dao Scripture is unknown. Perhaps the person who sent the Dao Scripture had good intentions, but it could also have a deeper meaning. Regardless of the purpose, the world is now within the rules set by him."
Ye Xuan looked at Mu Niannian. "What about you?"
Mu Niannian looked at Ye Xuan and said with a smile, "You are really curious about my strength!"
Ye Xuan smiled awkwardly. "Yes!"
Mu Niannian smiled. "Don't think too much about it!
I have no ill intentions towards you! "
Then, she paused and said, "Actually, you might not know, but in the entire Fifth Dimension, the Sixth Dimension, and the Dao World, the biggest threat to you is actually me!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Mu Niannian blinked. "Do you still remember when you separated from the plain-dressed woman by the river?"
Ye Xuan nodded. At that time, the Tendo was also there!
Mu Niannian said with a smile, "Actually, she wanted to kill me at that time!"
Ye Xuan was stunned. "Wanted to kill you?"
Mu Niannian nodded. "Once she left, I had the ability to kill you before she returned. Only I have this ability.
But in the end, she did not do so! "
Ye Xuan was somewhat puzzled. "Why?"
Mu Niannian blinked and smiled playfully. "Because I am smart!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Mu Niannian suddenly stopped. In front of her was an ice palace.
Ye Xuan looked at the ice palace. The ice palace was very large, like a giant city. In front of the ice palace, there were dozens of ice men.
Ye Xuan looked at Mu Niannian. "These are?"
Mu Niannian said with a smile, "They used to be an ancient foreign force."
Ye Xuan frowned slightly. "Foreign force?"
Mu Niannian nodded. "A long time ago, many people coveted this Fifth Dimension and wanted to enslave this universe. In the end, they were all killed by me!
Of course, I also sealed some of them! "
Ye Xuan glanced at Mu Niannian. He had to say that those foreign forces were really tragic!
Because they certainly did not expect that the Tendo of this small universe was actually so abnormal!
It could be said that this Tendo was the best Tendo he had ever seen!
But then again, who would have thought that a Tendo would actually cultivate?
Moreover, she was learning from the various races …
Tendo was not scary. What was scary was that Tendo was cultured!
At this time, Xiao You said softly, "If only I was as powerful as you, Nian Nian!"
Mu Niannian said with a smile, "Let me tell you, I am really not powerful. For example, I can't beat the plain-dressed woman!"
"Oh my God!"
At this time, the voice of the Ninth Floor suddenly sounded in the pagoda.
Ye Xuan asked inwardly, "What's wrong?"
The Ninth Floor sighed softly.
Sighing, "I can only say that this Heavenly Dao is truly too terrifying!
She is obviously so powerful, but she keeps saying that she is not powerful at all!
This woman knows how to hide her strength. She is really scary! "
Ye Xuan nodded.
In fact, whether it was the Dao World or the Sixth Dimension, or even Ye Xuan, most people would subconsciously ignore this Tendo!
Why?
Because she usually laughed and laughed, making people feel that she was not scary at all!
This was actually very scary!
At this time, Mu Niannian walked to the gate of the Ice Palace. She gently waved her lily-white hand, and the gate of the Ice Palace opened directly. A bone-piercing cold air floated out of it. Mu Niannian gently waved her lily-white hand, and the cold air disappeared without a trace.
Mu Niannian walked inside, and Ye Xuan and Xiao You hurriedly followed her.
After entering the palace, Ye Xuan found that there were many ice people around. Based on their movements, it was obvious that they were frozen very suddenly.
Mu Niannian walked towards the depths of the ice hall. Not long later, the three of them arrived at the end of the hall. At the end of the hall stood a woman. She wore a snow-white dress, with a cloak on her back!
It was worth mentioning that this woman was very beautiful. Among all the women Ye Xuan had seen, she could definitely be ranked in the top three!
She was a woman that could move any man's heart!
Of course, he naturally didn't have any other thoughts. He was a Swordsman who had comprehended the Sword Domain and Sword Intent at any rate, so he still had this bit of mental fortitude!
Right at this moment, Xiao You suddenly said, "Look, her eyes are moving!"
Ye Xuan looked at the woman when he heard this. Sure enough, her eyes were actually moving!
She was looking at Mu Niannian!
Ye Xuan was stunned, and then he gazed at Mu Niannian. Mu Niannian smiled and said, "I sealed her in ice, but I only restricted her freedom. I didn't make her fall into a deep sleep. I wanted her to be like this. She's conscious, but she can't move!"
As she spoke, she gazed at Ye Xuan and smiled, "Do you think I'm very cruel?"
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment before he said, "I don't know what happened, so I won't comment on it!"
Mu Niannian smiled, and then she walked over to the frozen woman. She gazed at the woman and noticed that the woman's expression was calm. There was no rage or hatred in her eyes, and she was calm to the point it was slightly abnormal.
Meanwhile, Mu Niannian suddenly waved her right hand, and then the mysterious energy that confined the woman vanished without a trace.
It didn't take long for the woman to regain her freedom!
Once she regained her freedom, she gazed at Mu Niannian. In the next moment, she took a step forward, and the temperature in the surroundings suddenly plummeted!
At this moment, Ye Xuan's expression changed drastically because he noticed that his body had actually started to freeze inch by inch!
Domain of Ice!
Ye Xuan hurriedly activated the Sword Domain, and his body gradually returned to normal at the instant that it appeared.
Meanwhile, Mu Niannian smiled and said, "Looks like you haven't wasted your time here in the past few years for nothing!
You've actually comprehended Domain of Ice here, and you've even attained the Self Release Realm. How rare! "
The woman stared fixedly at the Tendo, "Underestimating me will be the greatest mistake of your life!"
Right at this moment, Mu Niannian suddenly vanished on the spot. A moment later, her hand suddenly grabbed the woman's neck, and the woman's eyes opened wide with disbelief!
Because at this moment, her Domain of Ice had actually disappeared without a trace!
Mu Niannian slowly lifted the woman up and smiled, "Are you surprised?
Are you surprised? "
The woman stared fixedly at Mu Niannian, "Exactly how strong are you!?"
Ye Xuan gazed at Mu Niannian as well because he wanted to know the answer to that question as well!
Mu Niannian chuckled, "Actually, I'm not strong at all. For example, I can't defeat this woman in a simple dress!
Hehe …. "
Ye Xuan almost fainted when he heard this!
Motherfucker ….
..





Chapter 1213
He couldn't beat the plain-dressed woman!
Ye Xuan was speechless!
Big sister, can't you use a different analogy?
You make it sound like you're very weak!
In the distance, the woman in front of Mu Niannian stared at Mu Niannian. At this moment, her beautiful face had a trace of helplessness.
The woman in front of her was much stronger than she had expected!
She wasn't her match at all!
Mu Niannian suddenly released her hand, and the woman fell to the ground. The woman didn't make a move because she knew it was meaningless!
Mu Niannian suddenly opened her palm, and the woman in front of her suddenly shuddered violently. Then, her entire face turned pale, and very quickly, a powerful aura suddenly swept out from her body.
Bloodline aura!
Ye Xuan was struck dumb at the sight of this.
The woman in front of him actually had the power of a bloodline!
At this moment, the power of a bloodline suddenly erupted with a powerful force that shook towards Mu Niannian!
Mu Niannian gently waved her lily-white hand, and the powerful force disappeared without a trace.
At this moment, the woman collapsed to the ground and stared at the Tendo in front of her. "What do you mean!"
Mu Niannian smiled and said, "What do I mean?
I want to activate the mortal bloodline in your body! "
Mortal bloodline!
Ye Xuan was stunned.
He had heard of it before. The Tendo of the Fifth Dimension had once told him that there were very few bloodlines that could compare to his bloodline. It just so happened that this mortal bloodline was one of them!
Ye Xuan looked at the beautiful woman. This woman actually had the bloodline of a mortal?
Mu Niannian suddenly looked at Ye Xuan and said with a smile, "This woman's ancestor is not simple …"
As she said this, the corners of her mouth curled up. "You don't mind if I suck up some karma for you, right?"
Ye Xuan hurriedly said, "I mind, I mind very much!"
He knew that the woman in front of him definitely wanted to do something bad!
Mu Niannian smiled and said, "Don't you want to break through?"
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment before he said, "Yes, but you wouldn't come up with any bad ideas, right?"
Mu Niannian blinked. "It's not a bad idea. It's a good idea!"
With that, she opened her palm. The World Prison Pagoda suddenly flew out from within Ye Xuan's body and landed steadily in her hand.
Ye Xuan's expression changed. "What are you trying to do!"
Mu Niannian ignored Ye Xuan and turned around to look at the beautiful woman in front of her. "You've lucked out!"
With that said, she pointed a finger at the beautiful woman's forehead. In an instant, the beautiful woman's cultivation was sealed.
The absolute beauty glared at Mu Niannian, "What do you want to do!"
Mu Niannian did not reply. She turned to look at Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan hurriedly said, "Miss Tendo, let's talk things out. Don't act recklessly!"
Tendo smiled mischievously. "I'm not acting recklessly. It's a good idea!"
With that said, she pointed a finger at Ye Xuan's chest. In an instant, Ye Xuan's cultivation was sealed.
Ye Xuan was dumbfounded.
What is this woman trying to do?
Following that, Tendo took out two blue pills. With a point of her finger, the two blue pills flew into Ye Xuan's and the beautiful woman's mouths. In an instant, their bodies became hot!
Ye Xuan was stunned for a moment before his expression changed. "This is an aphrodisiac!"
Tendo blinked. "Yes!
Hehe! "
Ye Xuan was about to speak when Tendo smiled mischievously. "You two have fun!"
With that said, she pulled Xiao You and disappeared on the spot.
Ye Xuan's expression changed. He was about to speak when his whole body turned red!
In the distance, the beautiful woman's eyes became misty …
In fact, both of them were not weak. Ordinary drugs would not work on them. However, the problem was that Tendo had sealed their cultivation!
Without cultivation, they were just like ordinary people!
The woman stared at Ye Xuan with eyes full of resentment.
Ye Xuan spread out his hands. "She did it!
I'm also a victim, okay? "
The woman's expression suddenly became ferocious. In the next moment, she directly threw herself in front of Ye Xuan and frantically took off Ye Xuan's clothes. Ye Xuan could not stop her at all.
After a while, both of them were naked.
Ye Xuan found that the woman in front of him was very proactive …
The moment the two of them joined together, the blood in their bodies suddenly trembled. Soon, a mass of blood light enveloped both of them …
During the process, both of their blood began to boil and then fuse. It should be said that they were absorbing each other's blood. However, gradually, the woman's blood began to be suppressed by Ye Xuan.
This went on for a long time before the two of them stopped.
After it was over, the woman lay at the side. She just looked at the sky with empty eyes!
Humiliation!
To her, this was naturally a very humiliating thing!
As if she had thought of something, she looked at Ye Xuan. Besides killing intent, there was also resentment in her eyes!
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment and then said, "Why do men always feel that when something like this happens between a woman and a man, the woman is always the one at a disadvantage?
We men are also at a disadvantage, okay?
Also, you know that I'm also a victim!
I feel very wronged too! "
The woman suddenly clenched her fists and her chest heaved up and down. It was a spectacular sight.
Anger!
Because of her anger, the drug in the woman's body seemed to have taken effect again. Therefore, she rushed towards Ye Xuan again.
This time, she was like a fierce horse, galloping unhindered.
After another hour passed, the woman stopped. She just lay on top of Ye Xuan and stared fixedly at Ye Xuan. However, Ye Xuan pushed her away, put on his clothes, and walked towards the distance.
The woman slowly closed her eyes where she stood, and two streams of clear liquid flowed out from the corners of her eyes.
Ye Xuan found the Fifth Dimension Tendo. Mu Niannian gazed at him and smiled, "How do you feel?"
Ye Xuan gazed at Mu Niannian. "I want to become strong, but I don't want to do it in such a way!"
Mu Niannian suddenly waved his right hand.
Bang!
Ye Xuan's entire body was blasted flying. He flew for an entire 30km, and the space in his path was obliterated inch by inch!
In an instant, the 30km of space in front of Ye Xuan and Mu Niannian had been transformed into a pitch black hole!
Ye Xuan's body cracked, and blood splattered everywhere. He looked like a man made of blood!
Mu Niannian took a step forward, and with this step, she arrived in front of Ye Xuan. She looked at Ye Xuan and sneered, "Who do you think you are?"
Ye Xuan looked at Mu Niannian. Mu Niannian smiled, "Mercy?
Do you think you have the right to be merciful?
Do you?
Do you know the cruelty of this world?
Do you know what will happen to the women around you if you fail?
They will live worse than dogs. Do you understand? "
Ye Xuan was silent.
Mu Niannian continued, "Yes, you have the plain-dressed woman behind you. With her, you will not die. However, you will live under her shadow for the rest of your life!
But have you ever thought about what would happen without her?
Without her, you would not be called Ye Xuan. You would be called Ye Qingzhi. Do you understand?
Forgive me for being blunt, but a hundred of you cannot compare to one Ye Qingzhi. You do not have the right to fight him. You won because of the plain-dressed woman, not because of yourself. Do you understand? "
Ye Xuan was silent.
Mu Niannian sneered, "Why did the Sixth Dimension help you?
Do you think it is because you are handsome?
No, they are afraid of the plain-dressed woman. That is why they helped you!
Why did the Spirit Realm submit to you?
Did you shoot it down yourself?
No, it was the woman with the gun who helped you!
Use your pig brain to think. Without them, how will you fight against Guan Yin?
How will you fight against the Sixth Dimension?
How will you fight against the Dao Realm? "
As she said this, she glanced at Ye Xuan, "Have you ever thought about what will happen to your friends and the women around you if you lose?
Those with a strong temperament will commit suicide to preserve their innocence. Those with a weak temperament will become someone's plaything in bed. At that time, do you think your enemies will be merciful to you and the people around you? "
Ye Xuan looked at Mu Niannian. "A person should have a bottom line!"
Mu Niannian suddenly shouted angrily, "Is a bottom line something that weaklings can talk about?
Let me tell you, you talk about a bottom line now because you are living a good life. If you live in purgatory, you will find that a bottom line is worthless. "
As she said this, she stared at Ye Xuan. "Right now, I want to kill you. I want to kill all of your friends and imprison all of your women. What can you do about it?
Tell me, what can you do about it?
Are you going to talk about a bottom line with me? "
Ye Xuan was silent.
Mu Niannian sneered, "You are now the Master of the Fifth Dimension. It sounds very awesome, but do you know how you became the Master of the Fifth Dimension?
It was the people behind you who helped you get it!
Let me ask you, without the plain-clothed woman, how can you compete with the Prophet?
The Prophet's ten thousand year plan was cut down by the plain-clothed woman, but without her?
How can you, Ye Xuan, compete with her?
Without her, there would be no Ye Xuan in this world. Let me ask you again, the Sword Sect is such a powerful force. Without the green-clothed man, would they recognize you as their master?
I'm afraid you are dreaming. The Spirit Realm is such a powerful place. Without the spear-wielding woman, would they submit to you?
They are afraid they won't be able to kill you!
If the Sixth Dimension wasn't scared by the plain-clothed woman's sword, would they express goodwill to you?
Do you really think that you are the most monstrous genius in the universe and that people want to curry favor with you?
They are giving face to the plain-clothed woman! "
As she said this, she stared at Ye Xuan and pointed at Ye Xuan's chest. "Tell me, without them, what can you do?"
Ye Xuan was silent.
Mu Niannian pointed at the sky. "Right now, your enemies are the Dao World and the ancient temple. Do you know how powerful they are?
Do you think your Fifth Dimension Great Array can stop them?
Let's not talk about them. Let's talk about the Fifth Dimension Tribulation. If you want to stop it, do you know how terrifying it is?
No, you don't know how terrifying it is because you are used to people helping you.
You have never been forced into a desperate situation, so you don't know what despair is. "
As she said this, she shook her head. "When your sister left, she said that they are too kind to you. This is what I want to tell you. They are really too kind to you!
Being a second generation isn't a bad thing, but you can't be proud of being a second generation.
The country that father conquered is father's. It has nothing to do with you.
What kind of ability is ruling the country?
Conquering the country is a real man!
Also … "
As she said this, she looked at Ye Xuan and pointed at Ye Xuan's chest. "The plain-clothed woman is so powerful. As long as she doesn't want to die, she basically won't die.
However, my intuition tells me that if she dies one day, it will definitely be because of you, Ye Xuan!
Because only you, Ye Xuan, can make her die!
An extremely powerful person isn't afraid of a god-like opponent, but she will definitely be afraid of a pig-like teammate. Do you understand? "
As she said this, she walked to the side. As if she wasn't satisfied, she punched out. In an instant, hundreds of thousands of li in front of her turned into nothingness!
She hated iron for not becoming steel!
...
PS: I suddenly discovered that my readers aren't particularly serious … Because of a toothache, many readers revealed their true nature …





Chapter 1214
In the air, Ye Xuan stood silently.
In fact, he had thought about what Mu Niannian had said seriously.
However, he was helpless most of the time.
For example, he had enemies in the Sixth Dimension even though he had not left the Fifth Dimension!
Where did these enemies come from?
He, Ye Xuan, did not provoke them!
Some enemies were acquired, but some enemies were born!
At this moment, a figure suddenly soared into the sky.
It was the woman from before!
Mu Niannian sneered, "You want to leave?
Have you asked for my permission? "
With that, she gently pulled with her lily-white hand.
Boom!
In the distant sky, the woman fell directly in front of Mu Niannian and Ye Xuan.
The woman stared at Mu Niannian.
Mu Niannian looked at Ye Xuan. "Kill her!"
Ye Xuan was stunned.
The woman glanced at Ye Xuan but did not speak.
Mu Niannian looked straight at Ye Xuan. "Kill her!"
After a moment of silence, Ye Xuan said with a smile, "I won't!"
Mu Niannian looked at Ye Xuan but did not speak.
Ye Xuan chuckled. "Qing 'er has never asked me to do or not do anything because she wants me to live according to my wishes.
Lady Tendo, I know that you have helped me a lot. You said so much to me just now for my own good, but I don't want to be the kind of person you want me to be. I am me, I am not anyone's puppet, and I don't want to be a person without a bottom line. At least, I will never do things that go against my conscience just to become stronger! "
Mu Niannian looked at Ye Xuan for a moment and smiled. Then, she looked at the woman not far from Ye Xuan. "You can live!"
The woman said nothing.
Mu Niannian suddenly walked in front of Ye Xuan and said, "Ye Xuan, in this life, there are very few people who can do things that go against their conscience. Because in Jianghu, there is no free will.
You're ruthless enough, but you're not cruel enough. In other words, you'll only be cruel if someone touches your reverse scale.
Of course, if a person was too cruel and didn't have a merciful heart or a bottom line, he would definitely be an unpleasant person.
You are able to gather so many people around you, not only because of the plain-dressed woman and the others, but also a large part of the reason is because of you, because you treat your own people well.
But … "
When she spoke up to here, she paused for a moment and said, "I'm afraid, afraid that you'll encounter someone like me one day. Because if that happens, then you'll lose utterly!
Especially women. Some women are a hundred or a thousand times scarier than you can imagine when they become ruthless. "
Obviously, she was referring to the woman beside her.
Just as Ye Xuan was about to speak, Mu Niannian suddenly pointed at the woman not far from him. "For example, her. Do you know what she did when she came to this universe?"
Ye Xuan glanced at the woman and shook his head. "No matter what she did, I shouldn't have forced myself to have sex with her. Although I wasn't willing, it's my fault. It's my fault, I'll admit it!"
This kind of coercion was shameless to him!
Hearing Ye Xuan's words, the woman glanced at Ye Xuan and didn't speak.
Mu Niannian looked at Ye Xuan for a moment and said with a smile, "Have you ever thought that, as I said before, if you fail, your friends and the women around you will be very miserable? Because since ancient times, the winner is king and the loser is vilified. The loser will either die or live a life worse than death.
At that time, your enemy won't care about mercy or bottom line.
Human nature doesn't have a bottom line.
Because humans aren't animals. Animals can only eat until they are full. Humans can save and calculate. Most of the time, they can do anything for money or to become stronger! "
Ye Xuan looked straight at Mu Niannian. "If others don't have a bottom line, that's their business. But I, Ye Xuan, must have a bottom line.
If a businessman doesn't have a bottom line, then he's a profiteer. If a man doesn't have a bottom line, then he's a beast. Because only beasts can do anything.
Nian Nian, being cruel doesn't mean that you don't have a bottom line or principles. "
Saying that, he pointed at the woman not far away. "She's done something evil. You can punish her, you can kill her, you can even seal her and let her suffer for ten thousand years of loneliness. But you really shouldn't treat her in this way."
Mu Niannian looked at Ye Xuan. "Are you blaming me?"
Ye Xuan didn't back down and looked at Mu Niannian. "Yes!
I respect you, but that doesn't mean you can mess around with me.
If you treat me as a friend, then please respect me.
I, Ye Xuan, can lose, can die. But I will never force a woman to have sex with me and use her body to make a breakthrough. I, Ye Xuan, am not ashamed of that kind of breakthrough.
There are thousands of ways to become strong. Why must you choose this? "
Behind Mu Niannian, Xiao You blinked. She looked at Ye Xuan with a smile on her face.
On the other side, the woman looked at Ye Xuan but didn't say anything.
Mu Niannian smiled. "Looks like I was meddlesome!"
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "You once told me that experts shouldn't impose their will on others. Then why are you imposing your will on me now?
To make me become the kind of person you want? "
Mu Niannian looked at Ye Xuan. "I don't want you to become the kind of person I want, nor do I want you to become my puppet. I just want you to be a bit more cruel!
In this world, if you aren't ruthless, you won't be able to stand firm! "
Ye Xuan was silent.
Mu Niannian continued, "I know your character. Forcing you to dual cultivate with a woman you don't know isn't your style. It goes against your heart. However, I want to tell you that heart is a double-edged sword. Especially for a Swordsman, those who are too insistent on their heart are the same as drawing a circle to trap themselves. Of course, those who don't have their heart won't be able to walk far on their path.
Don't you think it's very contradictory? "
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes!"
Mu Niannian smiled. "Think about that woman in plain dress. If she wants to kill, she kills. If she doesn't want to kill, she doesn't kill.
What is her heart? "
Ye Xuan was silent.
Mu Niannian continued, "My heart is at ease. This is a new realm above sword cognition. The heart is unfettered, and the way of the sword is at ease!"
Ye Xuan glanced at Mu Niannian. "Niannian, I think your way of thinking is wrong!"
Mu Niannian smiled. "Go on."
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "I think that a person must have a bottom line and principles. If a person has no bottom line and principles, what's the point of being a beast?
I don't know about others, but this is how I, Ye Xuan, do things. If people don't offend me, I won't offend them. If people offend me, I'll kill them. "
Saying so, he pointed at the woman not far away. "I'll say it again. If she's my enemy, I won't hesitate to kill her. I won't be lenient just because she's a woman.
But, I won't force her to have sex with me! "
At this moment, Xiao You suddenly pulled on Mu Niannian's sleeve. "Niannian, I think he's right."
Mu Niannian looked at Ye Xuan and smiled. "Continue."
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "You said that the weak don't have the right to have a bottom line and kindness. But let me ask you, if a person has no bottom line and kindness when he's weak, then will he have a bottom line and kindness when he's strong?"
Saying so, he hesitated for a moment and said, "Let me give you an example. You can't hit me, okay?"
Mu Niannian nodded. "Go ahead!"
Ye Xuan glanced at Mu Niannian. "My intuition tells me that if I dual cultivate with you, I'll become stronger. If one day you're weak, and I take advantage of your precarious situation to have sex with you, what would you think?"
Mu Niannian blinked. "You actually have such a thought!"
Ye Xuan hurriedly said, "I'm just giving an example!
An example! "
Mu Niannian lightly combed her hair behind her ear, and then she said, "Actually, this is something that I'm quite conflicted about. I hope that you'll become more cruel, but I also hope that you won't become so bad!
Because I hate people who don't have a bottom line and principles!
They're unscrupulous in order to achieve their goals, and I really don't like them. But … alas, as expected, there's no such thing as having the best of both worlds. "
Ye Xuan smiled. "Actually, it's very simple. You just have to be kind and compassionate to good people, and be cruel to bad people, right?"
Mu Niannian gazed at Ye Xuan for a long time, and then she smiled and said, "That's true!"
As she spoke, she pointed her finger at the woman by Ye Xuan's side, and this point directly sealed her cultivation!
Mu Niannian smiled and said, "I'll leave her to you!
Kill her or let her go, that's your decision.
I have to remind you that you'll be in great trouble if you let her go! "
With that, she returned the World Prison Pagoda to Ye Xuan, and then disappeared into the horizon with Xiao You.
At the end of the horizon, where Ye Xuan and the woman could not see, the smile on Mu Niannian's face gradually disappeared.
Xiao You asked softly, "Are you angry?"
Mu Niannian shook his head. "No."
Xiao You glanced at Mu Niannian and said nothing.
Mu Niannian said softly, "I'm not angry. Rather, I feel a little gratified.
He was right. If a person didn't have a bottom line and principles when they were weak, would they still have a bottom line and principles when they became strong?
I was too impatient!
But there was no other way!
I don't have much time left! "
Xiao You blinked. "What do you mean?"
Mu Niannian smiled and said, "This universe needs a person with a bottom line and principles. Otherwise, it won't be treated well.
I'm not mistaken. Come on, I'll treat you to barbecue.
Let's go fish! "
With that, she took Xiao You and disappeared into the horizon.
...
After Mu Niannian disappeared, Ye Xuan put away the World Prison Pagoda and looked at the woman beside him. The woman's expression was calm, and it was impossible to tell whether she was happy or angry.
Ye Xuan was silent for a moment, then said, "Want to talk?"
The woman did not say anything.
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "You could have committed suicide, but you didn't. Clearly, you don't want to die. So, we can talk."
The woman looked at Ye Xuan. "Talk about what?"
Ye Xuan said seriously, "You know that when we had sex, I was also passive. If you want revenge, I suggest you look for that woman just now. Her name is Mu Niannian. She's not very strong. At least, she can't beat the plain-dressed woman!"
The woman stared at Ye Xuan and did not say anything.
Ye Xuan thought for a moment, then said, "I feel that there are two possibilities between us. The first possibility is that you follow me and are conquered by my charm. Then, you become my woman, and bring the huge force behind you to pledge allegiance to me …"
The woman looked at Ye Xuan and smiled coldly, but did not say anything.
Ye Xuan nodded. "Let's talk about the second possibility!
The second possibility is that you will temporarily compromise and follow me. Then, when your cultivation recovers, you will kill me and Mu Niannian for revenge. "
The woman slowly closed her eyes. She clenched her fists, and no one knew what she was thinking.
Ye Xuan suddenly asked, "Do you know how strong that woman just now is?"
The woman looked at Ye Xuan. "She is strong. What about you?
Are you strong too? "
Ye Xuan was slightly helpless. "Big Sister, every injustice has its perpetrator, and every debt has its debtor. This ill-fated relationship between us is all because of her. Even if you want revenge, you should look for her!"
The woman said angrily, "Do you think I can beat her?"
Ye Xuan was astounded. "You can't beat her, so you hit me?"
The woman stared at Ye Xuan. "Did I have sex with her, or you and me?"
Ye Xuan said, "I did have sex with you, but she was the one who did it!
I'm a victim as well! "
The woman ridiculed. "I really feel bad for her. She did that for you, but you still want to push the blame to her. Are you a man?"
"Fuck!"
Ye Xuan looked at the woman in astonishment. This woman's way of thinking is different from ordinary people!
Ye Xuan sized her up, and then he said, "Looks like Miss wants to talk to me. Since you want to talk, then let's have a good talk.
Before that, let me give you a piece of advice. Don't think that I'll accommodate you just because you had sex with me and slept with me. I, Ye Xuan, have at least a hundred women. Really, it doesn't matter to me if I have one more or one less. "
The woman looked at Ye Xuan and didn't say anything.
Ye Xuan continued. "If Miss wants to live and regain your freedom, that's fine. However, Miss has to agree to a condition of mine.
So long as you agree to my condition, I can let you regain your freedom and your strength. "
He really wanted to let this woman go, but she was at the Self Release Realm!
If he let her go now, he might not be able to stop her if she did anything rash.
So, he could only choose a tactful method.
The woman looked at Ye Xuan with an expressionless face. "What? You want to enslave me?"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "No, I need you to follow me for three years. After three years, you'll regain your freedom."
Three years!
The woman looked at Ye Xuan. "You want to sleep with me for three years?"
Ye Xuan said angrily, "Why are your thoughts so dirty?
Am I, Ye Xuan, such a person?
I want you to follow me for three years and fight for me. What do you mean sleep with you for three years? Dream on! "
The woman stared at Ye Xuan and clenched her fists. One could see that she was furious from the rise and fall of her chest.
Ye Xuan looked at the woman. "How about it?"
The woman said, "Recover my strength first!"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "Dream on!"
This woman looked really angry. If he recovered her strength, wouldn't she beat him to death?
The woman was speechless.
Ye Xuan said, "Can I?
Just tell me. "
The woman was silent for a moment. "Let me tell you. You should listen to her and kill me. Otherwise, you will regret it!"
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "We did it so many times. Will you have a child?"
The woman suddenly looked up at Ye Xuan. She was furious. "Scram!"
Her voice was like thunder, shaking the snowy mountains!
Ye Xuan was speechless.
.....





Chapter 1215
Ye Xuan glanced at the crazed woman in front of him and muttered inwardly, 'Is there a need to be so angry?'
The woman glared at Ye Xuan, her eyes ferocious as if she wanted to devour him whole.
Ye Xuan smiled sheepishly, "Let's not talk about this. What do you think of the conditions I mentioned earlier?"
The woman slowly closed her eyes, "Let me recover my strength first!"
Ye Xuan smiled, "I'll be the first person you'll fight when you recover your strength, right?"
The woman looked at Ye Xuan, "How can I help you fight if I can't recover my strength?"
Ye Xuan looked at the woman, "Give me a strand of your soul!"
The woman narrowed her eyes.
Ye Xuan turned to leave.
The woman in front of him was definitely not a good person, otherwise she wouldn't have been sealed here by Mu Niannian for so many years!
He naturally didn't think that he could conquer such a woman with his charm, nor did he think that she would fall head over heels in love with him after a night with him. Ye Xuan wasn't that naive!
Ever since he came into contact with Mu Niannian, he didn't dare to look down on women at all!
At this moment, the woman behind him suddenly said, "I agree to your conditions!"
Ye Xuan stopped and looked at the woman behind him. The woman opened her palm and a strand of soul appeared in her palm. Soon, the strand of soul floated in front of Ye Xuan.
She knew that if she didn't follow the man in front of her, that woman would never let her off!
That woman had wanted to kill her just now!
Ye Xuan put away the strand of soul and said, "Let's go!"
The woman frowned, "Help me recover my strength!"
Ye Xuan spread his hands, "I can't do that!
But I can take you to find Nian Nian! "
The woman looked at Ye Xuan, "You can do it!"
Ye Xuan waved his right hand and a sword landed in front of the woman, "Come on up!"
With that, he walked up to the sword.
The woman didn't go up.
Ye Xuan turned to look at the woman. "How about I carry you to find her?"
The woman didn't hesitate any longer and directly walked onto the sword. Ye Xuan pointed with his finger and the sword soared into the sky. Caught off guard, the woman almost fell down. Fortunately, she reacted quickly and hurriedly hugged Ye Xuan. But just as she hugged him, she was about to let go, but she still didn't let go.
If he let go, wouldn't he fall?
The woman looked at Ye Xuan. "You did it on purpose!"
Ye Xuan sternly said, "Miss, please don't think of others as such filthy things. Go ask around in the Fifth Dimension and see what kind of person I, Ye Xuan, am."
The woman said mockingly, "Does a shameless and lowly person like you still need to inquire about it?"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The woman suddenly said, "That Tendo is called Mu Niannian?"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Are you interested in her?"
The woman didn't say anything.
Ye Xuan said, "How about this? You ask me a question, and I'll ask you a question!"
The woman glanced at Ye Xuan. "Sure!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "How should I address you, miss?"
The woman said indifferently, "Qian Mo!"
Qian Mo!
Ye Xuan nodded slightly. "Miss Qian Mo, ask away!"
The woman looked at Ye Xuan. "What's your relationship with that Mu Niannian?"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Friend, good friend!"
Qian Mo was silent.
Ye Xuan asked again, "Miss Qian Mo, where are you from?"
Qian Mo said indifferently, "Dao World."
Dao World!
Ye Xuan nodded slightly. "Ask away!"
Qian Mo was expressionless. "What bloodline power do you have?"
This was what she was most curious about, because it could suppress her bloodline.
It was very, very rare!
Moreover, after dual cultivating with Ye Xuan, she found that her bloodline showed signs of breaking through!
If she dual cultivated with him a few more times …
Thinking of this, she lowered her head slightly.
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Crazy Demon Bloodline!"
Qian Mo frowned slightly. "Never heard of it!"
Ye Xuan said seriously, "Miss Qian Mo, I have something to tell you. Don't be angry, is that alright?"
Qian Mo looked at Ye Xuan and said, "What do you want to say?"
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "When I dual cultivated with you just now, I found that a lot of energy was lost!"
Hearing this, Qian Mo's expression turned ugly.
Ye Xuan quickly said, "I don't mean anything else. I just want to discuss. I'm a person who has already broken away from vulgar interests. I don't have any evil thoughts in my heart. Really, I swear on my character!"
Qian Mo fell silent for a moment and said, "That's because our minds weren't clear at that time, and we didn't properly absorb the energy produced by the fusion of our bloodlines. As a result, a lot of the energy leaked along with your essence!"
Ye Xuan asked, "How much did we waste?"
Qian Mo thought for a moment and said, "At least 60%!"
60%!
Ye Xuan was stunned, and then he shook his head and sighed. "What a waste!"
Qian Mo fell silent.
Actually, her bloodline was already showing signs of breaking through. If she absorbed all the energy earlier, it wouldn't be able to break through, but it would definitely change the shackles of her bloodline and improve further. If they did it a few more times, then they might even be able to use Ye Xuan's Crazy Demon Bloodline to break through completely!
If that really happened, then she would be the first in the history of her family!
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Miss Qian Mo, why would our bloodlines be strengthened when we dual cultivate?"
Qian Mo said indifferently, "Bloodline complements."
Ye Xuan nodded slightly. "I understand!"
Qian Mo glanced at Ye Xuan and didn't say anything.
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Miss Qian Mo, do you know about the Imperial Clans and the Demon Dao Clans?"
Qian Mo said indifferently, "Who doesn't know about them in the Dao World?"
Ye Xuan asked, "How does your family compare to them in the Dao World?"
Qian Mo was expressionless and didn't say anything.
Just as Ye Xuan was about to ask, Qian Mo suddenly said, "They're gone!
They disappeared from the Dao World many years ago. "
Ye Xuan was stunned, and then he said, "Then why did Miss Qian Mo come to the Fifth Dimension?"
Qian Mo said coldly, "What does it have to do with you?"
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "If I'm not wrong, Miss Qian Mo came to escape!
If your family loses power, it will definitely not be safe in the Dao World. If you escape, you might have a chance to revive your family, right? "
Qian Mo sneered, "Keep guessing!"
Ye Xuan said, "Do you want to fight your way back to the Dao World?"
Qian Mo frowned slightly. "Are you making fun of me?"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "Miss Qian Mo, you might not know, but the Dao World is my enemy now!"
Qian Mo stared at Ye Xuan. "What did you do?"
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Rumor has it that the Dao World has a mysterious book called the Dao Scripture. That thing is in my hands!"
"Impossible!"
Qian Mo's voice suddenly became louder. "How could that mysterious book be in your hands?
Ye Xuan, did you dual cultivate too much? Is there something wrong with your brain? "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Qian Mo snorted coldly and didn't say anything. She seemed to realize that her words were inappropriate.
Ye Xuan said, "Do you know Ye Qingzhi?"
Qian Mo said in a deep voice, "Don't tell me that he escaped here."
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes!
He escaped here with a bookstore, and now, that bookstore is in my hands! "
Qian Mo stared at Ye Xuan.
If what you said is true, I'm very curious. Why aren't you dead yet? "
Ye Xuan pointed at the starry sky.
Qian Mo frowned slightly. "What do you mean?"
Ye Xuan said, "There are people up there!"
Qian Mo was speechless.
Ye Xuan continued, "Miss Qian Mo, I think you can use me. You can use my power to fight your way to the Dao World and revive your clan."
Qian Mo sneered and didn't say anything.
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Do you think the Fifth Dimension Tendo is considered a top-notch expert in the Dao World?"
Qian Mo was silent.
That woman was definitely a super expert in the Dao World. If it was a one-on-one fight, no one would be her match!
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "To tell you the truth, it was her idea to attack the Dao World!
She wants to conquer the Dao World! "
Qian Mo's eyelids twitched. If it was only Ye Xuan, then he would absolutely not have the ability to go against the Dao World. But if that abnormal Fifth Dimension Tendo was included, then there was still a chance …
After a long time passed, Qian Mo said in a low voice, "What do you want me to do?"
Ye Xuan said seriously, "It's very simple. Miss Qian Mo is at the Self Release Realm. If we fight in the future, you just have to help me resist a Self Release Realm expert. Of course, if you have any other experts in your family, you can call them over as well. We can join forces and work together!"
Qian Mo suddenly said, "Is that book really in your hands?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes!"
Qian Mo hesitated for a moment and said, "Can you let me have a look?"
Ye Xuan said seriously, "No!"
Qian Mo glanced at Ye Xuan and didn't say anything because she'd expected this.
How could this man possibly let her see such a divine object?
Meanwhile, Ye Xuan said, "I'll only let my own people see it!"
Own people!
Qian Mo stared fixedly at Ye Xuan. "You slept with me!"
Ye Xuan hurriedly said, "Miss Qian Mo, I was forced!"
Qian Mo sneered. "You slept with me, that's an unchangeable fact!"
Ye Xuan fell silent.
Qian Mo said coldly, "What? Nothing to say?"
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "Miss Qian Mo, to tell you the truth, I'm still unable to open that book because Ye Qingzhi set up a restriction when he left it behind. I'm not strong enough to open it!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he took out the book and passed it to Qian Mo.
Qian Mo didn't refuse. She took the book, and her expression gradually became extremely serious.
In the beginning, she didn't really believe Ye Xuan's words. But now, she did!
This book wasn't simple at all. Even though her strength had been sealed, she still had her knowledge.
Qian Mo looked at Ye Xuan. "How did you get this book?"
Ye Xuan said, "The Prophet gave it to me!"
Qian Mo frowned. "What nonsense are you talking about?
How could he give this to you? "
Ye Xuan said, "He's dead!"
Qian Mo looked at Ye Xuan. "You killed him?"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "It's someone else!
Anyway, the book is in my hands now! "
As he said that, he turned to look at Qian Mo. The moment he turned around, the two of them had a very intimate contact.
Qian Mo frowned. "What are you doing?"
She wanted to retreat, but there was no way out. She didn't have any cultivation now!
Ye Xuan said seriously, "Miss Qian Mo, as I said before, you have two choices. One is to take revenge on me and Tendo, and the other is to stand on our side!"
Qian Mo looked at Ye Xuan. "If you want to talk, just talk. Why do you have to be so stubborn?"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
...
PS: Vote!!!
Is there anyone voting!!!





Chapter 1216
Ye Xuan felt slightly awkward!
There were some places that he could not control!
Qian Mo looked at Ye Xuan and did not speak.
The atmosphere suddenly became slightly awkward!
That was because a certain part of Ye Xuan was abnormally firm!
Qian Mo's face suddenly turned red. The effect of the blue pill in her body had not completely disappeared. After all, her cultivation was sealed, and her resistance had decreased. Thus, when a certain part of Ye Xuan's body was pressed against her, she could not help herself.
Ye Xuan suddenly turned around and took a deep breath. His blood was also boiling.
What's going on?
Could it be that I'm addicted?
Ye Xuan shook his head and suppressed the heat in his heart.
One cannot be too beastly!
The two of them did not speak along the way.
Not long later, Ye Xuan brought Qian Mo to the pawn shop. The Fifth Dimension Tendo was in the pawn shop, and Xiao You was there as well.
Qian Mo glanced at the Tendo with a trace of fear in her eyes!
Although she was at the Self Release Realm, she felt as weak as a chicken in front of this Tendo!
She was really curious about the extent of the Fifth Dimension's Heavenly Dao!
Mu Niannian glanced at Qian Mo, then looked at Ye Xuan, "You better think it through!"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Miss Qian Mo has already agreed to cooperate with me!"
Mu Niannian gave Ye Xuan a thumbs up, "You're really something!"
After she finished speaking, she pointed at Qian Mo with her finger. In an instant, the seal on Qian Mo's body disappeared.
Qian Mo glanced at Mu Niannian and did not speak.
Mu Niannian looked at Ye Xuan, "How do you feel after dual cultivating?"
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment and said, "The power of my bloodline has changed, but it is not that obvious!"
Mu Niannian looked at Qian Mo and smiled, "Then your bloodline should have had a huge breakthrough, right?"
Qian Mo did not say anything.
Ye Xuan was puzzled. "Why?"
Mu Niannian smiled, "Because your bloodline is stronger than hers. When you dual cultivate, she is the one who takes, so she benefits more than you!"
Ye Xuan blinked, and then he said, "Then wouldn't I suffer a huge loss?"
Qian Mo glanced at Ye Xuan coldly. Her gaze could kill.
Mu Niannian laughed and said, "It's a bit of a loss!
It should be said that the two of you are at a disadvantage because when the two of you dual cultivated, you were messing around and didn't absorb all the energy after the dual cultivation. Otherwise, the benefits you obtained would be far more than this! "
Ye Xuan nodded. "Understood!"
At this time, Mu Niannian suddenly pointed his finger, and two white lights entered the space between Qian Mo and Ye Xuan's eyebrows.
Ye Xuan was a little stunned. "This is?"
Mu Niannian smiled, "An ancient dual cultivation secret technique from a very long time ago. I think it's suitable for the two of you!"
Qian Mo's expression immediately turned cold. She wanted to say something, but Mu Niannian suddenly looked at her, "Don't act like you've gained something!
If it wasn't for me, it would be a fool's dream for your bloodline to have a breakthrough! "
Qian Mo looked at Mu Niannian and didn't say anything.
Mu Niannian suddenly looked at Xiao You, "Stay here for this period of time. No one will come looking for trouble with you. I'm going out for a while!"
Xiao You hurriedly asked, "Where are you going?"
Mu Niannian smiled, "I'm just going to stroll around!"
After she finished speaking, she looked at Ye Xuan, "Help me take good care of her!"
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment, and then he asked, "Where are you going?"
Mu Niannian shrugged, "I'm going to stroll around and do something on the way!"
Do something!
Ye Xuan's expression was a little strange. His intuition told him that this woman must be up to something bad again!
Mu Niannian left as soon as he said he would, without the slightest hesitation.
In the pawnshop, only Ye Xuan and the other two were left.
Ye Xuan looked at Xiao You and smiled, "Xiao You, are you going to stay here or play in my pagoda?
There are many spirits in the pagoda! "
Xiao You blinked, "Many spirits?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Yes!"
Xiao You said, "Then I'll go to the pagoda!"
Ye Xuan smiled, "Okay!"
After he finished speaking, he directly brought Xiao You to the pagoda.
With big sister and the others in the pagoda, Xiao You would have company inside, so it wouldn't be too boring.
Ye Xuan turned around and looked at Qian Mo, who was expressionless, "I'll stay here!"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Okay!"
After he finished speaking, he turned around and left.
After Ye Xuan left, in the pawnshop, Qian Mo slowly closed her eyes.
She was unwilling!
She was indeed unwilling!
After being sealed by the Tendo for so many years, who would be willing?
But there was no other way, that woman was so strong that it made her despair!
She was already at Self Release and thought that she would be able to fight against that woman, but she didn't expect that she would still be instantly killed!
Thinking of this, Qian Mo couldn't help but want to curse!
When did a Tendo become so abnormal?
As if she thought of something, she suddenly looked in the direction that Ye Xuan left in.
The study room!
Qian Mo's eyes gradually turned cold, but very quickly, the coldness in her eyes turned into helplessness.
...
As soon as Ye Xuan returned to the Wu Clan, Guan Yin found him.
Guan Yin looked at Ye Xuan, "Elder Li has already built that array, and wants you to try it!"
Fifth Dimension Array!
Ye Xuan was slightly surprised, "So fast?"
Guan Yin shook his head, "There are still many problems that need to be solved. Now, I want you to try it and see what problems will arise!"
Ye Xuan's face darkened, I want me to try it, but what if I fail this step?
Guan Yin looked at Ye Xuan, "Only you can resist the might of the array!"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Take me there!"
Guan Yin nodded, and then he brought Ye Xuan to a starry sky.
At this moment, there were already thousands of people gathered in this starry sky, and all of them were Array Masters and Spirit Array Masters!
The person in the lead was Elder Li!
When they saw Ye Xuan, everyone present hurriedly bowed slightly.
These people were very respectful towards Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan glanced at them, and then he cupped his fists, "Everyone, you've worked hard!"
Everyone hurriedly shook their heads. To them, this was a battle for survival!
Of course, there was another meaning to all of them who were Array Masters.
Just the thought of constructing an unprecedented and extraordinary array was enough to make their blood boil!
Ye Xuan gazed at Elder Li, and the latter turned around, "Set out!"
As soon as he finished speaking, the starry sky in an area of almost 50,000km suddenly trembled violently. In next to no time, the starlight in the surroundings instantly became illusory, and it didn't take long for an enormous Starlight Formation to appear beneath their feet. The Starlight Formation was like a disk that covered the entire starry sky.
There were countless tiny golden talismans on the Starlight Formation, and they covered the starry sky. At this moment, the entire starry sky had become extremely strange.
Elder Li pointed at a golden disk in the distance, "That's the core of the formation!"
Ye Xuan nodded, and then he directly appeared on the golden disk.
Bang!
In an instant, the entire starry sky trembled violently. The Starlight Formation beneath Ye Xuan's feet trembled, and the golden talismans started to revolve swiftly. In an instant, countless strands of energy surged out from within the talismans, and then they converged like a river towards Ye Xuan!
Ye Xuan's expression changed when he came into contact with this energy!
What formidable energy!
At this moment, Ye Xuan's entire body trembled violently. This energy was external and didn't belong to him, so it was a huge blow to his body!
Meanwhile, Elder Li hurriedly said, "Young Master Ye, this energy doesn't belong to you. You have to take control of it and utilize it!"
Actually, he was most worried that Ye Xuan's body wouldn't be able to endure this formidable energy. If that happened, then Ye Xuan would be the first to die!
But if Ye Xuan was able to endure this energy, then Ye Xuan would be able to utilize the formation to control this energy and even control it!
But the precondition was that Ye Xuan was able to endure it!
Ye Xuan's eyes slowly closed as he stood within the core of the formation. At this moment, his body was slightly inflated!
The energy was very, very strong. But fortunately, it wasn't strong to the point that he couldn't endure it!
Ye Xuan clenched his fists slowly. At this moment, he felt that his body was filled with a formidable energy that could destroy the world. It wasn't his energy, but it was very strong!
As if he'd thought of something, Ye Xuan suddenly shouted angrily, "Come!"
As soon as he finished speaking, a sea of stars suddenly appeared in his eyes. In next to no time, the energy of countless stars in the entire starry sky converged towards him!
The Star Dao Law!
His face instantly turned pale when the energy of the stars entered his body. Elder Li's expression changed drastically from afar, and he hurriedly said, "Young Master Ye, stop quickly. Your body can't absorb too much energy right now!"
The Formation Masters present were burning with anxiety as well. Because it was obvious that Ye Xuan had absorbed too much energy, and his body couldn't endure it anymore!
Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes. At this moment, he felt like his body was slightly numb. Obviously, his body wouldn't be able to endure it for much longer!
Right at this moment, the depths of the starry sky in the distance suddenly split open, and then two old men walked out from within it. When they appeared in this expanse of the starry sky, the starry sky in the surroundings trembled violently as if it couldn't endure their strength. It was an extremely shocking sight!
The Self Release Realm!
Everyone in the surroundings gazed at the two old men!
Where did they come from?
The two old men glanced at the surroundings, and then they gazed at Ye Xuan's group. Both of them frowned when they saw the formidable energy that descended from above, and then they exchanged glances with each other with bewilderment in their eyes.
Did these fellows know that we were coming?
They'd been sent by the Sect Master and the Immortal Pavilion. They were the red clothed sect master of the Godking Palace, Li Mian, and the young pavilion master of the Immortal Pavilion, Mo Dao.
Both of them were at the Self Release Realm!
Their objective for coming here was very simple, and it was to find out if the scripture was in Ye Xuan's possession.
The two of them hadn't expected to encounter such a force as soon as they descended.
Did the people of the Fifth Dimension know that they were coming?
Below, Ye Xuan looked at the two old men. He could sense that they were both at the Self Release Realm. Clearly, they were from the Dao World, or perhaps they were from that ancient temple.
Li Mian looked at Ye Xuan. "You're Ye Xuan?"
Ye Xuan looked at Li Mian. "From the Dao World?"
Li Mian nodded. He looked at Ye Xuan. "Do you have the scripture?"
Ye Xuan grinned. "You came at the right time!"
As soon as he finished speaking, the Executing Heaven Sword suddenly appeared in his hand. In the next moment, he slashed towards the depths of the starry sky.
Boom!
In an instant, the power he'd gathered in his body burst forth like a dam, transforming into a ray of sword light that slashed towards the depths of the starry sky.
This sword caused the world to lose color …
.





Chapter 1217
This attack could be said to be Ye Xuan's strongest attack up until now!
A single slash could obliterate the world!
When Li Mian and Mo Tian witnessed this attack, their expressions instantly changed.
Danger!
That was what they felt at this moment!
They didn't dare act carelessly. Li Mian took a step forward and slowly clenched his right fist. In an instant, the space around him transformed into a huge vortex, and a powerful force surged out incessantly from within the vortex. In the next moment, he smashed his fist downwards!
In an instant, the space where his fist struck was instantly obliterated, and then a black fist swept down along with the vortex!
At the instant that Li Mian attacked, Mo Dao suddenly took a step forward. As soon as this step descended, the entire starry sky trembled violently. After that, he slapped his palm forward, and an enormous palm that was over 3km long swept down from the starry sky!
As soon as this palm appeared, the entire starry sky became illusory!
It was the full force attack of two Self Release Realm experts!
Obviously, they hadn't underestimated Ye Xuan's attack!
After living to this point in their lives, they were very clearly aware that they couldn't underestimate anyone. Especially Ye Xuan, because he was related to Ye Qingzhi.
In the starry sky, Ye Xuan's attack slashed directly against the fist.
Bang!
The fist trembled violently before exploding apart, and a powerful wave of energy shook the starry sky. It was like a huge explosion had occurred, causing the starry sky to tremble!
The sword energy hadn't dispersed, and it continued forward and slashed towards the enormous palm!
Everyone watched as the sword energy struck the palm. The palm trembled violently, and then it became illusory. After a moment of silence, the palm transformed into nothingness!
The sword energy hadn't dispersed, and it continued forward and slashed towards Li Mian and Mo Tian!
Li Mian and Mo Tian's expressions instantly changed when they witnessed this scene. The strength of this attack had slightly exceeded their expectations.
They exchanged glances, and then they suddenly became illusory. In the blink of an eye, two powerful forces capable of obliterating the heavens and the earth swept down from the starry sky!
They were going head-on against each other!
In next to no time, the two forces smashed against Ye Xuan's sword energy.
Boom!
An expanse of sword light shattered, and countless strands of sword energy swept through the starry sky. At this moment, the starry sky was shattered by the remnant strands of sword energy, and Li Mian and Mo Dao were pushed back nearly 100,000 feet. When they stopped, their bodies were covered in sword wounds, and their bodies were in pieces!
Seeing this scene, both of them were slightly stunned!
In that instant, the two of them had almost been killed by that Sword Qi!
Down below, Ye Xuan held his sword and looked at Li Mian and the other man. Li Mian and the other man gave Ye Xuan a deep look before turning around and leaving.
The two of them did not choose to continue fighting because they were not confident that they could withstand a second strike from Ye Xuan!
Down below, Ye Xuan didn't attack again because if that kind of expert wanted to escape, he wouldn't be able to do anything!
Ye Xuan sheathed his sword and looked at Old Man Li and the others not far away. "The power of the formation isn't enough. Continue to strengthen it!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he transformed into a streak of sword light and vanished into the distance.
Not enough power!
Old Man Li and the others glanced at each other. Almost killing two Self Release Realm experts isn't enough?
Meanwhile, Guan Yin suddenly said, "The Dao World doesn't just have two Self Release Realm experts. Besides that, we still have the Fifth Dimension Tribulation to face!"
As she spoke, she glanced at the others and said, "Continue to strengthen the formation according to what he said!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she turned around and left.
All the Formation Masters exchanged glances and smiled bitterly without end.
They'd thought that the formation was sufficiently terrifying, but they hadn't expected that it would still be insufficient to the extent that Ye Xuan was satisfied with!
It wasn't strong enough!
After a short moment of silence, Old Man Li suddenly said, "Everyone, if you have any thoughts, then feel free to voice them!"
Meanwhile, a Formation Master spoke in a low voice, "If we want to strengthen the formation, then we need manpower. We need to gather the top-rate experts of our Fifth Dimension here and rely on their strength!"
The others here frowned when they heard this!
It was not difficult to gather all the strong people here. What was difficult was whether Ye Xuan could withstand such a strong force if that was the case.
It wasn't just Ye Xuan, whether the formation would be able to endure it was a huge problem as well!
It didn't take long for all the Formation Masters here to start discussing.
Ye Xuan returned to the Alliance Hall with Guan Yin by his side.
Guan Yin glanced at Ye Xuan and said, "This matter can't be rushed!
From a certain point of view, you were able to heavily injure two Self Release Realm experts with a single strike of your sword. This formation has already succeeded! "
Ye Xuan nodded. "I know. However, it's far from enough."
As he spoke, he looked up into the starry sky and said, "Our enemies aren't just the Fifth Dimension Tribulation, there are those above the starry sky as well."
Guan Yin nodded. "Yes."
Ye Xuan looked at Guan Yin and said, "How has the overall strength of the Fifth Dimension improved recently?"
Guan Yin said, "It's been very good. We have 28 Half-Step Self Release Realm experts now. Aro, the one-legged woman from the Endless City, and the Variant Beast Scripture have just broken through. It won't be long before Demon Yan and God Emperor will be at Self Release Realm as well!"
As she spoke, she paused for a moment and said, "Miss An Lanxiu and the academy's Zhang Wenxiu have extremely good natural talent. However, it isn't suitable for them to charge into the Half-Step Self Release Realm right now. Our people are helping them stabilize their foundations. Once the time is ripe, it won't be difficult for them to attain Self Release Realm!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Focus on fostering those with extremely good natural talent. Of course, those whose natural talent isn't that good, but so long as they work hard, we'll still foster them."
Guan Yin nodded. "I understand!"
Natural talent wasn't the only standard for success. Sometimes, hard work was even more important than natural talent!
At this moment, Guan Yin suddenly said, "A group of people came to us in hopes that we can provide them with cultivation resources!
However, I still want your confirmation! "
Ye Xuan looked at Guan Yin. "Who?"
Guan Yin said, "Tai Yi and the others!"
Tai Yi and the others!
Ye Xuan frowned when he heard this.
Guan Yin looked at Ye Xuan and waited for Ye Xuan's reply.
Ye Xuan shook his head. "Let them leave!"
Guan Yin wanted to say something but hesitated.
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "If we can't go through thick and thin together, how can we go through thick and thin together?"
Guan Yin nodded. "I understand!"
Ye Xuan said, "We need to let the people of the world understand that we aren't fools. If we can go through thick and thin together, we have to go through thick and thin together as well!"
Guan Yin glanced at Ye Xuan. "I'll make the arrangements!"
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "How are A Mu and A Qian doing?"
Guan Yin said solemnly, "Both of them are trying to break through to the Origin Returning Realm!"
Ye Xuan was stunned. "That fast?"
Guan Yin smiled and said, "It's all thanks to Xiao Ling 'er. The elixirs she refined are truly heaven-defying!"
Xiao Ling 'er!
Ye Xuan shook his head and smiled. That little fellow was very useful!
As if thinking of something, Ye Xuan said, "Oh, right!
The Sword Sect … "
Guan Yin said solemnly, "They are the ones we focus on nurturing. All the top-notch resources will be provided to them first!
They will be prioritized over everyone else! "
Ye Xuan looked at Guan Yin. Guan Yin said, "They are the best fighters here. If they can break through, they will be the sharp sword of the Fifth Dimension, a sword that can pierce through the Sixth Dimension and the Dao Realm!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Sixth Dimension?
The Dao Realm? "
At this moment, he suddenly realized that Guan Yin's ambition was not small!
Guan Yin glanced at Ye Xuan and said, "You don't have this plan?"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Forget about the Sixth Dimension!
However, I feel that we can still do something for the Dao Realm! "
Guan Yin said solemnly, "The Sixth Dimension is helping us now because …"
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "No matter what, if they don't betray me, Ye Xuan, I, Ye Xuan, will not betray them. Just like the Fifth Dimension, if you don't betray me, Ye Xuan, I, Ye Xuan, will not betray you. Do you understand?"
Guan Yin looked at Ye Xuan and did not speak.
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "You can have ambition, but you cannot be ungrateful."
After saying that, he turned and left.
Guan Yin was silent for a moment and shook her head.
She hoped that Ye Xuan's ambition would be greater and more ruthless.
However, she did not want Ye Xuan's ambition to be too great and too ruthless!
Because she was afraid!
Afraid that when Ye Xuan became ruthless, he would even kill his own people!
If that was the case, the Spirit Tribe would not have a good ending in the future!
An unscrupulous and ambitious person would sacrifice everything, including his loved ones, when necessary!
However, Ye Xuan was different. He would never sacrifice the people around him for any benefits!
Thinking of this, Guan Yin sighed softly and said, "A kind person!"
After saying that, she turned and left.
In this kind of world, not doing evil was already a great kindness.
...
After Ye Xuan left, he came to a starry sky where a woman had been waiting for a long time!
It was Xiao Qi!
Xiao Qi looked at Ye Xuan and without any nonsense, she stabbed with her sword.
One sword, one thought!
Seeing this, Ye Xuan shook his head. What was a monster?
This Xiao Qi was the real monster!
He had only demonstrated the sword cognition to her, and she had already learned it!
This talent was like cheating!
Ye Xuan did not dare to be careless and he stabbed with his sword as well.
Both of them used Sword Cognition!
The moment the two swords touched —
Boom!
Xiao Qi instantly retreated hundreds of feet!
Ye Xuan and Xiao Qi were stunned.
Ye Xuan did not expect that the power of his sword was so much stronger than Xiao Qi's!
Xiao Qi was also surprised, "Why is your sword so strong?"
Ye Xuan shook his head, "I don't know!"
At this moment, a voice came from the side, "Because his Sword Dao faith is stronger than yours!"
Xiao Qi and Ye Xuan turned to look. Not far away, two women were walking over. It was Ah Jiu and Situ.
Ah Jiu looked at Ye Xuan, "Your Sword Dao faith is stronger than hers, so the power of your sword is above hers!"
Xiao Qi suddenly looked at Ye Xuan, "What's your Sword Dao faith?"
Ye Xuan fell silent for a moment before he said, "Protect the Fifth Dimension!"
Protect the Fifth Dimension!
All of them fell silent when they heard this.
Meanwhile, Ah Jiu suddenly said, "If you're sincere, then the entire Fifth Dimension will be the foundation of your Sword Dao faith. Your Sword Cognition will be based on the entire universe. Very few people can surpass you in Sword Cognition!
Even I can't! "
Ye Xuan looked at Ah Jiu, "Senior Sister Ah Jiu, what's your Sword Dao faith?"
Ah Jiu spoke indifferently, "It has nothing to do with you!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Suddenly, the space before Ye Xuan trembled. In next to no time, he frowned, and a trace of ghastly killing intent flashed through his eyes …
A short moment later, he suddenly said, "Send the order. The Dao Scripture is in my hands!"
Everyone was shocked when they heard this!
...
PS: I was chatting with a reader yesterday, and he actually recommended some embarrassing websites to me … Oh my god, I really have to give it to you!
Do you have any misunderstandings about me???





Chapter 1218
Jiu and the rest had not expected Ye Xuan to suddenly do this!
Everyone was still guessing that the dao scripture was in his hands. If he announced it, things would become very troublesome!
Xiao Qi said solemnly, "But what happened?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "The Dao World is starting to target Xiao Dao!"
As he spoke, he looked up at the starry sky. "I need to attract some of their firepower!"
...
Dao World.
Countless people were searching for the plain-dressed woman, but there was no news of her whereabouts or the emperor race's patriarch.
Thus, some people began to target the demonic families.
After all, the demonic families were at their weakest.
Although the demonic families were weak, they still possessed immense wealth. This was wealth that no faction could refuse!
The current situation of the demonic families was very bad!
Within the demonic families.
Xiao Dao and an old man sat opposite each other.
The old man was the sect master of the Bloodshed God Palace, second only to the sect master!
The sect master looked at Xiao Dao. "Miss Xiao Dao, if the demonic families are willing to submit to the Bloodshed God Palace, the Old Man can guarantee that the demonic families will exist forever!"
Very direct!
Clearly, the Bloodshed God Palace wanted to devour the demonic families!
Xiao Dao fell silent.
The current demonic families did not have the right to refuse.
They did not even have the chance to delay!
If they refused, even if the Bloodshed God Palace did not openly attack the demonic families, they could still play them to death in secret!
A demonic family with only one Self Release Realm cultivator was truly weak.
At this moment, Xiao Dao suddenly felt a sense of helplessness.
The demonic families had really played themselves to death this time!
Why did they provoke the plain-dressed woman for no reason?
The Head Sectmaster was just about to speak when she suddenly frowned. It didn't take long for her to stand up, turn around, and vanish into the horizon.
Seeing this, Xiao Dao and Mo Zhong were stunned.
Xiao Dao looked at Mo Zhong. "What happened?"
Mo Zhong shook his head. "I don't know!
I'll go investigate! "
With that, he turned and left.
Moments later, Mo Zhong returned to the hall and said in a deep voice, "There's news from the lower realm that the scripture is in the young master's hands!"
Xiao Dao frowned. "Who did it?"
Devil Ancestor said, "News from the Fifth Dimension!
Now, this news has spread throughout the Dao World! "
Xiao Dao fell silent for a moment, and then she walked to the entrance of the hall. She looked towards the horizon and said softly, "It's him!"
Mo Zhong was puzzled. "What do you mean?"
Xiao Dao said solemnly, "He must have known about our situation, so he released the news to attract our firepower!"
Mo Zhong frowned. "How could he know about our situation?!"
Xiao Dao looked at Mo Zhong. "Six Dimensions!"
Upon hearing this, Mo Zhong understood.
The Sixth Dimensional Gang's Ye Xuan was no longer a secret!
Mo Zhong said in a deep voice, "Son-in-law did this …"
Then, he looked at Xiao Dao. "I can see that the young master cares about the young lady a lot. The young lady did not misjudge him!"
Xiao Dao was speechless.
Mo Zhong said again, "But if he does this, he will become dangerous!"
Xiao Dao nodded. "Very dangerous!
Now, the eyes of the entire Dao World will fall on him! "
Then, there was a trace of complexity in her eyes. "He really is a fool!"
...
The Dao Scripture was in the Fifth Dimension!
This news quickly spread throughout the Dao World like a plague!
At this moment, those who were looking for the plain-dressed woman started to change their target!
The Fifth Dimension!
But soon, they had a headache because they could not go down!
Not everyone could go down to the Fifth Dimension!
Above the clouds, the Pope and the Pavilion Master of the Celestial Pavilion, Jiang Yu.
In front of them were Li Mian and Mo Dao, who had just come up from the Fifth Dimension.
The Pope said softly, "He knows that you two want to go down?"
Li Mian said in a deep voice, "Yes!
As soon as we reached the Fifth Dimension, Ye Xuan was waiting for us there. Then, he used an array to injure us! "
The Pope asked, "Do you know what array it is?"
Li Mian shook his head. "I don't know!"
The Pope nodded. "As expected of Ye Qingzhi, the most outstanding person in the Dao World!"
Jiang Yu suddenly said, "He knows that you two want to go down … Could it be the Sixth Dimension's doing?"
The Sixth Dimension!
In fact, they also knew that the Sixth Dimension was helping Ye Xuan.
But regarding this matter, they did not have a good solution. They could not declare war on the Sixth Dimension, right?
The Sixth Dimension was not as easy to bully as the Fifth Dimension!
At this moment, the Pope suddenly said, "Whether it is the Sixth Dimension or not, from this matter, it can be seen that Ye Xuan is already on guard against our Dao World.
In other words, the Dao Scripture is most likely on him, and that plain-dressed woman only read the Dao Scripture! "
Jiang Yu nodded. "That is reasonable. But, I am a bit worried about that plain-dressed woman and Di Linyuan … If that plain-dressed woman is still alive, who knows to what extent she will grow after reading the Dao Scripture!
If Di Linyuan is still alive, it proves that plain-dressed woman has already fallen. Then, Di Linyuan will definitely obtain the secret of the Dao Scripture from her … "
The Pope suddenly said, "So, we must quickly obtain the Dao Scripture from Ye Xuan to prevent it from falling into the hands of the Sixth Dimension."
Jiang Yu slightly frowned. "You want me to go down personally?"
It could be said that in the Dao World, only Self Release Realm experts could go to the Fifth Dimension. This was because passing through the barrier between two universes was extremely difficult.
The Pope suddenly said, "Think about it. If Di Linyuan finds the plain-dressed woman, what will the outcome be?"
Jiang Yu slightly narrowed his eyes. "Both sides will suffer!"
The Pope nodded. "The plain-dressed woman is heavily injured. If Di Linyuan finds her, the two of them will definitely fight. With their strength, no matter who wins, the other side will definitely be heavily injured.
My guess is that the plain-dressed woman or Di Linyuan is currently resting and healing somewhere. "
To the side, Li Mian suddenly said, "Why not give up on these two and directly find Ye Xuan?"
Mo Dao shook his head. "No matter which one of them is alive, they will be a threat to us!
The Dao Scripture is in Ye Xuan's hands. Although Ye Xuan is powerful now, his threat to us will come in the future. As for this plain-dressed woman and Di Linyuan, they are both at the Self Release Realm. Either one of them will be a threat to us. "
Li Mian slightly nodded.
Although Ye Xuan has the Dao Scripture, the current Ye Xuan could not threaten the Dao World. As for the plain-dressed woman and Di Linyuan, they were both at the Self Release Realm. If one of them advanced further …
At this time, the Pope suddenly said, "We will split into two groups. Brother Jiang and I will find the plain-dressed woman and Di Linyuan. Our people will go to the Fifth Dimension."
Jiang Yu solemnly said, "That Ye Xuan does not seem to be as weak as we think!"
The Pope looked at Jiang Yu. "Then send more people.
My God Palace will send three Self Release Realm experts.
Your Immortal Pavilion will also send three Self Release Realm experts. Moreover, let them bring the divine item down. "
Six Self Release Realm experts!
One had to say that this lineup did not underestimate Ye Xuan at all!
At the side, Li Mian suddenly said, "I feel that Ye Xuan is not so simple!"
Everyone looked at Li Mian. Li Mian solemnly said, "Although he relied on arrays to injure us, his sword is very strong. I feel that this person is also a great threat. Why don't we directly kill him? In any case, the book house is in his hands. Not only can we get rid of future troubles, we can also obtain the book house!"
The Pope asked, "Six Self Release Realm experts are not enough?"
Li Mian shook his head. "However, if Cult Master and Pavilion Master Jiang personally go down, then we will have 100% confidence."
The Pope shook his head. "I know your worries. But have you thought about what if the Dao Scripture is not with Ye Xuan, but with that plain-dressed woman?"
Li Mian was silent.
In truth, in the hearts of the Pope and Jiang Yu, they felt that the Dao Scripture was with the plain-dressed woman and not with Ye Xuan.
How could a Self Release Realm expert let go of the Dao Scripture?
The two of them wanted to find the plain-dressed woman or Di Linyuan!
Of course, the Dao Scripture could also be in Ye Xuan's hands. In their opinion, a Sixth Dimension Self Release Realm expert was enough to sweep through the entire Fifth Dimension!
It had to be known that the current Fifth Dimension did not even have a single Self Release Realm expert!
At this time, Jiang Yu suddenly said, "Although the Fifth Dimension does not have any Self Release Realm experts, Ye Xuan is not simple. Moreover, the Sixth Dimension is helping him …"
When he spoke up to here, he paused for a moment before he said, "Pope, why don't we do this? Let them take your Godking Palace's Divine Ruler and my Immortal Pavilion's Bell of the Immortal Dao. Two supreme divine treasures and six Self Release Realm experts would be sufficient to deal with any expert!"
The Pope thought about it and then nodded. "Alright!"
Six Self Release Realm experts and two supreme divine objects. Let alone a single Ye Xuan, even the two of them could not defeat them.
They were also at the Self Release Realm. Of course, they were slightly stronger, but one could not defeat five or six — that would be too exaggerated!
And Ye Xuan was only at the Shattering Void Tier. Even with that whatever formation of the Fifth Dimension, he could not defeat six Self Release Realm elites. Moreover, there were also two supreme divine objects!
Li Mian did not say anything else. Although he also felt that Ye Xuan was not simple, this lineup was enough to sweep through most forces in the Dao World, let alone in the Fifth Dimension.
At this time, the Pope suddenly said, "Is there any movement in Dao Village?"
Dao Village!
Another super force of the Dao World, and also the most mysterious force!
Jiang Yu shook his head. "Until now, there has been no movement!"
Hearing this, the Pope frowned deeply.
With the appearance of the Dao Scripture, it was impossible for Dao Village to remain indifferent!
Regarding this Dao Village, he had to be on guard. He did not want to be the fisherman who reaped the benefits.
At this time, Jiang Yu suddenly said, "Let's deal with this Ye Xuan first!
If the Dao Scripture is really in his hands, then it will save us trouble. If it is not in his hands … then it is also fine. We can deal with him in passing and remove a disaster! "
The Pope nodded.
Ye Xuan was related to Ye Qingzhi, and they had also participated in the Ye Clan's massacre!
Thus, to them, whether the Dao Scripture was in Ye Xuan's hands or not, Ye Xuan must die!
Jiang Yu suddenly said, "There is no time to lose. Let our people act as soon as possible!"
The Pope nodded.
Very soon, the six super Self Release Tier elites of the Dao World left the Dao World …
...





Chapter 1219
The Five-Dimensional Universe!
Ye Xuan came to the Land of Immortality. The old blacksmith was still forging.
He was about to leave when a voice came from the thatched hut. "Two hours is enough!"
Two hours!
Ye Xuan nodded slightly.
In fact, he was very much looking forward to it. This was because during this period of time, Guan Yin had sent him countless heavenly treasures and various forging materials. Some of them were even sent from the Sixth Dimension. It could be said that if this old blacksmith was successful, then this Human King Shield would be unprecedentedly powerful.
He was still very confident in the old blacksmith.
At this time, the voice of the Ninth Floor suddenly sounded. "Kid, can you give me some of the pills that you asked Xiao Ling'er to refine?"
Ye Xuan was a little puzzled. "Senior, what do you want pills for?"
The Ninth Floor said angrily. "Of course it's to eat!"
Ye Xuan was a little stunned. "You also eat pills?"
The Ninth Floor said. "I also want to cultivate, okay?"
Ye Xuan's expression became a little strange.
The Ninth Floor said. "Kid, in your heart, am I very, very powerful?"
Ye Xuan quickly nodded. "Yes, in my heart, Senior belongs to the Tendo level!"
He was not lying. In his heart, the Ninth Floor should be very powerful.
This was a man who had once fought with the Prophet!
The Ninth Floor sighed. "I underestimated the speed of your growth. Your growth is too fast. Your enemies are also getting stronger and stronger. Now, your enemies are all Self Release Realm!
I think it won't be long before your enemies become above Self Release Realm … Kid, haven't you noticed?
There are more and more people around you who can't keep up with your footsteps! "
Ye Xuan was silent.
Now, besides An Lanxiu and a few others, no one else could keep up with his footsteps.
The Ninth Floor said again. "It's too dangerous to follow you!
I'm already feeling the pressure!
I'm afraid that one day I'll be killed in an instant! "
Ye Xuan: "…"
The Ninth Floor said. "I only have two requests. If there are any cultivation resources, give me some. When the time comes, let me have a look at the Dao Scripture. Other than that, I have no other requests!"
Dao scriptures!
Ye Xuan smiled. "Senior, your real goal is this Dao Scripture, right?"
The ninth replied, "Yes!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "If there are any Daoist scriptures in the study, I will definitely lend them to you."
The person on the ninth floor said, "How refreshing!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Speaking of which, Senior, what is your true identity?"
He was very curious about the ninth floor.
"I don't have much of a background," the man replied. "I'm just a rogue cultivator. However, I like to go on adventures, and have had a lot of good fortune in the past.
At that time, it was quite an achievement.
However, after following you for this period of time, I realized that I'm very insignificant. "
Ye Xuan said, "Are you talking about the woman in the plain dress?"
The Ninth Floor said softly, "Not only her, but also this Tendo!
To tell you the truth, I used to look down on Tendo as well, thinking that Tendo wasn't all that great. Perhaps it's because of the bad habits of cultivators. Once you reach a certain level, you'll think that you're higher than the heavens.
But it's good that I'm not like some people who try to defy the heavens. If I did, I would've ended up worse!
This woman is a hundred times scarier than the Prophet! "
Fifth Dimension Tendo!
Ye Xuan shook his head and smiled. It was obvious that the Ninth Floor was afraid of this Mu Niannian.
But that was to be expected. This woman wasn't just good at fighting, she was also good at scheming. How terrifying!
The Ninth Floor continued, "Kid, you really should be thankful that this woman has no ill intentions towards you. Otherwise, other than the woman in the plain dress, no one would be able to protect you!
That's not right. If she had any ill intentions towards you, she would've killed her before she left!
Just kill her! "
Ye Xuan asked, "Senior, can you sense how strong the Tendo is?"
The Ninth Floor said, "I can't. I can't sense any of this woman's aura. If she doesn't make a move, I'll think she's just an ordinary person!"
Ye Xuan was silent.
He had always been curious about Mu Niannian's strength. But that woman would always say, "She can't defeat the woman in the plain dress …"
The Ninth Floor said, "Actually, compared to her strength, I'm more interested in her goal!"
Goal!
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "Her purpose is to protect this universe!"
The Ninth Floor said, "Maybe!"
Ye Xuan frowned, "Senior, do you think that's not her only goal?"
"In any case, I think that if she wants to protect this universe, it's simple. She can just send you away, you scourge, and leave the people in this universe to fend for themselves. Ten thousand years later, this universe will slowly recover its spiritual energy!
But now, she didn't do that. Not only that, she's helping you. Helping you is equivalent to helping the living beings of this universe. It's a bit contradictory! "
Ye Xuan nodded, "I've thought about that too!"
The Ninth Floor asked, "Do you have an answer?"
Ye Xuan said softly, "She told me before. She said that if there's no life in this universe, wouldn't this universe be very lonely?"
The Ninth Floor was silent.
Ye Xuan smiled bitterly, "No matter what, we can only take one step at a time!"
The Ninth Floor said, "Mm, it's a good thing that she doesn't have any evil intentions towards you!"
Just as Ye Xuan was about to speak, the wooden house in the distance suddenly opened, and the old blacksmith walked out. In the old blacksmith's hand was a black round shield.
Ye Xuan hurried over, "Senior?"
The old blacksmith's face was a bit pale. Obviously, forging this had taken a lot of his energy.
The old blacksmith handed the shield to Ye Xuan, "For you!"
Ye Xuan took the shield. It was very light in his hand. The entire shield was very simple and didn't have any patterns at all. It was like a piece of scrap metal!
Ye Xuan looked at the old blacksmith. The old blacksmith suddenly tapped the shield with his fingers. The shield shook violently, and then a black light entered the space between Ye Xuan's brows.
Boom!
Ye Xuan's body shook violently. Soon, a small black shield mark appeared between his brows.
The old blacksmith said, "This shield can block at least 80% of the power of a Self Release Realm expert."
Ye Xuan blinked, "Not 100%?"
The old blacksmith glared at Ye Xuan, "Do you think that Self Release Realm experts are trash?
100% power!
Aren't you thinking too much? "
Ye Xuan smiled. That's right, if this thing could block the power of a Self Release Realm expert, then it would be too monstrous!
It could be said that with his physical body and this shield, it was impossible for an ordinary Self Release Realm expert to kill him!
And now, the Fifth Dimension had Qian Mo, Ah Jiu, and the others. Adding on the array, it could be said that the Fifth Dimension had the ability to resist Self Release Realm experts.
It had the power to fight against the Dao World!
The old blacksmith suddenly said, "There are strong and weak Self Release Realm experts, and you can't underestimate them. Don't underestimate them just because you have a strong physical body and this item!
They can reach the Self Release Realm, so they are definitely not ordinary people!
In any case, be careful! "
Ye Xuan nodded.
He naturally didn't dare to underestimate Self Release Realm experts!
As if thinking of something, Ye Xuan looked at the old blacksmith, "Senior, do you know about the Dao World?"
The old blacksmith shook his head, "I don't!"
With that, he turned and left.
Ye Xuan glanced at the old blacksmith. He had to say that this old man was quite mysterious!
Without thinking too much, Ye Xuan bowed slightly to the cabin and then turned around to leave.
...
After Ye Xuan returned to the Wu Clan, he went into seclusion.
He fused with the black shield!
He didn't change its name, and the shield was still called Human King Shield.
What he needed to do now was to perfectly fuse with the Human King Shield, to the point where they were in perfect harmony.
Fortunately, this Human King Shield had been with him before, so the fusion went smoothly.
While Ye Xuan was in seclusion, the Fifth Dimensional Universe was also rapidly developing. This was especially so for Old Li and the others. Thousands of array masters were frantically researching day and night. They only had one goal, and that was to make the Fifth Dimensional Array even more powerful!
Xiao Ling 'er was still refining pills. She didn't feel tired at all, and instead, she felt that it was fun!
This was because she had tens of thousands of alchemists by her side, and these alchemists all listened to her. She was the leader of the alchemists.
It was also because of her that the overall strength of the Fifth Dimension improved so quickly!
....
Sword Sect.
The Sword Sect was the focus of nurturing, and it could be said that the entire Sword Sect improved the fastest.
Among them, Senior Sister Lu had already reached half-step Self Separation, and not only that, the Swordsman in the Sword Sect had basically reached the Shattering Void Tier!
In addition, the Sword Sect had also absorbed countless talented Swordsman in the Fifth Dimension. After absorbing these Swordsman, the number of people in the Sword Sect also slowly increased!
It was worth mentioning that the nurturing of the Sword Sect was carried out in secret. Thus, in the Fifth Dimension, apart from Guan Yin and a few others, no one knew the overall strength of the Sword Sect!
In Guan Yin's words, the Sword Sect was a super trump card of the Fifth Dimension!
Guan Yin had really invested a lot in the Sword Sect!
Because she had fought with the Sword Sect, she had a very clear understanding of these Swordsman!
These Swordsman's battle prowess was top-notch, and their talent was also top-notch. If they improved, then their battle prowess would definitely be very terrifying!
It could be said that the Sword Sect was the only super force in the Fifth Dimension that was not weak even in the Dao Realm. Thus, Guan Yin gave the majority of the resources to the Sword Sect.
In addition, she also let the craftsmen forge all kinds of top-notch treasured swords for the Swordsman of the Sword Sect.
Now, the equipment of the Sword Sect had also undergone an earth-shattering change!
It should be said that the entire Fifth Dimension had undergone an earth-shattering change!
In front of Ye Xuan's room, Guan Yin stood quietly.
In fact, she knew that whether the Fifth Dimension could withstand it all depended on Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan was now the core!
If the Fifth Dimension did not have Ye Xuan, this alliance would instantly fall apart because no one dared to take the lead!
Resist the Dao Realm?
Resist the Fifth Dimension Calamity?
In the current Fifth Dimension, who had this ability?
Thus, Ye Xuan's strength could determine the fate of the Fifth Dimension.
At this moment, a woman suddenly appeared beside Guan Yin.
It was Qian Mo!
Qian Mo looked at Ye Xuan's room. "What is he doing?"
Guan Yin said, "Cultivating!"
Qian Mo looked at Ye Xuan's room and did not say anything.
Guan Yin looked at Qian Mo. "Senior, do you have something to discuss with him?"
Qian Mo was silent.
Her bloodline was showing signs of breaking through, but it was still lacking a little bit. And that little bit, she could not grasp it no matter what … If she did not waste the energy during their dual cultivation …
It was really too wasteful!
If she could do it again, she would definitely not be so wasteful!
....
PS: Are there any less serious jobs? Introduce them to me. I want to write while working.





Chapter 1220
Bloodline!
Qian Mo knew that this was a great opportunity for her. If her bloodline could break through, her strength would undergo a qualitative change!
Although she was already in the Self Release Tier, Self Release Tiers were also divided into strong and weak!
Strictly speaking, the Self Release Tier was divided into lower tier, middle tier, and upper tier.
And now, she could barely be considered lower tier.
Thus, she came to find Ye Xuan this time, wanting to break through her bloodline.
Guan Yin glanced at Qian Mo, but did not speak.
About four hours later, Ye Xuan walked out of the room.
When he saw Guan Yin and Qian Mo, Ye Xuan paused slightly, then smiled, and said, "You were waiting for me?"
Guan Yin nodded. She walked in front of Ye Xuan. "I came to remind you that you have to at least break through to the Return to Origin Shattering Tier."
Ye Xuan nodded. "Understood!"
He naturally understood that his greatest problem now was actually his cultivation level!
His cultivation level was too low!
If he could reach the Return to Origin Shattering Tier and half-step Self Release Tier, he could even kill ordinary Self Release Tier elites.
However, he had just broken through to the Shattering Void Tier, and it was really not suitable for him to continue breaking through to the Return to Origin Shattering Tier in a short period of time.
Guan Yin nodded slightly. She hesitated, then said, "There is one more thing that you should know, Your Majesty Dao Yi."
Ye Xuan asked, "What is it?"
Guan Yin said gravely, "The cultivation resources can at most last for half a month!"
Half a month?
Ye Xuan frowned slightly. "That's it?"
Guan Yin nodded. "In this period of time, my Spirit Of Dark, the Holy Church, and the Ancient Race have taken out almost all of our resources, and now, we can't hold on much longer."
Ye Xuan asked, "Do you have any other ideas?"
Guan Yin looked at Ye Xuan. "There is no better way."
Ye Xuan was silent.
He had almost forgotten something. In this period of time, the reason why the Fifth Dimension could improve comprehensively, and countless people experienced earth-shattering changes, was because of the contribution of resources from the Spirit Of Dark and other races!
And now, the Spirit Of Dark and other races could no longer hold on!
Resources!
Ye Xuan frowned.
Guan Yin suddenly said, "We can still hold on for half a month. Think of something!"
With that, she turned around and left.
She was really helpless when it came to resources!
He couldn't plunder the Sixth Dimension, right?
Although the current Fifth Dimension was already powerful enough, starting a war with the Sixth Dimension was akin to digging one's own grave.
Once the Sixth Dimension and the Dao World joined hands, the Fifth Dimension would have no chance of winning!
After Guan Yin left, Ye Xuan looked at Qian Mo and asked with a smile, "Miss Qian Mo, is something the matter?"
Qian Mo looked at Ye Xuan, "My bloodline is about to break through!"
Ye Xuan was slightly taken aback before he smiled and said, "That's a good thing!"
Qian Mo stared at Ye Xuan. "Just a little bit more."
Ye Xuan asked, "Do you need my help?"
Qian Mo looked at Ye Xuan and didn't say anything.
Ye Xuan shook his head and smiled, "Miss Qian Mo, if you need any help, you can tell me. I, Ye Xuan, will do my best!"
Qian Mo was silent for a long time before she said, "I need your bloodline power to help!"
Ye Xuan was stunned before he softly said, "Double …"
Qian Mo suddenly looked at Ye Xuan. In the next moment, she and Ye Xuan disappeared.
Soon, the two of them appeared in a void. This was a sealed space.
When they appeared in this sealed space, Qian Mo pointed at Ye Xuan's chest and took out the World Prison Pagoda from Ye Xuan's body. Of course, this was with Ye Xuan's cooperation. Otherwise, she wouldn't have been able to control the World Prison Pagoda.
After closing the World Prison Pagoda, Qian Mo looked at Ye Xuan and said, "It's just cultivation!"
After she finished speaking, her and Ye Xuan's clothes instantly turned to ashes …
Soon, the two of them intertwined.
There was only one thought in Ye Xuan's mind: I've been raped!
I can't resist!
I can't do anything …
When the two of them fused again, the blood in their bodies started to boil again.
The two bloodlines intertwined. Of course, the one who benefited the most was Qian Mo. This was because Ye Xuan's bloodline power was stronger than hers. Her bloodline could borrow Ye Xuan's bloodline power to break through!
Just like that, time slowly passed. During this time, the two of them didn't just enjoy themselves like the first time. Instead, they used the dual cultivation technique that Tendo gave them. This time, the two of them didn't want to waste it.
Gradually, rays of blood-red light appeared around the two of them. This blood-red light wrapped around the two of them and was slowly absorbed by them. Their auras also became stronger and stronger, especially Qian Mo. Her aura was growing at a visible rate.
About four hours later, a powerful aura suddenly swept out from Qian Mo's body. This powerful aura directly pushed Ye Xuan dozens of feet away.
Ye Xuan looked at Qian Mo in the distance. Qian Mo's eyes were slowly closed. In her body, countless blood vessels bulged. He could clearly see the blood flowing quickly in her blood vessels.
Her bloodline was about to break through!
Ye Xuan looked at himself. His aura had also become much stronger. However, it was still far from Qian Mo's.
Ye Xuan shook his head. He was just a free tool!
At this moment, Qian Mo's body gradually calmed down. She opened her eyes.
Ye Xuan walked in front of Qian Mo. "How is it?"
Qian Mo slowly clenched her right hand. A powerful force quickly gathered in her right arm.
Seeing this scene, the corners of Qian Mo's mouth slightly rose. She was now at least at the Release One Realm!
In addition, her bloodline power had already broken through the shackles of her bloodline. It could be said that she was at the peak of the Release One Realm.
Qian Mo looked at Ye Xuan. "You didn't break through?"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "I just feel that my cultivation has become a bit stronger. However, I didn't break through!"
Qian Mo frowned. After a moment, she said in a low voice, "Your bloodline is too strong!"
She had to say that she was somewhat shocked. Her mortal bloodline could be said to be the strongest bloodline. Even the Demonic Path Family's Demonic Path Bloodline and the Emperor Bloodline of the Emperor Clans couldn't compare. However, from the looks of it, Ye Xuan's bloodline was even stronger than hers!
What kind of bloodline was this?
Qian Mo looked at Ye Xuan as if she was looking at a monster.
Ye Xuan shook his head. "I'm afraid it will be very difficult for my bloodline to break through!"
Qian Mo nodded. "Indeed."
Ye Xuan took out a robe and put it on Qian Mo. Qian Mo looked at Ye Xuan and didn't say anything. She just let Ye Xuan put on the robe for her.
Ye Xuan didn't do anything while helping Qian Mo put on the robe. He looked at Qian Mo and said, "Miss Qian Mo, no matter what, congratulations!"
Qian Mo nodded and turned to leave. However, after taking two steps, she suddenly stopped and said, "It's just for cultivation!"
After saying that, she disappeared into the end of the starry sky.
Cultivation!
Ye Xuan smiled and turned to leave.
At that moment, Qian Mo suddenly appeared in front of him. Ye Xuan was stunned. "Miss Qian Mo?"
Qian Mo suddenly grabbed his shoulder. A moment later, the two of them appeared on a snowy mountain.
This was the place where Qian Mo had been sealed in the past!
Qian Mo pointed at the ice palace in the depths of the mountain. "There are many financial resources that I brought from the Dao World in there. A lot!"
After saying that, she disappeared.
In the same place, Ye Xuan was silent for a moment. Then, he went to the ice palace. Soon, he found a treasury. When he saw the treasures inside, Ye Xuan was completely dumbfounded!
There was an extraordinary amount of treasures!
In fact, there was something that Qian Mo didn't say. Not only did she bring the treasures from the Dao World, but there were also treasures that she had robbed in the Fifth Dimension.
However, this wasn't important to her now!
To her, how to break through was the most important thing!
Although she had lost her freedom while Tendo had sealed her, it was also this opportunity that allowed her to break through to the Self Release Realm.
This made her understand that strength was the king!
Everything else was useless!
Ye Xuan scanned the entire treasury. Then, with a wave of his right hand, he stored all the treasures in the Prison Pagoda.
With these resources, he could temporarily solve the resource problem of the Fifth Dimension.
Ye Xuan turned and left.
After returning to the Wu Clan, Ye Xuan handed all the financial resources of the treasury to Guan Yin. Guan Yin glanced at Ye Xuan, but didn't ask anything.
Although she didn't ask, she was still a little shocked. In such a short time, where did Ye Xuan get all these treasures?
After Ye Xuan gave the treasures to Guan Yin, he left.
Soon, Ye Xuan arrived at the World Wide Academy.
At this time, the academy was also gradually expanding. The elites that had left the academy had basically all returned!
It was worth mentioning that Teacher had also reached the Shattering Void Tier. Moreover, her battle prowess could completely crush ordinary Return to Origin Shattering Tier elites.
Of course, this time, he didn't come to find Teacher. Instead, he came to find Zhang Wenxiu.
In a courtyard, Ye Xuan and Zhang Wenxiu sat opposite each other.
Ye Xuan looked at Zhang Wenxiu, smiled, and said, "It feels like we haven't seen each other for many years!"
Zhang Wenxiu said calmly, "We haven't seen each other for a long time. Have you become more glib?"
Ye Xuan smiled, then said seriously, "Wenxiu, I want to tell you something about your teacher!"
In the end, he still chose to tell Zhang Wenxiu and Teacher about the relationship between him and the prophet.
He didn't want to lie to Zhang Wenxiu!
Zhang Wenxiu looked at Ye Xuan and didn't speak.
Ye Xuan was about to speak when Zhang Wenxiu suddenly said, "No need to say anything."
Ye Xuan looked at Zhang Wenxiu. Zhang Wenxiu said softly, "You are you, Teacher is Teacher. I respect Teacher like a father, but for you …"
Ye Xuan smiled, "It's love!"
Zhang Wenxiu shook his head, "You've become more thick-skinned!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Zhang Wenxiu looked at Ye Xuan, "To be honest, I'm already very happy that you came to talk to me.
And one more thing, I'm with you not because I think you're Teacher. "
Ye Xuan smiled, "I know that."
Zhang Wenxiu nodded, "Don't tell Teacher!
She cares about Teacher very much, but Teacher is already in the past. Moreover, she now believes that you are Teacher. In fact, it's nothing. You've received Teacher's inheritance, so it's understandable that you bear his karma! "
Ye Xuan shook his head and smiled.
It had to be said that there were good and bad karma of the prophet.
Zhang Wenxiu was about to speak, but at this moment, she and Ye Xuan suddenly looked up at the same time. In the depths of the starry sky, six powerful auras suddenly appeared. Following the appearance of these six powerful auras, the starry sky immediately boiled up!
The Dao World had arrived!
Ye Xuan was about to leave when Zhang Wenxiu grabbed his hand, "I'll go with you!"
Ye Xuan was about to speak, but Zhang Wenxiu shook her head, "We'll live and die together!"
.....





Chapter 1221
Together in life and death!
Ye Xuan felt warmth in his heart!
Ever since he met Zhang Wenxiu, the two of them had spent very little time together. However, their feelings for each other were very real.
There were no words of love between the two of them, but in Ye Xuan's eyes, it was enough to say that they were together in life and death.
Ye Xuan left the World Wide Academy with Zhang Wenxiu, and the two of them headed straight for the starry sky.
When the two of them arrived in the starry sky, two women were already there.
They were An Lanxiu and Xiao Qi!
Xiao Qi glanced at Ye Xuan, and shrugged.
An Lanxiu glanced at Ye Xuan and Zhang Wenxiu, but did not say anything.
The atmosphere was a little awkward!
At this time, Guan Yin appeared in the field.
Everyone looked at Guan Yin, and Guan Yin said softly, "What should come has come!"
Saying so, she looked at Ye Xuan, and asked, "What do you plan to do?"
Ye Xuan smiled, and said, "Why don't we have a chat first?"
The women: "…"
Ye Xuan laughed, and then turned into a streak of sword light that soared into the sky.
Soon, Ye Xuan led the women to the depths of the starry sky, and there, they saw six people!
The leaders were Li Mian and Mo Dao!
This time, the two of them were leading the group.
Li Mian glanced at Ye Xuan, and her heart relaxed slightly. Ye Xuan was still in the Shattering Void Tier, and had not broken through.
But soon, her eyes moved down, and fell on An Lanxiu and the others.
When seeing these women, Li Mian could not help but frown.
Although these women's cultivation levels were low, he could feel their strength.
Freaks!
There were still freaks in this Dao Realm!
Li Mian collected his thoughts, and looked at Ye Xuan, and said, "Young Master Ye, you should know who we are!"
Ye Xuan nodded, and said, "We are from the Dao Realm!"
Li Mian nodded, and said, "Yes!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Are you all here for the Dao Scripture?"
Li Mian smiled and said, "Young master Ye is indeed a straightforward person!
That's right, we're here for that scripture! "
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "You're late!"
Li Mian frowned, "What does Young Master Ye mean?"
Ye Xuan said with a straight face, "That scripture has been taken away by the ancient temple!"
Hearing this, everyone was shocked.
All the girls looked at Ye Xuan with strange expressions.
Somewhere high up in the clouds, a woman dressed in monk robes frowned deeply. "How can you speak so carelessly!?"
In the starry sky, Li Mian looked at Ye Xuan, "Young master Ye, is what you said true?"
Ye Xuan said seriously, "It's true!"
Li Mian shook his head, "I don't really believe it!"
Ye Xuan sighed, "Not long ago, three Self Release Realm experts came to the ancient temple. They captured my friend, the Fifth Dimension Tendo, and said that if I didn't hand over the scripture, they would kill the Fifth Dimension Tendo. I had no choice but to hand it over!"
Li Mian frowned, "You're willing to hand over the scripture for a Fifth Dimension Tendo?"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "If you don't believe me, you can go ask Gu Shi!"
Li Mian looked at Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan said, "I'm a Swordsman. A Swordsman will not lie against his conscience!"
Li Mian was silent.
Most of the Swordsman he knew were proud. Those Swordsman had bad tempers and disdained to lie.
Could it really have been taken away by Gu Shi?
But he still did not believe that Ye Xuan would hand over the scripture for the Fifth Dimension Tendo!
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "I can swear to the heavens!"
Everyone: "…"
Ye Xuan looked at Li Mian, "It's true, I can swear!
Also, I, Ye Xuan, am the number one Swordsman of the Fifth Dimension. Why would I lie?
Aren't you looking down on me too much? "
Li Mian was silent.
At this time, Ye Xuan said, "Everyone, to tell you the truth, I, Ye Xuan, know my own limits. I know that I can't keep this scripture. If I hand it over, I can live longer!
Therefore, I gave it to the ancient temple!
If you fight with me now, it will only make the ancient temple laugh. "
Li Mian did not say anything. Mo Dao beside him said, "This person's words are half true and half false."
Li Mian looked at Mo Dao. Mo Dao said, "However, according to what I know, the ancient temple has indeed sent people to the Fifth Dimension."
Li Mian said, "In other words, it is very likely that the ancient temple has obtained the study!"
Mo Dao nodded, "That is a possibility. However, this Ye Xuan does not look like a good person. His words cannot be trusted."
Li Mian said, "But as he said, if we fight with him, it will only benefit Gu Shi."
Mo Dao nodded, "That is indeed the case!"
Li Mian was silent.
At this time, he suddenly felt conflicted.
Should he fight with Ye Xuan?
In truth, although they had six Self Release Realm experts on their side, they were still a bit afraid of Ye Xuan and that array from before.
The Fifth Dimension was not without a fighting chance!
At this time, an old man suddenly appeared. This old man was wearing monk robes and had no hair. He wore a string of prayer beads on his neck.
Seeing this person, Li Mian and the others became vigilant!
Danger!
The ancient temple!
The Dao World did not dare to underestimate a mysterious place like the ancient temple.
The old monk put his palms together and looked at Ye Xuan, "Benefactor Ye, how can you speak without thinking?
My ancient temple has never obtained the study from you! "
Ye Xuan suddenly pointed at the old monk, "You are the one who is speaking without thinking!
You sent six Self Release Realm experts to the lower realm and captured the Fifth Dimension Tendo. You want me to hand over the study or you will kill the Fifth Dimension Tendo and destroy the Fifth Dimension!
You dare to say that this was not done by you? "
The old monk was dumbfounded, "You … my ancient temple has never done this. You … how can you say that?"
Ye Xuan's expression became somewhat sinister, "You are too shameless!
Not only did you snatch the study, you don't even admit it!
Oh, I understand!
You want to use our Fifth Dimension to fight with the Dao World and then reap the benefits! "
Hearing this, Li Mian and the others looked at the old monk.
The old monk shook his head, "Young master Ye, my ancient temple indeed wants to obtain the study. However, due to some reasons, we have never taken action. What you said is venomous slander!"
Ye Xuan sneered, "Due to some reasons, we have never taken action. I am very curious, what is the reason?"
The old monk glanced at Ye Xuan, "The person behind Young master Ye is not simple. That Fifth Dimension Tendo is even more so!
Young master Ye just said that we captured the Fifth Dimension Tendo … "
Saying this, he shook his head and smiled bitterly, "Young master Ye's words are really funny. That Fifth Dimension Tendo is not simple. My ancient temple does not have the ability to capture her!"
The ancient temple is very afraid of the Fifth Dimension Tendo because this woman is really unfathomable!
At this moment, Li Mian suddenly said, "Master, are you joking?
How can a Fifth Dimension Tendo not be simple? "
The old monk looked at Li Mian, "Haven't you come into contact with Miss Mu?"
Li Mian smiled, "We haven't!
However, how capable can a mere Tendo be? "
The old monk sighed softly, "Dao World … How can you be so stupid!"
Everyone was speechless.
Li Mian stared at the old monk, "Are you insulting my Dao World?"
The old monk shook his head, "I have no intention of insulting the Dao World. I am just expressing my feelings."
Fifth Dimension Tendo!
That woman's strength is unfathomable!
However, the Dao World actually thinks that she is very weak!
Is this a joke?
Li Mian looked at the old monk, "I feel that the study is very likely to be in your hands!"
The old monk frowned slightly, "Why?"
Li Mian smiled, "First, Ye Xuan is the First Swordsman of the Fifth Dimension. This kind of person, I believe he will not lie. In fact, I should say that he disdains lying.
Second, I feel that it is impossible for your ancient temple not to fight for the study.
Therefore, when Ye Xuan said that you imprisoned a Fifth Dimension Tendo, I don't think it is nonsense. It is true! "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The old monk looked at Li Mian, "According to what I know, the Dao World's Pope is also a wise man. Why would he send an idiot like you down?
Could it be that he sent you down to be a joke? "
Everyone was speechless.
Li Mian stared at the old monk. In the next moment, he disappeared. In the distance, the old monk shook his head, "Amitabha, retard!"
After saying that, he slapped out with his palm. With this palm, a huge golden palm print crossed the starry sky.
Boom!
With a violent explosion, a figure retreated rapidly in the starry sky. The person who retreated was Li Mian.
The expressions of everyone in the surroundings instantly became extremely solemn when they witnessed this scene!
Especially Ye Xuan.
The gap between the Self Release Realm was so huge?
Wasn't this old monk too good at fighting?
At this moment, a voice suddenly resounded in his mind, "Be careful. This person is at least at the upper Self Release Realm."
The upper Self Release Realm!
Ye Xuan looked at the old monk with vigilance in his heart.
In the distance, Li Mian looked at his cracked right hand, and then he looked up at the old monk with disbelief in his eyes, "The upper Self Release Realm!"
The old monk pressed his palms together, "That study isn't in my ancient temple!"
As he spoke, he turned to look at Ye Xuan, "Young Master Ye, what my ancient temple did is what it did.
If it didn't, then it didn't. Young Master Ye, please clear my ancient temple's name! "
Ye Xuan glanced at the old monk, "You're amazing. I don't dare to refute anything you say."
The old monk was dumbfounded. What are you saying?
In the distance, Li Mian suddenly spoke solemnly, "Master, you said that the study isn't in your hands. Do you have any proof?"
The old monk frowned, "Young Master Ye said that it's in my ancient temple. Do you have any proof?"
Li Mian looked at Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan said solemnly, "The Fifth Dimension Tendo is in your hands!"
The old monk stared at Ye Xuan, "Young Master Ye, you said that the Fifth Dimension Tendo is in my ancient temple's hands. Do you have any proof?"
Ye Xuan looked at Li Mian, "If you don't believe me, you can search the ancient temple. The Fifth Dimension Tendo is definitely in their ancient temple."
Hearing this, Li Mian looked at the old monk. The old monk shook his head, "My ancient temple doesn't allow outsiders to step in. How can I let you search?"
Ye Xuan looked at Li Mian. He shrugged, "I won't speak anymore!"
The old monk, "…"
Li Mian stared at the old monk, "Master, does your ancient temple not have the courage to admit what you've done?"
The old monk shook his head and sighed, "Fool, this old monk has nothing to say to you!"
As he spoke, he suddenly struck out with his palm.
Seeing this, Li Mian's expression changed and he hurriedly said, "Attack!"
As he spoke, he and the few Self Release Realm experts beside him charged out …
...
PS: I wanted to have an offline gathering, but I suddenly realized that if it's a gathering, I might be in danger. Many readers have unhealthy thoughts!!!





Chapter 1222
Seeing Li Ming and the others rushing over, the old monk frowned. He did not choose to fight, instead glancing at Ye Xuan. Then, his body turned illusory and he quickly disappeared.
He left!
Seeing this, Ye Xuan, who was not far away, hurried to say, "He's running away!"
However, when Li Mian and the others arrived in front of the old monk, the old monk had already disappeared.
He had escaped!
Seeing the old monk escape, Li Mian's expression became unsightly.
At this time, the nearby Ye Xuan suddenly said, "If we let the ancient temple learn the Dao Scripture … who would be their match?
Too terrifying! "
Li Mian glanced at Ye Xuan, not saying anything.
A moment later, Li Mian suddenly said, "Let's go!"
Finished speaking, he led Mo Dao and the others and disappeared.
After Li Mian and the others disappeared, the nearby Guan Yin suddenly wanted to say something, but Ye Xuan shook his head, "Ai, it's a pity for my Dao Scripture!
This damned ancient temple! "
Hearing this, Guan Yin immediately shut his mouth.
Soon, Ye Xuan and the experts of the Fifth Dimension disappeared into the starry sky while cursing.
However, Li Mian and the others appeared again!
Li Mian looked at Ye Xuan below, silent, no one knew what he was thinking.
Mo Dao suddenly said, "You don't believe his words, right?"
Li Mian calmly said, "Of course not."
Mo Dao glanced at Li Mian, "Just now, you deliberately attacked in anger for him to see."
Mo Dao softly said, "If we fight to the death with Ye Xuan, do you think the ancient temple will just watch?"
Mo Dao shook his head, "They will wait to reap the benefits."
Li Mian nodded, "Yes!
Therefore, we must pull the ancient temple into this. "
Mo Dao frowned, "Will the ancient temple get involved?"
Li Mian softly said, "Just now, Ye Xuan framed the ancient temple, do you think they will feel good?"
Saying this, he coldly smiled, "The ancient temple will definitely not feel good!
Therefore, as long as we operate a little, we can definitely join hands with the ancient temple and deal with Ye Xuan together. "
Mo Dao said with a smile, "Brilliant!
Not only will it deepen the conflict between the ancient temple and Ye Xuan, but it will also numb Ye Xuan, making him think that we are all fools. "
Li Mian said softly, "The Dao scripture is of great importance, so we have to be cautious. If we're not careful, we might be consigned to eternal damnation!"
As he spoke, he looked down. "The Fifth Dimension isn't as simple as we think it is. If we underestimate it, we will be consigned to eternal damnation!"
Mo Dao nodded.
During this period of contact with Ye Xuan, he also discovered that Ye Xuan was not simple. It should be said that the entire Fifth Dimension was not simple.
He hadn't forgotten the might of the formation from before.
Li Mian suddenly said, "You guys stay here and don't do anything. I will go to the ancient temple and the Union Hall. If possible, try to ally with them. During this time, don't do anything and wait for my news!"
Mo Dao nodded. "Alright!"
Li Mian seemed to think of something and said, "Send someone to investigate the Fifth Dimension's Tendo and see what kind of person he is."
Mo Dao nodded. "I will go personally!"
Li Mian nodded slightly and disappeared into the horizon.
....
Below, Ye Xuan went directly to the pawnshop. Qian Mo was the only one there.
Qian Mo looked at Ye Xuan. "The ancient temple is not simple!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Qian Mo, do you know the origin of the ancient temple?"
Qian Mo shook her head. "I don't know. I don't think anyone in the Dao World knows!
This faction is extremely mysterious. "
Ye Xuan frowned. "Extremely mysterious?"
Qian Mo nodded. "No one knows how long they have existed. I only know that the Dao World feared the most in the Sixth Dimension.
The ancient temple. "
As she spoke, she looked at Ye Xuan. "I'm very curious. Why didn't they make a move directly?"
Ye Xuan said softly, "Could it be that they were afraid that the Dao World would reap the benefits if they made a move on me first?"
Qian Mo looked at Ye Xuan. "That is possible. However, I feel that they are more afraid of you!"
Ye Xuan was stunned. Then, he smiled. "Afraid of what?"
Qian Mo shook her head. "You are also very mysterious!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Qian Mo suddenly said, "No matter what, you have to guard against this ancient temple."
Ye Xuan nodded. "Miss Qian Mo, can you defeat that old monk?"
Qian Mo said in a deep voice, "I can only fight him. I am not confident of defeating him!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "I understand!"
After saying that, he turned and left.
Qian Mo suddenly said, "I did not agree to help you fight!"
Ye Xuan stopped and turned around with a smile. "I did not ask Miss Qian Mo to help me fight either!"
Qian Mo looked at Ye Xuan. "My intuition tells me that you are very dangerous!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "I did not restrict Miss Qian Mo. Miss Qian Mo, you can leave at any time if you want. Really!"
After saying that, he opened his palm, and Qian Mo's soul floated in front of her. Then, he turned and left.
In the pawnshop, Qian Mo looked at the soul in front of her in a daze.
That fellow handed over his soul just like that?
Without any conditions?
Qian Mo was silent for a long time. Then, she looked in the direction that Ye Xuan left with a complicated look in her eyes.
...
After leaving the pawnshop, Ye Xuan returned to the Wu Clan.
He went to look for Guan Yin, Old Li, and the others.
Ye Xuan looked at Old Li. "Old Li, what is the level of the array formation now?"
Old Li said in a deep voice, "Give me five more days!"
Five days!
Ye Xuan frowned.
Guan Yin suddenly said, "You don't believe that Li Mian?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "If he is an idiot, how could he reach Self Release?
This person does not look like an idiot!
What I am most worried about is that they will join hands with the ancient temple to deal with me first! "
Guan Yin nodded. "That is highly possible!"
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "They will join hands with the ancient temple. This is the worst case scenario. Therefore, we have to prepare for the worst!"
After saying that, he looked at Old Li. "Old Li, we still need to speed up!"
Old Li nodded. "I will do my best!"
After saying that, he stood up and left.
Ye Xuan looked at Guan Yin. "How is the Sword Sect?"
Guan Yin said, "If they make a move, they will definitely give you a pleasant surprise!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "You have worked hard during this period of time!"
Needless to say, Guan Yin's ability was extremely formidable. Especially her management ability. She was able to balance so many powers in the Fifth Dimension and manage everything in an orderly manner. This was truly rare!
Guan Yin looked at Ye Xuan. "I am doing this for myself and the Spirit Race!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "No matter what, Miss Guan Yin, I hope that we will be able to work together happily in the future!"
Guan Yin said in a low voice, "I have a question. Can you answer me honestly?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Go ahead!"
Guan Yin looked at Ye Xuan. "How strong is that green clothed man?"
This was a knot in her heart!
All those years ago, that green clothed man had almost annihilated the entire Spirit Race with a single sword strike!
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment before he said, "His strength should be on par with that woman in a plain dress!"
When she heard this, Guan Yin's tightly clenched fists loosened slowly. Or it should be said that her entire body seemed to have relaxed quite a bit.
Revenge had always been a knot in her heart, but after she found out about the green clothed man's strength, this knot in her heart had suddenly been undone!
Can I take revenge?
I definitely can't!
An expert on par with that woman in a plain dress! What sort of concept was that?
If the Spirit Race continued to take revenge, then they would be courting death!
She could give up on taking revenge in a justifiable manner!
It wasn't that she didn't want to take revenge, it was that she really couldn't!
Ye Xuan looked at Guan Yin. "Miss Guan, are you alright?"
Guan Yin shook her head. "What could possibly happen to me?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "It's good that you're fine!
Miss Guan, I'll leave the matters here to you!
I'll be going now! "
As soon as he finished speaking, he turned around and left.
Within the hall, Guan Yin shook her head and smiled bitterly. What sort of monster did the Spirit Race offend all those years ago!?
...
Ye Xuan arrived at a riverside, and he found Ah Jiu and Situ in a bamboo house by the riverside.
Ye Xuan smiled. "Greetings, Senior Sister. Greetings, Senior Situ!"
Situ said indifferently, "What's the matter?"
Ye Xuan said seriously, "Senior Sister, Senior Situ, both of you should have seen that old monk's strength earlier. Is there a huge difference between the two of you?"
Situ nodded. "There's a gap between us in terms of cultivation realm."
Ye Xuan hurriedly asked, "What about in terms of combat strength?"
Situ shrugged. "I haven't fought him, so I don't know!"
Ye Xuan looked at Ah Jiu, and Ah Jiu said softly, "We'll only know after we fight!"
We'll only know after we fight!
Ye Xuan's heart relaxed slightly. This proves that these two can fight that old monk!
Ah Jiu suddenly said, "The two of us can block two Self Release Realm experts for you!
If it's someone like that old monk, the two of us can join forces and block them for you!
However, your opponents don't seem to be just that, so you have to make more preparations, understand? "
Ye Xuan nodded. "I know!"
Ah Jiu nodded. "Go and do your work!
We will make a move when it's time! "
Ye Xuan hurriedly said, "Thank you, Senior Sister!"
After saying that, he turned and left.
Situ looked at Ye Xuan's back view and said softly, "Ah Jiu, if you get involved in this whirlpool, you might not have a good ending!"
Ah Jiu said casually, "Just do it!
What's the point of thinking so much? "
Situ shook her head. "Do people who drink have big hearts?"
...
Sixth Dimension.
On this day, Li Mian came to the Union Hall. The person who received him was the Union Hall's Wen Hall Master, Wen Zhaoruo.
In the Union Hall, Wen Zhaoruo said with a smile, "Is something the matter?"
Li Mian said with a smile, "Hall Master Wen should know why I'm here!"
Wen Zhaoruo said softly, "To be honest, our Union Hall doesn't want to get involved in the matters between Ye Xuan and the Dao World!"
Li Mian looked at Wen Zhaoruo. "Hall Master Wen, don't you want that Dao Scripture?"
Wen Zhaoruo said with a smile, "It's better not to have such a divine item!
Otherwise, it will only invite trouble. Our Union Hall wants to develop peacefully and seek benefits for the Sixth Dimension! "
Li Mian said with a smile, "As far as I know, the Union Hall has always been helping Ye Xuan!"
Wen Zhaoruo nodded. "We are only cooperating with him in exchange for some things we want. This won't affect the Dao World, right?"
Li Mian looked at Wen Zhaoruo. "Miss Wen, are you sure you won't consider joining forces with us?"
Wen Zhaoruo shook her head. "If the Fifth Dimension and the Dao World start a war, we won't interfere!"
Li Mian nodded. "Understood!
Goodbye! "
After saying that, he turned and left.
After Li Mian left, Wen Zhaoruo said softly, "I still want to live for a few more years!"
.....





Chapter 1223
Target Ye Xuan?
Wen Zhaoruo had such thoughts before!
That was because the Dao scripture was really tempting!
However, every time she thought about it, she would think of a person!
The plain-dressed woman!
The woman who had once destroyed the Union Hall with a sword from a Star Domain away!
That woman had almost destroyed the Union Hall and the entire Six-Dimensional Universe.
Even now, the Six-Dimensional Universe had yet to recover its Essence Energy!
In fact, Wen Zhaoruo did not understand why the Dao World wanted to fight to the death with Ye Xuan.
Could it be that the plain-dressed woman was too low-key in the Dao World?
She had almost destroyed the entire Demon Dao Family. How could she be low-key?
Wen Zhaoruo shook her head and sighed. She did not say anything else and turned to leave.
...
After Li Mian left the Union Hall, he arrived at the sacred mountain. At the foot of the sacred mountain, he looked up and could vaguely see an ancient temple at the end of the mountain.
Li Mian was a little curious. Besides him, the entire Dao World was curious about this ancient temple. However, even the Dao World did not know the origin of this ancient temple.
Li Mian was silent for a moment. Just as he was about to go up, a voice was heard beside him. "Sir, please wait!"
Li Mian turned around and saw an old man standing not far from him.
It was the old monk who had fought with him previously.
The old monk looked at Li Mian and pressed his palms together. "Benefactor Li, we meet again!"
Li Mian also pressed his palms together. "Greetings, Master!"
The old monk nodded slightly. "It seems like Benefactor Li does not believe Ye Xuan's words!"
Li Mian smiled. "Why would I believe him?
Master, I came here to cooperate with you. What do you think? "
The old monk looked at Li Mian. "Benefactor Li, please speak!"
Li Mian smiled. "If we don't make a move, the ancient temple will not either. We are all afraid that the other party will reap the benefits.
If we continue to be in a deadlock, Ye Xuan will benefit for nothing! "
The old monk nodded in agreement.
Li Mian smiled slightly. "Great Master, my idea is very simple. The Dao World and the ancient temple will join forces to kill Ye Xuan first. If we can kill Ye Xuan and the Dao scripture is really in his hands, then we can discuss the ownership of the Dao scripture!
But before that, what we need to do is to join forces and annihilate Ye Xuan first! "
The old monk fell silent.
Li Mian smiled and said, "Grandmaster, what do you think of Ye Xuan's talent?"
The old monk said softly, "A genius!"
Li Mian nodded. "Although I've only fought him once, we've investigated him. He's indeed a genius. Not only that, his combat strength is extremely strong, and he's also a Swordsman who has comprehended Sword Cognition.
If we continue to ignore him, he might not be someone we can deal with in the future. "
The old monk looked at Li Mian. "Do you know where the Fifth Dimension Tendo is?"
Li Mian shook his head. "I don't know!"
The old monk sighed softly. "Although Ye Xuan is terrifying, it's fortunate that he's under control.
As for the Fifth Dimension Tendo, it's terrifying … "
The thought of the Fifth Dimension Tendo gave him a headache.
If they weren't afraid of that woman, they would have attacked long ago!
Li Mian suddenly asked, "Is the Fifth Dimension Tendo very terrifying?"
The old monk glanced at Li Mian and said, "She's not particularly terrifying, but she's a little troublesome!"
Li Mian smiled. "How about this? If she dares to interfere with Ye Xuan's matters, let the Dao World deal with her. What do you think?"
The old monk looked at Li Mian. "Alright!"
Li Mian smiled slightly. "When do we make our move?"
The old monk said softly, "As soon as possible!"
Li Mian said, "The Dao World can do it anytime!"
The old monk said in a deep voice, "Once we find the Fifth Dimension Tendo!"
Li Mian nodded. "Alright!"
After saying that, he raised his head and glanced at the ancient temple on the sacred mountain. "Master, have you been to the Dao World?"
The master shook his head slightly. "No, but we know a little about the history of the Dao World, Dao World!"
Li Mian smiled. "The ancient temple is very mysterious!"
The master pressed his palms together and did not say anything.
Li Mian did not ask anything else and turned to leave. "After we find the Fifth Dimension Tendo, I'll inform you. Please bring your men over then."
After saying that, he was already at the end of the horizon.
After Li Mian disappeared, a woman in a monk's robe suddenly appeared behind the old monk.
The woman said softly, "Master, I'm sorry!"
The old monk smiled. "What are you sorry for?"
The woman said, "I'm incompetent. I couldn't get the study!"
The old monk shook his head. "That slippery Swordsman is not someone you can fight against!"
The woman looked at the old monk. "If we were to fight one-on-one, I might not lose to him!"
The old monk smiled. "I know. What I mean is that in terms of intelligence, he's more cunning than you. You're not suitable to fight against him."
The woman pressed her palms together. "Master, did the study originally belong to our ancient temple?"
The old monk shook his head. "No!"
The woman frowned. "Since it doesn't belong to the ancient temple, how can we snatch it by force?
Isn't that violating the Five Commandments? "
The old monk smiled and walked up the sacred mountain.
The woman quickly followed.
Along the way, the old monk said softly, "That item doesn't belong to the ancient temple, but it also doesn't belong to Ye Xuan and the prophet."
The woman looked at the old monk. "What do you mean?"
The old monk smiled. "That Dao Scripture is a divine item. In the ancient era, the heavens bestowed it to mortals to cultivate the Dao.
Strictly speaking, that Dao Scripture is a gift from the heavens to mortals. It's not anyone's private property!
Since it's not Ye Xuan's private property, how can we say that we're violating the commandments if we take it? "
The woman was silent.
The old monk continued. "Moreover, the prophet once promised our ancient temple that he was willing to hand over the Dao Scripture. Because of that, we helped him back then. However, he went back on his promise."
With that said, he shook his head. "Be it the prophet or Ye Xuan, they aren't good people!"
The woman suddenly said, "Master, I feel that Ye Xuan isn't simple. If we snatch that Dao Scripture, we might be tainted with great Karma!"
The old monk nodded. "Yes!
This person isn't simple. If not for that Dao Scripture being extremely important to our ancient temple, we wouldn't have offended him.
However, we have no choice. That Dao Scripture is too important to us. Even if we are tainted with great Karma, we can't do anything about it! "
The woman said in a deep voice, "Master, I've been observing the area below and I've discovered something. Do you want to hear it?"
The old monk nodded. "Speak!"
The woman said, "He wants to protect that universe!"
The old monk said, "That's a good thing!"
The woman looked at the old monk. "I don't think he's a bad person. At least, he's doing something right."
The old monk smiled. "I didn't say that he's a bad person!"
The woman frowned. "Then, we …"
The old monk said softly, "He has something we want, so he's our enemy. It's that simple.
Right and wrong are often decided by one's standpoint. "
The woman nodded. "Disciple understands!"
The old monk smiled. "Comet Heart, when we look at things, we often have to look at it from many angles. Every angle has a different result.
Take this Ye Xuan for example. You say that he's a good person, but have you ever thought about why the Fifth Dimension has a Fifth Dimension Tribulation?
It's because the Fifth Dimension Tribulation is a sin committed by all living beings!
Ye Xuan is protecting that universe. From a certain perspective, he's harming the living beings of that universe and the universe itself.
From the perspective of the Fifth Dimension, Ye Xuan is actually a bad person. Of course, from the perspective of all living beings of the Fifth Dimension, Ye Xuan is a good person! "
The woman in monk clothes called Hui Xin put her palms together. "Master, I understand!"
The old monk nodded slightly and smiled. "Then let's go!"
Soon, the two disappeared at the end of the Xiao Dao.
...
After Li Mian returned to the Fifth Dimension, he started to search for the Fifth Dimension Tendo. However, he did not find the Fifth Dimension Tendo. It was as if the Fifth Dimension Tendo had evaporated from the world.
In the starry sky, Li Mian and the rest gathered.
Mo Dao said solemnly, "This Fifth Dimension Tendo is indeed not simple!"
Li Mian looked at Mo Dao. "What do you mean?"
Mo Dao said solemnly, "I've checked. In the history of the Fifth Dimension, she has made a few moves. The Fifth Dimension's experts were miserably played by her. They are very afraid of her!"
Li Mian frowned. "Do you know what realm she has reached?"
Mo Dao shook his head. "I don't know!
However, she shouldn't be weak. Otherwise, that old monk would not be so afraid of her!
In short, we have to guard against her to prevent her from ruining things! "
Li Mian nodded. "Naturally. When we make a move, let A 'Da be in the dark. If she makes a move, A' Da can stop her!"
A Self Release Realm expert nodded. "Alright!
Don't say, I want to see how capable this so-called Fifth Dimension Tendo is! "
Li Mian nodded. "Having confidence is not a bad thing. However, don't look down on anyone, including this Tendo!"
A 'Da nodded. "Naturally!"
Li Mian looked down at the Fifth Dimension and said softly, "I hope that everything goes smoothly this time!
Is there any movement down there? "
Mo Dao shook his head. "There is no movement for the time being!
I suggest that we make a move now and catch them off guard! "
Li Mian shook his head. "That Ye Xuan is not that stupid. This person definitely has something to rely on. Wait for the ancient temple's people to come!"
Mo Dao hesitated before nodding. "Alright!"
If the ancient temple did not come, they would not dare to make a move!
...
While Li Mian and the rest were searching for the Fifth Dimension Tendo, the Tendo had stealthily arrived at the Dao World.
Mu Niannian held a roasted fish and slowly strolled through the starry sky. As she strolled, she arrived at the Emperor Clan's territory …
Mu Niannian looked down at the Emperor Clan's people. She chewed on the roasted fish and occasionally hummed an unknown tune.
Just like that, after a quarter of an hour, the fish was completely eaten by her, leaving only a bone spur.
After eating, she threw the fish bone to the side and took out a set of clothes to wear. Following that, she rubbed her face … Soon, she turned into a middle-aged man!
Di Linyuan!
This was the appearance of Di Linyuan!
Mu Niannian took out a mirror and looked at herself. Then, she nodded in satisfaction. The next moment, she swooped down from the starry sky. Soon, all the Emperor Clan experts raised their heads. When they saw the person rushing down, they were shocked.
"Patriarch is back!"
The entire Emperor Clan was in an uproar!
Soon, a figure entered the Emperor Clan's city. At this moment, a voice sounded from within the city, "Where is Patriarch …"
....
Soon, the matter of Di Linyuan's appearance spread throughout the Dao World … Countless experts rushed towards the Emperor Clan like crazy.
At the entrance of the Emperor Clan's main hall, an old man's face was pale. "My god … Who is playing with our Emperor Clan …"
....





Chapter 1224
At the entrance of the palace, the old man's face was pale, his eyes filled with shock.
In that instant, he had thought that Clan Leader Di Linyuan had returned to the imperial clan. However, when he entered the city and disappeared, he knew that it was not the Clan Leader.
Someone was messing with the imperial clan!
However, what shocked him was that he couldn't catch a glimpse of the other party the moment he entered the city. He also didn't know how the other party had disappeared without a trace.
Who was messing with the imperial clan?
And he was so powerful!
Killing without a blade!
At this moment, countless powerful auras appeared in the sky above the imperial clan. There were more than 30 powerful auras!
They were all at the Self Release realm!
Seeing this, the old man's face turned even paler!
At this moment, two people appeared in front of the old man.
These two people were the Pope and Jiang Yu of the Celestial Pavilion.
The two of them did not go to the lower realm because they wanted to stay here to look for the plain-dressed woman and Di Linyuan.
But now that Di Linyuan had appeared, there was only one explanation. The plain-dressed woman was gone!
The Dao Scripture was most likely on Di Linyuan!
Moreover, Tianxin Abyss was likely to be severely injured.
The Pope looked at the old man in front of him, "Your Clan Leader, please come out!"
The old man said in a low voice, "Your Excellency, the Clan Leader has not returned!"
The Pope frowned, he just stared at the old man, his expression calm, but it was chilling.
The old man smiled bitterly, "Your Excellency, someone is framing the imperial clan."
The Pope said in a low voice, "You said that before!
Let me ask you, who is framing the imperial clan? "
Who is framing the imperial clan?
The old man hesitated, then shook his head, "I don't know either!"
The Pope looked at the old man, his expression unkind, "Do you think we are all idiots?"
The old man looked at the Pope and said seriously, "Your Excellency, don't you think this is a little strange?"
The Pope was expressionless, "Come, tell me what is strange about it!"
The old man said in a low voice, "Even if the Clan Leader has returned, he would not have returned so openly. But he has returned so openly, isn't this the same as telling the world that he has returned?"
The Pope was silent.
Jiang Yu suddenly said, "You said that someone framed your Imperial Clan. I'm very curious, who framed your Imperial Clan?"
The old man shook his head. "I don't know!"
Jiang Yu asked again, "Di Ming, you are also in the upper level of Self Release. Let me ask you, who can vanish right in front of you?"
Jiang Yu fell silent.
This was what terrified him the most.
The other party had appeared in front of him, yet disappeared without a trace. How terrifying was his strength?
Up until now, he could only think of one or two people who had this kind of strength. However, there was no reason for those two people to frame an Emperor Clan.
So who could it be?
Jiang Yu suddenly looked at the Pope. The Pope nodded slightly, and the two of them spread out their divine senses. Very quickly, their divine senses covered the entire imperial clan!
Seeing this, the faces of the Imperial Clan and the other powerhouses darkened.
When had the Emperor Clans ever been bullied like this?
Some of the monarch races wanted to attack but were stopped by Di Ming!
He was well aware of the current situation of the Emperor Clans. The current Emperor Clans were no longer the Emperor Clans of the past. If they were not careful, they would truly be consigned to eternal damnation!
Soon, the Pope and Jiang Yu frowned.
Because they had yet to discover Di Linyuan's whereabouts!
Green City, Ye Clan, Ancestral Hall.
"Ancestor, Ye Xuan has no talent, no virtue …. From now on, Ye Xuan's Prince position shall be removed, Ye Lang shall take over."
The one who spoke was an old man in a black robe.
Not far behind the old man, stood a young man with a faint smile on his face.
This young man was Ye Lang.
Beside him were the Ye Clan's elders.
"Why!"
At this moment, a timid voice sounded in the ancestral hall.
Everyone turned to look and saw a little girl standing at the door. She was about 12 or 13 years old, and her hands were tightly gripping the hem of her skirt. Her face had a sickly pallor, and she looked a little weak. There was even a trace of fear in her eyes.
The little girl's name was Ye Ling, Ye Xuan's younger sister. When she heard that the clan was going to remove Ye Xuan from his position, she disregarded her illness and rushed over.
The black-robed old man frowned, "Ye Ling, what are you doing!"
The little girl named Ye Ling bowed at the people in the ancestral hall and said timidly, "Grand Elder, my brother Ye Xuan is a Prince, why did you remove him for no reason?"
The Grand Elder glanced at Ye Ling coldly, "This is a matter of the clan, what are you interrupting?
Leave! "
Ye Ling was clearly afraid, she didn't dare to look at the Grand Elder but she didn't leave. Instead, she plucked up her courage and walked into the ancestral hall. She bowed at the two elders again, "Dear elders, my brother is fighting with the Li Clan for the mining rights in the South Mountain. He is fighting for the clan with his life on the line and his life is unknown. But now, the clan has removed his Prince position with a groundless excuse. This is unfair."
"How dare you!"
The Grand Elder suddenly said angrily, "It's not up to a little girl like you to decide whether he should be removed or not.
Someone, drag her away. "
At this moment, the new Prince Ye Lang suddenly laughed, "You should be flogged thirty times as a warning to others!"
The Grand Elder said coldly, "Then flog him thirty times!"
Soon, two guards of the Ye Clan rushed in.
Ye Ling clenched her fists and said angrily, "This is unfair. My brother has risked his life for the clan for so many years, even now he is fighting for the clan. The clan is unfair to him …"
One of the guards glanced at the new Prince Ye Lang and knew that his chance to perform had come.
The guard sneered, "Young Master Ye Lang is the heir, it's everyone's wish. Why are you shouting?" As he spoke, he raised his hand and slapped Ye Ling's face.
Slap!
A crisp slap sounded, and the right side of Ye Ling's face instantly turned red and swollen. However, she did not cry and only covered her cheek tightly.
Ye Lang looked at the guard and smiled, "What's your name?"
The guard hurriedly bowed, "Subordinate Zhang Mu greets the Prince."
Ye Lang nodded, "You're not bad. After I become the Prince, I need ten guards. You can be my guard from now on."
Hearing this, Zhang Mu was overjoyed and hurriedly bowed deeply, "This subordinate is willing to go through fire and water for the Prince, even if it means death!"
Ye Lang nodded slightly, "Drag him away. This person is disturbing the ancestral hall, don't show any mercy, understand?"
Zhang Mu glanced at Ye Lang, and when he saw the murderous intent in Ye Lang's eyes, he understood.
He immediately grabbed Ye Ling's hair and dragged her out.
At this moment, Zhang Mu seemed to see something and suddenly stopped.
Within the ancestral hall, everyone turned their heads to look outside.
Not far from the ancestral hall, a youth was walking towards the ancestral hall. He was wearing a tight-fitting robe that was tattered and covered in blood.
This person was Ye Xuan, who had rushed back from Nanshan!
Seeing Ye Xuan, Ye Lang's lips curled into a cold smile.
Within the ancestral hall, all the Elders frowned.
The Great Elder's eyes narrowed, his face dark and gloomy, not knowing what he was thinking.
From afar, when Ye Xuan saw Zhang Mu dragging Ye Ling, his face turned savage, "Who gave you the guts to touch my sister?"
When Zhang Mu saw Ye Xuan, his face changed. He quickly looked at Ye Lang and was about to speak. At this time, Ye Xuan was like a ferocious tiger, leaping in front of him. Before the latter could react, Ye Xuan's fist landed on his face.
Peng!
Zhang Mu felt a wave of dizziness, and he stumbled and fell.
Ye Lang did not stop there, and charged towards Zhang Mu again. At this time, Ye Lang suddenly roared, "Ye Xuan, he's my man, how dare you …"
Ye Xuan suddenly stepped on Zhang Mu's chest.
Pui!
Zhang Mu spat out a mouthful of blood.
Seeing this, Ye Lang's face turned ugly, while Ye Xuan lifted his head to look at him, asking savagely, "Your man?"
As he spoke, he stomped down on Zhang Mu's face.
Zhang Mu's face turned into a bloody mess, as he screamed, "Prince, save, save me …"
Ye Xuan did not care about Zhang Mu, as he walked to Ye Ling's side. Seeing Ye Ling's state, Ye Xuan felt as though his heart was being sliced by a knife. He clenched his fists, and his entire body trembled.
When Ye Ling saw Ye Xuan, her tears flowed, "Brother, it hurts, it hurts …"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan's expression turned savage. In the next instant, he charged in front of Zhang Mu and kicked Zhang Mu's head.
Peng!
Qingcheng, Ye Clan, Ancestral Hall.
"Ancestors, Ye Xuan has no talent, no morals … From now on, Ye Xuan's position will be removed, and Ye Lang will take over."
The one who spoke was an old man in black robes.
Not far behind the old man, there was a youth with a smile on his face.
This person was Ye Lang.
On both sides, there were the Elders of the Ye Clan.
"Why!?"
Right at this moment, a slightly timid voice suddenly resounded within the ancestral hall.
Everyone turned to look and saw a little girl standing at the door. She was about 12 or 13 years old, and her hands were tightly gripping the hem of her skirt. Her face had a sickly pallor, and she looked a little weak. There was even a trace of fear in her eyes.
This girl was called Ye Ling, and she was Ye Xuan's younger sister. When she heard that the clan wanted to remove Ye Xuan, she had rushed over despite her illness.
The black-robed old man frowned, "Ye Ling, what are you doing!?"
The girl called Ye Ling bowed to the people in the hall, and said timidly, "Great Elder, my brother Ye Xuan is a Prince, why did you remove him for no reason?"
The Great Elder looked at Ye Ling coldly, "This is a matter of the clan, what are you interrupting?
Leave! "
Ye Ling was obviously afraid, and did not dare to look at the Great Elder, but she did not leave. Instead, she plucked up her courage and walked into the hall. She bowed to the Elders on both sides, "Elders, my brother is fighting with the Li Clan over the mining rights at Nanshan. He is fighting for the clan, and we don't know if he's dead or alive. Yet, the clan is using a groundless excuse to remove him from the position. This is unfair."
"Impudent!"
The Great Elder suddenly raged, "Whether he is removed or not, it's not up to a little girl like you to decide.
Men, drag her away. "
At this moment, the newly appointed Prince Ye Lang suddenly laughed, "You should be flogged thirty times as a warning to others!"
The Great Elder said coldly, "Then flog thirty times!"
Soon, two guards of the Ye Clan rushed in.
Ye Ling clenched her fists, and said angrily, "This is unfair. My brother has risked his life for the clan for so many years, and even now, he is fighting for the clan. The clan is so unfair to him …"
One of the guards glanced at the newly appointed Prince Ye Lang, and he knew that this was his chance to show off.
The guard sneered, "Young Master Ye Lang inherits the position of Prince, and it's everyone's wish. What are you yelling about?" With that, he raised his hand and slapped Ye Ling's face.
Slap!
A crisp slap sounded, and the right side of Ye Ling's face instantly swelled up, but she did not cry. She just held her cheek tightly.
Ye Lang looked at the guard, and smiled, "What's your name?"
The guard hurriedly bowed, "I'm Zhang Mu, greeting the Crown Prince."
Ye Lang nodded, "You're not bad. After I become the Crown Prince, I need ten guards. You can be my guard from now on."
Hearing this, Zhang Mu was overjoyed, and he hurriedly bowed deeply, "I'm willing to go through fire and water for the Crown Prince!"
Ye Lang nodded slightly, "Drag him away. This person is disturbing the ancestral hall. Don't show any mercy, understand?"
Zhang Mu glanced at Ye Lang, and when he saw the murderous intent in Ye Lang's eyes, he understood.
Immediately, he grabbed Ye Ling's hair and dragged her out.
At this moment, Zhang Mu seemed to have seen something, and he suddenly stopped.
In the ancestral hall, everyone turned their heads to look outside.
Not far from the ancestral hall, a young man was walking towards the ancestral hall. The young man was wearing a tight-fitting robe that was tattered, and there was blood everywhere.
This person was Ye Xuan, who had rushed back from the South Mountain!
Seeing Ye Xuan, Ye Lang's lips curled into a cold smile.
Inside the ancestral hall, the Elders frowned.
The Great Elder narrowed his eyes, and his expression was frighteningly dark. No one knew what he was thinking.
From afar, when Ye Xuan saw Zhang Mu dragging Ye Ling, his expression turned savage, "Who gave you the guts to touch my sister?"
When Zhang Mu saw Ye Xuan, his expression changed. He hurriedly looked at Ye Lang, and just as he was about to speak, Ye Xuan leaped in front of him like a ferocious tiger. Before the latter could react, Ye Xuan's fist landed on his face.
Peng!
Zhang Mu felt a wave of dizziness, and he stumbled and fell.
However, Ye Ling did not stop there, and charged towards Zhang Mu once more. At this time, Ye Lang suddenly roared, "Ye Xuan, he's my man, how dare you …"
Ye Xuan suddenly stepped on Zhang Mu's chest.
Pu!
Zhang Mu spat out a mouthful of blood.
Seeing this, Ye Lang's expression turned ugly. Ye Xuan looked up at him, and said, "Your man?"
As he spoke, he stepped on Zhang Mu's face.
Zhang Mu's face turned into a bloody mess, as he screamed, "Prince, save, save me …"
Ye Xuan did not care about Zhang Mu, as he walked to Ye Ling's side. Seeing Ye Ling's state, Ye Xuan felt as though his heart was being sliced by a knife. He clenched his fists, and his entire body trembled.
When Ye Ling saw Ye Xuan, her tears flowed, "Brother, it hurts, it hurts …"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan's expression turned savage, and he charged in front of Zhang Mu, before kicking out at Zhang Mu's head.
Peng!





Chapter 1225
In the sky above the Imperial clan.
Di Lintian scanned his surroundings and his frown deepened.
He could feel the dangerous aura around him, but he just couldn't find the other party.
What was going on?
Di Lintian frowned.
Soon, he realized that the dangerous aura had disappeared.
Gone!
Di Lintian slowly closed his eyes. "I never thought that there would be such a powerful cultivator in this world."
Di Ming asked solemnly, "Ancestor, what should we do now?"
The Imperial Descent Tendo asked, "Has our Imperial Descent Clan offended anyone recently?"
Di Ming pondered and said, "If we're talking about offense, it's probably because of Ye Xuan and the lady in plain dress!"
Di Lintian looked at Di Ming, "Plain dress lady?"
Di Ming nodded, "Rumor has it that the scripture is in the hands of the lady and Ye Xuan. Clan master has gone to look for the lady but there's no news of her."
Di Lintian counted with his fingers and shook his head. "He's dead!"
Dead!
Di Ming was stunned, moments later, he shook his head and smiled bitterly.
In fact, he had thought of this before, because he knew Di Linyuan's personality. Even if he had obtained the scripture, he would have notified him.
Di Lintian looked down at the people of the imperial family. After a moment of silence, he said, "The imperial family is tainted with bad karma. This karma is related to the woman in the plain dress and Ye Xuan."
As he spoke, he looked at Di Ming, "The appearance of the Dao Scripture signifies the arrival of chaos. It's impossible for the monarch races to stay out of this mess."
Di Ming asked solemnly, "What should we choose?"
Di Lintian said softly, "You can investigate the lady in plain dress and Ye Xuan and see if they are reliable."
Di Ming frowned, "With them?"
Di Lintian looked up at the end of the heavens, "Many times, only by following the will of the heavens can one live longer.
If that scripture is really in the hands of that Ye Xuan, why don't we follow the will of heaven? "
Di Ming remained silent.
Di Lintian said softly, "Go and get in touch with them!"
Di Ming looked at Di Lintian, "Ancestor, what do you think about the Dao Scripture?"
Di Lintian smiled, "If it was in the past, I definitely would!
But now … I'm already a dead person, what else can I think? "
Di Ming asked solemnly, "How did our ancestor die?"
Di Lintian looked at the horizon, "This is how the world is, there will always be unknown powers."
As he spoke, he looked at Di Ming, "Now, I can't care so much anymore. The future generations should focus on improving themselves."
As soon as he finished speaking, his figure gradually turned illusory, and it wasn't long before he vanished completely.
Di Ming opened his palm, revealing a split soul in his hand.
It was Di Lintian's!
Because they didn't take action, there was no consumption. The Emperor Clans still had a chance to preserve their lives!
As if he had thought of something, his pupils suddenly shrank.
At this moment, he suddenly thought of something that everyone had overlooked!
When this plainly dressed woman slaughtered her way into the Demonic Path families, did the Demonic Path families not summon their ancestors?
There must be an ancestor summoning!
But the Demonic Path family still lost a sixth dimensional Self Release realm powerhouse!
In other words, the ancestor of the Demonic Dao family clan had not been able to stop the plain-dressed woman!
If that was the case …
Di Ming slowly closed his eyes and moments later, he suddenly shouted, "Elder!"
As his voice trailed off, an old man appeared beside him.
Di Ming said softly, "Go down to the lower realm and contact Ye Xuan, see how he is!
This concerns the future of the Demonic Path families, do not act recklessly! "
Elder nodded, "Understood!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he left silently.
Di Ming looked around, his eyes were filled with worry.
Just like what Di Lintian said, someone was messing with the monarch races. Could this person be Ye Xuan's man?
...
After the pope and the others left the monarch races, the pope and Jiang Yu didn't look too good.
The two of them wanted to use this chance to annihilate the monarch races!
With that, the entire Dao World would be left with only the God Palace, Celestial Pavilion, and Dao Village!
The Dao Village didn't care about anything, it could be said that the God Palace and Celestial Pavilion were the rulers of the entire Dao World. After devouring the monarch races and the Demonic Path families, the God Palace and Celestial Pavilion's power would reach a new peak!
But what they didn't expect was that Di Ming would be so decisive and use all of the monarch races' trump cards!
With that, if they attacked again, both sides would suffer!
But now, they didn't want both sides to suffer because there was something more important, and that was the Dao Scripture!
The Dao Scripture was more important than anything else!
Jiang Yu suddenly said, "Is someone trying to frame the monarch races?"
The pope said, "Very likely. Just like what Di Ming said, even if that Di Linyuan obtained the Dao Scripture, he wouldn't have returned so openly. Under normal circumstances, he would have gone as far as he could, hidden himself, and cultivated the Dao Scripture. He wouldn't have returned to the monarch races!
But now, he has returned so openly. It's highly possible that someone is trying to frame the monarch races, wanting us to have a conflict with the monarch races so that they can reap the benefits. "
Jiang Yu suddenly said, "Could it be the Dao Village?"
The Dao Village!
The pope frowned, he turned to the right side of the sky. One had to admit, it was possible!
Because in the entire Dao World, only the Dao Village had such power!
Besides, if they were to fight the monarch races, who would benefit the most?
The Dao Village!
The Dao Village!
The pope said solemnly, "It might be the Dao Village, but I can't be sure!"
Jiang Yu nodded with an ugly expression. If it really was the Dao Village, then things would be troublesome!
At this moment, a Self Release Realm expert suddenly said, "Sirs, you seem to have forgotten something!"
Jiang Yu and the pope looked at the old man who spoke and the old man said, "Sirs, Pavilion Master Jiang, the Dao World's spiritual energy is disappearing quickly. If this continues, the Dao World's spiritual energy will dry up in a few decades. Our top priority now is to find that Dao Spirit because the depletion of the entire Dao World's spiritual energy must be related to her!"
The pope and the pope kept silent.
Spiritual energy depletion!
It wouldn't affect them in the short term, but the Dao World would only get weaker in the long run!
What did people rely on to cultivate?
Spiritual energy, of course!
Without enough spiritual energy, cultivation would be affected!
If this continued, the younger generation of the Dao World would be much weaker than they were now!
Jiang Yu suddenly said, "Why did the Dao Spirit disappear?"
The old man shook his head, "I don't know!
In short, after the Dao Scripture appeared, I feel that someone is targeting the Dao World. It's best for the two of you to be on guard and not let outsiders take advantage of it. "
The pope nodded. "I will send people to investigate this matter!"
With that, he looked down and said softly, "I wonder how the Lower Realm is doing!
Is the Dao Scripture in Ye Xuan's hands? If it is … "
Dao Scripture!
Behind them, the old man sighed inwardly.
He knew that the Dao Scripture was the most important to the pope and the pope!
That was true, it was an existence that could help them break through!
But he suddenly realized that the Dao World was in chaos!
The major forces were killing each other, suspecting each other, and the Dao Spirit had disappeared. It could be said that the Dao World was in a terrible situation.
But everyone was still thinking about the Dao Scripture!
Dao Scripture!
The old man shook his head and sighed.
...
Lower Realm.
Li Mian and the others still couldn't find the Fifth Dimension Tendo, so they stopped searching!
On this day, six Self Release Realm experts arrived in the starry sky.
Li Mian looked down at Shaman City. Meanwhile, a young man appeared in front of them. It was Ye Xuan.
An Lanxiu and the other women were by Ye Xuan's side!
Ye Xuan looked at Li Mian and smiled, "What are all of you doing?"
Li Mian smiled, "Young Master Ye, don't play any tricks with us this time!
Just one word, hand over the Dao Scripture and we'll leave! "
Ye Xuan spoke in a low voice, "It's at the ancient temple!"
Li Mian shook his head, "Young Master Ye, I'm truly speechless. The thickness of your skin really exceeds the Old Man's expectations."
Everyone was speechless.
Meanwhile, an old monk suddenly appeared. It was the old monk from the ancient temple.
Behind the old monk were three other monks in black robes.
The three of them pressed their palms together and restrained their auras. They were like the vast starry sky, and they emanated an invisible pressure.
When they saw them, not only did Ye Xuan and the others have solemn expressions, even Li Mian and the others had solemn expressions.
All three of them were at the upper stage of the Self Release Realm!
Was the ancient temple so strong?
At this moment, the old monk suddenly looked at Ye Xuan, "Young Master Ye, there is a Buddhist scripture from my ancient temple in the study room. Young Master Ye, please return it!"
Ye Xuan said seriously, "Didn't you take it already?"
The old monk chanted, "Young Master Ye, this old monk begs you to be a good person!
Don't frame my ancient temple!
If there's any problem, we can solve it with our fists. I'm really … really speechless by your slander! "
Everyone was speechless.
Li Mian also looked at Ye Xuan, "Ye Xuan, forgive me for speaking bluntly. The current you has no chance of winning. If you hand over the Dao Scripture and we leave, your Fifth Dimension will be safe for a lifetime!"
The old monk quickly said, "If Young Master Ye is willing to hand it over, my ancient temple will immediately leave and never step into the Fifth Dimension."
In fact, he did not want to risk his life against Ye Xuan because the karma on Ye Xuan was too great. However, there was no other way, the study room was too important to the ancient temple!
The two things inside were things that the ancient temple would not give up no matter what!
Ye Xuan was silent.
Li Mian said again, "Young Master Ye, forgive me for speaking bluntly. The current you has no chance of winning!
If you resist, not only will you die, but the people behind you will also be buried with you.
A single mistake on your part will determine the life and death of the Fifth Dimension. Therefore, please think carefully! "
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "I've thought about it a long time ago!"
Li Mian looked at Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Look, you came to steal my things, yet you still put on such a benevolent attitude. I, Ye Xuan, will tell you today, even if I throw this study room into the cesspool, I will not give it to you!"
After saying that, he pointed the Executing Heaven Sword at Li Mian and the others, "I only have one sentence to say, life and death are indifferent. If you are not happy, then fight!"
.....





Chapter 1226
Fight!
This was Ye Xuan's attitude!
In the starry sky, the old monk sighed. He looked at the distant Li Mian. Li Mian smiled, "Young Master Ye's courage is praiseworthy, but he's a bit stupid!
Kill! "
After saying this, the four Self Release Realm experts behind him charged down from the starry sky. There was still one who didn't attack. His mission was to defend against the Fifth Dimension Tendo.
The four Self Release Realm experts charged down together. At this moment, the entire starry sky boiled.
Four Self Release Realm experts!
Beside Ye Xuan, Seven looked at An Lanxiu, "You and I will work together!"
An Lanxiu nodded.
The next moment, the two women charged into the sky!
The two of them charged at one of the Self Release Realm experts!
Although the two women were monsters, it was still a bit difficult for them to fight one on one. After all, the difference in cultivation was too great!
But two against one was not a big problem!
In next to no time, the two women obstructed a Self Release Realm expert. At the beginning, that Self Release Realm expert wanted to quickly kill An Lanxiu and the other, but he quickly noticed that the two of them weren't as weak as he thought. He didn't dare underestimate them!
At this moment, the other three Self Release Realm experts had already arrived above Ye Xuan's head!
Ye Xuan didn't attack. Twenty-eight experts suddenly appeared in front of the three!
All the half-step Self Release Realm experts of the Fifth Dimension!
This was Guan Yin's intention. He wanted these half-step Self Release Realm experts to fight with those Self Release Realm experts to temper themselves. Perhaps there might be unexpected gains that would allow them to reach Self Release Realm!
There was still a huge difference between half-step Self Release Realm and Self Release Realm experts. It was also because of this that Guan Yin wanted all the half-step Self Release Realm experts to attack together.
Twenty-eight against three!
Ye Xuan and Guan Yin were a bit nervous, but they had no choice. If these half-step Self Release Realm experts wanted to improve, the best way was to fight Self Release Realm experts!
Soon, everyone began to fight!
What surprised Ye Xuan and Guan Yin was that the twenty-six people actually blocked those three Self Release Realm experts. Moreover, they weren't at a disadvantage, both sides were evenly matched!
Ye Xuan and Guan Yin exchanged glances. Guan Yin said in a deep voice, "The three of them aren't that good!"
Ye Xuan nodded. He looked at the old monk and the others in the distance. If these 28 people were to go against the person behind the old monk, they would not stand a chance!
In the starry sky, Li Mian and Mo Dao's expressions were somewhat gloomy.
The two of them had never expected that their own people would be blocked by the half-step Self Release Realm experts of the Fifth Dimension!
At this moment, the old monk suddenly said, "For these people to be able to reach Half-Step Void Realm in such an environment, it's extraordinary in itself!"
Li Mian looked at the old monk, "Master, can you make your move now?"
The old monk nodded. Behind him, the three monks suddenly disappeared.
He disappeared without any warning!
When the three of them appeared, they were already above Ye Xuan and the others!
And at this moment, four women suddenly appeared in front of them.
Ah Jiu, Situ, the asura, and the one-legged woman!
Ah Jiu took out the wine gourd at her waist and took a huge gulp. Then she looked at one of the monks, "Come!"
After saying that, she suddenly turned into a sword light and shot out!
The sword light streaked across the starry sky, causing the world to lose color!
The monk put his palms together, his expression not changing at all. He took a step forward and sent out a palm.
Boom!
In the starry sky, the sword light was forced to stop a thousand feet in front of him. But in the next moment, the sword light suddenly shattered. Then, a sword arrived in front of the monk.
The monk slowly closed his eyes!
Chi!
Ah Jiu's sword pierced through empty air. At some point, the monk was already at her original position!
Ah Jiu did not turn around. She slashed her sword to the right and took another gulp from the wine gourd at her waist. At this moment, a powerful force attacked her from behind.
Ah Jiu put down the wine gourd, turned around, and stabbed out with her sword.
When this sword came out, the entire world seemed to slow down!
"Sword sense to the limit!"
In the starry sky, the old monk suddenly frowned!
This was a sign that his sword sense had reached the limit!
Down below, Ye Xuan stared at Ah Jiu's sword.
Sword sense to the limit!
This sword strike made him want to draw his sword as well!
This cheap Senior Sister was stronger than he had imagined!
In the starry sky, as Ah Jiu stabbed out with her sword, the powerful force in front of her shattered. Along with it, the space in front of her also shattered.
Boom!
A sword light flashed, and a figure frantically retreated hundreds of thousands of feet!
It was the monk who had been fighting Ah Jiu!
The moment the monk stopped, blood spurted out from the back of his right shoulder.
That sword had pierced through his right hand!
However, there was still no expression on the monk's face.
In the starry sky, Li Mian stared at Ah Jiu. This woman was only at the half-step Self Release Realm, but she could fight a First Release Realm expert!
Furthermore, she had such a huge advantage!
Were there so many monstrous geniuses in the Fifth Dimension?
Ah Jiu took out the wine gourd and took a gulp. Then, she looked at the monk 100,000 feet away. "Continue!"
As soon as she finished speaking, her figure turned illusory. In an instant, numerous afterimages flickered through that expanse of space.
She was fast to the limit!
The monk pressed his palms together and started chanting silently. It didn't take long for pages of golden scriptures to appear around him. After these scriptures appeared, an enormous and ancient golden Buddha suddenly appeared behind him.
Along with the appearance of this ancient golden Buddha statue, everyone present felt an extremely powerful pressure. Some half-step Self Release Realm experts even felt like their chests were blocked, and they were unable to breathe.
Down below, Ye Xuan felt this invisible pressure as well. He waved his right hand, and the pressure was blocked by his sword intent.
Ye Xuan looked at the monk. The monk suddenly raised his head and looked in front of him. The ray of sword light had already arrived. He suddenly made a light gesture with his right hand. In an instant, the giant Buddha statue behind him exploded with a beam of golden light. Then, a giant golden palm print blasted on the ray of sword light.
Rumble!
The sword light instantly shattered!
Ah Jiu was blasted back to where she stood earlier, and the space in front of her and the monk had been transformed into nothingness!
Both of them were within a spatial black hole, but the golden Buddha was still there!
The monk looked at Ah Jiu and pressed his palms together. The enormous golden Buddha behind him pressed its palms together as well. In an instant, a powerful pressure swept through the surroundings like a storm and smashed down towards Ah Jiu!
He was trying to suppress her!
Ah Jiu's expression was calm. She waved her right hand, and then the sword in her hand flew out and floated in front of her.
Bang!
A strand of formidable Sword Insight surged out from within the Sword Sect, and it forcefully blocked the formidable pressure from Chen Xi!
Two powerful pressures collided incessantly in midair, and the starry sky in the surroundings started to fluctuate violently like boiling water.
Meanwhile, Ah Jiu suddenly gazed at Situ and the others, "All of you fight! Don't worry about us!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she took a mouthful of wine, picked up the sword in front of her, and charged forward.
The monk who stood in front of Ah Jiu vanished on the spot as well!
It didn't take long for the sounds of intense battle to resound from afar.
Right at this moment, the remaining two monks above Ye Xuan's group gazed at Situ, Aro, and the one-legged woman.
Situ suddenly said, "I'll fight one of them!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she gestured with her right hand, and a saber suddenly flew out from nowhere. In the next moment, she'd appeared in front of one of the monks along with her saber, and a single swing of her saber shook the heavens and the earth!
The monk that Situ had chosen suddenly clenched his fists tightly, and then he smashed them forward!
It was a head-on collision!
Rumble!
With two punches, two huge golden fist prints swept down from the sky.
A wisp of disdain flashed through Situ's eyes as she swung her saber.
Bang!
At the instant that she swung her saber, the two golden fists were instantly transformed into nothingness. At the same time, Situ suddenly appeared in front of the monk with her saber in hand, and then she slashed down with her saber!
This strike was soundless and didn't emit any saber qi, but everyone felt a sense of danger!
In front of everyone's eyes, the monk suddenly raised his arms to block the attack!
He blocked the saber with his arms!
Bang!
As the saber descended, the space around Situ and the monk shattered into nothingness. However, the monk forcefully withstood the saber. Situ's shocking saber had only sliced through the monk's sleeve!
After the clothes were torn, everyone realized that the monk's arms were covered in golden runes. These golden runes emitted a powerful force, and it was this force that had forcefully blocked Situ's saber!
Situ slashed down with her saber again after her first strike failed!
Bang!
This time, the saber directly forced the monk to retreat a thousand feet away!
After the monk stopped, he looked at Situ. "Miss, your saber technique is so sharp!"
Situ grinned, "Then I'll take another strike!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she took a step forward. When her step landed, she was already in front of the monk. This time, the monk didn't forcefully resist Situ's saber. Instead, he punched Situ's abdomen!
Obviously, he wanted to exchange injury for injury.
At this moment, Situ suddenly became illusory.
Chi! Chi!
Chi! Several saber lights suddenly streaked past the monk, and the sound of something tearing resounded. When everyone regained their senses, Situ had already returned to her original position!
What a fast saber!
This was the thought of everyone present!
In the starry sky, the old monk looked at Situ with a solemn expression.
How could there be so many monsters in the Fifth Dimension?
What was going on?
Li Mian and the other person's expressions became more and more unsightly. They hadn't expected that there would be so many experts in the Fifth Dimension!
This was completely different from the Fifth Dimension they had imagined!
These guys could all challenge those at a higher level!
In fact, they had overlooked one point. Ye Xuan had gathered all the experts in the Fifth Dimension. Almost all the monsters who could challenge those at a higher level had been gathered here!
If the Dao World and the ancient temple could do this, then the Fifth Dimension would definitely not be their opponent!
Simply put, the Fifth Dimension was more united than the Dao World!
Below, although the monk had been slashed four times by Situ, his body had unexpectedly withstood these four strikes. Moreover, he had only suffered some superficial wounds!
It didn't take long for the two of them to start fighting again.
On the other side, the last monk looked at Aro and the one-legged woman!
Aro and the one-legged woman didn't waste any words and directly charged out!
At this moment, the old monk suddenly appeared not far away from Ye Xuan. The old monk looked at Ye Xuan and said, "Young Master Ye, why don't we have a spar?"
Ye Xuan's eyelids twitched, and then he said, "You have the nerve to say that!
Master, there's a difference of a few realms between us!
Why don't you lower your realm and fight me? "
The old monk looked at Ye Xuan and said, "Young Master Ye, you have the nerve to say that?
We seem to be fighting to the death, right? "
Ye Xuan said, "You said it was a spar!"
The old monk was silent for a moment, and then he said, "I'm sorry, this old monk has underestimated Young Master Ye's shamelessness!
Young Master Ye, let's not spar, let's fight to the death! "
Ye Xuan, "…"
..
PS: I want to take a picture and attract some fans!





Chapter 1227
At that moment, the old monk finally understood!
He could not treat this Young Master Ye with common sense.
Ye Xuan smiled, "You're really thick-skinned to spar with me at this realm!"
The old monk pressed his palms together, "Young Master Ye, this old monk will ask you one last time. Are you willing to hand over the study house?"
Ye Xuan shook his head, "No!"
The old monk nodded, "I understand."
With that said, he took a step forward. Behind him, a golden light shone brightly. At that moment, everyone's expression changed drastically!
Ah Jiu and Situ's voices rang in Ye Xuan's mind at the same time, "Be careful!"
Be careful!
There was a solemn tone in the voice.
The old monk looked at Ye Xuan. He did not make a move but an invisible pressure pressed towards Ye Xuan. There was an extremely solemn voice in the pressure, "Put down the butcher's knife and you will immediately become a Buddha. Put down the butcher's knife and you will immediately become a Buddha …"
The voice had a penetrating power that struck straight into one's heart, making one revere it!
Beside Ye Xuan, Guan Yin frowned slightly. At that moment, she actually had the thought of not resisting!
Guan Yin hurriedly hid behind Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan took a step forward and a sword intent reverberated from the sword in his hand.
However, the sword intent only blocked the pressure but not the voice. The voice was like a sharp sword that pierced into Ye Xuan's mind. At that moment, Ye Xuan's mind was filled with that voice!
Ye Xuan suddenly smiled, "Put down the butcher's knife?
Put down the butcher's knife and I will die faster! "
As soon as he finished speaking, the voice suddenly disappeared without a trace.
The old monk looked at Ye Xuan and did not say a word.
He had just used a divine power from the ancient temple called Words of Condemnation. However, he had underestimated Ye Xuan's Sword Dao Innate Heart.
How could a powerful Swordsman's heart be so easily shaken?
As far as Ye Xuan was concerned, his mental state was invulnerable.
The old monk pressed his palms together and said softly, "I've still underestimated Young Master Ye!"
Ye Xuan looked at the old monk and smiled. "Master, can I ask you something?"
The old monk nodded, "Young master Ye, please speak!"
Ye Xuan smiled faintly. "Do you people outside of this world have compassion in your hearts?"
The old monk looked at Ye Xuan, "Young Master Ye, we have a compassionate heart, but we do not have a compassionate heart towards everyone.
A compassionate heart is for a compassionate person, and Young Master Ye is not a compassionate person! "
Ye Xuan smiled. "Let me boast a little. What I'm doing now, isn't it a compassionate thing?"
The old monk nodded. "What Young Master Ye is doing is a compassionate thing to the living beings in this universe. However, to the universe itself, it is not a compassionate thing."
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Master, does your ancient temple care about the universe or the common people?
Or should I say, do you care about the universe or the common people? "
The old monk was silent.
Ye Xuan continued, "If you care about the universe, Master, having cultivated to this level, the destruction you can cause to the universe is comparable to millions of people. If you care about the common people, is it a compassionate thing for Master to kill people here today?"
The old monk looked at Ye Xuan, "If Almsgiver Ye truly cares about the common people, then all the more you should hand over that study room. As long as that study room is handed over, this old monk will immediately return to the Sixth Dimension."
Ye Xuan shook his head and smiled. "Master, you see, your goal is to snatch that study room. Whether you talk about compassion or not, it all depends on whether the other party's actions are in line with Master's interests. If it is, then you talk about compassion. If it isn't, then Master's compassion will change your words!"
As he said that, he shook his head and smiled again. "Master, just now you told me to put down the butcher's knife and become a Buddha. I have something to ask Master. I, Ye Xuan, have never taken the initiative to raise the butcher's knife. How do you want me to put it down?
At this moment, Master has brought three super experts to the Fifth Dimension to take my life. It was Master who raised the butcher's knife first.
If I say put down the butcher's knife and become a Buddha, it should be Master! "
The old monk stared at Ye Xuan without saying a word.
At this moment, Li Mian, who was not far away, hurriedly said, "Master, he is ruining your state of mind!"
The old monk nodded. "I know!"
Below, Ye Xuan smiled. "Ruining your state of mind, Master?
Great Master, ask yourself honestly, could it be that what I said was wrong? "
The old monk looked at Ye Xuan. "Young Master Ye, this old monk's state of mind is not something that can be ruined with just a few words."
Ye Xuan spread his hands. "Then Master should admit that you are here to snatch the study room. In Master's heart, the so-called interests surpass everything!"
The old monk looked at Ye Xuan and did not say a word.
In the sky, Li Mian frowned. Was there something wrong with this old monk?
Why did he have to talk about this with Ye Xuan!
Below, Old Li's voice suddenly sounded in Ye Xuan's mind. "Alliance Leader Ye, please delay for another 15 minutes!
After 15 minutes, the array can be activated at any time! "
15 minutes!
The corners of Ye Xuan's mouth twitched. Damn, this old monk was not easy to fool!
At this moment, the old monk suddenly smiled. "Young Master Ye, have you ever thought that if you hand over the study room, it will be an act of mercy? If you hand over the study room, my ancient temple and the Dao World will retreat. Many fewer people in the Fifth Dimension will die, right?"
Hand over the study room!
Ye Xuan looked at the old monk and said with a smile, "Why are you so outstanding, Master?
Even if you want to snatch something, you have to say that it is for the good of others! "
The old monk shook his head. "It looks like there is nothing more to be said between this old monk and Young Master Ye!"
With that said, he pressed his palms together and a powerful aura suddenly overflowed from his body.
Ye Xuan's eyelids twitched as he hurriedly said, "Master, I have one last thing to say!"
The old monk looked at Ye Xuan. "What?"
In the sky, the corners of Li Mian's mouth twitched. At this moment, he wanted to beat this old monk to death!
Are you too naive or too stupid?
It was obvious that Ye Xuan was stalling for time!
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Master, I heard that the prophet came from the ancient temple!"
The old monk nodded. "Yes!"
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "What did he do in the ancient temple?"
The old monk was about to speak when Li Mian suddenly said coldly, "Master, can't you tell that he is stalling for time?"
The old monk looked at Ye Xuan and did not say a word.
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Master, you know that I am stalling for time, right?"
The old monk nodded. "I know!"
Ye Xuan was a little puzzled. "Then why does Master want me to stall for time?"
The old monk pressed his palms together. "Because this old monk also needs some time!"
Upon hearing that, Ye Xuan narrowed his eyes. "Don't tell me that you are still calling for help!"
The old monk smiled. "Young Master Ye guessed correctly!"
With that said, two old men in red monk robes suddenly appeared in the space behind him.
The expressions of everyone in the surroundings changed when they saw these two people!
Both of them were at the upper Self Release Realm!
Even Li Mian and the old monk were shocked. There are so many experts in this ancient temple?
The old monk looked at Ye Xuan. "I presume that Young Master Ye has prepared his trump card.
Right? "
Smiling, Ye Xuan said, "Yes!"
The old monk pressed his palms together. "Then let us experience it!"
Ye Xuan turned around. Meanwhile, a voice resounded from below. "Activate the formation!"
The formation!
As soon as the voice resounded, the entire starry sky trembled violently. After that, an enormous formation appeared behind Ye Xuan, and it covered the entire starry sky!
On the other hand, Ye Xuan appeared at the core of the formation. He held the Executing Heaven Sword in his hand. Endless energy converged towards him from all around him. Besides that, there was also the energy of countless stars!
Fuck!
Upon seeing this, Li Mian and the other man's expressions immediately changed.
They'd experienced this formation in the past, and Ye Xuan's attack had almost killed them.
Moreover, the formation seemed to have grown even stronger!
The old monk gazed at Ye Xuan with a calm expression. No one knew what he was thinking.
Ye Xuan gazed at the old monk and smiled, "Master, didn't you want to spar?
We can spar now! "
As soon as he finished speaking, he didn't waste his breath and slashed with his sword!
Wasting his breath now would be a waste of time.
Sword light tore through the starry sky, and the world dimmed.
Needless to say, the might of Ye Xuan's attack was even stronger than Ah Jiu's attack from before!
Although Ah Jiu's sword was powerful, she was ultimately a human. As for Ye Xuan, he had gathered the power of the formation and the power of the stars. This slash was not something an ordinary Self Release Realm expert could block!
At this moment, the old monk suddenly took a step forward. With that step, a beam of Buddhist light suddenly appeared behind him. Immediately after, a huge golden Buddha statue appeared in the depths of the starry sky. The moment the golden Buddha statue appeared, a powerful pressure swept down from the depths of the starry sky like the sky was collapsing. At the same time, the old monk suddenly punched out.
The moment the old monk punched out, the Buddha statue behind him suddenly opened its eyes and punched out.
The power of the punch caused the starry sky to tremble!
Under everyone's gaze, the Buddha statue's punch landed on Ye Xuan's sword light. The sword light trembled violently and shattered, and the golden fist continued to descend.
At this moment, the array formation that Ye Xuan was in trembled violently, as if it could not withstand this power!
Within the array formation, Ye Xuan suddenly grinned. He took a step forward, and with each step, a domain appeared. Sword Domain!
After the Sword Domain appeared, it covered the entire array formation, stabilizing it. Immediately after, Ye Xuan took another step forward, and with this step, he stabbed out with his sword.
Using the Sword as Thought!
At this moment, he was thinking about the people behind him.
I, Ye Xuan, will protect this Five-Dimensional Universe!
Thought of Guardian!
With a stab of the sword, a beam of sword light soared into the sky. Under everyone's gaze, the beam of sword light slashed at the golden fist.
Boom!
The golden fist exploded, and the beam of sword light soared into the sky, slashing at the golden Buddha statue!
In the starry sky, the old monk put his palms together, and the Buddha statue behind him also put its palms together. In an instant, a golden light appeared before the beam of sword light. This golden light forcefully blocked Ye Xuan's sword light, but the sword light was suppressing it.
At this moment, Li Mian suddenly said, "Attack!"
The moment he said that, Mo Dao, who was beside him, suddenly opened his palm. The next moment, a small black bell appeared in his hand!
The Immortal Pavilion's supreme treasure, the Immortal Dao Bell!
The Immortal Dao Bell, the Immortal Pavilion's supreme treasure. When the bell rings, people die.
Mo Dao suddenly chanted an incantation. Soon, the Immortal Dao Bell in his hand trembled violently. Then, the sound of the bell echoed throughout the entire Five-Dimensional Universe.
The sound of the bell was deafening for countless people, and they bled from their orifices.
Below, within the array formation, Ye Xuan's expression changed greatly. Then, the space behind him suddenly split open, and a strange force slashed at him like a sharp sword, as fast as lightning!
At this moment, a woman suddenly appeared behind Ye Xuan.
The person who appeared was Zhang Wenxiu!
Seeing this, Ye Xuan was horrified, and his eyes almost popped out of their sockets. "Wenxiu, my body can block it. Quickly dodge, don't do anything stupid for me!"
Everyone knew that Ye Xuan might be able to block it, but even if he didn't die, he would be crippled.
Zhang Wenxiu tightly gripped the spear in his hand, not retreating even half a step!
Unafraid of death!
..





Chapter 1228
The Celestial Dao Bell!
This was the Celestial Pavilion's supreme treasure, and it was one of the top treasures in the entire Dao World.
In the ancient Dao World, there was a saying: when the bell rings, people die.
At this moment, a Self Release Realm expert activated the Celestial Dao Bell. Just how terrifying was its power?
This was not something that Zhang Wenxiu could block!
Ye Xuan was very clear about this, so he did not even think about withdrawing his sword. The moment he did so, the buddhist light in the sky broke through his sword light and swept down.
Withdrawing the sword!
Withdrawing the sword was withdrawing its aura. In an instant, Ye Xuan's aura was directly suppressed by the old monk and the golden buddha statue. However, Ye Xuan did not care about this!
Ye Xuan directly turned around and pulled Zhang Wenxiu behind him. At this moment, a mysterious power directly slashed his body.
Boom!
Ye Xuan and Zhang Wenxiu both retreated nearly 10,000 feet. After the two of them stopped, blood flowed out of the corner of Ye Xuan's mouth. Behind him, Zhang Wenxiu's face was pale without a trace of blood.
Although Ye Xuan had blocked most of the power, a small part of it still penetrated into her body.
Even a small portion of the power was difficult for her to block!
In the starry sky, Mo Dao frowned. "How is this possible …"
There was a trace of disbelief in his voice.
This was the Celestial Dao Bell!
Its power was enough to instantly kill a Self Release Realm expert!
And yet, Ye Xuan had blocked it!
Soon, he discovered something!
Ye Xuan had an armor!
Human Emperor Armor!
Below, Ye Xuan took a deep breath. This time, without the Human Emperor Armor, he would have died without a doubt. He found that his body could not block that bird bell.
Even though the Human Emperor Armor blocked most of the power, his body still suffered a certain degree of damage.
At this time, the golden light had arrived above his and Zhang Wenxiu's heads.
Ye Xuan turned to look at Zhang Wenxiu. "I don't want anyone else to die for me!"
Zhang Wenxiu stared at Ye Xuan. "We agreed to live and die together!"
Ye Xuan roared, "I'll die first. Before I die, you can't die. Do you understand?"
Zhang Wenxiu looked at Ye Xuan and said nothing.
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly raised his head and a trace of hostility flashed in his eyes. "Gather!"
As soon as he finished speaking, the matrix trembled violently. Boundless power instantly gathered around him, and in the next moment, he slashed with his sword.
The sword slashed at the golden light.
Boom!
The golden light instantly shattered, but at this moment, the old monk appeared in front of him out of nowhere. The old monk threw a punch. With this punch, the space in front of Ye Xuan caved in. At the same time, the matrix around him became illusory!
Below, Old Man Li stared at this scene and muttered, "Still not enough … still not enough …"
In the starry sky, Ye Xuan did not dodge the punch, nor could he stomp. Facing the old monk's punch, he could only take it head-on!
Ye Xuan stabbed with his sword. This sword went straight for the old monk's throat. However, the moment the sword stabbed out, he was directly suppressed by the old monk's punch, and the sword could not move forward.
Ye Xuan suddenly roared, and three Domains suddenly appeared!
Sword Domain, Blood Domain, and Death Domain!
As soon as the three Domains appeared, the old monk's calm face instantly turned solemn. In the next moment —
Boom!
Under everyone's gaze, the old monk was directly pushed back hundreds of feet by Ye Xuan's sword!
Three Domains!
In the starry sky, Li Mian and Old Li stared at Ye Xuan. What kind of monster was this?
He actually had three Domains!
Domain!
It was already extremely rare for an ordinary person to comprehend one Domain!
But this Ye Xuan actually comprehended three Domains!
What the hell was this?
Li Mian and Old Li's hearts were tumbling like a storm.
Opposite Ye Xuan, the old monk looked at Ye Xuan with a trace of shock in his eyes.
Three Domains!
There were not many people in the ancient temple, but there were many monstrous geniuses!
Over the years, he had seen many monstrous geniuses, but this Ye Xuan still surprised him.
It was worth mentioning that Ye Xuan did not use the matrix for that sword!
The old monk put his palms together and said softly, "Young Master Ye, you really surprised me!
In the beginning, I thought the most terrifying was the person behind Young Master Ye. Little did I know that Young Master Ye himself is also very terrifying!
If Young Master Ye reaches Self Release, I'm afraid no one here is a match for Young Master Ye! "
Li Mian and Mo Dao were silent.
Because they knew that the old monk was right. If Ye Xuan reached Self Release, no one here would be a match for Ye Xuan!
Ye Xuan did not speak. He looked around. Currently, the Fifth Dimension's side was not at a disadvantage. Moreover, Ah Jiu and Situ were already suppressing the two monks.
However, there were still two people behind the old monk who had not made a move!
It was the two monks dressed in red robes!
They were both at the upper Self Release realm!
If they made a move, the situation would instantly change!
What were they going to do?
Ye Xuan was silent.
At this time, Zhang Wenxiu appeared beside Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan grabbed Zhang Wenxiu's hand and said softly, "Promise me, before I die, you are not allowed to die!"
He was really afraid, afraid that someone would die for him, Ye Xuan!
The dead were dead, but the living would live in guilt for the rest of their lives.
Zhang Wenxiu looked at Ye Xuan and did not speak.
At this time, the old monk suddenly said, "Attack!"
After saying that, the two monks behind him disappeared on the spot.
Clearly, he was very clear that it would be difficult for him to kill Ye Xuan alone, and Li Mian and Mo Dao had to guard against the Tendo of the Fifth Dimension. Therefore, if they wanted to quickly kill Ye Xuan, they could only gang up on him!
Seeing the three rushing over, Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes. "Wenxiu, retreat!"
Zhang Wenxiu glanced at Ye Xuan, did not speak, and retreated.
On the other side, a woman watched the scene in front of her quietly.
It was Qian Mo!
However, she had no intention of making a move.
Below, Ye Xuan lifted his head and looked at the old monk and the other two who were charging at him. He said with a smile, "They really think highly of me!"
With that, he opened his palm, and the Executing Heaven Sword disappeared. Then, an illusory Xiao Ta appeared between his brows.
Prison Pagoda!
The moment the Prison Pagoda appeared, the old monk's expression changed, and he instinctively slowed down!
At this time, a voice suddenly resounded in Ye Xuan's mind, "Return!"
In an instant, all the Dao Laws returned, and then the Prison Pagoda above Ye Xuan's head lit up!
Nine different colors of light!
Seeing this, the old monk's expression changed, "Retreat!"
Right at this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly roared furiously, "Imprison!"
As soon as he finished speaking, two blood-red words "prisoner" suddenly appeared above the heads of the two red-clothed monks who had rushed up to Ye Xuan. As soon as the two words appeared, two mysterious forces locked the two red-clothed monks!
Their expressions changed drastically, and they wanted to resist. However, they noticed to their astonishment that the two forces had sealed their cultivations!
Two!
They exchanged glances, clenched their right hands into fists, and then smashed forward!
Their bodies were forcefully broken!
However, the two blood red 'imprison' characters still locked onto them. At this moment, both of them were horrified. What sort of force could actually seal their cultivations!?
After all, both of them were at the high Self Release Realm!
At this moment, the old monk in the distance suddenly attacked. In the starry sky behind him, a huge golden Buddha suddenly punched out. With a punch, a 10,000-meter-long fist mark swooped down from the starry sky. The powerful fist force shook the starry sky.
And at this moment, Ye Xuan, who was below, suddenly raised his head, and a trace of hostility flashed in his eyes. Within the Prison Pagoda, a dazzling beam of light suddenly erupted from the first level. This beam of light directly shot up into the sky, and the moment the fist came into contact with this beam of light, it vanished into thin air. Immediately after, the beam of light directly blasted the golden Buddha statue in the starry sky.
Bang!
The golden Buddha statue disappeared without a trace!
It was directly obliterated!
The old monk's eyes were filled with disbelief when he witnessed this scene.
What sort of force is that?
Li Mian and Mo Dao had disbelief on their faces as well!
They'd sensed the aura of death from that ray of light just now!
What's that Xiao Ta?
Both of them stared fixedly at the Xiao Ta above Ye Xuan!
At this moment, the old monk suddenly looked in front of Ye Xuan. At this moment, the bodies of the two red-robed monks were growing more and more illusory!
Both of them were imprisoned within them and couldn't move at all.
The two red-robed monks exchanged glances, and then they sat down cross-legged on the ground, pressed their palms together, and began to silently chant scriptures.
They didn't resist!
Because it was useless!
The two "Prisoner" characters above their heads contained a Great Dao that far surpassed the two of them. The two of them could not break through it at all, especially when their cultivations were sealed!
They were waiting for death!
Both of them were very calm in the face of death.
Ye Xuan gazed at the two monks in front of him. At this moment, his expression was unsightly because he'd consumed too much energy!
After the Dao Laws of the Prison Pagoda were activated, its might was tremendous, but it consumed a great deal of energy as well. At this moment, he felt something within his body rapidly flowing away.
"Lifespan!"
Meanwhile, Big Sister's voice resounded in Ye Xuan's mind, "Your lifespan is rapidly decreasing, so it's best that you stop. Otherwise, you'll die in an hour at most!"
An hour!
Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes and smiled bitterly.
There was a powerful godly item that had gathered all the Dao Laws with great difficulty, but he had to pay the price with his lifespan!
Wasn't it too tragic for him?
Without much thought, Ye Xuan waved his right hand, and the two red-robed monks were directly sent into the Prison Pagoda by Ye Xuan.
Although the two monks were extremely powerful, he was still at ease with Big Sister suppressing them together.
And he hurriedly put away the Prison Pagoda. This really consumed too much energy!
Not only did it consume his lifespan, but it also consumed his mental strength and soul power. As for his Xuan Qi, there was no need to even mention it. In that short period of time, it had almost drained all of his Xuan Qi!
Ye Xuan looked at the old monk in the distance, "Come, continue!"
Right now, he wanted to rest!
However, he couldn't show weakness. Once he showed weakness, the other party would definitely not let it go.
The old monk looked at Ye Xuan for a moment, then opened his palm, "Come!"
As his voice fell, in the distant ancient temple, a black light suddenly shot into the sky. The next moment, that black light directly passed through the barrier of the universe and flew towards the starry sky of the Fifth Dimension …
Below, Big Sister's voice suddenly resounded in Ye Xuan's mind, "A godly item has descended into the Fifth Dimension!"
....
PS: Thank you to those who voted recently!
Thank you everyone for your support!





Chapter 1229
A divine object descending into the Fifth Dimension!
Ye Xuan frowned!
Clearly, the old monk saw that he was in a weak state and did not want to give up!
This was a bit troublesome!
Ye Xuan asked in his heart, "Big sister, can I still use the Prison Pagoda?"
Big sister said, "Yes!
However, I'm afraid your lifespan is about to run out.
Therefore, I don't recommend you use the Prison Pagoda again. "
Ye Xuan was silent.
If he did not use the Prison Pagoda, how could he fight against the ancient temple and the Dao Realm?
Now, he had to stop the old monk and the divine object that was about to arrive. Otherwise, everyone would die!
Perhaps the ancient temple would not slaughter the experts of the Fifth Dimension, but the Dao Realm would!
He could never place his hopes on the mercy of the enemy!
Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes!
This time, no one would help him!
He had to rely on himself!
Below, Guan Yin and Wen Xiu looked at Ye Xuan.
They knew that if Ye Xuan could not withstand this, the Fifth Dimension would instantly collapse. Then, the entire Fifth Dimension would either be slaughtered or enslaved!
This battle was related to the fate of the Fifth Dimension!
If he lost, there was no need to wait for the Fifth Dimension Calamity!
At this moment, the space above everyone's head suddenly split open. Then, a long blade appeared in everyone's line of sight.
As soon as the saber appeared, the space it passed through turned into nothingness, before turning into a deathly stillness …
At this moment, a voice suddenly sounded in Ye Xuan's mind, "Buddhist Commandment Blade!
This is one of the three great treasures of the ancient temple. This blade is blessed by the Buddhist dharma of the ancient temple's senior monks. It naturally restrains evil and evil spirits. In addition, this blade has the power of reincarnation. Once you are hit by it, you will immediately enter the reincarnation hell, never to be reincarnated.
The power of this object is even above that of the Tendo Bell. "
This was big sister's voice!
Ye Xuan was somewhat puzzled, "Big sister, why do you know so much about the ancient temple's treasures?"
Big sister was silent for a moment, then said, "Have you forgotten where Teacher came from?"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan understood.
Back then, Mister had come out of the ancient temple!
Ye Xuan looked at the old monk. The old monk opened his palm and the Buddhist Commandment Blade fell into his hand. The moment he held the blade, the old monk's aura suddenly changed!
Previously, the old monk's aura was gentle, but now …
The old monk's aura turned into an oppressive one. Furthermore, there was a hint of malice within the oppressive aura!
Danger!
This was what Ye Xuan was feeling at the moment!
This old monk was an upper Self Release Realm expert to begin with. Now that he obtained such a divine item, he was like a tiger that had grown wings.
How could he block it?
Ye Xuan took a deep breath and walked towards the old monk.
In fact, his best choice now was to temporarily avoid the brunt of the attack!
However, he could not retreat!
Once he retreated, everyone present would die!
Of course, he still had another choice, and that was to hand over the study!
However, if he were to hand over the study room just like that to save his life, it would be better to die than to exchange that method for survival!
As long as one was alive, one had to fight for something!
Thus, Ye Xuan chose to fight!
Ye Xuan walked towards the old monk. He walked very slowly, and in his hand was the Executing Heaven Sword!
The Executing Heaven Sword wasn't his sword, but now, it had actually fused perfectly with him. As if it had sensed its master's fighting spirit, the Executing Heaven Sword suddenly trembled violently, and numerous sword hums shook the starry sky.
In the starry sky, Li Mian and the other two stared fixedly at Ye Xuan. They still hadn't attacked. Their mission was very simple, and that was to stop the Fifth Dimension Tendo that might attack!
As for the Fifth Dimension Tendo, he wasn't in the Fifth Dimension at all!
In the starry sky of the Dao World, Mu Niannian was walking slowly with a fish in her hand.
Along the way, a voice rang out from beside her. "He should be in danger now!"
Mu Niannian didn't speak.
The voice spoke again. "Are you really not going to help?"
Mu Niannian suddenly stopped and said softly, "I don't have much time left!
In my limited time, what I can do is not to help him defeat his opponents, but to let him have the strength to face any difficulties.
What he needs is to grow! "
After saying that, she walked into the distance.
The voice suddenly asked, "You don't have much time left?
What do you mean? "
Mu Niannian smiled. "Nothing!"
The voice said, "What are you hiding from me?"
Mu Niannian chuckled and didn't speak. Soon, she disappeared into the depths of the starry sky …
...
In the Fifth Dimension.
Ye Xuan was still walking slowly towards the old monk. At this moment, he was actually very weak, and he couldn't even hide his weakness!
The old monk looked at Ye Xuan in front of him. He didn't speak anymore and swung his saber!
One saber!
Just one saber, and everyone's expression changed!
That saber slashed out, and a dark gray saber aura cut through the starry sky, heading straight for Ye Xuan.
Wherever the dark gray saber aura passed, space turned into nothingness, spiritual energy collapsed, and everything returned to its origin.
This saber directly injured the origin of the Fifth Dimension!
Seeing this saber, Zhang Wenxiu's expression changed drastically. She directly rushed towards Ye Xuan. She knew that the current Ye Xuan couldn't block this saber.
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Miss Guan, stop her!"
As soon as he said that, Guan Yin directly blocked in front of Zhang Wenxiu.
Guan Yin looked at Zhang Wenxiu. "Believe in him!"
Believe in him!
Zhang Wenxiu clenched her fists and stared at Ye Xuan in the distance.
At this moment, she suddenly realized that she really cared about this man in front of her!
When did this start?
Zhang Wenxiu was somewhat at a loss.
In the distance, Ye Xuan looked at the saber aura coming towards him. He knew that this time, he could only take it on himself!
No one could help him!
He could only rely on himself!
Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes. At this time, the saber aura was already several dozen zhang in front of him.
Ye Xuan suddenly opened his eyes.
Boom!
A blood-red light shot out from his body and into the sky. In an instant, the entire sky was directly dyed blood red!
Seeing this scene, Li Mian and Mo Dao looked at each other, a trace of shock in their eyes!
What kind of bloodline power was this?
It was actually so powerful!
Mo Dao suddenly said in a low voice, "This bloodline is even stronger than the demonic path bloodline and the Emperor bloodline!"
Li Mian nodded. He stared at Ye Xuan below, "This person's background is extraordinary!
I'm afraid there's someone behind him! "
Generally, people with powerful bloodlines would definitely have someone behind them!
The moment Ye Xuan activated his bloodline, the Executing Heaven Sword in his hand instantly turned into a blood-red sword.
The sword changed according to its master!
Meanwhile, the saber aura had arrived in front of Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan took a step forward, and a sea of blood appeared beneath his foot!
Ye Xuan slashed with his sword!
Bang!
An expanse of blood red light exploded apart. The saber aura was forcefully blocked by Ye Xuan's sword. However, Ye Xuan's figure trembled violently within the sea of blood. Because he'd merely blocked the saber aura, he hadn't destroyed it!
Suddenly, the old monk swung his saber once more!
This attack was even stronger than the previous one!
A wisp of viciousness flashed through Ye Xuan's eyes, and then he suddenly roared furiously. The Blood Domain appeared, and it was unprecedentedly strong after he activated his bloodline!
Ye Xuan slashed once more!
This attack contained a single thought!
He slashed with his sword.
Bang!
The saber aura in front of Ye Xuan was instantly slashed into pieces. However, another saber aura tore through the air and arrived before him. Ye Xuan swung his sword horizontally, and a blood red ray of light shot forward.
Bang!
Ye Xuan instantly retreated almost 3km away. As soon as he stopped moving, the sound of a bell suddenly resounded in the starry sky above him!
The Tendo Bell!
Mo Dao had attacked again!
The strength that Ye Xuan had demonstrated scared the two of them!
Such a monstrous genius had to be eliminated right now, otherwise, he would definitely bring calamity to them in the future.
At the instant that the bell resounded, the space above Ye Xuan had split apart, and then a strange force tore through space and slashed at Ye Xuan!
Ye Xuan raised his sword and stabbed forward, and a ray of blood red light flickered on the tip of his sword.
Bang!
In an instant, a ray of blood red light erupted. Ye Xuan retreated another 3km, but before he could stop, the old monk suddenly appeared in front of him. The old monk silently recited a scripture, and then he swung his saber down. At the instant that the saber was swung, a strange force flickered on the blade.
The power of Samsara!
Ye Xuan blocked it with his sword.
Bang!
A ray of blood red light rippled around Ye Xuan as Ye Xuan retreated explosively. As he retreated, the old monk appeared in front of him once more, and he slashed down with his saber once more!
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly stomped his right foot.
Three Domains suddenly appeared. At the instant that they appeared, the old monk was directly suppressed, and Ye Xuan stabbed forward with his sword. At this moment, Ye Xuan's sword was faster than the old monk's saber!
Ye Xuan's sword was aimed at the old monk's throat, and the old monk's saber was slashing towards Ye Xuan's head.
It was an internecine situation!
The old monk did not retract his saber, and Ye Xuan did not retract his sword!
Bang!
Bang!
As two earth-shattering explosions rang out, the old monk and Ye Xuan retreated frantically. The two of them retreated for a good ten thousand feet.
The moment Ye Xuan stopped, a cracking sound came from his body!
Human King Armor!
The Human King Armor that the old blacksmith had forged for him had cracked!
Not only that, but a mysterious force was corroding the Human King Armor, and it was disappearing at a visible speed.
The power of Samsara!
The Human King Armor actually could not block the power of Samsara!
In the distance, a golden kasaya had appeared on the old monk's body. It was this golden kasaya that had blocked Ye Xuan's sword!
The old monk looked at Ye Xuan in the distance. He put his palms together and said softly, "Young Master Ye, you have given me too many surprises!"
He really did not expect that Ye Xuan could rely on his own strength to fight him to this point. One had to know that he was several realms higher than Ye Xuan!
Most importantly, he was holding the Buddhist Commandment Saber just now!
It could be said that with the Buddhist Commandment Saber, there were few who could match him in the same realm!
But this Ye Xuan was actually on par with him just now!
He knew that it was because of Ye Xuan's bloodline!
He was shocked by this bloodline!
What bloodline was this?
It was actually so strong!
Without thinking much, the old monk suddenly walked towards Ye Xuan with the saber in hand. He walked very quickly, and a powerful aura swept across the field!
This time, there was nothing that could block Ye Xuan's Buddhist Commandment Saber!
This saber would definitely kill Ye Xuan!
Soon, the saber's momentum was like a flood, sweeping the surroundings, and the starry sky trembled …
..





Chapter 1230
It was obvious that the old monk wanted to end Ye Xuan with a single slash!
The strength that Ye Xuan displayed was simply too terrifying.
Even the old monk was fearful!
Ye Xuan was able to block that slash earlier because of Ye Xuan's armor. But now, Ye Xuan didn't have any armor!
The old monk was confident in this slash!
At that moment, the Executing Heaven Sword in Ye Xuan's hand suddenly turned into a blood red sword!
The sword left behind by the man in green!
Sword Spirit!
The Sword Spirit suddenly transformed into a beam of blood red light that entered the space between Ye Xuan's brows.
Bang!
In an instant, the last bit of rationality in Ye Xuan's eyes vanished.
He had gone completely mad!
Bang!
A monstrous bloodline aura shot into the sky and shook the starry sky!
There was a world of difference between half-mad and completely mad!
After going completely mad, Ye Xuan's aura and strength skyrocketed. A powerful aura of malevolence and killing intent swept towards the surroundings. In an instant, the entire starry sky was filled with killing intent and malevolence.
At that moment, Ye Xuan slashed down with his sword!
His sword collided with the old monk's saber.
Bang!
Under everyone's gazes, the old monk instantly retreated 3km!
The blood red sword light didn't disperse. It was still on the saber. At that moment, a mysterious force suddenly appeared on the saber.
The power of Buddhism!
It could purify the murderous aura and malevolence!
But at that moment, the saber was actually unable to purify the murderous aura and malevolence on the sword energy!
It was the murderous aura and malevolence that came from the bloodline!
The old monk held the saber with both hands and resisted Ye Xuan's blood red sword energy. Ye Xuan was about to attack when the sound of a bell resounded in the distant sky.
Tendo bell!
Mo Dao had attacked again!
Ye Xuan suddenly turned around and slashed down with his sword!
Hiss!
In front of him, the strange power was directly shattered by his sword!
Mo Dao and Li Mian's expressions changed when they saw that.
Ye Xuan has become so strong?
Suddenly, Li Mian said, "It's that sword!"
Mo Dao looked at the sword in Ye Xuan's hand. This sword was even stronger than the Executing Heaven Sword!
Where did Ye Xuan get so many divine objects?
Below, Ye Xuan walked towards the old monk. With every step he took, a bloody light would appear beneath his feet. It was true that every step he took was bloody.
Far away, the old monk looked at Ye Xuan with a grim expression.
Because at that moment, not only did his Buddhist Commandment Blade fail to purify Ye Xuan's killing intent and hostility, but it was almost eroded by Ye Xuan's killing intent and hostility.
What kind of bloodline power was this?
The old monk was even more puzzled!
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly disappeared.
Chi!
A blood-red sword light tore through the battlefield!
The old monk narrowed his eyes and slashed down. Golden light flashed on the Buddhist Commandment Blade. As soon as the blade fell, a blood-colored Sword Qi tore through the air!
Bang!
The blood-red light and golden light exploded. The old monk instantly retreated hundreds of meters, while Ye Xuan retreated hundreds of meters. However, the old monk's expression grew even more solemn!
Because he realized that Ye Xuan's aura was skyrocketing!
Ye Xuan was growing stronger and stronger!
Most importantly, Ye Xuan's body possessed extremely powerful healing abilities!
Ye Xuan had a huge advantage in a battle of attrition!
The old monk looked up at Li Mian and Mo Dao, "Please use your trump cards if you have any."
Li Mian and Mo Dao fell silent.
In the battlefield, their people had been blocked by Ye Xuan's people.
Although the two of them hadn't made a move yet, their goal was to resist the Fifth Dimension's Heavenly Dao!
At this moment, the old monk suddenly said, "If the three of us join forces and can kill him, then that's naturally good. If not, then we'll retreat!"
Li Mian and Mo Dao exchanged glances and nodded.
At this moment, they naturally wouldn't play any tricks. Because at this moment, the death of the old monk from the ancient temple wouldn't benefit them at all!
Right now, Ye Xuan's threat was even greater!
The old monk suddenly charged out with his blade. Around him, rays of golden light surged into his blade.
Seeing the old monk attack, Li Mian and Mo Dao didn't hesitate anymore and immediately charged towards Ye Xuan!
Three against one!
Although Ye Xuan had the support of his bloodline and the sword spirit, he definitely couldn't defeat the three people in front of him.
In fact, the moment Ye Xuan went completely mad, he had already lost half of the battle!
Completely mad meant that he had lost his rationality. If no one suppressed him, the greatest threat to the Fifth Dimension would be him, Ye Xuan!
Unfortunately, the old monk and the others didn't know this!
Otherwise, they would immediately leave!
In the starry sky, the three super strong people dashed towards Ye Xuan. The space where Ye Xuan was was directly crushed by the three strong energies and became illusory.
Right at this moment, a woman suddenly appeared before Li Mian and Mo Dao.
It was Qian Mo!
Li Mian and Mo Dao were slightly stunned when they saw this woman. It didn't take long for Li Mian to say, "Stop her!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he charged downwards.
As for Mo Dao, he charged towards Qian Mo!
Qian Mo didn't stop Li Mian. With her current strength, she could only stop a Self Release Realm expert!
It didn't take long for the old monk and Li Mian to arrive in front of Ye Xuan. Suddenly, an illusory Xiao Ta appeared between Ye Xuan's brows.
The old monk and Li Mian's expressions changed drastically when they saw this illusory pagoda, and they didn't hesitate to turn around and retreat. This retreat caused them to retreat over 10km away!
Xiao Ta!
Just now, Xiao Ta instantly killed two upper Self Release Realm experts!
Not to mention Li Mian, even the old monk was extremely shocked. He was extremely fearful of Ye Xuan's Xiao Ta!
Because he wasn't confident that he could stop Xiao Ta!
For a time, the old monk and Li Mian didn't dare move!
On the other hand, Ye Xuan didn't stop. He didn't charge towards the old monk, and he charged towards the monk who was being suppressed by Wine instead.
Actually, the monk wasn't a match for Wine anymore!
However, it was difficult for Wine to kill him as well!
But now that Ye Xuan had joined the battle, the situation had changed!
The monk suddenly turned around, and a blood red ray of sword light slashed over!
The monk's pupils constricted slightly. He pressed his palms together, and a ray of golden light surged out from within him. However, the ray of golden light had just come into contact with Ye Xuan's sword light and instantly dispersed.
Bang!
The monk was pushed back, but right at this moment, another ray of sword light appeared behind him!
Wine!
The monk's expression changed drastically, and he suddenly turned around and slapped out with his palm.
Bang!
His palm forcefully blocked Ah Jiu's sword, but at this moment, a sword suddenly pierced through the back of his neck!
Chi!
The monk's eyes opened wide, and then his body gradually dissipated!
Seeing the monk being killed by Ye Xuan, the old monk's expression instantly turned gloomy. He stared fixedly at Ye Xuan. He suddenly realized that even if the Fifth Dimension Tendo didn't attack, Ye Xuan didn't seem to be easy to kill!
Opposite Ye Xuan, Wine was also looking at Ye Xuan. Her eyes were filled with vigilance because she sensed killing intent from Ye Xuan!
The current Ye Xuan didn't look normal at first glance!
Wine looked at Ye Xuan, "Little Junior Brother, you wouldn't be thinking of hitting me, right?"
Ye Xuan was just about to attack when the blood red sword in his hand suddenly trembled. In the next moment, Ye Xuan turned around and charged towards the monk in the distance.
Wine was slightly stunned when she saw this scene, and then she said softly, "The sword is guiding …"
The old monk noticed this as well!
In the beginning, he was rather happy when he saw Ye Xuan attack Wine because it seemed like Ye Xuan's mind wasn't normal and he couldn't distinguish between friend and foe. However, when Ye Xuan turned around to kill another monk, he was stunned!
The sword is guiding!
Although Ye Xuan didn't have a mind, the sword in his hand did!
The sword was guiding Ye Xuan!
Motherfucker …
The old monk suddenly said, "Retreat!"
Retreat!
When he heard the old monk, the monk in the distance didn't hesitate at all. He turned around and vanished into the starry sky.
Situ was slightly stunned. He fled a little too quickly!
The old monk took a deep and long glance at Ye Xuan, and then he turned around and left.
He knew that he couldn't do anything to Ye Xuan now!
An expert at the upper Self Release Realm could suppress Ye Xuan, but he couldn't kill Ye Xuan and might even lose to Ye Xuan who had gone completely mad.
Li Mian and Situ Yin immediately retreated when they saw the old monk and the others leave!
It didn't take long for the experts of the ancient temple and the Dao World to leave.
Guan Yin and the others instantly heaved sighs of relief when they saw this scene, but it didn't take long for them to look at Ye Xuan!
What about Ye Xuan?
Can he recover his mind?
Everyone was looking at Ye Xuan!
Ye Xuan stood in the starry sky with a sword in his right hand while his body trembled incessantly. Boundless evil energy and killing intent were still around him!
His aura was still rising madly!
It seemed like it was endless, and it was extremely shocking!
Actually, there was a serious problem, and it was that his aura was rising too quickly, and his body was slightly unable to endure it!
After all, his body was already heavily injured when he forcefully utilized the Pagoda of Prison earlier. Now, his bloodline energy was rising madly, and his body was actually unable to endure it.
The most important problem was that no one here could suppress his bloodline!
There was once someone who could, and it was the Fifth Dimension Tendo!
But now, the Fifth Dimension Tendo wasn't here!
Meanwhile, Zhang Wenxiu was about to go over, but he was stopped by A'jiu.
A'jiu shook her head, "It's dangerous!"
Ye Xuan was in an extremely dangerous state right now, and he might attack anyone who approached him.
Zhang Wenxiu gazed at A'jiu, "Can you suppress his bloodline?"
A'jiu shook her head, "No!"
The bloodline energy within Ye Xuan was truly too formidable!
Only someone who was much stronger than Ye Xuan could possibly suppress the bloodline energy within Ye Xuan's body!
Zhang Wenxiu gazed at Ye Xuan from afar, and her eyes were filled with worry.
A'jiu looked at the sword in Ye Xuan's hand, "Sir, can you suppress his bloodline?"
The reason why Ye Xuan had gone completely mad was because of this sword!
The sword trembled slightly, as though it was replying.
A'jiu frowned slightly.
The sword's reply was...
Yes, she could not suppress Ye Xuan's bloodline, but she could make Ye Xuan's bloodline even crazier!
A'jiu gulped down a mouthful of wine, and then said, "What sword … I submit!"
At the side, Qian Mo looked at Ye Xuan, and slowly clenched her fists.
Right now, Ye Xuan's bloodline energy was at its strongest, and if she were to dual cultivate with him now …
....
PS: Brothers, do you have any good movies to recommend?
Leave them, and I will look through them one by one, and then reply.





Chapter 1231
At that moment, Qian Mo suddenly appeared in front of Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan subconsciously wanted to attack, but he was affected by the Sword Spirit.
Qian Mo grabbed Ye Xuan's shoulder with her right hand. In the next moment, she and Ye Xuan disappeared from the scene.
The expressions of Zhang Wenxiu, An Lanxiu, and the others instantly changed, and they were about to pursue her when A 'Jiu said abruptly, "She won't harm her, and we can't harm her!"
The current Ye Xuan wasn't someone Qian Mo could fight against. If Qian Mo harbored evil thoughts towards Ye Xuan, that sword would protect Ye Xuan!
As long as that sword didn't affect Ye Xuan, two Qian Mo's wouldn't be able to do anything to Ye Xuan!
Meanwhile, Guan Yin suddenly appeared before Elder Li. Elder Li remained silent.
Guan Yin looked at Elder Li. "Strengthen the array formation at all costs!"
Elder Li nodded. "Understood."
The array from before was very powerful. However, it was still not enough against a super expert like the old monk!
If not for Ye Xuan having the World Prison Pagoda, the Fifth Dimension would have already been defeated!
Elder Li turned around and left!
He had already seen the flaws in the array formation!
What he needed to do now was to strengthen the formation at all costs!
Because Ye Xuan was strong enough!
There was no need to worry about whether Ye Xuan could withstand it or not. What they had to worry about now was whether the formation was strong enough!
Guan Yin looked at the half-step Self Release Realm experts around him. Just now, when the twenty-eight half-step Self Release Realm experts were fighting against the Self Release Realm experts, these twenty-eight people had actually suppressed their opponents.
From this, it could be seen that the difference between half-step Escape One and upper Escape One was not especially big!
Of course, she was very clearly aware that that was only when facing an ordinary Self Release Realm expert. If she faced someone like the old monk, then she would absolutely not be a match!
However, after this battle, those half-step Self Release Realm powerhouses' gains were not small!
It was worth mentioning that in this battle, Guan Yin still did not send the Sword Sect's Swordsman to fight!
This was a sword hidden in the Fifth Dimension!
It had to be used at a critical moment!
Guan Yin turned around and left.
She now realized that the overall level of the Fifth Dimension was still not good enough. She still had to speed up!
In the battlefield, Ah Jiu looked into the depths of the starry sky and drank. No one knew what she was thinking.
At this moment, Situ walked to her side and asked, "What do you think?"
Ah Jiu shook her head. "It's not a true Self Release!"
Situ nodded. "Indeed!"
The Banished Immortal Island was no ordinary place. An invincible Super Swordsman once lived there!
As the successor of that person, the two of them were much more knowledgeable than ordinary people!
Ah Jiu continued, "Looks like the Sixth Dimension and the Dao World aren't the limit!"
Situ looked at Ah Jiu and did not speak.
Wine suddenly turned to look at Aro in the distance. "You're still missing one thing."
Situ also looked at Aro. It could be said that apart from the two of them, Aro's strength was the most terrifying.
Aro looked at Ah Jiu, who said, "Follow me!"
With that, she turned around and left.
Aro did not reject. She followed.
Her talent and strength were top notch, but most of the time, talent alone was not enough. She also needed a bit of luck!
Situ suddenly pointed at Seven in the distance.
Ah Jiu looked at Seven and shook her head. "I can't!"
Seven!
In terms of talent, no one here could compare to Seven!
She was a true monster!
Her current sword path attainments were actually not lower than Ah Jiu's, but her realm was a little weaker!
One could say that if Seven reached half a step Self Release, even Ah Jiu might not be able to beat her!
Seven looked at Ah Jiu and Aro and did not say a word.
Below, An Lanxiu and Zhang Wenxiu did not leave. The two of them were still worried about Ye Xuan.
Seven suddenly said, "That sword is very strong!"
The two of them looked at Seven and she said softly, "That woman can't hurt him, don't worry!"
With that, she turned around and left.
As a Swordsman, she could feel how strong the sword in Ye Xuan's hand was.
An Lanxiu and Zhang Wenxiu looked at each other and then the two of them turned around and left.
The starry sky regained its calm.
...
In front of the Fifth Dimension's barrier, a woman also turned around and left.
This person was Wen Zhaoruo.
She had always been paying attention to the Fifth Dimension, the Dao World, and the ancient temple!
She was very shocked. First, she did not expect the ancient temple to be so strong that they could easily send out so many Self Release experts. Second, she did not expect that Ye Xuan could actually block the alliance of the Dao World and the Fifth Dimension!
Ye Xuan was very strong, and the Fifth Dimension was not as weak as she thought. The ancient temple was even stronger, stronger than she expected!
The current Sixth Dimension also needed to change!
At least, it needed to become more united!
On this day, Wen Zhaoruo's heart was heavy.
Because she felt pressure!
...
The old monk brought a monk back to the foot of the sacred mountain. This time, the ancient temple could be said to have suffered heavy losses. They lost three super experts, two of whom were at the upper Self Release Realm!
Did they underestimate Ye Xuan?
No!
This time, they really did not underestimate Ye Xuan. The ancient temple sent so many experts down at once, and they even joined forces with the Dao World. In terms of lineup, it could be said that they completely crushed the Fifth Dimension!
Moreover, he used the Buddhist Commandment Blade!
However, they were defeated!
Moreover, they were defeated miserably!
At this time, a white-robed monk suddenly appeared in front of the two of them.
Seeing this white-robed monk, the two of them hurriedly bowed respectfully. "Governor Elder."
The Governor Elder said softly, "Didn't that Miss Mu make a move?"
The old monk shook his head. "Not yet!"
The Governor Elder said softly, "Then it seems that we have underestimated this young benefactor Ye Xuan."
The old monk looked at the Governor Elder. "Governor Elder, this Ye Xuan's bloodline is extremely strange. Even the Buddhist Commandment Blade can't do anything to it."
The Governor Elder said, "There is only one explanation. This bloodline ancestor's cultivation is above the previous elders. Their Dharma cultivation is inferior to the bloodline origin. Of course, this is also because this Ye Xuan's bloodline awakened to a deep enough degree that the Buddhist Commandment Blade can't purify it."
The old monk frowned slightly. "This ancestor Ye Xuan?"
The Governor Elder's right hand gently turned the prayer beads in his hand. "It seems that we still know too little about this Young Master Ye!
The karma of his body is far from being a prophet … Both of you rest well. I will personally go and understand. "
The old monk was a little surprised. "Governor Elder, are you going down the mountain?"
The Governor Elder said with a smile. "After cultivating for so many years, I also want to go out and see the scenery.
Reading ten thousand books is not as good as walking ten thousand miles. Just take it as a stroll and relax! "
The old monk and the other monk put their palms together and chanted the name of Buddha.
The Governor Elder smiled and walked down the mountain. After a while, he disappeared at the foot of the mountain.
After a long silence, the old monk and the other monk also disappeared at the end of the Xiao Dao.
In fact, the ancient temple had a rule. It did not care about the matters at the foot of the mountain.
Therefore, the people of the world knew very little about the ancient temple.
However, this time, the ancient temple had to care because the Dao Scripture and Buddhist Scripture were very important to the ancient temple.
...
Dao World.
On the way back to the Dao World, Li Mian and Mo Dao's expressions were extremely grave.
They did not expect that they would lose this time after joining hands with the Dao World!
Moreover, the Fifth Dimension Tendo did not make a move from the beginning to the end!
At this time, Mo Dao suddenly said, "We have to find out the power of Ye Xuan's bloodline and that Xiao Ta!"
Li Mian nodded.
Ye Xuan's greatest threat to them was the power of bloodline and that Xiao Ta. These two were really too great a threat to them!
That Xiao Ta directly killed two Self Release Tier elites, and that power of bloodline … After Ye Xuan activated the power of bloodline, it was like he had changed into a different person. He could completely face an upper level Self Release Tier elite head-on!
Moreover, this upper level Self Release Tier elite was holding a super Divine Tool!
This was practically like cheating!
Too freakish!
Mo Dao sighed in a low voice. "This person must not be left alive. Otherwise, our Dao World will be in danger in the future!"
Li Mian nodded, deeply agreeing!
What cultivation level was Ye Xuan now?
Just the Shattering Void Tier!
If Ye Xuan reached the Self Release Tier, with his terrifying power of bloodline and a pile of terrifying Divine Equipment, who in the Dao World could stop him?
This kind of person could really threaten the Dao World!
Li Mian suddenly said, "No matter what, we have to make the Pope pay attention to Ye Xuan this time. We can't treat Ye Xuan with any contempt or carelessness. Otherwise, our Dao World will pay a terrible price in the future!"
Mo Dao nodded.
This time, the Dao World's losses were smaller than the ancient temple's, but next time might not be the same!
Especially a monster like Ye Xuan. If Ye Xuan was given more time, the consequences would be simply unimaginable!
Now, the two of them were most worried that the Pope and the others still did not know how terrifying Ye Xuan was!
It wasn't just Ye Xuan, the overall strength of the Fifth Dimension was not as weak as the Dao World thought.
There were a few people in the Fifth Dimension that could actually fight a Self Release Tier elite elite elite!
This was extremely terrifying!
Soon, Mo Dao and the others quickened their pace.
....
Qian Mo brought Ye Xuan to the ice mountain where they had first met. She turned to look at Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan's entire body was blood-red, and his body emitted an extremely powerful hostility and killing intent.
Ye Xuan's eyes were like a sea of blood, extremely frightening.
Qian Mo waved her right hand, and the World Prison Pagoda in Ye Xuan's body appeared in her hand. She covered the World Prison Pagoda with her right hand and sealed it. Then, she looked at Ye Xuan.
At this moment, Ye Xuan's power of bloodline was completely stimulated. If they dual cultivated at this time, she would obtain great benefits.
Qian Mo looked at Ye Xuan for a long time. After a long time, she said, "Doing it once or ten times is the same. What's the difference?"
After saying that, she waved her right hand, and Ye Xuan's clothes instantly turned to ashes. Ye Xuan was about to make a move, but the sword in his hand trembled.
The Sword Spirit couldn't make him sober, but she could affect Ye Xuan because she had the same attribute as Ye Xuan!
Of course, there was another more important reason, and that was that she wasn't affected by Ye Xuan. If it was the Executing Heaven Sword, it wouldn't work. Once the Executing Heaven Sword turned red, it would be the same as Ye Xuan, without any intelligence. Moreover, the Executing Heaven Sword wouldn't resist Ye Xuan!
However, the Sword Spirit was different. Ye Xuan's baleful aura and hostility weren't able to affect her!
At this time, Qian Mo suddenly pulled the silk belt on her waist. With this pull, her clothes fell off, and the two of them looked at each other!
Qian Mo looked at Ye Xuan. She walked in front of Ye Xuan and began …
...





Chapter 1232
Dual cultivation!
This time, Qian Mo was not as casual as before because she was clear-headed.
She needed to borrow Ye Xuan's bloodline power to break through, not to enjoy it.
When the two of them interacted, Qian Mo's aura suddenly soared!
If she had guessed correctly, the current Ye Xuan was most suitable for dual cultivation because Ye Xuan's bloodline had been completely activated.
This was also beneficial to Ye Xuan.
This was because the killing intent and hostility on Ye Xuan's body was gradually decreasing.
Although they were in an ice mountain, the two of them were like two balls of fire.
Qian Mo looked at Ye Xuan below her. She looked at Ye Xuan with calm eyes.
Feelings?
She naturally did not have any feelings for Ye Xuan!
Her and Ye Xuan becoming like this could be said to be an ill-fated relationship.
No, the first time could be said to be ill-fated, but this time …
Qian Mo felt complicated.
Deal?
Strictly speaking, she and Ye Xuan were making a deal, but she did not want to admit that it was a deal.
After a long time, Qian Mo shook her head. Whether it was against her heart or a deal, since she had already chosen to do this, she might as well go crazy!
Soon, panting sounds could be heard from the ice mountain.
About four hours later, a powerful force suddenly rushed into the sky from the ice mountain.
At this moment, Qian Mo had already put on her clothes. Powerful auras continuously spread out from her body and the surrounding ice mountain started to melt!
Bloodline breakthrough!
After borrowing Ye Xuan's bloodline power, her mortal bloodline had broken through its shackles. Now, she was no longer restricted by her bloodline. Not only that, she had also used this bloodline breakthrough to reach the upper Self Release Realm!
She was a top expert of this world!
Qian Mo closed her eyes and clenched her fists. At this moment, her body was filled with endless power!
Upper Self Release Realm!
If she met that old monk now, she would not fear him at all!
Ordinary Self Release Realm experts would not be her match!
Fifth Dimension Tendo!
At this moment, she thought of the Fifth Dimension Tendo.
However, when she thought of that woman, a sense of helplessness rose from the depths of her heart.
Even if she reached the upper realm of Self Release, she still did not have the confidence to challenge Mu Niannian!
That woman was so powerful that it made people despair!
Qian Mo looked into the distance. In the distant ice mountain, there were countless ice people.
Most of them were her clansmen.
They were all killed by Mu Niannian!
Back then, she had brought her clansmen to this universe. Her thoughts at that time were very simple. She wanted to destroy Tendo and make her clan the ruler of this universe.
Unfortunately, she had underestimated the strength of the Fifth Dimension Tendo!
Too many experts from her family had died in that battle!
After a long time, Qian Mo shook her head. She did not want to think about revenge!
That woman didn't kill her even after she reached the Self Release Realm. There was only one explanation, she wasn't afraid of her.
Qian Mo opened her palm and the World Prison Pagoda appeared in her hand. She had witnessed Xiao Ta's might in the previous battle!
According to her guess, the Dao Scripture was very likely in Xiao Ta's body!
However, she did not have any other thoughts!
She turned to look at the nearby Ye Xuan. At this moment, Ye Xuan had already returned to normal, but he was still not awake.
Qian Mo pointed with her finger and the World Prison Pagoda flew towards Ye Xuan.
Forcefully seize the World Prison Pagoda?
She had never had such thoughts because she knew that even if the Dao Scripture fell into her hands, she would not be able to keep it!
It could be said that once she seized this Dao Scripture, her enemies would not only be the Dao World and the ancient temple, but also Ye Xuan's side.
This Dao Scripture was very tempting, but ordinary people would die if they obtained it!
Qian Mo walked in front of Ye Xuan and squatted down, looking at Ye Xuan.
In fact, if she wanted to sever her ill-fated relationship with Ye Xuan, it was very simple. She would just have to kill Ye Xuan!
She had this thought before!
Qian Mo looked at Ye Xuan for a long time before turning to leave.
Regardless of whether it was an ill-fated relationship or not, she did not want to care so much. Right now, she had more important things to do!
In a short while, Qian Mo left the Fifth Dimension …
Inside the ice mountain.
About an hour later, Ye Xuan slowly opened his eyes.
Ye Xuan hurriedly sat up and looked around. Ice mountain?
At this moment, the sword beside him suddenly trembled.
Soon, Ye Xuan knew everything!
After a long silence, Ye Xuan said softly, "Did she leave?"
After saying that, he looked up at the depths of the starry sky.
Qian Mo should have returned to the Dao World!
After a moment of silence, Ye Xuan looked at himself. At this moment, his bloodline power had returned to normal.
As if he had thought of something, Ye Xuan suddenly took out a mirror. In the mirror, he looked at his hair and saw some white strands!
When he saw this, Ye Xuan's face sank. "Big Sister, how many years of lifespan do I have left?"
Big Sister said, "Ten years!
If you activate the Prison Pagoda again, you will die on the spot! "
Ten years of lifespan!
Ye Xuan was stunned.
He played with the pagoda for a bit and almost played himself to death?
Big Sister suddenly said, "You must break through to the Origin Breaker Realm as soon as possible. If you break through, your lifespan will increase. Only then will you be able to continue using the Prison Pagoda!"
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "Big Sister, this pagoda has already recognized me as its master, and all of you cooperated with me. Why is there such a huge backlash?"
Big Sister fell silent for a moment before she said, "I did not expect there to be such a huge backlash. It should be because of the gathering of Dao Laws. After the gathering of Dao Laws, the power of Dao Laws produced isn't something you can endure right now."
The power of Dao Laws!
Needless to say, these Dao Laws were really strong!
Big Sister did not lie to him. With the gathering of Dao Laws, he was invincible in the Fifth Dimension!
Of course, he had to get rid of that Mu Niannian!
Not to mention, even with the Prison Pagoda, he wasn't confident in being able to trap that Mu Niannian!
Perhaps even the Prophet himself at his peak with this pagoda wouldn't be able to!
Big Sister suddenly said, "What do you intend to do with those two monks in the pagoda?"
Ye Xuan immediately returned to the pagoda. He went to the first floor. On the first floor, those two monks were still imprisoned by Xiao Ta.
With a single thought from him, those two monks would immediately die because their cultivations had been sealed by the Prison Pagoda.
Ye Xuan walked over to those two monks and sized them up. The two of them sat cross-legged on the ground with their palms pressed together and were silently chanting.
Ye Xuan looked at them for a long time before shaking his head and turning to leave.
He didn't say anything!
Because he knew that he couldn't subdue those two.
These people weren't even afraid of death!
However, he didn't kill them. They would definitely be useful in the future!
These were two upper Self Release Realm experts, the ancient temple wouldn't ignore them!
After Ye Xuan left the Prison Pagoda, he looked at the sword in his hand.
The Sword Spirit!
Besides the power of his bloodline, there was another reason he could fight that old monk, and that was the Sword Spirit!
The Sword Spirit was a perfect match for his bloodline!
It was even better than the Executing Heaven Sword!
Unfortunately, the Sword Spirit didn't communicate with him!
Without thinking too much about it, Ye Xuan put the Sword Spirit away and vanished.
Right now, he still had a lot of things to do!
....
The Dao World.
Because of the disappearance of the Dao Spirit, the spirit energy in various parts of the Dao World had dried up. However, the people of the Dao World didn't care about this problem.
They only had eyes for the Dao Scripture!
The precious Dao Scripture that had once descended into the Dao World!
Just one page was enough to change one's destiny!
The God Palace.
Mo Dao and the others were standing in front of the Pope. The Immortal Pavilion's Master, Jiang Yu, was there as well.
The hall was very quiet!
The Pope and Jiang Yu hadn't expected that they would fail this time.
Moreover, they had failed while working together with the ancient temple!
Meanwhile, Jiang Yu suddenly said, "It looks like things aren't as simple as we thought!"
The Pope was expressionless. "I just don't know if the Dao Scripture is in Ye Xuan's hands!"
Li Mian said solemnly, "Pope, I think that even if the Dao Scripture isn't in Ye Xuan's hands, we still can't let him live.
He's related to Ye Qingzhi, and coupled with his terrifying talent, I'm afraid no one in the Dao World will be able to keep him in check in time! "
Jiang Yu nodded. "Indeed. Although the Dao Scripture is important, we have to be on guard against this person. He has such combat strength at such a young age. If he reaches Self Release, then not to mention others, even you and I won't be able to do anything to him.
Moreover, even if he doesn't have the Dao Scripture, he should have read it. Since that's the case, why don't we just target him? "
The Pope fell silent.
Jiang Yu continued, "Even if Di Linyuan obtains the Dao Scripture, it's impossible for him to break through in a short period of time. So, so long as we obtain the Dao Scripture from Ye Xuan, then we'll have a very good chance of breaking through before Di Linyuan."
Li Mian nodded. "Pavilion Master Jiang is right. Killing Ye Xuan won't just allow us to obtain the Dao Scripture, we'll be able to eliminate a calamity.
As for Di Linyuan, even if he obtains the Dao Scripture, he'll definitely be heavily injured and won't be able to break through in a short period of time. "
Meanwhile, Mo Dao suddenly said, "What if the woman in a plain dress is still alive?"
The woman in a plain dress!
Everyone here fell silent when they heard this.
All of them felt that Di Linyuan was still alive. Because they felt that the woman in a plain dress had definitely been heavily injured while fighting a Sixth Self Release Realm expert.
However, they'd overlooked something, and it was that the woman in a plain dress had killed six Self Release Realm experts!
So, it was very likely that the woman in a plain dress was still alive.
Jiang Yu suddenly said, "If she's still alive and has a close relationship with Ye Xuan, then she'll definitely appear as well if we act against Ye Xuan. We'll be able to kill three birds with one stone!"
As he spoke, he gazed at the Cult Master.
The Cult Master fell silent for a moment before he said, "Brother Jiang is right. Then let's deal with Ye Xuan with all our strength!
Brother Jiang, join forces with those Self Release Realm experts of the Dao World. I'll personally head to the Dao World and contact the ancient temple. Let's see what their attitude is! "
Jiang Yu nodded. "Alright!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he stood up and left.
The Cult Master turned around and vanished as well!
Li Mian and Jiang Yu exchanged glances, and then Li Mian spoke solemnly, "I hope we'll be able to kill Ye Xuan this time!"
Mo Dao nodded. "Since the Sect Master and Pavilion Master have taken him seriously, then Ye Xuan will definitely die!"
The Cult Master and Jiang Yu's intentions were very clear. They intended to gather the strength of the entire Dao World and the ancient temple to deal with Ye Xuan!
....
PS: Asking for votes!!!
I haven't asked for votes in a very long time!





Chapter 1233
In the Fifth Dimension.
After Ye Xuan returned to the Wu Clan, he immediately went into seclusion!
His gains from the previous battle were not small!
Especially the battle with the old monk!
The old monk was at the upper Self Release Realm. Being able to fight with such an expert was an opportunity for him!
An opportunity to break through!
While Ye Xuan was in seclusion, Guan Yin came to the Sword Sect.
At this time, the Sword Sect had 126 people. Among them, the weakest was at the Origin Returning Realm!
The Sword Sect also had eight people at the half-step Self Release Realm!
Although it was few, the battle strength of these eight people could definitely reach the Self Release Realm!
Because the previous battle made Guan Yin realize that ordinary Self Release Realm experts were not that scary!
Some of the top monsters in the Fifth Dimension could fight against Self Release Realm experts!
And the Swordsman of the Sword Sect were all monsters!
Guan Yin found Senior Sister Lu and the two of them strolled in a Xiao Dao in the forest.
Senior Sister Lu said, "The next time they come, they should be stronger and have more people!"
Guan Yin nodded, "Yes!"
Senior Sister Lu looked at Guan Yin, "When can we go out to battle?"
Guan Yin was silent for a moment, then said, "The Sixth Dimension and the Dao World know very little about the Sword Sect. This is our chance!
The Sword Sect doesn't make a move, but once they do, we will decide the outcome! "
Senior Sister Lu said softly, "Yes!"
Guan Yin said, "If the Sword Sect needs anything, you can tell me!"
Senior Sister Lu said, "I want Lady Ah Jiu to come to the Sword Sect!"
Ah Jiu!
Guan Yin nodded, "I will talk to Lady Ah Jiu!"
In terms of Sword Dao attainments, Ah Jiu was undoubtedly the highest in the Fifth Dimension.
If Ah Jiu came to the Sword Sect to give pointers, it would definitely be of great benefit to the Swordsman of the Sword Sect!
Senior Sister Lu suddenly said, "We are very passive now because we know very little about the ancient temple and the Dao World."
Guan Yin nodded. "I know!"
Senior Sister Lu said, "Is there a way to solve it?"
Guan Yin shook his head. "Even the Union Hall doesn't know much about the ancient temple. As for the Dao World, we have no way of contacting it!"
At this point, she frowned. "Something's wrong!"
Senior Sister Lu said, "Xiao Dao!"
Guan Yin turned around and left!
She had to contact Xiao Dao!
After a moment of silence, Senior Sister Lu walked into the distance. Before long, she arrived in front of a statue!
It was the statue of the founder of the Sword Sect!
Looking at the statue of the green-robed man, Senior Sister Lu said softly, "After so many years, there's actually no news of you … You're too cruel!"
A moment later, Senior Sister Lu turned around and left.
...
The Dao World …
A demonic path family clan.
In a room, Xiao Dao rolled up a letter and handed it to Mo Zhong in front of him. "Go to Fifth Dimension and give this to Ye Xuan!"
The Mo Zhong put the letter away and said, "This is?"
Xiao Dao said softly, "They know too little about the Dao World. This is the information I've collected about the Dao World. With this information, they will have a rough idea of the Dao World's strength!"
Mo Zhong nodded, "Understood!"
With that, he turned and left.
In the room, Xiao Dao kept quiet for a long time before he said softly, "Don't die!
Or else, who am I going to return this favor to? "
...
The monarch race.
Di Ming was now the clan master of the monarch race. As for Di Linyuan, the monarch race could only treat him as dead!
Di Ming
Sitting in the palace, in front of him was a Self Release Expert from the monarch race, Di Lian.
He was the one sent by Di Ming to Fifth Dimension to observe Ye Xuan!
After a long time of silence, Di Ming said softly, "Fifth Dimension won!"
One had to admit that Di Ming was shocked.
The Dao World sent down six Self Release Realm experts. Moreover, the ancient temple also sent out so many Self Release Realm experts, but they were defeated!
Ye Xuan had killed two upper Self Release Realm powerhouses by himself!
Though he did it with the help of external forces, it was still terrifying!
Most importantly, in the Fifth Dimension, Ye Xuan wasn't the only one who could fight Self Release Experts alone, there were many others who could!
There were so many monsters in the Fifth Dimension!
At this moment, Di Lian suddenly said, "The overall strength of the Fifth Dimension is not as weak as we thought!
Of course, the ancient temple's strength is also beyond our expectations! "
Ancient temple!
Di Ming nodded, this ancient temple was able to send three upper level Self Release Experts, this strength was no weaker than the Dao World's top forces!
Di Ming suddenly asked, "What is the attitude of the Sixth Dimension?"
Di Lian said solemnly, "The Sixth Dimension is helping Ye Xuan. But when the Dao World and ancient temple joined hands against the Fifth Dimension, the Sixth Dimension did not send anyone to help!"
Di Ming nodded, "I understand!
The Sixth Dimension is providing Ye Xuan with soft help!
Seems like the Sixth Dimension's Union Palace has discovered something, that's why they are helping Ye Xuan. "
Di Lian said, "Yes, in terms of strength, the Fifth Dimension has no advantage but the Sixth Dimension's Union Palace still chose to help. The reason is simple, they believe in Ye Xuan!"
Di Lian looked at Di Ming, "Clan master, the pope, celestial pavilion, and ancient temple will not let this go easily. If we help Ye Xuan, we will definitely offend them. But now, it's not a good time for us to be dragged into this mess!"
Di Ming shook, "No, I'm the opposite of what you think!
I think, this might be an opportunity for us! "
Di Lian frowned, "Opportunity?"
Di Ming nodded, "Have you ever thought about what will happen to us if the pope and Jiang Yu really get the scripture?
By then, a single word from them will make us kneel before them, we won't even have a chance to resist! "
Di Lian remained silent.
For now, the Bloodshed God Palace and Celestial Pavilion wouldn't dare to annihilate the monarch races because they still had the ability to resist. If they were to do so, even if the monarch races were annihilated, they would still be able to take a bite out of them!
However, if the pope and Jiang Yu obtained the scripture, once they broke through, the monarch races would have no choice but to submit to them!
Di Lian said, "The risk is too great!"
Di Ming nodded, "Too great!"
If the monarch races were to help Ye Xuan, they might face the wrath of the Bloodshed God Palace and Celestial Pavilion!
But now, because of the scripture, many factions in the Dao World had gathered around these two factions. Though they weren't as strong as the monarch races, they were still a force to be reckoned with!
In other words, the monarch races were no match for the Bloodshed God Palace and Celestial Pavilion!
Di Ming was silent for a moment, he said, "We can help them in the dark!"
Di Lian frowned, "Help them in the dark?"
Di Ming said softly, "Give them money, cultivation resources, and divine items!"
As he spoke, he looked at Di Lian, "Get ready, take out some of the divine items and cultivation resources from the treasury, then have someone who isn't from the monarch races send them to the Fifth Dimension!"
Di Lian asked, "Family, is this worth it?"
Di Ming nodded, "If we can befriend Ye Xuan, it will be worth it!
If Ye Xuan fails, we will only lose some worldly possessions. So, it's worth it! "
Di Lian hesitated.
"If the Bloodshed God Palace and Celestial Pavilion find out, we …"
Di Ming sneered coldly, "Do you think that if we don't help Ye Xuan, the Bloodshed God Palace and Celestial Pavilion will let us go?
They won't!
We and the demonic clans are just meat in their eyes. Once they are free, they will devour us!
Because of the scripture, they have gathered some factions around them. Hence, we are no match for them! "
Di Lian nodded, "Understood!"
As he finished, he left silently.
Moments later, Di Lian left with some of the monarch races' wealth and cultivation resources!
In front of the palace, Di Ming slowly closed his eyes.
There was another reason why he chose Ye Xuan. Compared to the Bloodshed God Palace and Celestial Pavilion, he hoped that Ye Xuan could seize the opportunity to rise. That way, Ye Xuan would break the balance of power in the Dao World. That way, the Dao World would be balanced, and the monarch races would have a chance!
Of course, there was another reason. According to the investigation, Ye Xuan was a loyal Swordsman. A person like him was more trustworthy than the Bloodshed God Palace and Celestial Pavilion!
What Di Ming didn't notice was that not far away from him, just a few feet away from him, was a lady standing there!
It was the Fifth Dimension Tendo, Mu Niannian!
Mu Niannian remained silent for a long time before she turned and left. She left just like that, but the monarch didn't notice her at all. It was strange!
As Mu Niannian walked out of the palace, her lips curved into a smile.
At this moment, she suddenly thought of a human saying, "A just cause enjoys abundant support, an unjust cause finds little."
Though Ye Xuan wasn't as cruel and ruthless as the other monarchs, it was because of his benevolence that he gained the recognition and help of many.
Many times, benevolence and justice were still very useful.
Because no one would want to be friends with a monarch!
At this moment, Mu Niannian stopped abruptly. She placed her right hand on her chest and frowned.
A voice sounded beside her, "What's wrong?"
Mu Niannian shook her head and continued walking.
The voice said, "Is there something wrong with your body?"
"No!" Mu Niannian smiled.
"You still want to lie to me!" The voice said in a deep voice.
Mu Niannian giggled, "Don't worry, I'm really fine."
The voice said, "You're lying!"
"Let's not talk about this!" Mu Niannian shrugged.
"I still have some matters to deal with. Otherwise, that little guy will have a hard time living!"
The voice said angrily, "Why did you interfere with his matters?
Is it because you interfered with his matters that your body has problems? "
After a moment of silence, Mu Niannian shook her head. "There's something wrong with my body in the first place. However, I've underestimated his karma.
I can resist the Prophet, but some karma … it's a bit like the Cause of Disaster … "
As she said that, she looked up into the depths of the starry sky and frowned. "Who was it that used such a vicious Karma Technique on him … The other party's attainments in Karma are countless times better than the Prophet's!"
The voice said, "Then don't interfere with his matters!"
"It's too late!" Mu Niannian smiled.
The voice was a bit anxious. "Is it too late to give up now?"
"It's indeed too late!" Mu Niannian said softly.
As she said that, she lowered her head and looked down. "I suddenly feel a bit sorry for him!
Although he has the plain-dressed woman to protect him … this road isn't easy to walk on! "
As she said that, she walked into the distance.
And around her, some red threads invisible to the naked eye appeared …
....





Chapter 1234
In the Five-Dimensional Universe.
After three days of seclusion, Ye Xuan left his room.
Outside the door, Ye Xuan looked up at the horizon with his hands spread wide. His blood was flowing quickly inside his body, and he felt extremely comfortable.
It had to be said that fighting was the best way for a person to grow.
The battle with the old monk had given him a lot of benefits!
However, he also knew that if it was a normal fight, he was far from being the old monk's opponent!
Realm!
This was his biggest problem right now!
If he reached the Self Release Realm, he would be able to fight with the old monk even without external objects. If he used the Prison Pagoda, he would be able to kill an expert of the old monk's level.
However, the backlash of the Prison Pagoda was a big problem, so he didn't dare to casually use it.
The backlash of the nine Dao Laws was too terrifying!
At this time, Guan Yin suddenly appeared in front of Ye Xuan. She looked at Ye Xuan and said, "The Dao World's Xiao Dao sent us a message!"
Ye Xuan looked at Guan Yin. "What did she say?"
Guan Yin said in a deep voice, "The Dao World is much stronger than we imagined!
Moreover, they seem to have reached an agreement to deal with us! "
Ye Xuan said softly, "The Dao World, the ancient temple!"
Guan Yin nodded. "Yes!
They will join hands! "
Ye Xuan smiled. "How is the formation?"
Guan Yin said, "Old Li and the others are still being modified. This time, if the enemy invades, we will let all the experts of the Fifth Dimension attack together so that you can gather their strength.
However, this is very dangerous! "
Ye Xuan was silent.
The previous formation didn't borrow the strength of all the experts of the Fifth Dimension because they were afraid that he wouldn't be able to bear that kind of power!
However, they discovered that if they didn't borrow the strength of the Fifth Dimension, the formation's power was very limited!
Ye Xuan was silent as he recalled the power of the formation. At that time, his body could bear the power of the formation, but there was pressure!
In other words, if the formation added the strength of the Fifth Dimension, he might not be able to bear it!
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "I'm fine!"
Guan Yin looked at Ye Xuan. "This isn't a joke!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "I know. Let Old Li and the others do as they please!
Also, make arrangements, because they might come again soon, and this time, the people who come will be stronger than we imagined. "
Guan Yin nodded. "Understood!"
With that, she turned around and left.
Ye Xuan looked up at the sky. Above the starry sky, there were enemies everywhere!
When would it end?
Ye Xuan was at a loss.
The current him was no longer the Qingcheng Crown Prince of the past. He could see things further.
His intuition told him that the matter with Ye Xuan would probably never end.
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly turned around. "Who's there?"
As soon as he finished speaking, the sword in his hand suddenly trembled, and he was about to leave its sheath. Meanwhile, a black clothed man walked out!
Self Release Realm!
He wasn't from the Fifth Dimension!
The black clothed man cupped his fists at Ye Xuan. "Young Master Ye, I am Di Lian of the Dao World's Emperor Clan."
Originally, he wanted to send someone else, but he might as well do it himself. At least, he wouldn't betray the Emperor Clan, but that might not be the case with someone else.
"Emperor Clan?"
Ye Xuan frowned slightly. "What's the matter?"
He naturally knew about this Emperor Clan, Dao Yi. It was a superpower in the Dao World that was similar to the Demon Dao Family.
Di Lian flicked his finger, and a storage ring landed in front of Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan glanced at the storage ring, then looked at Di Lian. "This is?"
Di Lian said, "Young Master Ye, this is a token of our Emperor Clan's appreciation. Young Master Ye, please accept it!"
Ye Xuan looked at Di Lian. "What do you want?"
Di Lian said, "Just to form a good relationship!"
Ye Xuan fell silent for a moment before saying, "Alright!
I'm willing to form a good relationship with your clan! "
After saying that, he put away the storage ring.
Seeing Ye Xuan put it away, Di Lian instantly felt relieved. If Ye Xuan didn't accept it, then the Emperor Clan could only choose to stand on the Pope's side!
Di Lian collected his thoughts, then said, "According to what I know, the Dao World Immortal Pavilion's Pavilion Master, Jiang Yu, has already contacted some forces in the Dao World, and the Pope has personally gone to the ancient temple in the Sixth Dimension. Young Master Ye, you must prepare as soon as possible!"
Ye Xuan said, "What forces are the Pope and the Immortal Pavilion's Pavilion Master?"
Di Lian said in a low voice, "Thousands of years ago, the two of them had already reached the peak of Self Release Realm. Now, they might be at the peak of Self Release Realm."
Peak of Self Release Realm!
Ye Xuan fell silent.
Di Lian said, "It's very difficult for those who aren't at the Self Release Realm to descend here. Moreover, even if they use a secret technique to descend here, it'll still be greatly restricted. So, Young Master Ye's opponents are at least at the Self Release Realm, and there might be quite a few of them!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Thank you for telling me. I understand!"
Di Lian cupped his fists and left silently.
It wasn't suitable for him to stay here any longer!
After Di Lian left, Ye Xuan remained silent for a short while before he said, "Big Sister, did the Prophet leave any help behind?"
Big Sister replied, "No!"
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment before he said, "Isn't he the number one genius of the Dao World?
Isn't he the descendant of the former number one expert of the Dao World, Ye Lanting?
Is there any way to get Ye Lanting to help? "
Big Sister said, "You need to calm down!"
Ye Xuan sighed softly. "I can't calm down!
Who the fuck can endure this?
I can't even deal with an upper-level Self Release Realm expert. Now I've come to the Extreme Self Release Realm, and I can't even catch my breath. Really, Big Sister, get me an expert. I don't want to work hard anymore!
It's too fucking difficult! "
Big Sister was speechless.
The Ninth Floor suddenly said, "Kid, didn't you say you wanted to rely on yourself?
What kind of person are you calling!? "
Ye Xuan said furiously, "It's easy for you to say that!"
The Ninth Floor said, "Who said I wanted to rely on myself?"
Ye Xuan said, "I've changed my mind, alright?"
"Fuck!"
The Ninth Floor said, "You're amazing!
Unfortunately, the woman in a plain dress has left, the man in green clothes is nowhere to be found, and the Fifth Dimension Tendo has fled as well. Hehe, you have no one to call! "
Ye Xuan fell silent.
The Ninth Floor said, "Actually, you can treat these hardships as a form of training. Isn't there an old saying?
If a piece of iron doesn't go through endless tempering, how can it become a sharp sword?
You're this piece of iron now! "
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Senior, haven't you noticed a problem?
My enemies have always been abnormal!
They've always been several realms higher than me!
Look, I haven't even left the Fifth Dimension, but I have enemies in the Sixth Dimension, and in the Dao Realm, and they're the most powerful kind.
I dare to bet that before long, I'll definitely have enemies stronger than the Dao Realm and the ancient temple! "
The Ninth Floor: "…"
Ye Xuan said again, "Some enemies, I'll admit!
But some enemies, I really can't understand! "
The Ninth Floor said, "You've received benefits from the Prophet!
You can hand over the study house! "
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Senior, do you really think it's over if I hand over the study house?
No, even if I hand over the study house, those people won't let me go. I'm very clear about the hearts of these powerful forces. To cut the grass, you have to remove the roots!
Not to mention the Dao Realm, even in Qingcheng, those families know how to do this! "
The Ninth Floor was silent.
As Ye Xuan had said, even if Ye Xuan handed over the Dao Scripture, those people in the Dao Realm wouldn't let him go.
To remove the roots!
How could the people in the Dao Realm let a demon like Ye Xuan grow up?
Moreover, both sides were already at odds with each other!
Ye Xuan continued saying, "Karma, karma, karma. It's said that there's a cause before there's an effect. But Senior, have you noticed that many of my causes aren't caused by myself? On the contrary, I've been reaping the effects of others. I'm not complaining, I'm just a little tired."
The Ninth Floor said, "Kid, I'll give you a suggestion. Perhaps you can talk to the Fifth Dimension Tendo!"
Ye Xuan frowned slightly. "Fifth Dimension Tendo?"
The Ninth Floor said, "Yes.
To be honest, kid, after you open the study house, I'll take a look at the Dao Scripture and leave. Really, because I realized that following you might not end well for me! "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
"After being with you for so long, I've come to realize that you're toxic. It's just as you said, you have an endless supply of enemies. Some of them are known, but there are also many that are unknown. Now that I'm with you, I'm starting to get a little nervous.
Let's not talk about anything else, but I feel that something isn't normal. The Fifth Dimension Tribulation only appears once every million years, and you just happened to encounter it. At first, I thought it was a coincidence, but gradually, I realized that it might not be a coincidence! "
Ye Xuan's expression was gloomy. "Don't tell me that someone deliberately made me be born at this time and let me encounter the Fifth Dimension Tribulation!"
The Ninth Floor said, "I think that's the case."
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Damn, I'm also a little panicked!"
The Ninth Floor continued, "You said that your enemies are abnormal, and I agree with that.
In your previous life, you could say that you were a Prophet, and your current enemies are actually the Prophet's enemies. Of course, this is unfair to you.
The Prophet schemed against you, even though he failed!
But you inherited his karma.
Do you know what I think?
The Prophet's karma can be seen, and it is what you are experiencing right now. But this isn't the most frightening thing. The most frightening thing is the invisible karma on your body! "
Ye Xuan was silent.
The Ninth Floor said, "I roughly know who your father is, but your mother is definitely a big problem. For someone like you, your mother can't be an ordinary person. Moreover, didn't you notice a problem?
Your mother, Dugu Xuan, disappeared after saying that she was looking for someone!
I know that you secretly sent people to look for her, but there was no news, right? "
Ye Xuan nodded.
Dugu Xuan!
In fact, he had been looking for a long time, but there was no news at all!
This was very strange!
The Ninth Floor said, "Actually, if the Prophet knew that you were so complicated, he wouldn't have chosen you even if you beat him to death. That's not right, you can help him complete some things that he couldn't do himself. No matter what, he is gone!
When the time comes, you can find the Fifth Dimension Tendo and talk to her. She can see further than I can. Perhaps she knows something about Dao Yi that you want to know. "
Ye Xuan was silent.
The Ninth Floor said, "Now that I am following you, I really feel that it is very dangerous. Especially after the woman in the plain dress left, this feeling became even stronger!"
.....
PS: Recently, I want to watch some relatively pure movies. Everyone, recommend some pure ones. I am serious, brothers!





Chapter 1235
Ye Xuan was silent.
He remembered that the Tendo of the Fifth Dimension had said that the plain-dressed woman was suppressing something.
Now that she had left, there was no one to suppress it anymore!
Karma!
The only thing he could think of was karma!
Ye Xuan looked at himself. Unfortunately, he could not see the so-called karma.
No!
Ye Xuan suddenly frowned. Why not try it?
He closed his eyes slowly. At the same time, the sword domain appeared around him.
Ye Xuan started to observe his surroundings. Soon, he found some faintly discernible threads in the sword domain!
At this moment, the Ninth Floor suddenly said, "This is your karma thread!"
Ye Xuan said, "Can I cut it off?"
The Ninth Floor said, "Try it!"
Ye Xuan suddenly slashed with his sword.
Sword Cognition!
As the sword slashed, a sword ray flashed in the sword domain. However, the karma thread was not affected at all!
Ye Xuan frowned slightly.
The karma thread was not affected by him picking it up!
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Senior, what is going on?"
The Ninth Floor said, "You are too weak!"
Ye Xuan's face was full of black lines.
The Ninth Floor said, "Not being affected by all karma … Perhaps only the strength of the Sword Master at the top of the pagoda can do it!"
The strength of the Sword Master at the top of the pagoda!
Ye Xuan shook his head. "I don't care!"
After saying that, he looked up at the sky and said softly, "I should think about how to survive first!"
He knew that the Dao World and the ancient temple would once again descend into the Fifth Dimension!
And this time, if he couldn't withstand it, then all karma and karma would be for naught!
Ye Xuan disappeared on the spot.
This time, he did not intend to sit still and wait for death!
He wanted to take the initiative to attack!
Ye Xuan arrived in front of the Fifth Dimension barrier. On the other side of the barrier was Wen Zhaoruo.
Wen Zhaoruo said, "Young master Ye, someone from the Dao World is contacting the ancient temple."
Ye Xuan nodded. "I know."
Wen Zhaoruo said, "Young master Ye, be careful. If you need anything, just inform Li Chenfeng."
Ye Xuan suddenly asked, "Miss Wen, is the Dao World the limit of our universe?"
Wen Zhaoruo shook his head. "No!"
Ye Xuan asked, "In other words, there is a more powerful world above the Dao World?"
Wen Zhaoruo was silent.
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "You don't know or you can't say?"
Wen Zhaoruo looked at Ye Xuan. "Young Master Ye, I think what you need to do now is to deal with the Dao World and the ancient temple. As for other matters, put them aside for the time being!
Also, Young Master Ye better not leave the Fifth Dimension. If you appear in the Sixth Dimension, the ancient temple can easily take you down!
As for the Dao World, don't even think about going up. Once you go up, you might never come back down. "
With that, she turned around and left.
In fact, she was not optimistic about Ye Xuan at the moment.
Not only was Ye Xuan targeted by the Dao World, but he was also targeted by the ancient temple. Previously, Ye Xuan could win because the Dao World and the ancient temple did not attach enough importance to him.
However, it was different now!
The Dao World and the ancient temple attached great importance to Ye Xuan!
He was someone who possessed the Dao Scripture!
In fact, if it were not for the plain-dressed woman, the Sixth Dimension might have joined the ancient temple.
No one could resist the temptation of the Dao Scripture!
At that moment, a white-robed monk suddenly appeared not far behind Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan turned to look at the white-robed monk. "From the ancient temple?"
The white-robed monk nodded slightly. "This old monk is the ancient temple's Governor Elder. Greetings, Young Master Ye!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "You want to capture me?"
The white-robed monk shook his head. "Although my strength surpasses Young Master Ye, I can't capture Young Master Ye."
Ye Xuan had Xiao Ta, so even a Self Release Realm expert could not do anything to him. At the very least, it was not a problem for him to protect himself.
The Governor Elder asked again, "Young Master Ye, the two monks of my ancient temple are still in your hands, right?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes!"
The Governor Elder pressed his palms together. "Thank you, Young Master Ye, for not killing them. Since Young Master Ye did not kill them, this old monk thinks that we can talk!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "As far as I know, the Dao World's Pope went to your ancient temple."
The Governor Elder smiled. "It doesn't matter. They can talk about their matters, and we will talk about ours!"
Ye Xuan glanced at the old monk. "Can we do that?"
The Governor Elder nodded. "Yes!"
Ye Xuan's lips curled up slightly. "Then let's talk."
The Governor Elder pressed his palms together. "Young Master Ye, our ancient temple wants that study room. This is our goal.
Moreover, the Prophet once promised us that he would give us that study room. Thus, we helped him enter reincarnation and escape the Dao World's pursuit. However, he went back on his words!
He never returned. "
Ye Xuan was silent.
Perhaps it was not that the Prophet went back on his words, but that the Prophet could not return!
The Governor Elder continued, "Later, we found out that the Prophet was erased.
As for the study room, it fell into the hands of Young Master Ye. "
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "I don't understand. Why did you wait until now to snatch the study room?
Why didn't you come then? "
The Governor Elder shook his head. "Young Master Ye, we did not know who the Prophet chose.
Moreover, he was very smart. He left the study room in the Fifth Dimension, but he did not leave the key there. Of course, no one knew that the study room was the Dao Scripture.
We did not know either. In our opinion, the Prophet must have carried the Dao Scripture with him. After all, it was too precious.
Thus, all these years, we have been searching for the Prophet's reincarnation, wanting to know who he chose!
However, someone is obstructing us. "
As he spoke, he looked at Ye Xuan. "If I'm not wrong, it should be the person behind Young Master Ye who is obstructing us. Otherwise, we would have gone to look for Young Master Ye!"
Ye Xuan was silent. Needless to say, it must be the plain-dressed woman!
The Governor Elder continued, "When the Prophet left the ancient temple, he not only took his Dao Scripture with him, but also a Buddhist Scripture from our ancient temple. Whether it's the Buddhist Scripture or the Dao Scripture, both are very important to our ancient temple."
Ye Xuan smiled. "Master, you know that I'm not the Prophet!"
The Governor Elder was silent.
Obviously, Ye Xuan did not want to admit it!
However, this was normal. Ye Xuan was indeed not the Prophet, so why would he admit to the Prophet's debt?
The Governor Elder sighed softly.
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Master, I have an idea. Do you want to hear it?"
The Governor Elder looked at Ye Xuan. "Young Master Ye, let's hear it!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Governor Elder, before I say it, I would like to ask you a question. Between the Dao World and me, if you had to choose an opponent, who would you choose?"
The Governor Elder looked at Ye Xuan. "I choose the Dao World."
He had chosen the Dao World as his opponent!
In fact, the ancient temple did not want to target Ye Xuan. The ancient temple was also very afraid of the plain-dressed woman's strength.
The ancient temple knew what the plain-dressed woman had done in the Sixth Dimension, and they also knew that it was the plain-dressed woman who had stopped them from investigating Ye Xuan!
Moreover, they felt other karma from Ye Xuan, which was not the Prophet's karma.
To put it simply, Ye Xuan was not an ordinary person, but a very complicated person. They did not want to get involved in Ye Xuan's karma whirlpool!
However, they could not refuse the Dao Scriptures and Buddhist Scriptures!
Upon hearing the Governor Elder's words, Ye Xuan smiled. "How about this? Let's cooperate."
The Governor Elder looked at Ye Xuan. "Cooperate?"
Ye Xuan nodded. He opened his palm, and the Book House appeared in his hand. Then, he used the Prison Pagoda to open the Book House. Soon, a voice came from inside. "The host's strength is not enough. It cannot be opened!"
Ye Xuan looked at the Governor Elder, who said softly, "He set a restriction!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Can Your Excellency open it by force?"
The Governor Elder looked at the Book House and shook his head. "I don't dare!
Since it was left behind by the Prophet, he should have thought of all possibilities. If I force it open, I'm afraid it will not end well! "
Ye Xuan said, "I can't open it now!"
The Governor Elder said softly, "So, that plain-dressed woman did not open the Dao Scriptures?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes!"
The Governor Elder frowned. "Then why is she so strong?"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "I don't know!"
The Governor Elder's eyes flashed with doubt. "You don't know Young Master Ye?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "I really don't know!
Governor Elder, let's talk business! "
The Governor Elder said in a deep voice, "Young Master Ye, tell us what you think!"
Ye Xuan said, "How about this? When I can open this Book House, I will return the Buddhist scriptures to the ancient temple. As for the Dao Scriptures, I can also make a copy and give it to you."
The Governor Elder blinked. "You're that good?"
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Of course, I have a condition!
First, you have to help me deal with the Dao World. Second, you have to help me and my friends improve their strength! "
The Governor Elder frowned. "Young Master Ye, your condition …"
Ye Xuan looked at the Governor Elder. "The Dao Scriptures!"
The Dao Scriptures!
The Governor Elder said with a smile, "Young Master Ye, we can also join forces with the Dao World. What do you think?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "You can indeed do that. However, after you join forces with the Dao World, you will still have to fight the Dao World. After all, the Dao World will never give the Dao Scriptures to the ancient temple, and the ancient temple will never give them the Dao Scriptures!
Or do you want to share the Dao Scriptures? "
The Governor Elder asked, "Can't I?"
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "I'm willing to share it with you because I haven't reached the Self Release Realm yet, which is still far from me. However, if the experts of the Dao World get the Dao Scriptures and break through first, do you think they will share it with you?
Or are you confident that you can get the Dao Scriptures first?
Of course, it's possible!
However, if I, Ye Xuan, die, although I can't keep the Dao Scriptures, I can choose who I give it to first!
What do you think? "
The Governor Elder was silent.
Ye Xuan added, "Moreover, compared to the Dao World, my strength is much weaker. I can't pose any threat to the ancient temple. Even if I can, it will be in the future!
At least in a short time, I can't pose a fatal threat to you. Even if I read the Dao Scriptures, I can't reach the Self Release Realm in an instant, right?
However, the Dao World is different. They are all at the Self Release Realm. Once they read the Dao Scriptures, hehe … "
The Governor Elder looked at Ye Xuan. "Young Master Ye, I've changed my mind!"
Ye Xuan frowned slightly. "What do you mean?"
The Governor Elder said, "I think that you are a greater threat than the Dao World.
At least for now, you make me a little afraid. "
Ye Xuan was speechless. Damn it! Did I fool you for nothing?
....





Chapter 1236
Ye Xuan was silent.
He had thought that he had successfully fooled them, but he had not expected that they would be wary of him.
He had gone overboard this time!
In the distance, the old monk said softly, "Young Master Ye is not only talented, but his schemes are also top-notch. To be honest, if Young Master Ye reaches the Self Release Realm, I'm afraid our ancient temple will not be able to do anything to Young Master Ye."
Ye Xuan smiled. "So, Master, you will choose the Dao World, right?"
The Governor Elder shook his head. "No, as Young Master Ye said, if we choose the Dao World, we will eventually have to fight them."
Ye Xuan looked at the Governor Elder. "So?"
The Governor Elder asked softly, "Young Master Ye, if we choose you, will you regret it?"
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "You have investigated me, haven't you?"
The Governor Elder nodded. "Yes!"
Ye Xuan asked, "Then, do you trust me?"
The Governor Elder was silent.
Ye Xuan smiled and did not say anything else.
After a long time, the Governor Elder put his palms together. "Young Master Ye, we trust you."
Ye Xuan looked at the Governor Elder. "Then, we can talk about how to destroy those experts from the Dao World!"
The Governor Elder said, "Young Master Ye, this matter is of great importance. We cannot be careless!"
He paused and added, "Since we have already cooperated, shouldn't Young Master Ye return the people from our ancient temple?"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Of course I have to return it. However, Lil Pagoda is still in a coma because of the backlash. Therefore, I can only wait for it to wake up before I can use its power to break the seal."
The Governor Elder looked at Ye Xuan and did not speak.
Ye Xuan hurriedly said, "Master, everything I said is true.
If you don't believe me, I can swear to Heaven. "
The Governor Elder shook his head. "That won't be necessary!
Young master Ye, I need to go back to the ancient temple. Please wait for my news, Young master Ye! "
With that, he turned around and disappeared.
After the Governor Elder left, the voice from the ninth floor suddenly rang out. "You don't believe him!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "What do you think?"
"He doesn't trust you very much either!"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "If this Dao Scripture could really reach above Soul Release Realm, none of them would believe it. Of course, they would definitely be more afraid of me and the Dao World. If the Dao World obtains the Dao Scripture, they might immediately break through to above Soul Release Realm. At that time, they would have no hope of snatching it.
But I am different. Even if I open the book room and obtain the dao scriptures, it is impossible for me to instantly break through above Self Release Realm. "
The Ninth House said, "So, they will definitely choose you?"
Ye Xuan shook his head again. "They won't choose me either!
As I said before, they don't believe in the Dao World, but they won't believe in me either!
So, if I'm not wrong, they will let us and the Dao World kill each other while they sit back and reap the benefits. This is the most beneficial choice for them. "
The Ninth House said softly, "Just now, you showed them the book room to tell them that you still can't open it!
The ancient temple doesn't have the confidence to force it open, so before they find a solution, it is useless for them to obtain the book room. Not only that, but they will also become the target of the Dao World and the Sixth Dimension. "
Ye Xuan smiled. "Senior is very smart!"
The Ninth House sneered. "If I can see through your goal, can't that old monk see through it?"
Ye Xuan shrugged. "So what if he sees through it?"
The Ninth House said, "What are your plans?"
Ye Xuan said softly, "The Sixth Dimension and the Dao World's Imperial Clans aren't helping because my strength and the Fifth Dimension's strength aren't enough. If my strength and the Fifth Dimension's strength reach a certain level, they will help!
Now, I need to do two things. First, become stronger.
Not only do I need to become stronger, but the Fifth Dimension also needs to become stronger.
Second, find allies. I have the Dao Scripture. As long as I have enough strength, many people will be willing to be my ally. "
The Ninth House was silent.
As Ye Xuan had said, as long as Ye Xuan wasn't weak and because of the Dao Scripture, many people would be willing to be his ally.
Wasn't it the same for him?
Ye Xuan turned and left.
Soon, Ye Xuan arrived at the Fifth Dimension's Alliance Palace. There was only Guan Yin inside.
Ye Xuan handed Guan Yin a slip of paper. Guan Yin looked at it and said softly, "Painter, Wei Yang Tian, Jian Zizai …"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Help me find them!"
Guan Yin looked at Ye Xuan. "Are they from the Fourth Dimension?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes."
Guan Yin wanted to say something but hesitated.
Smiling, Ye Xuan said, "They are all my friends!"
Guan Yin nodded. "I understand!"
After saying that, she turned and left.
Ye Xuan walked to the entrance of the palace and looked outside. He naturally hadn't forgotten about Painter, Wei Yang Tian, and Jian Zizai.
Although the three women were still very weak when they parted, of course, that was only in terms of their current level. However, the three women were all stronger than Ye Xuan at that time.
He didn't believe that the three women would remain stagnant!
However, he was a bit puzzled. Why hadn't he heard any news about the three women along the way?
They couldn't have gone to the Dao World, right?
...
In the Fourth Dimension, life forbidden zone.
This was one of the three great forbidden zones of the Fourth Dimension. Very few people set foot here.
In the depths of the life forbidden zone, a woman was sitting cross-legged on the ground on top of a mountain.
The woman wore a white dress and had long hair that draped over her shoulders. There was a heroic spirit between her eyebrows.
If Ye Xuan was here, he would be pleasantly surprised because the woman in front of him was Jian Zizai.
At this time, a phantom suddenly appeared not far in front of Jian Zizai.
The phantom was like a shadow, and its true face couldn't be seen clearly.
At this time, Jian Zizai opened his eyes and looked at the phantom. "Restriction Master!"
The phantom in front of him was the Restriction Master of the life forbidden zone.
The Restriction Master nodded slightly. "How do you feel now?"
Jian Zizai said, "Breakthrough is imminent."
The Restriction Master nodded. "Then break through in peace. After breaking through, you can leave this place."
Jian Zizai frowned slightly. "What's wrong?"
The Restriction Master said, "He is looking for you!"
Jian Zizai said, "What about little brother?"
Almost everyone she knew was dead!
Except for Ye Xuan!
Therefore, the first person she thought of was Ye Xuan.
The Restriction Master: "…"
Jian Zizai said in a deep voice, "Did he cause trouble again?"
The Restriction Master nodded. "His situation isn't particularly good!
You can choose to go or not go. It's up to you. "
Jian Zizai looked at the Restriction Master. "Back then, you let me in because of him, right?"
The Restriction Master nodded. "Yes!"
Jian Zizai frowned slightly. "You know him?"
The Restriction Master said softly, "I don't know him, but I know his father!"
Ye Xuan's father!
Jian Zizai blinked. "Who is his father?"
After a moment of silence, the Restriction Master said, "A very strong person."
Jian Zizai asked again, "Have you fought before?"
The Restriction Master nodded.
Jian Zizai glanced at the Restriction Master. Needless to say, this person had definitely lost.
Because she could already feel that the other's emotions were a bit off.
The Restriction Master said softly, "I lost that battle.
He didn't kill me. Not only did he not kill me, but he also helped me a lot. If it wasn't for him, I wouldn't have been able to break through to Self Release back then. "
As he said that, he paused and said, "A true Self Release!"
A true Self Release!
Without transcending the Great Dao, how could it be called Self Release?
Jian Zizai suddenly asked, "Why didn't you leave?
With your strength, you should have been able to leave long ago, right? "
The Restriction Master shook his head. "He asked me to help protect someone here!"
Jian Zizai was a bit curious. "Protect someone?"
The Restriction Master nodded. "Thinking about it, it's almost time."
After a moment of silence, Jian Zizai asked, "Is he in danger now?"
The Restriction Master nodded. "His situation isn't particularly good!
He has too much karma on him. It's a very troublesome matter!
If you are willing to help, you can go after breaking through. If not, I won't force you. When the time comes, I'll personally go. After all, he's the son of an old friend. I have to take care of him. "
Jian Zizai said, "I'll go!"
As she said that, the corners of her mouth raised slightly. "He's my little brother!"
The Restriction Master nodded and turned to leave.
Jian Zizai slowly closed his eyes and peacefully broke through.
...
Ancient temple.
When the Governor Elder returned to the ancient temple, the Pope was strolling with the ancient temple's abbot on a Xiao Dao at the foot of the divine mountain.
The Pope was still unable to enter the ancient temple!
On the Xiao Dao, the two walked slowly.
When he saw the Governor Elder, the Pope put his palms together and said, "Abbot, I'll take my leave first."
The ancient temple's abbot bowed slightly. "Take care, Pope!"
The Pope nodded and turned to disappear at the end of the horizon.
The Abbot uttered the name of Buddha and then looked at the Governor Elder. The Governor Elder told him what he had discussed with Ye Xuan.
After a moment, the Governor Elder said, "Abbot, what do you think?"
The abbot said softly, "Young Master Ye's threat is above the Dao Realm!"
Above the Dao Realm!
Hearing this, the Governor Elder fell silent.
The ancient temple's abbot slowly walked into the distance. "Young Master Ye is a genius. He reached this level without reading the Dao Scripture. His achievements are no less than Ye Qingzhi's. Moreover, he has a Dao Protector. Although he has left, he still can't be underestimated.
As for what he said about sharing the Dao Scripture, he might be telling the truth. However, he's still a threat to our ancient temple. "
The Governor Elder asked, "Why?"
The ancient temple's abbot said softly, "If he reaches the Self Release Realm, what do you think will happen?"
The Governor Elder fell silent.
If Ye Xuan reached the Self Release Realm, no one in the Self Release Realm would be his match!
The Governor Elder said solemnly, "Then, should we join forces with the Dao Realm?"
The ancient temple's abbot shook his head. "If we join forces with the Dao Realm, both sides will eventually fight. We can join forces with the Dao Realm in the open and Ye Xuan in the dark. We can let them exhaust each other."
The Governor Elder shook his head. "The Dao Realm and Ye Xuan are not stupid!"
The ancient temple's abbot smiled kindly. "Whoever is anxious will lose.
Our ancient temple is not anxious, and neither is Young Master Ye. However, the Dao Realm is anxious. Do you understand? "
The Governor Elder nodded. "I understand!"
At this moment, a monk suddenly appeared in front of the ancient temple's abbot. The monk bowed slightly and said, "I found out the origin of that plain-dressed woman!"
....
PS: Please vote!
To be human, one must have a dream!





Chapter 1237
The plain-dressed woman!
In fact, the ancient temple was most afraid of one person, and that was Ye Xuan's Dao Protector, the plain-dressed woman!
The ancient temple was very afraid of this mysterious plain-dressed woman. It was also because of this that the ancient temple did not dare to go all out against Ye Xuan.
That woman had almost destroyed the Sixth Dimension with a single slash!
The ancient temple's abbot nodded. "Speak!"
The monk said solemnly: "This woman is not from the Fifth Dimension, nor is she from the Fourth Dimension. She might be from the Third Dimension."
The Third Dimension!
Hearing this, the ancient temple's abbot frowned, and the beads in his hand stopped spinning.
The Governor Elder also frowned. "The Third Dimension?"
The monk nodded. "From various signs, she should be a person from the Third Dimension.
However, the current Third Dimension is untraceable! "
The Governor Elder was confused. "What do you mean?"
The monk said solemnly: "The Third Dimension seems to have disappeared into thin air, it should be hidden by someone. Moreover, when going to the Third Dimension …"
Saying so, he paused before continuing: "It is very dangerous!
There is a powerful sword qi guarding there, no one dares to approach. "
The Governor Elder said solemnly: "Even with your strength, you can't?"
The monk nodded. "I can't!
It is very dangerous! "
After thinking for a while, the Governor Elder looked at the ancient temple's abbot.
The ancient temple's abbot said softly: "The Third Dimension … this is interesting!"
The Governor Elder said solemnly: "Could that woman's strength have reached Self Release or above?"
The ancient temple's abbot smiled and said: "Anything is possible!"
The Governor Elder's expression sank, "If the other party has reached Self Release or above …"
The ancient temple's abbot suddenly said: "No matter, since she did not help Ye Xuan clear his opponents, there are only two possibilities. First, she is afraid of something, and second, she is being held back by something.
If we can obtain that Dao Scripture, along with our temple's Buddhist scriptures, our ancient temple can break through the limit and head to the Realm of Pure Land! "
The Realm of Pure Land!
The entire ancient temple's goal!
The Governor Elder and the monk clasped their hands together and chanted Buddhist names.
The abbot of the ancient temple suddenly said, "Governor, please make arrangements for the ascetic monks who are cultivating outside to return. This matter should come to an end!"
After that, he walked up the mountain.
The Governor Elder bowed slightly and left with the monk.
Not long after, a bell rang above the ancient temple …
...
In the Five-Dimensional Universe.
Inside the room, Ye Xuan took out the bookstore. The bookstore was just a small room. From the outside, there was nothing special about it.
At this moment, Big Sister appeared in the room.
Big Sister looked at the study room and said softly, "Sir should have left it for himself, what a pity …"
She glanced at Ye Xuan and didn't say anything else.
Ye Xuan said, "Eldest Sister has been in contact with Sir for the longest time. Did he say anything before he disappeared?"
After a moment of silence, Eldest Sister said, "I've said that we'll meet again if fate wills it!"
Fate brought us together again!
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The Big Sister said softly, "If possible, you can go to the Ye Family in the Dao World to take a look."
Ye Xuan nodded. "Sure!"
The Big Sister said again, "Although you are not Sir, you have inherited Sir's karma. I mean, there are good and bad things. Sir's origin is not simple, especially the Ye Family's ancestor …"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "If I am not Ye Qingyu, the Ye Family's ancestor will kill me?"
The Big Sister said, "Not necessarily, because most people don't know that you are not Sir."
Ye Xuan was silent.
Indeed, it could be seen.
There were really not many people who could break his karma!
So far, only the Fifth Dimension Tendo could be seen with the naked eye!
Ye Xuan asked again, "Are there any descendants of the Ye Family?"
The Big Sister nodded. "Yes!
When Sir broke through, he already felt that things were not good, so he let some of his family members leave quietly. However, he underestimated his ability because he broke through too quickly!
He couldn't suppress it! "
Couldn't suppress it!
Ye Xuan shook his head with a smile. What a freak!
The Big Sister looked at Ye Xuan. "One more thing, your current cultivation level is a very big disadvantage. You must reach half-step Separation Realm as soon as possible. If you can reach half-step Separation Realm, the backlash of Regulations should be much, much lower!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "I know!"
As the Big Sister said, his biggest disadvantage now was his own cultivation level.
His cultivation level was really too low!
Shattering Void Tier!
Ye Xuan sat cross-legged on the ground, his eyes slowly closed.
Ye Xuan took out an alchemical pill. This was the Origin Return Pill that Guan Yin had given him, used to break through to Origin Return Breaking Realm.
However, he had not swallowed this alchemical pill before, because he had just broken through to the Shattering Void Tier not long ago.
But now, he did not have that much time to wait.
Ye Xuan directly swallowed the alchemical pill, and very soon, a pure energy spread out from his body. In an instant, a powerful aura overflowed from his body.
Gradually, the aura around Ye Xuan became stronger and stronger.
...
Dao World.
On this day, a total of 36 Self Release Tier elites of the Dao World left the Dao World.
Their goal was precisely the Fifth Dimension!
In truth, the Divine Palace and the Celestial Pavilion did not have that many Self Release Tier elites. The majority of Self Release Tier elites were lone cultivators and some other forces that had gathered!
The reason why everyone had come was very simple. The Fifth Dimension had a Dao Scripture!
For the Dao Scripture, all Self Release Tier elites would go crazy!
And the Pope was also very smart, agreeing that once they obtained the Dao Scripture, everyone would share it!
It was precisely because of this reason that countless Self Release Tier elites of the Dao World had gathered around the Pope and Jiang Yu.
Demonic Path Clan.
The Pope had brought 36 Self Release Tier elites to the Fifth Dimension, and Xiao Dao could be said to have received this news at the first instant!
However, she was very helpless!
Because she could not help at all!
The present Demonic Path Clan only had one Self Release Tier elite, and she really could not do anything!
Very helpless!
In front of the Demonic Path Palace, Xiao Dao looked at the horizon in the distance, her eyes filled with worry.
She knew that the plain-dressed woman had already left, so how could Ye Xuan resist these 36 Self Release Tier elites?
Moreover, the ancient temple had joined hands with the Dao World.
How could Ye Xuan resist?
Beside Xiao Dao, Mo Zhong said softly, "If we had not provoked that plain-dressed woman back then …"
As he said this, he smiled bitterly.
Why had the Demonic Path Clan declined to such a state?
It was because they had provoked that plain-dressed woman!
It was fine if they had provoked her, but they had even invited her to the clan, nearly causing the clan to be wiped out!
The current Demonic Path Clan could not do anything when facing such matters!
At the entrance of the palace, Xiao Dao was silent.
In truth, the Demonic Path Clan had already had a good ending!
If not for Ye Xuan, that plain-dressed woman would have killed everyone in the Demonic Path Clan.
When had that plain-dressed woman ever been softhearted?
Only when facing Ye Xuan would she show her benevolent side!
At this moment, Xiao Dao suddenly said, "I want to go down for a while!"
Hearing this, Mo Zhong's expression changed and he hurriedly said, "Miss, you absolutely cannot do that.
Right now … "
Xiao Dao said softly, "If I go down, I can more or less help!"
After he finished speaking, he had already disappeared.
Seeing this, Mo Zhong was shocked and hurriedly chased after her.
...
On the other side, in an abandoned ruin, a woman was slowly walking. This person was Qian Mo.
There had once been a super large clan in these ruins!
Qian Clan!
Mortal Bloodline!
The Qian family's ancestor had once been the first mortal bloodline in the Dao World. At that time, the Qian family had been the number one clan in the Dao World!
Unfortunately, with glory came decline. The descendants of the Qian family were not as good as the last and gradually declined. In the last period of time, as the youngest Clan Leader of the Qian family, in order to change the family's situation, she used a secret technique to bring some clansmen to the Fifth Dimension, wanting to rebuild the family there!
However, she did not expect that the Fifth Dimension Tendo would be so abnormal!
At this moment, an old man suddenly appeared behind Qian Mo. The old man respectfully bowed to Qian Mo. "Clan Leader!"
Qian Mo said softly, "How many people are left?"
The old man said in a deep voice, "More than 100!
However, most of them do not know that they are from the Qian family!
Not only that, many of them have their bloodline completely diluted … It can be said that at least 90% of the clansmen can no longer activate the family's bloodline! "
Qian Mo was silent.
The old man sighed softly, feeling sad and happy at the same time.
He was sad that the Qian family had completely declined, but he was happy that his young miss had unexpectedly broken through the bloodline shackles!
It could be said that his young miss was the first person in the Qian family after the ancestor!
As if thinking of something, the old man hurriedly said, "Young miss, the Pope and the others have brought 36 Self Release Realm experts to the Fifth Dimension!"
Hearing this, Qian Mo frowned slightly. "36?"
The old man nodded. "36!
Moreover, the Pope and Immortal Pavilion Master have personally gone!
It seems that they want to kill that Ye Xuan! "
Qian Mo was silent.
The old man was about to speak when Qian Mo suddenly said, "I will make a trip to the Fifth Dimension. You stay here and slowly summon the clansmen!"
After saying this, she disappeared on the spot.
...
In the Sixth Dimension.
Wen Zhaoruo came to the pavilion where the Sixth Dimension Tendo lived. Wen Zhaoruo said in a deep voice, "The 36 Self Release Realm has reached the Sixth Dimension!"
The Sixth Dimension Tendo said softly, "Their target is Ye Xuan?"
Wen Zhaoruo nodded. "Yes!"
The Sixth Dimension Tendo was silent.
Wen Zhaoruo said again, "The ancient temple has also moved."
The Sixth Dimension Tendo looked at Wen Zhaoruo. "How many people?"
Wen Zhaoruo said in a deep voice, "Nine ascetic monks, all at the upper Self Release Realm!
Moreover, the Governor Elder is personally leading them! "
Hearing this, the Sixth Dimension Tendo suddenly stood up.
Wen Zhaoruo looked at the Sixth Dimension Tendo. "What is it?"
The Sixth Dimension Tendo said in a deep voice, "Something big is going to happen!"
Wen Zhaoruo was a little puzzled. "What do you mean?"
The Sixth Dimension Tendo said softly, "Have you ever thought about what will happen if that Ye Xuan dies?"
The plain-dressed woman!
Wen Zhaoruo immediately thought of the plain-dressed woman!
If Ye Xuan dies, will the plain-dressed woman give up?
Definitely not!
Wen Zhaoruo said in a deep voice, "Something big is really going to happen!"
...
Somewhere in the starry sky, Mu Niannian was slowly roasting the small fish in front of her.
Roasting fish in the starry sky, one of a kind!
At this moment, a voice sounded in her ear. "They are all going to fight him!"
The corners of Mu Niannian's mouth raised slightly. Her smile was a little strange. "Isn't that good?"
....





Chapter 1238
At the foot of the sacred mountain, the Pope and the others gathered!
Looking at the ancient temple on the sacred mountain, the Pope chuckled, "This ancient temple is really mysterious!"
Jiang Yu nodded.
Because their divine sense couldn't reach this ancient temple, before reaching halfway, it was blocked by a mysterious force!
Jiang Yu was about to speak when an old monk suddenly appeared in front of him.
It was the Governor Elder!
The Governor Elder clasped his hands together, "Your Holiness!"
The Pope returned the greeting, "Governor Elder, we should depart."
The Governor Elder smiled, "Alright!"
With that, eight monks dressed in gray robes appeared behind him!
Ascetics!
All eight were at the upper Self Release realm!
Although they couldn't compare to the Pope and the others in terms of quantity, their quality crushed them!
Seeing these eight ascetics, the Pope and Jiang Yu's hearts trembled.
This ancient temple's strength was stronger than they imagined!
At this moment, the Pope and Jiang Yu were on guard!
In fact, whether it was them or the ancient temple, they all had one question in mind. What would happen after killing Ye Xuan?
What would happen after killing Ye Xuan?
At that time, who would the study house belong to?
This was a question they had no choice but to face!
Of course, the prerequisite for this question was to obtain the study house first!
The Governor Elder suddenly said, "Let's go!"
The Pope nodded, "To the Fifth Dimension!"
Soon, the group headed to the Fifth Dimension.
...
Fifth Dimension.
On this day, the barrier of the Fifth Dimension suddenly split open, followed by dozens of powerful auras walking out from the crack.
It was the Pope and the others.
The Pope looked around and didn't find the aura of the Fifth Dimension Tendo!
At this moment, the Governor Elder suddenly said, "This Fifth Dimension Tendo must be guarded against!"
The ancient temple was very afraid of the Fifth Dimension Tendo Mu Niannian!
The Pope smiled, "Believe me, she won't dare to come out today!"
His voice was full of confidence!
The Governor Elder frowned slightly, he realized that the Dao World looked down on the Fifth Dimension Tendo.
At this moment, the Pope suddenly looked down and smiled, "Isn't the Dao World lacking in spiritual energy?
This world's spiritual energy is quite abundant! "
Jiang Yu said softly, "Indeed!
But before that, let's get the study room first! "
The Pope nodded. "Of course!"
As he spoke, he looked down and slowly raised his right hand. In the next moment, a powerful aura swept down from the starry sky. Within that powerful aura, a giant hand that was thousands of feet long quietly condensed.
The starry sky trembled!
If that palm landed, the entire Shaman City underneath would be reduced to nothingness!
Right at this moment, a sword howl resounded abruptly from below. In the next moment, a strand of light slashed against the enormous palm.
The sword light shattered, but the giant hand was still there!
At this moment, several more sword lights slashed down.
Boom!
The giant hand shattered!
Below him stood a woman wielding a sword.
It was Ah Jiu!
Ah Jiu gulped down a mouthful of wine and looked at the Pope and the others. When she saw so many people, she immediately turned and left!
There were too many people!
I can't beat him!
Soon, Ah Jiu arrived at Ye Xuan's room. She broke the door and entered. Ye Xuan was still sitting cross-legged in the room.
The aura on his body grew stronger and stronger, and he was about to break through.
Ah Jiu shook her head. "You chose a good time!"
After saying this, she turned and left.
Ah Jiu had just walked out of the room when a powerful aura suddenly spread out from inside the room.
Ah Jiu turned and saw Ye Xuan walk out of the room!
Ah Jiu raised her eyebrows slightly. "Returning Element Shattering Realm?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Ah Jiu sized up Ye Xuan, then frowned. "His aura is unstable!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "I know!"
He had just broken through to the Shattering Void Tier not long ago, and now he broke through to Returning Element Shattering Realm. This was a little too fast!
Thus, there were some hidden dangers!
However, at this moment, he couldn't care so much!
Ye Xuan raised his head to look at the starry sky, and asked softly, "Are they all here?"
Ah Jiu nodded. "About 50 people, and the lowest is Self Release Tier!"
Ye Xuan blinked. "Shall we surrender?"
Ah Jiu took a sip of wine, then said, "I think it's fine!"
Ye Xuan: "…"
In a short while, Ye Xuan, Ah Jiu, and the others arrived in the starry sky. The pope sized up Ye Xuan, smiled, and said, "Not bad indeed!"
Ye Xuan looked at the pope, smiled, and said, "It seems that you are the pope of the Dao Realm!"
The pope nodded. "Yes.
Should I address you as Ye Qingzhi or Ye Xuan? "
Ye Xuan glanced at the people behind the pope, and finally looked at the governor elder. The governor elder put his palms together. "Young Master Ye, my ancient temple still feels that you are the greatest threat. You are an uncertain factor, and my ancient temple dares not take risks with uncertain factors!"
Sharing the Dao Scripture!
It had to be said that the ancient temple was a little tempted, but they were afraid!
Afraid that Ye Xuan would rise!
Once this kind of genius freak rose, it was not something that the ancient temple could control!
To put it simply, the ancient temple was confident in dealing with the Dao Realm, but it did not have the information to deal with Ye Xuan who would rise in the future!
Ye Xuan opened his palm, and the book appeared in his hand. As they looked at the book in Ye Xuan's hand, the eyes of all the Self Release Realm experts instantly burned!
They were all at the Self Release Realm, and it could be said that there were very few things that could move them!
The Dao Scripture!
The pope stared at Ye Xuan and smiled. "What, you want to hand it over yourself?"
Ye Xuan fell silent.
He had thought of handing over the book and letting them kill each other first!
However, he did not do that!
Because if he could think of it, they could think of it as well. In other words, even if he handed over the book, they would join forces to deal with him first!
Ye Xuan raised his head to look at the starry sky. This time, they really did not give him a chance!
50 Self Release Realm experts!
But the current Fifth Dimension did not have a single Self Release Realm expert!
They really thought too highly of Ye Xuan!
At this time, the pope suddenly said, "If you willingly hand it over, I can give you and the people by your side a quick death.
Many times, a quick death is also a kind of fortune! "
Ye Xuan looked at the pope. "Before I die, I want to experience the strength of a Self Release Realm expert. I wonder if Your Holiness can give me this chance?"
The pope shook his head. "I will not give you any chance!"
As he spoke, he looked at the governor elder. "Attack together and kill this person first."
The governor elder nodded. "Yes!"
One on one?
The pope did not fear Ye Xuan, but he did not look down on Ye Xuan and did not want to fail miserably.
In a one on one battle with Ye Xuan, winning was normal, and everyone would feel that it was a matter of course. But losing was extremely abnormal.
Not only would his reputation be ruined, but he might even die!
The predecessor of this person was the Ye Qingzhi of the past!
After obtaining the governor elder's approval, the pope looked down at Ye Xuan. "Attack!
Leave no one alive! "
When they heard the Cult Master, the 30 plus Self Release Realm experts charged down towards the ground!
Down below, Guan Yin and the others were pale. This time, she had not calculated that the Dao World and the ancient temple would use all their forces to attack the Fifth Dimension!
They were prepared to not give the Fifth Dimension any chance!
How could they fight?
The gap between them was just too big!
Guan Yin looked at the distant Ye Xuan. Right now, all her hopes were on Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan looked at the dozens of people charging down from the horizon. He was very clear that with his current strength, he could not defeat them. Although Ye Xuan could fight across realms, the other side had far too many people!
But he had no choice but to fight!
Ye Xuan opened his palm and the World Prison Pagoda appeared in his hand. His expression gradually became fierce. "Leave the formation!"
Bang!
The starry sky beneath Ye Xuan's feet violently trembled. Then, a massive starry sky array appeared all around him!
Ye Xuan opened his left hand and a sword appeared in it!
The Tendo Sword!
This was the sword that Mu Niannian had given him!
He had never used it before, so he did not know the use of this sword!
Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes. He suddenly pointed the sword upwards. In an instant, the entire world began to violently tremble. Soon, countless mysterious energies began to gather from the world like a tide!
No, not from the world, but from the entire Fifth Dimension!
This powerful energy was actually able to forcibly block the Self Release Realm experts that were charging down!
Seeing this scene, everyone was dumbfounded.
Even Ye Xuan had not expected that his sword would be so formidable.
From all around, endless energy gathered towards Ye Xuan. Adding on the power of the array itself, at this moment, Ye Xuan felt that he could destroy the universe!
Ye Xuan quietly put away the World Prison Pagoda. He suddenly realized that he could rely on this array and this sword to fight against his opponents!
As for risking his life, he could wait a little longer!
Ye Xuan raised his head and looked at the Pope and the others. The Pope softly said, "External strength is still an illusion in the end!"
After saying this, he suddenly punched out!
With this punch, a black fist imprint swept out. Wherever the fist imprint passed, space became deathly still.
This punch had already injured the source of the Fifth Dimension!
Below, Ye Xuan slashed out with his sword!
A snow-white sword light tore through the air. Under the gazes of everyone, Ye Xuan's sword directly slashed at the fist imprint.
Bang!
The sword light shattered. The fist imprint only became a little more illusory before continuing towards Ye Xuan!
At this time, Ye Xuan slashed out with his sword again!
Hiss!
A sword light soared into the sky and directly slashed at the fist imprint.
Bang!
This time, the fist imprint was unable to withstand Ye Xuan's sword qi and exploded together with Ye Xuan's sword qi!
In the sky, the Pope looked at Ye Xuan with an expressionless face. "Attack together!
Break the array and destroy the source of this world! "
After saying this, he seemed to have thought of something and looked at the Governor Elder of the ancient temple. "Sir, attack together!"
The Governor Elder hesitated for a moment and said, "There's someone behind Ye Xuan. We have to be on guard!"
They had investigated Ye Xuan. There were some mysterious people behind Ye Xuan. Although they didn't know who they were or where they came from, they didn't dare to underestimate them!
"Someone?"
A wisp of disdain appeared on the corners of the Pope's mouth. "Today, whoever protects him will die!"
As he spoke, he directly charged down with all the experts.
On the other side, Situ suddenly looked at Wine. "Don't you have a life-saving trump card?"
Wine nodded.
Situ frowned slightly. "Then why don't you use it?"
Wine fell silent for a moment, and then she took out a wooden sword.
This was left behind by the Ancestor of the Banished Immortal Island!
Situ said, "Quickly use it!
Otherwise, that little fellow will die! "
Ah Jiu didn't move.
Situ looked at Wine, and she said in a low voice, "I forgot how to use it!"
Situ was speechless.
...
PS: Don't tell me you forgot how to vote?





Chapter 1239
He had forgotten how to use it!
Situ looked at Ah Jiu, "You're joking, right?"
Ah Jiu shook her head, "I'm serious!"
Situ, "…"
At this moment, in the distance, dozens of Self Release Realm experts had arrived above Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan had a savage look on his face as the Prison Pagoda appeared between his brows. In the next moment, a blood red 'prisoner' character appeared above the heads of the four Self Release Realm experts at the front!
Boom boom boom boom!
Four blood red pillars of light enveloped the four of them, causing them to be unable to move!
Seeing this scene, their expressions changed drastically. They tried to resist, but at this moment, the four of them exploded into nothingness!
Instant kill!
The other Self Release Realm experts were shocked when they witnessed this scene!
What was that?
In the sky, the Pope stared at Ye Xuan. It wasn't just the Pope, everyone was staring at Ye Xuan. Under everyone's gazes, Ye Xuan's hair was turning white at a visible rate. In just a few breaths of time, his hair had turned completely white like snowflakes.
Backlash!
The Pope suddenly smiled, "The price is lifespan!"
Clearly, he could see that Ye Xuan's lifespan was flowing away.
However, the remaining Self Release Realm experts didn't dare to continue attacking. Just now, Ye Xuan had instantly killed four Self Release Realm experts!
Although they knew that Ye Xuan was suffering from backlash, no one wanted to be the first to attack!
The first to attack might be the first to die!
At this moment, the Pope looked at Jiang Yu, and Jiang Yu nodded. At this moment, the two of them had to attack. Otherwise, no one would attack!
The Pope and Jiang Yu suddenly vanished on the spot, and two powerful forces swept towards Ye Xuan!
In the distance, Situ suddenly looked at Ah Jiu, "You still haven't finished your research?"
Ah Jiu shook her head, "I have indeed forgotten!"
Situ shook her head, "You are invincible!"
After saying this, she transformed into a blade light and slashed towards the sky!
She knew that if she didn't act, Ye Xuan would definitely die!
Ye Xuan no longer had the ability to activate the Prison Pagoda again!
It wasn't just Situ who attacked with him, but also Aro, An Lanxiu, and the others!
However, as soon as Situ and the others came into contact with the two Pope, they immediately dispersed. They were no match for the two Pope. The difference between their cultivation levels was too great!
Very quickly, the Pope appeared directly above Ye Xuan's head and looked down at Ye Xuan, who was holding the World Prison Pagoda. The corners of the Pope's mouth curled into a sinister smile, and he fiercely slammed his palm down. With a wave of his palm, the space where Ye Xuan stood directly turned illusory!
Ye Xuan raised his head to look at the Sword Sect. He did not use the World Prison Pagoda again, because he could not endure a second backlash from the World Prison Pagoda. Moreover, even if he had the World Prison Pagoda, he was not confident that he could kill the Pope!
The other party's strength was much stronger than he had expected!
Ye Xuan took a step forward, and his Sword Domain appeared all around him. This time, he did not simply use his Sword Domain, but borrowed the power of his Sword Sense and the Tendo Sword!
With the support of his Sword Sense and the Tendo Sword, his Sword Domain was powerful enough!
Very quickly, the power of the Pope's punch entered Ye Xuan's Sword Domain. In an instant, Ye Xuan's face turned pale, and he hurriedly stabbed out with his sword.
Sword as Thought!
Guardian Thought!
As his sword stabbed out, the Pope's power was forced to a stop, and gradually, the power began to dissipate!
As for Ye Xuan, his expression became increasingly unsightly!
In the air, the Pope looked at Ye Xuan, the killing intent in his eyes thickening.
Ye Xuan's battle prowess was somewhat unexpected, and it made him feel somewhat apprehensive!
He was a little fearful!
At the very least, no one in the Dao World!
On the other side, the Governor Elder was also staring at Ye Xuan.
At this moment, he felt that the ancient temple's choice was the correct one!
At this moment, he felt that the ancient temple had made the right choice!
If they chose Ye Xuan, then once Ye Xuan rose up in the future, the two ancient temples wouldn't be able to suppress him. Right now, Ye Xuan was only in the Returning Essence Shattering Realm, but he could already fight against the Release Realm, this was just too exaggerated!
This kind of person should either not be enemies with him or be killed so that he would never rise again!
The Governor Elder suddenly said, "Pope, I will lend you a hand!"
The Pope smiled, "Very good!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he turned to look at Ye Xuan, and then he charged towards Ye Xuan. The Governor Elder was even faster. He transformed into a golden ray of light that shot out explosively, and he instantly entered Ye Xuan's Sword Domain.
As soon as they entered Ye Xuan's Sword Domain, a mouthful of Blood Essence instantly sprayed from Ye Xuan's mouth, and he hurriedly withdrew his Sword Domain. Because his Sword Domain couldn't endure the strength of the Pope and the Governor Elder any longer.
Meanwhile, the Pope and the Governor Elder were only over 30m away from Ye Xuan, and their powerful forces were like a storm that enveloped Ye Xuan!
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly raised his hands. "I surrender!"
He surrendered!
As soon as these words were spoken, everyone here was stunned!
The Pope and the Governor Elder were slightly stunned as well. He's going to surrender?
What the hell?
Right at this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly withdrew the book. Ye Xuan gazed at the Pope and the Governor Elder in the sky, wiped off the blood on the corner of his mouth, and then said, "I surrender. Take this."
As soon as he finished speaking, he suddenly made a tossing motion with his right hand, and the book flew into the air. At this moment, the gazes of everyone here shot towards the book.
The Pope instinctively wanted to take it, but a powerful strand of divine sense had locked onto him!
It was the Governor Elder!
Besides that, the Self Release Realm experts who'd come with him from the Dao World were looking at him as well, and their gazes were slightly off!
The Dao Scripture!
The Pope didn't dare to move!
If he tried to take it by force now, then he would definitely be attacked by everyone!
The Pope seemed to have thought of something, and he gazed at Ye Xuan while his eyes narrowed slightly, "You're trying to divert our attention!"
All of them gazed at Ye Xuan when they heard this!
Obviously, Ye Xuan wanted to divert their attention!
Ye Xuan wiped off the blood on the corner of his mouth again, and then he said, "Everyone, don't all of you want this book?
Come, I'll give it to all of you right now! "
The Pope gazed at Ye Xuan and laughed coldly, "Everyone, I think that it's better for us to join forces and kill him first!
Otherwise, with his natural talent, he'll definitely give all of you a huge headache once he attains the Self Release Realm in the future! "
As he spoke, he gazed at the Governor Elder, "What do you think?"
The Governor Elder looked at Ye Xuan and nodded, "Alright!
However, who will take care of the book for now? "
That was a problem!
The Pope fell silent.
Give it to the ancient temple for safekeeping?
He naturally wouldn't do that!
At the same time, the ancient temple wouldn't agree to give it to him as well!
This was where Ye Xuan was smart, open schemes!
Of course, there was another reason, and it was that the attraction of the book was sufficiently great. Both the Pope and the ancient temple were unable to refuse it.
Meanwhile, Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Everyone, I have an idea!"
All of them gazed at Ye Xuan, and then the Pope suddenly said, "Don't even think about it!"
As he spoke, he was about to make a move. At this time, Ye Xuan's palm suddenly opened.
The World Prison Pagoda appeared in his hand. He looked at the Pope and the others, smiling, "Everyone, I, Ye Xuan, am invincible under Self Release Realm, above Self Release Realm, I will trade one for one!
Whoever doesn't agree, come! "
One for one!
The Pope stared at Ye Xuan.
When the book was handed over, he didn't dare to risk his life anymore!
At least, he didn't dare to risk his life alone!
If Ye Xuan really risked his life against him, if he was injured, then he would have no fate with the Dao Scripture!
The Governor Elder didn't dare to make the first move because he had the same thought as the Pope.
Right now, both sides were afraid that Ye Xuan would risk his life against them!
At this time, Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Everyone, you want to kill me because you're afraid that I will rise in the future and become a threat to you!
But that is under the premise that I have the Dao Scripture!
But now, I have already handed over the Dao Scripture. Everyone, once you obtain the Dao Scripture and comprehend its mysteries, you will be above Self Release Realm. Let me ask you, at that time, will you still be afraid of me? "
Hearing this, everyone pondered.
That's right!
If they were above Self Release Realm, would they still be afraid of Ye Xuan?
In the square, everyone looked at the book not far away.
The Pope stared at Ye Xuan, "Ye Xuan, you want us to fight amongst ourselves!"
Ye Xuan smiled, "Your Holiness, let me ask you, if I didn't have me, Ye Xuan, would you hand over this item to the ancient temple?"
The Pope looked at Ye Xuan, not saying anything, but his eyes were filled with killing intent.
Ye Xuan looked at the Governor Elder and smiled, "Governor Elder, you said that I am a greater threat, but that is only if I have the Dao Scripture. Without it, I won't be able to pose any threat to the ancient temple for at least ten years, right?"
The Governor Elder was silent.
Indeed, without the Dao Scripture, no matter how monstrous Ye Xuan was, he wouldn't be able to reach the peak of the ancient temple in a short period of time!
Ye Xuan continued, "The Fifth Dimension will soon have a Fifth Dimension Tribulation, and I still have to face it. What do you think?"
The Governor Elder looked at Ye Xuan, "But if you die, we will be more at ease!"
Ye Xuan smiled, "Of course!
But Governor Elder, don't forget, once the Dao Realm Pope obtains the Dao Scripture, the situation will be different!
Do you know about the plain-dressed woman?
Do you know why she is so strong?
Because she obtained a few lines of the Dao Scripture from Ye Qingzhi, so she became so strong!
She killed a Six Dimensional Self Release Realm expert by herself! "
Saying this, he looked at the people in the sky, "To be able to reach Self Release, you are certainly monstrous among monstrous geniuses, geniuses among geniuses. I believe that if you can obtain the Dao Scripture, even if it is just one page, with your talent and knowledge, you will definitely be able to surpass Self Release and reach above it."
Everyone was silent.
At this moment, they finally knew why the plain-dressed woman was so strong!
So she had seen the Dao Scripture before!
Everyone looked at the Dao Scripture again, some people's eyes burning with undisguised passion!
At this moment, the Pope suddenly said angrily, "Ye Xuan, you are misleading us with your lies.
You want us to kill each other so you can reap the benefits! "
Ye Xuan shook his head, "Your Excellency Pope, I only want to live, so I will hand over the Dao Scripture."
Saying this, he looked at the people in the sky, "Even if you can't beat them, you can't surrender?"
The Pope said in a low voice, "Everyone, you must not believe Ye Xuan, this person …"
At this moment, the book in the sky suddenly turned into a ray of white light and flew towards the Pope!
Seeing this, Ye Xuan hurriedly said, "Wow, Pope, you actually attacked!"
At this moment, the surrounding Self Release Realm experts directly charged towards the Pope, even Jiang Yu was no exception …
..





Chapter 1240
The study was naturally Ye Xuan's idea!
He knew very well that if he didn't hand over the study, then not only would he die, everyone around him would die as well!
He couldn't rely on others to save him every single time!
He could only rely on himself!
And he could only rely on himself!
If he couldn't win, then he would play dirty.
When the study flew towards the Pope, the experts present couldn't maintain their composure, and they practically didn't hesitate to charge towards the Pope.
At this moment, Ye Xuan wasn't in their minds. There was only a single thought in their minds, and that was to prevent the Pope from obtaining the study!
The experts from the ancient temple and the others charged over as well.
The study absolutely couldn't fall into the Pope's hands. Otherwise, it would be extraordinarily difficult to seize the ancient temple back!
At the center of the crowd, the Pope was greatly alarmed when he saw the study charge towards him, and his first thought was that something bad was about to happen!
When he saw everyone charging towards him, he practically didn't hesitate to grab the study, turn around, and flee!
Flee back to the Bloodshed God Palace!
This was what he was thinking right now!
Because the Bloodshed God Palace was his territory, and he would be safe there.
The Pope's movements were very swift. After seizing the study, he turned around and fled very quickly. In the blink of an eye, he'd left the Fifth Dimension!
When they saw this, the experts from the ancient temple and the others couldn't be bothered about anything else and chased after him.
As for Jiang Yu and the others, they chased after him as well!
In next to no time, all the Self Release Realm experts in the sky above the Fifth Dimension had vanished.
Everyone instantly heaved sighs of relief when they saw this scene!
Meanwhile, Guan Yin walked over to Ye Xuan's side and asked softly, "Are you really going to hand it over?"
Ye Xuan smiled, "Of course!"
Guan Yin wanted to say something but hesitated, but she didn't say anything in the end.
The study was very important, but everyone's lives were even more important!
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "I'm going to heal my injuries!"
With that, he turned around and left.
Guan Yin glanced at Ye Xuan's departing figure and didn't say anything.
It didn't take long for the crowd to disperse.
When Ye Xuan returned to his room, a woman suddenly appeared before him. It was Qian Mo!
Qian Mo looked at Ye Xuan. "Did you really hand it over?"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Could it be fake?"
Qian Mo spoke in a low voice, "Do you know what that scripture means?"
Ye Xuan asked, "Is it more important than your life?"
Qian Mo fell silent.
The Dao scriptures were indeed important, but were they more important than one's life?
Qian Mo looked at Ye Xuan. "Are you really willing?"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "So what if I'm unwilling?"
Qian Mo said solemnly, "Why didn't you ask the Fifth Dimension Tendo to help?"
Ye Xuan whispered, "Does she owe me?
No, she doesn't owe me, Ye Xuan! "
This time, after he handed over the bookstore, he suddenly felt his entire body relax. It was not because he was temporarily safe!
It was the heart!
His heart relaxed!
Persistence!
Previously, he had the bookstore and felt that it was his. Therefore, he, Ye Xuan, would rather die in battle than hand it over!
However, he suddenly realized, why didn't he hand it over?
Could it be that he really had to rely on this bookstore to reach above Self Release?
Mu Niannian had once said that the Dao scripture in the bookstore was a path given by others. She disdained walking the path given by others. She wanted to carve out her own path!
As for him?
Ye Xuan looked at the Executing Heaven Sword in his hand. He had to carve out a path that belonged to him!
There was no plain-dressed woman!
There was no azure-robed man!
There was no prophet!
He was who he was!
When he no longer relied on anyone, that was the time to recognize himself!
Free heart!
Mu Niannian had once said that above sword sense was the free heart. What was free heart?
It meant that there were no restrictions!
People lived in one's life.
Many times, they were imprisoned by others, but even more often, they were imprisoned by themselves!
They bound their own hearts!
As for him, he was bound by others and also by himself!
Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes. Soon, he was like an old monk in meditation.
Seeing this scene, Qian Mo gave him a deep look. This guy was about to break through!
And it was a breakthrough in the Sword Dao!
Was he so abnormal?
He wanted to break through just by handing over something?
Qian Mo shook her head. A Swordsman was the most unpredictable person.
Qian Mo quietly retreated. Outside the door was Guan Yin.
Qian Mo looked at Guan Yin, "You followed him for that Dao scripture!"
Guan Yin looked at Qian Mo, "For survival!"
Qian Mo said plainly, "Without him, the Fifth Dimension is safer!"
Guan Yin shook his head, "Fifth Dimension Tribulation!"
Qian Mo was silent.
Guan Yin said again, "Miss Qian Mo followed him because of that Dao scripture?"
Qian Mo said, "Yes!
But he is gone now! "
After saying that, she turned and left.
At this time, Guan Yin suddenly said, "Miss Qian Mo, do you really think that the bookstore is in the hands of the Pope?"
Qian Mo turned and looked at Guan Yin. After a while, she seemed to have thought of something and shook her head with a smile.
Guan Yin looked at Ye Xuan's room in silence.
When she saw the bookstore fly towards the Pope, she knew that things were not so simple!
In fact, everyone had overlooked one point. The bookstore had already recognized Ye Xuan as its master …
...
Sixth Dimension.
Wen Zhaoruo rushed to the Sixth Dimension Tendo's pavilion. She looked at the Sixth Dimension Tendo, "He handed over the bookstore!"
The Sixth Dimension Tendo was silent.
Wen Zhaoruo said in a deep voice, "The plain-dressed woman did not appear. The Fifth Dimension Tendo also did not make a move."
The Sixth Dimension Tendo looked at Wen Zhaoruo, "What do you want to say?"
Wen Zhaoruo said softly, "I think that plain-dressed woman will not appear."
The Sixth Dimension Tendo frowned, "You have thoughts about that Dao scripture?"
Wen Zhaoruo nodded, "Yes!"
The Sixth Dimension Tendo sighed, "Greed often kills people. Zhaoruo, believe me, that Dao scripture is a hot potato. Whoever takes it will die."
Wen Zhaoruo was silent.
The Sixth Dimension Tendo said again, "The Pope has obtained the Dao scripture. He will not have a good ending.
Let's not talk about the plain-dressed woman and the others. That prophet is not a good person. He must have thought of any possibility for the things he left behind.
You watch carefully. According to my guess, the bookstore will eventually return to Ye Xuan's hands. "
Wen Zhaoruo frowned, "How is it possible …"
The Sixth Dimension Tendo said softly, "Why is it not possible?"
Wen Zhaoruo was silent.
The Sixth Dimension Tendo looked at Wen Zhaoruo, "This matter is very complicated. Sixth Dimension should maintain the status quo!
As long as we have no other thoughts about the bookstore, the Dao World will not provoke us. The ancient temple will not. Similarly, Ye Xuan will not either.
If we give up a bookstore, we will get more. "
Wen Zhaoruo nodded slightly, "Understood!"
The Sixth Dimension Tendo said again, "The Dao World will be chaotic!"
As she said this, she looked up with a trace of worry in her eyes.
The Dao scripture reappeared in the world. It was not a good thing.
...
The Dao World …
The Pope brought the bookstore with him and sprinted straight for the God Palace.
In fact, his mind was very, very clear at this moment. He knew that the bookstore flying towards him was definitely Ye Xuan's doing!
Ye Xuan wanted him to become the target of everyone!
However, he had no way to refuse!
It should be said that his heart wanted to refuse, but his body couldn't!
Only heaven knew how many years he had been in Self Release Extreme Realm!
This Dao scripture was his hope to break through and he really didn't want to give it up. Therefore, even though he knew that this was Ye Xuan's scheme, he had no choice but to fall for it!
Because of Ye Xuan's conspiracy, he had no idea.
There was no way to refuse!
Right now, he needed to return to the Bloodshed God Palace.
Behind him were dozens of Self Release Realm experts!
...
Somewhere in the starry sky, Mu Niannian watched the madly fleeing Pope.
There was still a roasted fish in her hand, but half of it had already been eaten.
At this moment, a voice rang in Mu Niannian's ears, "He handed over the study room!"
Mu Niannian smiled and said, "It's a good thing!"
The voice was somewhat puzzled. "What do you mean?"
Mu Niannian indifferently said, "He previously wanted to use the study room to resist the Fifth Dimension Tribulation. This in itself was a foolish idea."
The voice asked, "Is the Fifth Dimension Tribulation very frightening?"
Mu Niannian rolled her eyes. "What do you think?"
The voice said, "But the Fifth Dimension has experienced so many Fifth Dimension Tribulations, yet there are still so many living beings in the Fifth Dimension!"
Mu Niannian pointed at herself. "Please, that's because of me!"
The voice: "…"
Mu Niannian softly sighed. "You see, I'm so powerful, but I still fell ill from blocking the Fifth Dimension Tribulation. What about him?
If he wants to use the study room to resist the Fifth Dimension Tribulation, that idea will kill him!
There are four kinds of tribulations in this world. The first is the heavenly tribulation, the second is the heart tribulation, and the third is the human tribulation. This Fifth Dimension Tribulation is both the heavenly tribulation and the heart tribulation. After the heart tribulation, there is still the human tribulation.
If he wants to use the study room to resist it, it is unrealistic. "
The voice asked, "If there isn't, then what about the study room?"
Mu Niannian smiled. "Actually, a person's own body is the greatest wealth. Unfortunately, many people don't dig out their own potential. They all want to rely on external objects. This is a bit like putting the cart before the horse."
As she spoke, she looked at the distant horizon and softly said, "Humans are blessed by the heavens, especially when it comes to cultivation. They have an advantage over many other living beings. Of course, humans are also especially greedy, just like this Pope!"
The voice asked, "What do you mean?"
Mu Niannian smiled. "The people of the Dao World are very stupid. They think that after reaching the Self Release Realm, there is no path!
They need Dao scriptures to continue advancing.
Little do they know that this kind of thinking is very stupid.
It is like a person walking in front of a huge mountain and finding that there is no path!
Then, they will stop walking and feel that there must be a path for them to walk. This kind of thinking is very stupid because it is the same as trapping themselves!
Since there is no path in front of them, why not create a path for themselves?
Their thoughts and thoughts are all trapped by themselves! "
As she spoke, she shook her head. "Since Ye Xuan can hand over the study room, it proves that he has already walked out of this predicament!"
The voice asked again, "What do you plan to do next?"
Mu Niannian shook her head. "He will walk the next path by himself!"
With that, she turned and left.
The voice asked, "You were prepared to make a move before, right?"
Mu Niannian smiled. "The current him doesn't need my help!
That's not right, there is still a problem that needs to be solved for him! "
With that, she turned and arrived in front of the Dao World's cosmic barrier.
What was the world above the Dao World?
No one knew!
Currently, only the plain-dressed woman had broken this cosmic barrier.
Mu Niannian looked at the cosmic barrier in front of her and smiled. "My name is Mu Niannian. Before I die, you are not allowed to come over, okay?"
After a moment of silence, a voice sounded from the depths of the cosmic barrier. "You think too highly of yourself!"
Mu Niannian shook her head and smiled. Suddenly, she opened her palm and a sword appeared in it. She wanted to draw her sword but soon shook her head. "You are not worthy of my sword!"
With that, she gently drew a line with her fingers and the cosmic barrier in front of her split open. A moment later, she rushed in.
A quarter of an hour later, Mu Niannian walked out, and in her hands, there were two bloody heads.
However, her face had turned a little pale.
Mu Niannian threw the two bloody heads aside and shook her head. "Really, you look down on me so much. Besides that plain-dressed woman, who do you think I am afraid of?
Humph … "
...
PS: If everyone still has a ticket … you know what I mean!!!!





Chapter 1241
Behind Mu Niannian, the Cosmos Barrier had already recovered.
Mu Niannian coughed twice. At this moment, a voice rang out beside her, "Your injury has worsened!"
Mu Niannian laughed, "I won't die!"
After she finished speaking, she looked at the distant starry sky and softly said, "Three years of the Fifth Dimension Tribulation, three years … should be enough for him!"
....
The God Palace!
After the Pope returned to the Bloodshed God Palace, all the experts of the Bloodshed God Palace were dispatched!
Dao scriptures!
After learning that the Pope had obtained the Daoist scripture, the entire Bloodshed God Palace was in an uproar!
This was the number one divine item in the Dao World!
However, they also knew that it wasn't an easy task to protect this godly item!
The Pope had just returned to the Bloodshed God Palace when the ancient temple's Governor Elder and the others rushed over. Apart from them, there were also several dozen Self Release realm experts!
Some Itinerant Self Release Realm experts from the Dao World also rushed over after hearing the news!
For a time, more than 90% of the Dao World's Self Release Realm experts had gathered around the Bloodshed God Palace!
Within the Bloodshed God Palace, the Pope's face was extremely unsightly.
At this moment, he became much more clear-headed!
How could the Bloodshed God Palace defend against these Self Release realm experts?
Could it be that he had to hand over the Dao scripture that he had obtained?
He was definitely not reconciled to this!
At this time, the Governor Elder suddenly said, "Pope, you better hand over the item!"
The Pope looked at the Governor Elder and smiled, "Then who should I hand it over to?"
The Governor Elder shook his head, "Don't try to sow discord, Pope!
Before you hand it over, I believe that there will be no internal strife! "
The Pope suddenly looked at Jiang Yu and the others, "Everyone, I said before that after obtaining the Dao Scripture, I would share it with all of you. I still have that thought!"
Jiang Yu looked at the Pope, saying nothing.
The Pope continued, "Everyone should understand one thing, and that is, none of us can possess this Dao Scripture alone. Only by working together can we protect this Dao Scripture!
In other words, we have to be united! "
Jiang Yu suddenly said, "Pope, how do you want us to believe you?"
After a moment of silence, the Pope said, "I can swear to the heavens that if I go back on my promise, then let me die a horrible death!"
Jiang Yu hesitated for a moment, and then he turned around to look at the crowd behind him. "What do you think?"
Everyone fell silent.
In fact, they all knew that no one could possess the Dao Scripture alone.
It could only be shared!
Jiang Yu understood the meaning of the crowd. He looked at the Pope, and the Pope looked at the Governor Elder and the others. "This sharing does not include you and your group!"
As he spoke, his eyes were filled with killing intent!
An ancient temple!
If there was no ancient temple, he would still have a chance to take the scriptures for himself. At the very least, he could only share the scriptures with Jiang Yu!
Now, he wanted the Dao World's Self Release Realm experts to fight with the ancient temple.
To him, the fewer Dao World Self Release experts there were, the better!
The Self Release Realm experts gazed at the Governor Elder and the others. They naturally rejected the ancient temple because it didn't belong to the Dao World and belonged to an outsider power!
The Governor Elder's face darkened.
At this time, the Pope suddenly said, "Kill!"
With that, he dashed towards the Governor Elder!
The other Self Release Realm experts also charged at the Governor Elder and the others!
The Governor Elder's expression changed, and he quickly said, "Retreat!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he led the sadhus of the ancient temple to turn around and run!
The Pope still wanted to chase, but the other Self Release experts did not give chase!
They weren't idiots, so why would they give chase?
After all, the people of the ancient temple were all at the upper Self Release Realm!
They just had to drive them away!
All they had to do was drive them away!
Once the people of the ancient temple fled, all the Self Release Realm experts gazed at the Pope.
The Pope remained silent for a moment before he took out the book. At this moment, everyone's gazes converged onto the book.
The Pope placed his right hand on the book and slowly exerted force. It didn't take long for the book to start trembling!
A while later, the Pope frowned because he noticed that the book actually showed no signs of opening.
Jiang Yu suddenly said, "Don't hold back!"
The Pope nodded and started to exert force. However, there was still no movement from the book!
The Pope frowned and sized up the book. A short while later, his face fell, "There's a restriction!"
Jiang Yu walked over to his side, "Was it done by Ye Xuan?"
The Pope shook his head, "He doesn't have the ability to do so. It was probably left behind by Ye Qingzhi!"
Jiang Yu spoke solemnly, "Can it be destroyed by force?"
The Pope sized up the book again and shook his head, "I'm afraid not!
If it really was a restriction set up by Ye Qingzhi, if we destroy it by force, what if … "
At this point, he didn't continue speaking.
However, everyone understood what he meant!
If they destroyed it by force and something happened to the book, everyone would be in trouble.
At this moment, Jiang Yu suddenly said, "Ye Xuan!"
The Pope spoke solemnly, "He should be able to solve it!
Let's go! "
With that, he led everyone and disappeared!
They went to find Ye Xuan once again!
A monk suddenly appeared here when all of them vanished, and he glanced at them before vanishing as well.
...
Sixth Dimension, under the sacred mountain. At this moment, the Governor Elder's expression was very ugly!
He had worked for the Dao World for nothing!
Now, the ancient temple was facing a huge problem, and that was the Dao World's revenge!
If the Dao World broke through because of the Dao Scripture …
Thinking of this, the Governor Elder's expression became even uglier. He couldn't let the Dao World cultivate the Dao Scripture!
Moreover, the ancient temple's precious Buddhist Scripture was in there. Once the Dao World comprehended the Buddhist Scripture, the ancient temple wouldn't be a match for the Dao World!
It could be said that the ancient temple had reached a moment of life and death!
At this moment, he suddenly regretted not joining forces with Ye Xuan!
At least, Ye Xuan wouldn't be a threat to the ancient temple in a short period of time!
Now, the Dao World's threat to the ancient temple was fatal!
At this moment, a monk suddenly appeared in front of the Governor Elder and whispered a few words. Soon, the Governor Elder suddenly laughed, and the gloominess from before was swept away.
The Dao World couldn't open the Dao Scripture!
Upon hearing this, the Governor Elder almost burst out laughing!
It couldn't be opened!
If they couldn't open the book, wouldn't it be equivalent to not obtaining it?
But very quickly, his expression darkened again!
Because all the experts of the Dao World had gone to find Ye Xuan!
Ye Xuan could open it!
At this thought, the Governor Elder's expression changed, and he hurriedly said, "Gather everyone to the Fifth Dimension and protect Ye Xuan!"
After saying that, he left with the few sadhus beside him. Inside the ancient temple, several powerful auras soared into the sky …
At this moment, the Governor Elder only had one thought. He couldn't let Ye Xuan fall into the hands of the Dao World.
...
In the Fifth Dimension.
Ye Xuan suddenly walked out of the room. At this moment, he had a head full of white hair. Fortunately, his face was still the same, and there were no wrinkles.
Ye Xuan looked up at the horizon, and the corners of his mouth curled up.
He was in a good mood!
His heart was at ease!
At this moment, his Sword Dao attainment had reached a state of ease.
Ye Xuan suddenly pointed with his fingers, and a wisp of sword-light suddenly appeared in the clouds at the end of the horizon. The sword-light flew like a meteor.
His heart was at ease, and his sword was at ease!
Although his current realm hadn't reached Self Release, his Sword Dao attainment had.
However, he now had a fatal problem, and that was his lifespan. His current lifespan was less than a year!
It could be said that if he didn't break through his realm as soon as possible, he would die on the spot in a year!
In addition, there was another problem, and that was the problem of his realm. Previously, in order to fight against the enemy, he had forcefully broken through to the Origin Returning Realm. It had to be said that there were still many drawbacks, and the biggest drawback was that his realm was unstable!
In short, there were many problems!
Of course, there was a bigger problem now, and that was the Dao World!
Ye Xuan looked up at the horizon and said softly, "It's about time!"
As soon as he said that, powerful auras suddenly appeared at the end of the horizon!
Upon seeing this, Ye Xuan smiled and said, "They came really quickly!"
In fact, he had already expected that the Dao World would return. Why?
Because the people of the Dao World definitely couldn't open the study room!
Since they couldn't open it, they would definitely come to find him again!
At this time, Guan Yin appeared beside Ye Xuan, and there was a trace of worry in her eyes. Ye Xuan smiled and said, "It's fine, I'll deal with them!"
After saying that, he turned into a sword light and shot into the sky. Soon, he arrived in the starry sky.
In front of him were the Pope and the other Self Release Realm experts!
Upon seeing the Pope and the others, Ye Xuan smiled.
Clearly, the negotiations between the Dao World and the ancient temple had broken down!
The Pope looked at Ye Xuan and said, "Open the study room!
Otherwise … "
"Otherwise what?"
At this time, a voice suddenly came from behind the Pope and the others. The Pope turned and saw that it was the Governor Elder and the others!
Beside the Governor Elder, there were a total of eight ascetics and three monks!
The eight ascetics were all at the Self Release Realm, and the remaining three monks were all at the Self Release One Realm!
There were a total of 12 people!
Seeing this scene, the Pope and the others' expressions turned somewhat ugly!
What was the origin of this ancient temple?
There were actually so many Self Release Realm experts!
Based on the current situation, the ancient temple had even more top-rate experts than the Godpalace and Immortal Pavilion!
The Governor Elder glanced coldly at the Pope, "Pope, aren't you embarrassed to bully the weak?"
The Pope remained expressionless, "Didn't the Governor Elder bully the weak as well?"
The Governor Elder grunted coldly, and then he gazed at Ye Xuan, "Young Master Ye, don't worry. No one can force you while my ancient temple is here!"
The Pope's eyes narrowed slightly. Obviously, the ancient temple didn't want Ye Xuan to help them open the study room!
Meanwhile, Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Governor Elder, I … I should help them open the study room!"
Everyone gazed at Ye Xuan when they heard this, and even the Pope was quite stunned. When did Ye Xuan become so nice?
The Governor Elder's expression changed when he heard Ye Xuan, "What are you thinking!?"
Ye Xuan smiled with embarrassment, "Governor Elder, look! There are over 30 Self Release Realm experts!
I can't defeat them!
If I don't open the study room for them, then they'll definitely use the lives of my friends to threaten me. I …. "
The Governor Elder pressed his palms together, "Young Master Ye, don't be afraid. With my ancient temple here, the Dao World can dream of touching a hair on your head!
Today, Young Master Ye lives as long as my ancient temple is here! "
The others were speechless.
Ye Xuan was speechless.
....





Chapter 1242
Hearing the Governor Elder's words, the faces of the Pope and the rest darkened.
On the other hand, the expressions of Guan Yin and the others became extremely strange!
How did the ancient temple change so quickly?
Previously, they wanted to get rid of Ye Xuan like crazy!
On the other side, Qian Mo looked at Ye Xuan. At this moment, she suddenly thought of someone.
Fifth-Dimensional Tendo!
Could this guy be related to the Fifth-Dimensional Tendo?
Both of them were so good at conning people!
At first, she felt that handing over the book house was a foolish move. But now, it seemed like it was a wise move!
Handing over the book house would separate the ancient temple from the Dao World!
Qian Mo glanced at Ye Xuan. It seemed like she had to be more careful with this guy in the future!
Not far away, the Pope looked at the Governor Elder, "Sir, does your ancient temple want to become enemies with the entire Dao World?"
The Governor Elder smiled, "Think about it. If you guys comprehend the Dao Scripture, will you let my ancient temple go?"
The Pope looked at the Governor Elder, not saying a word.
The Governor Elder looked at Ye Xuan, "We know what Young Master Ye is worried about, but I guarantee to Young Master Ye that no one can touch Young Master Ye today!"
The Pope suddenly sneered, "With just you?"
The governing elder looked at the Self Release experts behind the Pope and smiled. "Everyone, if our two sides fight, my ancient temple might lose, but many of you will definitely die.
If I were the Pope, I would use this opportunity to reduce the number of Self Release experts by my side. This way, there will be fewer people to share the Dao Scripture with. "
Saying this, he looked at the Pope, "What do you think, Pope?"
The Pope sneered, "You want to sow discord between us?"
The Governor Elder smiled, "Sow discord?
Pope, the people behind you are not fools. Do you think they will be used by you? "
The Pope looked at Jiang Yu and the rest, "If we don't deal with the ancient temple, we won't be able to open the book house to obtain the Dao Scripture!"
Everyone was silent.
At this moment, they were in a difficult position!
They knew that if they didn't get rid of the ancient temple, they wouldn't be able to obtain the scripture. However, if they fought the ancient temple, most of them would die!
Besides, once they make their move, Ye Xuan will join forces with the ancient temple. At that time, both sides will perish together!
This Ye Xuan cannot be underestimated!
Seeing that everyone was silent, the Pope's face turned even uglier!
Meanwhile, Ye Xuan suddenly walked over to the Governor Elder's side, and he hesitated for a moment before he said, "Grandmaster, I think I should open the study room for them!
In any case, I, Ye Xuan, don't want the bookstore. I just hope that everyone can give me a way out! "
The Governor Elder glanced at Ye Xuan, "Young Master Ye, don't pretend with this old monk. This old monk knows what you're thinking, and so does the Pope!"
Ye Xuan's face was filled with black lines. They were all cunning old foxes!
In the distance, the Pope suddenly said, "Young Master Ye, I think we can talk!"
Talk!
The Pope suddenly understood something. What if Ye Xuan was willing to open the study room for them?
Once Ye Xuan was willing to stand on the side of the Dao World, what could the ancient temple do?
Although the strength of the Fifth Dimension was inferior to the Dao World and the ancient temple, it still couldn't be underestimated. Once Ye Xuan helped the Dao World, the ancient temple couldn't do anything!
Hearing the Pope's words, everyone suddenly understood that Ye Xuan was the key!
If Ye Xuan helped the Dao World, what could the ancient temple do?
The ancient temple could only watch!
The ancient temple naturally understood this. He looked at Ye Xuan, "Young Master Ye, the Dao World has the ambition of wolves!
They wanted to slaughter the entire Fifth Dimension! "
The Pope sneered, "Didn't you say that Young Master Ye is the greatest threat and should be eliminated quickly?
Was it you, Governor Elder? "
The Governor Elder said coldly, "Of course!
Now, my ancient temple will live and die with Young Master Ye! "
Live and die with him!
Ye Xuan's eyelids twitched when he heard this. This old monk is really good at bullsh * tting!
He's even talking about living and dying with him!
The Pope gazed at the Governor Elder, "Master, you're not part of this world. How could you speak such shameless words?"
The Governor Elder pressed his palms together, "Pope, no matter what you say today, my ancient temple will stand firmly on Young Master Ye's side!"
The Pope stared fixedly at the Governor Elder. If his gaze could kill, then the Governor Elder would have probably died a hundred times!
Meanwhile, Jiang Yu suddenly looked at Ye Xuan, "Young Master Ye, what do you think?"
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment and said, "I'm afraid of death!"
Afraid of death!
The eyelids of everyone here twitched when they heard this. They naturally didn't believe Ye Xuan's nonsense!
Is this fellow afraid of death?
As far as they were concerned, Ye Xuan wasn't afraid of death!
Meanwhile, Jiang Yu suddenly said, "Young Master Ye, none of us here are stupid, and we're clearly aware of what Young Master Ye is thinking. I hope that Young Master Ye is aware of what we're thinking as well!"
Ye Xuan fell silent.
He knew that it wasn't very realistic to want the ancient temple and the Dao World to perish together!
Moreover, the slightest mistake might cause the ancient temple to join forces with the Dao World again!
When he thought up to this point, Ye Xuan smiled and said, "I know what all of you are thinking. However, I'm powerless against this study room!"
Jiang Yu frowned slightly, "What do you mean?"
Ye Xuan gazed at the Pope, "Pope, lend me the study room!"
The Pope gazed at Ye Xuan in silence.
Meanwhile, Jiang Yu suddenly said, "Give it to him!"
The Pope fell silent for a moment, and then he pointed with his finger, and the study room flew over to Ye Xuan.
Meanwhile, the Governor Elder spoke abruptly, "Young Master Ye, I think that the cooperation you spoke of is very feasible. Let's join forces to protect the study room, and then we'll share it!"
Ye Xuan glanced at the Governor Elder. Dammit! This old monk is talking about cooperation now!
It's too late!
Ye Xuan gazed at the Pope and the others, and he smiled, "Don't worry, I don't have any other intentions. I just want to show all of you!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he issued a command in his heart, and the study room in his hand started to tremble. It didn't take long for a voice to drift out from within it, "Host, your strength is insufficient. It won't be opened!"
It won't be opened!
Everyone here frowned when they heard this.
The Pope gazed at Ye Xuan, "What do you mean?"
Ye Xuan smiled, "I mean that my strength isn't sufficient, so I can't open it."
The Pope's eyes narrowed slightly, "Give it back to me!"
Ye Xuan didn't give it back to the Pope. Instead, he pointed with his finger, and the study room flew over to Jiang Yu.
The Pope was instantly enraged, "Ye Xuan, you …"
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Your Holiness, is there any difference between giving it to you and giving it to Pavilion Master Jiang?"
The Pope stared fixedly at Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan smiled, "I don't think there's any difference!"
Jiang Yu glanced at Ye Xuan, and then he looked at the Pope, "Don't worry, Pope. I won't take this study room for myself. Once it's opened, I promise to share it with all of you!"
The Self Release Realm experts around Jiang Yu hurriedly nodded.
Actually, compared to the Pope, they were more willing to leave the study room in Jiang Yu's hands.
Because Jiang Yu seemed more reliable!
The Pope suddenly smiled, "Ye Xuan, since you can't open the study room, then you're useless.
Right? "
Ye Xuan smiled, "It's like this!
If Your Holiness wants to make a move, you can do it at any time! "
The Pope looked at the Governor Elder, "Now you won't interfere, right?"
The Governor Elder was silent.
Obviously, he didn't want to interfere!
Since Ye Xuan couldn't open the study room, the Ancient Temple naturally had no reason to interfere.
Now, he wanted Ye Xuan to die!
At this moment, Ye Xuan's voice suddenly sounded in his mind, "Governor Elder, do you really think I can't open it?"
Hearing this, the Governor Elder's eyelids twitched, and he looked at Ye Xuan as if he was looking at a monster.
Hearing this, the Governor Elder's eyelids twitched, and he looked at Ye Xuan as if he was looking at a monster.
In front of Ye Xuan, the Pope suddenly wanted to make a move. At this moment, the Governor Elder suddenly shouted angrily, "Stop!"
Stop!
Everyone looked at the Governor Elder. The Governor Elder glanced at Ye Xuan, then looked at the Pope, "Your Holiness, this old monk said that our ancient temple will advance and retreat together with Young Master Ye!"
The Pope frowned. "Is there something wrong with you?
Didn't you hear what he said?
He can't open the study room! "
The old monk stared at the Pope, "Buddha is merciful!"
Merciful!
The Pope was so angry that he laughed, "Merciful?
Old monk, what are you talking about?
Merciful?
Are you kidding me? "
Jiang Yu and the rest had a strange look on their faces.
Merciful!
This old monk actually said something about merciful!
What the hell!
The Governor Elder said calmly, "Your Holiness, God is merciful. With our ancient temple here, don't even think of touching Young Master Ye today!"
In fact, he wasn't sure if Ye Xuan could open the study room!
But he had no choice, and he didn't dare to gamble!
What if Ye Xuan could really open it?
At that time, the ancient temple would be finished!
So, he could only choose to help Ye Xuan.
The Pope suddenly wanted to speak, but at this time, Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Everyone, I feel that the most urgent matter right now is to quickly return and think of a way to open the study room. Because according to what I know, that Patriarch Di Linyuan should have already obtained some secrets of the Dao Scriptures from that plain-dressed woman."
Jiang Yu frowned, "What do you mean?"
Ye Xuan smiled, "What I mean is, if Di Linyuan breaks through, do you think he will let you read the Dao Scriptures?"
Jiang Yu said in a low voice, "There is also a possibility that the plain-dressed woman is still alive!"
Ye Xuan looked at Jiang Yu, "Do you dare to gamble?"
Dare to gamble?
Jiang Yu was silent.
He didn't dare to gamble!
If Di Linyuan was really alive, and he reached Self Release or above, then they would all die!
Ye Xuan smiled, "Everyone, although the Prophet is a genius, forgive me for speaking bluntly, but all of you aren't inferior to him!
I believe that after everyone returns to the Dao World, if you can gather some special people or array masters, then there will definitely be a way to break the restrictions of the study room.
So, rather than fighting me and the ancient temple to the death, why don't we go back and think of a way to open the study room and obtain the Dao Scriptures? "
The Pope stared fixedly at Ye Xuan, "If you don't die, we won't be able to rest easy!"
Ye Xuan smiled, and then he said, "If you obtain the Dao Scriptures and reach Self Release or above, wouldn't killing me be as easy as snapping a finger?"
The Pope still wanted to say something, but Jiang Yu suddenly said, "Return to the Dao World!"
With that, he led all the Self Release Realm experts and left!
Now that the study room was in Jiang Yu's hands, he had the right to speak!
And he didn't have that much hatred towards Ye Xuan!
The Pope's expression was slightly unsightly!
Ye Xuan looked at the Pope, and then he smiled, "Does the Pope want to challenge all of us?"
The Pope stared fixedly at Ye Xuan, and then he turned and disappeared into the horizon.
After the Pope and the others left, the Governor Elder looked at Ye Xuan, "Young master Ye, can you really open that study room?"
Ye Xuan's lips curled up, "Master, guess!"
The Governor Elder, "…"
...
PS: There are always readers sending me messy things in private … I'm really not that kind of person, so don't send it to me!
Especially don't send it in the group, this kind of thing has a bad influence, do you understand what I mean?





Chapter 1243
Make a guess!
The Governor Elder looked at Ye Xuan without saying a word.
Could Ye Xuan open the study room?
He was not sure!
Ye Xuan was very cunning!
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Master, what you need to think about now is that we have time!"
The Governor Elder frowned. "What do you mean?"
Ye Xuan rolled his eyes at the Governor Elder. "First, they can't open the study room for now. Second, we have more time to think about how to deal with them!
What do you think? "
The Governor Elder hesitated for a moment and said, "What should we do if they manage to open the study room in a short period of time?"
Ye Xuan said seriously, "That's why we have to hurry!
We have to snatch it back before they open the study room! "
Snatch it back!
The Governor Elder looked at Ye Xuan. "Do you think you can snatch it back?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Are we just going to sit here and wait for death?"
The Governor Elder was silent.
Ye Xuan said, "I have a way to snatch it back."
The Governor Elder looked at Ye Xuan. "What way?"
Ye Xuan said, "You should know that the study room has recognized me as its owner. I have a spiritual connection with it, so I can sense where it is."
The Governor Elder shook his head. "So what?
Even if you know where it is, you can't snatch it back! "
Ye Xuan smiled. "What if we work together?"
The Governor Elder was silent.
Ye Xuan added, "Governor Elder, I hope you understand one thing. The Taoist Scriptures and the Buddhist Scriptures are in the hands of the World of Tao. If we don't work together, we will all die in the end!"
The Governor Elder looked at Ye Xuan. "Young Master Ye, I'm afraid of you!
You have too many tricks up your sleeves! "
Ye Xuan shrugged. "If that's the case, Governor Elder, let's part ways here!"
Then, he turned around and left.
At this time, the Governor Elder suddenly said, "Young master Ye, please wait!"
Ye Xuan looked at the Governor Elder and smiled, "Governor Elder, is there anything I can help you with?"
The Governor Elder said solemnly, "Young master Ye, I think we can work together!"
Ye Xuan said with smile: "I need to see the abbot of the ancient temple!"
The Governor Elder frowned, "What does Young Master Ye mean?"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "Governor Elder, you're too timid and don't have enough courage. I don't want to talk to you."
The Governor Elder looked at Ye Xuan without saying a word.
Ye Xuan was about to speak when the space in front of the Governor Elder suddenly split open, and then a white-robed old monk walked out!
Seeing this white-robed old monk, the Governor Elder hurriedly bowed respectfully. "Abbot!"
The person who came was the abbot of the ancient temple!
The abbot looked at Ye Xuan and smiled, "Young master Ye, shall we talk?"
Ye Xuan smiled, "Sure!"
The abbot made an inviting gesture.
Ye Xuan also made an inviting gesture, and then the two of them walked into the depths of the starry sky.
On the way, the abbot suddenly said, "Young Master Ye, you're so young, but not only have you achieved Freedom of Mind in swordsmanship, your wisdom is also unparalleled in the world. You're truly one of the best in the world!"
Ye Xuan looked at the abbot, feeling a little shocked. The abbot actually saw through his current attainments in swordsmanship!
One must know that the Governor Elder, the Pope, and the others did not see through it!
The abbot said with a smile, "Young Master Ye, I'm very curious about something. I hope Young Master Ye can enlighten me!"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Abbot, please speak!"
The abbot said softly, "As far as I know, there are some mysterious powerhouses behind Young Master Ye. These people have mysterious origins and are very powerful!
But why did no one come forward to help Young Master Ye this time? "
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Abbot, why don't you take a guess!"
The abbot shook his head and smiled, "I can't guess!"
Ye Xuan chuckled, "Abbot, my family told me to rely on myself for everything."
Rely on himself!
The abbot fell silent.
He naturally understood the meaning behind Ye Xuan's words. He was saying that there was someone behind Ye Xuan, and the reason why they did not take action was purely to train him, Ye Xuan!
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Abbot, there's something I don't understand too!"
The abbot chuckled, "Young Master Ye, please speak!"
Ye Xuan looked at the abbot, "It's said that ancient temples are very mysterious. Can Abbot tell me more about them?"
The abbot fell silent.
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "You can't say?"
The abbot chuckled and said, "Since Young Master Ye is asking, then I can tell Young Master Ye.
Young Master Ye should know that our ancient temples are all outsiders. Everyone practices the Buddhist Dharma, and we come from the Brahma Heaven Realm. The Brahma Heaven Realm is also known as the Realm of Ultimate Bliss. "
Ye Xuan frowned slightly, "Brahma Heaven Realm?
Above the Dao World? "
The abbot shook his head, "No!"
Ye Xuan said, "Please enlighten me, Abbot."
The abbot nodded, "There should be four places in this universe that Young Master Ye doesn't understand.
The first is the Brahma Heaven Realm. That is the birthplace of the Buddhist Dharma. Not to mention Young Master Ye, no one in the Dao World knows about this realm.
The second is above the Dao World. Above the Dao World is the Godly Kingdom of Xumi. It is an ancient country that has been passed down for nearly a million years. This country's royal family has the legendary ancestral blood, which is the ancestor of all bloodlines. The power of their bloodline is close to invincible … "
Saying this, he glanced at Ye Xuan, "Of course, Young Master Ye's bloodline is also extremely powerful!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Between my bloodline and this ancestral blood, which is more powerful?"
After a moment of silence, the abbot shook his head, "I don't know!
However, according to this old monk's guess, it should be the ancestral blood! "
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Why?"
The abbot said softly, "The ancestral blood suppresses all bloodlines. I'm afraid Young Master Ye's bloodline can't surpass the ancestral blood. Of course, I don't know the specifics. In the future, Young Master Ye might have the opportunity to see this ancestral blood!"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Abbot, continue!"
The abbot said again, "The third place is the legendary Ascension Platform. It is said that this Ascension Platform is a world of its own, and inside this world is the Saha World. Rumor has it that the Dao Scriptures came from this world, and through this Ascension Platform, one can reach the Saha World.
However, this Ascension Platform is extremely mysterious, because no one knows where it is! "
Ascension Platform!
Ye Xuan nodded slightly and made a mental note of this place, then asked, "What about the last place?"
The abbot said softly, "The legendary Milky Way Realm."
Ye Xuan frowned slightly, "The legendary Milky Way Realm?
Where is it? "
The Abbot smiled, "I don't know the specifics, but according to the scriptures of the ancient temple, the Milky Way Realm is a very mysterious place. The reason why it's mysterious is because every once in a while, a few geniuses will appear in our universe. And these geniuses' behavior is very strange, very different from the people of our world. Whether it's the way they speak or the way they act, they are very different from us.
And their thinking is also very strange … According to the records of the ancient temple's records, these people with strange behaviors all come from the Milky Way Realm, and they all call themselves Transmigrators! "
Transmigrators!
Ye Xuan blinked, "Transmigrators?
What do you mean? "
The abbot clasped his hands together, "They are Transmigrators!
These people's luck is often extremely heaven-defying, and their cultivation and fortuitous encounters are beyond our imagination. It is like cheating!
However, they are often suppressed by the Tendo, because in the eyes of the Tendo, they are outsiders, illegal residents.
However, there are also some Transmigrators who are extremely powerful and kill the Tendo … In short, they are a very special group of people. "
As he said that, he looked at Ye Xuan, "Actually, in the beginning, our ancient temple also thought that Young Master Ye is such a person, but later we found out that Young Master Ye is not such a person!"
Ye Xuan was a little puzzled, "Why do you say so?"
The abbot said with a smile, "If Young Master Ye is such a person, the Tendo of the Five Dimensions will never help Young Master Ye!
Also, Young Master Ye's fate and karma is in this universe, we can still be sure of this! "
Ye Xuan was silent.
At this moment, he thought of a person.
The little girl with horns on her head!
That little girl's behavior was very strange!
Her clothes were also strange!
Her speech was even more strange!
That fellow couldn't be from the Milky Way Realm, right?
And that little white fellow!
That little white fellow was also a little strange!
The abbot suddenly said, "Actually, there is another place, but I don't know whether that place exists or not."
Ye Xuan collected his thoughts and looked at the abbot, "What place?"
The abbot said in a deep voice, "The underworld!"
"The underworld?"
Ye Xuan frowned slightly, "What place?"
The abbot said softly, "The world we are in now is the world of the living, but it is said that there is another world, the underworld.
And this underworld is right beside us, but we can't step into that world because it doesn't belong to us. And the people from that world can't enter our world either.
Unless … "
At this point, he suddenly stopped talking.
Ye Xuan was curious, "Unless what?"
The abbot looked at Ye Xuan, "Only those who can see through all the obstacles in the world can see the underworld. So far, I have not seen such a person.
However, the world is divided into Yin and Yang. Since we belong to the world of the living, then the underworld might also exist! "
The underworld!
Ye Xuan fell silent.
It seemed like he would have to ask Mu Niannian or the plain-dressed woman sometimes!
Among the people he knew, only these two people might know if the underworld existed in this world!
At this moment, the abbot suddenly said, "Young Master Ye, can we talk about how to deal with the Dao World now?"
Ye Xuan collected his thoughts and said with a smile, "Of course!
Abbot, my idea is very simple. We can't let the Dao World open the bookstore to cultivate the Daoist and Buddhist scriptures inside. What do you think? "
The abbot nodded, "I have the same idea as Young Master Ye!"
Ye Xuan looked at the abbot and said with a smile, "I know the ancient temple is afraid of me, but based on the current situation, the Dao World is the greatest threat to us. What do you think, abbot?"
The abbot said with a smile, "Young Master Ye, don't worry. While we are working together, the ancient temple will not do anything detrimental to Young Master Ye!"
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "That's good!
Abbot, to be honest, I have a way to take back the bookstore, but I need to reach the Self Release realm to have the confidence to take back the bookstore. Moreover, after taking it back, I can open the bookstore. "
The abbot fell silent.
Ye Xuan said again, "Once I take back the bookstore, I will immediately open the bookstore and then we can share it. During this period, we also need to work together because the Dao World will definitely not let us open the bookstore just like that."
The abbot looked at Ye Xuan, "The premise is that Young Master Ye reaches the Self Release realm!
Is that right? "
Ye Xuan nodded.
The abbot stared at Ye Xuan, "When will Young Master Ye reach the Self Release realm?"
Ye Xuan looked at the abbot and said seriously, "Master, you have to help me!"
The abbot clasped his hands together, "Amitabha, Young Master Ye, your tricks are deep!"
Ye Xuan, "…"
...





Chapter 1244
At this moment, a trace of fear arose in the abbot's heart.
This Ye Xuan's scheme was truly too good!
Moreover, the ancient temple couldn't refuse!
As if knowing what the abbot was thinking, Ye Xuan suddenly smiled and said, "Master, do you believe in me or the Dao World?"
The abbot was silent.
Ye Xuan said, "When I, Ye Xuan, do things, if people don't betray me, then I won't betray them!"
The abbot pressed his palms together. "Young Master Ye, if you reach Self Release, can you really take back that study?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "I can!"
The abbot nodded. "Young Master Ye, can we meet at the ancient temple?"
Ye Xuan pressed his palms together. "Abbot, I have a presumptuous request!"
The abbot looked at Ye Xuan. "Young Master Ye, please speak!"
Ye Xuan waved his right hand. The two red-robed monks he had trapped in the Prison Pagoda appeared in front of the abbot.
The abbot was a little surprised. "Young Master Ye, what are you doing?"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Returning these two masters to the ancient temple!"
The abbot looked at Ye Xuan for a moment and then smiled. "Thank you, Young Master Ye!"
Two upper Self Release Realm experts were still extremely important to the ancient temple!
Ye Xuan glanced below and said, "Master, I have some friends who have already reached Half-step Self Release. I believe that the ancient temple has a way to help them break through to Self Release, right?"
For the ancient temple to have so many upper Self Release Realm experts, this definitely wasn't just a matter of talent!
In many cases, besides talent and hard work, one also needed a good platform.
Otherwise, no matter how good one's talent or hard work was, it could all be wasted!
The abbot was silent for a long time and then said softly, "Young Master Ye, to tell you the truth, my ancient temple does indeed have this ability!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "The ancient temple is afraid of me, so it won't help them break through, right?"
The abbot shook his head. "Just the opposite."
Ye Xuan was a little surprised. "What do you mean?"
The abbot smiled faintly, "Young Master Ye didn't forget the people around him at this time. This is enough to prove that Young Master Ye is a person who values friendship and righteousness. I am very assured that our ancient temple will ally with Young Master Ye."
As he spoke, he looked below, "I will have the Inherited Martial Monk head to the lower realms and have him help everyone break through to the Self Release realm!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Thank you!"
The abbot glanced at the two red-robed monks not far away, "Just take it as thanks to Young Master Ye for not killing us!"
As he spoke, he looked at Ye Xuan, "Young master Ye, as for you, your realm is not stable right now. If you want to break through, you must come with me to the ancient temple to study my ancient temple's scriptures, stabilize your realm, and then try to break through to Self Release!"
Ye Xuan thought about it and nodded. "Thank you very much!"
The abbot smiled and said, "Young master Ye, please!"
Ye Xuan smiled, "Let me explain!"
As he spoke, he turned and looked at Guan Yin not far away, "Don't worry, also, Miss Guan, you are very talented, so don't waste it!
Take this chance! "
Guan Yin looked at Ye Xuan and nodded, "Okay!"
As she said this, she paused and then said, "Will you come back?"
Actually, what she was most afraid of was that Ye Xuan wouldn't come back.
Ye Xuan already had the strength to leave this universe, so she could too. However, she couldn't bring the Spirit Yin race away!
Ye Xuan smiled, "Of course!"
Guan Yin nodded, "We will wait for you to come back!"
Ye Xuan looked at An Lanxiu and Zhang Wenxiu who were rushing over, "Reach Self Release!"
An Lanxiu nodded, "Definitely!"
Seven looked at Ye Xuan, "I will definitely be faster than you!"
Ye Xuan, "…"
Zhang Wenxiu walked in front of Ye Xuan, "Be careful!"
Ye Xuan smiled, "I know, don't worry, I will come back once I reach Self Release!
I said before that I will live and die with the five-dimensional universe. "
Zhang Wenxiu nodded, "Okay!"
Ye Xuan turned and looked at the abbot, "Abbot, let's go!"
The abbot nodded, "Okay!"
Very quickly, Ye Xuan, the abbot, and the others disappeared into the starry sky.
At this moment, Seven suddenly said, "Will those bald donkeys play any tricks?"
Guan Yin said, "They will!"
Everyone looked at Guan Yin and Guan Yin said softly, "They can let Ye Xuan break through here, but they want Ye Xuan to go to the ancient temple. They definitely have a plan!"
Hearing this, worry appeared in the eyes of all the girls.
Guan Yin said, "Don't be afraid, they have more tricks up their sleeves. The ancient temple won't be able to take advantage of them!"
All the girls, "…"
...
Ye Xuan, the abbot, and the others arrived at the sixth dimension.
Not long later, they arrived at the foot of the mountain. The abbot didn't fly into the ancient temple directly, instead, he led Ye Xuan and the others towards the ancient temple!
Ye Xuan suddenly asked, "Abbot, didn't you say that outsiders aren't allowed to enter the ancient temple?"
The abbot smiled, "You can make an exception!"
Exception!
Ye Xuan smiled. He raised his head and looked at the ancient temple. One had to say that he was quite curious!
This was because the ancient temple was very mysterious. He wanted to see what was so mysterious about it.
Not long later, they walked halfway up the mountain and the abbot suddenly said, "Young Master Ye, are you interested in Buddhism?"
Buddhism!
At this moment, the voice from the ninth floor sounded in Ye Xuan's mind, "Kid, he wants you to become a monk, haha …"
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Master, what is Buddhism?"
The abbot smiled, "Young Master Ye, you can understand it when the time comes!"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Alright, I can understand it."
As they spoke, they arrived at the ancient temple's mountain gate. The mountain gate wasn't big and was very simple. There were two stone pillars and a signboard with the words' ancient temple 'written on it. It was very simple.
Behind the stone gate was a Xiao Dao made of gravel. At the end of the Xiao Dao was a temple. The temple wasn't big, nor was it glorious. It was just a simple temple.
The abbot led Ye Xuan towards the temple. Along the way, Ye Xuan saw some monks. When these monks saw the abbot, they would stop and bow.
One had to say that Ye Xuan was a little shocked!
Because the monks he saw were at least at the Self Release Realm!
Self Release Realm walking around like dogs?
Ye Xuan was incomparably shocked. Was this ancient temple so terrifying?
At this time, a monk wearing a black robe and holding a magic staff walked in front of the abbot. The abbot clasped his hands together, "Zhi Wu, go to the Fifth Dimension and help Young Master Ye's friends break through to the Self Release Realm!"
The black-robed monk looked at Ye Xuan. His gaze was like a sword, incomparably sharp.
There was a sharp killing intent coming from this black-robed monk.
However, he wasn't afraid of this killing intent. He, Ye Xuan, had killed many people!
Zhi Wu looked at Ye Xuan and retracted his gaze. Then, he clasped his hands together and turned to leave.
At this time, the abbot said, "Zhi Wu, when you go down, you must be courteous, understand?"
His voice was a bit heavy, carrying an invisible majesty!
He knew that Ye Xuan had an explosive temper. This guy was too sentimental. If Zhi Wu went down and had an unpleasant encounter with the people of the Fifth Dimension, with this guy's personality, he would definitely explode.
Once Ye Xuan joined the Dao World, it would be extremely disadvantageous to the ancient temple!
Hearing the abbot's words, Zhi Wu nodded and quickly disappeared into the distance.
The abbot looked at Ye Xuan, "Young Master Ye, please!"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Soon, the abbot brought Ye Xuan to a small house. Inside the house, there were only two praying mats.
The abbot said, "Young Master Ye, please!"
Ye Xuan nodded and sat down. The abbot sat in front of him and took out a Buddhist scripture. He opened the first page and said, "Young Master Ye, I will tell you about this Sanzang Scripture. It is divided into three parts. I will tell you about the first part: Reciting as I have heard, the myriad Dharma, the kind heart …"
Ye Xuan's expression became somewhat strange.
This guy wouldn't really want him to become a monk, right?
At this time, the abbot suddenly said, "Young Master Ye, calm your Qi and focus. Don't think too much. This scripture can stabilize Young Master Ye's realm. Young Master Ye, please listen quietly."
Ye Xuan, "…"
...
Dao World.
After Jiang Yu and the others returned to the Dao World, Jiang Yu did not go to the God Palace. Instead, he returned to his old lair, the Immortal Pavilion!
Of course, the Pope and the others followed closely behind him!
Inside the Immortal Pavilion.
Jiang Yu looked at everyone and said, "Everyone, our top priority now is to open this study room. Please rest assured that I, Jiang Yu, am a man of my word. If the study room is opened, everyone will share it and not monopolize it. I don't have the ability to monopolize it."
A Self Release Realm old man nodded slightly, "We naturally believe in Pavilion Master Jiang."
The Pope glanced at Jiang Yu and did not speak.
Jiang Yu spoke in a low voice, "If everyone knows any formation masters or extraordinary people, then feel free to summon them. I refuse to believe that no one can break through the restrictions set up by the prophet!"
As he spoke, he gazed at the Pope and said, "Pope, the God Palace and my Immortal Pavilion have a rather wide network of contacts, so I'll have to trouble you to do so!"
The Pope nodded, "I've already notified the others. Some formation masters and Warlocks of my God Palace are already rushing over!"
Jiang Yu nodded, "That's good!"
The Pope suddenly said, "I still feel that Ye Xuan is a huge threat!"
Everyone looked at the Pope when they heard this. It was very obvious that the Pope still wanted Ye Xuan to die!
Jiang Yu spoke in a low voice, "Pope, you have to understand something. That woman in a plain dress and Di Linyuan might have already obtained the Dao Scripture. Don't tell me that woman and Di Linyuan pose a greater threat than Ye Xuan?"
The Pope was silent.
Jiang Yu continued, "Our top priority now is to open the study room and then study the Dao Scripture. We must strive to reach above Self Release Realm before that woman or Di Linyuan. Otherwise, once one of them reaches above Self Release Realm, we will all die!"
A Self Release Realm old man nodded, "Pavilion Master Jiang's words are reasonable. Our top priority now is to open the study room and reach above Self Release Realm!"
The other Self Release Realm experts also nodded.
The Pope and Ye Xuan were mortal enemies, but they did not have that much enmity with Ye Xuan.
In their hearts, the Dao Scripture was the most important!
The Pope glanced at everyone and did not speak again.
If he continued, he would become everyone's enemy!
It was very unwise!
But he knew that Ye Xuan's threat was even greater than Di Linyuan's.
At this time, some people arrived at the Immortal Pavilion one after another. These people were called to break the study room's restrictions!
And among this group of people, there was a woman carrying a roasted fish. She was mixed in the crowd, but no one noticed her because she was too ordinary.
....
PS: I have laid my cards on the table.
Truth be told, I am not an ordinary person. If not for me guarding this world … this world would have perished long ago!
Now, you all cast a monthly vote, that is planting good karma for yourselves. In the future, when this world's spiritual energy collapses and the Dao Laws collapse, I can bring you all away!
Good karma, good karma, a monthly vote is good karma, a profitable business!!!
Why did so many people live ordinary lives?
It was because they often did not grasp opportunities when they should have.
Now, with a monthly vote, their future would be full of laughter.





Chapter 1245
All of them entered the hall, and Jiang Yu had taken the book out. They naturally weren't afraid of others trying to take it from them. After all, they had over 40 Self Release Realm experts here!
Who could take it from them?
Meanwhile, a white haired old man walked over to the book, sized it up, and spoke solemnly, "Pavilion Master Jiang, can I scan it with my divine sense?"
Pavilion Master Jiang nodded, "Of course!"
The white haired old man nodded. His divine sense enveloped the book, but it didn't take long for him to notice that his divine sense couldn't enter the book at all.
The white haired old man frowned slightly and started to use force. Meanwhile, a powerful force suddenly erupted from the book.
Bang!
The powerful force blasted the white haired old man flying out of the hall!
Everyone's expressions changed!
Meanwhile, the white haired old man walked in and looked at the book with an extremely solemn expression, "Pavilion Master Jiang, there's an extremely powerful and violent force within the book. If we use force, then the book will probably be destroyed!"
Pavilion Master Jiang nodded, "We can't use force, so we summoned all of you here. I hope that all of you can think of a way to deal with it. If you can, then we'll definitely reward all of you well!"
The white haired old man spoke solemnly, "We have to study it!
Even the Old Man isn't completely confident! "
Jiang Yu nodded, "The book is right here. All of you can study it!"
The white haired old man and the others nodded, and it didn't take long for them to surround the book.
The woman with the roasted fish in her hand moved over as well. She looked at the book while occasionally nibbling on the roasted fish in her hand. No one knew what she was thinking.
The Self Release Realm experts in the surroundings were extremely vigilant. Even though they weren't afraid of these people harboring ill intent towards them, they didn't dare to be careless.
In next to no time, the hall bustled with noise and excitement.
None of them noticed that the roasted fish in the woman's hand was about to be emptied!
More people were rushing over from outside.
It wasn't just formation masters, there were talisman masters as well …. In short, anyone with some ability had rushed over!
Around 15 minutes later, the woman in the crowd had finished her roasted fish!
The woman dusted her hands and glanced at the surroundings. In the end, her gaze fell on the Pope. The corners of her lips curled up slightly, and she lightly twisted her right hand. In an instant, a strange change occurred. The surroundings suddenly turned pitch-black!
Everyone's expression changed drastically at the sight of this!
A voice resounded abruptly at the instant the surroundings turned pitch black. "Retreat!"
Retreat!
As soon as this voice resounded, the surroundings suddenly returned to normal. However, the study room had vanished!
At this time, a voice suddenly asked, "Where's the Pope?"
Where was the Pope?
Everyone looked at the spot where the Pope had been standing, but at this moment, it was completely empty!
Seeing this, Jiang Yu's eyes almost popped out of their sockets. "Pope!"
With that, he and the rest of the crowd vanished from where they stood, heading straight for the God Palace.
Somewhere in the starry sky, the Pope's expression was incomparably grave because someone had forcefully moved him to this place!
He had no idea how he had been moved to this place!
Who could it be?
The Pope scanned his surroundings. The starry sky around him was very quiet. There was no business, no one.
After a moment of silence, the Pope turned and left.
His intuition told him that something was wrong!
After the Pope left, a woman appeared on the scene.
It was Mu Niannian!
Meanwhile, a voice resounded by Mu Niannian's ear, "You can kill him, right?" Mu Niannian nodded. "Yes!"
The voice said, "Then why didn't you just kill him?"
Mu Niannian smiled and said, "Idiot! If I killed him openly, then wouldn't those fellows from the Dao World join forces to search for me?
Just think about it, they have almost 50 Self Release Realm experts!
Besides that, every single one of them has their own trump cards to protect themselves. Especially the God Palace and Immortal Pavilion. Wouldn't I be in trouble if they called their ancestors over? "
The voice thought for a moment and said, "That seems to be the case!"
Mu Niannian smiled and said, "Besides that, if they notice that I can kill the Pope on my own, then wouldn't they become even more united?"
The voice said, "Yes!"
Mu Niannian grinned, "So, why not let them kill each other?"
The voice said, "Will they kill each other?"
Mu Niannian nodded, "They will!
Because this book house is very important to them! "
The voice said, "Can you open the book house?"
Mu Niannian looked at the book house in her hand and smiled, "What do you think?"
The voice said, "If you can, then why not open the book house and obtain the Dao scripture?"
Mu Niannian smiled and said, "I won't walk the path set by others."
With that, she turned and left.
At this moment, the voice said, "Niannian, is that woman the only one who can make you feel danger?"
Mu Niannian shook her head, "There are many dangers in this universe. It's just that I don't come into contact with them!"
As she spoke, she smiled and said, "You don't think that I'm invincible besides that woman, right?"
The voice said, "Isn't that the case?"
Mu Niannian smiled and said, "If there's nothing wrong with my body …"
As she spoke, she shook her head slightly, "That's meaningless.
Ling 'er, what do you think of Ye Xuan? "
The voice said, "Are you going to give me to him?"
Mu Niannian rolled her eyes at her right and said, "You're not a thing, so how can I say that?
What I want to say is that if you follow him, you'll at least be treated well. Moreover, he knows that little white fellow, so you'll have a great opportunity in the future! "
Ling 'er said, "I'll follow you!"
Mu Niannian shook her head and smiled, "Fine, let's not talk about this for now!"
As she spoke, she seemed to have thought of something and asked, "Logically speaking, you're from that place, so you should have seen many experts!"
After a moment of silence, Ling 'er said, "I haven't seen too many. In any case, in my heart, you're the most powerful!"
Mu Niannian laughed and said, "I really want to go to that place of yours to take a look!
But I have too many things to do! "
Ling 'er hurriedly said, "You can't go."
Mu Niannian smiled and said, "Alright!"
With that, she disappeared into the end of the starry sky.
...
It didn't take long for Jiang Yu's group to arrive at the Bloodshed God Palace, and the expressions of everyone there changed drastically. Because Jiang Yu's group had clearly come with ill intentions!
An old man bowed slightly to Jiang Yu, "Pavilion Master Jiang, what's going on?"
Jiang Yu stared fixedly at the old man, "Where's the Pope?"
The old man was just about to speak when a powerful aura suddenly appeared here, and then a man appeared before them. It was the Pope who'd vanished earlier!
The expressions of all the Self Release Realm experts here turned gloomy when they saw the Pope, and their gazes were hostile.
The Pope frowned slightly, "What's wrong?"
Jiang Yu stared fixedly at the Pope, "Pope, where's the study?"
The Pope's face instantly fell when he heard this, "It's not in my hands!"
Jiang Yu said angrily, "It's not in your hands!
Are you joking? "
All the Self Release Realm experts gazed at the Pope with hostile expressions.
The Pope spoke solemnly, "Brother Jiang, the study really isn't in my hands."
Jiang Yu gazed at the Pope, "You vanished with the study!"
The Pope spoke solemnly, "Someone forcefully teleported me away!"
A mocking smile appeared on Jiang Yu's face, "Forcefully teleported you away?
Pope, aren't you going a bit too far with this joke? "
The Pope's expression was incomparably gloomy, "Brother Jiang, someone is framing me."
Jiang Yu was expressionless, "Why do I feel like you're making things up?"
The Pope: "…"
Jiang Yu suddenly said, "Pope, out of consideration for our many years, I'll give you a chance. Hand over the study, and we can pretend that nothing happened. Otherwise, don't blame us for being impolite!"
The Pope took a deep breath and forcefully suppressed the fury in his heart, "Brother Jiang, don't you know what sort of person I am?
If I really did it, I would definitely admit to it, but I didn't do it. Brother Jiang, someone really is framing us, wanting us to kill each other … "
At this moment, Jiang Yu suddenly said, "Attack!"
After saying this, he charged towards the Pope!
The people behind Jiang Yu also charged out.
Kill the Pope!
At this moment, this was the only thought in their minds.
Anyone who snatched the study would become their mortal enemy!
Seeing Jiang Yu and the others charge over, the Pope's expression instantly changed, and he hurriedly said, "Get out of the formation!"
As soon as he said this, a powerful aura suddenly soared into the sky from within the Bloodshed God Palace. In an instant, the entire horizon was covered by all sorts of golden runes. These golden runes spun rapidly, and rays of golden light constantly shot out!
It had to be said that this formation was very strong, but no matter how strong it was, it could not stop the dozens of Self Release Realm experts present!
In an instant, the formation was destroyed by the combined forces of dozens of experts. At this time, the Pope had already retreated into the Bloodshed God Palace. Beside him were seven Self Release Realm experts, all of them super experts of the Bloodshed God Palace!
At this moment, the expressions of these seven Self Release Realm experts were somewhat unsightly, or rather solemn.
Dozens of Self Release Realm experts!
How could the Bloodshed God Palace resist this?
With the Bloodshed God Palace's current strength, it was impossible to resist so many experts!
Everyone looked towards the Pope!
The Pope glared at the distant Jiang Yu, "Brother Jiang, if I obtained the study, why would I come back and walk right into this trap?
Think about it carefully. Is there nothing strange about this? "
Jiang Yu fiercely said, "Pope, who knows whether or not you are deliberately mystifying things to confuse me?"
An old Self Release Realm expert also said, "Pope, the situation at the time was that you and the study disappeared together!
Just now, you said that someone forcefully teleported you away. Let me ask the Sword Sect, in the current world of dao, who could forcefully teleport you away without anyone knowing?
And now you say that someone is trying to frame you. Let me ask you, who do you think is trying to frame you?
Is it us? "
The Pope solemnly said, "It might be Ye Xuan!"
"Bullshit!"
At this time, Jiang Yu suddenly said angrily, "Pope, that Ye Xuan is far away in the Fifth Dimension. How could he frame you?
In this kind of situation, you still want to frame him? Did that Ye Xuan dig up your ancestral grave? "
The Pope's expression became extremely unsightly, "Brother Jiang, I think it's extremely likely that it's him. You …"
Jiang Yu suddenly said, "Kill!"
After saying this, he directly led everyone towards the Pope!
.....





Chapter 1246
Seeing Jiang Yu and the others rush over, the pope's expression changed drastically.
At this moment, he knew that even if he jumped into the Heavenly River, he would not be able to clear his name.
Someone had framed him, and he had no way of explaining himself!
In fact, this was normal.
Back in the Immortal Pavilion, he had disappeared with the study room. Who else would they suspect if not him?
Thinking of this, the pope did not hesitate and turned to run.
In the blink of an eye, he disappeared into the horizon.
He was very clear that the current Bloodshed God Palace could not stop Jiang Yu and the others. Even if they used all their trump cards, they could not stop so many Self Release Realm experts!
Run!
This was his only way out!
Seeing the pope flee, everyone was dumbfounded!
The people of the Bloodshed God Palace were also dumbfounded!
The pope had abandoned them just like that?
Jiang Yu and the others had a savage look on their faces. What did the pope's escape mean?
It meant that they had definitely taken the study room!
They had a guilty conscience!
Thinking of this, Jiang Yu suddenly said, "After him!"
Then, he led the others in pursuit of the pope.
Seeing Jiang Yu and the others chase after the pope, the experts in the Bloodshed God Palace heaved a sigh of relief. But soon, their expressions turned ugly.
The pope's actions just now were truly heartless!
He had been abandoned just like that!
The experts in the Bloodshed God Palace looked at each other.
At this moment, they had many thoughts!
They could not stay in the Bloodshed God Palace any longer …
...
Soon, the news of the pope stealing the study room spread throughout the entire Dao World. At this moment, all the experts in the Dao World were looking for the pope.
Especially Jiang Yu and the others, they were practically going crazy!
...
Six-Dimensional Universe, Ancient Temple.
Inside the small house, the abbot was still explaining the Tripitaka Scripture to Ye Xuan.
At first, Ye Xuan had a headache listening to it because he really did not have much interest in Buddhist teachings. But soon, he found it interesting.
Buddhist teachings!
This was also a form of knowledge and cultivation. Of course, it did not belong to his Dao, but there was no harm in understanding it!
Moreover, this Tripitaka Scripture could indeed help him stabilize his realm!
Just like that, Ye Xuan also tried to learn. Seeing that Ye Xuan was willing to learn, the abbot's smile widened.
At dawn the next day, the Abbot suddenly put down the scripture in his hand and said, "Young Master Ye, let's have breakfast!"
With that, he got up and left.
Ye Xuan also stood up. At that moment, a young monk walked in. He was about 16 or 17 years old and had some baby fat.
The little monk walked in front of Ye Xuan and took out a set of grey monk robes for Ye Xuan, "Young master Ye, please change into the monk robes and remove the dust on your body!"
Ye Xuan's expression was a little strange. "Little master, I'm not from the ancient temple!"
The little monk put his palms together. "Almsgiver Ye, please do as the Romans do when you enter the temple!"
Ye Xuan was somewhat speechless. Did these guys really want to become monks?
Ye Xuan thought for a moment, then changed into his monk robes. He looked at the little monk and said, "Don't tell me you still want me to shave my head!"
The little monk shook his head. "Young master Ye is thinking too much!
It's not that easy to enter my ancient temple! "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Soon, Ye Xuan was brought to the vegetarian hall by the little monk. It was a very simple and crude vegetarian hall. It was built with a few pieces of wood. The vegetarian food was also very simple, just some porridge and steamed buns.
At this moment, there were already six or seven monks eating.
Among them, he met a familiar person.
It was the old monk who first went to the Fifth Dimension to find him!
Beside the old monk was a woman. She was bald and wore a monk robe. She looked very pretty.
The old monk glanced at Ye Xuan and put his palms together. "Young master Ye!"
Ye Xuan walked to the side of the old monk and said with a smile, "Master, I didn't expect to meet you again!"
The old monk nodded slightly. "It's really hard to say when it comes to fate."
Ye Xuan picked up a steamed bun and smiled. Then he looked at another familiar person, the Governor Elder. "Governor Elder, I feel that the current situation of the ancient temple is very dangerous!"
The Governor Elder glanced at Ye Xuan. "What do you mean?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Once the Dao World opens the study room, we will all die. What do you think?"
The Governor Elder said softly, "Even if they open the study room, they won't be able to reach Soul Release in a short time!"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "They have already reached the limit of Soul Release. For them, they are just missing an opportunity.
And this Dao Scripture is that opportunity! "
The Governor Elder was silent.
Ye Xuan said again, "Governor Elder and everyone here, I know that everyone is afraid of me, Ye Xuan, and feels that I am a threat. I just want to tell everyone that the biggest threat to you now is the Dao World."
The Governor Elder and the others were silent.
Ye Xuan added, "There is really no need to be wary of me. I am a good person!"
The Governor Elder glanced at Ye Xuan. "Young Master Ye, are you a good person?"
Ye Xuan asked with a smile, "Have I done anything evil?"
The Governor Elder was silent.
Although Ye Xuan had killed many people, it did not seem right to say that he was evil beyond redemption.
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Everyone, I will emphasize for the last time that your opponent is the Dao World, not me, Ye Xuan."
As he spoke, he looked at the governor elder. "Governor elder, if you had cooperated with me back then, the Dao Scripture would have been in our hands by now. It was your decision back then that caused the ancient temple to fall into such a passive situation."
Then, he picked up two steamed buns and turned to leave.
At that moment, the old monk suddenly said, "Young Master Ye."
Ye Xuan turned to look at the old monk. "What can I do for you, Master?"
The old monk put his palms together. "Young Master Ye, each person has one steamed bun. Don't take more!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
After a while, Ye Xuan had already left the vegetarian hall. The monks in the vegetarian hall looked grave and did not continue eating.
The Dao World!
They had been worried during this period. If the Dao World opened the book house and obtained the Dao Scripture and the ancient temple's most precious Buddhist scripture, it would be a disaster for the ancient temple!
At that moment, the female monk suddenly said, "He went to the back mountain!"
The back mountain!
Upon hearing that, all the monks turned to look at the back mountain. Soon, the Governor Elder disappeared on the spot.
Why did this fellow run around?
The monks looked at each other in dismay.
Ye Xuan strolled to the back mountain. The back mountain of the ancient temple was very quiet. Moreover, it was early in the morning, so it was exceptionally quiet.
Ye Xuan walked in the Xiao Dao. At that moment, he was very calm!
He rarely took a stroll like this!
Restlessness!
He knew that he had many problems, such as restlessness. Swordsman. Swordsman cultivated the heart, but most of the time, his heart was restless!
Ye Xuan looked up at the sky. There was a red sun.
Facing the sun, he focused his mind!
Ye Xuan opened his palm, and a sword light appeared in his hand.
His heart was at ease!
His current attainments in the Sword Dao were much stronger than before. It could be said that he could fight a Self Release Realm expert without the help of external objects!
If his realm stabilized, he could kill a Self Release Realm expert without the help of any external objects or bloodline power!
However, against experts like the Pope and the Abbot, he still needed the help of external objects!
Ye Xuan collected his thoughts and walked forward. Soon, he arrived in front of a small temple. In front of the temple, a hunchbacked monk was sweeping the floor.
The monk was somewhat old, and his face was wizened, but he carried a trace of benevolence.
At this moment, the sweeping monk looked up at Ye Xuan. He pressed his palms together and bowed slightly to Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan hurriedly returned the bow and said, "Greetings, Grandmaster!"
The sweeping monk nodded slightly, "Greetings, Young Master Ye!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Grandmaster, why is it that the people of the world say that ancient temples are very mysterious, but after I entered, I discovered that the ancient temple seems very ordinary, perhaps even excessively ordinary?"
The sweeping monk smiled, "Not knowing makes it seem mysterious!"
Ye Xuan asked, "Then why does the ancient temple forbid outsiders from coming here?"
The sweeping monk shook his head, "We don't forbid others from coming here, but many people think that we do."
Ye Xuan fell silent.
The sweeping monk continued, "There are many monks in the ancient temple who came from the outside. Of course, we do not allow people with evil intentions to come here."
Ye Xuan pointed at himself, "Grandmaster, do you think I'm good or evil?"
The sweeping monk smiled, "Young Master Ye is not an evil person!"
Ye Xuan smiled, "Since I'm not an evil person, why does the ancient temple want to kill me?"
The sweeping monk chuckled. He pointed at a chicken pecking rice not far away and said, "Young Master Ye, have you ever eaten chicken?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "I have!"
The monk who was sweeping the floor asked, "Did that chicken do anything evil?"
Ye Xuan fell silent.
The sweeping monk chuckled, "Young Master Ye, this world is very complicated. Most of the time, good isn't really good, and evil isn't really evil either."
As he said that, he placed the broom to the side, clasped his hands together, and said softly, "The current rule of the world is that the strong are respected, and the strong set the rules. Good and evil are just tools used by the strong to enslave the people of the world.
Furthermore, many people in this world have a serious double standard. Those who benefit them are good, and those who harm them are evil.
This also includes our ancient temple! "
Including the ancient temple!
Ye Xuan looked at the sweeping monk and was a little shocked. Was he criticizing the ancient temple?
The sweeping monk smiled, "Wrong is wrong, right is right. There's nothing to hide!"
Ye Xuan smiled, "Grandmaster, you're different from other monks!"
The sweeping monk shook his head, "They think too much, but they ignore our original intentions."
As he said that, he looked at Ye Xuan, "Young Master Ye, do you know what karma is about you?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "I know!"
The sweeping monk said softly, "Young Master Ye's karma is so complicated that it's really rare."
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Is it very rare?"
The sweeping monk nodded, "The prophet's karma is not bad, but the other two karma …"
Ye Xuan clasped his hands together, "Grandmaster, don't Buddhists pay particular attention to expiation?
Can Grandmaster resolve my karma and let me become a normal person? "
The sweeping monk hurriedly shook his head, "Young Master Ye, please don't joke around. Your karma is too terrifying. This old monk doesn't dare to interfere!"
Ye Xuan said seriously, "Shouldn't people outside of this world be compassionate?"
The old monk clasped his hands together, "That's right, but you can't sacrifice me to save you!"
Ye Xuan, "…"
....
PS: Please buy a monthly ticket!!
This month is coming to an end!
Just a guaranteed monthly ticket would do!





Chapter 1247
Ye Xuan fell silent.
The old monk in front of him was not ordinary at all!
Firstly, he could not sense the other party's aura. In front of him, the other party was like an ordinary person.
Even the abbot did not give him such a feeling!
Ye Xuan looked at the old monk and said with a smile, "Master, what you mean is that if you are willing to risk your life, you can remove the karma on me, right?"
The old monk hurriedly shook his head. "No, no, this old monk can't do it!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The old monk sized up Ye Xuan and then said softly, "Young Master Ye, your karma is too complicated. This old monk doesn't even dare to investigate it, much less interfere."
As he said that, he clasped his hands together. "Young Master Ye is not an ordinary person!"
Ye Xuan fell silent.
Karma!
His life revolved around these two words.
The old monk suddenly said, "Young Master Ye, this old monk has something to say. I wonder if Young Master Ye would be willing to listen!"
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Master, please speak!"
The old monk nodded and said softly, "Young Master Ye, we Buddhists also pay attention to the cycle of karma. Although many of the Buddhist teachings cannot remove the karma on Young Master Ye, it is still beneficial to Young Master Ye. Young Master Ye should study it more."
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Master, I heard that this Buddhist teachings originate from the Realm of Ultimate Bliss?"
The old monk nodded. "Yes!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Are the people from the Realm of Ultimate Bliss very strong?"
The old monk smiled. "Young Master Ye, what do you think is strong?
Like the plain-dressed woman? "
Ye Xuan was a little surprised. "Master, you know her?"
The old monk nodded. "I know.
She's very strong! "
Ye Xuan looked at the old monk. "Master, can you beat her?"
The old monk shook his head. "I can't."
Just as Ye Xuan was about to say something, the old monk suddenly took out a yellowed ancient book and handed it to Ye Xuan. "Young Master Ye, it's fate that we met. I'll give this to you. I hope it can help you!"
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment, and then he said, "How could I?"
The old monk smiled and said, "I heard that Young Master Ye imprisoned two monks from my ancient temple, but he didn't kill them. Instead, he returned them. One of them is related to me."
Ye Xuan thought for a while. Then he said, "Thanks a lot!"
With that said, he took the yellowed ancient book and glanced at it. There were four faded black words on the ancient book: Vajra Buddha Body!
Vajra Buddha Body!
Ye Xuan frowned slightly. He looked up, and at that moment, the old monk had disappeared!
Seeing this scene, Ye Xuan's expression instantly became solemn.
How did the old monk disappear?
At this moment, the voice from the ninth floor suddenly sounded in Ye Xuan's mind. "You've met an expert!"
An expert!
Ye Xuan looked around, but he still didn't see the old monk.
With his current strength, the old monk was still able to disappear without a trace in front of him. It had to be said that this was too abnormal!
As if thinking of something, Ye Xuan looked down at the ancient book. "Vajra Buddha Body?"
Did it cultivate the physical body?
Ye Xuan was about to open it when he heard footsteps coming from behind him.
Ye Xuan turned around. It was the abbot!
The abbot clasped his hands together. "Young Master Ye, you met him?"
Ye Xuan blinked. "The old monk sweeping the floor?"
The abbot nodded.
Ye Xuan nodded. "I did.
Yes!
Master Abbot, who is this master sweeping the floor? "
A complicated look flashed in the abbot's eyes. "He's a senior from my ancient temple. We only know that he's in the ancient temple, but after that, no one from my ancient temple has seen him.
I never expected that he would actually come out to meet Young Master Ye today! "
Ye Xuan was a little surprised. "Only Master Abbot has seen him before?"
The abbot nodded. "Yes!"
Ye Xuan fell silent. It looked like he had really met an expert.
The abbot suddenly looked at the yellowed ancient book in Ye Xuan's hands. He hesitated for a moment before saying, "Young Master Ye, can I have a look at it?"
Ye Xuan nodded. He handed the Buddhist scripture to the abbot. The abbot opened it and glanced at it. A moment later, he looked at Ye Xuan and said softly, "Young Master Ye has such good fortune!"
Ye Xuan asked, "Why do you say that?"
A complicated look flashed in the abbot's eyes. "This is our ancient temple's supreme physical cultivation method. It was brought by Ancestral Master Mo Luo from the Realm of Western Paradise. This cultivation method has been lost for tens of thousands of years. I never expected it to appear again today!"
Ye Xuan blinked. "Is it very powerful?"
The abbot nodded. "The Vajra Buddha Body is impervious to all evils and impervious to all karma!"
Ye Xuan asked in a deep voice, "Can it break the karma on my body?"
The abbot hesitated for a moment before saying, "Perhaps impervious to all karma is a little exaggerated!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The abbot handed the Buddhist scripture to Ye Xuan. "Young Master Ye, since the senior gave this to you, it means that he has acknowledged you. Since he acknowledged you, then my ancient temple will also acknowledge you. My ancient temple will do our best to help Young Master Ye cultivate this Vajra Buddha Body!"
Ye Xuan said seriously, "Can we begin now?"
The abbot nodded. "Yes!
Young Master Ye, please follow me! "
With that, he turned and left.
Ye Xuan glanced at the Buddhist scripture in his hand. His eyes were filled with surprise. Why would that old monk give me such a divine item for no reason?
Could it be that I'm too outstanding?
Ye Xuan shook his head. He didn't want to think too much about it and hurriedly followed.
Soon, the abbot brought Ye Xuan to the ancient temple's Martial Arts Hall. The Martial Arts Hall wasn't big, and there was a monk in a black robe inside.
The black-robed monk bowed respectfully to the abbot. The abbot said, "Zhi Jue, this is Young Master Ye. He will be cultivating with us here during this period of time!"
The black-robed monk called Zhi Jue bowed slightly to Ye Xuan. "Young Master Ye!"
Ye Xuan returned the bow.
The abbot looked at Ye Xuan. He hesitated for a moment before saying, "Young Master Ye, if my ancient temple helps you cultivate the Vajra Protection, can Young Master Ye allow my ancient temple to make a copy of it and leave it in the temple?"
Ye Xuan glanced at the abbot. So this was the abbot's real purpose!
Ye Xuan smiled. "Of course!"
He'd obtained some benefits, so he naturally had to share some with the abbot. In any case, he'd already gained a lot!
Seeing that Ye Xuan had agreed, the abbot pressed his palms together. "Thank you, Young Master Ye!"
That was given to Ye Xuan by the old monk. If Ye Xuan didn't agree, then the abbot wouldn't dare to take it by force.
Only he knew what the old monk meant to the ancient temple!
The abbot collected his thoughts. He took out a box and opened it. Inside the box was a golden pill.
As soon as the box was opened, a fragrant aroma wafted out. Soon, the entire martial arts hall was filled with the aroma of the pill!
Ye Xuan was a little surprised. "Master Abbot, what is this?"
The abbot smiled. "Buddha Spirit Pill. It can purify the dust on Young Master Ye's body, allowing Young Master Ye to better cultivate the Vajra Buddha Body."
Ye Xuan blinked. "For me?"
The abbot nodded. He handed the pill to Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan didn't stand on ceremony. He picked it up and ate it. He wasn't afraid of the other party playing any tricks. In any case, Xiao Ta was here!
Whether the other party tried to poison him or possess him, there was no chance!
As soon as the Buddha Pill entered his body, a wave of pure Spirit Qi suddenly erupted from his body. This Spirit Qi was different from the Spirit Qi he had come into contact with before. This Spirit Qi began to wander around his body. At this moment, he felt warm all over and very comfortable!
Ye Xuan looked at the abbot. The abbot smiled. "When a person is in the placenta, they absorb Xiantian Qi. This Xiantian Qi is incomparably pure. Therefore, newborn babies have fair skin and pure bodies. After they are born, they eat grains and are contaminated with dust. The magical effect of this pill is to remove the dust and restore Xiantian Qi. If you have Xiantian Qi in your body, cultivating the Vajra Buddha Body will be twice the result with half the effort!"
Ye Xuan asked in a deep voice, "Master Abbot, this pill is very precious, right?"
The abbot nodded. "Very precious!
It takes about ten years to refine one pill! "
Ye Xuan blinked. "Master, can I take a look at the pill formula?
To tell you the truth, I also do some research on the Dao of Medicinal Pills! "
The abbot hesitated for a moment, then said, "This …"
Ye Xuan said in a serious tone, "If Master has any difficulties, it's alright. I understand!
I'll just ask for it from the master sweeping the floor! "
The abbot looked at Ye Xuan. "What did the old man say to you?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Nothing much. He just asked me to meet him there when I'm free."
The abbot fell silent.
Ye Xuan said again, "Master Abbot, you know that we hit it off the moment we met …"
The abbot suddenly took out a scroll and handed it to Ye Xuan. "Young Master Ye, take it!"
Ye Xuan took the scroll, and then he said, "Master, is this the medicinal pill's formula and refinement method?"
The abbot nodded. "Yes!"
Ye Xuan kept the scroll and clasped his hands together. "Thank you, Master, for your generosity!"
The abbot glanced at Ye Xuan. At this moment, he was feeling a little regretful!
His original plan was to let Ye Xuan join the ancient temple. It would be best if he could become a monk!
If Ye Xuan became a part of the ancient temple, it would be a win-win situation for the ancient temple!
Not only would there be one less threat, but the ancient temple would also gain a super genius. Most importantly, this super genius would be able to open the study room!
Killing three birds with one stone!
But at this moment, he suddenly realized that if Ye Xuan joined the ancient temple, it might not necessarily be a good thing!
This guy was too shameless!
Although the monks in the temple were not stupid, they were definitely no match for Ye Xuan when it came to scheming!
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Master Abbot, can we begin?"
The abbot looked at Ye Xuan and nodded. "Of course!
Young Master Ye, how do you feel now? "
Ye Xuan sensed his body and said in a deep voice, "I feel some Qi flowing in my body. No, it's in all my limbs and bones!"
The abbot smiled. "That's Innate Qi!"
As he said that, he clasped his hands together. In an instant, a Buddhist light suddenly enveloped Ye Xuan. Then, the abbot's voice sounded in Ye Xuan's mind. "Young Master Ye, under normal circumstances, you need to cultivate the Power of Dharma and use it to temper your body. However, you can't cultivate the Power of Dharma in a short period of time. Therefore, I can only use my Power of Dharma to help you temper your body. Please cooperate!"
With that, countless golden Power of Dharma surged into Ye Xuan's body …
..





Chapter 1248
Vajra Buddha Body!
This was a Buddhist body cultivation method. It used the Buddhist Dharma to temper the body. It was a unique style of body cultivation method.
At this time, the abbot's voice suddenly sounded in Ye Xuan's mind, "Young Master Ye, the Vajra Dharma, Unheartedness, Unheartedness, Unheartedness, Six Earthly Ten Thousand Arts, is indestructible.
Therefore, one's nature is indestructible. One's nature is like a vajra. Even if one gathers billions of divine powers, it will not be able to destroy it.
Therefore, the Vajra Buddha Body is also known as the 'Vajra Heart'. It means that it is incomparably sturdy, able to break through the confusion in one's heart and see one's true self.
In addition, those with the Vajra Buddha Body have no karma and will not fall into samsara after death. "
Hearing this, Ye Xuan looked at the abbot, "No karma and no karma?
Will not fall into samsara? "
The abbot nodded, "Yes!
The Vajra Heart is invincible! "
Ye Xuan's expression was a little strange. Invincible!
Can it break the karma in my body?
Ye Xuan shook his head.
He looked a little worried.
At this time, the abbot said, "Young Master Ye, in the records of our ancient temple, this Vajra Buddha Body is second only to the Infinite Buddha Indestructible Body in the Realm of Ultimate Bliss. If you successfully cultivate the Vajra Body, even I will not be able to hurt you!"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan's expression changed, "It's that strong?"
The abbot shook his head, "Originally it wasn't that strong, but Young Master Ye is different!
This is because Young Master Ye's body is extremely strong. Moreover, Young Master Ye's body is very special, possessing all kinds of physiques. Coupled with this Vajra Body, it can be said that Young Master Ye's body will reach a very terrifying level. I can't estimate this level, but in any case, it will definitely be very strong. "
Ye Xuan smiled, "I'm looking forward to it!"
The abbot smiled, "Young Master Ye will not be disappointed!
Young Master Ye, you can now circulate the Vajra Buddha Body and let the Dharma Protector circulate in your body! "
As he spoke, he put his palms together. Soon, more and more Dharma Power flowed into Ye Xuan's body.
Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes. The Vajra Buddha Body was already in his mind. He didn't really understand it, but he just had to follow it.
Soon, Ye Xuan's body suddenly trembled, and at the same time, a golden light enveloped the entire Martial Practice Hall.
Amidst the golden light, the abbot continuously used his Dharma to temper Ye Xuan's body. At the same time, Ye Xuan's body was also slowly changing.
...
Union Hall.
Wen Zhaoruo suddenly walked out of the hall and came to the little pavilion where Tendo was.
Wen Zhaoruo looked at the Sixth Dimension Tendo, "He's in the ancient temple!"
The Sixth Dimension Tendo nodded. "I know."
Wen Zhaoruo said solemnly, "The ancient temple has joined forces with him!"
The Sixth Dimension Tendo laughed and said, "Isn't this a very normal thing?"
Wen Zhaoruo looked at the Sixth Dimension Tendo, "What should we do now?"
The Sixth Dimension Tendo said softly, "Wait!"
Wen Zhaoruo frowned slightly, "You mean, it's not over yet?"
The Sixth Dimension Tendo shook her head, "It's just begun!"
As she spoke, she turned to look at the sky with a trace of worry in her eyes, "I'm not worried about the Dao World, nor the ancient temple. I'm worried about that woman!"
Wen Zhaoruo asked, "The woman in the plain dress?"
The Sixth Dimension Tendo said softly, "Mu Niannian!"
Wen Zhaoruo frowned slightly, "The Fifth Dimension Tendo?"
The Sixth Dimension Tendo nodded, "I don't know what her real intentions are …"
Wen Zhaoruo said solemnly, "Are you afraid of her?"
The Sixth Dimension Tendo looked at Wen Zhaoruo, "What feeling does she give you?"
Wen Zhaoruo hesitated and said, "No sense of existence!"
No sense of existence!
The Sixth Dimension Tendo shook her head and smiled, "This is what makes her terrifying!"
Wen Zhaoruo said solemnly, "I feel that Ye Xuan and the Dao World pose the greatest threat to us now!"
The Sixth Dimension Tendo smiled, "You're wrong!
First, we don't have to worry about Ye Xuan. This person's nature is not evil. As long as we don't harm the Fifth Dimension, he won't be our enemy!
As for the Dao World, I don't think it's that easy for them to obtain the Dao Scripture.
This matter is still very complicated. "
As she spoke, she looked at Wen Zhaoruo, "Don't underestimate Mu Niannian."
Wen Zhaoruo nodded, "Alright!"
The Sixth Dimension Tendo said softly, "I hope everything will pass as soon as possible!"
Wen Zhaoruo glanced at the Sixth Dimension Tendo and smiled bitterly in her heart. She knew the Sixth Dimension Tendo's character. He had no desires and only wanted peace.
Unfortunately, it was very difficult!
...
The Dao World.
The current Dao World was also very chaotic.
Everyone was searching for the Pope, especially Jiang Yu and the others. They were searching for the Pope like crazy!
And the Bloodshed God Palace had already been disbanded!
The Pope had abandoned the Bloodshed God Palace and fled. This made the experts of the Bloodshed God Palace disheartened. Of course, more importantly, they felt that the Bloodshed God Palace was in great danger!
Who could guarantee that Jiang Yu and the others wouldn't come and destroy the Bloodshed God Palace?
No one had expected that the once powerful Bloodshed God Palace would vanish in a single night.
...
Somewhere in the depths of the starry sky, the Pope was frantically fleeing. Although he couldn't beat Jiang Yu and the others, if he kept running, Jiang Yu and the others really couldn't do anything to him!
After all, he was a Ultimate Self Release expert!
In the starry sky, the Pope's expression was incomparably ugly.
He knew that he'd been tricked!
But he didn't know who had tricked him!
In truth, he'd been very panic-stricken during this period of time.
Because the other party had been able to move him away without a trace. How terrifying was this person's strength?
In the entire Dao World, he couldn't think of anyone with such strength!
There were people in the Dao World who could beat him, but no one could move him away without a trace.
Who could it be?
The Pope had been pondering this question for the past few days!
Ye Xuan?
He had suspected Ye Xuan, but he quickly rejected this idea.
Although Ye Xuan was monstrous, he still didn't have this kind of strength.
If it wasn't Ye Xuan, then who could it be?
At this time, the starry sky behind the Pope suddenly trembled. The Pope's expression changed, and he directly disappeared into the depths of the starry sky.
Not long after the Pope disappeared, Jiang Yu and the others appeared. There were a total of forty Self Release experts!
It had to be said that this lineup was truly heaven-defying!
Seeing the Pope disappear once more, Jiang Yu and the others' expressions became terrifyingly savage. He suddenly turned his head. "Everyone, we can't stop. If we stop, this person will very likely open the library and obtain the Dao Scripture. If we let him break through to the Self Release realm, we'll all die!
Chase him!
Hack him to death! "
Finished speaking, he directly rushed out.
The other Self Release Realm experts also hurriedly charged out!
...
Bloodshed God Palace.
At this time, most of the people in the Bloodshed God Palace had already fled, and it was extremely deserted.
On this day, a woman arrived at the Bloodshed God Palace.
The newcomer was none other than Mu Niannian.
Mu Niannian held a grilled fish in each hand. She strolled leisurely, looking very satisfied.
Before long, Mu Niannian arrived at the Bloodshed God Palace's Shrine. This place was originally a restricted area because many of the Bloodshed God Palace's ancestors and experts were buried here.
But now, anyone could enter this place!
There were many spirit tablets placed inside the Shrine, no less than a hundred of them.
Mu Niannian looked around, and finally, her gaze fell on the tallest spirit tablet.
Ji Tianjiao!
The Bloodshed God Palace's first generation God Lord.
Mu Niannian put away the grilled fish and pointed with her finger. The spirit tablet suddenly trembled violently, and at this time, a powerful aura suddenly surged out of it.
Boom!
This powerful aura directly swept towards Mu Niannian!
Mu Niannian lightly pressed her right hand forward, and the aura was directly suppressed!
At this time, a figure appeared from within the spirit tablet!
Just as the figure was about to emerge, Mu Niannian's right hand suddenly pressed down again.
Boom!
A powerful force enveloped the spirit tablet, and the figure was directly suppressed within the spirit tablet!
This figure was Ji Tianjiao.
Ji Tianjiao looked at Mu Niannian. "You're not human!"
Mu Niannian smiled. "That's right."
Ji Tianjiao solemnly said, "What do you mean?"
Mu Niannian smiled. "If I'm not wrong, the Bloodshed God Palace's treasure, the Godly Reflection Mirror, is in your hands, right?" Ji Tianjiao narrowed his eyes. "Did you come for that item?"
Mu Niannian nodded. "This item cannot fall into the hands of others, or else it will pose a great threat to him."
Ji Tianjiao solemnly said, "Does my Bloodshed God Palace have an irreconcilable grudge with you?"
Mu Niannian smiled. "Yes."
Ji Tianjiao looked around and frowned. "No one's here?"
Mu Niannian shrugged. "The current pope of your body abandoned the people of the Bloodshed God Palace for the scriptures, so they all fled!"
Ji Tianjiao looked at Mu Niannian without a word.
His eyes were solemn!
Even if his true body was here, he might not be able to do anything to this woman, much less a part of his soul.
Mu Niannian suddenly said, "Sir, I have no grudge with you, and I don't want to sever your inheritance. How about this? I'll find you a successor of the Bloodshed God Palace and let him inherit your inheritance. What do you think?"
Ji Tianjiao softly said, "Are you trying to force me?"
Mu Niannian smiled. "Yes.
It's fine if you refuse. To him, having your Bloodshed God Palace is just icing on the cake. "
Ji Tianjiao solemnly said, "Who is he?"
Mu Niannian pointed at herself. "I chose him!"
Ji Tianjiao looked at Mu Niannian. "Your successor?"
Mu Niannian smiled. "You can say so!
So, do you have any ideas?
If you do, I can make the decision on my own and let him become your successor, allowing your Bloodshed God Palace to continue. "
Ji Tianjiao looked at Mu Niannian. "What if I refuse?"
The corner of Mu Niannian's mouth rose. She snapped her fingers. "In the blink of an eye, the Bloodshed God Palace will be reduced to ashes!"
In the blink of an eye!
Ji Tianjiao was silent.
He knew that the woman before him was not lying.
The current Bloodshed God Palace could not stop this woman.
At this time, Mu Niannian smiled. "Have you made up your mind?"
Ji Tianjiao looked at Mu Niannian. "I can't refuse, can I?"
Mu Niannian smiled. "Forgive me for being blunt, but it is your Bloodshed God Palace's honor to have him inherit your inheritance. Truly."
Ji Tianjiao was silent.
At this time, Mu Niannian suddenly shook her head. "You're wasting too much time!"
With that, she clenched her right hand. In an instant, the spirit tablet became illusory, and Ji Tianjiao within it also became even more illusory!
Seeing this, Ji Tianjiao hurriedly said, "Perhaps we can negotiate …"
....
PS: Just a chat. If you don't like it, just skip it.
These years of writing books, although they were not extremely popular, were enough for me to live on. I have my own home, and although I don't have a car yet, I still have a two-wheeled one.
All in all, it's passable.
Thank you to all my book friends who have supported me. A monthly pass or a subscription is a great help to me.
The problem of updating is actually my reality. It's really different now that I have a home!
When I was single, I could write every day. Moreover, at that time, I was still young, eighteen or nineteen. I had my parents to shoulder the burden for me, so I could write without worry.
But later, as you all know, I became the pillar of the family, and I even had my own family. My younger brother is still in junior high, so I am responsible for everything for him. This is my responsibility.
Especially after marriage, when the two of us are together, we have two families …
I'm not looking for an excuse. Twenty-five or twenty-six years old is really different from seventeen or eighteen.
Some of the people who read my books are probably the pillars of their families now, so you all should understand how I feel.
Sword Domain is very passionate, very hot-blooded, like a seventeen or eighteen year old hot-blooded youth, courageously moving forward, daring to fight, not afraid of anything, and just doing it!
Only Supremacy is different.
Ye Xuan is not as reckless as Yang Ye, nor is he as stubborn as Yang Ye. He is more calculative, scheming, and more rational.
Moreover, the book is more about responsibility, cause and effect, scheming, and backing …
Many old readers might think that Sword Domain is really childish and stupid when they go back and read it. Many old readers also said that Yang Ye would have died ten thousand times in the real world …
One has to admit the fact that we are slowly growing old.





Chapter 1249
"Discuss?"
Mu Niannian looked at Ji Tianjiao and smiled, "Do you think I have nothing better to do?"
Ji Tianjiao quickly pointed, and a dark-gold mirror suddenly appeared before Mu Niannian.
The Divine Looking Mirror!
The Divine Looking Mirror was even more valuable than the Divine Ruler in the Bloodshed God Palace, because it contained the Bloodshed God Palace's supreme inheritance. Apart from that, its power far surpassed the Divine Ruler.
Mu Niannian glanced at the Divine Looking Mirror and smiled, "Not bad!"
Then, she looked at Ji Tianjiao, "Sorry for the disturbance!"
Then, she turned and left.
Ji Tianjiao was silent inside the memorial tablet.
A voice sounded from the tablet beside him, "Perhaps it's not a bad thing!"
Ji Tianjiao turned and the voice continued, "The person chosen by this woman will not be trash."
Ji Tianjiao said softly, "I'm afraid of becoming someone else's dowry!"
The voice said, "It's better than being destroyed!"
Ji Tianjiao raised his head and looked outside the shrine, his brows deeply furrowed.
He never expected the Bloodshed God Palace to fall to this state!
The voice spoke again, "The Dao Scripture has appeared!
The Bloodshed God Palace is involved! "
The Dao Scripture!
Ji Tianjiao narrowed his eyes, "No wonder!"
The Dao Scripture!
Not to mention others, even they could not refuse it!
However, this Dao Scripture was a disaster!
Only two kinds of people could possess it: those with absolute strength, and those chosen by the heavens!
Another voice sounded beside Ji Tianjiao, "Don't worry about that!
The future generations have their own destiny, we can't care so much about it! "
Ji Tianjiao nodded.
Soon, the shrine quieted down.
...
Ancient temple.
Ye Xuan was currently enveloped in Buddhist dharma, like a golden man.
Right now, his physical body had turned golden. Not only that, but there was also Buddhist Dharma circulating all over his body. These Buddhist Dharma powers formed tiny golden Buddhist characters that were constantly wandering around his body.
Beside him, the abbot and Zhijue watched Ye Xuan quietly.
Diamond Buddha Body!
In fact, the two of them also wanted to see how strong the legendary Vajra Buddha Body was.
If it was anyone else, it would not be easy to cultivate the Vajra Buddha Body, but Ye Xuan was different. Ye Xuan's physical body was strong enough. It could be said that Ye Xuan's physical body was the perfect foundation for cultivating the Vajra Buddha Dharma.
Of course, without the help of the ancient temple, it would be impossible for Ye Xuan to master the Vajra Buddhist Dharma in a short period of time!
Right at this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly opened his eyes, and then two balls of golden light shot out from within them. Everywhere they passed, space was obliterated!
Seeing this, the faces of the two abbot turned solemn.
At this moment, Ye Xuan stood up slowly. He clenched his fists, and two powerful forces rapidly gathered in his body. He looked at the abbot, and the abbot's eyelids twitched. "Young Master Ye, this place cannot withstand Young Master Ye's power. Young Master Ye, it's best if you don't make a move!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Master Abbot, did I succeed?"
The abbot shook his head. "Only half!
Look at your body now! "
Ye Xuan looked at his body. At this moment, his body was emitting a dazzling golden light, and he had no way of dispersing it!
Ye Xuan looked at the abbot. "Master Abbot, this is?"
The abbot clasped his hands together. "Diamond Buddha Dharma. You have not fully absorbed the Buddhist dharma, and it is still in your body. You need to learn how to use the power of the Buddhist dharma.
This is the only way you can control it. "
Ye Xuan asked in a deep voice, "How can I use the power of the Buddhist dharma?"
The abbot said, "Cultivate the Buddhist Dao!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The abbot smiled. "Young Master Ye, don't worry. Our ancient temple will not force Young Master Ye to become a monk. However, Young Master Ye can become a lay disciple of our ancient temple!"
Ye Xuan was a little surprised. "Lay disciple?"
The abbot nodded. "Yes!
A lay disciple! "
Ye Xuan asked, "Are there other lay disciples in the ancient temple?"
The abbot hesitated for a moment, then said, "There used to be one, but there's no more now!
Although our ancient temple has not accepted lay disciples for many years, we can make an exception for Young Master Ye! "
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment, then said, "Master, is it alright if you don't become a lay disciple?"
The abbot looked at Ye Xuan. "Young Master Ye, the Buddhist dharma that you will be practicing is the Mahayana Dharma of Buddhism. It is not taught to outsiders!"
Ye Xuan fell silent.
Not taught to outsiders!
The abbot said again, "However, Young Master Ye is different from others. If Young Master Ye is willing to become a lay disciple of our ancient temple, our ancient temple is willing to make an exception for Young Master Ye and teach Young Master Ye the Mahayana Dharma!"
Ye Xuan was a little hesitant.
Become a lay disciple of the ancient temple?
That sounded a little unreliable!
Because his relationship with the ancient temple now was one of mutual benefit. Who knows, they might become enemies tomorrow!
The abbot did not say anything else. The decision was all up to Ye Xuan.
At this moment, Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Alright!"
It was impossible to get benefits without paying a price!
Moreover, the ancient temple was not afraid, so what was there for him to be afraid of?
In any case, there were still benefits in using the tiger skin of the ancient temple.
Seeing that Ye Xuan had agreed, the abbot smiled. "Young Master Ye, from this moment onwards, you are a lay disciple of our ancient temple."
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment and then said, "Master, since you are a disciple of the ancient temple, do you have any treasures to protect yourself?"
Hearing that, the abbot's eyelids twitched. What the hell? He just joined the ancient temple and he already wants treasures?
Zhijue was also speechless.
The ancient temple would probably not be at peace in the future!
The abbot said, "Young Master Ye, the treasures you have are better than all the treasures in our ancient temple combined."
Ye Xuan blinked. "At least give me a little!"
The abbot was speechless.
Zhijue shook his head.
Ye Xuan just stared at the abbot like that. It fully showed what it meant to be shameless.
The abbot was slightly embarrassed from being stared at by Ye Xuan. He hesitated for a moment and then opened his palm. A long saber appeared in his hand, and he handed it to Ye Xuan. "Young Master Ye, this is the Buddhist Commandment Saber of our ancient temple. I'll give it to you!"
Ye Xuan took the Buddhist Commandment Saber with both hands and pressed his palms together. "Thank you, Master Abbot!"
The abbot was speechless. This fellow doesn't even bother to be courteous!
Ye Xuan put away the Buddhist Commandment Saber and was overjoyed. He had witnessed the might of this saber. If he gave this saber to Situ, then with his strength, his combat strength would definitely soar!
Although she did not care about external objects at her level, it would be very different if she had one.
At that moment, the abbot suddenly said, "Young Master Ye, let's cultivate the Mahayana Buddhist Dharma now!"
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Master Abbot, has anyone from the Dao World paid attention to it?"
The abbot hesitated for a moment before shaking his head. "No!"
Ye Xuan was somewhat speechless. "Master, shouldn't we keep track of the movements of those fellows in the Dao World?"
The abbot nodded. "Yes!"
Then, he looked at Perception, who was beside him. "Make the arrangements!"
Perception clasped his palms together and retreated.
The abbot looked at Ye Xuan. "Young Master Ye, let's learn the Buddhist Dharma first!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The voice of the Ninth Master suddenly rang in Ye Xuan's mind. "Kid, this fellow is sincere in making you convert to the Buddhist Dao!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "I'm a sword cultivator!"
The Ninth Master said, "No matter what, it's better to be careful. Sometimes, carelessness can lead to death."
Obviously, he was still afraid that Ye Xuan would fall for the ancient temple's Dao Dao.
Joining the ancient temple was equivalent to being tainted with the Buddhist Dao Karma. From the looks of it, this Buddhist Dao Karma might not necessarily be a good thing!
Without thinking too much about it, Ye Xuan followed the abbot to practice the Buddhist Dharma.
In the room, Ye Xuan and the abbot sat cross-legged on the floor. The abbot was speaking very seriously, and Ye Xuan was also listening attentively. He did not think too much about the Buddhist Dao, nor did he have any prejudice against it. However, he would not really convert to the Buddhist Dao.
He only wanted to be a layman!
He could not stand a pure heart and few desires!
However, he could also use the Buddhist Dharma to improve himself.
Just like that, Ye Xuan lived the life of a monk for the rest of his days. He ate, chanted, and listened to the Buddhist Dharma.
He really had a pure heart and few desires!
The effects were very obvious. At least, the Buddhist Dharma power in his body was slowly being controlled by him.
And the power of his Vajra Buddhist Body was even more terrifying than he had imagined!
Vajra Buddhist Body!
In addition to his original special physical body, it could be said that he could really fight experts like the Pope!
Even if he couldn't beat them, it wouldn't be easy for them to kill him!
Simply put, he now had the capital to fight experts like the Pope.
However, he was not confident that he could kill such experts!
In the small room, Ye Xuan and the abbot sat opposite each other. The two of them talked by candlelight. This was because Ye Xuan would ask questions from time to time. Ye Xuan found this Buddhist Dharma more and more interesting. Seeing that Ye Xuan was eager to learn, the ancient temple's abbot was also unusually happy!
This was exactly what he wanted!
Just like that, time passed bit by bit. Ye Xuan would listen to the ancient temple's abbot's teachings on time every day. Now, he could completely control his Vajra Buddhist Body, and he became more familiar with the people of the ancient temple.
Many monks in the ancient temple were helpless against Ye Xuan, a layman disciple. Ye Xuan did not treat himself as an outsider at all. He could enter some special places of the ancient temple whenever he wanted … And to their surprise, the ancient temple's abbot did not stop him!
Thus, after a day of learning, Ye Xuan would wander around aimlessly, doing something here and there. At first, they were puzzled, but later they suddenly realized that this guy was looking for treasures everywhere …
Soon, Ye Xuan became more and more of a headache for many people in the ancient temple!
The ancient temple's abbot also had a headache. Ye Xuan would find him to compare treasures whenever he had nothing to do. This was not a competition of treasures, this was clearly coveting the ancient temple's treasures!
After wandering around like this for a few days, a news suddenly reached the ears of the ancient temple.
The Pope brought the study to the Sixth Dimension!
Hearing this news, the entire ancient temple was shocked!
In a room, the ancient temple's abbot looked at Ye Xuan, "What do you think?"
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "I don't care!"
At this time, a monk appeared and said in a deep voice, "The Pope went to the Fifth Dimension!"
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "This is our chance, kill him!"
Ancient temple's abbot: "…"
....





Chapter 1250
In the small house, the abbot looked at Ye Xuan. "Didn't you say that you wouldn't care?"
Ye Xuan smiled wryly. "He went to the Fifth Dimension!"
If he didn't go to the Fifth Dimension, then there was no need to care. But if he went to the Fifth Dimension, then there was only one explanation. He was definitely going to target Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan continued, "Abbot, I feel that this is our chance.
First, the Pope is fighting with those above. We must kill the Pope before those above and take the study from him.
Secondly, we can't let Jiang Yu and the others take away this bookstore.
Otherwise, we will fall into a passive position again! "
The abbot was silent.
In truth, he wanted to ignore it for now and let the Pope and Jiang Yu and the others kill each other.
But he was also afraid that the study would fall into the hands of Jiang Yu and the others.
It was as Ye Xuan had said. If that happened, then they would fall into a passive position again.
When he thought of this, the abbot suddenly looked at the monk. "Gather the ascetics, we are going to the Fifth Dimension!"
The monk put his palms together and bowed slightly, then turned and left.
The abbot looked at Ye Xuan. "Young Master Ye, let's go!"
Ye Xuan nodded and stood up to leave.
Even though he was confident in the Fifth Dimension's current strength, if a powerful warrior like the Pope played dirty, then the Fifth Dimension would definitely suffer heavy losses.
Very soon, the abbot left the ancient temple with the Prefect Elder and the eight ascetics!
The people the ancient temple brought out were all powerful warriors of the upper level of Self Release Realm!
...
In the Fifth Dimension.
The Pope arrived in the sky above Shaman City. The moment he appeared, he slammed his palm down on the city.
Boom!
A powerful force swept down from the sky above Shaman City!
At that moment, a ray of golden light shot into the sky from Shaman City and crashed into the powerful force.
Boom!
The moment the two forces came into contact, the entire sky trembled and an invisible wave of air rippled outwards!
The world trembled!
In the air, the Pope looked down. Below him, stood a monk with prayer beads.
The ancient temple's Zhiwu!
Zhi Wu was the preaching monk of the ancient temple. His strength could be ranked in the top three of the ancient temple!
Facing the Pope, he was not afraid at all!
The Pope glared at Consciousness. "How could you all be so stupid!"
In his opinion, the ancient temple's decision to help Ye Xuan was foolish, because it was the same as giving Ye Xuan a chance to grow!
Once Ye Xuan matured, who could keep him in check?
And this time, the reason why he came to the Fifth Dimension was because he felt that Ye Xuan had framed him!
Because he really could not think of anyone else who would frame him!
Who would benefit the most from the internal strife between him and Jiang Yu?
Naturally, it was Ye Xuan!
Therefore, he came to the Fifth Dimension.
At this time, Jiang Yu and the others continued to stay in the sky. Jiang Yu and the others directly sealed off the Pope's area of space.
Jiang Yu glared at the Pope. "Pope, hand over the library and we can pretend that nothing has happened!"
The Pope shook his head with a smile. "Brother Jiang, you keep saying that the library is in my hands. I want to ask, if it really is in my hands, why would I return to the Bloodshed God Palace?"
Jiang Yu looked at the Pope. "You say that someone framed you. Let me ask you, who framed you?
Is it Ye Xuan? "
The Pope said in a low voice, "It's him!"
Jiang Yu angrily said, "Bullshit! I've already sent people to investigate. That Ye Xuan has always been in the ancient temple.
Why would he frame you?
Moreover, if he had that kind of strength, why would he need to frame you?
Wouldn't it be better to just kill us? "
The Pope's face darkened. "Brother Jiang, have you ever thought about why I would steal that Dao Scripture?
Take it for myself?
It's not like I can open it, so why would I take it for myself? "
Jiang Yu was silent.
Needless to say, he didn't think that the Pope was that stupid. If it really was the other party's doing, he would never return to the Bloodshed God Palace!
At this moment, a voice came from behind them. "Perhaps you've found a way to open the library!"
Everyone turned to see a group of people standing in front of them. It was the abbot of the ancient temple and Ye Xuan!
The Pope stared at Ye Xuan. "Was it you!?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Pope, you're saying that I'm framing you, right?"
The Pope stared at Ye Xuan. "Besides you, who else could it be?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Pope, you're too shameless!
You're still trying to frame me at a time like this! "
Saying so, he looked at Jiang Yu. "Pavilion Master Jiang, in my opinion, there might be someone else behind the Pope!"
Someone else!
Jiang Yu narrowed his eyes. "What do you mean?"
Ye Xuan sternly said, "Think about it. How could one person disappear right under your noses?
And if it's someone he doesn't know, Pavilion Master Jiang, who do you think could make him disappear without a trace?
So, in my opinion, there's definitely someone working together with him to put on this show. The reason he returned to the Bloodshed God Palace was to confuse you, to make you think that the library is in my, Ye Xuan's hands. Then, you'll come and fight me, Ye Xuan! "
Saying so, he looked at the Pope. "Pope, this is a brilliant plan!
Truly brilliant! "
The Pope stared at Ye Xuan, his eyes like knives.
Beside him, Jiang Yu looked at the Pope with a dark expression.
Ye Xuan said, "Pavilion Master Jiang, I think there's someone else behind this!"
Jiang Yu looked at the Pope. "Who is it!?"
The Pope angrily said, "Jiang Yu, do you really believe this kid's words?"
Jiang Yu's lips curled into a mocking smile. "Do you think I believe you?"
The Pope was so angry that he laughed. "Jiang Yu, you really are an idiot!"
Jiang Yu narrowed his eyes. "I'll give you one last chance!"
The Pope was about to speak when Ye Xuan suddenly said, "I suggest we capture him and slowly interrogate him. We'll definitely be able to find out the whereabouts of the library!"
Jiang Yu looked at Ye Xuan. "You don't think the library is with him?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "As I said, he doesn't have the ability to disappear without a trace. Someone must have helped him.
And the reason he appeared is to confuse us, to make us kill each other … "
Speaking up to this point, his expression became extremely solemn. "If I'm not wrong, the person behind him must have already opened the study room and must be cultivating now. And he, is trying to delay us and buy time for the person behind him!"
Hearing Ye Xuan's words, Jiang Yu and the others' expressions changed!
It was completely possible!
Jiang Yu looked at the Pope. "Who are you working for!?"
The Pope was silent.
He suddenly realized that no matter what he said, no one would believe him!
Because he had disappeared together with the library!
Just this point alone, even if he jumped into the heavenly river, he wouldn't be able to wash himself clean!
The Pope suddenly looked at Ye Xuan and smiled. "Ye Xuan, I don't hate you!
Really, because you and I are opponents. No matter how you frame me, it's only right!
But … "
At this point, he looked at Jiang Yu and the others. "You really are stupid!"
Ye Xuan blinked his eyes. "…
.”
Jiang Yu suddenly said, "Attack!"
With that, he and the Self Release experts behind him were about to attack. At this time, the Pope suddenly smiled. "Jiang Yu, let me tell you, the person behind me is not someone you can offend!"
Hearing this, Jiang Yu stopped. He looked at the Pope. "Who is it!?"
Ye Xuan looked at the Pope. This guy was starting to create something out of nothing!
He could roughly guess who was framing the Pope. Besides Mu Niannian, he couldn't think of anyone else who would play such a dirty trick!
The Pope looked at Jiang Yu and smiled. "Who else do you think?"
Jiang Yu fell silent for a moment before he said, "The Dao Village!"
The Pope roared with laughter. "Jiang Yu, you're finally smart!
You're right, it's the Dao Village! "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Jiang Yu spoke solemnly, "Pope, isn't it good for you to work together with us?"
The Pope shook his head. "All of you are too stupid!
Useless teammates! "
Jiang Yu stared fixedly at the Pope. "Kill!"
The Pope roared with laughter. "Come!
Idiots! "
As soon as he finished speaking, he suddenly slapped his stomach with both hands. When they witnessed this scene, the expressions of Jiang Yu and the others instantly changed drastically, and the expressions of the Abbot and the others changed drastically as well. The Abbot directly grabbed Ye Xuan and retreated madly with the others!
As for Jiang Yu and the others, they wanted to retreat as well, but it was too late!
He had detonated himself!
No one had expected that the Pope would actually choose to detonate himself!
Bang!
A world shaking explosion resounded, and then a powerful force swept through the sky. In an instant, the entire sky was plunged into pitch black darkness!
How terrifying was the detonation of a top-rate expert like the Pope?
Amongst the dozens of Self Release Realm experts that had charged at the Pope, four of them had perished on the spot. While the others hadn't perished, most of them were heavily injured. Jiang Yu's countenance was slightly pale. Obviously, he'd been heavily injured as well!
Ye Xuan was quite shocked as he gazed at the pitch black space before him. The Pope had actually chosen to detonate himself. What a ruthless fellow!
The Abbot hadn't expected that the Pope would detonate himself as well. That was too ruthless!
Jiang Yu and the others had even more unsightly expressions on their faces. They hadn't expected that the Pope would actually choose to detonate himself. That was no different from playing with his life!
Actually, Jiang Yu blamed himself for being stupid.
In such a situation, the Pope definitely had no chance of survival. Since it was impossible for them to survive, then they definitely had to drag one of them down with them!
As if he'd thought of something, Jiang Yu hurriedly grabbed the spot where the Pope had been earlier. However, it was completely empty there!
Jiang Yu's expression was incomparably unsightly. Clearly, that study was not in the Pope's hands.
At this time, a Self Release Realm expert gave Jiang Yu a meaningful glance. Jiang Yu turned to look at Ye Xuan and the others with a wary expression!
They were currently heavily injured. If Ye Xuan and the others attacked at this time, they would be in a dangerous situation!
And Ye Xuan suddenly pointed with his finger. Over a dozen bottles of medicinal pills landed in front of Jiang Yu and the others. "Everyone, these are healing panaceas. Everyone, heal your injuries first!
Don't worry, I, Ye Xuan, will never take advantage of others when they are down! "
Jiang Yu looked at Ye Xuan and didn't say anything.
Ye Xuan smiled. "Everyone, I really won't take advantage of others when they are down. Moreover, none of you have a study room on you. If we attack you, wouldn't we be letting others feel happy?
Pavilion Master Jiang, I feel that for now, we are standing on the same boat. What do you think? "
After a moment of silence, Jiang Yu said, "Young Master Ye's words are reasonable!"
....
PS: Asking for tickets!!





Chapter 1251
Jiang Yu did not hate Ye Xuan as much as the Pope. In his heart, the study house was the most important!
Although he also felt that Ye Xuan was a great threat, the most important thing now was to obtain the study house, not to fight Ye Xuan!
Especially now that Ye Xuan had joined hands with the ancient temple!
The Dao World no longer had any advantage!
Jiang Yu cupped his fists at Ye Xuan. "Young master Ye, we will meet again!"
With that, he turned and left!
At this moment, they naturally did not dare to stay here for long!
They were still afraid of Ye Xuan and the ancient temple!
At this time, Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Pavilion Master Jiang, is this Dao Village very powerful?"
Jiang Yu hesitated, then said, "Very mysterious!
In terms of strength, it might be above my Immortal Pavilion and God Palace! "
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "Then what do you plan to do?"
Jiang Yu was silent.
The study house was in the hands of the Dao Village, so they naturally would not give it up. However, this Dao Village was not God Palace!
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Pavilion Master Jiang, I feel that we should still be careful!"
Jiang Yu looked at Ye Xuan. "Young master Ye also needs to be careful!"
With that, he turned and left with the crowd.
Soon, the Dao World experts left the Fifth Dimension.
At this time, the ancient temple's abbot suddenly said, "If we had attacked just now …"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Could we have destroyed them?"
The ancient temple's abbot shook his head. "But we could have killed more than ten Self Release Realm experts!"
Ye Xuan said softly, "It would have been meaningless!
After all, the study house is not in their hands! "
The ancient temple's abbot frowned. "Is the study house really in the hands of the Dao Village?"
Ye Xuan said seriously, "Are you doubting the Pope?"
The ancient temple's abbot shook his head. "I just feel that this matter is a little strange!
Logically, the Pope would not sacrifice himself for the Dao Village!
This does not make sense! "
Ye Xuan smiled. "Perhaps there is a reason we do not know!"
The abbot of the ancient temple was silent.
Ye Xuan walked over and looked around before he said, "Abbot, do you think there was someone here just now?"
The ancient temple's abbot frowned slightly. He put his palms together and soon, the space around him shook violently.
A moment later, the abbot said solemnly, "There was someone here just now!"
Ye Xuan narrowed his eyes. "Someone's here!"
The ancient temple's abbot said, "Looks like this matter is a little complicated!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "There's nothing complicated about it. Abbot, all we need to do now is wait!
I believe that it won't be long before the study room appears! "
The abbot looked at Ye Xuan, "This old monk believes in Young master Ye!"
Ye Xuan laughed and said, "Abbot of the ancient temple, I need to go back for a period of time. Let's go back to the ancient temple first.
I will come to the ancient temple at that time! "
The abbot hesitated for a moment before he said, "Let the sadhus stay here!
That's more peaceful! "
As if they thought of something, they added, "It's not to keep an eye on Young Master Ye. If you don't want to, I can bring them back with me!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "How could that be?
Let them stay here!
When the time comes, I will return to the ancient temple with them! "
The ancient temple's abbot put his palms together. He took out a Buddhist scripture and passed it to Ye Xuan, "Young master Ye, when you have nothing to do, you can read the Buddhist scriptures to calm your mind!"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Alright!"
The ancient temple's abbot nodded slightly before turning around and leaving.
Ye Xuan looked behind him. Guan Yin had arrived at some point in time.
Guan Yin looked at Ye Xuan, "You've improved?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Guan Yin smiled and said, "Congratulations!"
Ye Xuan sized up Guan Yin and a trace of surprise flashed in his eyes, "Half-step Escape?
One? "
Guan Yin nodded.
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "That was fast!"
Needless to say, Guan Yin's innate talent was really high. As expected of the most monstrous genius in the history of the Spirit of Nine Yin Tribe!
Guan Yin shook his head. "I still can't win!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "It's because my physical body is restrained. If it wasn't for that, I might not have been able to win!"
He wasn't being humble. If not for his body restraining Guan Yin, he might not have been able to defeat Guan Yin!
"What do you plan to do next?" Guan Yin asked softly.
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Development!"
Guan Yin nodded. "This is indeed a good opportunity for us to develop!"
Ye Xuan said, "Is there anyone in the Five Dimensions who has reached Release One?"
Guan Yin looked at Ye Xuan. "Yes!"
Ye Xuan asked, "Ah Jiu?
Or Situ? "
Guan Yin shook his head. "Little Seven!"
Little Seven!
Ye Xuan was stunned, and then he said, "She attained Self Release?"
Guan Yin nodded.
Ye Xuan was silent.
He didn't expect Little Seven to be the first to reach Release One in the Five Dimensions!
The youngest Release One?
Guan Yin hesitated and then said, "Little Seven might be different from others!"
Ye Xuan asked, "What do you mean?"
Guan Yin said, "I heard Lady Ah Jiu say that she might be a reincarnator!"
Reincarnator!
Ye Xuan was silent.
Actually, when he was in the lower realms, he felt that Little Seven was abnormal.
Especially when Little Seven's sword could actually merge with the plain-dressed woman's sword!
Ye Xuan was silent for a moment and then said softly, "I hope she doesn't become someone else!"
Guan Yin nodded. "This is what we are worried about. But from the looks of it, Little Seven is still normal."
Ye Xuan nodded. "Is she the only one who has reached Release One?"
Guan Yin shook her head. "Aro, Ah Jiu, Situ, and Lady An are all in closed door cultivation.
If nothing unexpected happens, they should be able to reach Release One! "
Ye Xuan nodded. "What about the formation?"
Guan Yin said, "Follow me!"
With that, she turned and left.
Ye Xuan followed.
After Ye Xuan and the others left, a black-clothed man suddenly appeared on the scene. After a moment of silence, the black-clothed man said softly, "Pope … Using death to frame my Dao Village … Is he crazy?"
....
Ye Xuan followed Guan Yin to a starry sky. At this time, Old Li had been waiting for a long time.
Ye Xuan looked at Old Li. Old Li said solemnly, "Alliance Leader Ye, the power of this formation might not be simple. You must be mentally prepared!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "I am already prepared!"
Old Li nodded, and then he turned around. "Depart the formation!"
As soon as he spoke, the starry sky around them trembled violently, and then countless mysterious golden talismans appeared. At this moment, the entire starry sky was covered by the formation.
Ye Xuan glanced at the formation and said, "Is it strong?"
Old Li said, "Let's give it a try!"
Ye Xuan nodded, drew his sword, and slashed.
Hiss!
A ray of light tore through the air, and it vanished without a trace as soon as it entered the formation!
Ye Xuan was slightly surprised. He gazed at Old Li, and Old Li smiled. "Spatial Shift!
We've built a powerful Spatial Formation within this formation. Any power that enters it will be automatically transferred away by the Spatial Formation.
Currently, the energy of even Self Release Realm experts can be easily moved away. "
Ye Xuan was quite shocked. "Amazing!"
Old Li clapped his hands, and a golden formation suddenly appeared beneath Ye Xuan's feet.
Old Li said, "That's the core of the formation!"
Ye Xuan glanced at the core of the formation beneath his feet and said, "How do I activate it?"
Old Li turned around and said, "Activate it!"
As soon as he finished speaking, a strand of dazzling golden light suddenly erupted from the formation beneath Ye Xuan's feet. A moment later, the golden talismans in the surroundings seemed as if they'd come to life, and boundless energy surged towards Ye Xuan. In an instant, a strand of enormous energy filled Ye Xuan's body, and it was like a torrent that caused Ye Xuan's body to tremble.
At this moment, Ye Xuan's expression changed!
Because he noticed that the energy was converging incessantly towards him, and even though his body was extremely strong, it was still slightly difficult for him to endure.
Ye Xuan gazed at Old Li, "You can stop now!"
Old Li nodded, and then he clapped his hands lightly. It didn't take long for the golden talismans to fall silent!
Ye Xuan glanced at his body, and he noticed that the energy within him hadn't vanished. However, it didn't stay within him either, and it was slowly flowing away.
Meanwhile, Old Li suddenly said, "I asked someone to gather this energy within these talismans in advance. These talismans form a formation, and every single one of them contains an enormous amount of energy. In battle, Alliance Master Ye can draw energy from these talismans and add it to his own strength. It can be said that you're completely capable of relying on this formation to kill an expert like the Sect Master."
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "It still needs to be strengthened!"
Old Li was stunned, and then he said, "It still needs to be strengthened?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Old Li, our enemy isn't just the Dao World, it's the Fifth Dimension Tribulation as well!
We have to prepare for the worst when facing that calamity! "
Old Li spoke in a low voice, "But if we continue strengthening it, then Young Master Ye's body …."
Ye Xuan smiled, "I can endure it!"
If it was in the past, then he would definitely be unable to endure it. But now, he was completely capable of doing so.
Because his current body was the Steel Buddhist Physique!
Old Li thought about it, and then he said, "Alright!
I'll have people continue strengthening this formation! "
As he spoke, he looked at Guan Yin, "Miss Guan, please send more people to strengthen this formation as well!"
Guan Yin nodded. "I'll arrange it!"
Old Li looked at Ye Xuan, "Alliance Master Ye, do you have any other requests?"
Ye Xuan thought about it, and then he said, "Both of you, you have to remember one thing, and that is that our greatest enemy is the Fifth Dimension Tribulation!
So, we have to be prepared for anything. Otherwise, we might all die! "
Guan Yin nodded, "I understand!"
Old Li nodded, "I'll strengthen our formation at all costs."
Ye Xuan raised his head, and then he said, "Besides the Fifth Dimension Tribulation, we still have enemies outside. I'll deal with them!"
Guan Yin nodded, "Alright!"
Ye Xuan suddenly turned his head and saw a woman slowly walking over.
It was Qian Mo!
Qian Mo walked in front of Ye Xuan, "Let's talk in private?"
Guan Yin said, "Let's talk!
I'm going to busy myself! "
As she spoke, she and Old Li turned and left.
Ye Xuan looked at Qian Mo, "Miss Qian Mo, is something the matter?"
Qian Mo said, "My bloodline has broken through its shackles!"
Ye Xuan was stunned, and then he smiled, "That's a good thing!"
Qian Mo glanced at Ye Xuan, but didn't say anything.
Ye Xuan said, "If there's anything, just say it, I …"
Qian Mo suddenly said, "Do you want to dual cultivate?"
Ye Xuan was dumbfounded, "Huh?"
.....





Chapter 1252
You want to dual cultivate?
Ye Xuan was dumbfounded.
What was going on?
Qian Mo was expressionless. "Why? You don't want to?"
Ye Xuan hesitated and said, "Miss Qian Mo …"
Qian Mo shrugged. "Although my bloodline has broken through, it can still help me grow!"
Ye Xuan was puzzled. "Why?"
Qian Mo said indifferently, "Because the power of your bloodline is stronger than mine!"
Ye Xuan fell silent.
Qian Mo frowned. "Are you going to do it or not?"
Ye Xuan had a strange expression. "Miss Qian Mo, are you using me?"
Qian Mo said coldly, "Am I at a disadvantage?"
Ye Xuan was about to speak when Qian Mo suddenly grabbed Ye Xuan's shoulder. "Stop talking nonsense!
Hurry up … "
With that, she disappeared with Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan was speechless.
"Miss Qian Mo, I am a person with principles …"
"Why are you so stubborn?"
“.....”
..
Dao World.
After Jiang Yu and the others returned to the Dao World, they did not go to the Dao Village immediately. Instead, they started to heal.
They did not dare to underestimate the Dao Village!
The Dao Village was the most mysterious place, and the reason for that was because no one knew how strong they were!
Unknown!
Therefore, Jiang Yu did not act rashly this time.
However, he did not think of giving up!
After all, he had almost 52 Self Release Realm experts standing behind him!
More and more people came to him for the Dao scripture.
It could be said that he was not afraid of anyone!
There were many people!
On this day, a woman arrived at the Celestial Pavilion. She wore a long green dress and her long hair fluttered in the wind. She held a black folding fan in her hand.
The woman walked to the front of the Celestial Pavilion. At this moment, the Pavilion Master, Jiang Yu, appeared before her.
Jiang Yu looked at the woman. "From the Dao Village?"
The woman nodded. "Greetings, Pavilion Master Jiang!"
Jiang Yu sneered. "The Dao Village has a good trick!"
Li Qing shook his head. "I'm here to clarify with Pavilion Master Jiang that the study is not in the hands of our Dao Village."
Jiang Yu frowned. "It's not in the hands of the Dao Village?"
Li Qing nodded. "Indeed, it's not in the hands of my Dao Village!
As for why the Pope said that, it was probably to stir up conflict between my Dao Village and all of you. "
Jiang Yu looked at Li Qing. "He used his life to stir up conflict between us and the Dao Village?
It can't be, right? "
Li Qing smiled and said, "This is also what we are confused about, because our Dao Village has never had any grudges with the Pope!"
Jiang Yu said calmly, "So?"
Li Qing smiled and said, "Pavilion Master Jiang, we're just here to clarify things. As for whether Pavilion Master Jiang believes it or not, it's up to Pavilion Master Jiang!"
With that, she turned around and left.
At this time, Jiang Yu suddenly said, "Do you think I believe you?"
Li Qing stopped in her tracks and looked at Jiang Yu. "Pavilion Master Jiang, a brain is a good thing. I hope you have it too!"
With that, she turned around and left.
Suddenly, Jiang Yu made his move.
Li Qing didn't even turn his head as a green light flashed across the field.
Bang!
A muffled explosion resounded as Jiang Yu returned to where he stood earlier.
At this moment, Li Qing had vanished.
Jiang Yu had an extremely solemn expression on his face.
Meanwhile, Mo Dao appeared by Jiang Yu's side, and he spoke solemnly, "Pavilion Master, there really is something fishy about all of this!"
Jiang Yu spoke solemnly, "What do you mean?"
Mo Dao thought for a moment and said, "Firstly, the Pope's death is quite strange. Logically speaking, it's impossible for him to sacrifice himself for the Dao Village.
Not to mention sacrificing himself for the Dao Village, he wouldn't even do that for his own son.
Secondly, when I thought about all this time, I noticed that ….
The Devil Dao Clans are gone!
Secondly, the Imperial Clans are gradually declining. Thirdly, the God Palace is gone!
In less than two months, only our Dao Village and our Dao World remain!
Now, there's conflict between us and the Dao Village …. "
Jiang Yu frowned slightly, "You mean that someone wants the various powers of our Dao World to kill each other?"
Mo Dao nodded, "Yes!"
Jiang Yu spoke solemnly, "Who?"
Mo Dao hesitated for a moment before he said, "I think it's the ancient temple or Ye Xuan!
This is because chaos in our Dao World is the most beneficial to them! "
Ye Xuan!
An ancient temple!
Jiang Yu shook his head. "The ancient temple and Ye Xuan do not have the ability to silently take away the Pope and the study in front of us!"
Demon Dao said in a low voice, "This is also what I've been wondering about!"
Jiang Yu said softly, "Ever since this Dao Scripture appeared, this world has become more and more difficult for me to understand!"
Mo Dao fell silent.
Jiang Yu suddenly said, "Actually, my intuition is telling me that I should stop here and not think about the Dao Scripture anymore. Because the more I think about it, the more uneasy I feel."
Mo Dao said solemnly, "Is Pavilion Master going to give up?"
Jiang Yu shook his head. "If I give up, I will stop at the Self Release Realm for the rest of my life!"
The Dao scripture was his hope!
The only hope to rush above Self Release!
Although his intuition told him that continuing to search would be dangerous, he still did not want to give up!
Men die for wealth, and birds die for food.
If he didn't fight now, he could only wait for death!
Jiang Yu suddenly said, "Speak, who is most likely to have the Dao Scripture?"
Demon Dao said in a low voice, "First, Ye Xuan and the ancient temple. Second, the Dao Village.
Third, an unknown faction! "
Jiang Yu frowned. "Unknown faction?"
Mo Dao nodded. "Yes.
Pavilion Master should know that the Dao World is not the only existence in this universe. "
Jiang Yu fell silent.
Mo Dao said, "We can continue to search for the Dao Scripture, but we cannot be rash.
In my opinion, the Pope blew himself up. It is highly likely that he was framed by someone!
Because he had no reason to risk his life for someone else!
Even the Dao Village would not make the Pope risk his life for them. If he didn't do it for someone else, then there is only one explanation: he was framed! "
Jiang Yu said in a soft voice, "At the time, he had nowhere to go, so he wanted to frame the Dao Village before he died, so that we could fight the Dao Village to the death!"
Mo Dao nodded. "That is completely possible!"
Jiang Yu fell silent.
Mo Dao said, "Pavilion Master, the most important thing for us to do now is to investigate who took the Pope away.
Apart from that, we also need to investigate the Dao Village and the ancient temple to see if they have the Dao Scripture!
Also, we need to ally with the remaining factions, such as the Emperor Clans and the Demonic Path Clans. We need to gather all the power we can to strengthen ourselves.
Didn't Ye Xuan set up a Fifth Dimension Alliance in the Fifth Dimension?
We can also set up a Dao World Alliance! "
Jiang Yu nodded. "Alright!
We'll do as you say! "
Mo Dao nodded, then turned and left.
Jiang Yu looked at the horizon, a trace of worry in his eyes.
Who was messing with the Dao World?
....
After Li Qing left the Immortal Pavilion, she came to the depths of a mountain range. There was a small village in the depths of the mountain range. The village was surrounded by steep mountains, and from time to time, red-crowned cranes flew out.
Dao Village.
Outsiders knew very little about the Dao Village, because the people of the Dao Village basically did not go out.
After Li Qing returned to the Dao Village, an old man appeared in front of her as soon as she arrived.
This person was the Dao Village Chief, Li Er!
Li Qing bowed slightly. "Chief!"
Li Er nodded. "How is it?"
Li Qing shook her head. "They don't believe it!"
Li Er said softly, "The Pope wanted to cause conflict between them and us before he died!
What a vicious heart! "
Li Qing said solemnly, "What we need to do now is find out who exactly has the Dao Scripture!"
Li Er nodded. "The Devil Master is already investigating!"
The Devil Master!
Li Qing blinked.
Qing blinked, "She's awake?"
Li Er nodded. "Follow me!"
Li Er led Li Qing to a thatched cottage. There was a black-robed woman in the cottage. She wore a black robe and had a head full of red hair. She looked rather strange!
Before her was a divination platform with two tortoiseshells on it.
The woman muttered something, and the space before her trembled slightly. After an unknown period of time, the red-haired woman suddenly picked up the tortoiseshells. "Boundless Heaven and Earth, Move the Universal Order …"
Very quickly, the space here suddenly trembled. Before long, a red thread flew out from the divination platform. It didn't take long for the red thread to travel through space and arrive in a certain starry sky.
A woman was roasting fish in that starry sky. It was Mu Niannian.
Suddenly, Mu Niannian raised her head. She looked not too far away and gently blocked it with her right hand. In an instant, the red thread was imprisoned in that space.
Mu Niannian looked at the red thread and smiled. "Interesting. It's actually the legendary divination technique!"
Ling 'er who was next to Mu Niannian asked, "What's divination technique?"
Mu Niannian said, "It's a very ancient technique. Just like divination, it's something from a very, very long time ago!
I didn't expect that someone in this world would still know it! "
Ling 'er asked, "Did she find it?"
Mu Niannian smiled. "Yes!
However, she underestimated me. This level of divination technique can't touch me. "
As she said that, she gently pulled her fingers together. Soon, the red thread flew in another direction. Under Mu Niannian's control, the red thread arrived in front of the Dao World's barrier of the universe.
Mu Niannian retracted her hand and the corners of her mouth curled up mischievously.
Dao Village.
The red-haired woman in the house suddenly opened her eyes and frowned deeply.
Li Er asked, "What's wrong?"
The red-haired woman replied in a deep voice, "In front of the Dao World's barrier of the universe!"
Upon hearing that, Li Er's expression changed slightly. "It's them?"
The red-haired woman shook her head. "I don't know."
As she said that, she looked at the two tortoise shells in front of her. The tortoise shells were in a mess, which had never happened before.
Li Er asked, "What's wrong?"
The red-haired woman was silent for a long time. "There are two possibilities. First, the book house is on the other side of the universe. Second, someone changed my divination technique."
Li Er asked in a deep voice, "Is it possible that it's the second possibility?"
The red-haired woman nodded. "It's possible!
However, if the other party really has this kind of strength … "
A trace of worry flashed in her eyes. "That's too scary!"
...
In the starry sky, Mu Niannian was still grilling fish. It was very fragrant.
At this moment, the space in front of her suddenly trembled violently. Immediately, a phantom image suddenly appeared in front of Mu Niannian. The phantom image was wearing a white robe and a square crown. He was holding a white ruler in his hand.
Mu Niannian looked at the phantom image. The phantom image bowed respectfully. "The Prime Minister of the Godly Kingdom of Xumi, Fang Tangshi, greets His Holiness!"
The corner of Mu Niannian's mouth raised slightly. "His Holiness?"
Fang Tangshi bowed again. "It's an honorific title above Void Release Ones."
Mu Niannian blinked. "I'm not above Void Release Ones!
It's true!
I'm very weak! "
Fang Tangshi bowed respectfully again. "His Holiness, please don't joke around!"
Mu Niannian picked up the grilled fish in front of her, took a bite, and then smiled. "What's the matter?"
Fang Tangshi bowed again. "His Holiness, His Majesty wants to invite His Holiness to the Godly Kingdom of Xumi as the State Preceptor!"
Mu Niannian looked at Fang Tangshi. "They want to come over and seize the study house!"
Fang Tangshi nodded. "Yes!
His Holiness, please! "
Mu Niannian shook her head. "Before I die, they are not allowed to come over."
Fang Tangshi was silent.
The corner of Mu Niannian's mouth raised slightly. "Do you want to fight?
I, Mu Niannian, am invincible in Void Release Ones. Above Void Release Ones, any realm, with the exception of three swords, one for one!
May I ask, what realm is His Majesty? "
....
PS: Do you want to vote?
I want any vote!
May I ask, how many votes do you have?





Chapter 1253
In the starry sky, Fang Tangshi was silent.
In truth, when they found out that dao scripture had reappeared, they wanted to come over.
However, they were afraid.
It was because of this woman!
This woman was above Self Release!
Moreover, her above Self Release was different from others, she was truly above Self Release.
In other words, she was above Self Release and had truly surpassed the grand dao.
This was Self Release without any excess!
To put it bluntly, dozens of fake Self Release realm experts could not compare to a true Self Release realm expert.
The difference between excess and no excess was too big.
At this moment, Mu Niannian suddenly smiled, "I don't have much time left!"
Fang Tangshi looked at Mu Niannian. Mu Niannian smiled, "Just one or two years. After I die, you can come over if you want!
However, before I die, I will kill every one of you who comes over! "
Fang Tangshi softly said, "Lord, take care!"
With that, he retreated.
At this moment, Ling 'er's voice suddenly rang out, "Do you really only have two years left?"
Her voice was trembling.
Mu Niannian smiled, "Silly girl, I lied to him, hehe!"
With that, she turned around with a trace of worry in her eyes.
....
In the Fifth Dimension.
At this moment, Ye Xuan and Qian Mo were having sex in a small dark room …
It had to be said that Ye Xuan was very passive!
This was because Qian Mo was too proactive!
The two took a long time.
In the beginning, the two did not focus on cultivation. Only later did they start to use dual cultivation techniques.
Ye Xuan found that this dual cultivation technique was very useful, especially for his bloodline.
Of course, Qian Mo obtained even more benefits!
This was because Ye Xuan's bloodline power was much stronger than hers!
Just like this, the two continued until the second day. On the morning of the second day, when the sun rose, the two ended.
Ye Xuan put on his clothes and came out of the room. Not far away, Qian Mo sat on a rock. In front of her was an ocean.
Ye Xuan walked to Qian Mo's side. Qian Mo asked softly, "What are your plans now?"
Ye Xuan lightly touched the fragments on his chest and said softly, "Protect the Five-Dimensional Universe!"
Qian Mo turned to look at Ye Xuan and smiled, "Are you that great?"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "Responsibility!"
Right now, the entire Fifth Dimension was following Ye Xuan. Moreover, his friends were also here, so he was duty-bound to take care of them.
Qian Mo looked at Ye Xuan. "That scripture is still in your hands, right?"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "No, but I know who has it!"
Qian Mo asked, "Whose hands?"
Ye Xuan was silent.
Qian Mo smiled and said, "I'm asking too much!"
With that, she got up to leave.
Meanwhile, Ye Xuan suddenly said, "It's with Nian Nian!"
Mu Niannian!
The reason why he knew this was not a guess, but because he could feel the presence of the study room.
The study room had its own spirit!
Qian Mo said solemnly, "It really is her!"
In her opinion, other than that woman, no one could take away the study room in front of dozens of Self Release Realm experts without a sound!
That woman was even more terrifying than she had imagined!
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "What about you?
What are your plans? "
Qian Mo said softly, "I want to revive the family, but it will be very difficult!
Because the bloodline of the family members has become very thin!
Unless … "
Ye Xuan asked. "Unless what?" Qian Mo looked at Ye Xuan. "Unless I have a child with you!"
Ye Xuan looked at Qian Mo and did not say anything.
Qian Mo smiled and said, "Don't be angry, I will not have a child with you. We are already fated to be together, I do not want a child to inherit this fate. This is my bottom line."
Ye Xuan walked in front of Qian Mo and said solemnly, "No matter what you think of our relationship, I just want to say that if you need any help, just say it.
Of course, if I need help, I will also find you. Is that okay? "
Qian Mo looked at Ye Xuan for a long time. "Okay!"
Ye Xuan smiled and was about to speak when Qian Mo suddenly said, "Will we develop feelings for each other after a long time?"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
This sentence was very problematic!
After a while, the two left, and Qian Mo returned to the Dao World.
After Ye Xuan dealt with the matters of the Fifth Dimension, he came to the ancient temple. He had to borrow the power of the ancient temple to deal with the Dao World.
It could be said that he and the ancient temple were using each other!
As for who would benefit in the end, it was still unknown.
Inside the ancient temple.
Ye Xuan and the abbot sat opposite each other. Beside him was a female monk.
Hui Xin!
During his time in the ancient temple, Ye Xuan had discovered that Hui Xin was the ancient temple's focus on nurturing.
Two hours later, the abbot put away the Buddhist scriptures and said, "Hui Xin, you can leave!"
Hui Xin put her palms together and retreated.
The abbot looked at Ye Xuan. "Young Master Ye, according to our investigation, Jiang Yu and the others did not fight the Dao Village to the death!"
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "That means they might feel that something is wrong."
The abbot nodded. "Young Master Ye, in your opinion, who has the Dao scripture?"
Ye Xuan thought about it and said, "If it is not the Dao Village, then it is in the Godly Kingdom of Xumi."
The abbot looked at Ye Xuan and did not say anything.
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Master, don't tell me you think it is in my hands?"
The abbot shook his head. "Not at all!
When the Dao World was in trouble, Young Master Ye was in the ancient temple. "
Ye Xuan nodded and said with a smile, "It is good that Master does not suspect me!"
The abbot suddenly said, "Could it be the work of the person behind Young Master Ye?"
Ye Xuan's heart trembled. The abbot had guessed in this direction!
What he was most afraid of was the Dao World and the ancient temple guessing in this direction. If that was the case, everyone would focus on him, Ye Xuan!
Ye Xuan collected his thoughts and said with a smile, "Abbot, what do you think?"
The abbot looked at Ye Xuan and did not say anything.
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Master, there is someone behind me, and that is the plain-dressed woman. But she is not in the Dao World or the Six-Dimensional Universe, right?"
The abbot shook his head. "There is someone behind Young Master Ye!"
Ye Xuan asked, "Who?"
The abbot said in a deep voice, "Fifth Dimension Tendo!"
Ye Xuan blinked and said, "Could it be that she took the Dao scripture?"
The abbot looked at Ye Xuan and did not say anything.
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Master, what do you think the strength of the Fifth Dimension Tendo is?"
The abbot said softly, "At least the Extreme Self Release Realm!"
The Extreme Self Release Realm!
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Then do you think that she can take away the study room in front of dozens of Self Release Realm experts?"
The abbot was silent.
Ye Xuan said, "Master, what do you think of my relationship with the Fifth Dimension Tendo?"
The abbot shook his head. "I don't know!"
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Isn't she using me?
She wants to obtain the Dao scripture from me? "
The abbot hesitated and said, "What about the plain-dressed woman?
Is she also trying to obtain the Dao scripture from Young Master Ye? "
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Abbot, do you know the true strength of the plain-dressed woman?"
The abbot thought about it and said, "At least the Extreme Self Release Realm!"
Ye Xuan asked, "Can she take away the study room in front of dozens of Self Release Realm experts?"
The abbot was silent.
Actually, in his opinion, this was not something a Self Release Realm expert could do!
However, the study room had disappeared!
Who was the one behind this?
The abbot sighed. This matter was becoming more and more complicated.
The ancient temple's abbot looked at Ye Xuan, "Young Master Ye, you said before that if you reach Self Release Realm, you will be able to find the Dao scripture. Is that true?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "If I reach Self Release Realm, I will be able to sense the location of the study room. After all, it has recognized me as its master. But right now, I am too weak, I cannot sense it."
The ancient temple's abbot said in a deep voice, "Young Master Ye is not joking?"
Ye Xuan said, "I am serious!"
The ancient temple's abbot nodded, "Then let us help Young Master Ye break through to Self Release Realm!"
Ye Xuan said, "I have just stabilized my realm, now that I am breaking through …"
The ancient temple's abbot clasped his hands together, "Young Master Ye, don't worry, we won't act recklessly. With our help, Young Master Ye's realm will not be a problem. It is just that, after Young Master Ye reaches Self Release Realm, this old monk hopes that Young Master Ye can sense the location of the study room. That study room is really important to my ancient temple!"
Ye Xuan clasped his hands together, "A monk does not lie."
The ancient temple's abbot's eyelids twitched. What kind of monk are you!
This person is really a devil!
Ye Xuan said again, "Master, forgive me for being blunt, but you should have investigated me and know what kind of person I, Ye Xuan, am!
I, Ye Xuan, have never sold out my allies, right?
Moreover, I have never taken the initiative to harm anyone, right? "
The ancient temple's abbot was silent.
Needless to say, they had investigated Ye Xuan.
In their investigation, Ye Xuan's character was indeed not bad.
Just like this time, Ye Xuan could have left the Fifth Dimension, but Ye Xuan did not do so. Instead, he stayed to resist the Fifth Dimension calamity with the Fifth Dimension!
To put it simply, Ye Xuan was a person who valued friendship and righteousness!
Thinking of this, the ancient temple's abbot clasped his hands together, "Young Master Ye, no matter what, I hope we can cooperate as soon as possible."
Ye Xuan nodded, "I hope so too!"
The ancient temple's abbot said, "Young Master Ye, you are now at the Origin Returning Realm Shattering Realm, and during this period of time, you have been cultivating Buddhist Dharma in my ancient temple. Your realm has stabilized, and now you are trying to reach Self Release Realm …"
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Master, isn't it half-step Self Release Realm?"
The ancient temple's abbot shook his head, "Half-step Self Release Realm is a saying that one cannot reach Self Release Realm. To put it simply, the limit of Origin Returning Realm Shattering Realm is half-step Self Release Realm. Because there is no way to reach Self Release Realm, I changed it to a nicer sounding name, which is half-step Self Release Realm!
As for you, there is no need for half-step Self Release Realm, you can directly reach Self Release Realm! "
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Alright!"
The abbot stood up, "Young Master Ye, follow me!"
Ye Xuan nodded and followed.
Not long later, the abbot brought Ye Xuan to the Martial Arts Hall. Zhi Jue was also there.
The ancient temple's abbot took out a golden box. He opened the box, and inside the box was a white pill that was very pure.
Ye Xuan was a little surprised, "Master, this is?"
The ancient temple's abbot said, "Dao pill, it can strengthen Young Master Ye's physique, allowing Young Master Ye to better reach Self Release Realm!"
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "Self Release Realm, isn't it said to transcend the Grand Dao?
Can you just eat pills? "
The ancient temple's abbot shook his head, "No!
Later, I will ask the senior monks of the past to help Young Master Ye, and let them bring Young Master Ye to the Virtual Buddha Realm, so that Young Master Ye can comprehend it. As for whether it succeeds or not, it will all depend on Young Master Ye's own luck! "
,.....





Chapter 1254
Self Release!
Ye Xuan was silent.
If he could reach Self Release, at that time, the situation would be completely different!
Because at that time, he would be able to continue using the World Prison Pagoda!
Right now, the World Prison Pagoda was still his greatest trump card!
It could be said that once he reached Self Release, he would undergo a qualitative change!
The ancient temple's abbot brought Ye Xuan to a hall in the Martial Arts Hall. Inside the hall, there was a Buddha statue.
The abbot respectfully bowed to the Buddha statue and then turned to look at Zhi Jue. The latter slightly nodded, clasped his hands together and retreated!
The ancient temple's abbot looked at Ye Xuan, "Young master Ye, whether or not you can succeed will depend on your own luck!"
After saying that, he also retreated.
After the abbot retreated, Ye Xuan discovered that the space in front of him suddenly became illusory …
...
Outside the hall.
Zhi Jue solemnly said, "Abbot … are you really going to help Young master Ye reach Self Release?"
The abbot nodded.
Zhi Jue wanted to say something but hesitated.
The abbot softly said, "You want to say that once he reaches Self Release, he will be a great threat to us, right?"
Zhi Jue nodded, "He is a heavenly genius. Right now, he can already fight against an upper Self Release powerhouse. If he reaches Self Release, I'm afraid an ordinary upper Self Release powerhouse will not be his opponent!"
The abbot said, "I know!"
Zhi Jue said, "Abbot, do you have other plans?"
The abbot turned to look at the hall and softly said, "If he is really willing to share the Dao Scripture with us, then all problems will not exist!"
Zhi Jue asked, "What if he is not willing?"
The abbot clasped his hands together, "We can only gamble, gamble on his character!"
...
Inside the hall, the current Ye Xuan was already in a starry sky. Around him, there were six illusory monks.
The six monks were looking at him!
Ye Xuan clasped his hands together and slightly bowed, "Greetings, seniors!"
At this time, a monk in front of him suddenly said, "You are not from my ancient temple!"
Ye Xuan looked at the monk. "In your eyes, Master, is there a distinction between inside and outside the temple?"
The monk looked at Ye Xuan. After a moment, he smiled. "Interesting. Are you going to discuss Buddhism with me?"
Ye Xuan asked, "Master, in your heart, your Dharma is higher than mine, so I'm not qualified to discuss with you?"
The monk clasped his hands together. "Little brother, are you here to fight?"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
At this moment, the monk said again, "However, what you said makes sense. There's an ancient saying that when three people walk together, there must be a teacher. There's something we can learn from everyone."
Ye Xuan clasped his hands together. "Grandmaster, please forgive me if I offended you just now!"
The monk said with a smile, "It's fine!
Since you can appear here, it means that we are fated. "
Ye Xuan said, "To tell you the truth, I am a disciple of the ancient temple!
This time, I came to seek guidance from everyone on how to reach Self Release One! "
Self Release One!
In the field, the monks looked at each other. In the end, the monk in front of Ye Xuan said, "Do you want to reach True Self Release One or False Self Release One?"
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "There's a distinction between True and False Self?"
The monk nodded. "Yes.
True Self Release One transcends the Great Dao and is not within the Dao. False Self Release One is still within the Dao. However, one is familiar with the Dao and is on the same level as the Dao. "
Ye Xuan asked, "Is there a difference between the two?"
The monk nodded slightly. "A world of difference!"
Ye Xuan said, "I want True Self Release One!"
The monk looked at Ye Xuan. "We can't do it!"
Ye Xuan's face darkened. He felt like he was being toyed with.
！
The monk said with a smile, "True Self Release One, truly surpassing the Great Dao, this isn't an ordinary level of difficulty.
To tell you the truth, none of you here have reached True Self Release One on the Great Dao! "
Ye Xuan frowned. "Why?"
The monk said, "Because we can't escape the circle of the Great Dao!"
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "Is it very difficult?"
The monk smiled bitterly. "What you're saying … Is it very simple in your opinion?"
Ye Xuan smiled embarrassedly. "Senior, then I can only become False Self Release One?"
The monk nodded. "You can't say that. Even though there's a world of difference between False Self Release One and True Self Release One, False Self Release One can allow you to better understand True Self Release One.
This is a process. After you experience this process, it'll be much easier for you to attain True Self Release One in the future! "
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "Then I'll False Self Release One for now!"
The monk nodded and was about to speak. Right at this moment, a monk in a kasaya on Ye Xuan's right suddenly said, "Wait."
Everyone in the surroundings gazed at the monk when they heard this.
The monk gazed at Ye Xuan. "The karma and fate you carry … Can you walk a little closer?"
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment, and then he walked over to the monk.
The monk in the kasaya lightly tapped the space between Ye Xuan's eyebrows. A moment later, some red threads appeared around Ye Xuan, but they disappeared in the blink of an eye. At this moment, the monk in the kasaya retreated.
The monk gazed at Ye Xuan with disbelief in his eyes. "The Cause of Misfortune!"
Ye Xuan frowned slightly. "The Cause of Misfortune?
What's that? "
The monk stared fixedly at Ye Xuan. "You carry the Cause of Misfortune. It's an extremely vicious Karmic Technique, and someone placed it on you."
Ye Xuan spoke in a low voice. "Will it bring misfortune to me?"
The monk spoke in a low voice. "Not only will it bring misfortune to you, it will bring misfortune to the people around you as well. It can be said that you'll suffer misfortune for the rest of your life with this Cause of Misfortune on you …"
When he spoke up to this point, he seemed to have thought of something, and his brows knit together slightly. "Wait! How could you have possibly survived until now!?"
The corners of Ye Xuan's eyes twitched. What the hell is that!?
Meanwhile, the monk took a deep and long glance at Ye Xuan, and then he said, "Young man, you're not simple at all!"
Ye Xuan spoke in a low voice. "Senior, can this Cause of Misfortune be removed?"
The monk shook his head. "It can't be removed. Not to mention removing it, I can't even touch it."
As he spoke, he gazed at the monk who stood before Ye Xuan, "Wu Wang, let's not touch this Karma!"
Ye Xuan fell silent.
Obviously, the monk before him had sensed the Karma on him.
But the monk was very simple!
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Guys, goodbye!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he turned around and left.
Even though he was thick-skinned, he wasn't shameless.
At this moment, a monk suddenly said, "Hold on."
Ye Xuan looked at the person who spoke. It was a monk who wore two strands of Buddha beads on his head. The monk's face was rough, and his eyes were spirited. He exuded an imposing aura without being angry.
Everyone looked at the monk with the Buddha beads, and the monk looked at the monk in the kasaya. "Zhui Ming, you said that he has the Cause of Misfortune on him?"
The monk in the kasaya nodded, "Yes!"
The monk with the Buddha beads smiled and said, "Then have you ever thought about the problem of him being able to live until now despite having the Cause of Misfortune on him?"
The monk in the kasaya fell silent.
The monk with the Buddha beads looked at Ye Xuan. "He has the Cause of Misfortune, but he's able to live until now. What does this mean?
It means that he might also have great fortune! "
Zhui Ming frowned slightly, "Misfortune, fortune?"
The monk with the Buddha beads smiled and said, "They can coexist!
The Cause of Misfortune is man-made, so naturally, fortune can also be man-made. "
As he spoke, he looked at Ye Xuan once more, "Little friend, if I'm not wrong, you have an expert behind you, right?"
Ye Xuan said seriously, "To tell you the truth, I do have an expert behind me."
The monk with the Buddha beads looked at Ye Xuan. "For him to be able to help you resist the Cause of Misfortune, he's not simple!"
Ye Xuan smiled and did not speak.
At this moment, he felt a little upset in his heart!
Qing 'er!
This woman rarely saw him, but he did not know how much she had sacrificed for him.
He knew that it was Qing 'er who had helped him resist the Cause of Misfortune!
But where was she now?
At this moment, the nearby Monk Wu Wang suddenly said, "Since he is here, then it must be fate."
The monk with the Buddha beads nodded slightly, "If there is fate, then good results will naturally be born!"
The monk in the kasaya glanced at Ye Xuan but did not speak.
Wu Wang walked in front of Ye Xuan, "Little friend, to reach Self Release, you must first understand what the Dao is!
Do you know what the Dao is? "
After a moment of silence, Ye Xuan said, "The Dao follows the laws of nature!"
Wu Wang smiled, "That's right, but you need to understand the Dao in more detail.
The simplest meaning of the Dao is that all things have their own trajectory, it can also be said to be a change in the movement of things … "
In the following period of time, the monks took turns to explain to Ye Xuan what the Dao was.
It had to be said that Ye Xuan had gained a lot. At the very least, he had a general understanding of the Self Release Realm. And the Self Release Realm was not that mysterious in his heart, it was just like an ordinary realm!
However, he also knew that this was not the true Self Release Realm. He was still curious about the true Self Release Realm.
Just like this, time passed day by day.
During this period of time, Ye Xuan listened to the preaching of the high monks day and night. About five days later, Ye Xuan sat down and the monks had already left.
This was all they could do!
Whether or not he could comprehend himself and reach the Self Release Realm depended on Ye Xuan himself.
As for the abbot and Zhi Jue, they had been guarding outside the hall.
Actually, they were somewhat conflicted. They wanted Ye Xuan to break through to the Self Release Realm, but they were also afraid that Ye Xuan would break through to the Self Release Realm!
This was because once Ye Xuan broke through to the Self Release Realm, at that time, Ye Xuan's threat would be very terrifying!
It had to be known that Ye Xuan still had the super divine item World Prison Pagoda!
However, they also hoped that Ye Xuan would break through to the Self Release Realm. This way, they would know the whereabouts of the Dao Scripture!
...
Dao World.
At this time, a major event happened in the Dao World. The Dao World had formed an alliance.
The Dao World Alliance!
In this alliance, with the Immortal Pavilion at the head, there were over a hundred factions gathered. Among them, there were 52 Self Release Realm experts!
52 Self Release Realm experts!
This lineup was very terrifying!
On this day, a mysterious man suddenly came to the Immortal Pavilion.
In the hall, the Immortal Pavilion Master, Jiang Yu, looked at the mysterious man in front of him. The mysterious man said something in a low voice. About 15 minutes later, Jiang Yu clenched his fists, and a trace of killing intent flashed in his eyes. "Fifth Dimension Tendo!
Are you sure she did it? "
The mysterious man took out an item. When he saw that item, the Immortal Pavilion Master's pupils suddenly constricted. "It's you …"
...
PS: I have to think of ways to cheat monthly votes every day. These days are too difficult.
But now, I find that as long as I don't add updates, don't even think about adding votes. No matter how much I cheat, it's useless …
Brother, introduce me to a rich woman. I don't want to work hard anymore.
I want to rely on my face to make a living!





Chapter 1255
Inside the palace, Jiang Yu was incomparably shocked.
He did not expect that the power would actually make a move.
It seems like he still underestimated the temptation of the Dao Scripture.
The mysterious man had already left, but Jiang Yu was caught in a dilemma.
The other party told him that it was the Fifth Dimension Tendo who made a move.
Then came the problem.
The Fifth Dimension Tendo actually had such terrifying strength!
It could silently teleport the Pope away!
How terrifying was this?
And now, the power came to tell him about this matter. It was very simple, the other party wanted him to find trouble with the Fifth Dimension Tendo!
The other party wanted to use him as a tool.
Jiang Yu was silent for a long time, then shook his head and smiled, "No rush, I am not in a hurry now!"
If it was before, he would definitely go frantically to find the Fifth Dimension Tendo.
But now, he realized that this matter cannot be rushed.
Everyone wanted the Dao Scripture, and whoever was in a hurry would die first!
At this moment, Jiang Yu suddenly felt very relaxed!
When he was not too obsessed with the Dao Scripture, his whole body relaxed.
...
After the mysterious man left the Immortal Pavilion, he directly turned into a shadow and disappeared into the depths of the starry sky. But not long after, a woman suddenly appeared in front of him.
The woman carried a roasted fish that was already half eaten, and there was a fish bone stuck on the corner of her mouth.
The person who came was Mu Niannian.
Seeing Mu Niannian, the mysterious man's expression changed. He turned and directly disappeared into the end of the starry sky, but very quickly, he stopped because Mu Niannian appeared in front of him again.
Mu Niannian looked at the mysterious man in front of him and smiled, "Continue to run!"
The mysterious man said in a deep voice, "Your Honor, I have no intention to offend you."
Mu Niannian smiled, "It seems like you did not take my words seriously."
The mysterious man looked at Mu Niannian, "Your Honor, our goal is only that Ye Xuan, not Your Honor. Why does Your Honor have to interfere in this matter?"
Mu Niannian sighed, "To be honest, I am interfering in this matter for your own good!"
The mysterious man frowned. "What do you mean?"
Mu Niannian glanced at the mysterious man and shook his head. "You should be glad that I'm the one who intervened. If that woman had interfered, she wouldn't have told you not to come, but to kill you all!
In all honesty, you should be thanking me, I've indirectly saved your Godly Kingdom of Xumi ah! "
The mysterious man looked at Mu Niannian without saying a word.
Obviously, he didn't believe it!
Mu Niannian shook his head and smiled. "I've done a good deed, but you still view me as an enemy. It's so hard!"
With that, she took out a long saber. "Come, I'll allow you to run three hundred feet first!"
Without hesitation, the mysterious man turned and ran. He was extremely fast and arrived in front of the Dao World's barrier of the universe in the blink of an eye. However, just as he was about to enter the barrier of the universe, a saber suddenly tore through the sky. Before the mysterious man could react, the saber directly cut his neck.
Chi!
A bloody head flew into the air. It was incomparably bloody!
The mysterious man's eyes were wide open, filled with helplessness and shock.
The Supreme Lord's strength was even more terrifying than he had expected.
In the distant starry sky, Mu Niannian shrugged, put away the saber, and continued to eat the fish.
At this time, Ling 'er's voice suddenly sounded. "They won't take this lying down!"
Mu Niannian smiled. "It's alright, they won't dare to act recklessly for the time being!"
Ling 'er asked, "What about in the future?"
Mu Niannian said softly, "In the future, it's his own business!"
...
In front of the Dao World's cosmic barrier, a middle-aged man suddenly appeared in front of the mysterious man's corpse.
This person was the Godly Kingdom of Xumi's Prime Minister, Fang Tangshi.
Fang Tangshi looked at the corpse for a long time before he turned around and saw a white-robed man standing in front of him. The white-robed man's long hair draped over his shoulders, and his hands were behind his back. His expression was calm and dignified.
Fang Tangshi asked, "Brother Song, what do you think?"
This person was the famous Supreme Wu of the Godly Kingdom of Xumi, in charge of the Godly Kingdom's most elite Heaven Inspire Army.
Wu Zhi glanced at the mysterious man's body and said softly, "He should be at that level!"
Upon hearing this, Fang Tangshi fell silent, and his expression became even more solemn.
Wu Zhi looked into the depths of the starry sky. At this time, Mu Niannian, who was grilling fish, suddenly looked up, and the corners of her mouth curled up slightly. "Want to fight?"
Wu Zhi didn't waste any time and punched out!
With this punch, a fist mark tore through space and blasted straight at Mu Niannian.
This fist mark contained boundless killing intent, and this killing intent was like a dreadful beast that no one dared to look directly at.
Moreover, this fist mark also contained three types of Dao Laws!
Killing Dao Law!
Fist Intent Dao Law!
Overbearing Dao Law!
All three types of Dao Laws had reached their limits!
This punch was no longer within the Dao.
In the starry sky, Mu Niannian put down the grilled fish in her hand. When the fist mark arrived in front of her, she took a step forward, and the space around her directly became illusory. When the fist mark arrived in front of her, she suddenly pointed out with a finger, and this finger directly touched the powerful fist mark.
Bang!
In an instant, the fist mark vanished without a trace.
Everything vanished into thin air.
The entire starry sky returned to calm!
Wu Zhi took a deep and long glance at Mu Niannian, and then he said, "Let's go!"
As soon as he finished speaking, both he and Fang Tangshi instantly became illusory.
The corners of Mu Niannian's mouth curled up slightly, "You think you can come and go as you please?"
As soon as she finished speaking, she suddenly clenched her right hand from afar. In an instant, Wu Zhi and Fang Tangshi's illusory figures actually started to gradually become material!
Their expressions changed when they witnessed this scene.
Suddenly, Wu Zhi withdrew a broken saber and slashed it forward, and a strand of saber energy tore through space and arrived in front of Mu Niannian. However, Mu Niannian merely waved her hand casually, and the saber energy vanished without a trace. Meanwhile, she'd appeared in front of Wu Zhi and Fang Tangshi. However, a mysterious force suddenly appeared here.
Mu Niannian's brows knit together slightly. She raised her head and saw a tiny flying knife descending straight towards her.
Mu Niannian pressed her fingers together and pointed upwards.
Bang!
The space above her suddenly became illusory. However, the flying knife continued forward like a hot knife through butter. It tore through Mu Niannian's force and instantly arrived above Mu Niannian's head. However, it wasn't able to kill Mu Niannian!
The flying knife had stopped a few inches away from Mu Niannian's head!
To be more precise, it had been stopped by a strand of Sword Intent!
Sword Intent had appeared!
Meanwhile, the flying knife suddenly became illusory and vanished.
However, Wu Zhi and Fang Tangshi had vanished as well.
Mu Niannian gazed at the Universe Barrier in front of her. After a moment of silence, she spoke softly, "There really isn't much time left!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she turned around and left.
...
The Sixth Dimension.
At this moment, Ye Xuan was still comprehending Void Escape!
Moreover, the Abbot and the others were still waiting outside the hall.
About five days later, Ye Xuan, who was sitting cross-legged in the hall, suddenly opened his eyes. All of a sudden.
Suddenly, his aura began to grow stronger and stronger.
After an unknown amount of time, Ye Xuan suddenly stood up. The moment he stood up, the space he was in became illusory …
A moment later, Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes and a powerful aura swept out from his body. However, this aura was quickly suppressed by a golden light!
The power of Buddhist Dharma!
At this moment, the Ninth Floor's voice suddenly sounded. "Void Escape!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "However, it's not the true Void Escape!"
The true Void Escape!
Ye Xuan furrowed his brows, because he realized that he was still within the path. His Release of One was not the true Release of One!
The Ninth Floor suddenly said, "You've been taking big steps recently. Be careful not to pull your balls!"
Ye Xuan: "…"
The Ninth Floor continued, "What you need to do now is to stabilize your realm and your body. Although your body is strong, it hasn't reached its limit!
To be honest, the Buddhist Dharma in that ancient temple is quite good. You can learn more! "
Ye Xuan nodded. During this period of time, he had also discovered this problem. That was, the Buddhist scriptures were very helpful in stabilizing his realm.
Now, he was a bit curious about the Buddhist scriptures in the study room!
The ancient temple cared about it so much. That Buddhist scripture must be a good thing!
Five Dimensional Tendo!
Ye Xuan thought of Mu Niannian. It seemed that he had to find a chance to talk to Mu Niannian.
As if thinking of something, Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Big sister, can you help me hide my realm?"
After a moment of silence, the big sister said, "Yes!"
Ye Xuan asked, "Even those Void Release Realm powerhouses can't see through it. Can I?"
The big sister said, "Yes!"
After saying that, the Dao Law in the pagoda suddenly trembled. Soon, a mysterious power sealed Ye Xuan. Soon, his aura was hidden!
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Hiding the Void Release Realm is enough!"
He finally understood!
Pretending to be a pig to eat a tiger was the way of the king!
If the enemy knew that he was at the Void Release Realm, they would definitely prepare 120% of their strength to deal with him. But if he was still at the Origin Returning Realm Shattering Realm, they would underestimate him!
After a moment, Ye Xuan left the hall. As soon as he left the hall, he saw the two abbot.
The abbot looked at Ye Xuan and was stunned, "You didn't break through?"
Ye Xuan sighed softly, his expression dim, "Just a bit of luck!"
The abbot had a strange expression.
In his opinion, Ye Xuan should be able to reach the Void Release Realm. This fellow was not only thick-skinned, his talent was also very strong.
But he did not expect that Ye Xuan had not broken through to the Void Release Realm!
In slight disbelief, the abbot sized up Ye Xuan. From his aura, although Ye Xuan's aura was much stronger than before, he was still at the Origin Returning Realm Shattering Realm!
At this time, Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Actually, just a bit, just a bit!"
The abbot asked, "What do you mean?"
Ye Xuan sighed softly, "I've already touched that threshold, but because of my own body, I'm still a bit away from breaking through that critical point."
As he spoke, he shook his head and sighed once more, feeling slightly disheartened.
The abbot hesitated for a moment and then said, "Don't be discouraged. Since you've already touched that threshold, then reaching the Void Release Realm is only a matter of time!
During this period of time, you should stay in the temple and cultivate the Dharma! "
Ye Xuan nodded, "Alright!"
Not long later, the abbot and the others left.
Ye Xuan was just about to leave when a voice suddenly resounded in his mind. Ye Xuan was delighted, and then he vanished on the spot.
...





Chapter 1256
Ye Xuan arrived at a starry sky, where he saw Mu Niannian!
When he was below, he received Mu Niannian's message.
Ye Xuan walked briskly to Mu Niannian, smiling, "Sister Nian, you're back!"
"Sister Nian?"
Mu Niannian smiled faintly, "That's an interesting name!"
Ye Xuan smiled sheepishly, then asked, "Sister Nian, did you go to the Dao World during this time?"
Mu Niannian nodded, "Yes."
Ye Xuan said seriously, "The study house is in your hands, right?"
Mu Niannian smiled, "Yes!
But I can't return it to you now! "
Ye Xuan quickly said, "Alright, alright!
Don't return it to me! "
This thing was a hot potato in his hands, it was much safer in Mu Niannian's hands than in his!
Mu Niannian suddenly said, "Come with me!"
Ye Xuan glanced at Mu Niannian, nodding, "Alright!"
Mu Niannian walked towards the depths of the starry sky, "Do you know what's above the Dao World?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Yes, the Godly Kingdom of Xumi!"
Mu Niannian glanced at Ye Xuan, "Did those monks tell you about it?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Yes."
Mu Niannian laughed, "Those monks are interesting!"
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "This Godly Kingdom of Xumi also wants the Dao Scripture?"
Mu Niannian nodded, "The Dao Scripture has more uses than you think. It should be said that the Dao World's Dao Scripture is not complete. If I'm not wrong, the Godly Kingdom of Xumi also has the Dao Scripture from Heaven, but both are incomplete."
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "I heard the Dao Scripture has a total of nine scrolls?"
Mu Niannian smiled, "Yes.
I have to say, this is indeed a wonderful book. "
Ye Xuan looked at Mu Niannian. "Sister Nian, are you not interested in this scripture at all?"
Mu Niannian roared with laughter and said, "I have my own path. Why would I need someone else to guide me?"
Ye Xuan gave Mu Niannian a thumbs up. "Sis, you're awesome!"
Mu Niannian shook his head, "I'm not powerful at all. For example, I really can't beat the plain-dressed woman!"
Ye Xuan almost fainted when he heard that!
Mu Niannian suddenly laughed: "What else do you know about Dao Yi?"
Ye Xuan asked in a deep voice, "What kind of place is the Realm of Extreme Bliss?"
He was very curious about the Pure Land of Bliss that the ancient temple often talked about.
Mu Niannian said, "The Realm of Extreme Bliss is a place where a group of monks stay. Of course, the monks there are different from here. The monks there have much higher Dharma and cultivation than here. They are also much stronger!"
Saying that, she looked at Ye Xuan, "You've become a layman disciple of the ancient temple?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Yes."
Mu Niannian said softly, "The ancient temple is still fine, but the Buddhism in the Realm of Extreme Bliss is not so easy to fool!
Of course, now that you have become a layman disciple of the ancient temple, it means that you are very likely to come into contact with that place in the future. If you come into contact with that place, remember, you must be very careful. Those bald donkeys are not simple, especially since they are also experts in karma spells. "
Ye Xuan nodded, "Understood."
Mu Niannian said again, "You also have to be careful of a group of people."
Ye Xuan quickly asked, "What kind?"
Mu Niannian looked at Ye Xuan, "A transmigrator."
Ye Xuan frowned slightly, "The Milky Way Realm?"
Mu Niannian nodded, "That place is a bit special. As far as I know, that place is guarded by a mysterious array and mysterious power.
Ordinary people can't step into that place at all.
However, they are also trapped in that place and cannot come into contact with the outside world. Of course, this is equivalent to protecting them. "
Ye Xuan was a little puzzled, "What do you mean?"
The corner of Mu Niannian's mouth lifted slightly, "The people in that place are actually very weak.
In short, if you meet people from that place in the future, just be careful.
Of course, there is no need to deliberately pay attention to them. Although they are special, you are even more special. "
Ye Xuan asked, "Special?
How am I special! "
Mu Niannian laughed, "You are special in every way!"
Ye Xuan, "…"
Mu Niannian continued, "Actually, this universe is indeed very big and boundless. There are many unknown existences."
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "That abbot also said that there is an Ascension Platform, which is that Whirling World … Sister Nian, do you know that place?"
Mu Niannian nodded, "I know about Dao Yi. Rumor has it that Dao scriptures came from that place."
Ye Xuan asked, "Rumor?"
Mu Niannian rolled her eyes at Ye Xuan, "Do you think that I know everything?"
Ye Xuan smiled awkwardly. "Yes!"
Mu Niannian shook her head, "I am not interested in investigating these things. For me, it is fine as long as it does not threaten the Fifth Dimension."
Ye Xuan asked again, "Is there really an underworld?"
Hearing this, Mu Niannian suddenly frowned and looked at Ye Xuan, "Did that bald donkey also say that?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
After a moment of silence, Mu Niannian said, "Indeed there is!"
Ye Xuan quickly asked, "What kind of world is it?"
Mu Niannian said lightly, "A very scary place."
Saying that, she pointed at herself, "Do you think I am powerful?"
Ye Xuan nodded quickly, "Powerful, very powerful!"
Mu Niannian looked at Ye Xuan, "I am not willing to provoke that place!"
Ye Xuan was silent.
Obviously, this underworld was very scary!
Mu Niannian said again, "That place is not simple. I also hope that you do not provoke that place!
When the plain-dressed woman was still here, it was fine if you provoked it. But now that she is gone, if you provoke that place, you will be killed! "
Ye Xuan smiled awkwardly. "I won't provoke you!"
Mu Niannian shook her head, "My intuition tells me that you will definitely provoke it."
Ye Xuan was a little puzzled, "Why?"
Mu Niannian said, "You have the Cause of Adversity on you. The worse the situation, the easier it is for you to encounter it.
It would be fine if you did not know about it, but the problem is that you know about it now. So, my thinking is that you will definitely come into contact with that place, and it will most likely be an evil fate! "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Mu Niannian said softly, "You really make me worry!"
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "Niannian, you are so powerful. Do you know who gave me this Cause of Adversity?"
Mu Niannian shook her head, "I don't know!"
Ye Xuan asked, "Can you investigate?"
Mu Niannian looked at Ye Xuan, "Yes!"
Ye Xuan was about to speak when Mu Niannian said, "We can investigate, but something bad will happen!"
Ye Xuan frowned, "What do you mean?"
Mu Niannian laughed, "It's like a tumor growing on an ordinary person's body. What do you think will happen if it is cut off?"
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "You will die!"
Mu Niannian nodded, "The Cause of Calamity is similar to this, when we investigated,
If we investigate, the Cause of Adversity may completely erupt. Once it erupts, my intuition tells me that something bad will happen! "
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "That is to say, no matter what I do, I will not be able to change my bad fate, right?"
Mu Niannian suddenly patted Ye Xuan's head, "Idiot, do you know why you are able to live until now?"
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "Because of the plain-dressed woman!"
Mu Niannian shook her head, "It's not just because of her, but also because you are constantly striving to become stronger.
I can put it this way, the plain-dressed woman once gave you a chance to choose. If you choose to be ordinary, you will definitely be able to live a rich life, because she can completely guard this universe and ensure your safety for a hundred years.
However, you chose the Martial Dao. Since you have chosen this path, she can only accompany you to walk out of that place.
And the Martial Dao can only be walked by yourself!
At most, she will be your Dao Protector. "
Saying that, she looked at Ye Xuan, "You are actually constantly changing your fate. It should be said that every decision you make can change your fate.
Among all living beings, many people are born into ordinary families, and many people start with a golden key. It can be said that this is very unfair, because some people's ending point is just others' starting point.
However, everyone has the ability to change their fate.
If your fate is not good, then it is fate that is unfair. But if your fate is not good, then it is your own problem. "
Ye Xuan asked back, "Why are some people's lives good, and some people's lives bad?"
Mu Niannian looked at Ye Xuan, "When you walk, you might inadvertently step on an ant. Let me ask you, can that ant ask itself why its fate is not good?"
Ye Xuan fell silent.
Mu Niannian softly said, "Ye Xuan, some people's bad fate is man-made, but many more people's bad fate is completely fate. And fate is uncertain, unknown. You don't know who this unknown will choose!
If you are chosen, you can only try to change this fate, but you can't protest. That's not right, if you work hard to change your fate, it is equivalent to protesting.
Humans are most afraid of blaming the heavens, feeling that the heavens are unfair! "
Saying that, she pointed below, "Look at the countless ants walking under the starry sky, and you can casually take away a life with your foot.
Have you ever thought of trampling them to death?
No, when you trample them to death, you might not even know that you have trampled them to death!
You humans, not only humans, but also all living things, are equivalent to ants in the eyes of certain existences.
Do you understand what I mean? "
Ye Xuan nodded, "I understand!"
Mu Niannian continued, "In this Fifth Dimension Calamity, many people will die, but there will also be some people who will survive.
Simply put, when you have enough strength, you can change your own fate.
Just like me, if I didn't have strength, I would have long been captured and imprisoned by others to provide spiritual qi!
As for the Fifth Dimension, it will also become a spiritual qi supply field for others.
I really like the saying of humans, 'constantly strive to become stronger'. This is a kind of spirit, and also a kind of culture. However, humans tend to ignore this spirit and culture. "
Ye Xuan looked at Mu Niannian, "Sister Nian, I understand!"
Mu Niannian faintly smiled, "It's good that you understand!
Remember, don't complain that you have a calamity on your body. Nothing is absolute. As long as you use it well, many bad things can become good things!
Mentality is very important. "
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "I will remember what you said!"
Mu Niannian lightly patted Ye Xuan's shoulder, then licked her lips, "Sister is a bit hungry, go and catch some fish for me!
After eating, we will do something big!
A very, very big thing, your sister, I, will go on a killing spree! "
Ye Xuan, "…"
.....
PS: Why are there so few monthly votes, I think, it might also be fate …





Chapter 1257
Something big!
Ye Xuan's expression was a little strange.
He didn't ask what it was and went to catch some fish.
Soon, Ye Xuan caught two fish and cooked them for Mu Niannian.
The starry sky was deep and quiet. Ye Xuan and Mu Niannian sat opposite each other. In front of them was a bonfire, and Ye Xuan was roasting fish.
Under normal circumstances, fire couldn't burn in the starry sky. However, neither of them were ordinary people.
Not to mention burning in the starry sky, they could even blow up the starry sky!
After a while, Ye Xuan picked up a roasted fish and handed it to Mu Niannian. "Big Sister Nian, you said you were going to do something big. What is it?"
Mu Niannian licked the roasted fish and said, "To the Godly Kingdom of Xumi!"
Ye Xuan was stunned.
Mu Niannian looked at Ye Xuan. "Do you dare to go?"
Ye Xuan blinked. "Big Sister Nian, are you playing some dirty trick again?"
Mu Niannian rolled her eyes at Ye Xuan. "Am I that kind of person in your heart?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Big Sister Nian is a good person!"
Mu Niannian smiled. "I'm going this time to buy some time for you.
You can still deal with the Dao World and the ancient temple now, but that's under the condition that the Godly Kingdom of Xumi doesn't interfere! "
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "They've already interfered?"
Mu Niannian nodded.
Ye Xuan looked at Mu Niannian. "Big Sister Nian, did you stop them?"
Mu Niannian smiled. "I persuaded them to go back!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Mu Niannian continued, "However, they won't let it go so easily. So, I want to take you there. Firstly, it's to solve this problem. Because if we don't intimidate them, although they won't do it openly, they will definitely cause trouble behind our backs.
The second is to show you the world! "
See the world!
Ye Xuan nodded. "Alright!"
Needless to say, Huang Xiaolong really wanted to experience this Godly Kingdom of Xumi for himself.
After Mu Niannian finished the grilled fish, she looked at Ye Xuan and said, "The grilled fish is very good!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "I'll roast them for you often in the future!"
Mu Niannian roared with laughter and said, "Let's go!
To the Godly Kingdom of Xumi! "
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment before he said, "Should I explain it to him?"
Mu Niannian shook his head. "No, we'll be back soon!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she brought Ye Xuan along and vanished on the spot.
It didn't take long for them to arrive at the Dao World.
Ye Xuan noticed that it wasn't difficult for Mu Niannian to ascend the Dao World at all.
Moreover, he finally understood why it was so difficult for people from the lower dimensions to ascend the Dao World when he passed through the Universe Barrier!
It was because it was extremely terrifying!
The slightest mistake could result in death!
Of course, it wasn't a threat to him at all. His current body could only be described as abnormal!
Mu Niannian was just about to break through the Universe Barrier when a voice resounded from the side. "You're Ye Xuan?"
Ye Xuan turned around and saw a young woman standing not too far away from him.
The young woman gazed at Ye Xuan and blinked. "I'm Chen Yaonie!"
Chen Yaonie!
Ye Xuan sized her up, and it wasn't long before he was visibly moved. This young woman was actually a Void Origin Realm expert!
The young woman smiled and said, "I wanted to look for you, but I never expected that you would come here yourself!"
Ye Xuan was a little surprised. "You know me?"
The young woman shook her head. "I don't know you, but a big sister asked me to bring you a message!"
Ye Xuan was a little curious. "Big sister?"
The young woman said, "It's a big sister wearing a plain dress!"
A plain dress woman!
Ye Xuan hurriedly asked, "What did she say?"
Chen Yaonie smiled and said, "She said that she's waiting for you above the clouds. You have to work hard!"
Above the clouds!
Ye Xuan was silent.
He still remembered his agreement with the plain dress woman!
Above the clouds!
Ye Xuan turned to look at the World Barrier in front of him. "Nian Nian, is she over there?"
Mu Niannian shook her head. "No!"
Ye Xuan was about to speak when Mu Niannian said, "Don't ask me where she went. I don't know anyway!"
Ye Xuan smiled bitterly.
He really did miss the plain dress woman a little!
At this moment, the young woman suddenly smiled and said, "Are you going over there?"
Ye Xuan collected his thoughts and nodded. "Yes!"
Chen Yaonie shook her head. "You can't go over because the Universe Barrier is very hard. You can't open it. I …"
At this moment, Mu Niannian suddenly drew a line with his finger. In an instant, the Universe Barrier cracked.
Chen Yaonie was dumbfounded. "This …"
Mu Niannian looked at Chen Yaonie. "You see, isn't this very simple?"
Chen Yaonie blinked. "This … isn't it a little off?"
Mu Niannian smiled and said, "What's wrong?"
Chen Yaonie walked in front of the Universe Barrier. At this moment, the Universe Barrier had automatically closed.
Chen Yaonie drew his sword and slashed.
Boom!
A powerful force blasted Chen Yaonie 10,000 feet away!
Ye Xuan's expression changed. At this moment, he suddenly realized that this Universe Barrier was not ordinary!
The young woman in front of him was at the Self Release Realm!
10,000 feet away, Chen Yaonie glanced at her numb arm and then looked at Mu Niannian. "Why?"
Mu Niannian asked seriously, "Do you want to know why?"
Chen Yaonie hurriedly nodded.
Mu Niannian smiled and said, "Because you're not strong enough!"
Chen Yaonie was a little unconvinced. "I'm the youngest Self Release Realm in the history of the Dao World!"
The corners of Mu Niannian's mouth curled up. "Is that so?
Then why can't you open this Universe Barrier? "
Chen Yaonie hesitated and then said, "I didn't eat today. I don't have enough strength!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
"Ha ha!"
Mu Niannian laughed loudly. "I didn't eat!
Little sister, you're so cute!
Let me ask you, do you want to become a true Self Release Realm? "
Chen Yaonie looked at Mu Niannian. "You can also see that I'm not a true Self Release Realm?"
Mu Niannian nodded. "Yes!"
Chen Yaonie hesitated and then said, "Sister, do you have a way to let me reach a true Self Release Realm?"
Mu Niannian nodded. "Yes!"
Chen Yaonie looked at Mu Niannian. "Then can you teach me?"
Mu Niannian shook her head. "I can't!
But … "
She pointed at Ye Xuan. "But he can!"
Chen Yaonie glanced at Ye Xuan and then shook her head. "He hasn't reached Self Release Realm yet!"
Mu Niannian smiled and said, "He has a Dao Scripture!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Chen Yaonie said, "I've heard about it too!"
She looked at Ye Xuan. "Do you really have a Dao Scripture?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes!"
Chen Yaonie blinked. "Can you lend it to me to take a look?"
Ye Xuan also blinked. "That's very precious!"
Chen Yaonie said seriously, "After I reached Self Release Realm, I forgot about it."
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Chen Yaonie said again, "Can you?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "I can't open the book room right now and can't get the Dao Scripture inside.
How about this, you follow me. After I can open the book room and get the Dao Scripture, I'll lend it to you. What do you think? "
Chen Yaonie quickly said, "Really?"
Ye Xuan said seriously, "Okay, I'll follow you!"
Chen Yaonie hurriedly said, "Okay, I'll follow you!"
Ye Xuan looked at Mu Niannian. Mu Niannian smiled. "We're going over there. Are you coming?"
Chen Yaonie hesitated. "Grandpa said that it's very dangerous there!"
Mu Niannian smiled. "Then you don't dare to go!"
Chen Yaonie snorted coldly. "Who doesn't dare to!
Let's go! "
Mu Niannian laughed. "Let's go!"
She pointed with her finger. The universe barrier was cut open. The three of them disappeared into the universe barrier.
At this time, the voice from the ninth floor suddenly sounded in Ye Xuan's mind. "This girl met you two super hoodwinkers … how unfortunate!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
After entering the universe barrier, the three of them were sucked into a vortex by a powerful force.
Space vortex!
In the vortex, Mu Niannian's expression was calm. She was not affected in the slightest!
But Ye Xuan and Chen Yaonie were different. Their faces instantly turned pale. Ye Xuan did not dare to be careless. He hurriedly urged his Vajra Buddha Body. When the Vajra Buddha Body appeared, he immediately felt much better!
Ye Xuan looked at Chen Yaonie. Chen Yaonie was surrounded by an invisible blade qi. The power of the space turbulence was unable to break through her blade qi!
This girl is powerful!
Ye Xuan was shocked. Although this girl was not a true Release One, her realm was the same as him. They were both fake Release One. Moreover, this girl was at the Release One Realm!
Most importantly, this lass was still young!
Mu Niannian also looked at Chen Yaonie. At this time, Ye Xuan's voice sounded in her mind. "Sister Nian, what do you think of this girl?"
Mu Niannian smiled, "Not bad!"
Not bad!
Ye Xuan glanced at Mu Niannian, not saying a word.
Mu Niannian continued, "Talent is important, but temperament is even more important!
This girl has not experienced a great calamity. Her temperament and temperament are lacking. In the future, there will be a calamity. "
Ye Xuan fell silent.
Temperament!
That's right, this girl is clearly well protected. She lacks worldly wisdom.
At this time, Chen Yaonie suddenly asked, "Where are we going?"
Mu Niannian looked at Chen Yaonie, smiling, "To the Godly Kingdom of Xumi!
Do you know of the Godly Kingdom of Xumi? "
Chen Yaonie shook her head, "I don't know!"
She hesitated for a moment before asking, "Can we still go back?"
Mu Niannian smiled, "Yes!"
Just as Chen Yaonie was about to speak, a powerful force suddenly swept toward them from afar.
Ye Xuan looked into the distance. In the space turbulence, a figure suddenly broke through the void. It was a middle-aged man.
The middle-aged man looked at Ye Xuan's group and bellowed, "Who are you? How dare you trespass into the Godly Kingdom of Xumi!
Could it be … "
Ye Xuan was about to speak when Mu Niannian suddenly waved her right hand.
Boom!
Before the middle-aged man could react, his head flew into the air, blood splattering everywhere!
Ye Xuan and Chen Yaonie were stunned.
They looked at Mu Niannian. Mu Niannian chuckled, "We're here to fight, not to chat."
Ye Xuan: "…"
Chen Yaonie hesitated, then said, "Big sister, I think before you kill him, you should let him finish!"
Ye Xuan: "…"
Mu Niannian looked at Chen Yaonie, smiling, "Why?"
Chen Yaonie glanced at Mu Niannian, hesitated for a moment, then said, "If someone kills me and doesn't let me finish, I'll regret it!"
Ye Xuan: "…"
....





Chapter 1258
Needless to say, Ye Xuan was at a loss for words at this moment.
This Chen Yaonie's way of thinking was really out of the ordinary ah!
Mu Niannian also shook his head with a smile, "What an adorable little guy!"
She walked over to Mu Niannian's side, and then she glanced towards the distance and said, "I feel that it's quite dangerous!"
Ye Xuan looked up. He also sensed danger at the moment.
Mu Niannian smiled, "Someone's coming!"
Just as her voice fell, a short distance in front of them shook violently, and in the next moment, a middle-aged man appeared in front of them.
This person was none other than the Godly Kingdom of Xumi's Prime Minister, Fang Tangshi.
Fang Tangshi looked at Mu Niannian, "Great Venerable One!"
Mu Niannian smiled, "We meet again!"
Fang Tangshi's solemn voice sounded, "Great Venerable One wants to challenge my Godly Kingdom of Xumi?"
The corner of Mu Niannian's mouth curved upwards, "Can't I?"
Fang Tangshi looked at Mu Niannian, not saying a word.
In truth, the Godly Kingdom of Xumi wasn't afraid of this woman in front of them.
However, they didn't want to risk their lives against Mu Niannian. If this kind of expert disregarded everything and fought the Godly Kingdom of Xumi, it would be very, very damaging to the Godly Kingdom of Xumi.
At this time, Mu Niannian suddenly took out Ye Xuan's study, smiling, "Tell His Majesty, this study is in my hands, and inside this study is the Dao Scripture!"
Fang Tangshi looked at Mu Niannian, at this moment, he couldn't understand Mu Niannian's meaning.
What was she trying to do?
Arrogant?
Confident?
Fang Tangshi's expression grew more solemn.
An expert like Mu Niannian would never be stupid or arrogant. Since she dared to come here, there was only one explanation, she was confident!
Mu Niannian suddenly laughed, "Didn't you want the Dao Scripture?
I've brought it to you! "
Fang Tangshi looked at Mu Niannian, "Great Venerable One, please wait!"
With that said, he turned and left.
At this time, Mu Niannian suddenly said, "No need!"
Fang Tangshi looked at Mu Niannian. Mu Niannian smiled and said, "I'm here to kill, not to negotiate!"
After saying that, she clenched her right hand at Fang Tangshi.
Boom!
The space around Fang Tangshi instantly turned illusory. Fang Tangshi's expression changed drastically. He wanted to retreat, but it was still too late. That powerful force trapped him. At this moment, a flying knife suddenly appeared above Mu Niannian's head!
When the flying dagger appeared, Ye Xuan and Chen Yaonie's expressions changed drastically!
Danger!
This was what the two of them were feeling at this moment!
Ye Xuan's expression was incomparably grave. His intuition told him that his body could not withstand this flying dagger!
Mu Niannian's lips curled into a cold smile. She ignored the flying dagger and clenched her right hand.
Boom!
That Tang Shi was directly killed!
His Divine Soul was destroyed!
Because Fang Tangshi's entire body was erased!
At this time, the flying dagger above Mu Niannian's head stopped, blocked by a wisp of sword intent.
Mu Niannian looked into the distance, snickering, "Do you really think this broken knife of yours can stop me?"
Saying so, she snapped her fingers.
Boom!
The flying dagger shattered into pieces.
Mu Niannian looked into the distance, snickering, "Come, let me see how much your Godly Kingdom of Xumi is willing to pay to kill me!"
Saying so, she turned and walked away.
Ye Xuan and Chen Yaonie hastily followed.
Chen Yaonie nudged Ye Xuan with his arm, "She's so strong!"
Ye Xuan nodded.
It was obvious that Mu Niannian was stronger than he expected!
Just how strong was Mu Niannian?
At this time, a white light suddenly appeared in front of them.
Soon, the three of them passed through the white light and arrived above a sea.
At first glance, all they could see were tall mountains.
Ye Xuan looked at Mu Niannian. Mu Niannian smiled, "This is the Godly Kingdom of Xumi, also known as the Godly World of Xumi!"
Ye Xuan hesitated, "I heard that the Godly Kingdom of Xumi's royal family has ancestral blood, is that right?"
Mu Niannian laughed, "Yes, very powerful ancestral blood!"
Ye Xuan hastened to ask, "Compared to my bloodline, which is stronger?"
Mu Niannian winked, "How about, I let you fight it out later?"
Ye Xuan pondered, "How about, I let you fight it out later?"
Mu Niannian laughed heartily, "Here it comes!"
Just as her voice fell, a middle-aged man appeared in the sky in front of them!
Song Zhi!
The Godly Kingdom of Xumi's Heaven Inspire Army's commander!
Song Zhi looked at Mu Niannian, "Don't you think you're going too far!"
Mu Niannian laughed, "You're not convinced?
Come and hit me then! "
Song Zhi's eyes narrowed, his right hand clenched into a fist, but at this time, Mu Niannian punched out, "Scram!"
His voice was like thunder, shaking heaven and earth.
His voice was laced with fist intent!
Under this punch, Song Zhi's expression changed greatly. He crossed his arms and suddenly pushed them forward. "Heaven Shaking Earth!"
Just as his voice fell, an illusory ten thousand zhang tall mountain appeared in front of Song Zhi, this mountain spanned across heaven and earth like an impenetrable fortress!
However, as Mu Mu chanted, the fist arrived, causing the illusory mountain to tremble violently. Then, it cracked open and shattered!
Boom!
Song Zhi retreated ten thousand zhang away in an instant!
Directly crushed!
Ye Xuan glanced at Mu Niannian, inwardly shocked!
How strong is this Sister Nian?!
Chen Yaonie was extremely shocked as well. Unlike Ye Xuan, she was shocked inwardly, and her eyes were wide open. At this moment, she wasn't confident anymore.
She'd always felt that she was very, very formidable, but now, she suddenly felt that she wasn't so formidable anymore!
In the distant sky, Song Zhi stared fixedly at Mu Niannian, and he was extremely shocked as well. The strength of this woman had greatly exceeded his expectations!
I'm not a match for her at all!
Song Zhi's body gradually became illusory when he thought up to this point.
I'm leaving!
The corners of Mu Niannian's mouth curled up slightly, "You want to leave?"
As soon as she finished speaking, she was about to attack. Suddenly, four middle-aged men with sword chests on their backs appeared not too far away from Mu Niannian!
The man with the sword chest in the lead stared at Mu Niannian, "The Immortal Sword Sect seeks your guidance!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he pointed with his fingers, "Attack!"
Om!
Four sword howls suddenly resounded, and then four flying swords suddenly shot into the sky. The flying swords were like four shooting stars that slashed down swiftly like bolts of lightning.
Ye Xuan's expression gradually became solemn when he witnessed this scene. Because all four of them had actually attained the Unrestrained Sword Dao!
Their attainments in the Sword Dao were actually so high!
The four flying swords slashed at Mu Niannian from four different angles. Needless to say, they were extremely formidable, and they swept through everything in their path.
Mu Niannian shook her head, "How showy!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she stomped her right foot lightly against the ground.
Bang!
In an instant, the four swords stopped in midair, and then she spun her hand lightly, "Slash!"
As soon as she finished speaking, the four swords turned around and slashed at the four Swordsmen!
The expressions of the four Swordsmen changed drastically when they witnessed this scene, and they were just about to control the four flying swords when their speed suddenly rose explosively. Hiss!
Hiss! Hiss!
Before the four Swordsmen could react, their heads were sent flying!
Blood spurted out like a fountain!
Blood spurted out like a fountain!
Mu Niannian's right hand waved, the four flying swords fell in front of Ye Xuan, "Take them!"
Ye Xuan quickly put away the four flying swords, these were good toys ah!
At this time, Mu Niannian looked up at the horizon, a smile on his face, "Ruler of Xumi, not coming out to meet me?
Or do you want to continue sending people to their deaths? "
At this time, a silhouette appeared in the sky.
It was a middle-aged man!
The middle-aged man was clad in a white dragon robe, with a dragon crown on his head, exuding an invisible pressure. Not only that, there were golden dragons hovering around him!
Ye Xuan asked softly, "This is the ruler of the Godly Kingdom of Xumi?"
Mu Niannian nodded, replying with a smile, "Yes!"
Ye Xuan looked at the ruler of the Godly Kingdom of Xumi, he couldn't sense the other party's aura!
Obviously, the other party's strength was above Self Release Realm!
This also meant that Mu Niannian's strength was also above Self Release Realm!
Above Self Release Realm!
Thinking of this, Ye Xuan's scalp went numb!
This woman had reached above Self Release Realm, but she was still in the Fifth Dimension!
How could those people from the Fifth Dimension fight her?
Forget about the Fifth Dimension, even the Dao World couldn't fight her!
This Elder Sister Nian was too abnormal!
Ye Xuan was shocked, because he had guessed Mu Niannian's strength. In his heart, this Mu Niannian might be at the peak of Self Release Realm, a true Self Release Realm, but he didn't expect that the other party was already above Self Release Realm!
In the sky, the ruler of the Godly Kingdom of Xumi looked at Mu Niannian, "Your Excellency is very arrogant!"
Mu Niannian smiled, "I'll give you two choices, one, in three years, no one from the Godly Kingdom of Xumi is allowed to step into the Dao World, two, kill me now, of course, it's also possible that I'll kill you!"
The Godly Kingdom of Xumi's ruler laughed, "Let me experience your Excellency's strength!"
Mu Niannian nodded, "Fine!"
Saying so, she opened her palm, "Sword, come!"
As her voice fell, a sword suddenly flew out from Ye Xuan's body, appearing in Mu Niannian's hand in the next moment.
Tendo Sword!
Mu Niannian looked at Ye Xuan, smiling, "Watch carefully, see how your Elder Sister Nian uses a sword!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she raised her sword and slashed towards the sky.
A sword qi pierced through the air!
It was a very simple sword qi, flying out, even Ye Xuan couldn't see anything special about it!
However, the Godly Kingdom of Xumi's ruler's face changed!
His expression became incomparably solemn!
At this time, the Godly Kingdom of Xumi's ruler suddenly opened his palm, then clenched it, "Defend!"
As his voice fell, the golden dragon beside him suddenly roared, then turned into a golden light, blocking in front of him.
The sword qi arrived.
Boom!
The golden light shattered, followed by a shrill scream that resounded in the sky.
It was the golden dragon's!
The golden dragon's voice was mixed with endless pain!
As for the Godly Kingdom of Xumi's ruler himself, he retreated explosively, retreating tens of thousands of li, but the sword qi did not dissipate!
As soon as the Godly Kingdom of Xumi's ruler stopped, his body crumbled, and at the same time, a sword qi appeared a zhang in front of him.
The sword qi did not kill the Godly Kingdom of Xumi's ruler!
At this time, countless experts appeared in the surroundings!
Among them, there were more than 30 Self Release Realm experts!
Besides them, there were some unknown experts, and more experts were rushing over here!
Ye Xuan's expression became incomparably solemn!
This Godly Kingdom of Xumi was actually this terrifying!
.....
PS: Asking for votes!





Chapter 1259
Ye Xuan hastily said, "No, no, Sister Nian, you're here!"
The experts in the surroundings had extremely strange expressions on their faces as well. Of course, there was even more seriousness in their eyes!
The Godly Kingdom of Xumi's Heavenly Lord was defeated with a single slash!
At this moment, they were extremely shocked!
Mu Niannian smiled, ignoring the experts around her, she walked to the Godly Kingdom of Xumi's Heavenly Lord, "I think we can talk now!
What do you say? "
The Godly Kingdom of Xumi's Heavenly Lord looked at Mu Niannian, "Talk!"
In the end, he didn't choose to be stubborn!
First, if he chose to be stubborn, he would die!
Second, these people might not be able to keep this woman here!
This woman was several times stronger than he expected!
Hearing the Godly Kingdom of Xumi's Heavenly Lord's words, Mu Niannian smiled, "Alright, my idea is simple, as long as I'm alive, you can't come looking for trouble with this little friend of mine, alright?"
The Godly Kingdom of Xumi's Heavenly Lord glanced at Ye Xuan, "Agreed!"
Mu Niannian laughed, "Good!"
Then, she looked at Ye Xuan, "Let's go!"
Ye Xuan was taken aback, they're leaving just like that?
Mu Niannian turned and left.
Ye Xuan and Chen Yaonie quickly followed.
At this time, dozens of divine senses suddenly formed a net and enveloped Mu Niannian's group. Mu Niannian looked around, "Do you have a death wish?"
The experts around looked at Mu Niannian without a word. Although there was fear in their eyes, there was no fear!
Because there were too many people!
The Godly Kingdom of Xumi's Heavenly Lord suddenly said, "Let them go!"
Hearing this, the experts around retreated.
Mu Niannian turned to look at the Godly Kingdom of Xumi's Heavenly Lord, smiling, "You might not believe it, but I'm doing this to save you!
Because I have a good temper, and I'm reasonable!
If it were someone else, you wouldn't be so lucky! "
Everyone: "…"
The Godly Mt. Xumi's Heavenly Lord glared at Mu Niannian, but at this time, Mu Niannian had already left with Ye Xuan's group.
Get someone else to do it?
Who would replace him?
There was a trace of doubt in the Godly Kingdom's Sovereign God's mind!
At this time, Song Zhi appeared in front of the Godly Kingdom of Godly Mt. Xumi, his solemn voice sounded, "Prime Minister Fang has been erased!
The Well of Reincarnation cannot detect it! "
God Lord Xumi's eyes narrowed, "She's much stronger than we imagined!"
Song Zhi said in a deep voice, "That Dao scripture …"
God Lord Xumi said softly, "It's fine, we won't take it for now!"
As he spoke, he raised his head to look at the distant horizon and said in a light voice, "If I'm not wrong, then those places have already found out about the appearance of the Dao Scripture!
I want to see if she can guard the Five Dimensions by herself! "
Dao scriptures!
The people of the Dao World did not understand enough about the Dao scripture, which was actually the source of the Martial Dao.
In the past, when the Heavens sent down the Dao Scripture, it was not only the Dao World that sent it down, the Godly Kingdom of Godly Mt. Xumi also had it. Of course, this was something they found out later on.
It was rumored that if one gathered all the pages of the Dao Scripture, they could comprehend the true meaning of the Martial Dao and become invincible!
And the Dao Scripture was said to have come from the Ascension Platform …
...
Inside the Cosmos Barrier, Mu Niannian brought Ye Xuan and Chen Yaonie as they shuttled back and forth.
Mu Niannian looked at Ye Xuan, "What do you think?"
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "They're very strong!"
Mu Niannian smiled, "They're stronger than what you've seen!
Because just now, there were at least ten Self Release Realm experts!
Moreover, there are some old monsters who haven't come out yet! "
Ye Xuan, "…"
Chen Yaonie suddenly said, "Big sister, aren't you afraid?"
Mu Niannian shook her head and smiled, "What's there to be afraid of?"
Chen Yaonie said with some excitement, "You can kill them, right?"
Mu Niannian laughed heartily.
"I can kill them, but there's no need."
Chen Yaonie was a little puzzled, "Why?"
Mu Niannian blinked, "Because I crippled their Divine Lord with one sword strike!
That's enough. "
Hearing this, Ye Xuan understood.
He knew why Mu Niannian went to find Divine Lord Xumi as soon as he appeared in the Godly Kingdom of Xumi!
Killing the chicken to warn the monkey!
Heavily injuring Divine Lord Xumi with one sword strike, intimidating the surrounding experts.
Mu Niannian glanced at Ye Xuan, then said, "Do you think they'll give up?"
Ye Xuan thought about it, then shook his head.
Mu Niannian nodded, "They definitely won't give up!
I've thought about it, if I'm not wrong, they'll probably contact the other places in the Western Paradise to discuss how to deal with you.
If they're cautious, they'll choose to act during the Fifth Dimension Tribulation, because that's the most difficult time for us. "
Ye Xuan asked, "Then what should we do?"
Mu Niannian blinked, "That's a question you should be thinking about!
In any case, if I can't beat them, I'll just run! "
Ye Xuan: "…"
Mu Niannian continued, "In this half a year, you won't have much trouble or problems, but after this half a year, you won't be able to rest for even a moment."
Ye Xuan fell silent.
Mu Niannian softly said, "I can only help you fight for this half a year, in this half a year, do as you see fit."
Ye Xuan looked at Mu Niannian, "Sister Nian, thank you!"
Mu Niannian smiled, "What are you thanking me for!"
Ye Xuan hesitated, then said, "Sister Nian, if they want to act, they'll definitely think of a way to deal with you!"
Mu Niannian looked at Ye Xuan, smiled, "What's the use of dealing with me?
I can't beat them, but I can run away, right?
But you, you won't have the chance to run, do you understand what I mean? "
Ye Xuan nodded, "I understand!"
Mu Niannian softly said, "Half a year!
Remember, you only have half a year!
As for what you do in this half a year, that's your business!
Don't even think about finding the plain-dressed woman!
She's not in the Western Paradise, she should be in a place that even I don't know. "
Saying this, she looked at Ye Xuan, "Even I don't know, do you know what this means?"
Ye Xuan hesitated, then said, "What does it mean?"
Mu Niannian smiled, "It means it's very troublesome!"
Ye Xuan was about to speak, but they'd already left the Universe Barrier and appeared in the Dao World.
Mu Niannian took a deep breath and said, "The taste of the Fifth Dimension is still better!
I have some things to do, so don't come looking for me if there's nothing important during this period of time, and don't come looking for me if there's something, because I'm very busy!
In short, take care of yourself! "
Saying this, she vanished into thin air.
On the spot, Ye Xuan was silent.
Half a year!
He only had half a year now!
And his enemy wasn't a Void Escape Realm, but above it!
But this time was different, this time, Mu Niannian had delayed half a year for him!
Half a year!
Ye Xuan looked up into the sky and said softly, "Half a year, what can I do?"
Chen Yaonie suddenly said, "Become stronger!"
Become stronger!
Ye Xuan smiled, "Indeed!"
Saying this, he looked at Chen Yaonie, "Will you come with me to the Fifth Dimension?"
Chen Yaonie hesitated, then said, "I'm afraid Grandfather won't let me!"
Ye Xuan blinked, "Don't you want to be as strong as that sister?"
Chen Yaonie blinked, "Are you Dao Scripture?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Yes!"
Chen Yaonie hesitated, then said, "Will you really let me see it?"
Ye Xuan smiled, "If I can open that study room, I'll definitely let you see it!
But I have to remind you, it's very dangerous to go down with me!
Moreover, I want you to go down with me because I hope you can help me fight!
Of course, if I don't die, what can I do?
Open the Dao Scripture, I'll definitely share it with you. "
Chen Yaonie smiled, "You're very frank!
I like your frankness!
I'll go down with you! "
Ye Xuan laughed, "Let's go!"
Saying this, he disappeared with Chen Yaonie.
Ye Xuan didn't directly return to the Fifth Dimension. Instead, he brought Chen Yaonie to the Demon Path Clan.
In front of the Demon Path Hall, when Mo Zhong saw Ye Xuan, he was overjoyed and quickly said, "Son-in-law, you're here?"
Ye Xuan smiled, "Senior Mo Zhong, I'm not your family's son-in-law!"
Mo Zhong said in a deep voice, "You are!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
At this time, Mo Zhong suddenly said, "Son-in-law, please follow me!"
Saying this, he brought Ye Xuan and Chen Yaonie to the Demon Path Hall. Inside the hall, Ye Xuan saw Demon Xiao Dao.
Ye Xuan walked in front of Demon Xiao Dao and said with a smile, "Are you alright?"
Demon Xiao Dao looked at Ye Xuan and said with a smile, "Very good!
What about you? "
Ye Xuan smiled lightly, "Very good!"
Demon Xiao Dao looked at Chen Yaonie, and Ye Xuan quickly introduced her. "She's Chen Yaonie, we just met!"
Chen Yaonie!
Hearing this, Demon Xiao Dao and Mo Zhong's expressions changed. Demon Xiao Dao looked at Chen Yaonie. "You're that Chen Yaonie!"
Chen Yaonie blinked. "You know me?"
Demon Xiao Dao said in a deep voice, "Aren't you our Dao World's number one monster?"
Chen Yaonie smiled, "Yes, I'm the Dao World's number one monster!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Demon Xiao Dao looked at Chen Yaonie and then looked at Ye Xuan. "Did you come alone?"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "I came with Mu Niannian. She took me to the Meru Kingdom …"
Then, he told him what had happened in the Meru Kingdom.
Demon Xiao Dao was silent for a long time before he said, "What do you think?"
Ye Xuan smiled bitterly. "I only have half a year. What else can I think?"
Demon Xiao Dao looked at Ye Xuan. "Why did she give you half a year?
Have you thought about this? "
Ye Xuan fell silent.
Demon Xiao Dao said softly, "No matter what the reason is, you just have to remember that you have to cherish this half a year. You might have to face more things in half a year!
Do you understand what I mean? "
Ye Xuan nodded. "Understood!"
Demon Xiao Dao nodded slightly. Deep in her eyes, there was a trace of worry …
.....
In a certain part of the Fifth Dimension, Mu Niannian was walking alone. In her right hand was a small roasted fish.
But she didn't eat it!
At this time, Mu Niannian coughed. This cough caused her face to turn pale.
Ling 'er suddenly said, "You're injured!"
Mu Niannian shook her head. "They can't hurt me!
It's the Cause of Disaster! "
Then, she looked at her right hand. In her right palm, there was a shallow bloodstain.
Mu Niannian's mouth curled up. "Interesting. You want to kill me so openly!"
Ling 'er said, "Is it because you interfered with his matters?"
Mu Niannian said softly, "I bought him half a year … this is the price …"
Ling 'er said anxiously, "You're so powerful. Can't you cut off this Cause of Disaster?"
Mu Niannian looked at the light red bloodstain in her hand. "I can!
But I can't do that. "
Ling 'er was puzzled. "Why?"
Mu Niannian smiled. "If it was before, I would definitely play with this Cause of Disaster. But now … Sigh, my body can't take it … Moreover, big trouble is coming!
I can't deal with this Cause of Disaster! "
Then, she looked around and said softly, "I don't know how long I can see this beautiful world!"
....





Chapter 1260
Ye Xuan had returned to the Five Dimensional Universe. For him, he had to cherish every day in the future!
Half a year!
After being enlightened by Demon Xiao Dao, he understood what this half a year meant.
Half a year!
It was not a lot, but it was not a small amount!
Of course, the premise was that he had to make good use of this half a year.
Within the Fifth Dimension Alliance Palace, Guan Yin was reporting to Ye Xuan about the matters of the Fifth Dimension.
After a long time, Ye Xuan softly said, "We are developing very quickly!"
In the Fifth Dimension, there were five Self Release Realm experts. They were Xiao Qi, Aro, An Lanxiu, Zhang Wenxiu, and Senior Sister Lu.
What surprised him was that Ah Jiu and Situ had not reached Self Release Realm!
It was not that they could not reach it, but that they did not want to!
Their goal was to truly reach Self Release Realm!
Moreover, although they were not at Self Release Realm, their battle strength had already surpassed ordinary Self Release Realm experts!
There were already more than fifty half-step Self Release Realm experts, and there were countless Origin Returning Realm Shattering Realm experts.
The current overall strength of the Fifth Dimension was several times stronger than before.
Guan Yin said in a deep voice, "From now on, our improvement might slow down!"
Ye Xuan softly said, "We should also slow down!"
Continuing to improve so quickly was not a good thing.
The current Fifth Dimension was already like a seedling being spoiled by excessive enthusiasm.
Guan Yin looked at Ye Xuan, "Should we slow down?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Everyone can slow down, but we cannot stop cultivating. During this period of time, everyone should properly stabilize their martial path realm!"
Guan Yin nodded, "Understood!"
Ye Xuan looked at Guan Yin and smiled, "Lady Guan, our future might not be peaceful."
Guan Yin said in a deep voice, "I have already made my mental preparations."
Ye Xuan nodded, "During this period of time, you can also properly cultivate. As for the matters of the Fifth Dimension Alliance, you can slowly hand them over to others."
Guan Yin nodded, "Alright!"
Actually, she needed to stop for a while.
Because she had been dealing with everything by herself, this had seriously delayed her cultivation. Otherwise, she would have had a high chance of reaching Self Release.
After chatting with Guan Yin for a while, Ye Xuan left the hall and went to Tendo's Pawnshop alone.
The pawnshop was completely empty.
Ye Xuan sat behind the counter and took out a small wooden figurine. Looking at the wooden figurine in his hand, his thoughts gradually drifted away.
Ye Ling!
Where the hell did she go?
It could be said that Ye Ling was the most important person in his life.
Initially, Ye Xuan's thoughts were very simple. He wanted to live well and let his sister live well.
However, later on, he slowly realized that things were not so simple.
First was his identity. Thinking of his identity gave him a headache.
Prophet!
Qing'er!
The azure-robed man!
There was still another unknown!
He was actually so complicated!
Although he had always said that he was Ye Xuan, he knew that things were not that simple.
For example, if not for the plain-dressed woman, he would not be Ye Xuan but Ye Qing Zhi.
Reincarnation!
In the past, he did not believe in the so-called past and present lives!
But now, he had no choice but to believe!
When people cultivated to a certain level, reversing life and death might be a bit difficult, but interfering with one's own reincarnation was not a problem.
As for Ye Ling, he felt that her identity might not be simple …
Actually, he had a question in his heart.
That was, he had the Crazy Demon Bloodline, but Ye Ling did not!
There was also Dugu Xuan!
When she left, she said that she was looking for someone, but this time, it was as if she had disappeared from the world!
A trace of confusion flashed in Ye Xuan's eyes. Just who was he?
He had always thought that he was Ye Xuan, that it was that simple.
But now, he realized that this was just his own wishful thinking.
He, Ye Xuan, was not just 'Ye Xuan'.
At this moment, Ye Xuan's eyes became more and more confused.
Lost!
It was impossible for a person's life to be smooth all the time. Many times, it was possible to lose oneself and feel confused about the future.
Some people could wake up and walk the road in front of them again, but there were more people who lost themselves.
At this moment, he was a little confused because of this problem of karma.
At this moment, a voice suddenly sounded in Ye Xuan's mind. "You are you!"
The voice from the ninth floor!
Ye Xuan was slightly stunned. The next moment, a smile gradually appeared on his face. He shook his head and smiled. He had actually made a stupid mistake.
If he was not himself, who else could he be?
Why should he care too much about the past and present lives?
He just had to live according to his own ideas.
No matter what the past life was, it was the past life. No matter what the next life was, it was the next life and had nothing to do with him.
This life was the most important!
Forget about the past life, forget about the next life, live well in the present!
At this moment, he suddenly thought of a Buddhist saying that he learned in the ancient temple: 'How can there be enlightenment? Today, I know that I am who I am'.
Let it go!
This sentence meant to let it go!
There was an eminent monk in Buddhism who was too obsessed with enlightenment and lost himself. When he chose to let it go, he directly achieved enlightenment.
'Not being obsessed with any realm, there is no enlightenment to pursue. Forgetting everything, transcending the mortal realm, breaking through all kinds of delusions. Originally, there was nothing, how could it be stained with dust? '
This was a Buddhist saying in Buddhist scriptures. When he first heard it, he did not know what it meant. But now, he suddenly understood!
The past life was the past life, the next life was the next life, and he, Ye Xuan, was this life. It was enough to live well in this life.
Why did he care about the past life?
Why did he care about the next life?
Because whether it was the past life or the next life, that was not him, Ye Xuan. That was another 'Ye Xuan'.
What he needed to do now was to live well in this life. This life was his true self!
Thinking of this, Ye Xuan's body suddenly surged with a dazzling Buddhist light. Not only that, but the endless power of Buddhist Dharma in his body began to overflow and then revolved around him …
Looking at the Buddhist light around him, Ye Xuan was a little stunned. What was this?
At this moment, the power of Buddhist Dharma suddenly surged toward his brow. Soon, a golden 'swastika' character appeared between his eyebrows.
Ye Xuan was a little confused.
If the abbot of the ancient temple was here, he would definitely be shocked.
Because this was one of the realms of Buddhism: Spiritual Insight.
It was to clearly understand oneself and achieve enlightenment in one's heart.
This realm was very, very rare in Buddhism. Usually, it only appeared on those eminent monks. Someone as young as Ye Xuan was very rare, even in the Realm of Ultimate Bliss!
In fact, Ye Xuan did not realize that after his Spiritual Insight, he lost some unknown karma.
Some karmic entanglements were not innate, but caused by oneself.
It could be said that the karma on his body could only be severed by himself. It was difficult for outsiders to interfere.
Ye Xuan realized that the power of Buddhist Dharma in his body seemed to have become stronger!
As if he thought of something, he immediately activated his Vajra Buddha Body.
After the appearance of the Vajra Buddha Body, he was stunned.
This was because the Vajra Buddha Body was stronger than before!
At this moment, the voice from the ninth floor suddenly sounded in Ye Xuan's mind, "Buddhism is like this. They pay attention to enlightenment, very similar to you Swordsman.
I suddenly realized that kid, you have the potential to become a monk. Why don't you just become a monk! "
Ye Xuan shook his head and smiled, "If I have Buddha in my heart, so what if I'm not a monk?
If I don't have Buddha in my heart, so what if I'm a monk? "
As soon as his voice fell, the 'swastika' character between his eyebrows suddenly trembled violently. The next moment, a golden light shot out from the Tendo Pawnshop and into the sky.
At the same time, the power of Buddhist Dharma in Ye Xuan's body that was originally silent suddenly swept out like a tidal wave!
Boom!
The entire Boundless Underground City was directly enveloped by the power of Buddhist Dharma!
Suddenly, the color of the 'swastika' character between Ye Xuan's eyebrows deepened!
Ye Xuan was a little stunned. My power of Buddhist Dharma became stronger again?
At this moment, the ninth floor suddenly said, "You're really sick!
You're not human at all! "
Ye Xuan: "…"
At this moment, a monk suddenly appeared in front of Ye Xuan.
The person who came was the ancient temple's Monk Zhi Wu. When he saw the 'swastika' character between Ye Xuan's eyebrows, he was slightly stunned and then said with a trembling voice, "This is Spiritual Insight … You …"
Ye Xuan blinked his eyes, "Master, what's wrong?"
Zhi Wu clasped his hands together, "Young Master Ye, have you achieved Dao Validation?"
Ye Xuan shook his head and smiled, "I think so!"
Zhi Wu smiled bitterly, "Young Master Ye, you have achieved Spiritual Insight, but you are too calm!"
Ye Xuan looked at Zhi Wu, "Master, is Spiritual Insight very difficult?"
Zhi Wu's smile became even more bitter, "Young Master Ye, in my ancient temple, apart from an ancestor, no one has reached this realm. What do you think?"
Ye Xuan was silent for a moment, then said, "The more you care about it, the harder it is."
Zhi Wu was slightly stunned, then bowed respectfully, "Thank you, Young Master Ye, for your advice."
Just as Ye Xuan was about to speak, at this moment, two old monks suddenly appeared in front of Ye Xuan. They were the ancient temple's abbot and the Governor Elder.
The abbot looked at Ye Xuan. When he saw the 'swastika' character between Ye Xuan's eyebrows, he was stunned. After a moment, he clasped his hands together, his eyes filled with a complicated expression.
Spiritual Insight!
Throughout the history of the ancient temple, only two people were able to achieve this realm. He had never expected that Ye Xuan had actually achieved it!
But how many years had it been since Ye Xuan achieved it?
What a monster!
The Governor Elder felt extremely complicated in his heart as well. This slippery fellow has actually attained Spiritual Insight … How can I live with that?
After all, once one attained Spiritual Insight, then cultivating the Dharma would yield twice the results with half the effort!
At this moment, the Dharma energy on Ye Xuan's body was still growing stronger!
The abbot hesitated for a moment, and then said, "Young Master Ye, can you tell me how you attained Spiritual Insight?"
Ye Xuan looked at the abbot, "Abbot, you are an eminent monk, and your attainments in the Dharma far surpass mine. However, I feel that there is something wrong with you."
The abbot said, "Young Master Ye, please speak!"
Ye Xuan smiled, "You care too much!
Just like now, why do you care about this so-called realm?
Is the ultimate goal of cultivating the Dharma to attain enlightenment? "
The abbot was stunned when he heard this, and the prayer beads in his hand suddenly broke and scattered all over the ground …
....
PS: What is a monthly ticket?
It's dust!
All these years, I've been too obsessed with monthly tickets.
Now, I've let it go.
I don't want a monthly ticket!
I don't want a monthly ticket!





Chapter 1261
What was the purpose of cultivating Buddhism?
This question stumped the abbot!
A trace of confusion appeared in the abbot's eyes.
What was the purpose of cultivating Buddhism in the first place?
It was to cultivate!
Learning Buddhism was to become a Buddha. Learning Buddhism was to change oneself. Learning Buddhism was to cultivate one's mind!
And he did it!
But then it slowly changed!
At this time, Ye Xuan suddenly said, "In the Tripitaka Sutra, there is a saying, 'Don't create, don't create, don't create, don't create karma, don't pursue stubbornly'. Master, have you done it?"
The abbot clasped his hands together and shook his head.
Ye Xuan continued, "Many times, stubbornness is a prison, a prison that traps oneself. Letting it go is the same as opening the prison.
And now, everyone in the ancient temple is imprisoned by themselves. "
As he said this, he looked at the abbot and smiled, "Master, forgive me for being blunt, but you are too stubborn about the study and the Dao Canon. A senior once told me that the Dao Canon can indeed allow one to reach above Self Release or even higher, but that is a path given by others.
But if others don't give us a path, do we have no path to walk?
Our feet are on the body and the path is in the heart, so why do we need others to give us a path? "
Hearing this, the abbot looked deeply at Ye Xuan and clasped his hands together, "Young Master Ye, I am not as good as you!"
Stubbornness!
At this moment, he understood why Ye Xuan was so perceptive!
It was not a moment of enlightenment!
Ye Xuan giving up the study was a kind of realm in itself.
No, it should be said that Ye Xuan did not care too much about the study, nor did he want to rely on the study to become stronger like everyone else.
He did not care, and he was not stubborn!
The abbot suddenly said, "Young Master Ye, come with us to the ancient temple to cultivate!
How about it? "
Ye Xuan smiled, "I will go, but not now, I still have something to deal with!"
The abbot clasped his hands together, "Okay, we will wait for Young Master Ye in the ancient temple!"
As he said this, he turned around and left with the governor elder.
A moment later, Zhi Wu also left.
At this moment, the 9th floor suddenly said, "Will they give up on the Dao Canon?"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "I don't know!"
The Ninth House said, "The Buddhist dharma is very profound, and you should study it. It'll be very beneficial to your cultivation. However, I don't recommend that you delve too deeply into it. It's easy to fall into a demonic trap!"
Ye Xuan nodded.
In reality, his understanding of the Buddhist Dharma was only superficial. In terms of understanding of the Buddhist Dharma, he was far inferior to the abbot and the others. However, perhaps it was because of this that he was able to achieve spiritual enlightenment more easily.
This was because he had never thought much about the Buddhist Sect's Dao Proving Fruit!
Many times, many things, and many people were like the sand in your hand. The tighter you held it, the easier it was to lose it!
Ye Xuan collected his thoughts and walked out of the pawnshop. Looking at the horizon, Ye Xuan took in a deep breath. With a light gesture of his finger, a ray of sword light flew up and disappeared into the horizon in the blink of an eye.
Unrestrained Sword Heart!
With that epiphany just now, his Sword Dao had also improved significantly!
It could be said that he could now fight against a Self Release Realm expert like the Pope without the help of the World Prison Pagoda or the power of his bloodline.
After all, he was also a fake Self Release Realm expert!
However, there was a problem. His current enemies were not just Self Release Realm experts, but those above Self Release Realm!
The Godly Kingdom of Xumi!
He had not forgotten about this place!
Mu Niannian had suppressed the Godly Kingdom of Xumi and bought him half a year of time …
Half a year!
As if thinking of something, Ye Xuan turned into a ray of sword light and disappeared.
...
In the following period of time, the Fifth Dimension completely calmed down because there was no movement from the Dao World!
Dao World.
At this time, Jiang Yu's Dao World Alliance was growing larger and larger. There were 70 Self Release Realm experts!
It had to be said that this lineup was very terrifying!
It could be said that all the Self Release Realm experts of the Dao World had been gathered by him!
Of course, that Dao Village was excluded.
Although he was becoming stronger, Jiang Yu was becoming more low-key!
This was because he had suffered too many losses in the past!
Although he knew that the Dao Scripture was in the hands of the Fifth Dimension's Tendo, Jiang Yu did not go find Mu Niannian.
Since the Godly Kingdom of Xumi knew that the Dao Scripture was in Mu Niannian's hands but did not go steal it, this was enough to prove many things!
Moreover, what made him most afraid was that the Fifth Dimension's Tendo had taken away the Book House and the Pope right under their noses!
How terrifying was this strength?
Thus, he did not dare go find Mu Niannian!
Moreover, there was no need to find Mu Niannian!
The Godly Kingdom of Xumi had told him this information because they wanted to use him as a spear!
He was not in a hurry right now. In any case, in his opinion, there were many people more anxious than him!
In this game, whoever was anxious would suffer!
On this day, a woman came to the Immortal Pavilion. This person was the Dao Village's Li Qing.
Inside the pavilion, Jiang Yu looked at Li Qing, "Miss, is something the matter?"
Li Qing smiled, "Pavilion Master Jiang should know that the Book House is not in the hands of my Dao Village!"
Jiang Yu nodded, "Yes!"
Li Qing looked at Jiang Yu, "Then, Pavilion Master Jiang, do you know who has the Book House?"
Jiang Yu smiled, "In the hands of the Fifth Dimension's Tendo!"
Fifth Dimension's Tendo!
Li Qing frowned. Regarding the Fifth Dimension's Tendo, they had actually investigated this Tendo. In their investigation, this Fifth Dimension's Tendo was very low-key, without any sense of existence. As for his strength, they did not investigate too much!
How strong could a Tendo be?
But now it seemed that they had underestimated this Fifth Dimension's Tendo!
Li Qing looked at Jiang Yu, "Since Pavilion Master Jiang already knows that the Book House is in the hands of the Fifth Dimension's Tendo, why haven't you made a move?"
Jiang Yu smiled, "If the Dao Village wants it, go to the Fifth Dimension and find her. As for me, I'm not in a hurry!"
Li Qing smiled, "It seems that this Fifth Dimension's Tendo is very strong!"
Jiang Yu shook his head, "If Miss has something to say, just say it!"
Li Qing nodded, "Pavilion Master Jiang, my Dao Village wants to ally with you."
Jiang Yu was silent.
Li Qing continued, "The Fifth Dimension has already joined forces, the Sixth Dimension is also secretly helping Ye Xuan, and the ancient temple is also protecting Ye Xuan. Moreover, as far as I know, the Godly Kingdom of Xumi has also made a move.
Pavilion Master Jiang, I think we can ally, what do you think? "
Jiang Yu was silent.
Li Qing continued, "Pavilion Master Jiang should understand that none of us can single-handedly swallow this Dao Scripture!"
Jiang Yu looked at Li Qing, "We can ally, but we are only allies."
The corner of Li Qing's mouth curled up, "Just as we thought!
Pavilion Master Jiang, if my Dao Village has any new news, we will send someone to inform you. If Pavilion Master Jiang has any news, please inform us as well! "
Jiang Yu nodded, "Of course!"
Li Qing nodded, then left.
Jiang Yu looked at the departing Li Qing, deep in thought. No one knew what he was thinking.
...
Somewhere in the starry sky, Ye Xuan was flying on his sword. At this moment, he was already in the Dao World.
And his goal this time was …
The Prophet's former family!
The Ye Clan!
He had wanted to see the Ye Clan for a long time. This was the place where the Prophet had stayed.
The Ye Clan was located in a mountain range. Under the Big Sister's guidance, Ye Xuan came to the depths of the mountain range. After passing through layers of dense forests, he saw an old city. The city was not big, and it was very desolate. Ruins could be seen in the surrounding mountains.
It was obvious that this place had been ravaged before!
Ye Xuan walked into the city. There were countless weeds in the city, and it was incomparably desolate.
Ye Xuan said softly, "Big Sister, is there no one in the Ye Clan?"
The Big Sister was silent for a moment, then said, "It should be!
Back then, dozens of Self Release Realm powerhouses gathered at the Ye Clan … Actually, Mister always felt that there was a mastermind behind the scenes! "
"Mastermind behind the scenes?"
Ye Xuan frowned slightly, "What do you mean?"
The Big Sister said, "After Mister obtained the Dao Scripture, no one knew about it. But for some reason, there were rumors that he obtained the Dao Scripture …"
Ye Xuan asked, "Did he say who it was?"
The Big Sister said, "No!
He was just guessing!
Actually, now that I think about it, it wasn't just the Dao World powerhouses who participated in the siege of the Ye Clan. There should be powerhouses from other worlds too! "
Ye Xuan asked, "What do you mean?"
The Big Sister said, "If it was just a Self Release Realm powerhouse, Mister should be able to deal with it!"
Ye Xuan was silent.
The Big Sister said again, "That battle … was very tragic!"
Ye Xuan looked around and said softly, "I can see that!"
After saying that, he walked into the depths of the city.
Inside the city, there were dilapidated walls and weeds everywhere. It was incomparably desolate.
This was once the most prosperous place in the Dao World because the Ye Clan's ancestor, Ye Lanting, was the number one powerhouse in the Dao World!
At that time, the Ye Clan was incomparably glorious!
Unfortunately, with Ye Lanting's disappearance, the Ye Clan gradually declined. It was not easy for the Ye Clan to produce Ye Qingzhi, but he encountered an unexpected disaster …
It had to be said that the Ye Clan was still quite miserable!
At that moment, Ye Xuan suddenly stopped in his tracks. Not far in front of him was a dilapidated hall that was covered in weeds and exuded a pungent smell of grass.
The reason Ye Xuan stopped was that his Prison Pagoda was reacting!
Ye Xuan took out the Prison Pagoda, which vibrated gently as if it was responding to something.
Ye Xuan said, "Big Sister?"
The Big Sister said softly, "There might be something inside!"
Ye Xuan nodded and pointed with his fingers. A wisp of sword-light flew out and the weeds that covered the hall disappeared in an instant.
Ye Xuan walked toward the dilapidated hall. At that moment, a voice rang out in Ye Xuan's mind. "Do you really want to go in?"
It was the Ninth Floor's voice!
Ye Xuan frowned slightly. "What's wrong?"
The Ninth Floor's voice said in a deep voice, "Kid, I feel that something is wrong!"
Ye Xuan glanced at the hall and asked, "Senior, do you feel something?"
The Ninth Floor replied, "I just feel that something is wrong!"
Ye Xuan looked at the hall and scanned it with his spiritual consciousness. However, he did not feel anything.
Ye Xuan thought about it and turned to leave.
Since the Ninth Floor had said that something was wrong, then there was definitely a problem!
He did not want to court death!
He would not do anything if he could!
At that moment, a voice suddenly came from behind him. "Since you're here!
Why don't you come in and have a seat? "
.....





Chapter 1262
Someone's there!
Ye Xuan turned to look at the hall, but he could not sense anyone inside.
Ye Xuan smiled, "Big Sister, is it your husband?"
Big Sister was silent.
Ye Xuan frowned, "Is it really your husband?"
Big Sister said softly, "Let's go!"
Obviously, she did not want Ye Xuan to enter.
At this moment, another voice came from inside, "Are you afraid of something?"
Provocation!
Ye Xuan shook his head and smiled, "I'm not afraid of anything, but I don't think there's a need to take the risk. There's no benefit, don't you think?"
Just because he was not afraid didn't mean he would enter!
That voice smiled, "Do you want benefits?"
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Do you?"
That voice said, "Is true Self Release considered a benefit?"
Ye Xuan was silent.
That voice said again, "You only have one chance!"
At this moment, Big Sister suddenly said, "Let's go!"
Ninth Floor also said, "Let's go!
Don't hesitate! "
That voice smiled, "Let's go!"
Ye Xuan smiled, "I also want to see the former number one genius of the Dao World!"
After saying that, he walked towards the hall.
Big Sister suddenly sighed, "You might regret it!"
Ye Xuan smiled, "Big Sister wants me to enter, right?"
Big Sister was silent.
Ninth Floor suddenly said, "Kid, why are you acting on impulse?"
Ye Xuan shook his head and smiled, "I just want to see the person who schemed against me!"
As he spoke, he entered the hall.
Inside the hall, a long-haired man sat cross-legged. The man sat on the ground, his hair draped over his shoulders, and his head was slightly lowered, so his face could not be seen.
He had already guessed who the person in front of him was!
Ye Qing knew!
At this moment, Big Sister and the other Dao Laws suddenly appeared beside Ye Xuan.
Looking at the long-haired man in the distance, Big Sister and the others were very excited.
Obviously, Ye Xuan's guess was right.
At this moment, the long-haired man said softly, "They're all here!"
Big Sister looked at the long-haired man with a complicated expression, "Sir …"
The long-haired man smiled, "I'm just an image."
An image!
The real prophet had disappeared.
The elder sister's expression was extremely complicated. "Sir, back then …"
The long-haired man said with a smile, "This is the so-called will of the heavens!
Man proposes, God disposes! "
As he spoke, he faced Ye Xuan. "Already at Self Release?"
Ye Xuan laughed and said, "False Escape!"
The long-haired man asked softly, "What about her?"
Ye Xuan looked at the long-haired man, "Are you talking about the plain-dressed woman?"
The long-haired man nodded.
Ye Xuan said, "Let's go!
He went to a very, very far place! "
After a moment of silence, the long-haired man said, "I fought her before."
Ye Xuan said nothing.
The long-haired man chuckled. "You already know the outcome!"
Ye Xuan was silent.
The long-haired man continued, "When I chose you at the beginning, I only saw the great Karmic Luck you possessed, but I didn't see the variables of karma you possessed.
That's not right, I already felt it at that time!
But I feel that I can do it, feel that I can endure it … "
As he spoke, he shook his head and smiled. "Conceit kills!"
Ye Xuan laughed and said, "Senior, as far as I know, your character in the Fifth Dimension is very good."
The long-haired man laughed and said, "Does a person with good character not do bad things?"
Ye Xuan was silent.
The long-haired man smiled and said, "Good people can also do bad things, and bad people can also do good things!"
Ye Xuan laughed and said, "That's true."
As he spoke, he looked at big sister and the others and said, "Big sister and the others didn't let me in just now. Let me guess, they were afraid that you would take over my body?"
The long-haired man laughed and said, "If I wanted to take over your body, how would you resist?"
As he spoke, he opened his palm and the World Prison Pagoda appeared in his hand.
This was created by him, so the World Prison Pagoda naturally chose him!
Ye Xuan laughed and said, "Do you know why I dared to come in?"
The long-haired man said, "The plain-dressed woman?"
Ye Xuan shook his head, "Because I feel that the prophet has disappeared!
He has disappeared forever! "
The long-haired man was silent.
Ye Xuan continued, "As for this Xiao Ta, if you want to take it back, you can take it back at any time!
It originally didn't belong to me, Ye Xuan, so I won't force it to follow me. "
As he spoke, he looked at big sister and the others and said, "You guys as well!
I will remember your help, but I have always been clear that you have no obligation to help me, because you don't owe me anything. "
For Ye Xuan, he couldn't 'take it for granted'.
Simply put, he couldn't take other people's help for granted!
Big sister and the others really didn't owe Ye Xuan anything.
Therefore, as he said, if big sister and the others really wanted to leave, he definitely wouldn't force them!
If others helped him, it was a favor. If they didn't help, it was their duty.
Hearing Ye Xuan's words, big sister and the others looked at him with complicated expressions.
At this time, the long-haired man suddenly laughed and said, "Not bad, your attitude is very good.
However, if you're really willing to come in, it should be because you have absolute confidence in yourself, right? "
Ye Xuan asked, "Will you take over my body?"
The long-haired man laughed and said, "What do you think?"
Ye Xuan looked at the long-haired man and said, "When she kills, she definitely won't leave any future troubles!"
The place suddenly quietened down!
After a while, the long-haired man laughed and said, "What a good Ye Xuan!
You're right, when she kills, she definitely won't leave any future troubles! "
Just as Ye Xuan said, the Prophet had really disappeared!
The image in front of him wanted to take over his body?
Absolutely impossible!
Because he wasn't even a soul!
Since he wasn't even a soul, how could he take over his body?
It could be said that the Prophet didn't even have the ability to take over his body!
At this time, Ye Xuan said again, "Senior, are you waiting for me here or?"
The long-haired man shook his head and said, "I'm not waiting for you. To be more precise, I'm waiting for myself."
Ye Xuan looked at the long-haired man and said, "Senior, is there anything you need my help with?"
The long-haired man laughed and said, "Don't you hate me?
Back then, I schemed against you! "
Ye Xuan said, "Death is the most important thing!"
What he meant was that he was already dead!
What was the use of hating him?
He should think of a way to get some benefits as compensation. That would be more practical!
Upon hearing Ye Xuan's words, the long-haired man laughed. "Interesting!
To be honest, I do have some unfulfilled wishes that I need your help with!
Of course, I won't let you help me for nothing! "
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "I won't shirk my duty!"
Obviously, there were benefits to be had!
The long-haired man laughed and said, "When I obtained the Dao scripture back then, I already felt that something was wrong, so I hid some of my clansmen. I hope you can take care of them on my behalf. Don't let them appear in the world. Just take care of them secretly. If there are any good seedlings, you can help me nurture them."
Ye Xuan nodded. "No problem!"
The long-haired man said, "The Ye Clan's hatred is not your hatred, so I won't ask you to take revenge. However, based on the current situation, you and the Dao World probably can't be reconciled."
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes!"
As long as the Dao World did not give up on the Dao scripture, there would be no reconciliation between them!
The long-haired man said with a smile, "These are actually small fries …"
Ye Xuan frowned slightly. "What do you mean?"
The long-haired man shook his head and smiled. "You can experience it yourself in the future!
One last thing!
Back then, I was just a scholar who wanted to create a fair world. However, I later discovered that this was simply impossible.
Although we can't achieve absolute fairness, we can make the world a better place! "
After saying that, he took out an ancient book and handed it to Ye Xuan. "These are some ideas that I wrote back then. Take a look. It will be best if you can use it in the future. If not, you can help me leave it to a fated person. How about that?"
Ye Xuan glanced at the ancient book. There was no name on it. He took the ancient book and nodded. "Sure!"
The long-haired man looked at the Big Sister and the rest and said with a smile, "You can follow him in the future. He can give you a good home."
The Big Sister said in a trembling voice, "Sir …"
The long-haired man shook his head. "I don't blame anyone. I don't blame him. I don't blame that plain-dressed woman!
It was me who started the evil Karma. I reaped the consequences of my own actions. It has nothing to do with others. "
The Big Sister fell silent.
The long-haired man said again, "Also, although I created you, you have your own paths now. There is no need for you to live in the world that I once gave you. Live your own lives well."
The Big Sister nodded slightly. "I understand."
The long-haired man said with a smile, "If you follow him, it will be dangerous but there will also be opportunities!"
The Big Sister hesitated for a moment and said, "Sir, do you know about the Cause of Misfortune on him?"
The long-haired man glanced at Ye Xuan and nodded. "I know about Dao Yi!"
The Big Sister hurriedly said, "Do you have a way to help him get rid of that Cause of Misfortune?"
The long-haired man fell silent for a long time before shaking his head. "I can't!"
Ye Xuan asked. "Could Senior do it at his peak?"
The long-haired man said with a smile, "If it was at that time, I could buy some time for you. However, I couldn't get rid of it completely!
There was no other way!
Even that plain-dressed woman couldn't do it!
Because there was no way to force it! "
Ye Xuan was puzzled. "Why?"
The long-haired man said with a smile, "Actually, it shouldn't be called the Cause of Misfortune. It should be called the Effect of Misfortune.
There is a cause and effect. You have this Effect of Misfortune. It must be the Cause of Misfortune that you created. Do you understand what I mean? "
Ye Xuan fell silent.
The Cause of Misfortune!
The Prophet's meaning was very simple. Cause and effect. It was the cause that he created!
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "I haven't done anything in this life!"
The Prophet smiled. "You haven't done anything, but haven't I still come to find you?"
Ye Xuan looked at the Prophet. The Prophet smiled and said, "This world is like this. Most of the time, the world is filled with hostility towards you. Even if you don't do anything, or even have a good heart, there might be unexpected disasters!
And some evil people have done all kinds of bad things, but they are still living well. "
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Why is that?"
The Prophet looked at Ye Xuan, "Because the Good and Evil Reincarnation Path has collapsed!"
Ye Xuan was a little puzzled, "Good and Evil Reincarnation Path?"
The Prophet nodded, "There is an ancient saying that good will be rewarded and evil will be punished.
In the past, there was a very perfect good and evil reincarnation order. Good karma must have good karma, and evil karma must have evil karma. If a person wants to enter reincarnation, it is not controlled by themselves, but according to their good and evil merits when they were alive.
The good will be rewarded in the next life, and the evil will be punished in the next life.
However, this Good and Evil Dao has collapsed. The good and evil reincarnation order no longer exists. No, it should be said that it has become very chaotic! "
Ye Xuan frowned slightly, "It has become very chaotic?
Why? "
The Prophet looked at Ye Xuan, "Because there are evil people who are stronger than good people. The other party has reversed the good and evil karma order.
Simply put, someone has broken this Good and Evil Reincarnation Path and changed this order. "
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment before he asked, "Is it very difficult?"
The Prophet smiled and said, "Do you know how strong the plain-dressed woman is?"
Ye Xuan shook his head, "I don't know!"
The Prophet said softly, "I don't know either!"
Ye Xuan, "…"
The Prophet said again, "But I know one thing about Dao Yi, that is, she can already break the dao … I followed the evil dao into reincarnation, but she easily broke the evil dao reincarnation, forcibly erasing me from this reincarnation … This means that she can already break the dao, but I don't know to what extent she has reached. Maybe, she can only break the dao of reincarnation, maybe … she can break all the dao in the world …"
....
PS: I have been putting on weight recently, lack of exercise!
Does anyone have any suggestions?





Chapter 1263
In fact, the Prophet's heart was also very complicated.
When he first felt that Ye Xuan had some bad karma, he still chose Ye Xuan. It was not because he was arrogant, but because he was confident!
He was confident that he could take on Ye Xuan's karma and retribution!
However, he did not expect that Ye Xuan had such a terrifying Dao Protector behind him.
Only those who could break through the Dao could pose a threat to him.
However, this kind of expert almost belonged to the legends.
However, he met one!
He was very unlucky!
But his death was not unjust!
This was the result of his own actions!
At this time, Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Senior, what does breaking through the Dao mean?"
The Prophet collected his thoughts and said with a smile, "It means breaking through the Dao!"
Ye Xuan said, "Can you explain in more detail?"
The Prophet said with a smile, "Breaking through the Dao is very simple. Breaking through the Dao, the person is not in the Dao, and is not bound by the order set by others."
Ye Xuan thought for a moment and then said, "It sounds very simple!"
The Prophet laughed, "It does sound simple, but to do it is as difficult as ascending to the heavens!"
Ye Xuan looked at the Prophet, "Senior, can you do it?"
The Prophet said with a smile, "I originally had a lot of hope, but … you also know that I was killed later!"
Ye Xuan, "…"
The Prophet looked at Ye Xuan and then said, "Someone helped you alleviate the disaster in your body!"
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "It should be Nian Nian!"
The Prophet said softly, "Mu Niannian!"
Ye Xuan looked at the Prophet, "Senior, do you know her?"
The Prophet nodded slightly, "This is a strange woman!
Very strong. "
Ye Xuan asked, "How strong?"
The Prophet said with a smile, "Abnormally strong!"
Ye Xuan, "…"
The Prophet said again, "She is really kind. If she had the slightest evil thought, those living beings in the Fifth Dimension would have been long gone."
Ye Xuan nodded. "Very kind!"
The prophet looked at Ye Xuan and said with a smile, "I didn't expect her to help you. When I asked her to help me, she refused!"
Ye Xuan was curious. "What do you want her to help you with?"
The prophet shrugged, "Let her help me protect my path, let me smoothly become you!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The prophet said softly, "She advised me at that time that once I stepped on this path, there would be no way back.
At the time, I didn't believe it … It wasn't until I was killed that I understood what she meant. She was the one who saw the farthest!
Farther than I've ever seen.
Unfortunately, I was a little too confident at that time. "
Ye Xuan asked in a deep voice, "Senior, have you read the scriptures before?"
The prophet nodded, "Yes!
But it's just a broken page. "
Ye Xuan frowned slightly. "There is no complete Dao scripture in the study room?"
The prophet shook his head, "No!"
As he said that, he looked at Ye Xuan. "Although it's only a broken page, it's enough for you!
At least for now! "
Ye Xuan was silent for a long time, and said, "Nian Nian said that it's the path given by others!"
After a moment of silence, the prophet said softly, "I'm not as good as her!"
Ye Xuan looked at the prophet. The prophet laughed self-deprecatingly. "On this point, I'm far inferior to her.
She's right. The Dao scripture is the path given to you by others! "
Ye
Xuan was silent.
The prophet smiled and said, "Are you going to learn from her and walk your own path?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
The prophet smiled and said, "Stupid!"
Ye Xuan looked at the prophet. The prophet chuckled and said, "Why doesn't she need the Dao scripture?
Because she had already walked her own path at that time, so she didn't need the Dao scripture.
And you haven't!
I see that you've already reached the great realm of 'free heart'. Why do you have an obsession in your heart? "
Ye Xuan bowed slightly. "Senior, please guide me!"
The prophet smiled and said, "There are many paths leading to the end of the martial path. Some paths were taken by others. We can follow this path because this is someone else's experience. We can learn from it!
You don't have to deliberately open up a path for yourself!
Of course, if there's no path, you should have the mentality of a Five Dimensional Tendo. If there's a path, I'll walk it. If there's no path, I'll walk it myself.
Do you understand what I mean? "
Ye Xuan said softly, "I understand!"
There's no need to be too obsessed with form!
The prophet smiled slightly. "The study room isn't in your hands?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "It's in Nian Nian's hands!"
The prophet said softly, "There are some of my works in there. These works are still helpful to you. Other than that, there are three other things. The first is this broken page of the Dao scripture. The second is this Buddhist scripture!"
Ye Xuan was a little curious. "Buddhist scripture?"
The prophet nodded. "It's a very interesting Buddhist scripture!"
As he spoke, he sized up Ye Xuan and said, "You've cultivated the ancient temple's Vajra Buddha Body!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes!"
The prophet said softly, "It seems that you've been infected with Buddhist karma. However, it's not a bad thing!
That Buddhist dharma is indeed worth studying.
If you open that study room in the future, you can read that Buddhist scripture. It will be of great help to you! "
Ye Xuan smiled bitterly. "I can't open it!"
The prophet smiled and said, "Then the time is not right."
Ye Xuan was a little puzzled. "Why?"
The prophet looked at Ye Xuan and said with a smile, "In the study room, other than the Dao scriptures and Buddhist scriptures, there is another thing. This thing is very dangerous. If you open it now, you will be in danger!"
Ye Xuan was a little curious. "What divine object?"
The prophet smiled and said, "You'll know in the future!"
Ye Xuan, "…"
The prophet looked at himself and said with a smile, "I don't have time to chat with you!
Don't you want to reach the true Release One?
I'll help you along the way!
There are fifty Great Daos, forty-nine heavenly evolutions, and man escapes one … This is what a remnant page of the Dao scripture says. It means that there are fifty Great Daos in the world, but only forty-nine have been born. It means that Tendo is not complete, and everything has a chance of survival.
And Release One is this chance of survival. Do you understand what I mean? "
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "How do I transcend the Great Daos and reach Release One?"
The prophet looked at Ye Xuan. "Ask yourself!"
Ye Xuan was stunned. "Ask me?"
The prophet nodded. "Release One is in the word 'escape'. We are within the Great Daos, and we are bound by the Great Daos. We cannot resist the rules of the Great Daos, at least temporarily. However, we can escape from the Great Daos, which is to escape from the Great Daos and not be bound by the Great Daos!"
As he said this, he paused and said, "A man is like a cow. If it is led by a rope for too long, one day, even if you don't tie it up, it won't escape. Why is that?
Because it is used to being bound!
Even if the rope isn't fixed, it won't escape because it feels that it is still tied up.
Humans are the same. The rules of the Great Daos are like this rope.
If you want to understand this, you will find that reaching Release One is a very, very simple matter! "
Ye Xuan was silent. His hands slowly clenched.
The prophet said, "The so-called fake Release One is actually deceiving oneself and others. A fake Release One is like a cow that is tied up by a rope, but it tells itself that it isn't tied up … In fact, it is still tied up by that rope.
And many fake Release One experts always want others to untie the rope for them, but they don't know that they can actually struggle free themselves.
Just like Mu Niannian once said, if there is no path ahead, why not create one yourself? "
Ye Xuan was silent.
The prophet looked at Ye Xuan. "Many times, if you think about things from a different angle, everything will be easily solved.
Of course, the premise is that you have enough strength. And the current you already has the strength to take that step. It will depend on whether you can understand it or not! "
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "I understand!"
The prophet looked at Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan smiled and said, "It's actually not complicated."
The prophet smiled and said, "Tell me about it!"
Ye Xuan took a step forward. The Sword Domain suddenly enveloped the surroundings. The moment the Sword Domain appeared, his entire person became illusory!
At this moment, he gave off a very strange feeling. It was like he was here, but also not like he was here. It was faintly discernible, illusory!
The prophet looked at Ye Xuan and did not speak.
Ye Xuan slowly raised his right hand. The space around him surged, and the space in the Sword Domain began to ripple like water. And his entire person also began to ripple like water. It was very strange!
The prophet was silent for a long time before saying softly, "Congratulations!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Many thanks for Senior's guidance!"
The prophet smiled and said, "There are still some flaws!"
Ye Xuan nodded, "I know!"
He had actually reached Release One with the help of the Sword Domain. However, he was only Release One within the Sword Domain. He used the Sword Domain to let himself transcend the Great Dao, but strictly speaking, if he did not have the Sword Domain, he would still be within the Great Dao!
Simply put, this was equivalent to cheating to reach Release One!
This was the flaw!
However, he could truly reach Release One, it was just that he lacked strength right now.
If he wanted to escape from the Great Dao, he had to face the Great Dao head-on and force himself out of the scope of the Great Dao. This was very, very difficult. He had tried it just now, but his strength was not enough!
However, he found that with the help of the Sword Domain, he could very easily reach Release One.
The Sword Domain formed its own domain, and after he comprehended it, he could use the Sword Domain to reach Release One. However, the flaw was that he could only reach Release One within the Sword Domain and was not bound by the Great Dao!
It could be said that it was only a matter of time before he reached true Release One.
The prophet looked at Ye Xuan and chuckled, "Your comprehension is very good!"
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "Senior, after I reached Release One, why is my karma …"
The Prophet said softly, "Because that is the Cause of Misfortune. Moreover, as I said before, this might be the Cause of Misfortune that you planted yourself. Therefore, if you want to rely on yourself to break this Cause and Effect, it is very, very difficult!
Of course, it is not impossible!
If you reach the strength of the plain-dressed woman, even the evil karma that you planted yourself can be severed.
Just like the plain-dressed woman, even if she destroyed a part of the universe, this is an evil karma, but let me ask you, who can punish her?
No one!
Do you understand?
The so-called not being affected by all karma is because my fist is hard enough. My fist is hard enough, who dares to punish me? "
Ye Xuan was silent.
.....





Chapter 1264
Strength!
The reason why the plainly dressed woman was able to avoid all karma was simply because of strength!
With enough strength, all karma was just fleeting clouds!
In the end, it was a matter of strength!
At this moment, the Prophet's body gradually turned illusory.
Ye Xuan looked at the Prophet. The Prophet smiled, "At first, I was indeed a little unwilling, but after seeing you, I suddenly understood many things.
No matter what, live well! "
With that, his body turned illusory.
Big sister and the rest rushed over. The Prophet smiled, "Live well!
Only when you are alive can you do more things! "
With that, he looked at Ye Xuan and smiled, "You and I met not because of a good cause, but because of a good effect.
I schemed against you, it was my fault. The study room and Xiao Ta can be considered as compensation!
We are even, what do you think? "
Ye Xuan thought about it and nodded, "Alright!"
The Prophet smiled, "No other thoughts, just treat them well.
Goodbye! "
With that, he disappeared.
Completely gone!
Ye Xuan realized that something seemed to have disappeared from his body.
He looked at himself and knew that it was the Prophet's karma!
The Prophet's karma was decreasing!
After a moment of silence, Ye Xuan looked at big sister and the rest. At this moment, big sister and the rest looked sluggish and at a loss.
At this moment, they knew that the Prophet was really gone!
Ye Xuan's heart was a little complicated. He did not hate the Prophet. As he said, the Prophet had been killed!
What was there for him to hate!
He was just a little emotional!
Although he did not have much contact with him, he could see that the Prophet was not a heinous person.
Of course, he would not think that the Prophet was a good person!
After all, if not for the plainly dressed woman, there would not be a person named Ye Xuan in this world!
At this moment, big sister suddenly looked at Ye Xuan, "Let's go!"
Ye Xuan looked at big sister and big sister said softly, "Actually, we are already mentally prepared!"
The Prophet schemed against Ye Xuan and was killed by the plainly dressed woman. At first, she could not accept it, but now, she was relieved.
When the prophet was alive, he always talked about the word 'reason'.
It was the Prophet who was unreasonable first, so even the Prophet himself was not qualified to hate Ye Xuan, so what qualifications did they have to hate Ye Xuan?
Ye Xuan said softly, "Let's go!"
Big Sister nodded. Then, she brought all the Dao Laws back into the Prison Pagoda.
Ye Xuan was about to leave when Big Sister suddenly said, "Have you ever thought about what would happen if Mister left a strand of his soul here?"
Ye Xuan laughed: "You want to say that I was in danger just now, because you guys might have helped the prophet take over my body, right?"
Big Sister said, "Yes!"
Ye Xuan thought for a moment, and then he said, "Big Sister, do you dare?"
With that, he smiled and walked out.
The eldest sister was silent.
Did he dare?
She didn't dare!
Would the Prophet dare?
Not to mention a split soul, even a living prophet wouldn't dare!
...
Ye Xuan did not leave the Dao World right away. Instead, he found some clansmen of the Prophet. Some of the Prophet's clansmen lived in a small city called Gu City. It was a very small city with a population of less than one hundred thousand!
And the Prophet's clansmen were hidden there!
Ye Xuan used the information given by the Prophet to arrive in front of an old house. He knocked lightly on the door, and it suddenly opened. A hunchbacked old man glanced at Ye Xuan. "You are?"
Ye Xuan opened his palm, and the Prison Pagoda appeared in his hand.
When he saw the Prison Pagoda, the hunchbacked old man was stunned.
A moment later, he said with a trembling voice, "Young … Young Patriarch …"
With that, he slowly knelt down.
Ye Xuan helped the hunchbacked old man up. "Let's go in and talk!"
The hunchbacked old man nodded hurriedly. "Alright!"
As he spoke, he invited Ye Xuan into the house. When they were walking towards the hall, Ye Xuan suddenly turned his head. Not far to his right, a ten-year-old girl was sitting there. The girl was wearing a green dress. She was sitting on a stone bench and reading a book. She was very focused on her book.
Ye Xuan was about to retract his gaze when the girl suddenly looked at him.
The girl's eyes were very calm, so calm that it was a little abnormal.
Ye Xuan glanced at the girl and retracted his gaze. Then, he walked into the hall with the hunchbacked old man.
After entering the hall, the hunchbacked old man bowed respectfully to Ye Xuan and said with a trembling voice, "Young Patriarch, you …"
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "No need to be so polite!"
The hunchbacked old man nodded and was about to speak when Ye Xuan suddenly said, "How many clansmen are there?"
The hunchbacked old man said in a deep voice, "There are 360 people!"
360 people!
Ye Xuan thought about it and said, "Are they all survivors of the Ye Clan?"
The hunchbacked old man shook his head. "Only a few dozen people survived!"
Upon hearing this, Ye Xuan understood!
These people had developed later!
The hunchbacked old man suddenly said excitedly, "Young Patriarch has returned. Our Ye Clan will reappear in the world …"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "The situation in the Dao World is still complicated, so you still need to continue hiding here."
The hunchbacked old man hesitated and nodded. "That's true!"
Ye Xuan flicked his finger and a storage ring landed in front of the hunchbacked old man. "These are some resources. Keep them. If you don't have enough, you can contact me at any time in the future!"
The hunchbacked old man glanced at the storage ring and hurriedly knelt down again. "Thank you, Young Patriarch!"
Ye Xuan asked again, "Is there anyone particularly talented in the clan?"
The hunchbacked old man hesitated and said, "My granddaughter …"
Ye Xuan looked outside the hall. "That little girl?"
The hunchbacked old man suddenly knelt down again. "Young Patriarch, she is my granddaughter. However, for some unknown reason, she has been unable to cultivate. Please help her, Young Patriarch!"
In the world of warriors, not being able to cultivate was absolutely an extremely cruel thing!
Ye Xuan thought for a moment and said, "I'll go see her!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he walked outside and stood in front of the little girl. The hunchbacked old man hurriedly said, "Zhiming, quickly kowtow to the Young Patriarch!"
The little girl looked at Ye Xuan and didn't move.
The hunchbacked old man was slightly anxious and wanted to say something. However, Ye Xuan suddenly said, "You leave first. I'll talk to her alone!"
The hunchbacked old man hesitated for a moment and bowed respectfully. He didn't dare go against Ye Xuan's orders.
After the hunchbacked old man left, Ye Xuan looked at the little girl and smiled. "You're Ye Zhiming?"
The little girl looked at Ye Xuan and said, "The Cause of Misfortune!"
Ye Xuan's expression changed drastically!
What the hell?
This little girl can see the Cause of Misfortune on me?
Needless to say, Ye Xuan was extremely shocked. Could I have encountered another reincarnated expert?
The little girl suddenly withdrew her gaze and continued reading.
Ye Xuan glanced at the little girl and said, "Who are you?"
The little girl replied, "Ye Zhiming."
Ye Xuan walked over to the little girl and looked at her. "Why are you able to see the Cause of Misfortune on me?"
Ye Zhiming looked at Ye Xuan. "You have a lot of questions!"
Ye Xuan: …
“.....”
The little girl lowered her head and continued reading. As if she'd thought of something, she looked at Ye Xuan. "Someone helped you resist the Cause of Misfortune, but she suffered a backlash."
Mu Niannian!
Ye Xuan asked in a deep voice, "Is it very serious?"
The little girl replied softly, "It depends."
Ye Xuan frowned. "Depends on the situation?"
The little girl nodded.
Ye Xuan looked at Ye Zhiming. "Are you a reincarnated person?"
The little girl shook her head. "No!"
Ye Xuan wanted to ask more but Ye Zhiming suddenly said, "Can I follow you?"
Ye Xuan's expression turned strange!
Follow me!
What's going on?
Ye Zhiming suddenly asked again, "Can I?"
Ye Xuan asked in a deep voice, "Why do you want to follow me?"
Ye Zhiming was silent.
Ye Xuan said, "You're very abnormal!"
Ye Zhiming said after a long silence, "Then you can leave!"
Ye Xuan did not hesitate and turned to leave.
He was a little fearful of this mysterious little girl!
Moreover, he was not a compassionate person. This little girl was clearly abnormal. Bring her along?
Wouldn't that be asking for trouble?
At this moment, Ye Zhiming suddenly said, "The Great Dao has collapsed, the order is in chaos, the Dao Scripture from the heavens, the people cultivate on their own. Fortune and misfortune are interdependent, fate, fate, everything is fate, everything is not fate …"
Ye Xuan stopped and turned to Ye Zhiming. "What do you mean?"
Ye Zhiming smiled. "Because the fruit is fixed, the unfinished fruit can change, it's impermanence."
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Can you say something I can understand?"
Ye Zhiming smiled. "This is what the second remnant page of the Dao Scripture says, the karma section."
Dao Scripture!
Ye Xuan narrowed his eyes. "You have the second remnant page of the Dao Scripture!"
Ye Zhiming nodded. "I've read it."
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Who are you?!"
Ye Zhiming stood up and walked to Ye Xuan. She looked at Ye Xuan. "Let me follow you, I can help you alleviate this disaster."
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "What do you see in me that makes you want to follow me?"
Ye Zhiming shrugged. "You're already so miserable, what's there to be afraid of?"
Ye Xuan fell silent.
He had to admit that this woman's words made sense!
He was already so miserable, what's there to be afraid of?
Ye Xuan looked at Ye Zhiming. "Do I have any other benefits if you follow me?"
Ye Zhiming nodded. "Yes!
I can help you reach the true Self Release realm! "
Ye Xuan was puzzled. "Then why do you want to follow me?"
Ye Zhiming thought for a moment. "To see the other remnant page of the Dao Scripture in your study!
Of course, after you take out the Dao Scripture, I can also show you my remnant page and we can share it. What do you think? "
Ye Xuan fell silent.
She wanted to see the remnant page of the Dao Scripture!
Ye Xuan thought for a moment. "Can you really help me reach the Self Release realm?"
Ye Zhiming nodded. "Yes!"
Ye Xuan was about to speak. At this moment, the hunchbacked old man walked over. He glanced at Ye Xuan and hesitated. "Young Patriarch, can you take my granddaughter as your disciple?"
Ye Xuan glanced at Ye Zhiming. He shook his head. "No, I'm not worthy!"
The hunchbacked old man. "…"
....
PS: Monthly votes. This is my obsession. But I've let go of it!





Chapter 1265
Hearing Ye Xuan's words, the old man's expression changed, thinking that Ye Zhiming had offended Ye Xuan. He was about to kneel when Ye Zhiming suddenly said, "Grandfather, the Young Clan Leader has agreed to accept me as a disciple!"
Hearing Ye Zhiming's words, the old man was stunned, then overjoyed, "Really?"
Ye Zhiming nodded.
The hunchbacked old man hurriedly knelt before Ye Xuan. However, halfway through his kneeling, Ye Xuan put his fingers together and pulled the hunchbacked old man up with a force.
Ye Xuan smiled, "I want to take her away and let her cultivate well!"
The old man hesitated for a moment, then nodded, "Yes, yes!
It's the lass's fortune! "
Saying so, he looked at Ye Zhiming and said gently, "Lass, you must listen to the Young Clan Leader. You must be good, understand?"
Ye Zhiming nodded, "Yes!"
Ye Xuan left a bottle of elixirs for the old man and left with Ye Zhiming!
That bottle of elixirs was enough for the old man to break through again!
Somewhere in the starry sky, Ye Xuan was walking slowly with Ye Zhiming by his side.
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Miss Ye, who exactly are you?"
Ye Zhiming looked at Ye Xuan, "I am Ye Zhiming now!"
Ye Xuan asked, "What about in the past?"
Ye Zhiming asked back, "What about in the past?"
Ye Xuan fell silent.
Ye Zhiming smiled, "I have no intention of harming you. At least, I don't have the ability for now."
After a moment of silence, Ye Xuan said, "I met you because of the Misfortune Seed, right?"
Ye Zhiming nodded, "Yes!"
Ye Xuan's eyes narrowed. At this moment, he understood!
If he met Ye Zhiming because of the Misfortune Seed, it meant that Ye Zhiming could threaten him, or in other words, Ye Zhiming would bring him trouble.
Ye Xuan sighed softly.
He was a little annoyed!
Who was the one who gave him this Misfortune Seed?
Was it really his own fault?
At this moment, Ye Zhiming suddenly said, "But don't worry, there are two sides to every coin. Our meeting might bring you misfortune, but it could also be a blessing."
Ye Xuan glanced at Ye Zhiming. "I hope it's a good karma and not a bad one!"
Ye Zhiming glanced at Ye Xuan's abdomen. "Can I enter your Xiao Ta?"
Ye Xuan looked at Ye Zhiming. "What else do you know?"
Ye Zhiming walked up to Ye Xuan and placed her finger on Ye Xuan's forehead. In that instant, Ye Xuan felt his entire body tremble. Then, he saw countless black threads in front of him. Among these black threads, there was a blood-red thread.
Apart from that, there were also some green threads among the black threads.
Ye Xuan looked at Ye Zhiming. The latter said calmly, "These are your Karmic Threads of Fate. The black ones are bad, the green ones are good, and the red thread is the Misfortune Seed."
Ye Xuan said softly, "You mean to say that I'm a puppet under someone else's control?"
Ye Zhiming shook her head. "Other than a few people who can sever their own Karma, everyone else is bound by the Karma Dao.
Because as long as you live, your actions will create Karma. Just like how you helped the Prophet and came to the Ye Clan. That's how you met me … There are only two types of people who don't have Karma. The first is those who can sever their own Karma. The second is those who are dead, because after death, all Karma will dissipate. "
Ye Xuan fell silent.
Ye Zhiming continued, "Living is a kind of cultivation in itself.
There are many meanings to life. It all depends on which one you choose. "
Ye Xuan glanced at Ye Zhiming. "Miss Ye, you're very mysterious.
！”
Ye Zhiming said softly, "You're even more mysterious!"
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "Aren't you afraid that I'll bring you misfortune by following me?"
Ye Zhiming shook her head. "Even if someone dies, you'll die first!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
At this moment, the space in front of Ye Xuan suddenly split open and a woman walked out!
It was Mu Niannian!
Seeing Mu Niannian, Ye Xuan was stunned. He hurriedly said, "Sister Niannian, why are you here?"
Mu Niannian ignored Ye Xuan and looked at Ye Zhiming not far away.
Ye Zhiming also looked at Mu Niannian. "You're stronger than I thought!"
Mu Niannian turned to Ye Xuan. "How did you meet her?"
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment before recounting his encounter with the Prophet.
As if thinking of something, Ye Xuan said solemnly, "It can't be the Prophet's scheme, right?"
Mu Niannian shook her head. "It's not the Prophet's scheme!"
Saying so, she looked at Ye Zhiming. "It's her scheme!
The Prophet gave you a choice. You could choose to help his people, or you could choose not to.
But you chose to help! "
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "He knew that I would meet her?"
Mu Niannian nodded.
Ye Xuan asked again, "What if I don't help?"
Mu Niannian smiled. "If you don't help, you won't get his final gift!"
Ye Xuan frowned. "Final gift?"
Mu Niannian smiled. "You'll know in the future!"
Ye Xuan was speechless. She's keeping me in suspense again!
Right at this moment, Mu Niannian suddenly made a grabbing motion with his right hand. This time, an invisible hand directly grabbed onto Ye Zhiming's throat. Ye Zhiming's expression was calm, but the space around him suddenly trembled as countless mysterious energies spread towards the surroundings!
Mu Niannian smirked. "Dark energy. Interesting!"
Saying so, she waved her left hand and the surrounding dark energy was repelled!
Mu Niannian suddenly looked at Ye Xuan. "Should I kill her?"
Ye Xuan looked at Ye Zhiming. "Why?"
Mu Niannian smiled. "She'll definitely bring you bad things!"
Ye Xuan said, "What will happen if I kill her now?"
Mu Niannian smiled. "Then the bad things will come early!"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "The result will be the same!"
Mu Niannian nodded. "Yes, the moment you met her, you were destined to have a bad ending."
Ye Xuan looked at Ye Zhiming. "She's plotting against me?"
Mu Niannian nodded. "It wasn't a coincidence that you met."
Ye Zhiming suddenly smiled. "Miss Mu, you should've sensed me back in the Dao World!
But you didn't kill me! "
She looked at Ye Xuan. "She helped you suppress the Godly Kingdom of Xumi, but she suffered a backlash!
Because she interfered with the Cause of Misfortune!
If you kill me now, you'll suffer another backlash. I think this backlash will be more severe than suppressing the Godly Kingdom of Xumi! "
Ye Xuan looked at Mu Niannian. Mu Niannian smiled. "It's fine. I'm invincible in the short term!"
Ye Xuan asked, "What about the long term?"
Mu Niannian shrugged, "The future is uncertain!"
Ye Xuan walked to Mu Niannian, shaking his head. "Don't kill her!"
Mu Niannian looked at Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan smiled, "You've bought me half a year, it's enough!
Really!
Let me face the rest by myself! "
Mu Niannian fell silent.
Ye Xuan smiled, "I'm not afraid of the Cause of Misfortune.
It doesn't matter what the consequences of my actions are, as long as I have a clear conscience! "
The corner of Mu Niannian's mouth curved, "A clear conscience?"
Saying so, she let go of Ye Zhiming.
Ye Zhiming returned to normal, and the dark energy around him disappeared.
Mu Niannian looked at Ye Xuan, smiling, "Remember what you said today, have a clear conscience!"
Saying so, she turned and left.
Soon, she disappeared into the horizon.
"Have a clear conscience!"
At this time, Ye Zhiming suddenly said, "These words are easy to say, but it's very difficult to do.
Because people are fickle! "
Ye Xuan looked at Ye Zhiming, "Nian Nian is afraid of you!"
Ye Zhiming shook his head, "You're wrong!
She's not afraid of me, she's afraid that I'll harm you. "
Ye Xuan looked at Ye Zhiming, "Miss Ye, will you harm me?"
Ye Zhiming smiled, not saying anything.
Ye Xuan suddenly smiled, "Miss Ye, didn't you say you'll help me reach Self Release?"
Ye Zhiming walked to Ye Xuan, her finger touching Ye Xuan's forehead. In that instant, the stars in front of Ye Xuan changed, and soon, countless scenes appeared in his mind …
In his mind, powerful experts appeared one after another. These experts were trying to reach Self Release, true Self Release. And at this moment, he could actually feel the thoughts and state of all these experts!
Before, when the Prophet helped him, he only reminded him, but now it was different, he could clearly feel how these people reached Self Release.
Of course, the main reason was because he had already comprehended it. What he lacked was not comprehension, but the process!
But now, he could clearly feel the process of those experts reaching Self Release.
Learning, learning!
Just like this, time passed bit by bit …
And in the starry sky, Ye Zhiming took out an ancient book and read it seriously.
At the end of the starry sky.
Mu Niannian walked slowly, a trace of worry in her eyes.
Ling 'er suddenly said, "You should have killed her!"
Mu Niannian shook her head, "It's already too late!
If I had killed her, things would have become even more serious! "
Ling 'er said solemnly, "If I hadn't killed her, things would have become even more serious!"
Mu Niannian shook her head and sighed, "This fellow is truly a devil!
Her ability to cause trouble is truly unparalleled!
Who can withstand this? "
Ling 'er said, "You shouldn't have interfered in his matters from the beginning!"
Mu Niannian smiled, "It's already too late."
Ling 'er said solemnly, "Let's go!
Leave this place, go far away, and don't come back!
With your strength, as long as you don't interfere in his matters, that Calamity Cause can't do anything to you! "
Mu Niannian smiled lightly, "People must have something to pursue in life, you know what I pursue!"
Ling 'er said angrily, "Living is the most important!"
Mu Niannian shook her head, "Some things are more important than living!"
As she spoke, she had already returned to the Fifth Dimension.
Ling 'er said angrily, "Why are you so stubborn!"
Mu Niannian looked around and said softly, "This world gave birth to me, to me, it is my parents, and this place is also my home.
If even I give up on it, who will take care of it? "
As she spoke, she walked into the distance, "I don't have much time left!
I want to choose someone who can treat this universe well. "
.....





Chapter 1266
In the starry sky, Ye Xuan stood quietly. Not far from him was Ye Zhiming.
Ye Zhiming was still quietly reading her book. She was very serious. From her appearance, she looked like a very, very ordinary little girl.
After an unknown period of time, Ye Xuan, who was not far from Ye Zhiming, suddenly opened his eyes.
Ye Zhiming looked at Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan's body gradually became illusory.
Ye Zhiming looked at Ye Xuan. Soon, Ye Xuan's body became completely illusory. It was as if he didn't exist at all. Around him, the space rippled like water.
This continued for about a quarter of an hour. Suddenly, Ye Xuan took a deep breath and clenched his fists.
Boom!
In an instant, the surrounding starry sky shook violently. A powerful aura spread out like a tidal wave. The entire starry sky trembled.
Solitary Escape!
Ye Xuan's lips curled up. At this moment, he had truly reached Solitary Escape. He didn't need the sword domain.
If he used the sword domain, he found that he would become even stronger!
The amplification of the sword domain was a little terrifying!
As if thinking of something, Ye Xuan turned to Ye Zhiming, "Thank you!"
Ye Zhiming shook his head, "It's just the beginning!"
Ye Xuan frowned, "Just the beginning?"
Ye Zhiming looked at Ye Xuan, "To many, you've already reached the peak!
Because you've already surpassed the so-called 'Dao'.
But to some existences, you've just begun. "
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "Those existences?
For example? "
Ye Zhiming said, "The Dao."
Ye Xuan frowned, "Haven't I already escaped?"
Ye Zhiming chuckled, "You have escaped!
But why did you use the word 'escape'?
To put it simply, we've escaped from the Dao. Why do we have to escape?
Because we can't beat them, so we have to escape! "
Ye Xuan was a little confused.
Ye Zhiming continued, "The Great Dao is formless, but it exists. Escaping to the first realm is nothing more than escaping from the jurisdiction of the Great Dao. To put it bluntly, escaping to the first realm is equivalent to being a fugitive!
The true experts are Dao Breakers! "
Ye Xuan frowned. "Breaking through the Dao?"
Ye Zhiming nodded. "Your next goal is to prove your Dao. Not to escape the Great Dao, but to fuse with it.
After attaining the Dao, it's breaking through the Dao. Breaking through the Grand Dao and standing above the Dao. One isn't bound by the Laws of the Heavens and Earth, and one isn't tainted by Karma or Samsara! "
Ye Xuan asked in a deep voice, "Is it very difficult?"
Ye Zhiming glanced at Ye Xuan, "You asked a useless question!"
Ye Xuan said, "Is there a big difference between Self Release and Dao Breaking?"
Ye Zhiming glanced at Ye Xuan. "What do you think?
One can only escape, but the other can already break through the Dao. Don't you think the difference is big? "
Ye Xuan asked in a deep voice, "Are there any Dao Breakers now?"
Ye Zhiming shook his head. "Not yet!"
Ye Xuan asked, "What about Mu Niannian?"
He had always wanted to know how strong Mu Niannian was, but Mu Niannian had always avoided this question!
Ye Zhiming fell silent.
Ye Xuan looked at Ye Zhiming, waiting for an answer.
A moment later, Ye Zhiming said, "I can't tell you her cultivation, because I'm not sure myself. But what I can tell you is that she's different from others."
She paused, then added, "My guess is that she has the ability to break through the Dao, but she didn't choose to do so!"
Ye Xuan was puzzled. "Why?"
Ye Zhiming said, "Because breaking through the Dao means breaking through some existing rules and order. I think she's the protector of some existing rules and order!
Do you understand what I mean? "
Ye Xuan said, "She's in cahoots with the Great Dao!"
Ye Zhiming nodded. "You can understand it that way!"
Ye Xuan hurriedly said, "What do I have to do to be in cahoots with Great Dao Yi?"
Ye Zhiming glanced at Ye Xuan. "You don't have the right now!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Ye Zhiming continued, "Not everyone wants the Great Dao. You don't have the right now, but you can in the future. Of course, you might be able to break through the Dao by then!"
Ye Xuan said, "Miss Ye, from what you're saying, if I choose to break through the Dao, I'll become an enemy of the Great Dao?"
Ye Zhiming said softly, "From the moment you started cultivating, you were destined to fight against others, against the heavens, against fate, against the Great Dao."
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment. "Can't we live in peace?"
Ye Zhiming glanced at Ye Xuan. "You're silly and naive!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Ye Zhiming continued, "Cultivation is all about one word: Fight!"
Ye Xuan wanted to ask something else, but Ye Zhiming suddenly asked, "Can I ask you a question too?"
Ye Xuan smiled sheepishly. "Go ahead, Miss Ye!"
Ye Zhiming looked at Ye Xuan. "You have a Dao Protector, right?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
He knew that Ye Zhiming was talking about the plain-dressed woman!
Ye Zhiming didn't ask anything else.
Ye Xuan said, "What do you want to ask, Miss Ye?"
Ye Zhiming kept the ancient book in his hand and said softly, "No wonder!
No wonder you're still alive! "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Ye Zhiming said, "Although you have the Cause of Misfortune, you also have great luck, and this luck was forcefully brought to you by your Dao Protector … He's amazing!"
Ye Xuan was about to speak when Ye Zhiming suddenly said, "I'll take you somewhere. Do you want to go?"
Ye Xuan was curious. "Where?"
Ye Zhiming said, "Follow me!"
Saying that, she turned around, but quickly turned back to Ye Xuan. "Either carry me on your back, or let me enter your Xiao Ta!"
Ye Xuan was puzzled. "Why?"
Ye Zhiming shrugged. "I don't have any power!"
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "Miss Ye, don't joke around. When Nian Nian was about to kill you …"
Ye Zhiming shook her head. "I can't control that power. I'm just an ordinary person now!"
Ordinary person!
Ye Xuan's expression was a little strange. What kind of person is she?
Ye Xuan didn't let Ye Zhiming enter his Xiao Ta. He was still a little wary of this woman!
Ye Xuan disappeared into the starry sky with Ye Zhiming. Not long after they disappeared, a dark energy suddenly gathered in the surroundings. Soon, a pitch-black shadow condensed …
At the end of the starry sky, Ye Zhiming turned around and slowly closed her eyes. She whispered in her heart, "Come!
Let's see who's stronger, you guys or that guy … "
...
Not long later, Ye Xuan arrived at a dead space under Ye Zhiming's guidance.
The reason why it was called dead space was because it was filled with a dark aura of death. Moreover, there was no life in the surrounding starry sky. It was dead silent!
Ye Xuan looked around and said softly, "Miss Ye, where are we?"
Ye Zhiming said, "Continue forward!"
Ye Xuan nodded. He looked around and said, "Wait a moment!"
Saying that, he slowly closed his eyes. Soon, the death aura in the starry sky suddenly rushed towards him!
Dead zone!
His body could absorb this kind of death aura!
Ye Zhiming glanced at Ye Xuan but didn't say anything.
It didn't take long for him to absorb all the death aura in the starry sky!
Ye Xuan took a deep breath greedily. Actually, he had another constitution, the Undying Body!
Body.
Of course, as he grew stronger, the Undying Body wasn't really enough!
Undying didn't mean that he couldn't die!
However, the Immortal Body could also be strengthened!
After absorbing all the death aura, Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Miss Ye, let's go!"
With that, he transformed into a ray of sword light and disappeared into the distance.
On the way, Ye Zhiming suddenly said, "You have three domains!"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Ye Zhiming said, "Besides the sword domain, I noticed that you aren't very good at using the other two domains!"
Ye Xuan was delighted. "Please guide me, Miss Ye!"
Ye Zhiming shook her head. "I'm not good at it!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Ye Zhiming continued, "Domain is actually an escape, because forming a domain means that you are independent of Dao!"
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "Miss Ye, you said that you have a second Dao scripture in your hands?"
Ye Zhiming nodded. "Yes!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Aren't you afraid that I'll snatch it?"
Ye Zhiming asked, "Will you?"
Ye Xuan was silent.
Ye Zhiming said, "If you snatch it, you won't be you!"
Ye Xuan shook his head with a smile. "In my opinion, Miss Ye must have something to rely on!
Am I right? "
Ye Zhiming nodded. "You can say so!"
Ye Xuan was about to speak when Ye Zhiming suddenly pointed into the distance. "We're here!"
Ye Xuan raised his head and saw that there was a pitch-black black hole about ten thousand feet in front of him.
Ye Xuan was curious. "Where is that?"
Ye Zhiming said, "The origin of the universe!"
Ye Xuan frowned. "Why did you want me to come here?"
Ye Zhiming said, "To find the remnant pages of the Dao scripture!"
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "There are remnant pages of the Dao scripture here?"
Ye Zhiming nodded. "There might be!
What you have is the complete first volume!
And the second volume is in my hands!
The third volume might be here! "
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Miss Ye, what will happen if you collect all nine volumes of the Dao scripture?"
Ye Zhiming said after a moment of silence, "Basically invincible."
Ye Xuan shook his head with a smile.
Ye Zhiming said, "You don't believe me?"
Ye Xuan said, "Nian Nian once said that the Dao scripture is a path given by others.
Even if no one gives you a path, you can still walk it yourself!
Moreover, I don't think that obtaining the Dao scripture will make you invincible! "
Ye Zhiming said, "Then give me the study room!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Ye Zhiming said, "You reached Solitary Release by relying on the Dao scripture, that is the method of breakthrough mentioned in the Dao scripture.
Without the Dao scripture, you probably wouldn't even know what Solitary Release is.
Indeed, some people can walk their own path, but do you know how difficult it is?
Just like you, if no one taught you, can you reach this level? "
Ye Xuan was silent.
Ye Zhiming said, "Innovation is important, but learning is more important!
And the two don't contradict each other! "
Ye Xuan nodded. "I've learned!"
At this moment, a voice came from the black hole, "You're finally here!"
Ye Xuan's expression froze, after a moment, he looked at Ye Zhiming. "You or me?"
Ye Zhiming said, "You!"
Ye Xuan was puzzled. "Why?"
Ye Zhiming said, "I've been here before, but I can't enter."
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "You brought me here because you think I can enter?"
Ye Zhiming nodded. "Yes!"
Ye Xuan was puzzled. "Why?"
Ye Zhiming said after a moment of silence, "Maybe because you're handsome!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
....





Chapter 1267
Ye Xuan was speechless!
He didn't ask any further questions, and he just gazed at the pitch black hole in the distance.
Without any hesitation, Ye Xuan transformed into a ray of light and entered the black hole.
After entering, the space before Ye Xuan suddenly warped, but it quickly returned to normal. At this moment, he'd appeared in a gorge.
Ye Xuan glanced at the surroundings. Tall mountains towered into the clouds on both sides of the gorge.
Ye Xuan looked ahead, and a black clothed man was floating not too far away from him. The black clothed man was like a shadow, and his face couldn't be seen.
Ye Xuan cupped his fists, "Who are you?"
The black clothed man spoke softly, "The Mad Demon Bloodline!"
Ye Xuan's eyes narrowed slightly. He actually knows about my bloodline!
Ye Zhiming gazed silently at the black clothed man.
Ye Xuan spoke in a low voice, "Senior, you are?"
The black clothed man asked, "Is your surname Yang?"
Yang?
Ye Xuan frowned slightly, "No, my surname is Ye!"
The black clothed man spoke softly, "Ye?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Ye Xuan!"
The black clothed man fell silent for a long time, and then he said, "Do you know a man in green clothes?"
A man in green clothes!
Ye Xuan glanced at the black clothed man and nodded, "I do!"
As he spoke, he took out the Sword Spirit.
The black clothed man was slightly stunned when he saw the sword, and then he spoke softly, "It's you!"
Ye Xuan frowned slightly, "Senior?"
The black clothed man said, "Come with me!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he turned around and left.
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment before he followed the black clothed man.
It didn't take long for the black clothed man to bring Ye Xuan to a lake, and Ye Xuan's expression instantly changed when he arrived before the lake. Because he noticed that the lake was actually emanating an extremely pure strand of spiritual energy!
This spiritual energy was many times purer than the violet energy around him!
Ye Zhiming's eyes also flashed with a hint of surprise, "What pure Spiritual Qi …"
At this moment, the man in black suddenly moved his right hand, and the surface of the lake suddenly parted. Then, a coffin slowly floated out.
The man in black pointed at Ye Xuan, and the coffin slowly floated in front of Ye Xuan. "My mission is complete!"
Ye Xuan was a little confused. "Senior, this?"
The man in black said softly, "It's yours."
Ye Xuan was puzzled. "Senior, aren't you going to explain?"
He gave me a coffin as soon as we met?
Ye Xuan was a little confused!
The man in black said, "Back then, Senior asked me to guard this coffin for fifty thousand years, and today, it has been fifty thousand years!"
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "Did he ask you to hand it over to me?"
The man in black hesitated for a moment before shaking his head. "That's not true!"
Ye Xuan was speechless. "Senior, since he didn't say to give it to me, wouldn't it be too …"
The man in black smiled. "It's fine. You're together anyway!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The man in black did not say anything more. He turned around and left. Ye Xuan hurriedly said, "Senior, senior!"
The man in black looked at Ye Xuan. "Is there anything else?"
Ye Xuan nodded quickly. "Senior, I still feel that something is wrong!"
The man in black asked, "What's wrong?"
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment, then said, "Senior, he didn't say to hand it over to me, so I …"
The man in black said seriously, "You know him, right?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes …"
The man in black said, "I think this is heaven's will!"
Ye Xuan's face was full of black lines. He wanted to curse!
The man in black was about to leave.
Ye Xuan hurriedly said, "Senior, although I know him, he didn't ask me to take over this coffin!"
The man in black said, "You're on the same side!"
Ye Xuan hurriedly shook his head. "No, no. He is him. I am me. Moreover, senior, you promised him. I think this is your responsibility!"
The man in black said, "My mission is completed!"
Ye Xuan turned around and ran!
The man in black was stunned!
Soon, Ye Xuan ran to the end of the horizon.
At this moment, the man in black suddenly appeared in front of Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan stopped.
The man in black said, "How can you run away!"
Ye Xuan blinked. "Senior, I'm a little flustered!"
The man in black said seriously, "You know the man in green!"
Ye Xuan looked at the man in black without saying a word.
The man in black said after a moment of silence, "How about this? Help me keep this item for now. When we meet the man in green in the future, help me return it to him. Is that okay?"
Ye Xuan still did not say a word.
The man in black said, "I won't let you help for free!"
Ye Xuan looked at the man in black, waiting for him to continue!
The man in black thought for a moment, then pointed at Ye Zhiming behind Ye Xuan. "This person is not a good person. If she follows you, she will bring you trouble. Why don't you let me kill her? I will bear the karma for you. What do you think?"
Ye Xuan looked a little strange.
Ye Zhiming looked at the man in black without saying a word.
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "Senior, do you know her background?"
The man in black nodded. "I know Dao Yi a little."
Ye Xuan asked hurriedly, "Where is she from?"
The man in black shook his head. "I can't tell you. If you are willing to continue guarding this coffin for me, I will help you get rid of this person. Moreover, I will bear the karma for her. What do you think?"
Ye Xuan thought for a moment, then said, "How about this, I will continue guarding this coffin for you. You don't have to kill her for me!"
The man in black said, "What do you mean?"
Ye Xuan said, "If I help you guard this coffin, you will owe me a favor. If I need your help in the future, you must help me once. What do you think?"
The man in black fell silent.
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Is it difficult?"
After a moment of silence, the man in black said softly, "Fine, I promise you!"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Alright!"
At this time, the man in black took out the coffin from before and passed it to Ye Xuan, "You must not open it. There is a powerful sword qi inside. If you open it by force, your soul will be destroyed!"
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "The sword qi left by that man in green?"
The man in black nodded, "Yes.
Unless the person in the coffin wakes up, you must not open it. That sword qi is not a joke. "
The man's voice was solemn.
Ye Xuan nodded, "Alright!"
The man in black was about to leave when Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Senior, how can I contact you in the future?"
The man in black hesitated for a moment, then he took out a black token and passed it to Ye Xuan, "Crush this thing and I will be able to sense you!"
Saying so, he glanced at Ye Zhiming behind Ye Xuan, "This girl is not simple. You must be careful when you are with her."
Ye Xuan nodded and was about to speak when the man in black suddenly said, "Farewell!"
With that, the man in black suddenly said, "Farewell!"
Ye Xuan was stunned. The man ran away too fast!
At this time, Ye Zhiming suddenly said, "He can sense the Cause of Misfortune on you. He doesn't want to have too much entanglement with you."
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "How strong is he?"
Ye Zhiming said indifferently, "Very strong."
Ye Xuan asked, "How strong is very strong?"
Ye Zhiming looked at Ye Xuan.
"Must you ask to the end?"
Ye Xuan smiled awkwardly, "I'm just curious!"
Ye Zhiming did not say anything, her eyes fell on the coffin.
Ye Xuan also looked at the coffin. Who is inside?
Ye Xuan looked at Ye Zhiming, "Can you sense it?"
Ye Zhiming shook his head, "I can't!
There is sword qi inside, and it is very strong. "
Ye Xuan looked at the coffin, his heart filled with doubt. Who is inside?
Suddenly, Ye Zhiming said, "Let's go to the bottom of the lake!"
Ye Xuan kept the coffin and looked at the bottom of the lake, "The Dao Scripture is at the bottom of the lake?"
Ye Zhiming shook his head, "Let's go take a look!"
Ye Xuan thought for a moment, then nodded, "Alright!"
As he spoke, he charged towards the bottom of the lake with Ye Zhiming in tow. But right at this moment, a strand of sword energy suddenly shot out from the bottom of the lake, and it arrived before Ye Xuan in the next moment!
Ye Xuan stopped.
Ye Zhiming squinted her eyes, a rare trace of seriousness in her eyes.
Even when Mu Niannian wanted to kill her, she did not look so serious!
Ye Xuan's expression was also incomparably solemn. The sword qi gave him a dangerous feeling, extremely dangerous. Although his physical body was strong, he could not block the sword qi!
But what puzzled him was that the sword qi was not hostile towards him, but towards Ye Zhiming behind him!
At this time, a sword suddenly appeared in front of Ye Xuan.
It was the green-robed man's sword!
The sword spirit trembled slightly, and the sword qi entered its body. Then, the sword spirit's aura surged.
Boom!
A strong sword will shot into the sky, piercing through the clouds and shaking the heavens!
Ye Xuan suddenly understood!
This sword qi must have been left behind by the green-robed man!
Ye Xuan looked at the sword spirit, and the sword spirit trembled slightly before returning to the World Prison Pagoda.
Ye Xuan grinned happily. The sword spirit had just absorbed the green-robed man's sword qi, so it would definitely become stronger.
Ye Zhiming took a deep glance at Ye Xuan, "Can you tell me exactly how many Dao Protectors you have?"
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment and said, "Not many, just five or six!"
Ye Zhiming's eyelids twitched, "Are you joking?"
Ye Xuan smiled, "What do you think?"
As he spoke, he led Ye Zhiming downwards.
On Ye Xuan's back, Ye Zhiming gazed at Ye Xuan, and no one knew what she was thinking.
It didn't take long for Ye Xuan and Ye Zhiming to arrive at the bottom of the lake. He glanced at the surroundings, but there was nothing around, not even a single fish. However, the spirit energy here was extremely abundant.
Ye Zhiming glanced at the surroundings, and after a moment of silence, she placed her fingers between her brows and said softly, "Open!"
As soon as she finished speaking ….
Bang!
The lake water in front of her and Ye Xuan suddenly parted. It wasn't just the lake water, even the space in front of them was parted. Soon, an endless Xiao Dao of gravel appeared before them.
Ye Xuan looked at Ye Zhiming, who said softly, "Let's go!"
Ye Xuan asked in a low voice, "Is it dangerous?"
Ye Zhiming shook her head, "I don't know."
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Ye Zhiming looked at Ye Xuan, "The third Dao Scripture. Aren't you tempted?"
Ye Xuan looked at the Xiao Dao of gravel, which extended into the distance without an end.
At this moment, a sword suddenly vibrated.
Ye Xuan was stunned.
It was the sword at the top of the pagoda!
It wasn't the green-robed man's sword, but the sword of the cloud-white Swordsman …
...
PS: Congratulations to the readers of Ah Jiu for their wedding today. May you live happily ever after!





Chapter 1268
Ye Xuan gazed at the Xiao Dao. Why is the sword reacting?
Could it be that the formidable Swordsman has been here?
This time, Ye Xuan didn't hesitate any longer, and he stepped foot onto the Xiao Dao. As soon as he did, the space around him suddenly became illusory.
Meanwhile, Ye Zhiming suddenly said, "Watch out."
Ye Xuan nodded, and then he walked forward slowly. Suddenly, numerous afterimages appeared in the illusory space around him.
Ye Xuan frowned slightly, and he was extremely puzzled. Suddenly, the afterimages moved!
The afterimages didn't attack Ye Xuan, and they just moved slowly and rhythmically as if they were demonstrating something.
Suddenly, Ye Zhiming said, "Stop."
Ye Xuan stopped. Ye Zhiming glanced at the surroundings and said softly, "An inheritance!"
Ye Xuan frowned slightly, "An inheritance?"
Ye Zhiming nodded, "Calm yourself and watch carefully."
Ye Xuan nodded, and then he closed his eyes slowly. It didn't take long for the afterimages to appear in his mind.
In the beginning, Ye Xuan was completely stunned because he didn't know what the afterimages were demonstrating.
A solemn expression gradually appeared in Ye Zhiming's eyes as he gazed at the afterimages.
Ye Xuan was about to speak when Ye Zhiming said, "It's an extremely profound martial technique!"
A profound martial technique!
Ye Xuan blinked, and then he said, "Let me take another look!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he closed his eyes once more. At the same time, his Sword Domain appeared around him, and he was able to see every single move of the afterimages clearly.
It didn't take long for Ye Xuan's expression to become solemn as well. Because he'd noticed how extraordinary these moves were. Every single one of them seemed to contain a Law of the Grand Dao, and they were ever-changing and boundless.
Ye Xuan walked slowly into the distance. Around him, more and more afterimages appeared. The speed of these afterimages grew faster and faster …
Gradually, Ye Xuan became obsessed.
Ye Zhiming was also looking around, but her expression was calm. No one knew what she was thinking.
Ye Xuan's footsteps were slow at first, but soon, he sped up!
This was because he had already memorized the moves of the afterimages around him. However, it was very messy, and he needed to keep looking at the following demonstrations!
Ye Xuan was getting faster and faster, and so were the illusions around him.
About two hours later, Ye Xuan stopped because the afterimages around him had disappeared!
And in front of him, there was no path.
There was no way out!
Ye Xuan stood rooted to the ground, a little confused.
Ye Zhiming looked at Ye Xuan silently.
Ye Xuan was silent.
At this moment, he subconsciously recalled what Mu Niannian had said!
If there's no path, then I'll carve out a path myself!
The afterimages around him had yet to finish their demonstration!
In the same place, Ye Xuan was silent for a moment. Then, he suddenly sat down cross-legged and began to recall the moves of the afterimages.
About two hours later, Ye Xuan stood up and began to imitate the afterimages.
Beside him, Ye Zhiming looked at Ye Xuan silently. She did not say anything, nor did she help Ye Xuan.
She stood up. She had already seen through the moves of the afterimages!
She was waiting, waiting for Ye Xuan to look for her.
There was a fundamental difference between Ye Xuan looking for her and her taking the initiative to enlighten him!
However, to her surprise, Ye Xuan did not ask for her help!
However, she was not in a hurry.
Gradually, Ye Xuan, who was a distance away, began to feel frustrated.
Suddenly, he felt a little annoyed because when he was demonstrating those martial arts, he always did not look real. His performance was messy and there was not the slightest bit of order!
When he realized that his mind was in a mess, Ye Xuan immediately stopped. He sat down cross-legged and began to meditate.
At that moment, he recited the Buddhist scripture taught to him by the ancient temple's abbot …
Beside him, Ye Zhiming had a strange expression.
About an hour later, Ye Xuan continued to demonstrate those martial arts. However, it was different this time, because he took out his sword!
He did not know much about martial arts, and could be considered a layman. However, he knew a lot about swordsmanship!
Thus, he chose what he was good at!
Of course, he only wanted to give it a try. However, when he used his sword to imitate the first afterimage, he was stunned!
Because he could, and it was smooth!
Ye Xuan was overjoyed. He continued to demonstrate …
Soon, on the gravel Xiao Dao, Ye Xuan's every move seemed to come to life!
Not far away, Ye Zhiming's eyes were filled with disbelief. "How is this possible … It actually changed!"
At that moment, what Ye Xuan was demonstrating was completely different from what she had seen and understood. The martial arts that Ye Xuan was demonstrating now, no, it was no longer a martial art, but a swordsmanship!
As if thinking of something, Ye Zhiming suddenly raised her head and looked into the distance. She slowly clenched her fists. "This guy …"
Not far away, Ye Xuan's speed was getting faster and faster. Gradually, afterimages of swords appeared around him. At the same time, the Sword Will aura around Ye Xuan's body was also increasing rapidly!
His swordsmanship aura had already far surpassed the Unrestrained Sword!
Not only that, but a small gravel path suddenly appeared in front of Ye Xuan …
The path appeared again!
Ye Xuan walked toward the gravel path. Afterimages appeared on both sides of him, but these afterimages did not demonstrate on their own. Instead, they were imitating him.
Ye Zhiming slowly followed behind Ye Xuan.
Just like that, the two of them walked for about an hour before Ye Xuan stopped once more. This time, the afterimages around him had already disappeared, but he did not stop. He was still practicing his moves.
At this moment, he was no longer thinking about the martial arts that those afterimages had shown him, but all the martial arts that he had learned in the past!
This included the Sword of Life and Death taught by the plain-dressed woman and the Sword Drawing Technique taught by the green-robed man.
But when he was demonstrating the sword arts that he had learned in the past, the afterimages disappeared for some reason.
Behind Ye Xuan, Ye Zhiming stared at him.
The sword arts that Ye Xuan had demonstrated, especially the Sword of Life and Death and Ultimate Heaven Slashing Sword Drawing Technique, were not purely sword arts. They were sword arts that embodied the concept of swordsmanship!
In the past, Ye Xuan had only learned the form, but not the essence. But now, Ye Xuan was not just learning the form, but the essence.
Suddenly, Ye Zhiming turned around and saw a middle-aged man standing beside her.
The middle-aged man wore a purple robe. His long hair draped over his shoulders and his face was covered with stubble.
Ye Zhiming retracted her gaze. "He's not the owner of this place!"
The middle-aged man looked at Ye Xuan from afar with a complicated look in his eyes. "I see!
I see … "
As he spoke, his body gradually turned illusory.
He had been here before, but he had stopped here.
He was unwilling to give up, so he decided to stay here. But now that he saw Ye Xuan, he suddenly understood.
Ye Zhiming did not speak. She knew that the man beside her was no ordinary person in the past!
But that was no longer important!
There were some hurdles that could not be overcome, and everything else would turn into fleeting clouds.
On the road to martial arts, it was unknown how many amazing super experts had died. The only difference was that some people had been remembered!
But most of them did not even have a name left behind.
Right at this moment, Ye Xuan, who was nearby, suddenly stopped. At the instant he stopped, countless afterimages suddenly surged towards him from all directions. All of these afterimages held swords in their hands, and then they rapidly demonstrated their swordsmanship. Every afterimage demonstrated a different swordsmanship!
One Sword Transformation!
Ye Xuan opened his eyes and looked at the Executing Heaven Sword in his hand. The Executing Heaven Sword trembled slightly and let out a sword cry.
Ye Xuan smiled, "Sword Transformation!"
What realm was above the Unrestrained Sword Heart?
Ye Xuan did not know!
Because Mu Niannian had never told him!
But for him, he had already found a path.
To him, above the Unrestrained Sword Heart was Sword Transformation!
My sword can transform into tens of thousands of things!
And this transformation was not just a transformation, it was a variable!
At this moment, he had found his own path on the path of swordsmanship, a path that was different from others.
No matter what realm was above the Unrestrained Sword Heart, Ye Xuan's realm was Sword Transformation.
And it was also at this moment that his path of swordsmanship changed. In the past, he would only follow, always learn, always imitate, always walk the path of others.
But now, he had walked a new path!
Every step he took was a new innovation!
Because there was no one to teach him!
At this moment, Ye Zhiming suddenly said, "With his current realm, he is invincible within the Unrestrained Sword Heart!"
Ye Xuan looked at Ye Zhiming, the corners of his mouth lifting, "What about above Unrestrained Sword Heart?"
Ye Zhiming looked at Ye Xuan, "Above Unrestrained Sword Heart, few can match me."
In truth, Ye Zhiming was feeling a little complicated.
Before, Ye Xuan could only be considered not bad. But now, Ye Xuan was not only not bad, but terrifying!
Because before, Ye Xuan was walking the path of others, but now, Ye Xuan had walked his own path. There was a fundamental difference.
How many people in this world could walk their own path?
Very, very few!
At present, in the entire Fifth Dimension and Sixth Dimension, as well as the Dao World, only two people had done it!
The first was Mu Niannian, and the second was Ye Xuan!
How terrifying was Mu Niannian?
Even Ye Zhiming was afraid of that woman.
If it weren't for that woman having too many restraints, she would not have dared to follow Ye Xuan. That woman was so strong that even the place she lived in feared her.
There was definitely a gap between Ye Xuan and Mu Niannian.
In the past, this gap was like a chasm, but now, this gap had shrunk.
In the future, a new swordsmanship path would appear.
Sword Transformation!
In the future, countless people would walk this path that Ye Xuan had walked. However, Ye Xuan was the pioneer of this path. He was unique.
Just like now, those experts who studied the Dao Canon were not that terrifying. But what was truly terrifying?
It was the master of the Dao Canon!
He was the first person to open up this path!
Just like the first person to break the Dao …
Everyone follows the Great Dao, but I want to break it!
Follow it, break it.
These were two completely different paths!
At this moment, at the end of the distant Xiao Dao, a black stone door suddenly appeared. The stone door slowly opened. Inside, there was a white light, and nothing could be seen.
.....





Chapter 1269
Ye Xuan and Ye Zhiming looked at the door. Ye Xuan asked softly, "Is he asking us to enter?"
Ye Zhiming nodded.
Ye Xuan smiled, "Then let's go in!"
Saying so, he walked into the distance.
Ye Zhiming glanced at Ye Xuan, then followed.
Soon, Ye Xuan and Ye Zhiming entered the door.
Behind the door, there was another world.
After the two of them entered the door, they arrived at a small island. Surrounding the island was an endless sea.
Not far in front of them sat a white-robed old man. In front of the white-robed old man was a chessboard.
Seeing Ye Xuan and Ye Zhiming, the old man smiled, "Congratulations."
Ye Xuan bowed slightly, "What do you mean by congratulations, Senior?"
The old man smiled, "He has walked his own path!"
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "That stone Xiao Dao was created by Senior?"
The white-clothed old man nodded. "Originally, I wanted to find a successor for myself. Unfortunately, after waiting for tens of thousands of years, I still haven't found one. However, after much difficulty, a decent one has finally come, but he's walked his own path …"
Saying so, he shook his head and smiled, "The heavens are playing with me!"
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment, then said, "I can also be Senior's successor!"
The old man smiled, "You can't!
Because he already has his own path. From a certain perspective, we are on the same path. "
Ye Xuan fell silent.
The old man suddenly looked at Ye Zhiming beside Ye Xuan, "This girl is not bad. Unfortunately, she is not from our world, and her background is not simple either …"
Ye Zhiming glanced at the old man, not saying anything.
Ye Xuan said, "Does Senior know where she is from?"
The old man smiled, "You don't know?"
Ye Xuan shook his head, "She won't tell me!"
The old man smiled, "Then I won't poke my nose into other people's business!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The old man in white said softly, "Sit, let's have a chat!"
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment before walking over to the white-clothed old man and sitting down.
The old man in white raised his head to look at the horizon and said softly, "You're here for that scripture, right?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
The old man in white smiled, and then he took out a black scroll and placed it on the chessboard!
Ye Zhiming narrowed his eyes at the sight of the black scroll.
Ye Xuan glanced at the black scroll. "This is the Dao Scripture?"
The white-robed elder nodded. "The Dao Scripture has a total of nine pages. Each page is a volume. This is the third volume: Variables."
Ye Xuan looked at the white-robed elder. "A variable?"
The white-robed old man nodded. "The life and death of all things in the world are created and destroyed by variables.
Therefore, not only do all things experience birth, aging, sickness, and death, the mountains and rivers of the world also experience their rise and fall, rise and fall.
A person's heart experiences the changes of joy, anger, worry, longing, sorrow, fear, and shock. The natural order of time is like spring, summer, autumn, winter, or cold, warm, cold, and hot.
In other words, everything in time is not eternal, it changes from time to time. The past is gone, the future is not gone, and the present is already changing. All these changes, life and death, are caused by variables. "
As he spoke, he looked at Ye Xuan and smiled. "To put it simply, nothing in the universe is static. Since it is moving, it is a variable."
And because of this variable, everything in the world becomes meaningful. "
Ye Xuan was silent.
Ye Zhiming suddenly said, "Can the Dao of Variables be controlled by humans?"
The white-robed elder glanced at Ye Zhiming and smiled. "Yes!
As the saying goes, man can conquer the heavens. Although this saying is not absolute, it is not impossible. "
Ye Zhiming was silent.
The white-robed elder looked at Ye Xuan. "The Dao of the Sword has changed, becoming a new Dao of the Sword. However, you must understand that it is not only the Dao of the Sword that can change. Life is impermanent, and everything in the world has variables!
And all these years, I have comprehended one thing, and that is, life is impermanent. Although we cannot change the world, we can change ourselves, and after changing ourselves, we can change the world.
If we do not change ourselves, the world will change us.
And this variable, it can change life for the worse, or it can change life for the better. This does not depend on the variable, but on ourselves.
Those who work hard will not have a bad life. "
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "Senior, you should be able to see the Cause of Misfortune on me, right?"
The white-robed elder nodded. "Yes."
Ye Xuan looked at the white-robed elder. The white-robed elder smiled. "Actually, you are constantly changing yourself."
Hearing this, Ye Xuan was slightly stunned. Soon, he bowed. "I understand!"
The Cause of Misfortune!
In the past, he did not know what the Cause of Misfortune was. He could only be controlled, manipulated.
But now, he could change!
Just like now, although he met Ye Zhiming because of the Cause of Misfortune, he came to this place because of Ye Zhiming, broke through his Dao of the Sword, and became stronger!
Just like what the Dao Scripture said, there are no absolutes in the world. Many times, even a bad thing can be turned into a good thing!
It all depends on how you choose!
On the contrary, many times, a good thing can also be turned into a bad thing!
This is the variable!
The variable is not Tendo, but oneself.
Variable is a universal truth, but also a human truth. Moreover, it can be controlled by humans.
In front of Ye Xuan, the white-robed elder had a complicated look in his eyes. "Junior, you are more outstanding than I was in the past!"
Ye Xuan hurriedly said, "Senior, you are overpraising me!"
The white-clothed old man said with a smile, "You are indeed more outstanding than me. Back then, I was too obsessed with this Dao Scripture. In fact, this Dao Scripture is a path that others have walked. However, even if there is no path, we can still walk our own path!
Just like that! "
Ye Xuan solemnly said, "Senior, someone has said this to me before!"
The white-robed elder's eyes flashed with a trace of surprise, "Someone from the outside?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
The white-robed elder smiled, "It seems that there are many experts in this world!"
Saying so, he pointed at the position in front of Ye Xuan, "Once, a Swordsman came here."
Ye Xuan solemnly said, "Was it a Swordsman wearing a cloud white robe?"
The white-robed elder's eyes flashed with a trace of surprise, "How do you know?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "I have his sword, which is why I came here. This sword's sword hum, I'm guessing that its previous owner came here!"
The white-robed elder smiled, "So that's how it is!
After seeing this person, I suddenly understood a saying. When we think that this peak is the highest, little do we know that there is an even higher peak. "
Ye Xuan solemnly said, "Senior, have you fought with him?"
The white-robed elder nodded, "Yes."
Ye Xuan asked, "Who won and who lost?"
The white-robed elder smiled, "I lost!
I
Couldn't even take a single strike from him! "
Hearing this, Ye Xuan's expression changed.
Ye Zhiming also frowned. The white-robed elder's strength should have reached that level, but he couldn't even take a single strike from him!
Ye Xuan solemnly said, "Not even a single strike?"
The white-robed elder nodded, "Yes."
Ye Xuan asked, "Why?"
The white-robed elder smiled, "This goes back to the most basic principle, a principle that we all overlook."
Ye Xuan asked, "What is it?"
The white-robed elder looked at Ye Xuan, "The extreme!"
Ye Xuan was a little puzzled, "The extreme?"
The white-robed elder said softly, "When we do something, even if it's a very, very small thing, if we can do it to the extreme, then it's extremely terrifying.
That Swordsman doesn't cultivate the heart, doesn't cultivate the Grand Dao, and doesn't cultivate the realm. He only cultivates the sword.
He doesn't cultivate the heart, so he's neither good nor evil; he doesn't cultivate the sword because the sword is the reason, and the reason is the sword; he doesn't cultivate the Grand Dao because the sword is the Grand Dao, and the Grand Dao is his sword; he doesn't cultivate the realm, so he doesn't have a realm, so he's not bound by it. "
As he spoke, he picked up a chess piece from the chessboard and placed it outside the chessboard, "He's not on the chessboard, so he's his own variable.
Such a person is invincible to all living beings on the chessboard, because he's outside the chessboard and isn't bound by the rules of the Dao of Chess.
As for me, I'm still on the chessboard, so he only needs a single strike to kill me. "
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "Am I on the chessboard as well?"
Ye Zhiming glanced at Ye Xuan and hesitated for a moment before she said, "Don't you know what's going on?"
Ye Xuan, "…"
The white-robed elder smiled, "He's still on the chessboard. However, he's already familiar with the rules of the chessboard, so very few people on the chessboard are a match for him.
However, he's not invincible, understand? "
Ye Xuan nodded, "I understand!"
The white-robed elder hesitated for a moment before he said, "There's one more thing that I have to say. It's not about the Martial Dao, nor is it about the Dao Scriptures. It's just some of my insights. Are you willing to listen?"
Even an idiot would know how to choose!
Ye Xuan hurriedly said, "Please speak, senior!"
The white-robed elder held a chess piece in his hand and said softly, "I once gave up too much to pursue the so-called Grand Dao.
Love, kinship, friendship … I once had all of these, but later on, I gave them up for the so-called Grand Dao in my heart. "
As he spoke, he looked at Ye Xuan and Ye Zhiming. "Young man, mysterious girl, the pursuit of the Great Dao is lonely, extremely lonely. Do not abandon those you care about and those you care about for the so-called Great Dao in your heart.
When one day, you reach a certain peak, only to find that there's no one beside you, that feeling is truly unbearable, because there's no one to share the joy with, and no one to accompany you on the road to the future.
At that time, to be invincible is a kind of irony, because it's invincible loneliness … "
Ye Xuan fell silent.
Ye Zhiming fell silent.
Somewhere in the distant starry sky, a woman in a plain dress suddenly stopped in her tracks. She took out a small wooden figure and looked at it in her hand. Her lips curled up slightly before she continued forward.
Once, she was invincible, but she was lonely!
Now, she was still invincible, but she was no longer lonely.
.....
PS: Once, I had a lot of monthly tickets, but I was lonely.
Now, I don't have any more.
I'm even more lonely!





Chapter 1270
Ye Xuan and Ye Zhiming fell silent before the chessboard.
Actually, Ye Xuan was deeply moved by the old man's words.
He hadn't reached the peak, but he knew how it felt!
Back in Azure City, he'd thought about what would happen if he didn't have a younger sister.
If he didn't have a younger sister, then Ye Xuan wouldn't be happy even if he became the best in Jiang!
But if he had a younger sister, then Ye Xuan would be happy because she would definitely be happy, and he would be able to give her a better life.
He didn't learn the sword for immortality, nor did he want to be invincible.
He just wanted everyone around him to be well!
It was a responsibility, but it was also a form of happiness for him!
Because his younger sister and the people he cared about were still around!
Ye Zhiming glanced at the old man and didn't speak. However, she would glance at the scripture on the chessboard from time to time.
The white-robed elder looked at Ye Zhiming. He pointed at the scripture and smiled, "Little girl, do you care about this scripture?"
Ye Zhiming nodded honestly. "Yes!"
The old man smiled. "I can't give it to you!"
Ye Zhiming looked at the old man. The old man chuckled. "Because you care too much about it. Too much will cause you to be obsessed with it."
With that, he looked at Ye Xuan. "This little brother's mentality isn't bad. Since you met me, you've only glanced at the scripture at the beginning, but you haven't looked at it since then. That's enough to prove that you don't have any obsession with the scripture!
So, I'll give it to you! "
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment before he asked, "Why?"
The old man said softly, "Because you're able to treat this scripture calmly. I can rest assured that it's in your hands.
In the hands of a kind-hearted person, it's a good thing. But if it falls into the hands of an evil person, then it will bring about a destructive disaster to the world.
That's a variable. Whether it's good or evil depends on the person who possesses it! "
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "Then why don't you keep it for yourself?"
The old man smiled in silence.
Ye Zhiming suddenly said, "He's already dead!"
Dead!
Ye Xuan was stunned!
He carefully sized up the white-robed old man, but in his eyes, this white-robed old man was a living person!
Ye Zhiming glanced at the white-robed old man and said, "He isn't a soul, nor is he a projection. He is indeed his main body, but he only has one breath left. After saying so much to us, he's about to die!"
The white-robed elder glanced at Ye Zhiming and smiled. "As expected of someone from that place!"
As he spoke, he looked at Ye Xuan and said, "Little friend, has anyone ever told you that she will bring you bad things if she stays by your side?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes!"
The white-robed old man said softly, "Then why did you let her follow us?"
Ye Xuan thought for a moment, and then he said, "This bad thing might become good!"
As he spoke, he glanced at Ye Zhiming and said, "Miss Ye, who knows, we might become good friends. What do you think?"
Ye Zhiming said indifferently, "Mu Niannian is right, the black-robed man is right, and this old man is right too."
Ye Xuan's face darkened. "You're saying that it's a mistake for me to let you follow us?"
Ye Zhiming nodded. "Yes!"
Ye Xuan was puzzled. "Why?"
Ye Zhiming fell silent.
At this moment, the white-robed elder suddenly said, "This lady is not an ordinary person!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "I know!"
The old man in white said with a smile, "No matter what, since we are able to meet here, it is also a kind of fate!
Little friend, I have a presumptuous request! "
Ye Xuan hurriedly said, "Please speak, Senior. I will do my best to help you!"
Bai
The white-robed elder smiled, and then he took out a spatial ring and passed it to Ye Xuan, "This contains everything I've learned in my lifetime. I hope you can help me find a successor."
Ye Xuan took the spatial ring, and then he hesitated for a moment before he asked, "Can I give it to my friend?"
The corners of Ye Zhiming's mouth twitched, but he didn't say anything.
The white-robed elder roared with laughter. "You're very frank!
But do you think your friend is suitable? "
Ye Xuan spoke solemnly, "If she were here, Senior would definitely be overjoyed!"
He was naturally talking about An Lanxiu. He believed that the old man would definitely be overjoyed if he saw An Lanxiu.
In terms of the Martial Dao, there was no one more suitable than An Lanxiu!
The white-robed elder roared with laughter. "Alright, I believe in you."
As soon as he finished speaking, his body gradually turned illusory.
Meanwhile, Ye Zhiming suddenly said, "Do you know where the other scriptures are?"
Ye Xuan was slightly displeased when he heard this because Ye Zhiming's tone was slightly interrogative.
As if noticing Ye Xuan's displeasure, Ye Zhiming glanced at him expressionlessly. "He's your senior, but not mine. Logically speaking, he should be calling me senior!"
The corners of Ye Xuan's mouth twitched. "Miss Ye, you …"
The white-robed elder suddenly smiled. "She's actually not wrong."
Ye Xuan, "…"
The white-robed elder looked at Ye Zhiming. "I only know of the first four scriptures. They're 'Escape', 'Karma', 'Variables', and 'Destiny'.
As for where they are, two of them should be in the hands of the two of you, right? "
Ye Xuan nodded. "I have one, and mine should be 'Escape'. Miss Ye also has one, and it should be 'Karma'."
Ye Zhiming looked at the white-robed elder. "Do you know where 'Destiny' is?"
The white-robed elder shook his head. "I've looked for it before, but I couldn't find it."
Ye Zhiming fell silent. In truth, she knew where the scripture was, but she wanted to confirm it.
The white-robed elder suddenly said, "Rumor has it that this scripture has a total of nine scrolls. I really want to see the remaining ones … Unfortunately, I don't have the fortune to do so!"
As he spoke, he disappeared like a wisp of smoke.
He came completely naked, and left in a wisp of smoke.
Ye Xuan stood up and bowed respectfully to the white-robed elder.
Ye Zhiming's expression was calm. No one knew what he was thinking.
Ye Xuan looked around. There was nothing around. This senior had left nothing behind. He had left in a carefree manner without any reluctance. Perhaps, he had been prepared for this.
At this moment, Ye Zhiming suddenly looked at Ye Xuan. "Can you let me take a look at that scripture?"
Ye Xuan flicked his finger and the scripture landed in front of Ye Zhiming.
Ye Zhiming looked at Ye Xuan with a frown. "You're going to be so straightforward?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "It won't hurt if I just take a look!"
Ye Zhiming looked at Ye Xuan without saying a word.
Ye Xuan smiled. "Don't worry, Miss Ye. I don't have any ulterior motives. Also, forgive me for being blunt, but you don't have any ulterior motives for me right now, do you?"
Ye Zhiming took the scripture. She did not look at it immediately. Instead, she placed her fingers on her forehead and closed her eyes. A moment later, she pointed at the scripture. "Appear!"
Boom!
In an instant, a powerful aura suddenly swept out from the scripture. Then, a white light shot up into the sky from the scripture!
Seeing this, Ye Xuan was stunned. What the hell is this?
In the sky, an illusory figure suddenly appeared in the white light. Soon, the illusory figure began to practice.
Ye Xuan looked at Ye Zhiming.
Ye Zhiming was stunned. "Miss Ye, this …"
Ye Zhiming was expressionless. "Every scripture contains an ultimate martial art, which is the scripture martial art. This type of martial art can be said to be the highest known martial art in the entire universe.
However, basically no one knows about this, not even that old man. "
Ye Xuan subconsciously asked, "Then how do you know?"
Ye Zhiming glanced at Ye Xuan. "That's my business!"
Ye Xuan fell silent. This woman is so mysterious!
Ye Zhiming looked at the sky with a complicated look in her eyes. "Rumor has it that if someone can learn all nine scripture martial arts …"
Ye Xuan asked. "What will happen?"
Ye Zhiming looked at Ye Xuan. "Until now, I have never met anyone who has learned any scripture martial arts. Not even the Prophet."
Saying so, she looked at the sky. "This martial art is called Seeking Death.
You can learn it! "
Ye Xuan blinked. "Seeking death?"
Ye Zhiming glanced at Ye Xuan. "Is there a problem?"
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice. "What does Seeking Death mean?"
Ye Zhiming said indifferently. "It means that once you learn this move, it will be hard for you to die even if you want to!"
Ye Xuan looked up into the sky. He hesitated for a moment, and then he closed his eyes slowly. At this moment, that image suddenly appeared in his mind. Ye Xuan's expression gradually became solemn, and it grew more and more solemn.
Seeking death!
A sentence suddenly appeared in Ye Xuan's mind.
"Everyone seeks Dao, but I seek death. I beg the Earth to kill me. I beg the Heavens to kill me. I beg the Heavens to kill me. I beg the Heavenly Dao to kill me …"
Ye Zhiming did not disturb Ye Xuan. She flipped open the scripture and read it slowly.
Variable!
What is variable?
The white-haired old man had said it before.
However, the scripture had a more detailed description.
Moreover, she could see more things.
Ye Xuan had shown her the scripture, and this martial art was her way of repaying Ye Xuan.
Because as of now, there were probably only two people in the world who knew that this scripture contained an ultimate martial art.
One was the owner of the scripture, and the other was her!
After reading for a long time, Ye Zhiming closed the scripture. There was not much content, but to certain experts, this bit of content was enough to change their lives.
Ye Zhiming seemed to have thought of something. She suddenly looked at Ye Xuan not far away. Looking at Ye Xuan, there was a trace of doubt in her eyes.
In fact, even Mu Niannian could not see as far as she could. Not only could she see the Cause of Misfortune on Ye Xuan, but she could also see many more things.
For example, Ye Xuan's fate!
Ye Xuan's fate was the most complicated she had ever seen. In her opinion, a person like him should have died long ago!
However, not only did he not die, he was still alive and well.
What a freak!
Ye Zhiming shook her head. She did not want to get involved in Ye Xuan's affairs, because even she had a bad feeling about it!
It was best for her not to interfere now. If she did, it would be extremely disadvantageous to her.
There was no need for her to interfere either. Right now, she and Ye Xuan were just using each other!
At this moment, Ye Xuan, who was not far away, suddenly opened his eyes. He slowly raised his hands, and then clenched them tightly. In an instant, the entire world became illusory at this moment …
Ye Zhiming looked at Ye Xuan with a nervous expression. "You can't control that power completely right now, so don't mess around!"
Ye Xuan said with a trembling voice, "I can't help it!"
Ye Zhiming said angrily, "You fool, let me into the pagoda!"
Ye Xuan: "…"
....





Chapter 1271
Ye Xuan knew the severity of the situation, so he hurriedly let Ye Zhiming into the Prison Pagoda.
After Ye Zhiming entered the pagoda, Ye Xuan took a deep breath. There were two rays of golden light on his arms. That was the Buddha's Aura, and under the Buddha's Aura, there were also two blood-red rays.
Seeking death!
Why seeking death?
It was a belief.
At this moment, he suddenly felt the domineering aura of the creator of this technique, or rather, helplessness!
Seeking death in a fight!
Fight!
Ye Xuan raised his head, and two balls of flames suddenly burned in his eyes.
The Buddhist light in his arms was gradually disappearing. Not only that, but his entire body was also starting to crack!
The power was too strong!
And he couldn't suppress it!
He hadn't expected this. He had only given it a try, but he hadn't expected it to be this strong!
He had to release it!
Ye Xuan suddenly roared angrily. He crossed his arms and thrust them forward.
Boom!
In the blink of an eye, a wave of flame energy swept out from his arms, and the surroundings turned into nothingness …
The entire Origin Ground had disappeared!
No, it had been forcibly erased!
He was completely erased and disappeared from this world forever.
Within the pitch-black spatial hole, Ye Xuan looked around in confusion.
He had forcibly erased a small world!
There was no surprise, only confusion!
This power was a little abnormal!
At this moment, Ye Zhiming suddenly appeared beside him. He looked around and said, "It can be stronger!"
Ye Xuan looked at Ye Zhiming, but Ye Zhiming remained expressionless, "Under normal circumstances, it should be possible to directly erase the entire Dao World!"
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "Isn't that too exaggerated?"
Ye Zhiming looked at Ye Xuan, "Exaggerated?
It's even more exaggerated than that.
However, you should try not to use this martial technique. "
Ye Xuan was puzzled, "Why?"
Ye Zhiming said indifferently, "Look at your body!"
Ye Xuan hurriedly looked down at his body, and he was stunned when he saw it.
His body was already in pieces!
If it wasn't for the Buddhist light, his body would have been gone!
Even the Vajra Buddha Body could not withstand this power!
Ye Zhiming said softly, "For now, this Dao scripture martial art is the highest martial art in this universe."
As she spoke, she paused for a moment before she continued, "Those two sword techniques you executed earlier were very strong as well, and their cultivation was even higher. Their might is completely dependent on your own cultivation in the Sword Dao!"
Ye Xuan knew that Ye Zhiming was referring to the Life-and-Death Strike and the Sword-Drawing Technique.
After making a breakthrough in the Sword Principle realm, he did have a new understanding of these two sword skills!
Ye Zhiming continued, "This Daoist scripture martial art is extremely destructive. Every time you use it, it will result in some negative karma. For example, when you erased the source of this place, it's extremely harmful to the universe."
As she spoke, she looked at Ye Xuan. "If it were used outside, this attack would be enough to destroy tens of millions of lives."
Ye Xuan was silent.
Ye Zhiming added, "No matter when, it's never wrong to treat this universe kindly."
Ye Xuan nodded, "I understand!"
Ye Zhiming suddenly returned the Dao scripture to Ye Xuan. "I've finished reading it!"
Ye Xuan took the Dao scripture and asked, "Did you gain any enlightenment?"
Ye Zhiming said softly, "This scripture contains the Dao of the universe. As that old man said, if it falls into the hands of the wicked, it will be a disaster."
Ye Xuan smiled. "Did Miss Ye gain any enlightenment from it?"
Ye Zhiming shook her head. "Some, but it's not that helpful to me."
Ye Xuan was confused. "Why?"
Ye Zhiming did not speak.
But Ye Xuan understood.
Why was it not that helpful?
Because he was strong!
Just like this Dao scripture would not be of much help to Mu Niannian, because Mu Niannian was strong enough!
Ye Xuan blushed with shame. Why was it that every woman he met was more perverted than the next?
Ye Zhiming said softly, "I want to find the 'Destiny' scroll."
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "The fourth scroll?"
Ye Zhiming nodded. "That scroll should have what I want!"
Ye Xuan asked, "Do you know where it is?"
Ye Zhiming hesitated, then shook his head. "I don't know!
However, I know that it will definitely appear soon! "
Ye Xuan was confused. "Why?"
Ye Zhiming said calmly, "Why are you asking so many questions?"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Ye Zhiming continued, "Anyway, that's what I predicted."
Ye Xuan was a little curious. "You can tell fortunes?"
Ye Zhiming nodded. "A little!"
Ye Xuan hurriedly pointed at himself. "Tell me how my fortune is!"
Ye Zhiming glanced at Ye Xuan. "I'm not qualified to read your fortune!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Ye Zhiming glanced at the surroundings and said, "There was too much commotion here just now. It might have alarmed many people. Let's go!"
Ye Xuan nodded, and then he vanished with Ye Zhiming.
Not long after Ye Xuan and Ye Zhiming disappeared, a shadow suddenly appeared in the field. The shadow watched Ye Xuan and Ye Zhiming disappear into the distance. No one knew what it was thinking.
At this moment, a voice came from behind the figure. "Why didn't you make a move?"
The figure said softly, "That young man isn't simple!"
The voice said, "What's there to be afraid of? Kill him!"
The mysterious man suddenly turned around and clenched his right hand. Suddenly, a ferocious-looking beast appeared in his hand. The beast looked like a puppy, with two horns and three eyes. It had a ferocious face, and an extremely strong evil aura was being emitted from its body.
The figure said, "Don't attack without my orders. Understand?"
The beast wasn't afraid at all. Its figure shook and struggled free of the figure. In the next moment, it was over 1km away. It gazed at the figure and laughed coldly, "Bin Xu, you should be aware that we don't have that much time to waste in this world."
The man called Bin Xu turned around and gazed at the direction Ye Xuan and Ye Zhiming had vanished towards, "Then you go!"
The beast laughed coldly, "Dream on! I'm not going!"
Bin Xu spoke softly, "Heaven Loathe, we've already broken the rules by coming to this world. Our strength has been weakened, so we have to be careful in this world.
That woman was always hiding herself, but she suddenly revealed her aura and allowed us to find her. Don't you think that's very unusual? "
Heaven Loathe spoke solemnly, "That young man!"
Bin Xu nodded, "That young man isn't simple at all. He possesses the Cause of Calamity!"
The Cause of Calamity!
Heaven Loathe frowned slightly, "The Cause of Calamity?
Are you sure you're not joking? "
Bin Xu replied, "Do I look like I'm joking?"
Heaven Loathe spoke solemnly, "Then why isn't he dead?"
Bin Xu spoke softly, "That's why he's not simple."
Then, he looked at Heaven Loathe, "There are many experts in this world. We don't have the right to be arrogant."
Heaven Loathe shook his head, "I feel that you're too cautious!
That young man isn't simple. We can just not kill him. Can't we just bring that woman along? "
Bin Xu replied, "What if she gives that thing to that young man?"
Heaven Loathe frowned. Two balls of black light flickered in his eyes, "She probably won't, right?"
Bin Xu spoke softly, "If she doesn't have the power to resist, do you think she won't?"
Heaven Loathe spoke solemnly, "Then are we just going to wait like this?"
Bin Xu shook his head, "We'll wait for now. In any case, we'll try not to provoke that young man if we can."
Heaven Loathe suddenly spoke, "As far as I know, there are many people in this universe who have designs on that young man.
Why don't we form an alliance with them?
Hand? "
Bin Xu shook his head, "Master said that we can't play with fools. These people are pretty stupid!"
Heaven Loathe, "…"
...
At the end of the distant starry sky, Ye Xuan suddenly spoke, "Miss Ye, can you sense that someone is following us?"
Ye Zhiming replied calmly, "Is that so?"
Ye Xuan smiled, "Miss Ye, aren't you going to tell me?"
Ye Zhiming was silent.
Ye Xuan suddenly stopped and turned to look at Ye Zhiming, "Miss Ye, do I owe you anything?"
Ye Zhiming looked at Ye Xuan, "No!"
Ye Xuan smiled, "Then do you think I should meddle in your affairs?"
Ye Zhiming was silent.
Ye Xuan shook his head and smiled, "Miss Ye, if you are my friend, then your affairs are my affairs. For my friends, I, Ye Xuan, can climb a mountain of blades and dive into a sea of fire.
Unfortunately, you're not my friend.
So, I won't meddle in your affairs, just like you won't meddle in mine. "
Ye Zhiming looked at Ye Xuan, not saying a word.
Ye Xuan smiled, "Miss Ye, you let me learn Dao scripture martial arts, but I also gave you Dao scripture to read. We don't owe each other anything, so I don't owe you anything. Goodbye!"
With that, he turned to leave.
He knew that this woman was using him. He didn't say anything, but it didn't mean that he didn't know. He was just waiting for this woman to come clean with him and negotiate with him!
But this woman didn't have such thoughts!
Did she really think that he was a fool?
Although he wasn't afraid of trouble, there was no need for him to provoke trouble!
Most importantly, I'm really not that close to you!
Ye Xuan left decisively.
At this moment, Ye Zhiming suddenly said, "What do you want?"
Ye Xuan stopped and turned to look at Ye Zhiming, "What can you give me?"
Ye Zhiming walked to Ye Xuan, "Dao scripture martial arts that can give you the second volume of Dao scripture!"
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Now?"
Ye Zhiming shook his head, "I can't give it to you now. Half a year, I'll give it to you in half a year."
Ye Xuan was silent.
Ye Zhiming said, "Don't bite off more than you can chew. You still haven't fully comprehended the Dao scripture martial arts, right?"
Ye Xuan still didn't say anything.
Ye Zhiming continued, "Moreover, I can help you find more Dao scriptures. Only I have this ability.
Apart from that, I'm by your side … "
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Guide me and my friends!"
He knew that this woman in front of him was knowledgeable. If she was willing to guide him, it would be of great help to him and the people of the Fifth Dimension.
Ye Zhiming didn't hesitate, "Yes!"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Deal!"
Ye Zhiming looked at Ye Xuan, "I will bring you trouble!"
Ye Xuan smiled, "Miss Ye, I also have a lot of troubles, so let's trouble each other!
If my troubles are big, then you'll suffer. If your troubles are big, then I'll be the one suffering! "
Ye Zhiming calmly said, "If you know my true identity, you'll regret it."
Ye Xuan was curious, "What is your true identity?"
Ye Zhiming expressionlessly said, "Do you think I'm stupid enough to tell you?"
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Do you know who I really am?"
Ye Zhiming looked at Ye Xuan, "What is it?"
Ye Xuan sternly said, "Actually, I'm the son of the Ninth Dimension!
I haven't even told my sister this secret!
Miss Ye, you have to keep it a secret! "
Ye Zhiming stared at Ye Xuan, "Can I ask you for a favor?"
Ye Xuan was a little curious, "What is it?"
Ye Zhiming slowly closed her eyes, clenching her fists in anger, "I'm a scholar, please don't insult my intelligence, thank you!"
Ye Xuan, "…"
.....
PS: Actually, I'm not an ordinary person …





Chapter 1272
Just like that, Ye Xuan and Ye Zhiming made a deal!
He had Ye Zhiming follow him and Ye Zhiming would help him. The two of them were helping each other.
It could also be said that the two of them were using each other.
The two of them did not stay in space for long. Ye Xuan brought Ye Zhiming back to the Fifth Dimension.
The current Fifth Dimension had completely changed. From a certain perspective, the power of the Fifth Dimension had surpassed that of the Sixth Dimension.
Of course, there was still a gap between them and the Dao World because the Self Release Realm experts of the Dao World far surpassed the Fifth Dimension.
However, the Dao World did not dare to underestimate the Fifth Dimension.
After Ye Xuan brought Ye Zhiming back to the Fifth Dimension, he immediately appointed Ye Zhiming as an honorary elder of the Fifth Dimension Alliance. Ye Zhiming was not restricted by anyone in the Fifth Dimension Alliance.
Other than that, he started to develop the Fifth Dimension.
To fight against the Dao World and the Godly Kingdom of Sumeru, he alone was not enough, especially with the Fifth Dimension Calamity!
That was a calamity. He needed to unite everyone in the Fifth Dimension and let everyone fight together!
His thinking was simple. Only when everyone experienced that calamity together would they cherish the Fifth Dimension more.
Just like many people in the secular world, if they had not experienced war, they would not know how precious peace was.
...
On this day, Ye Xuan brought Ye Zhiming to Xiao Qi's courtyard. In the courtyard, Ye Zhiming looked at Xiao Qi without saying a word.
Xiao Qi also looked at Ye Zhiming.
The two of them looked at each other!
Ye Xuan was a little surprised, "You two know each other?"
Ye Zhiming shook his head and so did Xiao Qi.
Ye Xuan looked at Ye Zhiming. Ye Zhiming looked at Xiao Qi with a complicated expression, "Reincarnated person!"
Xiao Qi said calmly, "I am me!"
Ye Zhiming turned to look at Ye Xuan, "You can leave!"
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment before nodding, "You two can chat slowly!"
With that, he turned and left.
In the courtyard, Ye Zhiming looked at Xiao Qi, "Your relationship with him … is very complicated!"
Seven walked in front of Ye Zhiming. She wasn't big but she was slightly bigger than Ye Zhiming. She looked at him and said, "I think that you are really dangerous!"
Ye Zhiming sat on a stone stool and said, "You want to suppress the other you in your body, but you feel conflicted because you think that it is also you."
Xiao Qi looked at Ye Zhiming silently.
Ye Zhiming continued, "The reason why your swordsmanship has stagnated is because you are in a dilemma, unable to let go of it."
Seven was silent.
Ye Zhiming looked at Seven, "Why do we have to be conflicted?
Who doesn't have a past and present life? "
Seven shook his head, "I don't want to become someone else!"
Ye Zhiming smiled, "How did you become someone else?"
Seven looked at Ye Zhiming and Ye Zhiming smiled, "Actually, that is you. You are you and you won't become someone else.
However, you've been avoiding it and not facing yourself. Moreover, you're afraid. It's precisely because of these reasons that you can't let go of yourself. That's why your Sword Dao and your realm are so low. Otherwise, your Sword Dao and realm should be higher than that fellow. "
Seven was silent.
Ye Zhiming continued, "Strictly speaking, you aren't a true reincarnated person, so you don't have to think about whether or not you will become someone else."
Seven was silent.
Ye Zhiming continued, "If you really want to be yourself, then you have to face everything, understand yourself, and be yourself."
After saying that, she turned around and left.
In the courtyard, Seven was silent and didn't speak for a long time …
...
After Ye Xuan left Seven's courtyard, he found An Lanxiu.
He passed the old man's Interspatial Ring to An Lanxiu.
"Here!"
An Lanxiu looked at Ye Xuan. She took the Interspatial Ring and turned around to walk into the house.
At that moment, Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Aren't you going to ask what it is?"
An Lanxiu looked at Ye Xuan and didn't say a word.
Ye Xuan smiled, "Let's walk together?"
An Lanxiu nodded, "Okay!"
In the Xiao Dao, Ye Xuan and An Lanxiu walked slowly.
An Lanxiu didn't speak much and basically didn't speak at all.
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "I still remember Qing City!"
Qing City!
An Lanxiu glanced at Ye Xuan and didn't say a word.
She had met Ye Xuan in Qing City, and at that time, she was still a Country Scholar.
Ye Xuan said, "Little Nine, Mo Yunqi, Bai Ze, and Little An have returned to Qing City."
He had actually sent people to pick up Little Nine and the others, but he found out that they had all returned to Qing City.
When he found out about this news, he felt very complicated.
He knew what they meant.
He, Ye Xuan, walked too quickly, and Little Nine and the others couldn't keep up. However, they didn't choose to forcefully follow.
Among the people who came from Qing City that year, only An Lanxiu and Lian Wanli could keep up with his footsteps.
An Lanxiu was silent.
Indeed, on this path of martial arts, there were fewer and fewer people walking on it!
Now, only she, Lian Wanli, and Ye Xuan were left.
Ye Xuan suddenly stopped his footsteps. He turned around to look at An Lanxiu and said with a smile, "A senior once told me that the path of the Martial Way is extremely lonely.
I also feel that on this path, if you walk far, it doesn't mean that your friends and family can walk far.
Many times, as you walk, the people around you will become fewer and fewer.
Do you know?
Sometimes, I'm very afraid, afraid that one day, as I walk, you, Lian Wanli, and Ling 'er won't be around. "
Lonely!
The martial path was lonely!
In fact, it wasn't just Little Nine and Mo Yunqi, there was also Wei Yang Tian, Master Painter, Mo Xie …
Many of the people in the past had disappeared as they walked!
He was suddenly very afraid, afraid that he would become that white-clothed old man in the Origin Ground, and in the end, he would be the only one left.
After coming out of the Origin Ground, the reason he returned to the Fifth Dimension was simply to see An Lanxiu, Little Seven, and Lian Wanli.
An Lanxiu suddenly grabbed Ye Xuan's hand and looked at Ye Xuan, "I'll go with you."
Ye Xuan grabbed An Lanxiu's hand and smiled, "Thank you, thank you for always accompanying me."
An Lanxiu shook her head, "You're still the Ye Xuan I know, that's enough."
She was actually afraid, afraid that Ye Xuan would become another person as he walked!
She liked the youth she met in Qing City!
And now, the person in front of her was still that youth.
Of course, this youth was much more mature than before.
At this moment, a voice suddenly rang out from the side, "Oh, you're even holding hands!"
Lian Wanli's voice!
An Lanxiu subconsciously wanted to retract her hand, but Ye Xuan held on tightly.
Ye Xuan looked at Lian Wanli and smiled, "Congratulations, you're half a step into the Soul Escaping Realm!"
Lian Wanli shook her head, "I still can't beat you!"
Ye Xuan blinked, "Let me tell you a secret, do you want to hear it?"
Lian Wanli was somewhat curious, "What secret?"
Ye Xuan said seriously, "My sword path has broken through again.
The current me can destroy the Soul Escaping Realm with a single hand!
I can fight at least ten people like you! "
An Lanxiu's lips curled up slightly, but she quickly returned to normal.
Lian Wanli looked at Ye Xuan, and after being stunned for a moment, she roared, "You damn …"
.....”
Saying this, she raised her Azure Dragon Saber and chased after Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan turned and ran.
Seeing the two fighting in the distance, An Lanxiu's smile suddenly became wider.
A moment later, the three of them came to a small courtyard. Ye Xuan began to cook, and the three of them sat around the table.
Lian Wanli looked at Ye Xuan who was cooking, "Bandit Ye, why did you suddenly think of cooking for us today?"
Ye Xuan smiled, "What, do you think I'm plotting something?"
Lian Wanli sneered, "One who is unaccountably solicitous is hiding evil intentions!"
Saying this, she looked at An Lanxiu, "Be careful, my intuition tells me that he wants to sleep with you!"
An Lanxiu was expressionless, "Maybe he wants to sleep with you!"
Lian Wanli was about to speak when Ye Xuan suddenly chuckled, "Why don't we sleep together!
My bed is big enough! "
The two women suddenly looked at Ye Xuan, and Ye Xuan felt that something was wrong. The next moment, a large saber and a spear suddenly slashed at him …
...
An hour later, An Lanxiu and Lian Wanli entered seclusion.
This was because Ye Xuan had given the white-clothed old man's inheritance to the two of them!
In addition, he had also given the contents of the Dao Scripture to the two of them. An Lanxiu had already reached Self Release, so this Dao Scripture would be of great help to her.
As for Lian Wanli, her talent was not low either. If she obtained this Dao Scripture and the white-haired old man's inheritance, he believed that she would definitely have a qualitative breakthrough.
Ye Xuan came to Guan Yin's room. At this moment, Guan Yin had already reached half-step Self Release. Her talent could be said to be no weaker than An Lanxiu and the others.
Ye Xuan took out a scroll and handed it to Guan Yin. Guan Yin was a little curious, "This is?"
Ye Xuan said, "The third Dao Scripture, give it to me after reading it!"
Guan Yin was stunned, "This is … a remnant page of the Dao Scripture?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Guan Yin's hand trembled, "You found a remnant page of the Dao Scripture!"
Ye Xuan nodded, "You can only remember this in your heart, you can't let outsiders know about it. Do you understand what I mean?"
Guan Yin looked at Ye Xuan, "You really want to show it to me?"
Ye Xuan was a little helpless, "Do I look like I'm joking?"
At this moment, Guan Yin's heart was incomparably complicated.
This was a Dao Scripture!
A Dao Scripture that countless people went crazy for!
And this Ye Xuan was actually showing it to her!
Ye Xuan said, "I promised you that if I open the book room, I will show you the Dao Scripture inside. But right now, I can't open the book room, so I will show you this scroll first. I hope it will be of help to you!"
Guan Yin glanced at Ye Xuan, "Many thanks!"
After saying that, she picked up the Dao Scripture. Moments later, her expression became incomparably solemn. It was obvious that the contents of the Dao Scripture had given her an incomparable shock!
After some time, Guan Yin returned the Dao Scripture to Ye Xuan, "I'll remember it!"
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Miss Guan, only you can know about this. You must not leak it, otherwise, we will all be finished!"
Now, he only dared to show this Dao Scripture to those closest to him, because he knew that if it was leaked, and the world knew that he had two Dao Scriptures … he didn't dare to think about it.
Guan Yin nodded, "I understand!"
After saying that, she looked at Ye Xuan, "Why did you show it to me?"
Ye Xuan said, "Didn't I promise you?"
Guan Yin stared at Ye Xuan, "I didn't expect you to be serious!"
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Are you touched?
And you want to repay me with your body? "
Guan Yin glanced at Ye Xuan, then said, "If you don't like a woman, don't flirt with her, understand?"
Ye Xuan: "…"
..
fpzw





Chapter 1273
Inside the room, Ye Xuan smiled. "I'm just joking!"
Guan Yin looked at Ye Xuan and said softly, "That Dao Scripture is very important. You have to be cautious to avoid bringing disaster to yourself and the Five-Dimensional Universe."
Ye Xuan nodded. "I only dare to show it to the people closest to me!"
Guan Yin looked at Ye Xuan. "Am I also the person closest to you?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Miss Guan, you have contributed a lot to the Five-Dimensional Universe being able to reach here. I will always remember it."
Guan Yin shook her head. "The Five-Dimensional Universe is not your problem alone. It is our problem!"
Ye Xuan was silent.
Guan Yin continued, "No matter what, I and the Spirit of Dark One will face everything with you."
Ye Xuan smiled. "Okay!"
Guan Yin was about to speak when a shadow suddenly floated into the hall. The shadow bowed slightly to Ye Xuan and Ye Xuan. Then, he looked at Ye Xuan and hesitated to speak.
This was Guan Yin's spy!
Ye Xuan smiled. "You guys chat first. I will go out first!"
Guan Yin suddenly said, "Something big must have happened. You stay here!"
Then, she looked at the shadow and said, "In the future, seeing him is like seeing me. There is nothing to hide from him. Understand?"
The shadow bowed respectfully and said, "An eminent monk came to the ancient temple. He might be from the Western Paradise Realm!"
Western Paradise Realm!
Ye Xuan squinted his eyes. Those forces are finally going to make a move?
Guan Yin looked at Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan said, "I will go to the ancient temple!"
Guan Yin shook her head. "If the people from the Western Paradise Realm really want this Dao Scripture, then they will definitely let the ancient temple detain you …"
Ye Xuan looked at the shadow and the latter immediately disappeared.
Ye Xuan smiled. "They still don't know that I have the fourth Dao Scripture."
Guan Yin said, "Then they should know that the Dao Scripture is in Mu Niannian's hands!"
The news that the Dao Scripture was in Mu Niannian's hands was already known by everyone!
Guan Yin said, "And they all know that Mu Niannian is with you. I am afraid that they will use you or the Five-Dimensional Universe to threaten Mu Niannian … So, it will be very dangerous for you to go!"
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Believe me!"
Guan Yin looked at Ye Xuan. "You broke through again?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Right now, the only ones who pose a threat to me are those above Release One, and even if they are above Release One, I am not afraid."
Guan Yin thought for a moment and said, "Alright!
Go find out what the attitude of the ancient temple and the Realm of Pure Land is! "
Ye Xuan nodded. "I'll leave the matters of the clan to you!
Also, go ask that Ye Zhiming when you have nothing to do. That little girl is very terrifying! "
"Understood!" Guan Yin nodded.
Ye Xuan didn't say anything else and just turned around and vanished.
Guan Yin looked at the distant horizon with a trace of worry in his eyes.
Even though Ye Xuan was getting stronger, his enemies were getting stronger as well …
...
The ancient temple.
Ye Xuan had just returned to the ancient temple when the Governor Elder appeared in front of him.
The Governor Elder glanced at Ye Xuan and said, "Young Master Ye!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Someone from the Realm of Pure Land has come?"
The Governor Elder nodded.
Ye Xuan said, "Because of me?"
The Governor Elder sighed. "Young Master Ye, you can leave!"
Actually, the ancient temple didn't really want to become enemies with Ye Xuan now.
Ye Xuan had attained Spiritual Insight, and Ye Xuan had even obtained the recognition of the mysterious old monk. It could be said that the ancient temple's attitude towards Ye Xuan was slowly changing.
However, everything changed when the people from the Realm of Pure Land arrived.
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Governor Elder, please take me to see the abbot!
Even if I have to become enemies with the ancient temple in the end, I still think that we should part ways on good terms. What do you think? "
The Governor Elder glanced at Ye Xuan and said, "Come with me!"
The Governor Elder led Ye Xuan into the ancient temple. As soon as the two entered the gate of the ancient temple, a monk dressed in a golden kasaya appeared in front of them.
Ye Xuan glanced at the monk in the golden kasaya. He knew that this was the monk from the Realm of Pure Land.
The Governor Elder said, "Young Master Ye, this is Bodhisattva Ah Ku from the Realm of Pure Land!"
Ye Xuan looked at Bodhisattva Ah Ku and smiled. "Bodhisattva Ah Ku, are you here for the Dao Scripture?"
Bodhisattva Ah Ku put his palms together. "Not only for the Dao Scripture, but also for the Buddhist Scripture!"
As he spoke, he looked at Ye Xuan. "Young Master Ye, I know that you have a close relationship with the Fifth Dimension Tendo. I hope that Young Master Ye can persuade the Fifth Dimension Tendo to hand over the Dao Scripture to prevent the Fifth Dimension from causing trouble."
Ye Xuan smiled. "Is Bodhisattva Ah Ku trying to snatch it?"
Bodhisattva Ah Ku shook his head. "That item doesn't belong to the Fifth Dimension Tendo, nor does it belong to Young Master Ye. It's an ownerless item that anyone can obtain.
Moreover, it contains the Buddhist Scripture of the Realm of Pure Land. Young Master Ye and Miss Mu should return it to its rightful owner! "
Ye Xuan shook his head and smiled. "Since Master said that it's an ownerless item, why can't it be ours?"
Bodhisattva Ah Ku looked at Ye Xuan and put his palms together. "Buddha is benevolent and didn't want to use weapons. However, Young Master Ye is so stubborn. Sorry for offending you!"
As he spoke, he was about to make a move.
"Stop!"
At this moment, a voice came from the side.
Ye Xuan looked over. It was the ancient temple's abbot.
The ancient temple's abbot put his palms together. "Bodhisattva Ah Ku, this is a peaceful place. How can you make a move here?"
Bodhisattva Ah Ku looked at the ancient temple's abbot. "Abbot, are you going to protect this Ye Xuan?"
The abbot said, "Bodhisattva Ah Ku, our ancient temple doesn't have any thoughts about the Dao Scripture anymore!
We are a group of cultivators. We just want to cultivate in peace deep in the mountains. That's all! "
After knowing that the Dao Scripture was in Mu Niannian's hands, the abbot completely gave up on the Dao Scripture.
Because he suddenly realized that whether it was Mu Niannian or the people behind Ye Xuan, they weren't people the ancient temple could go against.
Moreover, Ye Xuan and the ancient temple were fated. It was originally a bad karma, but now it was a good karma. He didn't want to turn this good karma into a bad karma!
There was another reason. Just like what Ye Xuan had said, all the monks in the ancient temple, including him, had too strong an obsession!
If they were too obsessed with the Dao Scripture, they would have inner demons!
Once they let go of this thought, their bodies would become light!
However, he never expected that someone from the Realm of Pure Land would come!
Bodhisattva Ah Ku was about to speak when the abbot suddenly said, "Young Master Ye, leave!"
Ye Xuan looked at the abbot. The abbot pressed his palms together, "I've learned a lot from what Young Master Ye said that day. Today, I'd like to express my stance to Young Master Ye. From today onwards, our ancient temple will seal the mountain and no longer care about anything in the secular world."
After a moment of silence, Ye Xuan pressed his palms together, "Thank you, Master, for your help in the past!"
With that, he turned around and left.
He knew that if he continued to stay here, he would only make things difficult for the ancient temple!
At that moment, Bodhisattva Ah Ku was about to make a move. The abbot suddenly said, "Bodhisattva Ah Ku!"
The moment he said that, more than ten divine senses enveloped Bodhisattva Ah Ku.
Bodhisattva Ah Ku glanced at the ancient temple's abbot and pressed his palms together without saying a word.
The ancient temple's abbot looked at Ye Xuan, "Young Master Ye, the journey will be dangerous. Young Master Ye, please be careful!"
Ye Xuan smiled, "Take care, Master!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he vanished into the horizon.
As soon as Ye Xuan vanished, Bodhisattva Ah Ku vanished as well.
The ancient temple's abbot pressed his palms together, and his eyes were filled with complicated emotions.
The Governor Elder spoke softly, "They underestimated Young Master Ye and Miss Mu!"
The ancient temple's abbot nodded, "They severely underestimated them!"
The Governor Elder hesitated for a moment and said, "Are we really going to give up on the scriptures?"
The ancient temple's abbot spoke softly, "Our ancient temple isn't a match for Young Master Ye and Miss Mu!
If we continue to be greedy, then our ancient temple will be doomed eternally! "
The Governor Elder nodded, and then he looked up into the sky, "Will Young Master Ye be in danger?"
The abbot fell silent for a long time before he spoke softly, "He isn't the Young Master Ye from all those years ago!
Seal the mountain! "
With that, he turned around and left.
....
In the distant horizon, Ye Xuan suddenly stopped, and Bodhisattva Ah Ku was behind him.
Bodhisattva Ah Ku's strength was at the Extreme Self Release Realm!
He wasn't above Self Release Realm!
Ye Xuan looked at Bodhisattva Ah Ku and smiled, "Why are you chasing me?"
Bodhisattva Ah Ku pressed his palms together, "Young Master Ye, please follow me to the Realm of Pure Land."
Ye Xuan shook his head, "I'm not going!"
Bodhisattva Ah Ku's face was expressionless, "I have to go!"
Ye Xuan turned around and ran!
He was extremely swift, and he vanished into the horizon in the blink of an eye.
Bodhisattva Ah Ku was stunned, and then he chased after him!
In just a moment, Ye Xuan had fled to the Dao World!
Moreover, Bodhisattva Ah Ku had followed him to the Dao World as well!
After Ye Xuan and Bodhisattva Ah Ku arrived at the Dao World, Jiang Yu and the others in the Dao World received the news immediately!
The Realm of Pure Land had attacked!
Jiang Yu's expression changed when he received the news, and then he immediately gathered all the Self Release Realm experts and the experts of the Dao Village to chase after Ye Xuan and Bodhisattva Ah Ku.
In an instant, all the experts in the Dao World were mobilized!
Somewhere in the starry sky, Ye Xuan was traveling on his sword. He was extremely fast, but he maintained a certain distance from Bodhisattva Ah Ku.
Bodhisattva Ah Ku frowned. Where was Ye Xuan escaping to?
His intuition told him that something was wrong!
At that moment, Ye Xuan, who was in the distance, suddenly stopped!
Bodhisattva Ah Ku looked at Ye Xuan, "Young Master Ye, why aren't you continuing to escape?"
Ye Xuan looked at Bodhisattva Ah Ku, and he slowly raised his right hand. In his palm, a powerful Buddhist Dharma power condensed.
Upon seeing this, Bodhisattva Ah Ku narrowed his eyes slightly, and he slowly clenched his right hand. Around him, a powerful Buddhist Dharma power suddenly surged out.
At that moment, Ye Xuan suddenly attacked!
He did not attack Bodhisattva Ah Ku, but he struck his own chest with his palm.
Boom!
When the palm landed, Ye Xuan spat out a mouthful of Essence Blood. At the same time, his entire body flew backward nearly 1,000 feet. In the process of flying backward, he spat out blood continuously and dyed his entire chest red!
Upon seeing this, Bodhisattva Ah Ku was a little dumbfounded.
At that moment, Ye Xuan suddenly struck his own chest with his palm again.
Pfft!
Ye Xuan spat out another mouthful of Essence Blood. This time, his chest directly split open, and the white bones inside could be seen!
Bodhisattva Ah Ku stared at Ye Xuan. "Young Master Ye, I really don't understand what you're doing!"
At that moment, Ye Xuan struck his own chest with his palm again. At that moment, he flew out directly. This flight directly shattered the space behind him, and it was extremely tragic.
At the same time, Ye Xuan suddenly roared furiously, "Bald donkey, return my study room!"
His voice was like thunder that directly spread toward the starry sky and could be heard millions of miles away.
Bodhisattva Ah Ku was speechless.
...
PS: Happy birthday "Unfettered One"!
Thank you for your continuous support!
I originally wanted to add ten chapters, but on second thought, we have such a good relationship. If I were to add more chapters, wouldn't it seem like our friendship is very shallow?
As the saying goes, the friendship between gentlemen is as indifferent as water. Good brothers shouldn't have those fancy things!
Also, in the past, you asked me how to cure impotence … I wonder if your difficult words have gotten better …
fpzw





Chapter 1274
In the starry sky, after Ye Xuan shouted that sentence, he spat out another mouthful of blood.
Bodhisattva Ah Ku stared at Ye Xuan. "You want to frame the Pure Land of Ultimate Bliss. Unfortunately, the world might not believe you …"
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly looked behind Bodhisattva Ah Ku and said in shock, "You are …"
Bodhisattva Ah Ku turned his head subconsciously. However, there was nothing in front of him.
Bodhisattva Ah Ku's expression changed drastically and he turned around abruptly.
Bodhisattva Ah Ku's pupils suddenly constricted. In the depths of his eyes, a wisp of sword light was getting bigger and bigger.
Bodhisattva Ah Ku was horrified. He put his palms together and a ball of Buddhist light blocked the wisp of sword light. However, at the next moment, the wisp of sword light sliced his hands and flashed past his throat.
Psst!
Bodhisattva Ah Ku's body stiffened and the Buddhist light around him dissipated rapidly.
Meanwhile, Ye Xuan was still opposite him!
Bodhisattva Ah Ku looked at Ye Xuan in disbelief. "You're so strong …"
As soon as he finished speaking, he disappeared without a trace.
Instant kill!
Bodhisattva Ah Ku did not expect that he would be killed by Ye Xuan in an instant!
He was an Ultimate Self Release Realm expert!
However, Ye Xuan had killed him in an instant!
How was that possible?
Even at death, Bodhisattva Ah Ku's heart was filled with doubts.
Ye Xuan looked at Bodhisattva Ah Ku who had completely disappeared. He waved his right hand and Bodhisattva Ah Ku's storage ring flew into his hand.
At this moment, he finally understood how big the difference was between a fake Ultimate Self Release Realm and a real one!
It was really a world of difference!
At this moment, dozens of powerful auras appeared. Ye Xuan hurriedly knelt on one knee and covered his chest with both hands. He coughed violently and blood flowed out of his mouth from time to time!
At first glance, this injury wasn't just a normal heavy injury!
When Jiang Yu and the rest saw Ye Xuan's appearance, they were stunned.
So miserable?
Ye Xuan was still coughing. As he coughed, more blood flowed out from the corner of his mouth. The blood flowed down from the corner of his mouth and directly dyed his body red. At this moment, he was simply covered in blood. From his appearance, he was as miserable as he could be!
Jiang Yu glanced at Ye Xuan, and he hesitated for a moment before he said, "Young Master Ye, your injuries are quite severe!"
Ye Xuan pointed to the far right, his eyes filled with resentment. "The Realm of Ultimate Bliss, snatched, they snatched my study room!"
Jiang Yu followed Ye Xuan's finger, but he didn't see anything.
Meanwhile, Li Qing from Dao Village suddenly said, "Young Master Ye, are you sure?"
Ye Xuan glanced at Li Qing, who was speaking. He wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth and nodded.
Li Qing stared at Ye Xuan as if she was trying to see through Ye Xuan. "There's something I don't understand, and I hope Young Master Ye can enlighten me!"
Ye Xuan said, "If all of you pursue them now, you might be able to catch up to them!"
Meanwhile, Jiang Yu led the others and vanished on the spot.
However, Li Qing didn't pursue them. She gazed at Ye Xuan and smiled, "Young Master Ye, according to my knowledge, isn't that study room in the hands of the Fifth Dimension Tendo?"
Ye Xuan withdrew a healing pill and consumed it, and then he said, "She gave it to me."
Li Qing asked, "Where is she?"
Ye Xuan fell silent.
Li Qing stared at Ye Xuan. "You can't tell me?"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Miss Li, do you think I'm lying to you?"
Li Qing glanced at Ye Xuan's body, and then she said, "You're heavily injured, and there's still the energy of the Dharma around you. Obviously, you fought that old monk just now!
However, I'm not sure if the study room is in that old monk's possession. "
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Miss, if he didn't seize the study room, then why would he flee?
Don't tell me that he's afraid of all of you!
Of course, it's normal for him to be afraid of all of you after he obtained the study room. After all, he knows how tempting that study room is to all of you. "
Li Qing gazed at Ye Xuan. "Young Master Ye doesn't seem to be too sad about losing the study room."
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "It's already a great fortune to be able to live!"
Just as Li Qing was about to speak, Jiang Yu and the others returned.
Jiang Yu looked at Ye Xuan with a gloomy expression, "He's gone!"
Ye Xuan solemnly said, "He must have returned to the Western Paradise!"
Jiang Yu suddenly asked, "Young Master Ye, what about the Fifth Dimension Tendo?"
Ye Xuan sighed in a low voice, "He went to the Godly Kingdom of Xumi and fought with the experts there. Now he's recuperating from his injuries!
If you don't believe me, you can send someone to the Godly Kingdom of Xumi to ask! "
Jiang Yu looked at Li Qing, and Li Qing nodded. The Dao Village was aware that the Fifth Dimension's Heavenly Will had gone to the Godly Kingdom of Xumi, but the Dao Village had no idea what the Fifth Dimension's Heavenly Will was doing there.
Jiang Yu asked solemnly, "What should we do now?"
Ye Xuan looked at Jiang Yu, "Pavilion Lord Jiang, I have a suggestion!"
Jiang Yu said, "Young Master Ye, please speak!"
Ye Xuan pondered for a moment, then said, "Pavilion Lord Jiang, why don't we form an alliance?"
Alliance!
Jiang Yu's eyelids twitched, he looked at Ye Xuan without saying a word.
The other Self Release Realm experts also had a strange expression on their faces!
Li Qing suddenly smiled, "Young Master Ye wants to form an alliance with us?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Just a thought. I feel that since the Dao Scripture is in the Western Paradise, then to us, the Western Paradise is our enemy. What do you all think?"
Jiang Yu fell silent.
Li Qing looked at Ye Xuan, "But what if it's not in their hands?"
Ye Xuan stared at Li Qing, "Then who does Miss think has it?"
Li Qing smiled, "I just feel that there's something fishy about this matter, I have no intention of suspecting Young Master Ye."
Ye Xuan looked at Li Qing, smiling, "I feel that Miss is suspecting me. Since Miss is suspecting me, then it's useless no matter how much I explain."
Li Qing didn't say anything. At this time, Jiang Yu suddenly asked, "Miss Li, at least what realm is that monk's cultivation?"
After a moment of silence, Li Qing said, "At least the Extreme Self Release Realm!"
Jiang Yu glanced at Ye Xuan, "Can Young Master Ye resist an Extreme Self Release Realm expert?"
Ye Xuan smiled bitterly, "Pavilion Master Jiang, you think too highly of me!
Not to mention an Extreme Self Release Realm expert, I can't even defeat any one of the seniors here! "
Jiang Yu nodded, "I have no intention of mocking Young Master Ye. I just feel that since Young Master Ye is unable to resist an Extreme Self Release Realm expert, then it means that the study might have fallen into the hands of the Western Paradise!"
Li Qing fell silent.
Jiang Yu suddenly said, "Young Master Ye, can the Western Paradise open the study?"
Obviously, he chose to believe in Ye Xuan!
Because he didn't think that Ye Xuan could resist an Extreme Self Release Realm expert!
And if that expert didn't obtain the study, then why did he flee?
If the other party chose to flee before they arrived, then there was only one explanation, and that was that the other party obtained the study!
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "I won't be able to open it in a short period of time!"
Li Qing asked, "Young Master Ye, you can't open the study either?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "I can't either, because it was left behind by the Prophet. Although it is with me, I have tried, but I can't open it. However, everyone should know my relationship with the Prophet, so I can't open it for the time being. If I reach the Extreme Self Release Realm, I should be able to open the study!"
Li Qing didn't understand, "Why?"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "You will have to ask the Prophet about this!"
Li Qing still wanted to ask something, but Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Miss Li, may I ask if we are familiar with each other?"
Li Qing looked at Ye Xuan, "What do you mean, Young Master Ye?"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Since you are not familiar with me, can you not keep asking me questions?
To be honest, the reason why I keep answering you is because of Pavilion Master Jiang. Don't think too highly of yourself, okay? "
Li Qing's eyes narrowed.
Her expression gradually turned unfriendly.
Ye Xuan didn't waste any words, and directly slashed out with his sword!
Li Qing's expression changed, she didn't expect Ye Xuan to directly attack, and immediately punched out!
Boom!
Li Qing instantly retreated hundreds of feet.
Ye Xuan was about to attack again, but Jiang Yu hurriedly blocked in front of Ye Xuan, "Young Master Ye, this is Miss Li Qing from Dao Village, she represents Dao Village!
She shouldn't have any ill intentions! "
Seeing that Ye Xuan and Dao Village had a conflict, he was naturally happy, because if Dao Village and Ye Xuan had a conflict, it would only benefit his Immortal Pavilion!
Ye Xuan didn't care about Li Qing, but looked at Jiang Yu, "Pavilion Master Jiang, you are a good person, so I will give you face."
As he spoke, he coldly looked at Li Qing, "You can choose not to believe me, but I didn't ask your Dao Village to believe me. If you ask me any more questions, I will kill you!"
Li Qing stared at Ye Xuan, not saying a word.
Jiang Yu hurriedly tried to be the peacemaker, "Young Master Ye, calm down, we should be united now!"
Ye Xuan nodded, "I'm not sure if the Realm of Ultimate Bliss can open the study room, but I know that if they open the study room and obtain the Dao scripture, then we won't have a chance."
Jiang Yu nodded, "Is that so, Young Master Ye, what do you think?"
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "If they can't open it, then they will definitely continue to look for me, and then, I think that will be our chance!"
Li Qing suddenly said, "What if they can open the study room?"
Ye Xuan spread his hands, "Then we surrender!"
Surrender!
Everyone looked at each other in dismay.
True, if the Realm of Ultimate Bliss really opened the study room and used the Dao scripture to reach a new height, at that time, the Dao World would have no capital to compete for this study room.
At this time, Ye Xuan said, "According to what I know, the Godly Kingdom of Xumi already has masters above Self Release Realm, in other words, the Realm of Ultimate Bliss should also have them. Then, why do they still want to compete for this study room?"
Jiang Yu looked at Li Qing, "Miss Li, you answer!"
Li Qing was silent for a moment before saying, "In fact, the current Self Release Realm is not the true Self Release Realm. Simply put, everyone's realm is not the true Self Release Realm!
The true Self Release Realm is out of the Grand Dao, not within the Dao, and all of us here are still within the Dao.
I believe that the Realm of Ultimate Bliss and Godly Kingdom of Xumi's Self Release Realm are not real, they might have opened another path, but this path is not right! "
At this moment, Ye Xuan thought of Mu Niannian!
Mu Niannian killed the Godly Kingdom of Xumi's Ruler with a single sword strike!
Why?
Perhaps this was the reason!
Mu Niannian's Self Release Realm and above were not fake, and that Godly Kingdom of Xumi's Ruler's realm was also fake, otherwise, he wouldn't have been killed so easily!
He suddenly thought of himself!
His previous realm was also fake, and it was through the Dao Scripture and Ye Zhiming's guidance that he reached the true Self Release Realm.
And when he fought with the old monk from the Realm of Ultimate Bliss, the old monk was not his opponent, why?
Because the old monk's Self Release Realm was not the true Self Release Realm!
Just like now, he, Ye Xuan, had the confidence to kill anyone here!
Of course, if these people joined hands, he could only run.
A false Self Release Realm was not as strong as a true Self Release Realm, but it was not that weak either!
And if these people were true Self Release Realm masters, with his current strength, he could at most fight one or two, that was his limit.
But now, he could fight more than ten of them alone!
Li Qing added, "The Ye Lanting in the past was a true Self Release Realm!
So, this is enough to prove that the Dao Scripture can help people reach true Self Release Realm and above. "
Saying this, she looked at Ye Xuan, "Once the Realm of Ultimate Bliss really opens the study room, we will no longer have the qualifications to compete with them."
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "What do we do?
I am very panicked now! "
.....





Chapter 1275
Hearing Ye Xuan's words, the place suddenly became quiet.
In fact, they were also panicking.
If the Realm of Bliss really opened the book house and obtained the Dao scripture, then they could reach Self Release or above. At that time, even ten Immortal Pavilions and Dao Villages would not be their match.
A true Self Release was really too terrifying!
At that moment, Jiang Yu suddenly said, "They might not necessarily be able to open the book house!"
Saying that, he looked at Ye Xuan with some lack of confidence. "Right, Young Master Ye?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Indeed.
However, if they can't open the book house, they will definitely come to me! "
Jiang Yu relaxed slightly and then said seriously, "Young Master Ye, you can't help them open the book house!"
Ye Xuan smiled bitterly. "I naturally won't help them, but an arm can't twist a leg. If they force me …"
Jiang Yu said solemnly, "In that case, let's form an alliance."
Ye Xuan looked at Jiang Yu, and Jiang Yu said seriously, "If the Realm of Bliss comes to find you, the Dao World will help!"
He did not really want to help Ye Xuan. He just did not want Ye Xuan to help the Realm of Bliss. After all, if Ye Xuan compromised, it would mean that the Dao World had no hope!
Ye Xuan was the host of the book house. Whoever obtained Ye Xuan was equivalent to obtaining the key. Although they did not have the book house now, this key absolutely could not fall into the hands of the Realm of Bliss.
Hearing Jiang Yu's words, Li Qing glanced at Ye Xuan and did not say anything.
She had doubts in her heart because there were still many strange things about this matter. However, she did not have actual evidence. Moreover, as Jiang Yu said, it was indeed impossible for Ye Xuan to resist a Self Release Realm expert.
Most importantly, the monk from the Realm of Bliss had escaped!
If the other party did not obtain the Dao scripture, why would he escape?
There was only one reasonable explanation, and that was that the other party obtained the book house, so he escaped.
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Pavilion Master Jiang, have you thought it through? Is our enemy the Realm of Ultimate Bliss?"
Jiang Yu nodded. "I know.
Do you know why so few people from the Godly Kingdom of Xumi come to the Dao World? "
Ye Xuan shook his head. "I don't know!"
Li Qing suddenly said, "He will be suppressed!"
Ye Xuan frowned. "Suppress?"
Li Qing nodded. "The Dao World's Cosmos Barrier is different from the Sixth Dimension. The Cosmos Barrier here is much stronger, and the Great Dao Laws contained within are also stronger. When people from places like the Godly Kingdom of Xumi come here, regardless of their cultivation, they will be suppressed. At most, their strength will not be able to reach their peak. Of course, this is not absolute. As long as they pay a certain price, their realm will not drop!"
Ye Xuan was puzzled. "Why is this happening?"
Li Qing said, "The laws of the universe."
The Law of the Universe!
Li Qing said again, "In this vast universe, there are many laws of the universe. These are laws, also known as innate laws. They are born with the universe and protect this universe in a certain form.
For example, if we destroy a space, as long as we don't erase it, that space will automatically return to normal. "
She paused and continued, "The Dao World's world is not as firm as the Godly Kingdom of Xumi. If experts above the Self Release Realm come to this world, this world will not be able to withstand their power. Therefore, this universe will protect itself and suppress them. Of course, if the other party is too strong, this world will not be able to suppress them."
Hearing this, Ye Xuan suddenly thought of Mu Niannian!
What was Mu Niannian?
Was it because she was not
A human, so this universe did not reject her?
It was very likely because of this!
Moreover, this Dao World's spirit was on the same side as Mu Niannian …
Li Qing said, "Our top priority is to spread the news that the Realm of Ultimate Bliss obtained the book house!
Spread it to all the worlds and let those hidden super forces know that the Realm of Ultimate Bliss obtained the book house! "
Ye Xuan and Jiang Yu looked at Li Qing. Li Qing said solemnly, "Create the threat theory, let all the forces and people feel that the Realm of Ultimate Bliss is in danger now, then unite all the forces to isolate the Realm of Ultimate Bliss and resist it."
Ye Xuan looked at Li Qing. This woman was a bit poisonous!
Li Qing said again, "We must do this. If we don't do this, the Realm of Ultimate Bliss might bite back and say that the book house is in our hands. At that time, we will become the target of others!"
Saying this, she looked at Jiang Yu. The latter nodded slightly, "Mo Dao, go and arrange it!"
Mo Dao bowed slightly and turned to leave.
Li Qing looked at Ye Xuan, "Young master Ye, now your situation will become very dangerous. If I'm not wrong, the Realm of Ultimate Bliss should come to find you soon!"
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "Then what should I do?"
Li Qing asked, "What about the Fifth Dimension's Tendo?"
Ye Xuan smiled bitterly, "She is seriously injured and can't fight at all."
Li Qing was silent.
Ye Xuan smiled, "She fought with the experts of the Godly Kingdom of Xumi. If you don't believe me, you can go and investigate!"
Li Qing shook her head, "We know that she went to the Godly Kingdom of Xumi. What I mean is, if you are not lying and she is really seriously injured, then your current situation is very, very dangerous!"
Ye Xuan's expression became somewhat solemn, "Then what should I do?"
Li Qing looked at Ye Xuan and did not say anything.
Ye Xuan smiled bitterly, "Miss Li Qing, you should be very clear about the strength of the Fifth Dimension. If it was an ordinary Self Release Realm expert, we naturally would not be afraid. But this Realm of Ultimate Bliss has many Self Release Realm experts!
If they target me … sigh, I should have given up on the book house. This kind of divine object is not something a trash like me can possess.
Sigh, I regret it! "
At the side, Jiang Yu hurriedly said, "Young Master Ye is blaming yourself. That kind of divine object, anyone would have greedy thoughts. It is normal for Young Master Ye to be greedy."
Ye Xuan sighed in a low voice, "What you say is correct, but … sigh, to tell you the truth, I just want to cultivate properly and do not want to get involved in any trouble. If the Realm of Ultimate Bliss came to find me, my previous thought was to help them open the book house and let them obtain the Dao Scripture!"
Hearing this, Jiang Yu's expression changed, he hurriedly said, "Young Master Ye, you must not have such thoughts. Think about it, if you help them open the book house, will they let you go?
No!
Young Master Ye is a heaven warping genius, your future is limitless. If the Realm of Ultimate Bliss obtains the Dao Scripture, the first person they will kill will definitely be Young Master Ye. "
Ye Xuan nodded, "I also understand, but, my personal strength …"
Jiang Yu hurriedly said, "Young Master Ye, you are not alone!
We will be with you, we will live and die together with you! "
Live and die together!
The corner of Ye Xuan's mouth twitched slightly.
Seeing Ye Xuan's silence, Jiang Yu suddenly became anxious. He was really afraid that Ye Xuan would surrender.
At this time, Li Qing also said, "Young Master Ye, we are not joking when we say that we will form an alliance with you."
Ye Xuan looked at Li Qing and smiled bitterly, "Miss Li Qing, Pavilion Master Jiang Yu, I feel that none of us can obtain the Dao Scripture alone. What do you think?"
Jiang Yu was silent.
Jiang Yu was silent.
Li Qing was also silent.
Ye Xuan said seriously, "Since none of us can obtain the Dao Scripture alone, why don't we form a true alliance? I am talking about a true alliance, not the kind where we deceive each other. Let's truly join hands, and if we obtain the Dao Scripture, the three of us will share it!"
Jiang Yu and Li Qing looked at Ye Xuan without saying a word.
Ye Xuan continued, "Both of you are smart people, and I, Ye Xuan, am not stupid either. Your alliance seems to be united against the outside world, but in fact, it is full of ulterior motives. With all due respect, this kind of alliance will not achieve anything great!"
Jiang Yu sighed softly.
Because what Ye Xuan said was right. Neither of them believed the other!
Ye Xuan continued, "Both of you, who is our enemy now?
It's the Realm of Ultimate Bliss, the birthplace of Buddhism!
If we are not united, how can we fight against them?
Furthermore, there is the Godly Kingdom of Xumi!
Do you think they will give up on the bookstore?
No, if we get the bookstore, they will join forces with the Realm of Ultimate Bliss, and even have other hidden forces!
At this time, if we are not united, how can we fight against them? "
Li Qing looked at Ye Xuan, "What are you trying to say!"
Ye Xuan said with a straight face, "Our three-way alliance, what I mean is a true alliance.
Both of you should have investigated me, you should know my character. I, Ye Xuan, have never betrayed an ally in the lower realm, right? "
Jiang Yu and Li Qing glanced at Ye Xuan. Indeed, according to their investigation, Ye Xuan was a person who valued friendship and righteousness.
Just like this time, Ye Xuan could have left the Fifth Dimension, but he did not do so. Instead, he stayed behind to fight against the Fifth Dimension's tribulation with those people!
This kind of person was a headache to be an enemy, but as an ally, it was very comfortable, because you don't have to worry about him plotting against you!
Ye Xuan continued, "Both of you, none of our three sides have the qualifications to compete with the Realm of Ultimate Bliss or the Godly Kingdom of Xumi. Only by joining forces will we have the qualifications to compete with them."
Li Qing suddenly asked, "What is considered a true alliance?"
Ye Xuan smiled, "Very simple!
It's trust!
Since the three of us have joined forces, we should trust each other, and not suspect each other behind our backs. Because this will give our opponents an opportunity to destroy us from the inside. "
Saying this, he looked at the two people, "I trust you, but do you trust me?"
Li Qing was silent.
Jiang Yu looked at Ye Xuan, then said, "I also trust Young Master Ye!"
Ye Xuan looked at Li Qing, and Li Qing said in a deep voice, "Young Master Ye, why do you emphasize trust?
What is the reason? "
Ye Xuan smiled, "Pavilion Master Jiang, look … Miss Li Qing is starting to suspect me again!
We haven't even formed an alliance, but she is already suspecting me, thinking that I, Ye Xuan, have ulterior motives. If we form an alliance and someone provokes us, she will definitely stab me, Ye Xuan, in the waist. I'm scared!
I'm really scared!
No more alliance!
Everyone play their own game, in any case, I, Ye Xuan, will surrender if I can't win! "
Saying this, he turned around and left.
Seeing this scene, Jiang Yu's expression changed. He glanced at Li Qing and said, "Miss Li, can there be less suspicion and more sincerity between people?
Although this Young Master Ye is a little slippery, his character is still trustworthy. You keep suspecting him, thinking that he has ulterior motives, this is really too much! "
Li Qing was silent.
Jiang Yu said again, "Do you think that I, Jiang Yu, am also guilty of speaking up for him?
If that's the case, then let's dissolve the alliance! "
Saying this, he hurriedly chased after Ye Xuan, "Young Master Ye, please wait. Dao Village doesn't believe you, but Immortal Pavilion does …"
...





Chapter 1276
In fact, compared to the Dao Village, Jiang Yu was more willing to believe in Ye Xuan!
This was because ever since he met Ye Xuan, even though they were opponents, some of Ye Xuan's actions had left a good impression on him.
For example, back in the Fifth Dimension, when the Pope self-destructed and heavily injured them, Ye Xuan did not choose to take action and even gave him healing medicine. If it was the Dao Village, the Dao Village would definitely not do such a thing.
Besides that, Ye Xuan's treatment of his own people was indescribable!
He was loyal and affectionate!
If it was the Dao Village, would the Dao Village live and die together with the Fifth Dimension?
That was absolutely impossible!
Of course, there was another important reason, and that was that Ye Xuan could open the Study Room!
Ye Xuan was the key to opening the Study Room!
Soon, Jiang Yu caught up to Ye Xuan. He hurriedly stopped Ye Xuan and smiled bitterly. "Young Master Ye, that Miss Li Qing did not have any ill intentions. Don't take it to heart!"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "Pavilion Master Jiang, Miss Li Qing is not only on guard against me, but also against the Celestial Pavilion, right?"
Jiang Yu nodded. "To tell you the truth, the Celestial Pavilion is also on guard against them!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Pavilion Master Jiang, Miss Li Qing is on guard against us. I dare to bet that as long as an outsider provokes her, she will immediately suspect us and even attack us. What do you think?"
Jiang Yu was silent.
At this moment, Li Qing walked over.
Li Qing glanced at Ye Xuan. "Young Master Ye, I feel that being more cautious is not wrong. What do you think?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Being more cautious is not wrong. However, Miss Li, I feel that we still need to have enough trust in our allies. What do you think?
Otherwise, if you suspect me and I suspect you today, we won't even need to wait for the Western Paradise Realm. We will destroy ourselves. "
Jiang Yu nodded. "Young Master Ye's words are reasonable. Since we are in an alliance, everyone must be sincere. We cannot be as deceitful as before. At least before we obtain the Dao Scripture, we must be united."
Ye Xuan looked at Li Qing and said, "I have no problem!"
Jiang Yu looked at Li Qing. Li Qing smiled and said, "I have no problem either!"
Jiang Yu nodded. "Since no one has any objections, then it's settled."
As he spoke, he glanced at Li Qing. "Miss Li Qing, don't let this happen again!"
Li Qing was about to speak when Mo Dao suddenly appeared in front of Jiang Yu, and he spoke solemnly, "Someone from the Western Paradise has gone to the ancient temple!"
Jiang Yu looked at Ye Xuan and said solemnly, "They're here!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Get ready!"
With that, he disappeared on the spot.
Jiang Yu was just about to leave when Li Qing suddenly said, "Do you really trust him that much?"
Jiang Yu asked softly, "Miss Li, do you trust me?"
Li Qing looked at Jiang Yu silently.
Jiang Yu smiled and said, "Look, not only do you not believe him, you don't believe me either, right?"
With that, he turned around and left.
...
Ye Xuan returned to the Fifth Dimension. He needed to buy more time for the Fifth Dimension because Aro and the others in the Fifth Dimension weren't strong enough!
Self Release!
In fact, he didn't care about the Dao Scripture in the study anymore. Because with Ye Zhiming, as long as Aro and Xiao Qi were given some time, it wouldn't be difficult for them to become true Self Release experts!
This was also the reason why he had to shift the blame to the Western Paradise!
If the world knew that he, Ye Xuan, had the ability to kill a Self Release expert by himself, then everyone would target Ye Xuan.
Under such circumstances, it would be extremely disadvantageous to him and the entire Fifth Dimension.
Enemies couldn't be completely killed, but enemies could be turned into allies!
When Ye Xuan returned to the Fifth Dimension, the news that the Western Paradise had obtained the study quickly spread throughout the universe.
The Western Paradise had heavily injured Ye Xuan and then seized the study from Ye Xuan.
Simply put, the universe received a piece of information: the study was in the hands of the Western Paradise.
Ancient temple.
In the room, the ancient temple sat cross-legged on a praying mat. In front of him sat a monk. This person was the Bodhisattva from the Western Paradise.
Sa!
This person was different from Bodhisattva Ah Ku. This person had already achieved Dao!
Bodhisattva Jie Di said softly, "The world knows that the study is in my Western Paradise. However, the world doesn't know that Bodhisattva Ah Ku has already fallen."
As he said this, he looked at the abbot, "Abbot, do you know who did it?"
The abbot shook his head, "I don't know!"
Bodhisattva Jie Di smiled, "Do you not know or do you not want to say?"
The abbot put his palms together, "Bodhisattva Jie Di, as cultivators, why should we be obsessed with a Dao Scripture?"
Bodhisattva Jie Di shook his head, "It's not that I'm obsessed with the Dao Scripture, but that this scripture will break the current balance.
Any faction that obtains this scripture will break the current balance and rise above the other factions.
It's not that we Buddhists want to fight, but that we have to fight. If we don't fight, we will become fish meat, waiting to be slaughtered. "
As he said this, he looked at the abbot, "Buddhists pay attention to benevolence, but benevolence needs to be built on strength.
Without strength, we can't even protect ourselves, so how can we talk about benevolence?
If we have strength, we Buddhists can be merciful and save all living beings.
However, the prerequisite is that we have enough strength. "
The abbot was silent.
Bodhisattva Jie Di said again, "You can see through the obsession in your heart and let go of it. This is your good fortune. However, there is still obsession above obsession. Do you understand?"
The abbot put his palms together, "Bodhisattva Jie Di, I know what you mean. However, the ancient temple only wants to cultivate in peace. After all, the ancient temple doesn't have the strength to fight."
Bodhisattva Jie Di nodded, "This time, I didn't come to ask the ancient temple to do anything. Although the ancient temple cultivates Buddhism, it has its own lineage and is not bound by my Western Paradise. We will not force the ancient temple."
The abbot put his palms together, "Thank you!"
Bodhisattva Jie Di smiled, "I heard that Ye Xuan once cultivated in the ancient temple. Moreover, he has reached the state of spiritual insight. Is that true?"
Bodhisattva Jie Di nodded, "Yes, Young Master Ye is talented and has an excellent temperament."
Bodhisattva Jie Di said, "That day, Bodhisattva Ah Ku chased after him and chased him to the Dao World. In the Dao World, Young Master Ye was seriously injured and Bodhisattva disappeared. Do you think there's something fishy about this?"
The abbot nodded, "Yes!
There are two possibilities. First, Bodhisattva Ah Ku obtained the scripture and escaped! "
Bodhisattva Jie Di shook his head, "He is already dead. This is true."
The abbot was silent for a moment, then said, "Then it is the second possibility. Young Master Ye killed Bodhisattva Ah Ku and framed the Western Paradise."
Bodhisattva Jie Di said softly, "But the world thinks that this is impossible, right?"
The abbot nodded, "At present, Young Master Ye may have the strength to fight an Ultimate Self Release powerhouse, but he definitely can't kill one.
Unless … "
Bodhisattva Jie Di smiled, "Unless his strength has increased exponentially!"
The abbot nodded, "Yes."
Bodhisattva Jie Di smiled, "Looks like this Young Master Ye is not simple!"
The abbot hesitated, wanting to say something, but stopped.
Bodhisattva Jie Di said, "Abbot, please speak."
The abbot said, "Bodhisattva Jie Di, Ye Xuan is not simple!
This person treats people sincerely and is loyal. It would be a great fortune to be friends with him.
But if you were to be enemies with him … This person is as cunning as a mouse, full of tricks, and never plays by the rules. Also, he is extremely shameless … "
As he said that, he looked at Bodhisattva Jie Di, "Regardless of whether Bodhisattva Ah Ku was killed by him, the Western Paradise will now face a problem, and that is being targeted by the various worlds."
Bodhisattva Jie Di was silent.
The abbot said again, "Bodhisattva Jie Di, I have dealt with Young Master Ye before, so I will give you a suggestion.
Either be friends with him, or if you are his enemy, use all your strength to kill him, and don't give him any chance.
However, if the Realm of Ultimate Bliss were to kill him, they would have to face the Fifth Dimension's Tendo, Lady Mu, as well as the people behind her. Even if the Realm of Ultimate Bliss were to obtain the book house, they would have to face countless evil karma and evil consequences. "
Great Bodhisattva Jie Di smiled and said, "You are right.
However, my Realm of Ultimate Bliss will not give up! "
The abbot hesitated for a moment before he said, "Why not become friends with him?
If the Realm of Ultimate Bliss helps him, I believe that he will still be willing to share the Dao Scripture with the Realm of Ultimate Bliss! "
Jeddah
Bodhisattva chuckled. "He killed someone from the Western Paradise!"
The abbot looked at Bodhisattva Jiedi. "It was the Realm of Pure Land that wanted to kill him first!"
Bodhisattva Jie Di looked straight at the abbot. "But someone from the Realm of Pure Bliss is dead!
But he is still alive and well. "
The abbot said nothing.
The Realm of Ultimate Bliss clearly didn't want to admit that it was their fault. From the Realm of Ultimate Bliss' point of view, how could they admit their mistakes to a youth?
They might even think that Ye Xuan should give them the scriptures that they wanted!
Since ancient times, the strong rarely cared about the weak's thoughts.
The abbot sighed and said, "What does the Realm of Ultimate Bliss plan to do?"
Bodhisattva Jie Di smiled and said, "Currently, the biggest threat to the Realm of Ultimate Bliss isn't Ye Xuan or the Dao World.
The biggest threat to us is the Fifth Dimension Tendo.
This person went to the Godly Kingdom of Xumi and heavily injured the King of the Godly Kingdom of Xumi with one sword. This person is our biggest enemy. Because of this person, we don't dare to send Self Release Realm experts to this world, so … "
The abbot narrowed his eyes and said, "You want to kill her?"
Bodhisattva Jie Di put his palms together and said, "We have to!
As for the Dao World and the Fifth Dimension, once Lady Mu dies, whether it is Ye Xuan or the Dao World, there is nothing to worry about. "
The abbot said solemnly, "Lady Mu's strength …"
Bodhisattva Jie Di smiled and said, "We have made thorough preparations."
The abbot said softly, "What if we don't succeed?"
Jie Di smiled and said, "If the Realm of Ultimate Bliss and the Godly Kingdom of Xumi join hands, she will definitely die!"
Hearing this, the abbot's expression changed.
He didn't expect that the Realm of Ultimate Bliss and the Godly Kingdom of Xumi would join hands!
No wonder this Bodhisattva Jie Di was so calm.
The Realm of Ultimate Bliss and the Godly Kingdom of Xumi joined hands!
The abbot was shocked.
As if he thought of something, the abbot suddenly said, "It seems that the Godly Kingdom of Xumi doesn't think that the study room has fallen into the hands of the Realm of Ultimate Bliss!"
Bodhisattva Jie Di said softly, "It is not that they don't believe, but they can only choose not to believe because they want to kill Lady Mu."
Saying so, he shook his head and smiled, "The Godly Kingdom of Xumi has been established for more than 100,000 years, when has it ever suffered such humiliation?
That Lady Mu thinks she can suppress the Godly Kingdom of Xumi, but she doesn't know that she has completely offended the Godly Kingdom of Xumi!
Compared to the study room, the Godly Kingdom of Xumi wants to kill her more, to avenge this humiliation. "
The abbot sighed and clasped his hands together, he didn't want to care about these things anymore.
At this time, Bodhisattva Jie Di suddenly turned and said softly, "I have found her!"
Saying so, he took out a Buddhist scripture, "Let me recite the Rebirth Scripture for Lady Mu in advance!"
....
Five Dimensional Universe.
In a starry sky, Mu Niannian sat in front of a fire, leisurely roasting fish.
At this time, Ling Er's voice suddenly sounded, "Why do you like eating fish so much?"
Mu Niannian smiled, "I will answer this question later!"
Saying so, she looked at the end of the starry sky, "It's here again!"
Ling Er said softly, "Your injury …"
Mu Niannian smiled, "Ling Er, do you know how strong I am?"
Ling Er said, "I don't know!"
Mu Niannian stood up and stretched, smiling, "Before I met that plain-dressed woman, I would often say: Being invincible is a kind of loneliness!"
Ling Er subconsciously asked, "What happened after you met that plain-dressed woman?"
Mu Niannian blinked, then sighed, "There is actually a woman stronger than me, Mu Niannian, in this world, there is no justice, I am so angry …"
Ling Er: "…"
.....
PS: I recommend a friend's new book, < < King of the Restricted Area > >, it is a sports book, everyone who likes sports should read it!
I am also an old author, the quality of my updates is guaranteed!
Regarding the monthly votes, I have a new understanding.
I think, people should have their own goals, what do you think?





Chapter 1277
Just as Mu Niannian finished her sentence, the space in front of her suddenly split open, and a monk and a middle-aged man appeared in front of her.
The monk was Bodhisattva Jiedi, and the middle-aged man was the military god of the Godly Kingdom of Xumi, Song Zhi.
Bodhisattva Jiedi glanced at Mu Niannian, then clasped his hands together, "Greetings, Supreme Lord!"
Mu Niannian smiled, then picked up the roasted fish in front of her, and slowly gnawed on it. Eating fish was the most important thing in this world.
Bodhisattva Jiedi smiled, "Supreme Lord, we would like to invite you to a place."
Mu Niannian smiled, "I have to go, right?"
Bodhisattva Jiedi nodded, "If Supreme Lord doesn't go, we will go to the Five-Dimensional Universe.
I believe that Supreme Lord definitely doesn't want the battlefield to be in the Five-Dimensional Universe, right? "
Mu Niannian licked the roasted fish, then smiled, "Looks like I have to go."
Bodhisattva Jiedi clasped his hands together, and said, "Supreme Lord, please!"
Mu Niannian waved the roasted fish in her hands, "Can I finish it?"
Bodhisattva Jiedi glanced at Mu Niannian, then nodded, "Of course!"
At this moment, a man suddenly appeared.
This person was Ye Xuan.
The moment Ye Xuan appeared, Bodhisattva Jiedi and Song Zhi looked at him.
Bodhisattva Jiedi smiled, "Young Master Ye has a good plan. Now, the Dao World and the Six-Dimensional Universe think that the study is in the hands of the Western Paradise."
Ye Xuan sized up Bodhisattva Jiedi, then smiled, "Isn't this master in your hands?"
Bodhisattva Jiedi looked at Ye Xuan, "Young Master Ye, don't you know whether he is in the hands of the Western Paradise or not?"
Ye Xuan shook his head, "I think he is in your hands!"
Bodhisattva Jiedi shook his head, "Young Master Ye, you are clearly shameless!
I'm no match for you! "
Ye Xuan smiled and looked at Mu Niannian. Mu Niannian looked at Ye Xuan and said, "You've been doing well recently!"
Obviously, she had seen through Ye Xuan's true strength!
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "You will go, right?"
Mu Niannian smiled. "Why not?"
Ye Xuan was silent.
He had confidence in Mu Niannian's strength, but Mu Niannian had fought in the Godly Kingdom of Xumi, the Godly Kingdom of Xumi wouldn't underestimate Mu Niannian!
This time, the other party had invited Mu Niannian. Without a doubt, they were fully prepared!
Mu Niannian suddenly looked at Bodhisattva Jie Di and said with a smile, "Actually, you guys should have waited until the Fifth Dimension Tribulation. At that time, it would be more beneficial for you guys. However, I guess you guys can't wait any longer!
Am I right? "
Bodhisattva Jie Di smiled. "Miss Mu, as long as you hand over the study room and no longer care about Ye Xuan, we won't be enemies with Miss Mu."
Even the Realm of Ultimate Bliss was afraid of this Mu Niannian!
Unless they had no other choice, they wouldn't want to fight with this Mu Niannian.
Mu Niannian looked at Ye Xuan and said with a smile, "What do you think?"
Ye Xuan thought for a while and said, "Sister Nian, protect me!"
Bodhisattva Jie Di was speechless.
"Haha!"
Mu Niannian suddenly laughed. She laughed very loudly. She rarely laughed like this.
After laughing for a while, Mu Niannian pointed at Ye Xuan. "You're really an interesting guy!
Since you call me Sister Nian, I'll protect you. "
After saying that, she threw the fish bone aside and looked at Bodhisattva Jie Di and Song Zhi. "Lead the way!"
Bodhisattva Jie Di looked at Mu Niannian. "Miss Mu, please!"
After saying that, he turned and left with Song Zhi.
Mu Niannian followed, and so did Ye Xuan.
On the way, Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "Sister Nian, aren't you worried at all?"
Mu Niannian smiled. "What's there to worry about?
Are you worried to death? "
Ye Xuan was silent.
Mu Niannian smiled mischievously. "I'm very powerful!"
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "Sister Nian, why are you helping me?"
Mu Niannian smiled. "Because I'm scheming against you!"
Ye Xuan smiled bitterly. This was what Mu Niannian said to him when they first met.
Mu Niannian looked at Ye Xuan. "Do you think I'm joking with you?"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "You're scheming against me!
I'm a bachelor anyway! "
Mu Niannian smiled. "Do you know what your biggest weakness is?"
Ye Xuan asked. "What is it?"
Mu Niannian said softly: "Let your emotions affect your decisions!"
Ye Xuan was silent.
Mu Niannian patted Ye Xuan's shoulder lightly. "It's fine. People need to grow. Take it slow!"
Ye Xuan looked at Mu Niannian. "You'll be fine, right?"
Mu Niannian blinked. "Do you think I'll be fine?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Mu Niannian smiled. "Don't worry!
As long as I don't want to die, it'll be very difficult for me to die. "
Ye Xuan looked at Bodhisattva Revelation and Mu Niannian. At this moment, the killing intent in his eyes seemed to materialize.
At this moment, he really wanted to kill someone!
In his life, Ye Xuan had experienced many life-and-death separations. He did not want to experience it again.
No one could touch the people he cared about!
Thinking of this, Ye Xuan's killing intent rose. At this moment, Mu Niannian placed his right hand on Ye Xuan's shoulder. In an instant, the killing intent in Ye Xuan's heart was suppressed!
Ye Xuan looked at Mu Niannian. Mu Niannian smiled. "Do you know who's the scariest?"
Ye Xuan shook his head.
Mu Niannian smirked. "Concealing one's strength!"
Ye Xuan was silent.
Mu Niannian continued, "Actually, I can't say that it's concealing one's strength.
I feel that as a person, you must know yourself and know what you're capable of.
You'll do things according to your strength.
If a person's ambition and actions exceed the scope of his ability, then this person will definitely not have a good ending. "
As she spoke, she looked at Ye Xuan. "You think you're very strong now. At least, you can easily kill these two people in front of you, right?"
Ye Xuan looked at Bodhisattva Revelation and Mu Niannian and nodded.
He could indeed easily kill these two people!
It was worth mentioning that he and Mu Niannian did not use Xuan Qi voice transmission. However, the two people opposite them could not understand what they were talking about. This was naturally done by Mu Niannian.
Mu Niannian smiled. "Inflated!"
Ye Xuan looked at Mu Niannian. "Inflated?"
Mu Niannian nodded. "You're very inflated now!
Indeed, these two people are no match for you. However, have you ever thought about what these two people represent? "
Ye Xuan was silent.
Mu Niannian smiled. "If you easily kill them, it means that you've definitely activated the Dao Scripture. At that time, your enemies will be far more than these two people.
If you're alone, you can naturally do as you please. Once you have the intention to kill, heads will fall.
However, you're not alone. There are countless people behind you. Your every word and action will determine their fate. "
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "Is this restraint?"
Mu Niannian looked at Ye Xuan. "Do you think it's restraint?"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "I think it's responsibility!
But responsibility is restraint. "
Mu Niannian smiled. "A man should have a sense of responsibility.
The people behind you are not your restraint. Not only are they not your restraint, but they are also the source of Sword Dao power.
The heart has the intention to protect. One sword and one thought. Do you understand what I mean? "
Sword thought!
Ye Xuan nodded. "I understand!"
Mu Niannian was about to speak when Song Zhi suddenly smiled. "Are the two of you discussing how to deal with what's going to happen next?
If so … "
At this moment, Mu Niannian suddenly waved his right hand.
Boom!
Before Song Zhi could react, he was already sent flying!
His soul was destroyed!
Ye Xuan was stunned!
Bodhisattva Jiedi was also stunned!
Mu Niannian shook his head. "We're talking. Why are you interrupting? Seriously."
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Mu Niannian looked at Bodhisattva Jiedi. Bodhisattva Jiedi clasped his hands together. His voice was trembling. "Take your time. This old monk will not disturb you!"
Mu Niannian looked at Ye Xuan. He blinked and smiled mischievously. "Fists are more useful!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
After a while, Bodhisattva Jiedi brought Mu Niannian and Ye Xuan to a black hole. Bodhisattva Jiedi looked at Mu Niannian. "Miss Mu, please."
Mu Niannian nodded and walked towards the black hole.
Ye Xuan quickly followed. At this moment, Bodhisattva Jiedi suddenly said. "Young master Ye, are you sure you want to go?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Bodhisattva Jiedi looked at Mu Niannian. Mu Niannian smiled. "Let him follow!"
Bodhisattva Jiedi nodded. It was a good thing for them if Ye Xuan went in. They could wipe them all out at once!
After Mu Niannian brought Ye Xuan into the black hole, the two of them entered the Space Tunnel. The Space Tunnel here was different from the ones Ye Xuan had seen before. The Space Tunnel here was dark, and the surroundings were constantly emitting a dark aura.
Ye Xuan frowned. "Sister Nian, something is wrong!"
Mu Niannian smiled. "They probably want us to go to a battlefield!"
Ye Xuan looked at Mu Niannian. "Battlefield?"
Mu Niannian nodded. "An ancient battlefield. That battlefield is called the Battlefield of Gods. It is said that the ancient gods once fought there!"
Ye Xuan frowned. "Ancient gods?"
Mu Niannian smiled. "In this vast universe, there will always be people who call themselves gods. Of course, some are strong enough, but most are just bragging."
Ye Xuan asked. "Sister Nian, do you think the plain-dressed woman is qualified to be called a god?"
Mu Niannian shook her head.
Ye Xuan was stunned. "Not qualified?"
Mu Niannian rolled her eyes at Ye Xuan. "How can a god be stronger than her!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
At this moment, the two suddenly sped up.
Ye Xuan asked again. "Sister Nian, you are so strong. Can you beat the plain-dressed woman in the future?"
Mu Niannian was silent.
Ye Xuan looked at Mu Niannian, waiting for an answer.
Mu Niannian chuckled: "I can beat her right now!"
Ye Xuan was stunned.
Mu Niannian looked at Ye Xuan and smiled. "If I kill you now, she will definitely die.
Because you are the obsession in her heart. Once the obsession is gone, she will also be gone. "
Ye Xuan was silent.
Mu Niannian glanced at Ye Xuan and said softly. "Live well. Most of the time, we not only live for ourselves, but also for the people around us.
She has done a lot for you. Moreover, she has never told you. At times like this, you should live well, so that you can be worthy of her. "
As she spoke, she looked at the horizon. "Think about it. She is a hot-tempered person, but for you, she endured for so many years before she went to settle the score with that person … You are the Buddha in her heart, but also the demon in her heart."
Ye Xuan was about to speak when Mu Niannian suddenly said. "We are here!"
As the voice fell, the space in front of them suddenly changed.
Ye Xuan looked at Mu Niannian. "Are you confident?"
Mu Niannian looked into the distance. The corners of her mouth curled up slightly. She smiled like a little devil. "I declare that today, I, Mu Niannian, will start a massacre!"
..





Chapter 1278
God's Battlefield!
The God's Battlefield was a wasteland, the sky was dark and gloomy, with a heavy pressure.
Ye Xuan looked around, he did not see any experts from the Western Paradise or the Godly Kingdom of Sumeru.
Ye Xuan turned around, Bodhisattva Jie Di had also disappeared.
Ye Xuan's face sank.
At this time, Mu Niannian suddenly pointed far away, "Look over there."
Ye Xuan followed Mu Niannian's finger, a hundred feet in front of them, there was a stone tablet about ten feet long.
Mu Niannian smiled, "Come, let's go take a look!"
Ye Xuan nodded.
The two walked to the stone tablet, the stone tablet was ten feet tall, ten feet wide, it was a wordless stone tablet.
Ye Xuan looked at Mu Niannian, "Sister Nian, do you know what this is?"
Mu Niannian smiled without saying a word.
"Amitabha!"
At this time, a voice suddenly came from behind them.
Ye Xuan's heart skipped a beat, he did not sense anyone coming from behind.
Mu Niannian's expression was calm, as if he had already noticed.
Ye Xuan turned around. There was a monk standing in front of him. The monk put his palms together. He was wearing a golden kasaya and holding a monk's staff in his hand. He was surrounded by Buddha's light.
Behind him, there was another monk, it was Bodhisattva Jie Di who disappeared earlier.
Bodhisattva Jie Di put his palms together, "Miss Mu, Young master Ye, this is Bodhisattva Wen Tian from the Western Paradise."
Mu Niannian smiled, "The head of the Bodhisattva, Wen Tian!"
Ye Xuan looked at Mu Niannian, "Is he very powerful?"
Mu Niannian smiled, "There are seventy-two Bodhisattvas in the Western Paradise, he is the head of the Bodhisattva, his strength is not below some of the Buddhas."
Ye Xuan glanced at Bodhisattva Wen Tian, and the latter spoke softly, "Miss Mu, my Western Paradise does not wish to be enemies with you!"
Mu Niannian blinked. "The premise is that I hand over the study room and then don't intervene in Ye Xuan's affairs, right?"
Bodhisattva Wen Tian nodded, "Yes!"
Mu Niannian shook his head and smiled. "Big Monk, I have something to say. I know you won't listen, but I still want to say it."
Bodhisattva Wen Tian puts his palms together, "Miss Mu, please speak."
Mu Niannian smiled and said, "I'm stopping you from killing him for your own good. Really, if you really kill him, the consequences will be very serious."
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Bodhisattva Wen Tian put his palms together and said expressionlessly, "Miss, are you referring to the woman in the plain dress?"
Mu Niannian gave him a thumbs up. "You're a smart monk!"
Bodhisattva Wen Tian glanced at Ye Xuan and said, "How strong is the woman in the plain dress compared to Miss Mu?"
Mu Niannian blinked and said seriously, "If she's especially serious, she should be able to kill me in one strike. If she's not serious, I might be able to withstand two strikes."
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Bodhisattva Wen Tian looked at Mu Niannian. "Miss, you must be joking!"
Clearly, he did not believe her.
Mu Niannian laughed and said, "Yes, I'm joking!
Me and her, 50/50! "
50/50!
Bodhisattva Wen Tian said softly, "50/50 … let's call it 60/40!
She's 6, Miss Mu you're 4. "
Mu Niannian blinked and did not speak.
Bodhisattva Wen Tian put his palms together. "Miss Mu, my Western Paradise is not weak either."
Mu Niannian smiled. "I know you're not weak!"
Saying that, she looked at Ye Xuan. "I don't know why, but every time I tell the truth, no one believes me. But when I tell lies, people believe me. Don't you think it's strange?!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
At this moment, a man holding a sword suddenly appeared in the sky.
The man was wearing a white robe, spotless and snow-white. His hair was tied into a ponytail and there were two bangs on his forehead. There was also a white ribbon wrapped around his forehead.
Swordsman!
When this man appeared, the surrounding space suddenly trembled. Then, a formless sword aura appeared out of nowhere.
Mu Niannian smiled. "Godly Kingdom of Xumi's Immortal Sword Sect's Sect Leader Liu Junbai!"
Liu Junbai!
White Clothed Sword Immortal Liu Junbai, the most monstrous Swordsman in the history of Godly Kingdom of Xumi. At 22 years old, he had reached the unrestrained sword heart and was known as the number one sword in Xumi Realm!
Liu Junbai faced Mu Niannian and nodded slightly.
In front of Mu Niannian, even the number one sword in Xumi Realm did not dare to be disrespectful.
Because when he faced Mu Niannian, Mu Niannian was like a vast starry sky, unfathomable.
Mu Niannian glanced at the two of them. "Just the two of you?"
Bodhisattva Wen Tian looked at Mu Niannian. "Is it not enough?"
Mu Niannian smiled and asked, "Is it enough?"
Bodhisattva Wen Tian clasped his hands together. "Looks like it's not enough!"
As his voice fell, eighteen monks suddenly appeared behind him. These eighteen monks held black rods and their auras were one. They stood there like one person.
Mu Niannian smiled. "Eighteen ancient arhats!
Interesting! "
Saying that, she looked up at Liu Junbai. "What about you?"
Liu Junbai opened his palm and a sword flew into his hand. "A sword is enough."
Mu Niannian turned to look at Ye Xuan. "Don't make a move. I'll do it myself. Do you understand?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Okay!"
Saying that, he was about to retreat to the side.
Mu Niannian suddenly smiled. "No need. Just beside me."
Ye Xuan glanced at Mu Niannian and nodded. "Okay!"
Mu Niannian looked at Bodhisattva Wen Tian and smiled. "Which one of you will make a move first?"
Just as Bodhisattva Wen Tian was about to speak, Liu Junbai in the sky suddenly said, "Please enlighten me!"
Saying that, he suddenly opened his palm. The sword in his hand leaped up like a bolt of lightning and chopped down.
A Thunderclap Sword!
It was a very simple flying sword move, but the powerful sword force contained within it was like a torrential flood that shook the heavens and earth.
Sword force!
The force of this sword could not be withstood by heaven and earth!
What a formidable Swordsman!
Ye Xuan's expression gradually became solemn as he gazed at the sword in the sky.
Mu Niannian who stood by Ye Xuan's side grinned. "It's not easy to cultivate sword force to such an extent!"
She suddenly pressed her fingers together, and this move directly clamped down on the flying sword!
Moreover, the powerful sword force within the flying sword was completely dispersed by the strength of her fingers!
Liu Junbai fell silent for an instant, and then he suddenly opened his hands. "Borrow the sword!"
As soon as he finished speaking, the space behind him suddenly trembled. In the next moment, countless flying swords suddenly flew out from the trembling space, and there were at least a few tens of thousands of flying swords behind Liu Junbai!
Every single sword contained a powerful Sword Intent and Sword Force!
The entire heavens and the earth trembled when these tens of thousands of flying swords appeared!
Ye Xuan's expression grew even more solemn. These flying swords weren't just numerous, they were very strong as well. Moreover, every single one of them contained powerful sword force and sword intent. It was extremely terrifying to be able to control so many flying swords and fuse them with sword intent and sword intent.
But there was a flaw, and that was that even though it had the quantity, it lacked the quality.
Right at this moment, Liu Junbai suddenly pressed his fingers together and pointed at Mu Niannian. "Fuse!"
Bang!
The tens of thousands of flying swords suddenly fused into one behind Liu Junbai. In an instant, the space in an area of a few tens of thousands of kilometers cracked apart, and the cracks were spreading towards the surroundings at an extremely terrifying speed!
This expanse of the heavens and the earth couldn't endure this attack at all!
Liu Junbai suddenly grabbed the sword in his right hand, and then he plunged down from the sky.
As he charged forward, Liu Junbai's figure gradually became illusory!
One with the sword!
At this moment, Liu Junbai was the sword, and the sword was Liu Junbai!
Ye Xuan gazed at Liu Junbai who was charging down and asked himself, Can I resist this attack?
No!
My physical body can't!
However, if I use my full strength, I can resist this attack. However, I can only resist this attack!
This was the full strength of a peerless Swordsman!
He used his full strength right from the start!
Ye Xuan gazed at Mu Niannian. Mu Niannian gazed at the attack with a calm expression. She suddenly looked at Ye Xuan and said, "I'll show you what true sword force is!"
As soon as she finished speaking, an illusory sword suddenly appeared above her head.
Bang!
The instant the illusory sword appeared, Liu Junbai and his sword were forced to stop in midair!
Ye Xuan, Bodhisattva Wen Tian, and the others were all stunned!
Because they couldn't sense Mu Niannian's sword force!
In the sky, Liu Junbai's brows were tightly knit together, and his expression was extremely solemn.
He couldn't slash down with this attack!
Because his sword had been blocked by Mu Niannian's sword force!
Below, Mu Niannian smiled and said, "Your sword force still cares about form and is still within this world. Although the world can't withstand your sword, your sword is still trapped by the world.
And my sword is no longer within this world! "
As she spoke, the corners of her mouth curled up slightly. "My sword is above the heavens."
As soon as she finished speaking, the sword above her head suddenly flew out.
In the sky, Liu Junbai's expression changed drastically. He gripped his sword with both hands and slashed forward.
He used his full strength in this slash.
Monstrous sword force swept through the world!
And as Mu Niannian's sword arrived, the powerful sword force instantly disappeared without a trace. The sword directly pierced through Liu Junbai's forehead!
One slash!
A sword immortal of a generation had fallen!
In the distance, Bodhisattva Wen Tian put his palms together and said softly, "Realm suppression!"
This wasn't just Sword Dao realm suppression, but also Liu Junbai's own realm suppression!
Liu Junbai's realm was above Self Release, but it was clear that Liu Junbai's realm was not truly above Self Release!
Mu Niannian's realm was not fake at all!
Just like the sword just now, this sword was no longer within the dao!
But Liu Junbai's sword was still within the dao!
This was the difference in their essence!
In the sky, Liu Junbai's body gradually became illusory. He said softly, "Is this true Self Release …"
Below, Mu Niannian smiled and said, "Do you think it's very difficult?"
Liu Junbai asked in response, "Is it not difficult?"
Mu Niannian laughed and said, "I have a question. Why did you come here today?"
Liu Junbai said softly, "Dao scripture!"
Mu Niannian looked at Liu Junbai and said, "When a Swordsman places his hopes on external objects, he is finished!"
Liu Junbai said softly, "True Self Release is very difficult."
Mu Niannian smiled and said, "I think it's very simple!"
Liu Junbai was stunned and then asked, "Why do you think it's simple?"
The corners of Mu Niannian's mouth lifted slightly. "Because I read books, because I study. I know what Tendo is, what the Grand Dao is. You don't even know what the Grand Dao is, so how can you escape?"
Liu Junbai was silent for a long time. He looked at Ye Xuan and said, "Do you often read books and study?"
Clearly, he had sensed Ye Xuan's true realm.
Ye Xuan hesitated and shook his head.
Liu Junbai looked at Mu Niannian. Mu Niannian was expressionless and said, "He has a backer. Do you have one?"
Liu Junbai was stunned and then shook his head.
.....
PS: I thought I could completely let go of the monthly votes, but I suddenly discovered that I can't let go of this obsession in my heart!
People must have something to pursue!
If I give up on even the monthly votes, then what is the point of writing?
I don't want to earn money from the monthly votes. I just want to make writing more meaningful.
The monthly votes are an obsession, but also the motivation to write. I can't easily give up!
So, please vote!





Chapter 1279
Mu Niannian shook her head when she saw Liu Junbai take his last breath. "How can you compare yourself to someone who has a backer?"
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment, and then he said, "Sister Nian, I didn't rely on anyone to reach Self Release!"
Mu Niannian looked at Ye Xuan. "Did that Ye Zhiming help you?"
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "She is not my backer!"
Mu Niannian said, "Why did she follow you and help you?"
Ye Xuan was stunned. He really hadn't thought about this question.
Mu Niannian said, "Because she wanted to borrow the strength of the person behind you!"
Ye Xuan frowned slightly. "A woman in a plain dress?"
Mu Niannian rolled her eyes at Ye Xuan. "What else do you think?"
Ye Xuan fell silent.
Mu Niannian said, "Am I considered your backer?"
Ye Xuan hurriedly nodded. "Yes!"
Mu Niannian smiled. "Then did I wrongly accuse you?"
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment, and then he shook his head. "No!
Sister Nian, is it really because of reading and studying that you reached the true Release One realm? "
Mu Niannian smiled. "What do you think?"
Ye Xuan fell silent.
Mu Niannian said in a soft voice, "Self Release refers to escaping from the Grand Dao and becoming the one outside the Grand Dao.
However, many people don't even know what the Grand Dao is!
Since they don't know the Grand Dao, how did they escape? "
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "But I …"
Mu Niannian suddenly said, "Did you really escape from the Grand Dao?"
Ye Xuan looked at Mu Niannian. Mu Niannian smiled. "Strictly speaking, you can't be considered to have truly escaped from the Grand Dao!"
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "How is that possible …"
Mu Niannian smiled and said, "There are actually three realms of Self Release. The first is what the world calls false Self Release. I won't say much about this.
The second type is like you. You have indeed escaped from the Great Dao, but you have escaped from the Great Dao. "
Ye Xuan frowned. "What do you mean?"
Mu Niannian said, "The third is Dao Validation!
Escaping from the Great Dao could only mean escaping from the scope of the Great Dao. Proving the Dao referred to the fusion of oneself and the Dao after thoroughly understanding the Great Dao.
Self Release, in reality, is still within the dao. However, few people can corroborate the dao, merge themselves with this dao. "
As she spoke, she gazed at the spot where Liu Junbai had perished earlier, and she said with a smile, "Do you know why his sword move was useless against me?
Because I've already attained the Dao, and I'm one with everything in the world. How could the might of a single person shake the might of the world? "
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "What about breaking the Dao?"
Mu Niannian looked at Ye Xuan and said with a smile, "You even know about breaking the Dao. Looks like that woman told you a lot of things!"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Mu Niannian smiled and said, "Breaking the Dao refers to surpassing the Dao, standing above the Dao, truly not within the rules."
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Then what do they mean by above Self Release?"
Mu Niannian shook her head and smiled, "What they mean by above Self Release is actually to corroborate the Dao.
However, most of them don't know what true Self Release and corroborate the Dao are! "
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Why?"
Mu Niannian smiled and said, "Because the Dao scriptures were not complete back then. Whether it was the Divine Kingdom of Xumi or other places, the Dao scriptures obtained were not complete. Therefore, very few people could attain true Self Release and corroborate the Dao."
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "In that case, the Dao scriptures are the origin of the Martial Dao?"
Mu Niannian looked at Ye Xuan, "There are two kinds of cultivators in the world. The first is the cultivators of the Dao scriptures. The second is outside of the Dao scriptures."
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Plain dressed woman …"
Mu Niannian nodded, "She is outside of the Dao scriptures. Therefore, she has no realm. Her strength is not restricted by the rules of the Dao scriptures. Because she has no realm."
Hearing this, Ye Xuan understood.
No wonder he had asked the plain dressed woman what level she had reached. She never said it!
She didn't even have a realm, so how could she say it!
As if he thought of something, Ye Xuan suddenly turned to look at Bodhisattva Wen Tian and the others not far away.
Mu Niannian did not hide his words just now. Therefore, Bodhisattva Wen Tian and the others heard it clearly.
Bodhisattva Wen Tian looked at Mu Niannian and put his palms together, "Listening to this lady's words today is better than a hundred years of cultivation!"
Mu Niannian smiled, "Looks like you have comprehended something, great monk!"
Bodhisattva Wen Tian nodded, "Yes!"
At this moment, he was extremely shocked!
Someone outside of the Dao scriptures!
The plain dressed woman is outside of the Dao scriptures. This person in front of me is also outside of the Dao scriptures …
Mu Niannian suddenly smiled, "Do you know why I told you this?"
Bodhisattva Wen Tian looked at Mu Niannian and put his palms together, "Leave!"
The 18 ancient arhats did not leave!
Bodhisattva Wen Tian said again, "Send a message back."
Hearing this, the 18 people understood.
They seriously underestimated Mu Niannian's realm and strength!
This woman is not someone ordinary people can deal with.
The 18 ancient arhats turned around and left.
Mu Niannian smiled, "It's a bit too late to escape now!"
Bodhisattva Wen Tian looked at Mu Niannian, put his palms together, and silently chanted. Soon, countless golden scriptures flew out of his mouth, and in an instant, these scriptures covered heaven and earth.
Mu Niannian chuckled, "The Buddhist's' Golden Mouth and Jade Words' is quite interesting.
Unfortunately, your Buddhist dharma is not enough. You're dreaming if you want to trap me with this world! "
As she spoke, she gently waved her right hand, and the golden scriptures between heaven and earth directly collapsed. At this moment, a sword ray pierced through the sky, and at the end of the distant horizon, 18 heads fell to the ground.
Instant kill!
Seeing this scene, Ye Xuan's expression was extremely solemn.
Realm suppression!
This is true realm suppression!
In front of this realm, all magical techniques are useless!
Ye Xuan knew that even if he used that Dao scripture martial art on Mu Niannian, he would still be crushed and instantly killed!
Mu Niannian has already proven her Dao. To a certain extent, she is no longer within the scope of Dao scripture.
If I encounter an expert of this level, I'm afraid I won't be able to fight back!
Bodhisattva Wen Tian stared at Mu Niannian. At this moment, he finally felt how terrifying Mu Niannian is!
Dao Validation!
Although it is only a realm difference, this realm difference is truly like heaven and earth!
With the realm suppression, all magical techniques are useless!
Bodhisattva Wen Tian put his palms together, "Miss Mu is truly an extraordinary person!"
Mu Niannian smiled, "Master, take care!"
Bodhisattva Wen Tian bowed slightly, and in the next moment, his head flew out, and blood spurted out like a fountain!
The moment Bodhisattva Wen Tian's head flew out, a thumb-sized golden pearl floated out.
Ye Xuan was a little surprised, "Sister Nian, this is?"
Mu Niannian smiled, "This is his Buddhist golden core, known as a sarira in the secular world. Only virtuous monks would have something like this!"
As she spoke, she lightly beckoned with her right hand, and the golden core instantly flew into her hand.
Ye Xuan looked at Mu Niannian, and Mu Niannian smiled, "I can't give this to you. The Western Paradise cares a lot about this thing. If it's on you, they can use it to find you."
Ye Xuan nodded, "Sister Nian, what do we do now?"
Mu Niannian suddenly turned her head and looked at the stone tablet not far away. Just now, the heaven and earth had been destroyed, but this stone tablet was not damaged at all!
Mu Niannian pointed out with her fingers, and a strand of sword light directly slashed the stone tablet.
Chi!
The sword light slashed on the stone tablet, and left a shallow sword mark on the stone tablet.
Seeing this scene, Ye Xuan was a little shocked. What kind of strength does Mu Niannian have?
She was actually unable to destroy this stone tablet with a single sword strike!
Mu Niannian smiled, "This stone tablet is extraordinary, and it contains the Grand Dao Law!"
As she spoke, she led Ye Xuan to the front of the stone tablet. Ye Xuan looked at the stone tablet, and there was nothing on it, just a wordless stone tablet!
After looking at the stone tablet for a long time, Mu Niannian suddenly said, "Go touch it!"
Touch it!
Ye Xuan's expression was a little strange, "Sister Nian … what do you mean?"
Mu Niannian smiled, "I want to see if you have fate with this stone tablet!"
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Sister Nian can see that this stone tablet is extraordinary?"
Mu Niannian nodded, "Touch it!"
Ye Xuan nodded, he walked to the stone tablet, and placed his right hand on it, and just as his right hand touched the stone tablet —
Boom!
Ye Xuan was suddenly sent flying. He flew hundreds of feet away. When Ye Xuan stopped, he was completely dumbfounded!
His entire right arm was gone!
After all, his whole body cracked, and blood splattered!
This had almost destroyed his physical body!
Ye Xuan raised his head to look at the stone tablet, and his face was filled with confusion, "What is this thing?"
How strong was his physical body now?
Besides true Self Release Realm experts, ordinary people could not even think of harming his body.
However, that power just now had directly destroyed his physical body!
No, it was Mu Niannian who made a move!
Ye Xuan noticed that Mu Niannian had taken a step back, and Mu Niannian must have blocked a part of the power for him, otherwise, he would not have lost his arm, but would have died on the spot!
Ye Xuan walked to Mu Niannian's side, and smiled bitterly, "Sister Nian … look at me, I'm so miserable!"
Mu Niannian rolled her eyes at Ye Xuan, "Who told you to touch it!"
Ye Xuan was stunned, "Didn't you tell me to touch it?"
Mu Niannian blinked, "Did I tell you to touch it?"
Ye Xuan almost collapsed, "Did you not?"
Mu Niannian smiled sheepishly. "I was wrong just now!
What I meant was that you use a sword to touch it, use the green-robed man's sword! "
Ye Xuan looked at Mu Niannian, not saying anything.
Mu Niannian blinked, "Don't tell me you want to hit me?"
Ye Xuan's mouth twitched, and he forced a smile, "No … I don't have that thought!"
Mu Niannian stared at Ye Xuan, "I feel that you have that thought!"
Ye Xuan quickly shook his head, "No, it's my fault. I didn't understand Sister Nian's words, it's my fault."
Mu Niannian nodded, "It's good that you know you're in the wrong.
Come, continue touching it. "
Ye Xuan felt bitter in his heart!
Ye Xuan walked to the front of the stone tablet, and instead of using his hands, he took out the Sword Spirit.
Ye Xuan looked at Mu Niannian, "Sister Nian, it won't be dangerous, right?"
Mu Niannian shrugged, "It depends on whether the owner of the sword has enough face!"
Ye Xuan hesitated, and then said, "Sister Nian, why don't you touch it?
Is it because of your face … "
At this point, he seemed to have thought of something, and quickly stopped talking.
Mu Niannian gave him a half-smile, "What do you want to say?"
Ye Xuan quickly shook his head, "No, I don't want to say anything!"
With that, he turned around and pointed at the stone tablet with the Sword Spirit.
But soon, he stopped. At this time, Mu Niannian said, "Don't worry, it won't hurt the sword."
Ye Xuan was a little confused, "Sister Nian, even my body can't take it, this sword …"
Mu Niannian looked at Ye Xuan, "Brother, wake up, this sword is stronger than you!"
Ye Xuan was speechless, "…"
...





Chapter 1280
This sword is stronger than me!
Ye Xuan's expression became somewhat strange.
Mu Niannian looked at Ye Xuan, "You don't believe me?"
Ye Xuan chuckled, not saying anything.
Mu Niannian shook her head, "This sword's strength lies not in its sharpness, but in its realm."
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "Mortal realm?"
Mu Niannian nodded, "Not just any ordinary mortal, but one who has reached the peak."
Ye Xuan frowned, "What do you mean?"
Mu Niannian laughed, "Only those who have reached the peak are qualified to say that they are ordinary.
What is ordinary?
It is those who have reached the peak feel that the peak is meaningless, so they choose to be ordinary.
Many people misunderstand this word, because many people don't want to be ordinary, but they have no choice but to be ordinary.
They can't reach the peak, so they can only be ordinary, not want to be ordinary.
To put it simply, only those who have reached the peak are qualified to say that they are ordinary. "
Ye Xuan was silent.
He didn't expect that there was such a level of understanding.
Mu Niannian continued, "In the secular world, there is a saying, 'To look at a mountain is a mountain, to look at a mountain is not a mountain, and to look at a mountain is still a mountain'. This refers to a kind of realm in life, different realms view different things differently!"
Saying this, she pointed at the distant stone tablet, "It may not care about you, but it will definitely care about this sword."
Ye Xuan was somewhat curious, "Why?"
Mu Niannian chuckled, "Because this stone tablet is also extraordinary."
Ye Xuan nodded, he didn't ask anymore, turned around and pointed the sword at the stone tablet.
Bang!
The stone tablet suddenly shook violently, this time it didn't counterattack, allowing Ye Xuan to heave a sigh of relief!
He didn't want to experience that feeling again.
At this time, a line of words suddenly appeared on the stone tablet: Past, Present, Next.
Ye Xuan looked at Mu Niannian. Mu Niannian smiled and said, "It seems that the owner of this sword has some face."
Ye Xuan asked solemnly, "Sister Nian, what does this stone tablet mean?"
Mu Niannian smiled and said, "Dao Shi!"
Ye Xuan was a little curious, "What is a Dao Stone?"
Mu Niannian shook his head. "I don't know. Let's go!"
With that, she turned around and left.
Ye Xuan hurriedly followed, "You … you don't want it anymore?"
Mu Niannian looked at Ye Xuan. "You want it?"
Ye Xuan smiled sheepishly. "This … Leaving it here, exposed to the wind and the sun, isn't it a little too good?"
Mu Niannian looked at Ye Xuan and said nothing.
Ye Xuan didn't dare to smile mischievously anymore. "Sister Nian, is there a problem?"
Mu Niannian turned to look at the Dao Shi and said, "You can even encounter this thing, you really are a devil!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Mu Niannian softly said: "The Dao Stone, also known as the Stone of Three Lives. On it, there are three legendary powers, namely the past life, present life, and future life. In other words, it is the legendary Chant of Three Lives."
With that, she looked at Ye Xuan. "This thing comes from the underworld."
The underworld!
Ye Xuan was a little shocked.
He remembered that Mu Niannian said that even she didn't want to provoke that place.
Mu Niannian said again, "Because this stone was born at the beginning of the world, it received the essence of the sun and moon, and gradually gained spirituality. Later, because it comprehended the Dao, it produced two Divine Inscriptions, which divided the stone into three parts. It has the intent to devour the universe.
Later on, a Deity sealed it. That Deity, in order to prevent the stone from wreaking havoc in the universe, forcefully moved it to the Nether Realm and used the Yin Qi of the Nether Realm to suppress its demonic nature … Who would have thought that this thing would end up here?
Furthermore, you've encountered it. "
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "Could it be the Cause of Calamity?"
Mu Niannian looked at Ye Xuan. "This thing is not a good thing!"
At this moment, the Stone of Three Lives suddenly trembled violently. Soon, two blood-red Divine Inscriptions appeared on the stone, and these two Divine Inscriptions happened to divide the Stone of Three Lives into three parts!
Three extremely terrifying forces crushed toward Mu Niannian!
At this moment, the world changed drastically!
The world around them was actually dying bit by bit at this moment!
It was directly dying, just like the natural destruction of the universe. It was even more terrifying than being wiped out!
Ye Xuan's expression changed!
What kind of power was this?
Beside Ye Xuan, Mu Niannian was expressionless. She took a step forward and lightly pressed her palm forward.
Boom!
An invisible barrier blocked the three types of energy!
However, the world around her and Ye Xuan had already completely disappeared. In less than a breath's time, the entire God's Battlefield was completely gone!
At this moment, she and Ye Xuan were already surrounded by the three forces.
Ye Xuan's expression was incomparably solemn. He knew that he couldn't resist these three forces, not even with the Dao scripture martial arts. The Dao scripture martial arts were still within the scope of martial arts, but these three forces had already surpassed the scope of martial arts.
At this moment, Mu Niannian suddenly spread out her hand. "Come!"
Buzz!
A sword's cry suddenly resounded in the world. In the next moment, a sword appeared in Mu Niannian's hand.
Mu Niannian's sword stabbed out.
On the tip of the sword, a dot of sword light appeared.
Boom!
With a single strike, the three forces were instantly repelled from the Three-Lives Stone. However, the sword in Mu Niannian's hand was still there. The three forces had not disappeared. Moreover, the Three-Lives Stone's aura was even stronger than before.
However, it was firmly suppressed by a wisp of Mu Niannian's sword intent.
Mu Niannian looked at the Three-Lives Stone and smiled. "You want to fight me?
If it wasn't for the fact that you're in a difficult situation, I would have crushed you with my sword!
Past life, present life, and future life? In front of me, Mu Niannian, it's all trash! "
The Three-Lives Stone did not attack again. Clearly, it was somewhat afraid.
Ye Xuan hesitated. "Stone, let's talk?"
The Three-Lives Stone trembled slightly as if in response.
Ye Xuan looked at Mu Niannian. "What is she saying?"
Mu Niannian's face was expressionless. "She told you to scram!"
Ye Xuan flew into a rage when he heard this. This was going too far. He was just about to attack, but he quickly stopped himself.
I can't deal with this stone!
At this moment, the stone suddenly trembled again, and it seemed to be saying something.
Mu Niannian said indifferently, "It told you to scram!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Right at this moment, Xiao Ling 'er suddenly appeared by Ye Xuan's side. Xiao Ling' er looked at the Three-Lives Stone and said, "Big Brother, it said it wants to follow you!"
Follow me?
Ye Xuan was stunned, and then he looked at Mu Niannian.
Mu Niannian blinked. "Why are you looking at me?"
Ye Xuan's face darkened. "Sister Nian, didn't you say it told me to scram?"
Mu Niannian looked at Ye Xuan with a puzzled expression. "Did I say that?"
As soon as she finished speaking, the corners of her mouth curled up slightly into a naughty smile.
Ye Xuan's eyelids twitched when he saw this, and he hurriedly said, "No, you didn't. I misheard you!"
Xiao Ling 'er raised her head to look at Ye Xuan, and she was slightly puzzled. "Big Brother, Big Sister told you to scram!
Why did you lie?
Are you afraid of being beaten up by Big Sister? Is that why you lied? "
Ye Xuan glared at Xiao Ling 'er. "Hurry up and refine the pill!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he tossed Xiao Ling 'er into the Prison Pagoda.
When did this Xiao Ling 'er become so mischievous?
Ye Xuan looked at Mu Niannian. "Sister Nian, you don't want it to follow me, right?"
Mu Niannian nodded.
Ye Xuan smiled. "Alright, then I don't want it!
Let's go! "
Mu Niannian shook her head. "It's not a matter of whether you want it or not!"
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "Is it going to force itself to follow me?"
In the distance, the Stone of Three Lives suddenly trembled, and the two Divine Veins on its surface trembled.
Mu Niannian looked at Ye Xuan. "Do you see that? If you don't let it follow you, it's going to beat you to death!"
Ye Xuan: "F * ck …"
Mu Niannian looked at the Stone of Three Lives. After a long time, she said in a low voice, "Let it follow me!"
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "Will it listen to my commands?"
Mu Niannian looked at Ye Xuan. "You're dreaming!
It wants to follow you, not because it likes you, but because it wants to use you! "
Ye Xuan was puzzled. "Use me for what?"
Mu Niannian calmly replied, "You have the Calamity Karma on you, but you also have great luck. This great luck was brought to you by the person behind you. He followed you precisely because he wanted to borrow your great luck. That Ye Zhiming is the same."
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "So you're saying that it wants a good life without working?"
Mu Niannian nodded. "That's right!"
Ye Xuan: "…"
Mu Niannian said, "Let's go!"
Saying so, she turned and left.
At this time, the Stone of Three Lives suddenly appeared in front of Ye Xuan. Looking at the Stone of Three Lives, Ye Xuan was speechless.
This guy wants to force itself to follow me!
But it doesn't matter. Although it doesn't want to work for now, I can slowly sway it!
At this thought, Ye Xuan felt relieved. Just like that, he brought the Stone of Three Lives into the Prison Pagoda.
After leaving the God's Battlefield, Mu Niannian disappeared, while Ye Xuan headed to the Dao World.
Somewhere in the starry sky, Mu Niannian walked slowly with a trace of worry in her eyes.
At that moment, Ling 'er's voice was heard. "What's wrong?"
Mu Niannian looked at her hand. She didn't know when a shallow red line had appeared in it.
After a long silence, Mu Niannian shook her head. "This guy can get involved in the Netherworld just by fighting … He's too damn good at stirring up trouble!
Who can stand against him? "
Then, she shook her head and disappeared.
...
When Ye Xuan arrived in the Dao World, he immediately found Jiang Yu and Li Qing.
In the hall.
Jiang Yu looked at Ye Xuan's empty right shoulder. "Young Master Ye, are you saying that they have already attacked you?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes."
Li Qing suddenly asked, "How did you escape from their hands?"
Ye Xuan smiled bitterly. "Mu Niannian attacked!
However, she is seriously injured and can't attack for a while! "
Li Qing and Jiang Yu exchanged glances. Jiang Yu said in a deep voice, "Young Master Ye, what are your plans next?"
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "They definitely won't let it go. In that case, why don't we take the initiative to attack?"
Upon hearing that, Jiang Yu's eyelids twitched. "Are you talking about attacking the Realm of Bliss?"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "We can't attack the Realm of Bliss, but we can ambush them. As long as they come looking for me, we can kill them directly."
Jiang Yu and Li Qing were silent.
Ye Xuan said, "They came looking for me because they can't open the Dao Scripture … Both of you, if I can't stop them, I can only choose to compromise and open the Dao Scripture for them. This way, I might have a chance of survival!"
What he meant was that if they didn't help him, he would surrender.
.....
PS: Asking for votes!
His monthly votes did not increase, and he was terrified!





Chapter 1281
Jiang Yu and Li Qing naturally understood Ye Xuan's words. They exchanged a look and Jiang Yu said solemnly, "Young Master Ye, don't worry. Since we've formed an alliance, we'll naturally advance and retreat together."
Li Qing glanced at Ye Xuan but didn't say anything.
She had never trusted Ye Xuan.
She even felt that the study was still in Ye Xuan's hands. Of course, she had no proof.
However, she had always been wary of Ye Xuan.
About an hour later, Ye Xuan left Immortal Pavilion.
When he left, he had a satisfied smile on his face.
...
Godly Kingdom of Xumi.
In a small hall within the palace, the Godly Lord of Xumi sat quietly without saying a word.
He just received news that Liu Junbai had fallen!
The Immortal Sword Sect's Super Sword Immortal was dead!
Moreover, he also received news from the Realm of Pure Bliss that Bodhisattva Wen Tian and the others had also fallen.
Godly Lord Xumi's face was dark.
After a long time, a complicated look flashed in Godly Lord Xumi's eyes. "What a Fifth Dimension Tendo!
I still underestimated him! "
Just how strong was Mu Niannian?
At this moment, Godly Lord Xumi was uncertain.
At this time, a monk in cloth robes suddenly appeared in the hall. The monk wore a kasaya and held an oil lamp in his hand.
Godly Lord Xumi looked at the monk. When he saw the monk, he was slightly startled. He stood up and bowed. "Buddha Burning Heart!"
Buddha!
In the Realm of Pure Bliss, Buddha was above Bodhisattva.
Buddha Burning Heart placed his palms together and said softly, "That young lady should have reached the legendary Dao Confirming Realm!"
Dao Confirming Realm!
Godly Lord Xumi's face gradually turned solemn. "A true Dao Confirming Realm?"
Buddha Burning Heart nodded. "She is a true Void Descent, a true Dao Confirming Realm without any flaws."
Godly Lord Xumi was silent, his heart filled with shock.
Buddha Burning Heart said softly, "I didn't expect a Tendo to reach Dao Confirming Realm …"
As he spoke, a complicated look flashed across his eyes.
A Tendo, not only was he a true Self Release, he was also at the Dao Confirming Realm. This not only exceeded the Godly Kingdom of Xumi's expectations, it also exceeded the World of Bliss' expectations.
God Lord Xumi shook his head, he also didn't expect a Tendo to be more terrifying than a human.
Proving the Way!
Proving the Dao without any pretense!
God Lord Xumi sighed helplessly.
The Godly Kingdom of Xumi didn't have a single expert of this level ah!
Currently, the highest realm known in the Godly Mt. Xumi was False Dao, and that was the kind with a slight overstatement.
Because to date, there was not a single true Self Release realm expert in the entire Godly Kingdom of Xumi, not to mention a true Dao Confirming realm expert!
A moment later, God Lord Xumi looked at Buddha Ancestor Searing Heart, "Grandmaster, it looks like we have to give up."
A true Dao Confirming expert, this kind of person was enough to make the Godly Kingdom of Xumi despair!
Although the dao scripture was tempting, it depended on who was holding it. In the hands of someone like Mu Niannian, the Godly Kingdom of Xumi had no intention of snatching it away.
Their lives were more important!
As if reading God Lord Xumi's thoughts, Buddha Ancestor Searing Heart suddenly said, "Your Majesty, do not be discouraged. That Miss is entangled by the Cause of Misfortune, she can't even protect herself now!"
God Lord Xumi frowned, "Cause of Misfortune?"
Buddha Ancestor Searing Heart nodded, "According to what we know, that Young Master Ye has the Cause of Misfortune, the first Cause of Misfortune since ancient times. Those who have this Cause of Misfortune will be entangled by karma and misfortune.
Those related to him will also be affected.
The Cause of Misfortune.
That Miss Mu is not only related to him, but she also forcefully interfered in his matters, blocking the Cause of Misfortune for him. The current her is entangled by the Cause of Misfortune, moreover, she might be injured! "
An injured body!
God Lord Xumi hastened to ask, "Why do you say so?"
Buddha Ancestor Searing Heart answered softly, "My Buddhist Family's Almighty Expert deduced it. According to what we know, she has blocked no less than five Fifth Dimensional Tribulations for the Five Dimensional Universe. This Fifth Dimensional Tribulation is not only a heavenly tribulation, but also a tribulation of the human heart. She must have suffered a backlash."
God Lord Xumi shook his head, "She is so powerful, how could she have suffered a backlash?"
Buddha Ancestor Searing Heart was silent for a long time, then said, "She might not have been this powerful in the past!"
God Lord Xumi was silent.
Buddha Ancestor Searing Heart continued, "A new Fifth Dimensional Tribulation is about to arrive!
If she still wants to protect the Five Dimensional Universe, then that will be our best chance! "
God Lord Xumi was silent.
There was a huge risk in continuing to target Mu Niannian.
No force could withstand the revenge of a Dao Vindication expert!
Buddha Ancestor Searing Heart looked at God Lord Xumi, "Is God Lord thinking of giving up?"
God Lord Xumi was silent.
Buddha Ancestor Searing Heart placed his palms together, "God Lord, have you ever thought that if that Ye Xuan really opens the study room, that Miss Mu will obtain the Dao Scripture …"
Hearing this, God Lord Xumi's expression changed.
Buddha Ancestor Searing Heart said softly, "We have no path of retreat, because there is no path in front of us. If we don't advance, we will die, and this Dao Scripture is our only hope."
God Lord Xumi was silent for a long time, then said, "Buddha Ancestor Searing Heart, is there any way to bring forward the Fifth Dimensional Tribulation?"
Burning Heart nodded, "There is!"
....
When Ye Xuan returned to the Five Dimensional Universe, An Lanxiu and Lian Wanli were still in seclusion. The two of them were inheriting the martial arts inheritance of the white-robed old man. He believed that when the two girls came out, their strength would definitely undergo a huge change.
Wine, Situ, and Aro were also in seclusion. The three of them had actually reached Release One before, but it wasn't true Release One.
But now, with Ye Zhiming's guidance, the three of them began to advance to true Release One!
Once An Lanxiu, Situ, and the others reached true Release One, the overall strength of the Five Dimensional Universe would undergo an earth-shattering change!
...
In a courtyard, Ye Zhiming looked at the Dao Scripture that Ye Xuan took out, silent.
Ye Xuan looked at Ye Zhiming, "Miss Ye, does this thing really come from the netherworld?"
Ye Zhiming turned to look at Ye Xuan, sighing, "He really is the most unlucky person in history!"
Ye Xuan: "…"
Ye Zhiming looked at the Dao Scripture, a trace of fear in his eyes, "This thing is a treasure of the netherworld, the Three Birth Art contained within it is said to be the second heart sutra since ancient times …"
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "What is the first heart sutra?"
Ye Zhiming looked at Ye Xuan, "Dao Scripture Heart Sutra, the ninth volume of the Dao Scripture is the core of the Dao Scripture, which is also the heart sutra."
Dao Scripture Heart Sutra!
Ye Xuan chuckled, "This Three Birth Art is very powerful, right?"
Ye Zhiming looked at Ye Xuan, "Is there something wrong with your brain?"
Ye Xuan's face darkened, "Why are you scolding people?"
Ye Zhiming pointed at the Three Birth Stone, "Do you know what this thing will bring?"
Ye Xuan hesitated, then said, "Bring trouble to the netherworld?"
Ye Zhiming was expressionless, "The position of this thing in the netherworld is equivalent to the position of the Dao Scripture in our world of the living!"
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "Then I will return it to them?
”
Ye Zhiming sneered, "I'm afraid it's not that simple!"
At this moment, the Three Birth Stone suddenly trembled, and the two Divine Inscriptions on it appeared again!
Seeing this, Ye Xuan's eyelids twitched, and he hurriedly said, "No!
No! "
Hearing this, the Divine Inscriptions on the Three Birth Stone gradually disappeared.
Seeing this, Ye Xuan immediately heaved a sigh of relief. Damn, this guy doesn't want to go back to the netherworld!
What should I do?
If I let this stone go back, it will kill me, if I don't let it go back, the netherworld will kill me …
And I can't do anything to this stone!
I shouldn't have provoked this stupid thing in the first place!
At this moment, Ye Zhiming suddenly said, "This stone escaped from the netherworld!
I have to say, it is very powerful, escaping from the netherworld to the living world, and hiding for so many years! "
Speaking of this, she glanced at Ye Xuan, "This guy is the opposite of the netherworld, possessing it is equivalent to opposing the netherworld."
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "I don't want to provoke the netherworld!"
Ye Zhiming was puzzled, "Then why are you bringing it?"
Ye Xuan smiled bitterly, "Miss Ye, it wants to follow me!"
After a long silence, Ye Zhiming said softly, "I understand!
It wants to use it to fight against the netherworld! "
Ye Xuan hurriedly shook his head, "I don't agree!"
"Is it useful?"
Ye Zhiming looked at Ye Xuan, "It won't leave, do you have a way?"
Ye Xuan fell silent.
He really has no way!
Ye Zhiming said coldly, "We can't offend the netherworld, but let me tell you, we can't even offend it now.
Other than that Miss Mu, there is no one in this universe who can suppress it!
And if it wants to risk its life, that Miss Mu might not be able to do anything to it! "
Saying so, she sized up Ye Xuan, "It doesn't have much ability, but its ability to cause trouble is not small."
Ye Xuan fell silent.
Actually, he felt wronged, he really didn't want to provoke this thing, it was this thing that insisted on following him!
It can only be said that disaster fell from the sky.
Ye Zhiming suddenly said, "Do you know about the netherworld?"
Ye Xuan shook his head, "I've heard of it, but I don't know the specifics!"
Ye Zhiming looked at Ye Xuan, "I can tell you responsibly, that place is not to be provoked!
Because there are true Self Release realm experts and Dao Confirming realm experts there. This is not the most terrifying thing, the most terrifying thing is that they have experts above Dao Confirming realm! "
Above Dao Confirming realm!
Hearing this, Ye Xuan's eyelids twitched, damn, this is playing me to death!
Should I give this thing to the Realm of Pure Land and the Godly Kingdom of Xumi?
Ye Xuan felt that it was a feasible idea.
Ye Zhiming was about to speak, but a voice suddenly resounded. "Hmph!"
Ye Xuan and Ye Zhiming suddenly turned to look at the Rock of Three Lives. Meanwhile, a little girl walked out from within the rock. She was around 15 or 16 years old, wore a black dress, and had a ponytail that reached her hips.
She had a pretty face, but her gaze was very sharp, and she was staring coldly at Ye Xuan.
As soon as the little girl appeared, the Rock of Three Lives suddenly vanished without a trace.
Ye Xuan's eyelids twitched when he saw the little girl. She's probably the Equipment Spirit of the Rock of Three Lives!
Ye Zhiming gazed at the little girl in silence.
She wasn't afraid of the little girl, but she was afraid that the little girl would act rashly. She was especially afraid that the little girl would bring the netherworld to her ….
...





Chapter 1282
The little girl had her hands behind her back as she walked slowly over to Ye Xuan and Ye Zhiming. She sized up Ye Zhiming and laughed coldly, "What's so great about the Netherworld?"
As she spoke, she gazed at Ye Xuan, "Don't be afraid of the Netherworld. It's just so-so. If they dare to come looking for me …. Right, if they dare to come looking for me, then we'll kill them!"
Ye Xuan glanced at her and said, "Err …. Can you not follow me?"
The little girl immediately glared at Ye Xuan and clenched her fists, "Are you trying to drive me away?"
As soon as she finished speaking, three types of extremely powerful energy suddenly appeared here, and the world here instantly became illusory!
This energy was sufficient to obliterate this entire world!
Ye Xuan hurriedly said, "No, I have no intention of driving you away!
No, I really don't! "
Ye Zhiming glanced at Ye Xuan, "How cowardly!"
Ye Xuan glared at Ye Zhiming. Dammit, it's easier said than done!
Meanwhile, the little girl withdrew her energy, took a deep breath, and then forced a kind smile onto her face as she gazed at Ye Xuan, "The Netherworld really isn't scary!
It's true! "
Ye Xuan gazed at her in silence.
The little girl spoke seriously, "Don't be afraid of the Netherworld. The people there are weak like chickens. If you go there, then you'll just be slaughtering indiscriminately!"
Ye Xuan still didn't speak. Bullshit, keep bullshitting me.
The little girl blinked and continued, "If you don't believe me, I can take you to the Netherworld. We'll kill the Lord of the Netherworld and become its ruler!"
Ye Xuan's eyelids twitched. Dammit! She's trying to trick me into attacking the Netherworld!
The little girl gazed at Ye Xuan and blinked, "Do you want to be the ruler of the Netherworld?"
Ye Xuan hurriedly shook his head.
The little girl flared up, "Why are you so cowardly?"
Ye Xuan was flabbergasted.
The little girl glared at Ye Xuan. "If you don't have a dream, what's the difference between you and a salted fish?"
Ye Xuan: "…"
The little girl was furious. She paced back and forth a few times before glaring at Ye Xuan. "The Underworld is really weak, really!
Go and get that woman. We're going to attack the Underworld! "
That woman was naturally Mu Niannian!
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment before he said, "If the Netherworld is so weak, then I'll go myself!"
The little girl blinked and said, "I'm not going!"
Ye Xuan asked, "Why?"
The little girl said, "This is a secret, don't ask!"
Ye Xuan: What the hell …
At that moment, the little girl took out a map. She opened it and said, "Look, this is the map of the Netherworld. I've already planned everything.
We will enter the Gates of Hell and kill our way to Fengdu City. Then, we will stab the Lord of the Underworld to death.
That way, we will be the Lord of the Underworld. The entire Underworld will be yours. It's very simple! "
Ye Xuan was silent. Damn, does this woman think that I'm stupid?
Ye Zhiming looked at the map and said, "This is indeed the map of the Underworld."
As she said, she looked at the little girl. "You want to attack the Underworld?"
The little girl nodded and said temptingly, "Do you want to come along?"
Ye Zhiming looked at the little girl. "Aren't we a little too few?"
The little girl thought for a moment before she looked at Ye Xuan. "Then call more people!"
Ye Xuan's face darkened. Is this woman a devil?
Ye Zhiming suddenly said, "What do you think of his strength?"
The little girl looked at
Ye Xuan and shook her head. "No!"
Ye Zhiming said, "Can he beat the Lord of the Underworld?"
The little girl shook her head. "No!
But … "
As she said, she looked at Ye Xuan. "Take out that sword!"
Ye Xuan knew what sword the little girl was talking about. He took out the green-robed man's sword.
The little girl pointed at the sword. "The owner of this sword can beat the Lord of the Underworld!
Let's call him along! "
Ye Xuan's mouth twitched. Damn, so this woman is after Mu Niannian and the green-robed man.
Ye Zhiming looked at the green-robed man's sword and said, "The owner of this sword is not here."
The little girl frowned. "Then where is he?"
Ye Zhiming looked at Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "In a faraway place!"
The little girl asked, "How far?"
Ye Xuan said, "Yes, very, very far away!"
The little girl asked again, "How far is very, very far?"
Ye Xuan was completely speechless.
This woman is better at asking questions than me!
Ye Xuan thought for a moment and said, "I think it's not impossible to attack the Underworld, but we should take our time and make the plan more perfect. What do you think?"
The little girl blinked in excitement. "You want to attack the Underworld too?"
Ye Xuan's mouth twitched. He smiled and said, "The Lord of the Underworld is indeed tempting!"
The little girl nodded hurriedly. "Yes, the Lord of the Underworld is fun!"
Ye Xuan suddenly sighed. "I also want to attack the Underworld, but I can't now!"
The little girl frowned. "Why?"
Ye Xuan said seriously, "Because I have a lot of enemies now. They want to rob my study room."
The little girl blinked. "Rob?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes!
Those people are bad. They want to rob me. "
The little girl flew into a rage. "How dare you stop us from attacking the Underworld. You deserve to die!"
Ye Xuan hurriedly said, "Yes. Look, if we attack the Underworld now, won't we be attacked from both sides?"
The little girl frowned. "Being attacked from both sides … This is the biggest taboo of military strategists!"
Ye Xuan gave a thumbs up. "Amazing!
Miss, you can see the problem at a glance. I'm impressed! "
The little girl waved her right hand and a large pile of ancient books appeared in front of Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan glanced at them. They were some ancient books on the art of war.
The little girl pointed at herself. "I'm familiar with the art of war!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The little girl said proudly, "To be honest, I have 10,000 strategies to destroy the Underworld, but I lack people!
The kind that can fight! "
As she said that, she sized up Ye Xuan. "Do you have a lot of people?"
Ye Xuan finally understood!
This guy has his eyes on me!
The little girl said again, "The art of war says that we must first settle the internal affairs. I think we should settle the internal affairs first!"
Ye Xuan hurriedly said, "Yes, Ann!
Do you have any good strategies? "
The little girl thought for a while. Then she looked at Ye Xuan after a while. "Are there many enemies?"
Ye Xuan said, "There are several forces."
The little girl quickly said, "Sow discord!
We'll sow discord between them and let them kill each other. Then, we'll reap the benefits! "
Ye Xuan gave a thumbs up again. "Good, really good!"
As he said that, he hesitated.
"I have a presumptuous request. I hope you will agree to it!"
The little girl blinked. "What presumptuous request!"
Ye Xuan sternly said, "To be honest, I have formed a force called the Fifth Dimension Alliance. I have millions of troops under my command, but I lack a military adviser!"
Military adviser!
The little girl blinked again and again …
Ye Xuan slightly bowed to the little girl. "I want you to be my military adviser and give me advice for the Fifth Dimension!"
Hearing Ye Xuan's words, the little girl suddenly became excited. She was about to nod, but she seemed to have thought of something and shook her head. "No, no!
I can't easily leave the mountain! "
Ye Xuan was somewhat puzzled. "Why?"
The little girl smiled without saying anything.
How could Ye Xuan not understand? He immediately bowed again. "Miss's wisdom is unparalleled. If my Fifth Dimension has your help, we will certainly be able to establish a foundation for ten thousand generations, create ten thousand generations of peace, and dominate ten thousand worlds …"
The little girl walked back and forth with her hands clasped behind her back. She seemed to be 'hesitating'.
Ye Xuan said, "If you don't agree, I won't leave."
The little girl remained silent for a long time before sighing. "Fine, it's rare for you to be so considerate. I will agree!"
Ye Xuan was instantly 'wild with joy'. "With your help, it is my fortune, Ye Xuan, the fortune of my Fifth Dimension!
By the way, how should I address you? "
The little girl said, "My name is Dao San Sheng. Just call me San Sheng!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Military Adviser San Sheng!"
Military Adviser San Sheng!
The little girl was very satisfied with this title and nodded repeatedly.
As if thinking of something, Dao San Sheng asked again, "How many people do we have?"
Ye Xuan thought about it and then told Dao San Sheng about the overall strength of the Fifth Dimension.
Dao San Sheng was silent for a long time, then his expression became a little serious. "It seems that we are still at a disadvantage."
Ye Xuan quickly said, "Yes!"
Dao San Sheng said seriously, "It is not suitable for us to make enemies now. It seems that we can only temporarily put aside the matter of attacking the underworld."
Hearing this, Ye Xuan heaved a sigh of relief. This guy finally gave up on attacking the underworld for the time being!
At this time, Dao San Sheng said, "I think we should go to the Godly Kingdom of Xumi!"
Ye Xuan blinked. "Why?"
Dao San Sheng said, "To instigate a rebellion!"
Ye Xuan: "…"
Dao San Sheng said seriously, "I have a plan. The first step is to instigate a rebellion in the Godly Kingdom of Xumi. The second step is to subdue the Western Paradise. The third step is to attack the underworld and subdue it. The fourth step is to dominate the universe."
Ye Xuan was dumbfounded. Is this possible?
Dao San Sheng nodded. "Come, let's go to the Godly Kingdom of Xumi!"
Then, she pulled Ye Xuan away.
Ye Xuan hurriedly said, "This … are the two of us going?"
Dao San Sheng blinked. "Is there a problem?"
Ye Xuan hesitated, then said, "What if they attack us?"
Dao San Sheng sneered. "A gentleman uses his tongue, not his fists. If they dare to attack us and don't follow my plan, I will kill them!
Let's go! "
Then, she pulled Ye Xuan away. Soon, the two disappeared into the horizon.
Ye Zhiming shook his head. "My God ….
Two of them …. "
.....
PS: To be honest, I also have a plan. It is a plan to get first place in the monthly votes … Do you want to hear it?





Chapter 1283
Dao Sansheng was not joking. She was really going to take Ye Xuan to the Sumeru Kingdom!
Ye Xuan panicked.
He was afraid of being beaten up by the group!
In front of the Dao World's Cosmic Barrier, Ye Xuan pointed at it. "This is very sturdy!"
Dao Sansheng glanced at the cosmic barrier before throwing a punch at it.
Boom!
Under Ye Xuan's shocked gaze, she punched a hole in the Cosmic Barrier!
Dao Sansheng looked at Ye Xuan. "It's not very sturdy either!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Dao Sansheng led Ye Xuan into the space tunnel.
Ye Xuan took a look at Dao Sansheng. He was shocked.
He was confident that he could open the Cosmic Barrier, but he was not confident that he could do it so easily. However, this fellow had broken it with one punch!
This fellow was likely to be at the Dao Validation Realm!
Dao Sansheng suddenly asked, "Do we really have more than a million people?"
Ye Xuan collected his thoughts and nodded. "Yes!
All the experts in the Fifth Dimension are under my command. "
Then, he looked at Dao Sansheng. "Lady Sansheng, is the Underworld really weak?"
Dao Sansheng blinked. "It should be very weak!"
Ye Xuan smiled bitterly. "Sansheng, you should know that if we underestimate the enemy's strength, it will bring disaster to us!"
Dao Sansheng fell silent.
Ye Xuan thought about it and said, "Even if the Underworld is weak, we should still take our opponents seriously. What do you think?"
Seeing that Ye Xuan had given him a way out, Dao Sansheng hurried to follow his lead. He nodded and said, "Yes, we must take our opponents seriously. We must.
The Underworld is not that weak! "
Ye Xuan suddenly asked casually, "Lady Sansheng, is the Three-Birth Art very powerful?"
"Yes …"
Dao Sansheng was about to answer, but she quickly stopped and looked at Ye Xuan. "Don't tell me you want to cultivate the Three-Birth Art?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "I'm just asking!"
Dao Sansheng did not speak.
Ye Xuan asked again, "Can I cultivate it?"
Dao Sansheng shook her head. "Not yet!"
Ye Xuan was puzzled. "Why?"
Dao Sansheng said, "You must be at least at the Dao Validation Realm to cultivate it!"
Ye Xuan frowned slightly. "Why do I need to be in the Doctrine Level to cultivate?"
"Because it involves the past, present, and future lives. It is very complicated. You can't learn it without reaching the Dao Validation Realm."
Ye Xuan still wanted to ask something, but the two of them had already left the space tunnel.
As soon as the two of them left, a middle-aged man appeared in front of them. Upon seeing Ye Xuan, the middle-aged man's expression changed drastically. "Ye Xuan, you …"
Right now, the Godly Kingdom of Sumeru was still very afraid of Ye Xuan. No, it should be said that they were afraid of Mu Niannian.
Ye Xuan remained silent. Dao Sansheng interjected, "Go tell that Godly Kingdom of Godly Mt. Xumi's Heavenly Lord to come see me!
"Tell him to hurry. I am very busy!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The middle-aged man looked at Dao Sansheng. "Who is it?"
Dao Sansheng was about to speak when Ye Xuan said, "She is the Fifth Universe's military advisor. She represents the Fifth Universe!
Tell the God of the Xumi Kingdom to come out and see her! "
Dao Sansheng nodded. "I am the Fifth Universe's military advisor!"
The Fifth Universe's military advisor!
The middle-aged man frowned. He looked at Dao Sansheng and left.
Dao Sansheng glanced at the surroundings and said, "The energy here is very pure."
Ye Xuan nodded.
The Ling Qi here was much purer than in the Fifth Universe!
Dao Sansheng suddenly said.
"I think we can build our base here!"
Ye Xuan glanced at Dao Sansheng. "I'm afraid they won't agree!"
Dao Sansheng patted his chest. "Watch me!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Right at this moment, the space around the two of them suddenly trembled. Very quickly, many powerful auras appeared around them.
Ye Xuan looked into the distance. A middle-aged man appeared out of thin air.
It was the God of the Xumi Kingdom.
The God of the Xumi Kingdom looked at Ye Xuan. "Where is Miss Mu?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "She did not come!"
The God narrowed his eyes. "So she came alone?"
Dao Sansheng said suddenly. "Is she ignoring me?"
The God looked at Dao Sansheng. "Who is it?"
Ye Xuan quickly introduced. "She is the Fifth Universe's military advisor!"
Military advisor?
The God frowned. "What the hell?"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Dao Sansheng sneered. He punched out!
Punch.
Boom!
A destructive force swept through the battlefield. Almost in an instant, the world within a radius of several tens of thousands of miles shattered into nothingness.
As for the Divine Master, he immediately retreated several tens of thousands of feet away. As soon as he stopped, the physical body he had just cultivated shattered, and only his soul was left!
Everyone in the surroundings was stunned when they witnessed this scene.
Ye Xuan wasn't surprised because he was mentally prepared!
In the distance, the Divine Lord stared at Dao Sansheng in a daze.
At this moment, he was quite stunned.
This woman shattered my body with a single strike!
Where did this terrifying figure come from?
Dao Sansheng glanced at the God. "I allow you to surrender!"
Surrender!
The Divine Master was stunned, and then he said in a low voice, "Who is it!?"
Dao Sansheng spoke coldly. "Didn't he say it just now?
I'm the Fifth Universe's military advisor. I have a million soldiers behind me. Understand? "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The God stared at Dao Sansheng. "She's a Dao Confirming Realm expert!"
Dao Sansheng remained expressionless. "I'll ask you one last time. Do you want to surrender or not?"
The God's expression became ferocious. "Just one person?"
Dao Sansheng slowly clenched his right hand. At this moment, a pillar of light that was thousands of meters long suddenly appeared in the distant horizon. Within the pillar of light, an illusory giant blade appeared. In the next moment, the giant blade tore through the sky and slashed towards Dao Sansheng.
Dao Sansheng didn't dodge, nor did she attack. She just allowed the enormous blade to slash her.
Bang!
The giant blade shattered with a loud bang, but Dao Sansheng remained unscathed!
The expressions of the experts from the Xumi Kingdom changed when they witnessed this scene!
Dao Sansheng suddenly vanished on the spot. The God's expression changed drastically. He wanted to retreat, but it was too late. A hand was wrapped around his throat.
It was Dao Sansheng's hand!
Dao Sansheng gazed at the God's Master. "I'll give you one last chance. Do you want to surrender or not?"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The God's Master glared at Dao Sansheng. "The Xumi Kingdom will never surrender."
As soon as he finished speaking, a powerful aura erupted from his soul. Soon, his soul turned blood red.
Ancestral blood!
A trace of surprise flashed across Ye Xuan's eyes. This guy's bloodline has merged with his soul!
Dao Sansheng furrowed his brows.
She clenched her right fist.
Bang!
That God Master's soul exploded, but his blood escaped.
Dao Sansheng grabbed at the air and a ball of blood appeared in her hand. It was burning, but Dao Sansheng was completely fine.
Dao Sansheng turned to Ye Xuan as if she had thought of something. "Do you want to absorb it?"
Ye Xuan blinked. "Can I?"
Dao Sansheng nodded. "The power of his bloodline is very special. You can absorb it!"
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment, and then said, "Is my bloodline power more powerful, or his?"
Dao Sansheng blinked. "How can his rubbish bloodline compare to yours?"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Dao Sansheng sized up Ye Xuan. "Your bloodline is the most powerful bloodline I have ever seen. Moreover, it is constantly getting stronger … By the way, is our ancestor still alive?"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "I don't know either!"
Dao Sansheng thought for a while and said, "We can look for him. Then, we can ask our ancestor to follow us to attack the Underworld. I think our ancestor might be more powerful than that fish-eating woman!"
Ye Xuan blinked. "How powerful is that fish-eating woman?"
Dao Sansheng shook her head. "I don't know. Anyway, she is very powerful. I can't beat her.
Remember, bring her along when we attack the Underworld. She can follow the Master of the Underworld! "
Ye Xuan looked at Dao Sansheng. "Can't I?"
Dao Sansheng blinked and waved her hand. "That trash is not worthy of my attention!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
At this moment, a white-haired old man suddenly appeared in front of Dao Sansheng. The white-haired old man looked at Dao Sansheng. "How should I address you, miss?"
Dao Sansheng looked at the white-haired old man. "The Godly Kingdom of Xumi, are you surrendering or not?"
The white-haired old man looked at Dao Sansheng and shook his head. "The Godly Kingdom of Xumi has never surrendered!"
With that, he turned and said softly, "Go out!"
As his voice fell, in the distant Godly Kingdom of Godly Mt. Xumi's main city, four blood-colored pillars of light shot up to the sky. In an instant, the entire sky was dyed crimson, and within the four pillars of light, four blood-colored longswords gradually materialized.
At this moment, Ye Xuan's expression turned solemn.
Because he sensed danger!
What kind of formation was this?
The white-haired old man looked at Dao Sansheng. "Miss, this is the Great Formation of Gods. If you retreat now, it is not too late."
He did not want to fight this woman head-on!
Dao Sansheng looked at the four blood-red longswords and punched out.
Bang!
Everyone watched as the four blood red swords exploded into pieces and transformed into nothingness!
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The white-haired old man and the others were stunned as well.
They're gone just like that?
Dao Sansheng gazed at the white-haired old man, "This thing doesn't seem to work!"
The white-haired old man took a deep glance at Dao Sansheng and said, "Invite the Ancestor!"
As soon as he finished speaking ….
Bang!
An extremely powerful aura suddenly appeared in the depths of the starry sky, and then the world around it instantly became illusory.
Moreover, the blood of many experts from the Godly Kingdom of Xumi actually started to tremble. It was fear!
The Ancestor's Blood had descended!
Dao Sansheng frowned slightly as he gazed at the powerful aura.
Ye Xuan frowned slightly. Why can all these powers summon their Ancestor?
Can I summon my Ancestor as well?
Should I give it a try?
...





Chapter 1284
Ancestral Summon!
He'd had this thought for a very long time.
But he knew that it wasn't reliable!
Because he didn't even know who his ancestor was. Actually, he was very curious. Who was his ancestor?
His bloodline was quite formidable, so logically speaking, his ancestor should be very formidable as well!
Ye Xuan shook his head and smiled, and he stopped thinking about it. He looked towards the distant sky. At this moment, his bloodline was gradually trembling, but it wasn't being suppressed by the ancestral bloodline.
The bloodline wasn't able to affect him at all, but it couldn't be underestimated.
Ye Xuan gazed at Dao Sansheng. Dao Sansheng looked up into the sky and spoke softly, "It looks very formidable!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Right at this moment, a middle aged man suddenly walked over from the sky. He wore a dark robe that had a golden dragon embroidered on it, and he possessed an extraordinary imposing aura.
The 1st Divine Master of the Godly Kingdom of Xumi!
All the experts of the Godly Kingdom of Xumi knelt down in unison when they saw him, and some members of the imperial family even knelt on the ground.
It was bloodline suppression!
They were helpless against the ancestral bloodline, and it was the ancestral bloodline of their own clan.
It could be said that their success was due to their bloodline, and their downfall was due to their bloodline!
Because their ancestors were too strong, and their descendants were practically unable to surpass this bloodline. To a certain extent, this bloodline had become a shackle to them!
The middle aged man waved his right hand lightly in midair, and then the bloodline aura within him instantly vanished without a trace.
The experts of the Godly Kingdom of Xumi instantly felt much more at ease.
The middle aged man's eyes narrowed slightly as he gazed at Dao Sansheng, "Dao Shi!"
Dao Shi!
Ye Xuan's face fell. This fellow actually recognized Dao Sansheng!
Dao Sansheng was slightly surprised as he gazed at the middle aged man, "You recognize me?"
The middle aged man replied, "I've been to the Nether Dimension. According to my knowledge, you escaped from there!"
Dao Sansheng's eyes narrowed slightly, "You're the one who escaped!
I fought my way out!
I fought my way out! "
As soon as she finished speaking, she smashed her fist forward!
Bang!
A powerful force swept through the surroundings.
The middle aged man smashed his fist forward as well, and a blood red fist flashed out from his fist.
Boom!
The space in front of the middle-aged man and Dao Sansheng exploded and turned into nothingness. But soon, the space returned to normal.
The middle-aged man was still there. He had only retreated a few hundred feet, but he had taken on Dao Sansheng's punch.
The Dao Proving Realm!
Ye Xuan took a look at the man in the middle. This man was definitely at the Dao Validation Realm, and he was definitely one without any flaws. Otherwise, he would not have been able to take a punch from Dao Sansheng with just a wisp of his soul!
It seemed that he still could not underestimate these ancient powers.
Just as Dao Sansheng was about to attack again, the middle-aged man suddenly laughed and said, "If you attack again, I will inform the Underworld that you are here!"
Dao Sansheng frowned. "Are you threatening me?"
The middle-aged man smiled, "No, I'm afraid of you!
This wisp of my soul can't defeat you, but if you continue to attack, aren't you afraid of attracting the experts of the netherworld? "
Dao Sansheng fell silent.
The netherworld!
Ye Xuan glanced at Dao Sansheng. He could tell that the little girl was afraid of the underworld.
If she was afraid of the netherworld even though she possessed terrifying strength, then he could imagine how terrifying it was!
Meanwhile, the middle-aged man spoke again, "We have no intention of becoming enemies with you, and we don't want to offend the netherworld as well."
Dao Sansheng spoke indifferently, "I want to attack the netherworld!"
The middle-aged man's eyelids twitched. He hesitated for a moment and said, "You want to attack the netherworld?"
Dao Sansheng spoke coldly, "Can't I?"
The middle-aged man asked, "By yourself?"
Dao Sansheng pointed at Ye Xuan, "And him!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The middle-aged man glanced at Ye Xuan, and a trace of surprise flashed through his eyes, "The Cause of Disaster!"
Ye Xuan glanced at the middle-aged man and remained silent.
The middle-aged man stared at Ye Xuan, "You're not simple at all!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Are you trying to ask why I'm still alive?"
The middle-aged man looked deeply at Ye Xuan, then turned to the white-haired old man beside him, "Do the Godly Kingdom of Xumi have any enmity with the two of them?"
The white-haired old man hesitated for a moment, then told him about Ye Xuan's Dao Scripture.
A moment later, the middle-aged man looked at Ye Xuan with a trace of surprise in his eyes, "You have the Dao Scripture!"
Ye Xuan shook his head quickly, "I did in the past, but I don't now!
The Realm of Bliss has taken it away! "
The white-haired old man glanced at Ye Xuan, "Young Master Ye, no one here is stupid. Why do you have to play games?"
Ye Xuan said indifferently, "Believe it or not, it's up to you."
In any case, he would never admit to this matter even if he was beaten to death!
Once he admitted it, the Dao World would lean towards the Godly Kingdom of Xumi and the Realm of Bliss.
At this time, Dao Sansheng suddenly walked to Ye Xuan and said softly, "What should we do?"
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "Can you defeat him?"
Dao Sansheng nodded, "I can!
But … "
Ye Xuan said, "Are you afraid that he will call the experts from the Underworld?"
Dao Sansheng nodded, "We are in the dark, and the Underworld is out in the open. If the Underworld knows that I am here … Of course, I'm not afraid of them, but I feel that if we fight the Underworld now, we will be surrounded by enemies!"
Ye Xuan quickly nodded, "Yes!
So, I think we can retreat strategically. What do you think? "
"Retreat strategically!"
Dao Sansheng blinked, "I think it's possible!
Let's go! "
Then, she pulled Ye Xuan away.
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Don't be in such a hurry!"
Dao Sansheng looked at Ye Xuan, and Ye Xuan said with a smile, "We can't come here for nothing, right?"
Dao Sansheng blinked, "You mean we should take something with us?"
Ye Xuan leaned over to Dao Sansheng's ear, "If we are going to attack the Underworld in the future, we will need a lot of resources …"
Then, he looked in the direction of the Godly Kingdom of Xumi, "The Godly Kingdom of Xumi is very rich. We can take some resources with us to strengthen our overall strength!"
Dao Sansheng blinked and said, "That's very thoughtful!"
Then, she turned to the white-haired old man and the middle-aged man, "Take out all the valuables of the Godly Kingdom of Xumi!"
Everyone was stunned.
What was she trying to do?
Was she trying to rob them?
The white-haired old man stared at Dao Sansheng, "Are you a bandit?"
Dao Sansheng was taken aback, then looked at Ye Xuan, "Isn't it inappropriate for us to rob others?"
Ye Xuan said seriously, "Who said we are robbing?
We are borrowing! "
Dao Sansheng quickly nodded, "Yes!
Borrowing! "
Then, she looked at the white-haired old man, "Borrowing!
We are borrowing!
Not robbing! "
The white-haired old man nearly vomited blood in anger, "No!"
Dao Sansheng looked at Ye Xuan, and Ye Xuan looked at the middle-aged man, "Since you are not borrowing, then we will fight!"
Dao Sansheng did not waste any time, her hands suddenly clenched into fists, and in an instant, the world around them turned illusory!
Seeing this, Ye Xuan's eyelids twitched, these three forces again!
These three forces were enough to destroy the Heaven and Earth, even he was wary of them. It could be said that these three forces were more powerful than his Dao scripture martial skill!
The middle-aged man's eyes turned solemn, these three forces were enough to destroy the Godly Kingdom of Xumi's origin source!
On the other hand, even if he could block these three forces, this wisp of his soul would disappear!
This woman's strength was much stronger than he had imagined!
Seeing that Dao Sansheng was about to attack, the middle-aged man suddenly said, "Borrow!"
The white-haired old man looked at the middle-aged man with an ugly expression, he knew that his Ancestor would not be able to stop this woman.
Hearing the middle-aged man's words, Dao Sansheng stopped, but just as she was about to speak, Ye Xuan said, "Let's go get them!"
With that said, he and Dao Sansheng disappeared from the spot.
The two of them bolted towards the Godly Kingdom of Xumi's imperial palace!
Along the way, no one dared to stop them!
The middle-aged man did not stop them either!
Most importantly, he couldn't!
Just like that, Ye Xuan and Dao Sansheng plundered the Godly Kingdom of Xumi in a frenzy!
The two of them took whatever they could see!
Other than that, they forced the Godly Kingdom of Xumi's experts to hand over their Spatial Rings. At first, some resisted, but after witnessing Dao Sansheng's terrifying strength, no one dared to resist!
In order to 'borrow' the good stuff, Ye Xuan called Xiao Ling'er out as well. Xiao Ling'er could sense some of the good stuff.
At first, Xiao Ling'er was a little reluctant, but soon, she became more enthusiastic than Ye Xuan and Dao Sansheng …
This search lasted for a full two hours!
They found more than three hundred Spatial Rings, all of which were 'borrowed' from the experts.
Other than that, there were also some that were looted from the Godly Kingdom of Xumi's imperial palace's treasury …
It had to be said that Ye Xuan had seen great storms and waves, but when he saw the treasures of the Godly Kingdom of Xumi, he couldn't keep his cool!
This was too terrifying!
With these treasures and resources, the Fifth Dimension could nurture countless super experts!
Especially the middle-level experts, the Fifth Dimension would undergo earth-shattering changes!
The experts of the Godly Kingdom of Xumi felt extremely sullen at this moment!
They could only watch as Ye Xuan, Dao Sansheng, and Xiao Ling'er looted the Godly Kingdom of Xumi without the slightest scruple. No one dared to make a move because the middle-aged man did not!
Within two hours, the Godly Kingdom of Xumi's imperial palace and the imperial palace were all plundered clean. Anything that was slightly valuable was taken away!
Ye Xuan brought Dao Sansheng and Xiao Ling'er to the middle-aged man and the white-haired old man.
The white-haired old man and the others stared fixedly at Ye Xuan and Dao Sansheng. Their gazes were as sharp as knives, capable of killing.
Ye Xuan said with a straight face, "Everyone, I, Ye Xuan, value honor above all else. Today, I borrowed these things from the Godly Kingdom of Xumi, and I will return them. Really, you can rest assured!"
With that said, he turned around and disappeared into the horizon with Dao Sansheng.
At the end of the horizon, Dao Sansheng pulled Ye Xuan's arm. "Are you really going to return them?"
Ye Xuan said with a straight face, "We are not bandits. Of course we have to return what we borrowed!"
Dao Sansheng asked, "Then when will you return them?"
Ye Xuan blinked. "In my next life!"
Dao Sansheng: "…"
....
PS: Can I borrow some monthly tickets?
I will return them!
Really!





Chapter 1285
In the next life!
Dao San Sheng looked at Ye Xuan and winked. "You're so cunning!"
Ye Xuan laughed and disappeared into the horizon with Dao San Sheng.
Although he did not destroy the Godly Kingdom of Xumi this time, he was satisfied!
The wealth he took from the Godly Kingdom of Xumi was enough to change the entire Five Dimensions.
The two of them left quickly and disappeared into the horizon in the blink of an eye.
The Godly Kingdom of Xumi.
The experts of the Godly Kingdom of Xumi had ugly expressions on their faces as if they had eaten ten catties of dung.
Humiliation!
When had the Godly Kingdom of Xumi suffered such humiliation?
It could be said that the Godly Kingdom of Xumi had never suffered such humiliation since its founding!
In fact, when Ye Xuan and Dao San Sheng left, the experts of the Godly Kingdom of Xumi wanted to chase after them, but they were stopped by the middle-aged man.
Everyone looked at their Ancestor.
The middle-aged man said softly: "Do you want to die?"
The white-haired old man said in a low voice: "Ancestor …"
The middle-aged man looked at the horizon in the distance, his eyes were solemn. "That woman is not an ordinary person!
If you chase after her, you will die in vain. "
The white-haired old man's face was gloomy. "Ancestor, can we contact the Underworld?"
He could see that the woman was afraid of the Underworld.
The middle-aged man looked at the white-haired old man. "If my main body was here, we might be able to contact it, but now … you do not have the ability to contact the Underworld!
That place is not a place you can set foot in.
Let alone you, even Dao Vindication experts do not dare to set foot in there. "
The white-haired old man's face darkened. "If we cannot contact the Underworld, that woman …"
That woman was powerful enough to make people despair!
Moreover, there was another woman behind Ye Xuan, the Fifth Dimension Tendo!
That woman's terror was no less than the woman just now!
The middle-aged man suddenly said: "Are you willing to give up on the Dao Scripture?"
The white-haired old man was taken aback, then he smiled bitterly. "Ancestor …"
The middle-aged man was silent for a long time, then he said softly: "I can understand, after all, even I will not give up!"
Then, he looked at the horizon in a daze. "Dao Scripture …"
The white-haired old man looked at the middle-aged man without saying a word.
After a long time, the middle aged man suddenly spoke in a low voice. The white haired old man suddenly raised his head when he heard this, and his eyes were filled with disbelief. In next to no time, the disbelief in his eyes turned into wild joy!
....
After leaving the Godly Kingdom of Xumi, Ye Xuan and Dao Sansheng returned to the Fifth Dimension.
Along the way, although Dao Sansheng had obtained a lot of wealth, she was still a little unhappy, as her perfect plan had been disrupted.
Ye Xuan looked at Dao Sansheng and said with a smile, "Sansheng, don't be discouraged. There are bound to be some bumps on the road to greatness, but these are just trivial matters. What do you think?"
Dao Sansheng remained silent.
Ye Xuan continued, "You are our Fifth Dimension's Military Advisor. Your words and actions can decide the life and death of millions of people. Therefore, you cannot be discouraged!"
Dao Sansheng shook his head. "I'm not discouraged!"
As she spoke, she looked at Ye Xuan. "In your opinion, what should we do next?"
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "I think that we should first strengthen our strength and prepare for the future!"
Daozu
Sheng clenched his fists. "You're right!
Previously, when I took a look, the overall strength of our Fifth Dimension is a bit weak. I feel that we need to increase the overall strength of our Fifth Dimension! "
Ye Xuan quickly replied, "Yes!"
As he spoke, the corners of his mouth lifted slightly. "Now that we have these resources, we can greatly increase the overall strength of our people!"
Dao Sansheng looked at Ye Xuan and said, "You also need to improve your strength!"
Ye Xuan was silent.
In fact, his current strength had already reached a bottleneck.
To put it bluntly, among all the people Huang Xiaolong had encountered so far, only this Dao Sansheng couldn't win against that Mu Niannian. Others, even if it was that Godly Xumi ancestor, Huang Xiaolong had the strength to fight!
Not only was he at the true Escape, but his Sword Dao had also reached the realm of Sword Transformation!
At present, in terms of the Way of the Sword, apart from Mu Niannian, his attainment in the Way of the Sword was definitely the highest!
However, he still didn't want to reveal his strength too early.
Currently, whether it was the Godly Kingdom of Xumi or the Realm of Western Paradise, their estimation of his strength was still the same as before.
That was his advantage!
As Mu Niannian had said, if one didn't have invincible strength, it was best to know how to hide one's strength.
At this time, Dao Sansheng suddenly said, "When you reach the Dao Validation Realm, I will teach you the Art of Three Lives and let you possess the power of three lives!"
Ye Xuan looked at Dao Sansheng. "The power of three lives?"
Dao Sansheng nodded. "The power of three lives is the strongest power in the world!"
Ye Xuan hesitated and then asked, "Then do you know about the Dao Scripture?"
Dao Scripture!
Dao Sansheng looked at Ye Xuan. "Are you talking about the mysterious book in the world of the living?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Dao Sansheng waved his hand. "That is trash!"
Ye Xuan: "…"
Dao Sansheng looked at Ye Xuan and said solemnly, "The Art of Three Lives is the strongest!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes, yes. But do I have to reach the Dao Validation Realm to cultivate it?"
Dao Sansheng nodded. "I'm doing this for your own good. If you cultivate it now, your body won't be able to withstand the power of three lives.
Moreover, there is a kind of power in your body that you haven't fully absorbed! "
Ye Xuan opened his palm and a ball of golden light appeared in his hand. "Is this it?"
Dao Sansheng nodded. "Yes!"
Ye Xuan fell silent.
The power of Buddhism!
Dao Sansheng was referring to the power of Buddhism in his body!
In fact, he also knew that there was something wrong with the power of Buddhism. Although he had reached the level of Spiritual Insight, he had never seriously cultivated the power of Buddhism. Therefore, the power of Buddhism in his body was a little messy.
Dao Sansheng added, "And your blood, the power of your Bloodline is also very strong. You have to learn to control it!"
Ye Xuan smiled bitterly. He really couldn't control the power of his Bloodline!
As the two conversed, they returned to the Alliance Hall.
Ye Xuan called Guan Yin over and had Guan Yin bring Dao Sansheng to inspect the experts of the Fifth Dimension.
Dao Sansheng was very interested in the army of the Fifth Dimension!
Ye Xuan also specially told Guan Yin not to be careless with this Military Advisor Dao Sansheng. He had to make her feel respect!
He also discovered that although this little girl was strong, she was actually quite simple-minded. She needed to be coaxed.
As soon as Ye Xuan returned to his room, Ye Zhiming appeared in front of him.
Ye Zhiming looked at Ye Xuan. "How was it?"
Ye Xuan smiled and told him what happened in the Godly Kingdom of Xumi.
Ye Zhiming frowned. "That person knows about the underworld!"
Ye Xuan looked at Ye Zhiming. "Many people know about the underworld!"
Ye Zhiming shook his head. "Not only does that person know about the underworld, she also knows about Dao Sansheng. This means that she has been to the underworld before!
And not everyone can go to the underworld!
Dao Sansheng escaped and the people of the underworld might not expect her to escape to the world of the living. But if they know that Dao Sansheng is in the world of the living … "
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "Miss Ye, we can't go to the underworld easily, but the people of the underworld can't come here easily either, right?"
Ye Zhiming looked at Ye Xuan. "You're right, but that was in the past!"
"In the past?"
Ye Xuan frowned. "You mean they can come here now?"
Ye Zhiming said solemnly, "Do you know what separates the underworld from the living?"
"The Cosmic Barrier?" Ye Xuan said.
Ye Zhiming shook his head. "What's more terrifying than the Cosmic Barrier is the Dao World!"
Ye Xuan frowned. "Dao World?"
Ye Zhiming nodded. "It's a boundary formed by the Great Dao and it's extremely terrifying. It can be said that there was a period of time when the people of the living couldn't go to the underworld and the people of the underworld couldn't go to the world of the living either!
But it's different now! "
Ye Xuan was confused. "Why?"
Ye Zhiming looked at Ye Xuan. "Because many Great Daos are collapsing. For example, this Good and Evil Reincarnation Dao. I told you before that this Dao has collapsed. Good people might not be rewarded and evil people might not be punished!
I don't understand this Good and Evil Reincarnation Dao and some Daos have been reversed.
This Dao World has been reversed and its power is not as great as before. "
Ye Xuan asked curiously, "Who?"
Ye Zhiming smiled. "I don't know about that!
I only know that many Great Daos have collapsed!
Also, those who can threaten your life now are those who can reverse the Great Daos. You can't fight them now. "
She paused and continued, "I'm guessing that Mu Niannian might not be able to reverse the Great Daos. Of course, it's just my guess. That woman is too sinister and unfathomable."
Ye Xuan smiled. "Miss Ye, Ye Zhiming is a good person."
Ye Zhiming said indifferently, "That's for you!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "In any case, I think she's a good person!"
Ye Zhiming didn't want to continue this topic. "After the Great Dao Laws in the Dao World have been reversed, it's not impossible for the people of the underworld to come to the world of the living!
Of course, the people of the living can also go to the underworld. However, ordinary people definitely can't. That's because if the people of the living step into the underworld, their bodies will rot. Only Dao Validation experts can resist that kind of corrosive power!
And after entering the nether world, that place is incomparably dangerous. The experts in the nether world are much stronger than you can imagine! "
Ye Xuan said softly, "No wonder Big Sister Nian said that she's unwilling to offend the underworld!"
He seemed to have thought of something as he spoke, and then he took out the Soul Suppressing Sword. He gazed at Ye Zhiming and said excitedly, "Miss Ye, if I take this sword to the River of Forgetfulness, do you think I'll be able to absorb all the wandering souls and evil ghosts there?
Let me tell you, this sword of mine is extremely powerful. "
Ye Zhiming glanced at the sword and said, "Yes!"
Ye Xuan was overjoyed when he heard this, and he asked excitedly, "Really?"
Ye Zhiming said, "Yes, everything can happen in a dream."
Ye Xuan was speechless.
...





Chapter 1286
The nether world!
Ye Xuan's heart sank.
From Ye Zhiming's words, Huang Xiaolong understood that the nether world had the ability to come to the world of the living.
Ye Zhiming suddenly interjected, "Your best option now is to let her go!"
Ye Xuan looked at Ye Zhiming. Ye Zhiming softly said, "Leaving her here will bring endless trouble."
Ye Xuan smiled, "Miss Ye, what about you?"
Ye Zhiming looked at Ye Xuan, "What about me?"
Ye Xuan smiled faintly, "San Sheng's troubles came from the nether world, where are your troubles coming from?"
Ye Zhiming fell silent.
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Are you in less trouble than her?"
Ye Zhiming shook his head.
Ye Xuan shook his head, "Miss Ye, I'm more curious about your identity and background."
Ye Zhiming's voice was indifferent, "If you really want to know, I can tell you!"
Ye Xuan looked at Ye Zhiming, "Whirling World?
Or the Milky Way World? "
Ye Zhiming shook his head, "Neither!"
Ye Xuan frowned, "Neither?"
Ye Zhiming nodded.
Ye Xuan was about to speak when Guan Yin walked in. Stopping in front of Ye Xuan, she opened her palm, "Give it to me!"
Ye Xuan was puzzled, "What?"
Guan Yin glared at Ye Xuan, "San Sheng said that you've borrowed a lot of treasures from the Godly Kingdom of Xumi!"
Ye Xuan smiled and passed all the Spatial Rings to Guan Yin.
There were more than five hundred of them!
When Guan Yin saw the treasures in the Spatial Rings, she sucked in a breath of cold air. She looked at Ye Xuan, "You've borrowed all the treasures from the Godly Kingdom of Xumi?"
Ye Xuan smiled sheepishly and was about to speak when Guan Yin interjected, "Do you know how important these things are to us?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
In fact, the Fifth Dimension faced a huge problem, and that was the lack of cultivation resources!
This was because the resources of the Spirits of Nine Dead and the other races had already been squeezed dry!
It could be said that the cultivation progress of many experts had slowed down.
However, things were different now. With these cultivation resources, the strength of countless experts in the Fifth Dimension would experience a qualitative breakthrough.
These cultivation resources were a lifesaver!
Guan Yin took a deep breath, put the spatial rings away, and said, "We need time now!"
Ye Xuan was silent.
Coincidentally, what they lacked the most right now was time.
"Can you give me two years?" Guan Yin asked solemnly.
Ye Xuan smiled bitterly. "I'm afraid not!"
Guan Yin fell silent.
Ye Xuan said softly, "Do your best!
Just do your best! "
Guan Yin nodded and turned to leave.
She would be very busy in the coming days.
Ye Xuan looked at Ye Zhiming. "You don't have two years!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "I know!"
Ye Zhiming said, "Your current strength has reached a bottleneck. If you want to break through again, it will be impossible in a short period of time. However, you can increase your strength elsewhere!"
Ye Xuan was curious. "Elsewhere?"
Ye Zhiming said, "To get the Indestructible Buddha Body from the Realm of Ultimate Bliss!"
Ye Xuan frowned. "Indestructible Buddha Body?"
Ye Zhiming nodded. "That body cultivation technique can be said to be second only to the Dao Scripture Body Refinement Technique and the Yin World's Myriad Yin Body!"
Ye Xuan hurriedly asked, "Dao Scripture Body Refinement Technique?"
Ye Zhiming said, "There is a Dao Scripture Body Refinement Technique. If you can successfully cultivate it, you will have a Dao Body, a true Dao Body. This body can be said to be the most ancient body in the world.
Today, your physical body is the strongest. Even a Dao Confirming expert would find it difficult to injure you!
Moreover, this body has another strong point, it is untainted by all karma … Of course, except for disasters! "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Ye Zhiming said, "Most importantly, this body can suppress some of the Yin Arts of the Yin World."
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Is the Realm of Ultimate Bliss weaker than the Yin World?"
Ye Zhiming shook his head, "The current Realm of Extreme Bliss can't be compared to the Underworld, but there was a period of time in the past when the Realm of Extreme Bliss was extremely terrifying. At that time, the Realm of Extreme Bliss could completely contend against the Underworld.
Of course, if they really fought, they might not be able to win. However, it was not like now, where there is no possibility of fighting. "
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Then it declined?"
Ye Zhiming nodded. "There was a serious problem within the Realm of Ultimate Bliss. At that time, an extremely powerful monk brought a few Buddhist monks to the Yin World."
Ye Xuan frowned. "To the Yin World?"
Ye Zhiming nodded. "That Buddha made a great wish …"
Saying so, she glanced at Ye Xuan. "The Realm of Ultimate Bliss has some relationship with the Yin World."
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly understood why the abbot knew about the Yin World.
Ye Zhiming said again, "The departure of that monk had a huge impact on the Realm of Ultimate Bliss. Later on, some of the monks went into seclusion to comprehend, causing the Realm of Ultimate Bliss to decline.
The Infinite Buddha Body was created by that monk. Once it is mastered, it will be protected by the Infinite Buddha, which is a great counter to the Yin World. "
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "If I go to the Realm of Ultimate Bliss like this, they probably won't give it to me!"
Ye Zhiming shrugged. "Aren't you good at bluffing?
Go bluff them! "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Ye Zhiming said, "Why don't you go look for the Dao Scripture, the one with the Dao Scripture?"
Ye Xuan said, "Do you know where the rest of the Dao Scripture is?"
Ye Zhiming said, "There's one in the Realm of Ultimate Bliss."
Ye Xuan glanced at Ye Zhiming. Damn it, this woman wants me to look for cultivation techniques, but the Dao Scripture is the real deal!
Ye Zhiming said again, "But the people of the Realm of Ultimate Bliss don't know that they have the Dao Scripture!"
Ye Xuan frowned, "What do you mean?"
Ye Zhiming said, "The reason why the Realm of Ultimate Bliss was so strong was because they had a Dao Scripture, the Fate Scripture.
At that time, the senior monk who obtained the Dao Scripture was a true senior monk. Although he knew that it was a Dao Scripture, he didn't say it out loud because he knew that if he said it out loud, the Western Paradise would be plunged into a bloody storm.
So, he slowly cultivated it himself and merged the Dao Scripture into some Buddhist scriptures. This way, the people of the Realm of Ultimate Bliss learned the Dao Scripture but didn't know it was a Dao Scripture. This saved the Realm of Ultimate Bliss a lot of trouble. "
She paused for a moment before continuing, "Actually, the people of the Realm of Ultimate Bliss don't know that many of the Buddhist scriptures they practice contain the Great Dao."
Ye Xuan looked at Ye Zhiming, "Miss Ye, how do you know so many things?"
Ye Zhiming was expressionless, "Can't I guess?"
Guess!
Ye Xuan's mouth twitched. He wanted to hit someone.
Ye Zhiming said, "With your current strength, no one in the Realm of Ultimate Bliss can do anything to you other than those ancient monks!
And those ancient monks are basically in seclusion. So, do you understand what I mean? "
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "You want me to steal!"
Ye Zhiming was expressionless, "Not steal, borrow!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Ye Zhiming continued, "Not only are there Dao scriptures there, there is also the Infinite Buddha Physique that you need. If you can cultivate the Infinite Buddha Physique,
If you cultivate the Infinite Buddha Body, you will have a higher chance of winning against the experts of the Underworld in the future! "
Ye Xuan frowned, "With my current strength, I still can't fight against the Underworld?"
Ye Zhiming looked at Ye Xuan, "As of now, only Mu Niannian has the strength to fight against the Underworld!
As for you, with your current strength, you can only say that you have the strength to fight back. But if you want to fight them, you can only dream on!
Can't you see how that brat Sansheng is so afraid of the Underworld? "
Ye Xuan shook his head, "She still wants to attack the Underworld!"
Ye Zhiming was expressionless, "Do you know who gave her the courage?"
Ye Xuan frowned, "Don't tell me it's me!"
Ye Zhiming sneered, "It's you!"
Ye Xuan was puzzled, "Why?"
Ye Zhiming said, "Because of the two swords in your body!
Although you can't beat them, she thinks that the owner of the two swords in your body can.
Her idea is simple, she wants to drag you down with her so that you can gather people to attack the Underworld!
Of course, there's another reason, and that's Mu Niannian!
She's also plotting against Mu Niannian!
However, this wimpy brat isn't Mu Niannian's match at all. If she schemed against Mu Niannian, I'm afraid she would lose herself! "
Saying that, she shook her head, "That brat is really a brat. His thoughts are simple, naive, and stupid."
She was also very afraid of Mu Niannian!
She originally had some plans, but because of Mu Niannian, she didn't dare to use them. She really didn't dare to!
She was afraid that that woman would plot against her.
Ye Xuan, "…"
Ye Zhiming said, "Let's go to the Realm of Ultimate Bliss."
Ye Xuan said after a slight hesitation, "Are we really going?"
Ye Zhiming said in a low voice, "You don't have much time left!"
Ye Xuan thought about it and said, "I'm going to the Dao World!"
With that, he disappeared with Ye Zhiming.
Soon, Ye Xuan arrived at the Dao World and found Jiang Yu and Li Qing.
Jiang Yu looked at Ye Xuan, "You want to go to the Realm of Ultimate Bliss?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Yes!
I feel that we can't just sit here and wait for death. I'll go to the Realm of Ultimate Bliss to negotiate and get them to return the study to us! "
Jiang Yu hesitated, "I don't think they'll return it!"
Ye Xuan pointed to himself, "I can open the study and negotiate with them!"
Jiang Yu shook his head, "Young master Ye, that's too risky!"
Ye Xuan smiled, "Are we just going to sit here and wait for death?"
Jiang Yu fell silent.
Ye Xuan said, "I can't go alone. I need you to cheer for me!"
Jiang Yu frowned slightly, "You want us to go with you?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Call all the Self Release Realm experts. Of course, you don't have to enter the Realm of Ultimate Bliss. I can go in alone!
But we have to let the Realm of Ultimate Bliss understand our determination and attitude. "
Saying that, he glanced at the two of them and continued, "Either we win together or we die together."
Jiang Yu fell silent.
Li Qing glanced at Ye Xuan and didn't say anything.
Obviously, both of them were hesitant.
Because it was too risky!
Ye Xuan sighed softly, "Both of you want the study but don't want to risk your lives. How is that possible?
If this goes on, we can only passively take a beating. "
Jiang Yu said in a low voice, "Young master Ye, I feel that you'll be sending a lamb to the tiger's mouth and dying in vain."
Ye Xuan smiled, "Since that's the case, then I choose to share the study with them."
Saying that, he turned and left.
Jiang Yu and Li Qing's expressions changed drastically!
..





Chapter 1287
The shared study room!
What were they most afraid of now?
They were afraid that Ye Xuan would side with the World of Paradise. Because once that happened, it was very likely that the World of Paradise would open the study room. At that time, the Dao World would be completely finished.
When they saw Ye Xuan leave, both of them simultaneously obstructed Ye Xuan's path.
Jiang Yu spoke in a low voice, "Young Master Ye, don't be impulsive!"
Ye Xuan shook his head, "We don't have much time left!
If we continue to delay like this, what if the World of Paradise finds a way to deal with the study room?
At that time, we'll be in an even more passive position! "
Jiang Yu gazed at Li Qing, and the latter spoke in a low voice, "Young Master Ye, are you sure that the study room is in the hands of the World of Paradise?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "I'm very sure!"
Li Qing remained silent for a long time before he said, "Then let's go!"
Jiang Yu gazed at Li Qing, and the latter spoke softly, "It really isn't good for us to delay like this."
After a short moment of silence, a trace of gloominess flashed through Jiang Yu's eyes. "Let's go!"
In next to no time, almost 80 Self Release Realm experts were led by Ye Xuan straight towards the World of Paradise.
Around two hours later, all of them traversed the river of stars and arrived at an unknown stellar region.
Actually, Ye Xuan didn't know where the World of Paradise was at all. Fortunately, Li Qing knew!
There were some Buddha statues in the starry sky before them.
Li Qing pointed at a golden Buddha statue that was almost 3km tall. "That's the entrance to the World of Paradise!"
Ye Xuan gazed at the Buddha statue. Right at this moment, the Buddha statue suddenly opened its eyes, and then two rays of golden light shot out explosively from its eyes. The golden light tore through the starry sky, and its target was Ye Xuan and the others.
Jiang Yu frowned slightly. He took a step forward and smashed his fist forward.
Bang!
The space in front of him shattered into nothingness, and the two rays of golden light were directly devoured by the shattered space.
"Amitabha!"
Meanwhile, a voice suddenly resounded.
Everyone looked over and saw a monk standing not far away. The monk wore a simple robe and held a string of prayer beads in his hand. He was a little plump.
The monk looked at Ye Xuan and said with a smile, "You must be Young Master Ye!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "How should I address you, Master?"
The monk smiled. "Venerable Mi."
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Master Mi Zun, we came here today to negotiate with the Realm of Ultimate Bliss."
Venerable Mi's eyes flashed with surprise. "Negotiate?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Master, your Bodhisattva stole my study room. Isn't that a little immoral?"
Venerable Mi looked at Ye Xuan. "Young master Ye, our Bodhisattva has fallen."
Ye Xuan frowned. "What do you mean?"
Venerable Mi clasped his hands together. "Young master Ye should know better than us!"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "I'm not sure!
All I know is that he severely injured me and then escaped with my study room. "
Venerable Mi looked at Ye Xuan. "Young master Ye, we have confirmed that he died in your hands!"
Hearing that, Jiang Yu frowned. "That's impossible. Although Young Master Ye is strong, he isn't strong enough to kill an Extreme Self Release Realm expert!"
Venerable Mi chuckled. "Pavilion Master Jiang, you know too little about this Young master Ye!"
Jiang Yu looked at Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan smiled. "I never expected you to bite back!
Master, Pavilion Master Jiang and the others saw me being severely injured that day. "
Jiang Yu nodded. Ye Xuan's injuries were not light at all!
Li Qing glanced at Ye Xuan and did not say a word.
Venerable Mi smiled. "Young master Ye, you're distorting the truth.
You're really powerful!
You killed someone and still want to frame my Realm of Western Paradise. You're too sinister! "
Ye Xuan said calmly, "Master, if you don't have evidence to prove that I killed your Bodhisattva, then don't speak nonsense!"
Jiang Yu also looked at Venerable Mi. "Master, do you have evidence?"
Venerable Mi shook his head. "No!"
Back then, Ye Xuan killed very cleanly. That Bodhisattva's soul was completely destroyed!
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Master, I came here today to cooperate with Realm of Western Paradise.
As far as I know, Realm of Western Paradise can't open the study room yet, right? "
Venerable Mi looked at Ye Xuan. "I don't know how to answer you!"
Ye Xuan's expression did not change. "Master, I have an idea. I think we can cooperate. I'll open the study room and everyone can share the scriptures in the study room. What do you think?"
Venerable Mi sighed softly. "Young master Ye, that study room is really not in my Realm of Western Paradise's hands!"
Ye Xuan looked at Jiang Yu. "They want to keep it for themselves!"
Jiang Yu looked at Venerable Mi in the distance. His expression was somewhat unfriendly.
Venerable Mi sighed again. "Young master Ye, one of my Buddhist ancestors has already divined that the study room is still in your hands. And that Bodhisattva was indeed killed by you. Although we don't know how Young master Ye killed him, we can be sure that he died in the hands of Young master Ye!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Master, if you put it that way, then I can only say that someone behind me has also divined it!
And the result is that the study room is in your Realm of Western Paradise's hands! "
Venerable Mi looked at Ye Xuan and clasped his hands together. "Young master Ye, you're a Swordsman, and a rare Swordsman at that. You speak irresponsibly, distort black and white, fabricate things out of thin air … Won't your conscience be condemned?"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Venerable Mi continued. "Young master Ye, although we're opponents, we still respect Young master Ye very much. Please, Young master Ye, respect us and stop playing these shady tricks!
We can fight openly, really! "
Ye Xuan sighed softly. "Master, I don't like hearing you say that!
You keep saying that I'm slandering you, but do you have any evidence?
Also, you keep saying that Maha Bodhisattva died in my hands, but you don't have any evidence to prove that Maha Bodhisattva died in my hands!
In my opinion, after you get the study room, you still want me, Ye Xuan, to be the scapegoat. You're the real sinister ones! "
Venerable Mi looked at Ye Xuan. "Young master Ye, you're invincible.
I have nothing to say to you! "
As he said that, he clasped his hands together and silently chanted scriptures, forcefully suppressing the anger in his heart.
Don't be angry!
A monk needs to calm his heart!
Ye Xuan suddenly opened his palm. There was a ball of Buddhist light in his hand.
Spiritual Insight!
Venerable Mi glanced at the ball of Buddhist light in Ye Xuan's hand. There was a complicated look in his eyes. "This old monk has cultivated for nearly a hundred years before achieving spiritual insight. How can someone like you, Young master Ye, also achieve spiritual insight?
Is my Buddha's eye blind? "
Ye Xuan's face darkened. "Master, I remember there's a saying in Buddhism that all living beings are equal. Why? In Venerable Mi's heart, there's still a hierarchy?"
Venerable Mi looked at Ye Xuan. "Young master Ye, don't spoil my state of mind with such words!
In terms of Dharma cultivation, Young master Ye is probably not my match.
Of course, in terms of shamelessness, sinister, and cunning, even ten old monks can't compare to Young master Ye! "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
At this moment, Jiang Yu suddenly said. "Great monk, I think Young master Ye's suggestion is very good. Since you have the study room, and Young master Ye can open it, why don't the three of us cooperate?"
Venerable Mi glanced at Jiang Yu. "Pavilion Master Jiang, you were sold by Young master Ye, and you still have to count the money for him!"
Jiang Yu frowned slightly. "Great monk, is there any point in trying to sow discord now?
Is there any point in sowing discord? "
Venerable Mi sighed. "Young master Ye's methods are brilliant. This old monk admires him!"
At this moment, Li Qing suddenly said, "Master, you said that Young master Ye killed your Bodhisattva. But as far as I know, Young master Ye is only at the Self Release Realm. Why do you think he killed your Bodhisattva?"
Venerable Mi looked at Ye Xuan. "Young master Ye, are you really at the Self Release Realm?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "I am at the False Self Release Realm!
Moreover, I only reached it recently!
At that time, I wasn't! "
Venerable Mi clasped his hands together. "Young master Ye has hidden his strength!"
Ye Xuan looked at Li Qing. "They don't have any evidence, but they insist that I killed their Bodhisattva!"
Li Qing was silent.
Actually, she felt that there was something fishy about this matter!
However, she did not believe that Ye Xuan could kill an Extreme Self Release Realm expert at the Origin Returning Realm Breaking Realm!
Under such circumstances, Ye Xuan could only kill his opponent instantly and destroy the evidence. That was the only way he could deceive everyone!
But how could Ye Xuan do that?
Venerable Mi suddenly said, "Fifth Dimension Tendo!"
Everyone looked at Venerable Mi. Venerable Mi said solemnly, "Young master Ye might not be able to do it, but that Fifth Dimension Tendo is definitely able to do it!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Master, didn't you say that I killed your Bodhisattva?
How did it become a Fifth Dimension Tendo? "
Venerable Mi said, "I think that Miss Mu helped you!"
Fifth Dimension Tendo!
Jiang Yu and Li Qing looked at each other. Although Ye Xuan did not have the ability to kill an Extreme Self Release Realm expert, this Fifth Dimension Tendo could!
Could the study room really be in Ye Xuan's hands?
Jiang Yu and Li Qing looked at Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan smiled. "Forgive me for speaking bluntly. If the study room was really in my hands, I could have asked her to help me open it and obtain the Dao Scripture inside. Why wait until now?"
Jiang Yu was silent.
Ye Xuan looked at Venerable Mi. "Master, can I have a word with you?"
Venerable Mi looked at Ye Xuan. "Sure!"
Ye Xuan walked to Jiang Yu's side and said softly, "Pavilion Master Jiang, I will think of a way to enter the Realm of Ultimate Bliss. As long as I enter, I will be able to sense the study room!"
Jiang Yu nodded. "Understood!
Young master Ye be careful! "
Ye Xuan nodded. He was about to leave when Jiang Yu suddenly said, "Young master Ye!"
Ye Xuan looked at Jiang Yu. Jiang Yu said solemnly, "Young master Ye, I believe in you!"
Ye Xuan was a little 'touched'. "Thank you!"
With that said, he and Venerable Mi disappeared into the distant starry sky.
At the end of the starry sky, the two walked slowly. Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Master, to be honest, I know the study room is not in the hands of the Realm of Ultimate Bliss, but it is not in my hands either!"
Venerable Mi was slightly stunned. He looked at Ye Xuan. "Then who has it?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Master, who do you think has it?"
Venerable Mi said solemnly, "Fifth Dimension Tendo!"
Ye Xuan shook his head.
Venerable Mi frowned slightly. "Then who has it?"
Ye Xuan said seriously, "The Underworld!"
Venerable Mi was stunned. Then he put his palms together. "Young master Ye, do a good deed. Don't fool me!
This old monk has cultivated Dharma for nearly a thousand years. I really can't play with these shady things. Just tell me what you want to do!
With regards to your words, this old monk still retains some credibility. "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
..
PS: What's the best way to get votes now?
Everyone can say it. I'm ready to sacrifice myself.





Chapter 1288
Ye Xuan was a little embarrassed. This monk didn't fall for it!
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "Master, I can tell you who is in possession of the study. However, I have a condition!"
Venerable Mi glanced at Ye Xuan, "Young Master Ye, that study is actually in your hands, right?"
Ye Xuan shook his head, his expression calm, "It's really not in my hands. I can swear to the heavens on this!"
Venerable Mi shook his head, "Young Master Ye, I heard that you swear like farts …"
Ye Xuan's face was full of black lines, "Master, you don't believe in my character?
I'm a wise man! "
Venerable Mi clasped his hands together, "Even the Buddha can be blind sometimes!"
Ye Xuan was a little speechless. Damn, this monk is really stubborn!
Ye Xuan didn't say anything else, he turned around and left.
At this moment, Venerable Mi suddenly said, "Young Master Ye, what do you want in exchange for handing over the study?"
Ye Xuan looked at Venerable Mi, and Venerable Mi said again, "As far as we know, you have a person from the Underworld with you, right?"
Ye Xuan smiled, "You guys know quite a lot!"
Venerable Mi shook his head, "Young Master Ye, you can't go against the Underworld."
Ye Xuan smiled, "Master Mi, I heard that the Underworld has an almighty being from the Realm of Ultimate Bliss, is that right?"
Venerable Mi took a deep look at Ye Xuan, "Young Master Ye knows a lot!"
Ye Xuan was a little puzzled, "Master, you guys are a group of outsiders, why can't you let me go?"
Venerable Mi clasped his hands together and said seriously, "If Young Master Ye is willing to hand over the study, you'll be letting yourself go."
Ye Xuan smiled, "That's gangster logic. That's my thing. You guys want to snatch it from me, but you make it sound like it's my fault!"
Venerable Mi said softly, "Young Master Ye, most of the time, when a person possesses something that doesn't match his strength, it's a disaster for that person.
Of course, Young Master Ye was very strong.
However, Young Master Ye occupying that study room is tantamount to making the whole world his enemy. "
Ye Xuan looked at Venerable Mi and smiled happily. "Master, everyone outside thinks that the study house is in the hands of the Realm of Ultimate Bliss!"
Venerable Mi smiled, "They can't do anything to my Realm of Ultimate Bliss!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "What if we add the Five Dimensional Tendo?"
Venerable Mi was silent.
Even the Realm of Ultimate Bliss couldn't afford to offend that woman!
Ye Xuan added, "Grandmaster should know about the Godly Kingdom of Xumi, yes, that little girl from the nether world is one of my companions, what if we add her into the mix?"
Venerable Mi looked at Ye Xuan and said, "Young Master Ye wants to declare war on my Realm of Ultimate Bliss?"
The corners of Ye Xuan's mouth curled up slightly, and he laughed arrogantly. "You guessed right!
I want to gather all the Self Release experts in the Five Dimensional Universe and the Dao World to declare war on the Realm of Ultimate Bliss, we won't rest until one side is dead! "
After saying that, he turned and left.
At this moment, Venerable Mi suddenly said, "Young Master Ye, that study room is clearly in your hands …"
Ye Xuan blinked, "The more I target the Realm of Ultimate Bliss, the more people will think that the study room is in the hands of the Realm of Ultimate Bliss."
Venerable Mi looked at Ye Xuan and said softly, "Young Master Ye, as far as I know, the Five Dimensional Universe still has the Five Dimensional Tribulation!"
Ye Xuan shrugged his shoulders, "Attack the Realm of Ultimate Bliss, then I will move all the beings in the Five Dimensional Universe to the Realm of Ultimate Bliss!"
Venerable Mi frowned, "Young Master Ye, are you serious?"
Ye Xuan turned and left.
Venerable Mi suddenly blocked in front of Ye Xuan, "Young Master Ye, we can talk about the conditions you just mentioned!"
Actually, he wasn't afraid of Ye Xuan or the Dao World, but he was afraid of Mu Niannian and Dao Sansheng.
Especially Mu Niannian!
Previously, Bodhisattva Wen Tian led the 18 ancient arhats and Liu Shibai to besiege Mu Niannian, but everyone died!
Mu Niannian!
Whether it was the Realm of Ultimate Bliss or the Godly Kingdom of Ultimate Bliss, they were all afraid of her.
Therefore, he was afraid that Ye Xuan would bring Mu Niannian and Dao Sansheng to attack the Realm of Ultimate Bliss.
Once those two women went to the Realm of Ultimate Bliss … the consequences would be unimaginable.
Ye Xuan looked at Venerable Mi, "I want to go to your Realm of Ultimate Bliss!"
Venerable Mi asked in a deep voice, "What for?"
Ye Xuan put his palms together and bowed slightly. "Master, to tell you the truth, I yearn for the path of Buddhism very much. Therefore, I want to study Buddhism in your esteemed realm and further improve myself so that my cultivation of Buddhism can reach another level!"
Venerable Mi looked at Ye Xuan, "Young Master Ye, please speak in human language!"
Ye Xuan, "…"
Venerable Mi said in a deep voice, "Young Master Ye, do you know what kind of reputation you have in the Myriad Worlds?"
Without waiting for Ye Xuan to answer, he continued, "Shameless, treacherous, shameless, extremely shameless … The world now calls you the most shameless person in history. Do you know that?"
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "No matter how shameless and shameless I am, I will never rob others."
Venerable Mi sighed and changed the topic, "Young Master Ye, you don't really want to study the Dharma Dao, am I right?"
Ye Xuan said in a serious tone, "I really want to study the Dharma Dao!"
Venerable Mi looked at Ye Xuan, not saying a word.
But it was obvious he didn't believe him!
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Alright!
I'll be honest, other than studying the Dharma Dao, I also want to study the Realm of Ultimate Bliss' Invincible Buddha Physique! "
Venerable Mi frowned, "Invincible Buddha Physique?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Yes!"
Venerable Mi said in a deep voice, "Young Master Ye, that's absolutely not for you to cultivate. That's the supreme body tempering technique of my Buddhist school. Other than my Buddhist disciples, no one else can cultivate it!"
Ye Xuan quickly said, "Master, I'm willing to join the Buddhist school!"
Venerable Mi's mouth twitched as he shook his head with a bitter smile, "Young Master Ye, please be a man!
This old monk is an honest man, so don't play these fancy games with this old monk! "
Ye Xuan said in a serious tone, "Master, I'm a wise man. Am I not qualified to join the Realm of Ultimate Bliss?"
Venerable Mi said in a deep voice, "Young Master Ye, you're not here to study the Dharma Dao, you're here to learn my Buddhist cultivation technique!
If this old monk didn't guess wrongly, after you finish learning it, you might even use it to beat up my Buddhist disciples, right? "
Ye Xuan said, "Actually, it was Sister Nian who asked me to come!"
Venerable Mi frowned, "Five Dimensional Tendo?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "She said that the Invincible Buddha Physique is very suitable for me to cultivate, so she asked me to come find you!"
Venerable Mi glanced at Ye Xuan, "Young Master Ye, that's my Buddhist school!"
Ye Xuan spread his hands, "That study is still mine. Didn't you come to snatch it anyway?"
Venerable Mi was speechless.
Ye Xuan smiled, "It's fine. Since your realm doesn't want me to cultivate it, then I'll go find Sister Nian. I'll ask her to personally come to the Realm of Ultimate Bliss!"
With that, he turned around and left.
Venerable Mi hurriedly said, "Young Master Ye, please wait."
Ye Xuan looked at Venerable Mi, "Master Mi, what's the matter?"
Venerable Mi said in a deep voice, "Young Master Ye, what's your relationship with that Five Dimensional Tendo?"
Ye Xuan opened his palm, and the Tendo Sword appeared in his hand.
When he saw the Tendo Sword
Venerable Mi was stunned, then said softly, "She gave this sword to you …"
Ye Xuan nodded, "That's right!"
Venerable Mi was silent.
At this moment, a voice suddenly sounded in his mind.
Venerable Mi looked at Ye Xuan, "Young Master Ye, follow me!"
With that, he turned around and left.
Ye Xuan glanced at the end of the starry sky, then he followed.
At this moment, Ye Zhiming's voice suddenly sounded in Ye Xuan's mind, "Something's fishy, you have to be careful!"
Ye Xuan nodded.
When Ye Xuan followed Venerable Mi to the Realm of Ultimate Bliss, he was shocked!
The spiritual energy in the Realm of Ultimate Bliss was too pure!
It was at least ten times that of the Five Dimensional Universe!
It was even purer than the Dao World and the Godly Kingdom of Xumi. Moreover, it was very dense. Cultivating in this place was twice the result with half the effort!
Ye Xuan looked around. There were some ancient temples and pagodas floating in the air, all of them exuding a powerful aura.
The overall strength of the Realm of Ultimate Bliss was definitely above the Godly Kingdom of Xumi.
At this moment, Venerable Mi suddenly said, "Young Master Ye, aren't you afraid of us attacking you?"
Ye Xuan smiled, "Master, what level is Bodhisattva Wen Tian's strength in the Realm of Ultimate Bliss?"
Venerable Mi was silent.
Although Wen Tian was only a Bodhisattva, he was the head of all Bodhisattvas. His strength was even higher than some Bodhisattvas.
Ye Xuan's words were a threat!
Venerable Mi suddenly said, "Young Master Ye, Miss Mu is not invincible!"
Ye Xuan looked at Venerable Mi, "Master, if I'm not wrong, what you need now is time, right?"
Venerable Mi did not speak.
Ye Xuan continued, "You and the Godly Kingdom of Xumi wanted to kill Sister Nian, but you failed!
Sister Nian's strength far exceeds your expectations!
Next, you don't dare to act rashly. Or rather, you are waiting, waiting for the Fifth Dimension Tribulation to arrive. At that time, if Sister Nian wants to help the Five Dimensional Universe, it will be your best opportunity. You want to act at that time!
Or perhaps, you want to seek help from the Underworld!
After all, I have a little girl who came from the Underworld by my side, and she has a grudge with the Underworld. You want to contact the Underworld and use it to deal with me and Sister Nian, right? "
Venerable Mi looked at Ye Xuan, his expression calm, but his heart was shaken!
Ye Xuan smiled, "Master, it seems I guessed correctly.
Right? "
Venerable Mi clasped his hands together, "Young Master Ye, do you know that by causing trouble like this, not only will you harm yourself, you will also harm Miss Mu.
Because as far as we know, her current body is not very good! "
Ye Xuan looked at Venerable Mi, "Master, if I behave myself, will you let me go?"
Venerable Mi frowned, "Then Young Master Ye, why don't you give up on the study?"
Ye Xuan smiled, "Master, I have my eyes on the Realm of Ultimate Bliss. May I ask, can you give it to me?"
Venerable Mi was silent.
Ye Xuan continued, "I don't care about the study, and I don't care about the Dao Scriptures inside. But I know that even if I give you the Dao Scriptures, you won't let me go. Because you will feel that I am a threat. Only by cutting the weeds and eliminating the roots can you truly be at ease, right?"
Venerable Mi was silent.
Ye Xuan continued, "Moreover, since you have your eyes on the study of me, Ye Xuan, today, I, Ye Xuan, will have to give it to you. But what if you have your eyes on my, Ye Xuan's, woman in the future?
Will I also have to give it to you? "
Saying this, Ye Xuan smiled, "Enduring for a while won't calm down. Taking a step back will only make the enemy want more."
.....





Chapter 1289
Retreat?
Ye Xuan was clear that he had no way out.
Even if he handed over the study, these people would still not let him go.
To him, what he needed to do now was to frantically increase his and the Fifth Dimension's strength.
Strength was the way of the king!
Without strength, everything else was just fleeting clouds.
The Prophet's words left a deep impression on him.
How could the plainly dressed woman sever her own karma?
Because she was strong enough, no karma would dare to taint her.
When one's strength reached a certain level, even if it was a disaster, it would only bear good karma.
Venerable Mi did not say anything else.
He knew that the Realm of Ultimate Bliss and Ye Xuan could not be resolved peacefully.
But now, the Realm of Ultimate Bliss needed some time.
Because the biggest threat to them was not Ye Xuan, but Mu Niannian and Dao Sansheng.
When they could not deal with those two women, they did not dare to attack Ye Xuan because they could not withstand their revenge!
And Ye Xuan dared to come to the Realm of Ultimate Bliss because he saw this point.
Not long later, Venerable Mi brought Ye Xuan to a Buddhist temple where some monks were chanting.
Ye Xuan's gaze swept across them, they were all powerful monks.
Venerable Mi looked at Ye Xuan, "Young master Ye, didn't you say that you like Buddhism?
There are 360,000 scriptures here, all mahayana scriptures, you can read them as you wish. "
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "Master, what about Indestructible Buddha Body?"
Venerable Mi smiled, "Young master Ye, do you know what is needed to cultivate that Indestructible Buddha Body?
It requires a very high level of Buddhism cultivation! "
Ye Xuan was silent.
Ye Zhiming suddenly said, "He did not lie to you!
But he wants to use these scriptures to stall you! "
Ye Xuan nodded and thought to himself, "I know!"
Ye Zhiming said again, "Don't worry, our real goal is these scriptures."
Ye Xuan looked at Venerable Mi. "Master, I'll study these scriptures first!"
Venerable Mi clasped his hands together. "Young master Ye, take your time to learn!"
After saying that, he left.
At this moment, Ye Zhiming's voice sounded in Ye Xuan's mind, "Kid, don't underestimate these scriptures. They are all treasures, because they contain the wisdom of our predecessors. If you can really comprehend them, the benefits they will bring you will be unimaginable."
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "Too many!"
Ye Zhiming said, "Just watch, I'll help you."
Ye Xuan nodded his head. He walked in front of a bookshelf and took out the first volume of Buddhist scriptures. With his current strength, he naturally had a photographic memory. He glanced at it, but he didn't really understand a lot of it!
Fortunately, there was Ye Zhiming!
Ye Zhiming would explain some of the core points and important parts of the scripture to him in detail.
He had to admit that these Buddhist scriptures were indeed very useful. Even he felt that some of the Buddhist theories made sense.
Of course, he was even more shocked by Ye Zhiming.
This woman was a freak!
She could see through any Buddhist scripture with a single glance, and could even infer many things from one instance to refute some of the scriptures …
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly realized that he must never underestimate any woman!
From the City of Azure until now, the women he met were each more terrifying than the last!
....
After Venerable Mi left the temple, he came to a place where a monk sat in the clouds.
The monk's back was facing Venerable Mi, seemingly real yet illusory.
Illusory.
Venerable Mi clasped his hands together and bowed, "Namo Buddhist Ancestor!"
The person before him was Namo Buddhist Ancestor of the Realm of Ultimate Bliss, the current leader of the Realm of Ultimate Bliss.
Namo said softly, "That Miss Mu has already proven her Dao, a true Dao!"
Venerable Mi clasped his hands together. Even though he was mentally prepared, he was still shocked!
A true Dao Realm!
The Realm of Ultimate Bliss had it in the past, but not in the current Realm of Ultimate Bliss!
Even though this Namo Buddhist Ancestor was also in the Dao Realm, it was a false Dao Realm. There was a huge gap between him and Mu Niannian's Dao Realm!
Namo continued, "I want to make a trip to the netherworld!"
Venerable Mi looked at Namo. Namo clasped his hands together, "During this period, do not make a move against that Young Master Ye."
With that, his body turned illusory, disappearing with the wind like a wisp of smoke.
...
Godly Kingdom of Xumi.
In the depths of a certain mountain, dozens of people stood in front of a cave, waiting quietly.
These were the experts of the Godly Kingdom of Xumi's royal family.
After an unknown period of time, the stone door of the cave suddenly cracked open, and a middle-aged man walked out!
Seeing the middle-aged man, the experts' blood boiled!
Ancestor of the Godly Kingdom of Xumi, Nan Chu!
Nan Chu looked at his own body and said softly, "This possession technique has too many drawbacks!"
In theory, he couldn't live that long, but he still forcefully used this possession technique to keep his soul alive!
However, possession was not tolerated by the Great Dao. His current strength was not even half of his peak.
Of course, to this world, he was still a top-notch expert!
However, he had to face a problem, and that was to cultivate his own physical body. Otherwise, when his current physical body was destroyed, his soul would be erased by this world!
The stronger the person, the more difficult it was to possess.
The Great Dao did not tolerate it!
How chaotic would the world be if experts from ancient times began to possess when they reached the end of their cultivation, and then began to cultivate again?
In fact, a long, long time ago, possession was impossible. Once it was done, the reincarnation laws of this world would immediately erase it.
Unfortunately, the Great Dao collapsed, and there was no order. Therefore, countless demons and ghosts appeared.
However, this kind of possession had great drawbacks. Because this physical body was not his own, there was a serious problem of compatibility between his soul and this physical body.
Now, it was impossible for him to cultivate a physical body with his soul!
This was because his soul was not complete!
Strictly speaking, he was no longer the Nan Chu of the past.
Nan Chu looked up at the horizon and said softly, "I want to go to the netherworld!"
His current problem was very big. If he wanted to change this state, there was only one way, and that was to read the Dao scriptures!
Moreover, he understood how terrifying Mu Niannian and Dao Sansheng were, and it was impossible for him to go against them on his own. So, he had to seek help!
Nan Chu glanced at the experts of the Godly Kingdom of Xumi. "Before I return, don't provoke the Fifth Dimension and Ye Xuan!"
After saying that, he disappeared from sight.
....
Somewhere in the void, Nan Chu met Namo Buddha from the Western Paradise. It was obvious that their meeting was not a coincidence.
The two walked side by side into the distance.
Nan Chu smiled. "Grandmaster, tell me, how did Miss Mu reach the true
What about the orthodox Dao Proving realm? "
Nan Chu was silent.
In fact, this was something he had always been puzzled about.
How did that woman reach the Dao Validation realm?
Nan Chu suddenly said, "Grandmaster, do you think she has read the Dao scriptures?"
Dao scriptures!
Nan Chu said solemnly, "It's not impossible!
When the prophet went to the Fifth Dimension, he might have shown her the Dao scriptures! "
Nan Chu narrowed his eyes. "That means that Ye Xuan might have also read the Dao scriptures?"
Nan Chu clasped his hands together. "That depends on whether Miss Mu is willing to show him!"
Nan Chu smiled. "Grandmaster, do you think Miss Mu or Ye Xuan is scarier?"
Nan Chu looked at Nan Chu. "What are you trying to say?"
Nan Chu said softly, "Ye Xuan has a Calamity Cause!
But he survived until now!
Moreover, from what I know, there seems to be a woman in a plain dress behind him!
As for this woman, I have sent people to investigate her. After she disappeared from the Dao Realm, I don't know where she went!
I'm afraid this person is a variable! "
Woman in a plain dress!
Nan Chu was silent.
In fact, the woman's strength was also a mystery to them.
They only knew that this woman only used one sword to kill.
As for how strong she was, no one knew!
Ye Xuan and Mu Niannian might know, but would they say it?
Nan Chu continued, "Grandmaster, what I want to say is that our opponent this time is not ordinary!
Let's not talk about that Mu Niannian, just this Ye Xuan is not someone we can lower our guard.
Let's not talk about this person's strength, the people behind him are the truly terrifying ones, especially that woman in a plain dress. We cannot underestimate her. Moreover, I feel that she might be hiding in the dark, waiting for an opportunity to give us a fatal blow! "
Nan Chu frowned. "She's hiding in the dark?"
Nan Chu nodded. "Since this person claims to be Ye Xuan's Dao Protector, why hasn't she appeared yet?
There is only one possibility, and that is that she is protecting him in the dark.
If Ye Xuan is in danger, then she will definitely make an appearance. However, we know very little about her. So, if we misjudge her strength, then we'll probably suffer heavy losses! "
As he spoke, he gazed at Nan Chu and said, "Grandmaster, according to my knowledge, you're very skilled in the Dao of Divination. Why don't you perform a divination on this woman and investigate her ability?"
Nan Chu remained silent for a moment before he suddenly opened his right hand, and then 2 copper coins appeared there. He flipped them lightly, and they fell to the ground.
Nan Chu gazed at them, and it didn't take long for the space around him to tremble. Suddenly, the 2 copper coins vanished without a trace.
Nan Chu frowned.
Nan Chu spoke in a low voice, "What is it?"
Nan Chu glanced at the surroundings and said, "I can't deduce anything!"
Nan Chu asked, "Why?"
Nan Chu spoke softly, "There are 2 explanations. Firstly, she used something to avoid the workings of the heavens. Secondly, she has attained the Dao Validation Realm, and she has fused with the Grand Dao."
Nan Chu spoke in a low voice, "Looks like she has attained the Dao Validation Realm!"
Nan Chu nodded, "Probably!"
Two experts at the Dao Validation Realm!
Nan Chu remained silent for a long time. "Looks like we have to think of a way to deal with her!"
As he spoke, he looked up towards the horizon and spoke softly, "We're definitely unable to resist them with our current strength, so we have to rely on the strength of the Nether Dimension to deal with them!
Especially that woman. She's Ye Xuan's Dao Protector, and she's hiding in the shadows. We have to think of a way to get the experts of the Nether Dimension to eliminate her first! "
The Nether Dimension was speechless.
....





Chapter 1290
Nan Chu and Nan Wu sped up. Soon, they disappeared into the horizon.
...
In the Five-Dimensional Universe.
Somewhere in the starry sky, Mu Niannian was grilling fish. Not far from her was Dao Sansheng.
Dao Sansheng looked at the grilled fish and said, "What do you think of my plan to attack the underworld?"
In her plan to attack the underworld, this woman was indispensable!
In her opinion, only this woman could match the master of the underworld!
Mu Niannian looked at Dao Sansheng and smiled. "Why attack the underworld?"
Dao Sansheng was expressionless. "I don't like them!"
Mu Niannian smiled: "Back then, you were imprisoned in the underworld, right?"
Dao Sansheng was silent.
Mu Niannian said softly, "Girl, you are very special. It was not easy for you to have today's fortune.
Therefore, I have to advise you to be cautious. "
Dao Sansheng looked at Mu Niannian and frowned. "You don't want to attack the underworld with us?"
Mu Niannian smiled. "Let me tell you, there is only one way to destroy the underworld."
Dao Sansheng asked hurriedly, "What is it?"
Mu Niannian smiled. "The owner of the Pagoda Sword can do it!"
Dao Sansheng said in a low voice. "I know. I told Little Xuanzi to call the owner of the Pagoda Sword when we attack the underworld."
Then, she looked at Mu Niannian. "With you, we can definitely destroy the underworld!"
Mu Niannian shook her head and smiled. "I am very busy!"
Dao Sansheng still wanted to say something, but Mu Niannian suddenly said, "I feel that this matter cannot be rushed. You see, there are so many troublesome matters in the Fifth Dimension, and there are so many enemies. If we attack the underworld now, won't we be surrounded by enemies?"
Dao Sansheng nodded. "I know!"
Mu Niannian continued. "Therefore, we have to solve the problem in front of us before we can think about the future. What do you think?"
Dao Sansheng fell silent.
Mu Niannian continued, "What you need to do now is to help him solve the problem at hand."
Dao Sansheng suddenly said: "I have a friend in the netherworld, I want to save her!"
Mu Niannian looked at Dao Sansheng and said, "Follow him well. He will help you save your friends in the future!"
Dao Sansheng nodded. "I know. The owner of the sword in the pagoda is very powerful. He might even be more powerful than my former master!"
She paused and looked at Mu Niannian. "You're strong too. Very strong!"
Mu Niannian laughed and said nothing.
Dao Sansheng stood up to leave, but she suddenly stopped and turned to look at Mu Niannian. "You're going to die!
Right? "
Mu Niannian blinked. "How is that possible?"
Dao Sansheng frowned. "Did I sense it wrong?"
Mu Niannian smiled and said, "Yes, you must have felt it wrong!"
Dao Sansheng sighed and turned to leave.
In the starry sky, Mu Niannian opened her right hand and there was another shallow cut on her palm.
Three cuts!
Mu Niannian shook her head and smiled. At this time, Ling 'er suddenly said, "I … Let's go!
Forget about the Five-Dimensional Universe!
Forget about that Scoundrel Ye! "
Mu Niannian glanced at the starry sky around him and chuckled: "Ever since I was born, this world has nurtured me … Ling 'er, everyone has a dream, and I also have one. My dream is to take good care of this universe, take care of the stars, the sun, and the moon … if even I had to give up on them, how much despair would they feel …"
Ling 'er suddenly said, "If …
What if Scoundrel Ye doesn't treat this universe well?
Have you thought about it? "
Mu Niannian smiled. "Then I won't let him go even if I become a ghost!"
....
In the Realm of Ultimate Bliss.
After Venerable Mi brought Ye Xuan to the temple, he did not care about Ye Xuan anymore!
In any case, there were only some Buddhist scriptures in the temple, so it did not matter if Ye Xuan stole them.
During this period of time, Ye Xuan had been concentrating on studying those Buddhist scriptures every day.
He had to admit that this was a great help to him.
Although his strength did not increase, his Buddhist cultivation was increasing. After all, he had reached the level of Spiritual Insight.
However, he did not find any Dao scriptures among the Buddhist scriptures!
Ye Xuan sat cross-legged on the ground. At this moment, he was the only one left in the temple.
Ye Xuan put down the Buddhist scripture in his hand and said, "Miss Ye, this Buddhist scripture says that all beings are equal … What do you think?"
Ye Zhiming was silent for a moment and said, "It's not realistic."
Ye Xuan nodded. "I also think it's not realistic!"
Ye Zhiming said, "Do you still think it's funny?"
Ye Xuan smiled sheepishly. "A little!"
Ye Zhiming said, "It's not realistic, but it's not funny at all!
This is a concept of Buddhism. The eminent monk who said this is benevolent and respectable, but this is simply impossible. "
Ye Xuan was silent.
Ye Zhiming said, "This Buddhist doctrine is not something an ordinary person can cultivate. If an ordinary person cultivates this Buddhist doctrine, they will easily become a demon."
Ye Xuan shook his head. "I think that Buddha is a demon, and the demon is Buddha!"
Ye Zhiming asked, "What do you mean?"
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Buddha and demon are often separated by a single thought."
Ye Zhiming was silent.
Ye Xuan raised his head to look at the golden Buddha statue and smiled. "Just like now, which Buddha would rob others?
Actually, I'm very curious. Why don't they feel ashamed for doing such a thing?
Isn't this behavior going against the Buddhist doctrine they cultivate? "
Ye Zhiming said, "So, there are no true experts in the Western Paradise now."
Ye Xuan was curious. "So, there used to be?"
Ye Zhiming said, "Yes!
And there were many of them!
There were many talents in the Western Paradise at that time, and they were all high monks. However, the change that time had a great impact on the Western Paradise!
As for these monks now … if I'm not wrong, they want to reach a higher level.
Also, you have to understand that they first cultivate Daoism, then they cultivate Buddhism.
In other words, their ultimate goal of cultivating Buddhism is longevity and the Great Dao. "
Hearing this, Ye Xuan understood.
Isn't cultivating Buddhism the same as cultivating longevity?
Ye Zhiming continued, "Keep reading!"
Ye Xuan collected his thoughts and said, "Miss Ye, I think you're very knowledgeable!
Nian Nian said that she reached Release One because of reading … do you think she's telling the truth? "
Ye Zhiming said, "Yes!"
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "Why?"
Ye Zhiming said, "If you don't understand this world, how can you understand the Dao?
If you don't understand the Dao, how can you achieve it?
She's someone who truly understands the Great Dao!
As for you, even though you've reached Release One, there's still a huge gap between you and her. What I mean is that your Release One isn't the same as hers! "
Ye Xuan frowned. "Why?"
Ye Zhiming said in a low voice, "She walked step by step!
As for you, you've cheated to get here!
There's a difference!
So, I suggest that you focus on studying the Dao, stabilize your cultivation, and make your Release One even more valuable. "
Ye
Xuan fell silent.
Release One!
Actually, he knew that Ye Zhiming was telling the truth. Because up until now, he still didn't have a clear understanding of the so-called Great Dao!
Simply put, his Release One was slightly exaggerated. Of course, it was much better than a fake Release One!
Ye Zhiming continued, "Let's continue reading!"
Ye Xuan nodded, picking up a scroll in front of him …
During this period, Ye Xuan would discuss with Ye Zhiming from time to time, even quarreling, but in the end, Ye Xuan would lose!
Discussing Buddhism, discussing Dao!
After interacting with this Ye Zhiming for a while, he started to admire this little girl!
This little lass was really erudite and multi-talented. She was practically omniscient!
Actually, he was curious whether this little girl or Mu Niannian was more knowledgeable?
Outside the hall, Venerable Mi stood quietly. He didn't enter, but he knew that Ye Xuan had been reading those Buddhist scriptures every day!
This made him very confused.
Could that slippery fellow really be interested in Buddhist scriptures?
That shouldn't be the case!
This fellow definitely didn't come here to read Buddhist scriptures.
Actually, his intuition told him that it was best to chase Ye Xuan away now. But he also knew that he couldn't chase him away!
That fellow was relying on Mu Niannian and Dao Sansheng to be lawless!
Wait!
Venerable Mi sighed, turned and left.
...
Outside the Realm of Bliss, Jiang Yu and the rest were also waiting!
Beside Jiang Yu, Li Qing suddenly said, "Do you really believe that he went in for the Dao scriptures?"
Jiang Yu looked at the end of the sky, whispering, "Miss Li Qing, do you think you're very smart?"
Li Qing looked at Jiang Yu, frowning, "What do you mean?"
Jiang Yu chuckled, "Miss Li Qing, how is your Dao Village compared to the Fifth Dimension?"
Li Qing was silent.
In the past, the Dao Village definitely crushed the Fifth Dimension.
But now, the Fifth Dimension's Tendo alone could crush the Dao Village!
Jiang Yu asked again, "Then how is your Dao Village compared to the Realm of Bliss and Xumi Kingdom?"
Li Qing frowned.
The Dao Village naturally couldn't compare to the Realm of Bliss and Xumi Kingdom!
Jiang Yu looked at Li Qing, "Since it can't compare to the Fifth Dimension and can't compare to the Realm of Bliss and Xumi Kingdom, then let me ask Miss Li, what qualifications do you have to compete with them for the Dao Scriptures?"
Li Qing looked at Jiang Yu, "What do you mean?"
Jiang Yu smiled, "Nothing!
I just want Miss Li Qing to understand one thing, this is a battle between the Realm of Bliss and Xumi Kingdom, and we don't have the qualifications to compete for the Dao Scriptures!
We only have two paths now, the first is to not compete, completely give up on the Dao Scriptures, and then hide, not caring about anything.
The second is to choose a side, choose a side. "
Since the death of the Pope, he actually understood a lot of things!
The Dao World didn't have the qualifications to compete for the Dao Scriptures!
Li Qing was silent.
Jiang Yu said softly, "Not competing, not resigned.
So, I choose a side.
Although Young Master Ye is cunning and sinister, he treats his people well, so I choose him. "
Li Qing looked at Jiang Yu deeply, "Why didn't you choose the Realm of Bliss and Xumi Kingdom?"
Jiang Yu smiled, "Because Young Master Ye and that Miss Mu are sinister and cunning enough. Of course, there is another reason, and that is our Young Master Ye seems to have a lot of backers … If we follow him, won't his backer be our backer?"
Li Qing: "…"





Chapter 1291
It had to be said that Li Qing was shocked.
She did not expect Jiang Yu to be playing dumb!
This Pavilion Master Jiang had seen through everything!
Indeed, neither the Dao Village nor the Immortal Pavilion had the qualifications to fight for the Dao Scripture.
Because neither the Fifth Dimension nor the Realm of Western Paradise was something the Dao World could contend against.
As Jiang Yu said, they were unwilling to fight, but if they wanted to fight, they only had one choice, and that was to choose a side.
And Jiang Yu chose to side with Ye Xuan!
Jiang Yu suddenly said, "Miss Li, we will not force you to follow Young Master Ye like us. Make your own choice!"
Li Qing was silent.
Jiang Yu said, "Miss Li, if the Dao Village wants to fight for the Dao Scripture, we will not stop them."
Li Qing looked up at the horizon and said softly, "Before, we were opponents, now we are teammates …"
Then, she shook her head and smiled, "How interesting!"
Jiang Yu was silent.
When the enemy was too powerful, what was the best way to deal with them?
Rely on them and join them!
At least for the Dao World, this was their only choice unless they were willing to give up on the Dao Scripture!
But they did not want to give up!
The reason they did not do so before was because they felt that the Dao World had the strength to do so. But now, they clearly realized that they did not have the strength to do so!
In fact, he was also unwilling, but he had no other choice.
Li Qing was silent for a long time, then turned and left.
She could not make the decision herself. What to do depended on the Dao Village.
But she already knew what the Dao Village would do!
The Dao Village would wait!
They would wait!
Because she was not sure if Ye Xuan could fight against the Realm of Western Paradise. Choosing a side now was too risky!
...
In the Fifth Dimension.
On this day, a sword chime suddenly resounded in the Great Desolation Kingdom. Then, a woman appeared in the Great Desolation Kingdom's sky.
It was Aro, who had been in seclusion for many days!
And right now, Ah Luo had already reached Self Release!
A true Release One!
Aro waved her sleeves, and the powerful force around her disappeared without a trace.
The reason she could reach Release One was naturally because of the Dao Scripture that Ye Zhiming and Ye Xuan had given her!
Almost at the same time, a sword cry resounded from the other side, followed by a deafening tearing sound.
Ah Jiu and Situ!
Obviously, the two of them had also come out of seclusion!
In the starry sky, Situ walked in front of Ah Jiu. Ah Jiu was drinking and drinking very boldly.
Situ looked at Ah Jiu. "Are we leaving?"
Ah Jiu suddenly drew her sword and pointed it at Situ. "Do you have a conscience?"
Situ was silent.
Ah Jiu was expressionless. "How did you reach this realm?
Because of his selflessness.
Right now, this cosmos is facing the calamity of the Fifth Dimension and the calamity caused by humans. If you leave at this time, has your conscience been eaten by your blade? "
With that, Ah Jiu turned and left.
Situ Yan suddenly said angrily, "Ah Jiu, you stupid woman. Do you know that you might die if you stay here?"
Ah Jiu stopped in her tracks and turned to look at Situ. "Previously, he owed us. Now, we owe him!
Without him, you want to reach true Self Release?
Give you another hundred years? "
With that, she turned around and disappeared into the horizon.
Situ Yan was silent.
Her talent was naturally not bad. However, without Ye Xuan's generosity and Ye Zhiming's guidance, if she wanted to reach true Self Release, even a hundred years wouldn't be enough!
As Ah Jiu said, they now owed Ye Xuan.
...
In a certain courtyard, the door of a room suddenly opened and a woman walked out!
Qingcheng, Ye Clan, ancestral hall.
"Ancestors, Ye Xuan has no talent and no virtue … From now on, Ye Xuan's position as the heir is removed and Ye Lang will succeed him."
The one who spoke was an old man wearing a black robe.
Not far behind the old man stood a youth with a faint smile on his face.
This person was Ye Lang.
On both sides were the elders of the Ye Clan.
"Why!"
At this moment, a timid voice suddenly rang out in the ancestral hall.
Everyone turned to look and saw a little girl standing at the door. She was about 12 or 13 years old, and her hands were tightly gripping the hem of her skirt. Her face had a sickly pallor, and she looked a little weak. There was even a trace of fear in her eyes.
This little girl was called Ye Ling. She was Ye Xuan's younger sister. When she heard that the clan wanted to remove Ye Xuan, she disregarded her illness and rushed over.
The black-robed old man frowned. "Ye Ling, what are you doing!"
The little girl called Ye Ling bowed to everyone in the ancestral hall and said timidly, "Grand Elder, my brother Ye Xuan is the heir. Why did you cripple him for no reason?"
The Grand Elder looked coldly at Ye Ling. "This is a matter of the clan. What are you interrupting for?
Leave! "
Ye Ling was clearly a little fearful. She did not dare to look the Great Elder in the eye, but she did not leave. Instead, she mustered up her courage and walked into the ancestral hall. She bowed to the elders on both sides of the hall and said, "Elders, my brother is currently fighting with the Li family for the mining rights of the mine in Nanshan. He is now fighting for the family, and it is unknown whether he is alive or dead. However, the family has used a groundless excuse to remove his position as the Crown Prince.
"Impudent!"
The Grand Elder suddenly raged, "It's not up to a little girl like you to decide whether to strip him of his position or not.
Men, drag her away. "
At this time, the new heir, Ye Lang, suddenly laughed, "You should be flogged 30 times as a warning to others!"
The Grand Elder replied coldly, "Then flog him 30 times!"
Very quickly, two guards of the Ye Clan rushed in.
Ye Ling clenched her fists and said angrily, "This is unfair. My brother has risked his life for the clan for so many years. Even now, he is fighting for the clan. The clan is unfair to him …"
One of the guards glanced at the new heir, Ye Lang. He knew that this was his chance to shine.
The guard sneered, "Young Master Ye Lang inherits the title of heir. What are you yelling about?" As he spoke, he raised his hand and slapped Ye Ling's face.
Slap!
A crisp slap sounded. Ye Ling's right cheek instantly turned red and swollen. However, she did not cry. She only covered her cheek tightly.
Ye Lang looked at the guard and smiled, "What's your name?"
The guard quickly bowed, "Subordinate Zhang Mu greets the Crown Prince."
Ye Lang nodded, "You're not bad. After I become the Crown Prince, I need ten guards. You can be my guard from now on."
Hearing this, Zhang Mu was overjoyed. He quickly bowed deeply, "Subordinate will go through fire and water for the Crown Prince!"
Ye Lang nodded, "Drag him away. This person is disturbing the ancestral hall. Don't hold back. Understood?"
Zhang Mu glanced at Ye Lang. When he saw the murderous intent in Ye Lang's eyes, he understood.
He immediately grabbed Ye Ling's hair and dragged her out.
At this moment, Zhang Mu suddenly stopped as if he had seen something.
Inside the ancestral hall, everyone turned their heads to look outside the hall.
Not far from the ancestral hall, a young man was walking towards the ancestral hall. The young man was wearing a tight-fitting robe. The robe was tattered and covered in blood.
The young man was Ye Xuan, who had rushed back from Nanshan!
Seeing Ye Xuan, Ye Lang's mouth curled into a cold smile.
In the ancestral hall, the Elders frowned.
The Great Elder narrowed his eyes. His face was dark and gloomy. No one knew what he was thinking.
From afar, when Ye Xuan saw Zhang Mu dragging Ye Ling, his face turned savage. "Who gave you the guts to touch my sister?"
When Zhang Mu saw Ye Xuan, his face changed. He looked at Ye Lang and was about to speak. At this moment, Ye Xuan leaped in front of him like a ferocious tiger. Before the latter could react, Ye Xuan's fist landed on his face.
Peng!
Zhang Mu felt dizzy, and he stumbled and fell.
Ye Lang did not stop there. He charged at Zhang Mu again. At this time, Ye Lang suddenly roared, "Ye Xuan, he's my man. How dare you …"
Ye Xuan suddenly stepped on Zhang Mu's chest.
Pu!
Zhang Mu spat out a mouthful of blood.
Seeing this, Ye Lang's face turned ugly. Ye Xuan lifted his head to look at him, asking savagely, "Your man?"
As he spoke, he stomped on Zhang Mu's face.
Zhang Mu's face turned into a bloody mess, as he screamed, "Prince, save, save me …"
Ye Xuan ignored Zhang Mu, walking up to Ye Ling. Seeing Ye Ling's state, Ye Xuan felt as though his heart was being sliced apart. He clenched his fists, and his entire body trembled.
When Ye Ling saw Ye Xuan, her tears flowed, "Brother, it hurts, it hurts …"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan's expression turned savage. In the next instant, he charged in front of Zhang Mu and kicked Zhang Mu's head.
Peng!
Qingcheng, Ye Clan, Ancestral Hall.
"Ancestors, Ye Xuan has no talent, no virtue … From now on, Ye Xuan's position as Prince shall be replaced by Ye Lang."
The one who spoke was an old man in black robes.
Not far behind the old man, there was a youth with a faint smile on his face.
This person was Ye Lang.
On both sides, there were the Ye Clan Elders.
"Why!?"
Right at this moment, a slightly timid voice suddenly resounded within the ancestral hall.
Everyone turned to look and saw a little girl standing at the door. She was about 12 or 13 years old, and her hands were tightly gripping the hem of her skirt. Her face had a sickly pallor, and she looked a little weak. There was even a trace of fear in her eyes.
This girl was called Ye Ling, and she was Ye Xuan's younger sister. When she heard that the clan wanted to remove Ye Xuan, she had rushed over despite her illness.
The old man frowned, "Ye Ling, what are you doing!?"
The girl called Ye Ling bowed to everyone in the hall, speaking timidly, "Great Elder, my brother, Ye Xuan, is the Prince. Why did you cripple him for no reason?"
The Great Elder looked at Ye Ling coldly, "This is a matter of the clan, why are you butting in?
Leave! "
Ye Ling was clearly a little fearful. She did not dare to look the Great Elder in the eye, but she did not leave. Instead, she mustered up her courage and walked into the ancestral hall. She bowed to the elders on both sides of the hall and said, "Elders, my brother is currently fighting with the Li family for the mining rights of the mine in Nanshan. He is now fighting for the family, and it is unknown whether he is alive or dead. However, the family has used a groundless excuse to remove his position as the Crown Prince.
"Impudent!"
The Great Elder suddenly raged, "Whether he's stripped or not, it's not up to a little girl like you to decide.
Men, drag her away! "
At this time, the new Prince, Ye Lang, suddenly laughed, "He should be flogged 30 times as a warning to others!"
The Great Elder replied coldly, "Then flog him 30 times!"
Very quickly, two Ye Clan guards rushed in.
Ye Ling clenched her fists, and said angrily, "This is unfair! My brother has risked his life for the clan for so many years, and even now, he's fighting for the clan. This is unfair to him …"
One of the guards glanced at the new Prince, Ye Lang. He knew that this was his chance to shine.
The guard sneered, "Young Master Ye Lang inherits the title of Prince. What are you shouting for?" As he spoke, he raised his hand and slapped Ye Ling's face.
Slap!
A crisp slap sounded, and the right side of Ye Ling's face instantly turned red and swollen. However, she did not cry, and only covered her cheek tightly.
Ye Lang looked at the guard, and smiled, "What's your name?"
The guard hurriedly bowed, "Subordinate Zhang Mu greets the Prince."
Ye Lang nodded, "You're not bad. After I become the Prince, I'll need ten guards. From now on, you'll be my guard."
Hearing this, Zhang Mu was overjoyed, and hurriedly bowed deeply, "I'll go through fire and water for the Prince, and I'll do anything for you!"
Ye Lang nodded, "Drag him away. This person is causing trouble in the ancestral hall. Don't hold back, understand?"
Zhang Mu glanced at Ye Lang, and when he saw the murderous intent in Ye Lang's eyes, he understood.
He immediately grabbed Ye Ling's hair and dragged her out.
At this moment, Zhang Mu seemed to have seen something, and suddenly stopped.
In the ancestral hall, everyone turned their heads to look outside.
Not far from the ancestral hall, a young man was walking towards the ancestral hall. The young man was wearing a tight-fitting robe, and the robe was tattered, and there was blood everywhere.
The young man was Ye Xuan, who had rushed back from Nanshan!
Seeing Ye Xuan, Ye Lang's mouth curled into a cold smile.
In the ancestral hall, the Elders frowned.
The Great Elder narrowed his eyes, and his face was dark. No one knew what he was thinking.
From afar, when Ye Xuan saw Zhang Mu dragging Ye Ling, his face turned savage, "Who gave you the guts to touch my sister?"
When Zhang Mu saw Ye Xuan, his face changed. He hurriedly looked at Ye Lang, and just as he was about to speak, Ye Xuan leaped in front of him like a ferocious tiger. Before the latter could react, Ye Xuan's fist landed on his face.
Peng!
Zhang Mu felt a wave of dizziness, and he stumbled and fell.
Ye Lang did not stop there, and he charged towards Zhang Mu again. At this time, Ye Lang suddenly roared, "Ye Xuan, he's my man, how dare you …"
Ye Xuan suddenly stepped on Zhang Mu's chest.
Pu!
Zhang Mu spat out a mouthful of blood.
Seeing this, Ye Lang's face turned ugly, while Ye Xuan lifted his head to look at him, asking savagely, "Your man?"
As he spoke, he stomped down on Zhang Mu's face.
Zhang Mu's face turned into a bloody mess, as he screamed, "Prince, save, save me …"
Ye Xuan did not care about Zhang Mu, as he walked to Ye Ling's side. Seeing Ye Ling's state, Ye Xuan felt as though his heart was being sliced by a knife. He clenched his fists, and his entire body trembled.
When Ye Ling saw Ye Xuan, tears welled up in her eyes, "Brother, it hurts, it hurts …"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan's expression turned savage. In the next instant, he charged in front of Zhang Mu, and kicked Zhang Mu's head.
Peng!





Chapter 1292
In fact, Venerable Mi really did not expect Ye Xuan to quietly read Buddhist scriptures for so many days!
During this period, he would come every day, and Ye Xuan was indeed reading Buddhist scriptures. Other than that, he did nothing else.
He could not help but doubt himself. Was this guy really here to learn Buddhism?
That should not be the case!
At this moment, Ye Xuan chuckled, "Master, are you giving it to me or not?"
Venerable Mi collected his thoughts. He looked at Ye Xuan with a gloomy face, "Young Master Ye, what are you trying to do?"
Ye Xuan put away his smile and put his palms together, "Master, I just want to learn Buddhism, really!"
Venerable Mi looked at Ye Xuan without saying a word.
Ye Xuan said seriously, "If Master doesn't believe me, I can swear on the name of Buddha. If what I say is false, Buddha …"
Venerable Mi suddenly interrupted Ye Xuan, "Young Master Ye, this old monk does not understand. Why do you swear on the name of Buddha?
Why don't you swear on yourself? "
Ye Xuan spread his palms, "Master, look, I have achieved spiritual insight. I am also a disciple of Buddhism!"
Venerable Mi's mouth twitched, "Young Master Ye is not a disciple of Buddhism!"
Ye Xuan looked at Venerable Mi, "Master, Buddha once said, 'With Buddha in your heart, everyone is Buddha'. I, Ye Xuan, have cultivated Buddhism by chance and achieved spiritual insight. Master, on what basis do you say I am not a disciple of Buddhism?
Of course, I am a disciple of Buddha, not a disciple of the Realm of Ultimate Bliss!
But strictly speaking, we all believe in Buddha. What you believe in, I believe in. We can not interfere with each other. "
Venerable Mi looked at Ye Xuan and put his palms together, "Young Master Ye, your shamelessness has refreshed my understanding of shamelessness."
Ye Xuan: "…"
Venerable Mi said in a deep voice, "Young Master Ye, to let you learn Buddhism here is already …"
Ye Xuan suddenly punched in front of him.
Boom!
The ground in front of Ye Xuan collapsed!
Venerable Mi's voice stopped abruptly. At this time, countless Buddhist powerhouses rushed over!
Ye Xuan suddenly took out the Tendo Sword. Seeing the Tendo Sword, Venerable Mi's eyelids twitched and he hurriedly said, "Young Master Ye!"
Ye Xuan said calmly, "Venerable Mi, let me tell you, when my Sister Nian comes, it won't be as simple as asking for Buddhist scriptures!"
Venerable Mi glared at Ye Xuan. "What are you trying to do!"
Ye Xuan sheathed his Tendo Sword and clasped his palms together. "I am very thirsty for Buddha's help. Please, Great Master!"
Venerable Mi said angrily, "Young Master Ye, do you think we're stupid?
What are you going to do? "
Ye Xuan was expressionless. He took out the Tendo Sword again. Soon, the sword began to vibrate.
Seeing this, Venerable Mi's expression changed. He hurriedly said, "Young Master Ye, we can negotiate!
We can negotiate! "
Ye Xuan said calmly, "Great Master, I want all the Buddhist scriptures!"
Venerable Mi was silent.
Ye Xuan suddenly raged, "Give it to me!
Or I'll call for help! "
The monks: "…"
Venerable Mi looked deeply at Ye Xuan. Damn, this guy is playing the gangster!
At this time, a voice suddenly rang out in Venerable Mi's mind. "Give it to him!"
Venerable Mi took a deep breath and turned to leave.
Give it to Ye Xuan!
Before Namo Buddhist Lord returned, they couldn't lure Mu Niannian over.
The monks around him were all looking at Ye Xuan. Their gazes were a little unfriendly, but some of them were curious.
Ye Xuan looked at the monks around him and clasped his palms together. "Greetings, Great Masters. Who has the Indestructible Body?
I would like to borrow it … "
All the monks: "…"
Ye Xuan still wanted to ask something, but the monks suddenly turned around and disappeared.
Ye Xuan blinked and said, "Am I that terrifying?"
At this moment, Ye Zhiming appeared beside Ye Xuan. "There's only one explanation for their tolerance. Do you understand?"
Ye Xuan nodded, and the smile on his face gradually disappeared. "They should be contacting the Underworld!"
Ye Zhiming said in a low voice, "What if the experts of the underworld come?"
Ye Xuan laughed and said, "We have to see him.
What kind of attitude was that?
If you want to kill me, I will definitely kill my way back!
Speaking of which, the Underworld shouldn't have any thoughts about this scripture, right? "
Ye Zhiming said, "Wrong!
I can tell you that two of the nine Dao Scriptures are in the underworld. The status of the Dao Scriptures in the underworld is not lower than that of the Dao Stone. And now, not only do I have the Dao Stone, I also have the Dao Scriptures!
Unless you're willing to hand it over! "
Ye Xuan was silent.
Ye Zhiming continued, "Be it the Dao Stone or the Dao Scriptures, they are the supreme treasures of this world. And now, both of them are in my hands."
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Miss Ye, with my current strength, what is my rank in the Underworld?"
Ye Zhiming said, "The top!"
Ye Xuan asked, "What about above the top?"
Ye Zhiming said, "Only true Dao Validation experts can pose a threat to me. And there are such experts in the Underworld, and there are quite a few of them."
Ye Xuan suddenly laughed.
Ye Zhiming asked, "What are you laughing at?"
Ye Xuan said softly, "Miss Ye, the Underworld is actually not the strongest force in this universe, right?"
Ye Zhiming said, "Indeed not!"
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "Whirling World?
Milky Way Realm? "
Ye Zhiming shook his head. "There's another place. That place is the most dangerous, but I can't tell you!"
Ye Xuan was puzzled. "Why?"
Ye Zhiming said, "That place is very special. It's unspeakable and unreadable. If I tell you, I will suffer a backlash."
Ye Xuan frowned. "It's that terrifying?"
Ye Zhiming nodded. "Other than that special place, we also have to be careful of the Whirling World because the Dao Scripture might have originated from there!"
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "Might?
Is it true or not? "
Ye Zhiming looked at Ye Xuan. "Yes!"
Ye Xuan stared at Ye Zhiming. "Are you sure?"
Ye Zhiming nodded. "Yes."
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "Miss Ye, what's your goal?"
After a moment of silence, Ye Zhiming said, "Find all the pages of the Dao Scripture and complete it."
Ye Xuan asked, "And then?"
Ye Zhiming was about to speak when Venerated Mi suddenly appeared in front of them. Venerated Mi looked at Ye Zhiming. "Miss, you are?"
Ye Xuan said, "My younger sister!"
Younger sister!
Venerated Mi frowned. "Isn't your younger sister Ye Ling?"
At this moment, a sword intent enveloped Venerated Mi.
Ye Xuan stared at Venerated Mi. "What happened between us has nothing to do with my younger sister. Don't go looking for her, or I'll fight you to the death!"
Venerated Mi looked at Ye Xuan. With a wave of his right hand, a large pile of Buddhist scriptures appeared in front of Ye Xuan before he turned and left.
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Don't go looking for my younger sister, or I'll fight you to the death!"
Venerated Mi didn't reply and disappeared into the distance.
Ye Zhiming suddenly asked, "Do you really want him to go looking for your younger sister?"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "No, no. I don't want them to go looking for my younger sister, really!"
With that, he kept the Buddhist scriptures and walked towards the Buddhist hall.
Ye Zhiming hurriedly followed. "Is your younger sister special?"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "Not special, just an ordinary girl."
Ye Zhiming glanced at Ye Xuan. "That's impossible!"
Ye Xuan smiled bitterly. "Miss Ye, I'll tell you the truth!
Even Sister Nian might not be able to defeat my 'younger sister' … "
How strong is the soul in Ye Ling's body?
He didn't know. All he knew was that the woman with the spear respected the mysterious woman. Even now, he didn't have the confidence to defeat the mysterious woman!
To put it simply, the mysterious woman's strength was no weaker than Mu Niannian's.
Ye Zhiming suddenly asked, "Can we talk about the people behind you?"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "I can't because I don't know many of them!"
Ye Zhiming asked, "How are they related to the green-robed man?"
Ye Xuan thought for a moment. "I'm also from the Sword Sect, and he's the founder of the Sword Sect."
Ye Zhiming frowned. "That's it?
”
Ye Xuan looked at Ye Zhiming. "What do you mean?"
Ye Zhiming said in a deep voice, "I feel like the two of you are similar!"
Ye Xuan blinked. "Don't tell me he's my father?"
Ye Zhiming said softly, "Is it impossible?"
Ye Xuan laughed. "Big Sis, do you think I haven't thought about this?
But do you know?
He's someone from many, many years ago!
Moreover, he had already left this universe a long, long time ago!
Tell me, how can I be his son? "
Ye Zhiming fell silent.
Ye Xuan said again, "I've met him twice. Do you know what my impression of him is?"
Ye Zhiming looked at Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan said, "He's very easy-going. Anyway, he's the kind of person who has a good temper and is approachable. One look and you can tell that he's an honest man. It's impossible for someone like him to have the Demonic Bloodline of mine!"
Ye Zhiming frowned. "He doesn't have such a bloodline?"
Ye Xuan shrugged. "In any case, I don't feel it!"
Ye Zhiming fell silent.
Ye Xuan said again, "Looking at my bloodline, it goes without saying that my ancestor or that cheap father of mine isn't a good person. As for that green-robed man, I think he has a good temper."
Ye Zhiming said in a deep voice, "There are two swords at the top of the pagoda. One of them belongs to the green-robed man. What about the other one?"
Ye Xuan said, "It belongs to the Banished Immortal Island's Founder. I've seen that Swordsman once and he even helped me!"
Ye Zhiming glanced at Ye Xuan. "That means the green-robed man, the plain-robed woman, and the Banished Immortal Island's Founder are related to him, right?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "You can say that!"
Ye Zhiming suddenly said, "And this Mu Niannian … I suddenly realized that he's a second-generation heir!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Ye Zhiming said again, "If you don't think the green-robed man is your father, then who do you think is?"
Ye Xuan thought for a moment and said, "I don't know, but I know that my father has the Demonic Madness Bloodline, so he's definitely not a good person. It's obvious that he's not a normal person. He's probably a heinous devil. Even if he's not a devil, he's definitely a lunatic!"
He looked at Ye Zhiming. "That's why I feel that if my cheap father is still here, we might have to fight one on one in the future!
Because I don't have a good temper!
I don't know if I can beat him, but it doesn't matter. If I can't beat him, I'll call for help! "
Ye Zhiming glanced at Ye Xuan. "Call for who?
That green-robed man? "
Ye Xuan chuckled. "It's not impossible, Miss Ye. Let me tell you, I'm very familiar with him. It won't be a problem to ask him to help me fight someone, really!"
Ye Zhiming frowned. "His bloodline isn't simple, and my father is definitely not a simple person. Can that green-robed man beat him?"
Ye Xuan thought for a moment and said, "He should be able to …"
....
PS: Do you believe in fate?
I do!
In 2015, I started writing online novels and got to know many readers. It was online novels that changed my fate.
But I believe that fate is not predetermined, and hard work can change everything.
When I was writing Sword Domain, I didn't have any readers, and I only had a dozen or so subscriptions. I worked alone every day, and my monthly royalties were more than 300.
Only a reader called 'Soul Eater' told me that as long as I persisted in writing, he would give me 50 yuan every month.
Actually, he didn't know that 50 yuan was a lot for me at that time.
Just like that, I persisted in writing.
Sword Domain's results slowly got better and better … If it wasn't for that 50 yuan, I might have really gone into the sea.
In our lives, we might have to make many choices. Some people choose to give up, while others choose to persevere and work hard.
And every choice we make will change our fate.
Perhaps hard work won't change our fate, but those who work hard will definitely live a good life.
Take me for example. Although I don't have many monthly votes, I still insist on asking for votes every day.
What if someone votes for me every day?





Chapter 1293
Actually, Ye Xuan had no love or hate for that unknown father of his. Simply put, he had no feelings for him.
The two did not dwell on this issue. Ye Xuan returned to the temple and continued studying the scriptures.
He had to admit that these scriptures were much better than the previous ones. There were even some cultivation insights. Although not much, they were very practical.
...
Outside the temple.
Venerable Mi's face was gloomy. No one knew what he was thinking.
He did not think that Ye Xuan was studying Buddhism. This guy must have some unspeakable secrets!
But he had no choice!
The Realm of Pure Bliss could only wait for Nan Wu to return.
Fortunately, Ye Xuan only read the scriptures and did not do anything out of line. Otherwise, the Realm of Pure Bliss would never agree to it.
Although they were wary of Mu Niannian, it did not mean that they did not have any tricks up their sleeves!
Ye Xuan understood this as well. That was why he did not ask the Buddhists to give him the Innumerable Buddha Indestructible Body. He knew that if he did, the Buddhists would never agree to it. By that time, he would not even be able to get the scriptures, let alone the Innumerable Buddha Indestructible Body!
These scriptures may be precious, but to the Realm of Pure Bliss, they were just scriptures!
...
Inside the temple, Ye Xuan was studying the scriptures in a frenzy.
He knew that he did not have much time left!
Just like that, three days later, Ye Xuan had fully comprehended the scriptures. He and Ye Zhiming found some passages from Daoist scriptures, but it was still incomplete!
Inside the temple, Ye Xuan sat on the ground with his legs crossed, silent.
Beside him, Ye Zhiming was also silent!
The fourth volume of Daoist scripture was incomplete!
Ye Xuan turned to Ye Zhiming, "Is it because the monk was holding back, or the scriptures are incomplete?"
Ye Zhiming said in a low voice, "Both possibilities!"
Ye Xuan was silent.
Ye Zhiming was silent as well.
After a long time, Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Miss Ye, I think we might be wrong!"
Ye Zhiming looked at Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Think about it, what's the purpose of that senior monk merging the fourth volume into these Buddhist scriptures?"
Ye Zhiming narrowed his eyes. "Let the Buddhist disciples of the Western Paradise learn Buddhist scriptures!"
Ye Xuan said excitedly, "Yes, that Senior Monk's goal is to let Buddhist disciples learn Buddhist Dharma. In other words …"
Ye Zhiming suddenly said, "Buddhist scriptures are Daoist scriptures!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "If I'm not wrong, the eminent monk might have been afraid that the fourth volume of the Dao Scripture would fall into the hands of an evil person. Thus, he held back. Only a true Buddhist practitioner could obtain the fourth volume of the Dao Scripture!"
Ye Zhiming said, "A true Buddhist practitioner … in other words, someone approved by him?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Ye Zhiming asked in a deep voice, "How can we gain his recognition?"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "It's very simple!"
Ye Zhiming looked at Ye Xuan and said, "Don't speak!"
The corners of Ye Xuan's mouth curled up. "Watch me!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he took a step forward. The Sword Domain suddenly appeared here, and it instantly enveloped all the scriptures here.
Within the Sword Domain, Ye Xuan could see through everything!
In next to no time, the scriptures within the Sword Domain suddenly started trembling, and then some fine golden characters flew out from within the scriptures. In the end, the golden characters converged into the form of an old monk!
Ye Zhiming's face sank when he saw the old monk.
The person in front of him should be the eminent Buddhist monk who had obtained the fourth scroll!
After the senior monk appeared, his gaze fell on Ye Zhiming. When he saw Ye Zhiming, he was slightly stunned and said softly, "You're actually from that place …"
Ye Zhiming did not say a word.
However, she had unknowingly clenched her fists.
The senior monk looked at Ye Zhiming and smiled. "Miss, you were born with a pair of sharp eyes and a wise heart. How rare!"
Ye Zhiming remained silent.
The senior monk's gaze fell onto Ye Xuan and he smiled. "The Cause of Calamity!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes!"
The senior monk smiled. "You're wise and perceptive!"
Ye Xuan pressed his palms together. "Master, please forgive me for using such a method to invite you out."
He didn't try to play tricks because doing so would only be asking to be humiliated.
The senior monk chuckled. "I just didn't expect that it wasn't someone from the Western Realm who discovered the secrets of these scriptures, but outsiders!"
He paused for a moment and continued, "Of course, even though you're outsiders, you're still fated!
Especially you, little brother. You're fated with the Buddhist Realm. "
Ye Xuan smiled. "Senior, to tell you the truth, I'm enemies with the Western Realm!"
The senior monk pressed his palms together. "Little brother, I can tell that you're not an evil person."
Ye Xuan smiled. "I have a Daoist scripture on me that the Western Realm wants to steal from me."
The senior monk's eyes flashed with surprise. "Is it the Void Escape Scroll?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
The senior monk whispered. "No wonder, I sensed the aura of a prophet on you … But the prophet should've disappeared completely.
Am I right? "
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes!"
The senior monk sighed. "The greed of humans has caused the deaths of many!"
Ye Xuan said. "Master, you merged the Daoist scripture into the Buddhist scriptures to avoid the greed of the Western Realm's monks, am I right?"
The senior monk nodded. "Monks cultivate Buddhism, but also Daoism. It should be said that the ultimate goal of many monks cultivating Buddhism is to cultivate Daoism, and Daoism is to compete.
Now the Western Realm wants to compete for the Daoist scripture in your hands! "
Ye Xuan asked in a deep voice, "Master, what do you think of this?"
The senior monk smiled. "You want me to criticize the Western Realm!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Master, will you?"
The senior monk shook his head. "I won't!"
Ye Xuan looked at the senior monk and didn't say anything.
The senior monk whispered. "Little brother, we live more for ourselves in this world.
Changing others is the most taboo in this world because it is very difficult.
It is also best not to criticize others because we are not others. We are not qualified to use our own standards and worldview to judge others.
Just like the Western Realm, if they want to compete, I don't have the right to criticize them!
I can't stop them from competing just because I don't, right? "
Ye Xuan was silent.
The senior monk continued. "Of course, in my opinion, it is wrong for them to forcefully snatch little brother's study room.
But little brother, aren't your actions the same as forcefully taking the Daoist scripture from the Western Realm? "
Ye Xuan looked at the senior monk and smiled. "No!
If you are not willing to give it to me, I will not force it. "
Ye Zhiming looked at Ye Xuan and frowned.
The senior monk looked at Ye Xuan and didn't say anything.
Ye Xuan continued, "Master, I am the enemy of the Western Realm. If this Daoist scripture is in the hands of the Western Realm, I will take it away at all costs because I will not talk about benevolence or morality to my enemies.
But Master is different. Master has a benevolent heart and can distinguish between right and wrong. Most importantly, Master has never targeted me, Ye Xuan. Therefore, in my heart, Master is not an enemy. "
The senior monk looked at Ye Xuan. "But I am from the Western Realm."
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Although the Elysium is my enemy, are all the monks in the Elysium bad people?
Similarly, are all the people in the Fifth Dimension good people? "
A complicated look flashed in the senior monk's eyes. "Good!"
Ye Zhiming looked at Ye Xuan and didn't say anything.
She knew that this guy was going to start his performance!
Ye Xuan clasped his hands together. "Master, to be honest.
To be honest, after coming into contact with Buddhism, I am very interested in it. However, I am very confused and confused about some of the theories and ideas of Buddhism!
Master, please enlighten me! "
The senior monk smiled. "Speak!"
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "Master, Buddha says that all living beings are equal. However, all living beings are not equal. Is Buddha lying to people?"
The senior monk smiled. "All living beings are equal. This statement is very absurd in the entire universe. However, in the hearts of some people, all living beings are equal.
I believe that in Young Master Ye's heart, Young Master Ye wouldn't look down on others just because he has reached Self Release, right? "
Ye Xuan looked straight at the senior monk. "Then in Master's heart?"
The senior monk smiled. "In my heart, all living beings are equal.
Of course, there is still a difference between Buddha and all living beings. The difference lies in enlightenment and unenlightenment!
Buddha is an enlightened person, while humans are an unenlightened Buddha. "
Ye Xuan clasped his hands together. "I understand.
One last question. Master, if there is a conflict between cultivating Buddhism and cultivating Dao, what should I do? "
The eminent monk smiled slightly. "It depends on the individual because everyone's choice is different. Some people cultivate Buddhism because they want to use the Buddhist Dharma to cultivate the Dao and achieve the legendary immortality. Some people cultivate Buddhism because they want to cultivate Buddhism and not for the sake of cultivating the Dao.
Just like you, little brother. Your ultimate goal in cultivating Buddhism is to cultivate Dao. Therefore, you cannot become a monk. In your heart, cultivating Buddhism is only to strengthen yourself, right? "
Ye Xuan nodded.
The senior monk clasped his hands together. "In this Realm of Pure Bliss, there are many people like Young Master Ye."
At this time, Ye Zhiming suddenly said, "Back then, the Realm of Pure Bliss split because of this belief, right?"
The senior monk glanced at Ye Zhiming and smiled. "Yes!
Some people advocate cultivating Buddhism, while others advocate cultivating Buddhism and Dao. However, if you want to cultivate Dao, you have to fight. This is in conflict with some Buddhist teachings. "
Ye Zhiming said solemnly, "I feel that you have turned yourselves into demons.
Whether it is Dao or Buddhism, it is all about fighting!
Master, when you cultivate Buddhism, don't you need to absorb the spiritual energy of heaven and earth?
Isn't this the same as fighting against heaven and earth? "
The senior monk chuckled. "Miss, your words are sharp!"
Ye Zhiming said indifferently, "Isn't that so?"
The senior monk clasped his hands together. "I have already dispersed my cultivation and returned it to this world."
Ye Xuan's expression changed.
Ye Zhiming's expression also changed.
Dispersed his cultivation and returned it to this world!
Did this monk really do that?
The senior monk said again, "Miss, you are right. Cultivating Buddhism and Dao are different paths that lead to the same goal. We did not understand this point back then!"
Ye Xuan suddenly looked at Ye Zhiming. "Let's go!"
Ye Zhiming said solemnly, "The Dao Scripture!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "If it is mine, then it is mine. If it isn't, then it isn't. I don't want to snatch it from you."
Saying so, he pulled Ye Zhiming and left.
At this moment, the senior monk suddenly said, "Little brother, if I give you the Dao Scripture, will you still fight against the Realm of Pure Land?"
Ye Xuan stopped and looked at the senior monk. "I will!"
The senior monk clasped his hands together. "If little brother becomes invincible one day, how will you treat the Realm of Pure Land?"
Ye Xuan looked straight at the senior monk. "I will kill all my enemies, be they good or bad. As long as they are my enemy, I will kill them."
The senior monk looked at Ye Xuan for a long time. Opening his palm, an ancient book appeared in his hand. "Little brother, this is the fourth Dao Scripture. Now, it is yours!"
Saying so, the Dao Scripture floated towards Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan's face was full of confusion. "Master, this happiness came a little too suddenly!
Tell me honestly, do you have a grudge against the Realm of Pure Land? "
The senior monk was speechless.
..





Chapter 1294
Not to mention Ye Xuan, even Ye Zhiming was puzzled.
Ye Xuan wanted to kill everyone in the Realm of Pure Land, but this monk still wanted to give him the scripture!
Did he have a grudge against the Realm of Pure Land?
The monk smiled, "I have no grudge against the Realm of Pure Land. No matter what little brother says, I will give it to little brother."
Ye Xuan frowned, "Why is that?"
The monk smiled without saying a word.
Ye Xuan still wanted to say something, but Ye Zhiming suddenly said, "Let's go!"
Ye Xuan glanced at Ye Zhiming, who said softly, "Let's go!"
Ye Xuan kept the scripture, nodded, and left with Ye Zhiming.
But soon, Ye Xuan stopped and turned to the monk, "Master, do you know about the Infinite Buddha Invincible Body?"
The monk nodded, "I do."
Ye Xuan hesitated, then said, "Can you give me the Infinite Buddha Invincible Body as well?"
Ye Zhiming, "…"
The monk looked at Ye Xuan, and after a long silence, he pointed with his fingers, and a ray of Buddhist light entered Ye Xuan's forehead!
A moment later, Ye Xuan bowed to the monk, "Thank you!"
With that, he left with Ye Zhiming.
Inside the temple, the monk put his palms together, and said softly, "The good karma has been sown, I hope it will bear fruit!"
With that, his body gradually turned illusory.
...
Just as Ye Xuan and Ye Zhiming left the temple, Venerated Mi appeared in front of them.
Venerated Mi didn't know what happened inside the temple, because Ye Xuan used his sword domain to completely isolate the temple from the outside world.
Venerated Mi looked at Ye Xuan, "Young Master Ye is leaving?"
Ye Xuan nodded, smiling, "Yes!
Is Venerated Mi reluctant to part with me? "
Venerated Mi put his palms together, "Young Master Ye, you think too much!"
Ye Zhiming shook his head with a smile.
Ye Xuan laughed, "Master, farewell!"
With that, he disappeared into the horizon with Ye Zhiming.
...
Venerable Mi walked quickly into the hall. The scriptures were still there, not a single one missing.
Venerable Mi frowned. "Is that guy really here to read Buddhist scriptures?"
...
When Ye Xuan arrived in the starry space, Jiang Yu and the others were still there.
Seeing Ye Xuan, Jiang Yu quickly went up to greet him, "Young master Ye!"
Ye Xuan looked around Jiang Yu. "Where's Miss Li?"
Jiang Yu said solemnly, "She left!"
Ye Xuan was puzzled. "Why?"
Jiang Yu smiled and said, "I told her that we need to pick a side. Either we stand with Young Master Ye, or we stand with the Realm of Ultimate Bliss … She might have other ideas!"
Ye Xuan looked at Jiang Yu. "You chose me!"
Jiang Yu nodded.
After a moment of silence, Ye Xuan said, "Pavilion Master Jiang, let's talk somewhere else!"
With that, he turned and walked away.
Jiang Yu hurriedly followed.
In the starry space, Ye Xuan and Jiang Yu slowly walked into the distance.
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Pavilion Master Jiang, to tell you the truth, I've already obtained the Dao Scripture!"
Jiang Yu was stunned, then he smiled bitterly, "I've already guessed it!
But I can't confirm it! "
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Why?"
Jiang Yu said solemnly, "Young master Ye gives me a very dangerous feeling. This danger is different from before.
Moreover, Miss Mu has already reached the Dao Validation realm. Logically speaking, even if Young Master Ye doesn't have the Dao Scripture, he can definitely reach the Self Release realm. Moreover, it's the true Self Release realm! "
In fact, many people have overlooked this point.
Mu Niannian is at the Dao Validation realm!
Did she rely on the Dao Scripture to reach the Dao Validation realm?
Even if she did, that Ye Xuan has such a good relationship with her, how could he not have been guided by her?
Everyone's attention was on the Dao Scripture, but they neglected that Mu Niannian who has already reached the Dao Validation realm!
Therefore, in Jiang Yu's view, Ye Xuan should have already reached the true Self Release realm!
And the truth proves that his guess is correct.
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Pavilion Master Jiang, are you willing to go to the Fifth Dimension?"
Jiang Yu looked at Ye Xuan, he was stunned, then hurriedly said, "Yes!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Pavilion Master Jiang, you know that I have a lot of enemies now!"
Jiang Yu laughed heartily, "So what?
For the true Self Release realm, I'm willing to do anything! "
He was very straightforward, he followed Ye Xuan to reach the true Self Release realm.
Ye Xuan looked at Jiang Yu and smiled, "The true Self Release realm?
Pavilion Master Jiang, your requirements are too low! "
Jiang Yu looked at Ye Xuan in shock, "Young master Ye, you …"
Ye Xuan said, "Bring all the Self Release realm experts of the Dao World to the Fifth Dimension. You can tell them that anyone who follows me, Ye Xuan, if I reach the true Self Release realm, they can reach the true Self Release realm. If I reach the Dao Validation realm, they can reach the Dao Validation realm.
Of course, you have to tell them about my current situation. If they want to go, then go. If they don't want to, don't force them! "
Jiang Yu said solemnly, "They will go!
I understand them, in order to reach the true Self Release realm, even if you ask them to risk their lives, they will do it! "
Ye Xuan nodded, "After going to the Fifth Dimension, I will get someone to guide you!"
Jiang Yu hurriedly bowed respectfully, "Many thanks!
I will bring everyone to the Fifth Dimension now! "
Saying this, he turned and left.
Beside Ye Xuan, Ye Zhiming suddenly said, "Good idea!"
Ye Xuan looked at Ye Zhiming and Ye Zhiming said, "These people have reached the end of their path. Now that you have given them a new path, it is the same as giving them a new life.
However, you have to understand a problem, the greatest threat to the Fifth Dimension is not the Self Release realm, but the true Dao Validation realm. If two Dao Validation realm experts come, one can stall Mu Niannian, the other can sweep the entire Fifth Dimension. "
Ye Xuan smiled, "I also want to recruit some Dao Validation realm experts, but I can't!
Why don't you introduce some to me, Miss Ye? "
Ye Zhiming said indifferently, "No!"
Ye Xuan laughed, then said, "By the way, why did that high monk give me the fourth Dao Scripture?"
Ye Zhiming said, "There are two reasons. First, leaving this scripture in the Realm of Ultimate Bliss will bring disaster to the Realm of Ultimate Bliss. If the Realm of Ultimate Bliss has this scripture, it will be destroyed even faster!"
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "But in my hands, isn't it a disaster for the Realm of Ultimate Bliss?"
Ye Zhiming asked, "Who gave you the scripture?"
Ye Xuan said, "Great monk!"
Ye Zhiming looked at Ye Xuan. "He gave you the Dao Scripture and the Infinite Buddha Indestructible Body. This is a form of good karma. In the future, you will really win.
At that time, will you really destroy the entire Western Paradise?
If he dies, what about this favor? "
Ye Xuan was silent.
Ye Zhiming continued, "He planted a seed of good karma, and not only that, it's a favor that you can't reject.
Of course, if you lose, everything will be over.
But if you win, this favor and good karma will come into play. "
As she said that, she glanced at Ye Xuan. "You think you've made a profit!
But in reality, he will never make a loss. "
Ye Xuan said, "He didn't leave the Dao Scripture to the Realm of Ultimate Bliss, is it really because he's afraid that the scripture will bring more trouble to the Realm of Ultimate Bliss?"
Ye Zhiming nodded. "The current Realm of Ultimate Bliss can't withstand the karma of the Dao Scripture.
If you think about it carefully, you will realize that anyone who possesses the Dao Scripture will not have a good ending, including those who were once prophets. "
As she said that, she paused before continuing, "The people of the Realm of Ultimate Bliss can't understand this, but that great monk can.
。
Also, if it wasn't for the Dao Protector and Mu Niannian behind you, you wouldn't have a good ending either!
The two of them forcefully prolonged your life, do you know that? "
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Miss Ye, what about you?
Don't you also have a Dao Scripture? "
Ye Zhiming was expressionless. "Do I look like I'm doing well to you?"
Ye Xuan: "…"
Ye Zhiming said, "Let's go."
Ye Xuan nodded, and the two of them left.
When the two of them returned to the Fifth Dimension, Dao World's Jiang Yu also brought close to sixty Self Release Realm experts to the Fifth Dimension!
The current strength of the Fifth Dimension was not inferior to the Godly Kingdom of Ultimate Bliss and the Realm of Ultimate Bliss. Moreover, more and more Self Release Realm experts were rushing to the Fifth Dimension!
Because in the Fifth Dimension, one could reach true Self Release!
It could be said that the current Ye Xuan no longer hid the strength of the Fifth Dimension, and there was no need to hide it. What he needed to do now was to recruit people.
Fighting alone was not enough, ganging up on others was the way to go!
What was worth mentioning was that the ancient temple also sent people to the Fifth Dimension …
In addition, the Sixth Dimension's Wen Zhaoruo also brought experts from the Sixth Dimension to the Fifth Dimension.
Of course, those who went were all peak experts.
It could be said that the current Fifth Dimension had become the holy land in the hearts of all martial artists.
And Ye Xuan's reputation in the ten thousand worlds was also growing. Moreover, it was a good reputation, because he did not monopolize the Dao Scripture!
In Ye Xuan's words: Anyone who comes to the Fifth Dimension to help me is my, Ye Xuan's, brother, and I will share the Dao Scripture!
It was because of these words that countless Self Release Realm experts rushed to the Fifth Dimension.
Now, they would fight anyone who dared to touch Ye Xuan with their lives!
And after Ye Xuan returned to the Fifth Dimension, he directly went into seclusion to cultivate the Ten Thousand Buddha Undying Body.
As for the Dao Scripture, he did not study it because the Dao of Fate was not something he could touch right now. If he studied it now, it would only add to his worries.
For now, he only needed to do two things. Cultivate the Ten Thousand Buddha Undying Body and improve the Dao Scripture martial arts as well as his own Sword Dao.
His Sword Dao had already reached the Sword Transformation Realm. He had already walked a new path, and the future of this path could only be explored by himself!
When Ye Xuan went into seclusion, Ye Zhiming was responsible for passing on the Dao and giving pointers. Of course, she did not give pointers to just anyone. She only gave pointers to those who were more reliable. After all, Ye Xuan did not want to raise a group of ingrates.
Dao Sansheng was not idle either. During this time, she was also giving pointers to those experts!
When those Self Release Realm experts arrived in the Fifth Dimension, Dao Sansheng was overjoyed!
These Self Release Realm experts were extremely respectful towards Dao Sansheng. Even Jiang Yu was extremely respectful when he saw her. Dao Sansheng's strength was only second to Mu Niannian!
Although there were many experts in the Fifth Dimension, it was not chaotic at all. This was because no one dared to mess around!
If these Self Release Realm experts fought in the Fifth Dimension, it would be very harmful to the Fifth Dimension. Therefore, Ye Xuan had ordered that Self Release Realm experts could not casually fight in the Fifth Dimension, nor could they harm the Origin of the Fifth Dimension …
What was worth mentioning was the Fifth Dimension Great Formation!
The Fifth Dimension Great Formation made by Old Man Li had become even more terrifying!
This was because he was now using Self Release Realm experts to strengthen the formation …
....
In a certain wasteland, two people were slowly walking on the wasteland.
These two people were Nan Wu from the Realm of Western Paradise and Nan Chu from the Godly Kingdom of Xumi.
After walking for an unknown amount of time, the two suddenly stopped. At this moment, the sky above their heads had darkened and their surroundings had become incomparably gloomy.
A few dozen feet in front of the two people, there was a stone tablet. On the stone tablet were four large words: Do not approach.
....





Chapter 1295
Strangers are not to enter!
The netherworld!
Nan Chu looked at the stone tablet in front of him with a smile on his face.
At this moment, their bodies began to rot.
Nan Chu frowned and hurriedly pressed his hands forward. An invisible force vibrated in front of him.
Nan Wu hastily put his palms together and a ball of Buddhist light enveloped him.
But it was useless!
Their bodies were still rotting away.
Nan Chu hurriedly looked towards the Yin Realm. "The Dao Stone has appeared. It's in the Yang Realm!"
At this moment, a strange shadow suddenly appeared in front of them, and the shadow was holding a blood red chain in its hand!
A Self Release Realm expert!
Moreover, it was a true Self Release!
Southern Chu hurriedly said, "The Dao Stone has appeared. It's in the world of the living."
He knew that the only things that could move the Yin Realm were the Dao Stones and the Dao Scriptures.
The status of the Dao Stone in the netherworld was even higher than the Dao Scripture.
The shadow said hoarsely, "The Yang-Realm?"
Nan Chu nodded. "Yes."
The shadow quietly retreated.
Nan Chu frowned and looked at Nan Wu. Nan Wu remained silent.
At this moment, the space in front of them suddenly trembled. Then, the shadow from before appeared again.
There was also a middle-aged man who appeared with him.
The middle-aged man's body was illusory. He had a corporeal body, but it was very strange because the two of them could not sense the middle-aged man's existence.
The middle-aged man glanced at Nan Wu. "Buddha Realm!"
Nan Wu put his palms together and bowed slightly. "Sir, how is my Grandmaster Nanzang Bodhisattva?"
The middle-aged man nodded slightly. "Good day, Bodhisattva Nanzang."
As he spoke, he looked towards Southern Chu. "The Daoshi is in the Yang Realm?"
Nan Chu nodded. "Yes, I saw it with my own eyes. She's following a youth right now!"
The middle-aged man narrowed his eyes. "Did she recognize that youth as her master?"
Nan Chu thought for a moment and said, "I don't know!
However, she is very close to that young man. Their relationship is not simple! "
The middle-aged man frowned.
After a short moment, the middle-aged man said, "The two of you came here to tell us about this?"
Nan Chu continued, "Not only has the Daoist stone appeared, the Daoist scripture has also appeared."
Dao scriptures!
The middle-aged man looked at Southern Chu. "Also in that youth's hands?"
Nan Chu nodded. "Yes."
After a moment of silence, the middle-aged man said, "Can the two of you get the Dao Stone and the Dao Scripture for us?"
Nan Chu shook his head. "There is a woman by the youth's side. Her strength has already corroborated the Dao. The two of us are no match for her."
The middle-aged man said softly, "Looks like we can only go there ourselves!"
Nan Chu glanced at his body that was still corroding. Just as he was about to speak, the middle-aged man said, "The two of you have already stepped into the netherworld. The yin energy here isn't something the two of you can withstand. Retreat a hundred feet."
The two of them hurriedly retreated a hundred zhang away. After retreating a hundred zhang, their bodies were no longer corroded.
Only then did the two of them realize that there was a red line in front of them.
This was the Dao World that separated the Yin Realm and the Yang Realm.
Those from the netherworld couldn't cross over, and those from the mortal realm couldn't cross over either!
At this time, the middle-aged man and the shadow had already disappeared.
Nan Chu said softly, "Looks like they intend to find a way to break through this Dao World!"
As soon as he finished speaking, the blood red line in front of them suddenly started to tremble. The ground and mountains around them gradually shook, and space started to crack. Right at this moment, their expressions changed drastically because their bodies had started to corrode again!
The two of them hurriedly retreated explosively while a shadow spread towards the heavens and the earth around them, and the heavens and the earth started to corrode!
At this moment, the heavens and the earth in an area of millions of kilometers started to corrode bit by bit, and the entire world was filled with boundless yin energy.
Nearby, the blood red line suddenly trembled violently, and then a ray of red light shot into the sky. In an instant, the yin energy vanished without a trace. At the same time, the shadow in the heavens and the earth retreated repeatedly, and it didn't take long for them to retreat into the netherworld.
But at this moment, four people stood in front of the two of them.
The person in the lead was the middle-aged man from before, and there were three others by his side.
These three people were all true Self Release Realm powerhouses!
The middle-aged man turned to look at the Dao World and said softly, "What a powerful Dao World. If it wasn't for Gehenna King, we really wouldn't have been able to come out!"
Nan Chu said in a deep voice, "Your Excellency, that youth has a Dao Validation expert by his side."
In his opinion, just these four people from the netherworld might not be enough!
The middle-aged man looked at Nan Chu. "It's fine.
Lead the way! "
Nan Chu hesitated for a moment, then nodded.
Just like this, the few of them disappeared at the end of the horizon.
Two hours later.
In the Five-Dimensional Universe.
Dao Sansheng, who was preaching, suddenly raised her head. The next moment, she disappeared on the spot and rushed to Ye Xuan's room. She looked at Ye Xuan, who had a face full of shock. "They're here!"
Ye Xuan narrowed his eyes. "The netherworld?"
Dao Sansheng nodded. "Yes!"
Ye Xuan said, "Let's go!"
With that, he left the room with Dao Sansheng.
In another room, Ye Zhiming put down the ancient book in her hand. She looked up and said softly, "So fast …"
...
In the starry sky, the middle-aged man looked down. "I can already feel her!"
There was a trace of excitement in his voice.
At this moment, the middle-aged man suddenly raised his head. In the distant starry sky, a woman was looking at him.
The middle-aged man smiled. "As expected of a Dao Validation expert. Interesting!"
As he said that, he opened his palm and a black chain suddenly flew out. Then, it steadily landed in front of a man beside him, "Ah Tong, use this to imprison that stone later. I'll go meet this woman.
Oh yes, get that Dao Scripture too! "
After saying that, he disappeared.
At this moment, Ye Xuan and Dao Sansheng suddenly appeared in front of Ah Tong and the others.
Nan Chu glanced at Ye Xuan without saying a word.
Nan Wu put his palms together and closed his eyes. No one knew what he was thinking.
Ah Tong ignored Ye Xuan and looked at Dao Sansheng. "Are you going back with me, or do I have to force you to go back with me?"
Dao Sansheng was expressionless. She looked at the black chain with a solemn expression.
Ye Xuan asked, "What's that?"
Dao Sansheng said in a deep voice, "It's a treasure of the Underworld, the Soul-binding Chain. It contains the Dao Law of the Master of the Underworld. Even a Dao Validation expert can't break free once he's locked up."
With that, she paused for a moment and continued, "There's also my Dao Imprint on it. I … I can't resist this Soul-binding Chain!"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan understood.
This thing was a natural counter to Dao Sansheng!
This time, the Underworld had come prepared!
At this moment, Ah Tong suddenly said, "Looks like I have to force you to go back with me!"
With that, he was about to attack. At this moment, he seemed to have thought of something and suddenly looked at Ye Xuan. "I heard that you have the Dao Scripture!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes."
Ah Tong spread out his hand. "Give it to me!"
Ye Xuan was not angry at Ah Tong's reasonable tone. Instead, he smiled and said, "Why should I give it to you?"
Ah Tong chuckled. "I'm asking for it because I think highly of you. You should feel honored!"
Ye Xuan roared with laughter.
As soon as he finished laughing, he'd vanished on the spot. At the moment he vanished, both Nan Chu and Nan Wu's expressions changed drastically!
Release 1!
A true Release 1!
At this moment, their eyes were filled with disbelief. Because they hadn't expected that Ye Xuan had actually attained true Release 1!
As for Ah Tong, his pupils constricted at the moment Ye Xuan vanished!
The reason he was shocked was because he hadn't sensed Ye Xuan's realm just now. Nan Chu had told him that Ye Xuan was at most a false Release 1!
The difference between a false Release 1 and a true Release 1 was like the difference between the heavens and the earth!
Moreover, he'd overlooked something. Ye Xuan was a Swordsman and a Swordsman who'd attained the Sword Transformation Realm. To a certain extent, the Sword Transformation Realm was equivalent to the Dao Validation Realm.
He'd underestimated his opponent!
At the moment Ye Xuan attacked, this thought appeared in Ah Tong's mind. He wanted to resist, but it was too late because he'd lost the initiative and wasn't prepared. Most importantly, he hadn't expected that Ye Xuan would attack without a word.
Shouldn't there be some foreplay?
Chi!
Under everyone's gazes, Ye Xuan's sword accurately pierced through Ah Tong's forehead.
Death in one strike!
Ah Tong looked at Ye Xuan in a daze. At this moment, he realized that he hadn't underestimated his opponent, but he'd greatly underestimated his opponent!
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly smiled. "Killing you is your honor."
He paused for a moment before continuing, "Pardon me for asking, but how do you feel right now?"
Killing wasn't enough, he still wanted to destroy the heart!
Ah Tong looked at Ye Xuan without saying a word. His body became more and more illusory.
Ye Xuan smiled. "I wanted to have a chat with you, but your high and mighty appearance is really annoying. If I don't kill you, I won't be able to forgive myself."
As he spoke, he opened his palm. The Soul Binding Chain in Ah Tong's hand that hadn't come into play yet flew directly into his hand.
Ye Xuan sized up the Soul Binding Chain and then smiled. "Your Excellency, you should have come, but you still had to give me such a big gift. You're making me feel embarrassed!"
Ah Tong stared at Ye Xuan. "Do you think you've won?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "I don't know if I'll win. I only know that you're already dead!"
As he spoke, he opened his palm and the Soul Suppressing Sword directly entered Ah Tong's body.
Boom!
In an instant, Ah Tong's soul was directly absorbed.
At this moment, Nan Chu suddenly turned around and ran.
They'd underestimated Ye Xuan!
At this moment, Ye Xuan was no longer a match for them.
At this moment, he stopped. In front of him stood a woman. It was Aro.
In the distance, Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Aro, don't kill him. Leave him alive. I have use for him."
Aro nodded, then directly drew his sword and rushed towards Nan Chu.
On the other side, Ye Xuan looked at Nan Wu who was in the Realm of Ultimate Bliss. Nan Wu clasped his hands together. "Young Master Ye, this old monk is just passing by. Really!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Master, rest assured. Buddha is merciful. I won't kill you!"
Nan Wu immediately heaved a sigh of relief. At this moment, a sword suddenly pierced his forehead.
Chi!
Blood splattered.
Nan Wu looked at Ye Xuan with eyes full of disbelief. "Young Master Ye, didn't you say you won't kill me …"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Seeing how mischievous you are, I also want to be mischievous!"
Nan Wu: "…"
.....
PS: Actually, because of the books, I've read a lot of Buddhist scriptures recently.
The biggest gain from reading Buddhist scriptures is that I feel that I'm getting more and more handsome.





Chapter 1296
Ye Xuan pressed his fingers together and guided lightly, causing the Soul Suppressing Sword to directly enter Nan Wu's body. In an instant, Nan Wu's soul was directly absorbed!
His soul was obliterated!
Ye Xuan opened his palm, and the Soul Suppressing Sword fell into his hand. The Soul Suppressing Sword trembled slightly as if it was very excited.
Ye Xuan looked at the two remaining experts from the Nether Realm in the distance. At this moment, their expressions were extremely vigilant.
Ye Xuan suddenly vanished on the spot.
Hiss!
A strand of sword light tore through the battlefield.
At the instant Ye Xuan vanished, the two experts from the Nether Realm vanished on the spot as well.
One against two!
As soon as they fought, Ye Xuan directly suppressed the two experts from the Nether Realm.
A Swordsman!
Under normal circumstances, a Swordsman's combat strength was much higher than an ordinary person in the same realm of cultivation, and Ye Xuan wasn't an ordinary Swordsman!
Sword lights crisscrossed in the battlefield, and the two experts from the Nether Realm were forced to retreat repeatedly.
Right at this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly stopped, and he allowed one of the experts from the Nether Realm to smash his body with a punch. That punch contained extremely enormous energy of death and Yin Energy. Besides that, there was also some strange energy!
The expert from the Nether Realm was instantly stunned when he saw Ye Xuan suddenly give up on defense, and a strand of uneasiness arose in his heart. However, he was unable to retreat at this moment.
Bang!
When the expert's punch smashed onto Ye Xuan's chest, Ye Xuan's sword swept across the expert's throat.
Ye Xuan retreated over 30m while the expert's head flew into the air. Fresh blood sprayed out like a fountain from the expert's neck, and it was extremely bloody.
Ye Xuan didn't have any of those flashy moves now.
He would use whatever move was the most practical!
Killing was his final objective!
After Ye Xuan stopped, he looked at his body. The energy of death and Yin Energy on his chest had been absorbed by his body!
It could be absorbed!
The corners of Ye Xuan's mouth curled up slightly. It seemed that his immortal body was equally effective against the experts of the Underworld!
"Impossible!"
Not far away, the other expert from the Netherworld stared fixedly at Ye Xuan, his eyes filled with disbelief.
Ye Xuan had just received a punch from a Self Release Realm expert, and he was fine.
Physical body!
That expert from the Netherworld looked at Ye Xuan and was about to speak when Ye Xuan suddenly vanished from where he was.
In the distance, the pupils of that expert from the Yin Realm constricted abruptly, and then he suddenly slapped his right palm forward. In an instant, the space in front of him had directly transformed into a deathly silent area, and this deathly silent area was filled with boundless Death Qi and Yin Energy!
As for Ye Xuan, he directly rushed into the deathly still land. The deathly aura and nether aura did not hinder his footsteps. On the contrary, he directly absorbed all of the nether aura and deathly aura.
Moments later.
A sword flashed past the throat of that Netherworld expert.
Chi!
The Yin expert's head flew into the air, and almost at the same time, Ye Xuan's Soul Subduing Sword stabbed into the Yin expert's neck.
His Divine Soul was completely destroyed!
Ye Xuan turned around and walked in front of Dao San Sheng. He handed the black chain to Dao San Sheng. "This is for you!"
Dao San Sheng glanced at Ye Xuan. "You can use this to trap me!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "I know!"
Dao San Sheng frowned. He was puzzled. "Then give it back to me?
？”
Ye Xuan rolled his eyes at Dao San Sheng. "You are my military advisor and my friend. Why would I trap you?"
Dao San Sheng looked at Ye Xuan. "Do you see me as a friend?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Yes."
Dao San Sheng fell silent.
She had very few friends. No, apart from that one in the Netherworld, she had no other friends.
Ye Xuan suddenly smiled. "Have you never been friends with humans?"
Dao San Sheng nodded.
Ye Xuan chuckled. "Then you can give it a try."
Dao San Sheng nodded. "Alright!"
Ye Xuan continued, "You were talking about the Dao imprint inside. I'll give it to you now. You can do whatever you want with it!"
As he spoke, he placed the chain in Dao Sansheng's hand and looked up into the sky.
There was a trace of worry in his eyes.
That middle-aged man was a Dao Validation expert!
Could Sister Nian deal with him?
Ye Xuan was a little worried. He turned into a beam of sword light and disappeared.
Seeing this, Dao Sansheng hurriedly followed.
...
In the starry sky.
Mu Niannian was sitting casually on a wooden stool with a campfire in front of her.
Starry Sky Grilled Fish!
Actually, this scene was a little strange.
The middle-aged man from the Netherworld was sitting opposite Mu Niannian.
He looked at Mu Niannian and smiled, "You're the Dao Validation expert!"
Mu Niannian glanced at him and smiled, "Did the Netherworld send you?"
The middle-aged man smiled, "Isn't that enough?"
As he spoke, he glanced at his surroundings and chuckled softly, "To be honest, the mortal realm is very weak right now."
Mu Niannian smiled: "They are indeed very weak.
To be honest, I don't want to be enemies with you! "
"Enemies?"
The middle-aged man shook his head, "Let me correct you. You're not qualified to be enemies with the Netherworld.
People like you might be able to proclaim themselves as kings in the Yang-Realm, but in my Netherworld, you're really insignificant.
My words might be offensive, but that's the truth! "
Mu Niannian blinked, "Am I that weak?"
The middle-aged man smiled calmly, "It's not that you're weak, but we're too strong!"
Mu Niannian gave him a thumbs up, "You're really arrogant!"
The middle-aged man smiled, "But you can't do anything to me!"
Mu Niannian shook her head, "Actually, if I were you, I would send someone to investigate Ye Xuan and me, and investigate the ins and outs of everything … But you didn't do that.
Why didn't you do that?
Because you're confident!
In your heart, you think the Netherworld is stronger than the Yang-Realm, so you came here with a sense of superiority.
Do you know?
There's a saying in humans that 'the biggest enemy is yourself'.
I think this saying is very reasonable. Many people die not because they have to die, but because they seek death. "
The middle-aged man smiled, "Come, make your move. Let me regret it."
Mu Niannian smiled, she gently pulled out a fishbone from the grilled fish, and the next moment, the fishbone turned into a sword light and disappeared.
The sword light was silent, like a wisp of smoke!
And at this moment, the middle-aged man's smile froze.
This sword!
A myriad of thoughts flashed through the middle-aged man's mind. He knew that he had underestimated the enemy!
He had underestimated the enemy and lost the initiative.
However, he was a Dao Vindication expert, even if he had underestimated the enemy, he would not have been killed in one blow!
The middle-aged man slowly raised his right hand, and then pointed a finger, which directly touched the sword light.
There were no energy fluctuations!
This was a silent contest!
But soon, the outcome was decided!
The sword light suddenly pierced through the middle-aged man's finger, and then entered his body through his hand.
The middle-aged man's body stiffened, and he looked at Mu Niannian in a daze, "How is this possible!
You can't kill me … I've fused with the Great Dao … "
Mu Niannian rolled her eyes at the middle-aged man, "If fusing with the Great Dao makes you invincible, then what's the point of breaking through the Dao?"
The middle-aged man's pupils suddenly contracted, and he said in a trembling voice, "You … you've reached the Dao Vindication stage?"
Mu Niannian blinked, "Guess!"
The middle-aged man's expression suddenly became ferocious, "No!
Absolutely impossible! "
Mu Niannian sighed softly, "You remind me of someone!"
The middle-aged man stared at Mu Niannian, "Who!"
Mu Niannian smiled, "A woman who never changes her clothes. When I first saw her, I was just as shocked as you are, and I thought it was impossible!
Heavens, how could there be a woman stronger than me, Mu Niannian in this world?
Moreover, her Sword Dao is also stronger than mine, this is too tragic.
Since she was born in a plain dress, why did she give birth to me, Mu Niannian?
Doesn't that make me feel bad?
But I'm a bit better than you, and I quickly accepted it!
Why should we think that others can't do what we can't do? "
The middle-aged man slowly closed his eyes, "There's someone stronger than you?"
Sir!
The title had changed!
Mu Niannian pulled out a fish from somewhere, and continued to roast it, "Do you know why I didn't die back then?
Because I'm smarter than you, I didn't act high and mighty, I didn't think I was better than others, and I didn't carry that meaningless sense of superiority. "
She glanced at the middle-aged man, and the corners of her mouth curled up, "My modesty and low profile saved me. I've always believed that one should be humble and low profile. This may not bring you great benefits, but at least it won't bring you any harm."
Then she turned her head to look at Ye Xuan and Dao Sansheng, who were not far away. "I said that to you two!"
Ye Xuan nodded quickly, "I'm very humble, and I'm very low profile!"
Mu Niannian smiled, "Slippery fellow."
The middle-aged man suddenly said, "You've broken through your Dao, why are you still here?"
Mu Niannian glanced at the middle-aged man, "I haven't broken through my Dao!"
The middle-aged man narrowed his eyes, "That's impossible. If you hadn't broken through your Dao, you wouldn't have been able to kill me with one strike!"
Mu Niannian smiled, "I haven't broken through my Dao, but I have the ability to break through my Dao."
Ye Xuan glanced at Mu Niannian, and he was extremely shocked. My god, this Sister Nian is too terrifying!
In the distance, the middle-aged man glanced at Mu Niannian, and his expression was complicated. In his opinion, there might be people in the Yang-Realm who could kill him, but there were very few of them!
However, he had never thought that he would run into one!
And it was so strong!
The middle-aged man opened his palm, and the space in front of him suddenly trembled. He had to send this message back to the Underworld, but his message disappeared as soon as it appeared.
Not far away, Mu Niannian smiled, "I've calculated it. The Underworld will definitely send more people, but they don't know how powerful I am. So, the people they send will most likely still be at the Dao Proving Realm, but there will be a difference in the quantity and quality.
Let me think … "
When she spoke up to here, she paused for a moment and said, "They'll dispatch around 3 Dao Corroboration Realm experts at most, and I'll be able to kill them with ease. In this way, not only will we be able to buy some time, we'll even be able to exhaust the Dao Corroboration Realm experts of the Netherworld!
After killing these three Dao Proving experts, the Underworld will definitely pay attention to it. At this time, they will definitely send a heavyweight expert, and this heavyweight expert is likely to be in the Half-step Dao Breaking Realm, which is the limit of the Dao Proving Realm. This kind of person won't be able to defeat me. In other words, we can buy some more time and make the Underworld lose a heavyweight expert! "
He paused for a moment, and then asked, "May I ask, the Underworld doesn't have a lot of Dao Proving Realm experts and the Half-step Dao Breaking Realm experts I guessed, right?
If there are too many, I'll have to disguise myself and make you think I'm only at the Dao Proving Realm, and I'm injured!
In this way, you will continue to underestimate the enemy and send more people to me … "
The middle-aged man looked at Mu Niannian as if he was looking at a monster.
...





Chapter 1297
Ye Xuan also had a strange expression on his face.
Sister Nian is too sinister!
But I like it!
At this time, the middle-aged man had completely disappeared. Even in his death, he could not send any news back.
A Dao Confirming expert had fallen!
Mu Niannian picked up the grilled fish in front of her and smelled it. An intoxicated smile appeared on her face, "Smells so good!"
Ye Xuan hurriedly ran in front of Mu Niannian and flattered her, "Sister Nian is invincible!"
Mu Niannian glanced at Ye Xuan, "Invincible?"
Ye Xuan hurriedly nodded, "Yes!
In my heart, Sister Nian is invincible! "
Mu Niannian's lips curled up, "What about that plain-dressed woman?
In your heart, between me and her, who is more powerful! "
Ye Xuan grinned, "Qing 'er is invincible in the heavens, Sister Nian is invincible in the mortal world!
Both of you are invincible! "
Mu Niannian laughed heartily. "What a crafty fellow!"
Ye Xuan sat in front of Mu Niannian and took out two fish to grill, "Sister Nian, you should already know about the recent events in the Fifth Dimension. Do you have any thoughts?"
Mu Niannian smiled, "Are you talking about the matter of you gathering those Self Release Realm experts?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Mu Niannian was silent.
Ye Xuan glanced at Mu Niannian, "Sister Nian, you can say whatever you think!"
Mu Niannian licked the grilled fish in her hand and said, "The human heart is the most unpredictable and fickle.
These people are very obedient now because of you, but this does not mean that they will be obedient forever. The moment you cannot satisfy their demands, they will immediately change their attitude. Do you understand what I mean? "
Ye Xuan nodded, "I understand."
Mu Niannian smiled and said, "You were able to use this scripture to attract these people to your side. This is very good.
If the Prophet had made the same choice back then, his Ye Family wouldn't have had such a thing happen.
Of course, he lacked an innate condition, and that was no one to protect him. At that time, he didn't possess the strength to negotiate with those people! "
Ye Xuan was silent.
He knew that these people had come to rely on him because they could not do anything to him!
Mu Niannian continued, "However, in the end, he still died because he cared too much about the scriptures."
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "Sister Nian, I've already obtained four scriptures!
Do you want to see it? "
Mu Niannian shook his head. "I'm not interested!"
Ye Xuan was puzzled. "Why?"
Mu Niannian smiled but said nothing.
Ye Xuan understood.
Because Mu Niannian no longer needed it.
Mu Niannian suddenly said, "I want to go to a place."
Ye Xuan looked at Mu Niannian. Mu Niannian stood up and stretched. "I'm going to a distant place to do some things I want to do. As for the Fifth Dimension, I'll leave it to you for the time being."
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "Will you come back?"
Mu Niannian nodded. "I will.
However, I won't be coming back for some time!
From now on, you will have to face everything in the Fifth Dimension by yourself. Do you understand what I mean? "
Ye Xuan nodded. "I understand."
Mu Niannian lightly patted Ye Xuan's shoulder. "To be a Swordsman, you only need to understand the sword. However, to be the master of the universe, you cannot only understand the sword.
The Underworld is currently your strongest enemy, but it is not your only enemy. "
After saying that, she turned and left.
Ye Xuan looked at Mu Niannian. Just like that, under his gaze, Mu Niannian went further and further away.
At this time, Dao Sansheng suddenly said, "Is she not going to care?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "She can help me for a while, but she cannot help me for a lifetime.
I need to walk my own path from now on. "
After saying that, he turned and left.
In fact, before coming to find Mu Niannian, he wanted to have a fight with that Dao Vindication expert!
With his current strength, an ordinary Self Release expert was not his opponent. Therefore, he wanted to find a Dao Vindication expert to fight and see where his limits were.
What he did not expect was that when he found Mu Niannian, that middle-aged man had already been killed in one strike!
He actually wanted to find Mu Niannian to fight, but he knew that if he did, he would only be beaten …
Mu Niannian was too strong!
If he sparred with her, if she did not go easy on him, he would not have a chance at all. If she went easy on him, the sparring would be meaningless.
Therefore, he gave up on sparring with Sister Nian.
At this time, Dao Sansheng suddenly ran to Ye Xuan's side. "The Underworld is very strong!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Didn't you say that they were not strong at all?"
Dao Sansheng's small face turned red. "I lied!"
Ye Xuan laughed.
At this time, Aro suddenly appeared in front of him. In Aro's hand, there was a person.
It was Nan Chu. But now, Nan Chu was only left with his soul, and this soul was incomplete!
If Nan Chu's main body was still here, perhaps Aro could not do anything to him. But now, Nan Chu was not a match for Aro at all.
Nan Chu looked at Ye Xuan. "You have opened the Dao Scripture!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes."
Nan Chu laughed at himself. "It's funny that we thought you were just a fake!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "I want to ask you a question!"
Nan Chu stared at Ye Xuan. "You want to know the location of the Underworld!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes!"
Nan Chu smiled. "I will tell you!"
As he spoke, he opened his palm and a small map appeared in his palm.
Ye Xuan glanced at the map and made a mental note of it.
Nan Chu suddenly said, "Do you know why I want to tell you?"
Ye Xuan looked at Southern Chu and said with a smile, "You want me to go to them and then use them to kill me!"
Nan Chu laughed. "Ye Xuan, you are very smart.
But you underestimate the Underworld!
You can't imagine how powerful they are.
Although I, Nan Chu, will die today, but you, Ye Xuan, will not live for long!
Not only you, Ye Xuan, but everyone in the Five-Dimensional Universe will not live!
There is also that Mu Niannian. The Underworld will retaliate against her, and her fate will definitely be very miserable! "
Towards the end, his voice was filled with resentment.
He did not beg for mercy.
This was because he knew that Ye Xuan would not let him off. He was already prepared to die.
Ye Xuan suddenly opened his palm and a scroll appeared in his hand.
It was the 'Variables' Dao Scripture.
He opened the scroll and faced it towards Nan Chu. When Nan Chu saw the contents of the Dao Scripture, he felt as if he had been struck by lightning and stood rooted to the ground.
Nan Chu looked at Ye Xuan. His throat trembled as he said in a trembling voice, "This … this is the Dao Scripture?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes!
Quickly take a closer look! "
Nan Chu promptly nodded. He looked at the Dao Scripture, and as he looked, his soul began to tremble!
At this moment, Southern Chu was like a person on the verge of death in a desert who had suddenly seen an oasis.
Hope!
Nan Chu had once been in the Dao Confirming Realm. Of course, that was not true Dao Confirming Realm. He was not even a true Self Release.
In the past, he also wanted to be a true Self Release, a true Dao Confirming Realm. Unfortunately, without the Dao Scripture, he could not do it!
This was also the reason why he immediately seized the body of Ye Xuan to be reborn after learning that he had the Dao Scripture.
And now, he finally saw the Dao Scripture!
All the doubts in his heart were suddenly cleared up at this moment.
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly said, "I still have a Dao Scripture!"
After saying this, he took out the 'Fate' Dao Scripture and opened it to show it to Nan Chu.
Nan Chu looked at the 'Fate' Dao Scripture, his mind completely blank. Another Dao Scripture!
Heavens!
He had actually seen two Dao Scriptures!
This happiness had come too suddenly!
Nan Chu did not think too much about it and hastily looked at the Dao Scripture.
Nan Chu eagerly looked at it. At this moment, he was so excited that he was about to go crazy!
The Dao Scripture was very short, so Nan Chu quickly finished reading it!
At this moment, Nan Chu's entire person was boiling!
At this moment, Ye Xuan put away the two Dao Scriptures. Then, he took out the Soul Suppressing Sword and placed it against Nan Chu's chest.
Nan Chu looked at Ye Xuan in disbelief, "You … What are you doing!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "What do you think?"
After saying this, he began to slowly exert force. The Soul Suppressing Sword slowly entered Nan Chu's body.
This time, the Soul Suppressing Sword did not directly absorb Nan Chu's soul. Instead, it slowly absorbed it.
Sensing that his soul was slowly being devoured, Nan Chu finally panicked!
Nan Chu immediately knelt down, "Ye … Young master Ye … Don't kill me, I, I don't want to die …"
Originally, he had already prepared himself to die, but now, he did not want to die!
He had just read two Dao Scriptures!
As long as he had time, he would definitely break through!
At this moment, he only wanted to live!
What dignity, what backbone, all of it was fleeting clouds at this moment!
Ye Xuan did not speak, but his sword still entered Nan Chu's soul bit by bit.
Nan Chu frantically begged, "Young master Ye … Don't kill me. As long as you don't kill me, I'm willing to be your slave. Please don't kill me …"
Ye Xuan still did not speak. At this moment, his Soul Suppressing Sword had already entered Nan Chu's soul.
Seeing that Ye Xuan had made up his mind to kill, Nan Chu suddenly roared, "Ye Xuan, you're so cruel, ahhhhhh …"
His voice was heart-wrenching and shook the starry sky.
The cruelest thing in the world was when a desperate person saw hope, and then this hope was followed by despair!
Nan Chu had never experienced such great ups and downs in his entire life of cultivation!
Soon, the Soul Suppressing Sword completely absorbed Nan Chu's despair, roar, and resentment.
Nan Chu was completely gone!
Unlike the beginning, Nan Chu did not leave peacefully. He left very unwillingly, extremely unwillingly, but he had no choice but to leave!
Despair!
Unwillingness!
Most people could not understand Nan Chu's feelings when he left!
Dao Sansheng glanced at Ye Xuan but did not speak.
Ye Xuan smiled, "Do you think I'm cruel?"
Dao Sansheng shook his head, "I don't think you're cruel enough. I should have let him see the Three Lives Art. That way, he would have left even more unwillingly."
Ye Xuan blinked, "I didn't think of that!"
Dao Sansheng continued, "You should have pretended to forgive him and let him think that he could live. Then, you let him cultivate halfway and then kill him like you did just now. He would have been even more unwillingly."
Ye Xuan slapped his forehead, "I didn't think of that!
I'm too merciful! "
Dao Sansheng glanced at Ye Xuan, "What should we do next?"
Ye Xuan smiled, "Settle the score!"
....
PS: I recommend the new book by the Great Master Zhi Bai, "Unyielding Empire". Those who like history should check it out!
You won't be disappointed!





Chapter 1298
Settle the score!
Although Nanwu and Southern Chu had fallen, the Godly Kingdom of Xumi and the Realm of Pure Land still existed.
Ye Xuan's first choice was the Godly Kingdom of Xumi.
Ye Xuan only brought Dao Sansheng with him!
The two of them arrived in front of the Universe Barrier. Ye Xuan looked at the Universe Barrier before him and slashed out with his sword.
Chi!
The barrier was sliced open.
Ye Xuan smiled.
In the past, he needed Sister Nian's help to go to the Godly Kingdom of Xumi.
But now, he could do it easily!
Ye Xuan led Dao Sansheng through the barrier. In less than a quarter of an hour, the two arrived at the main city of the Godly Kingdom of Xumi.
Just as they arrived above the city, a white-haired old man appeared in front of Ye Xuan and Dao Sansheng.
This man was the current Divine Lord of the Godly Kingdom of Xumi!
Countless experts from the Godly Kingdom of Xumi surrounded them.
The white-haired old man looked at Ye Xuan. "What do you want now?!"
Ye Xuan was surprised. "Don't you know about the Fifth Dimension?"
The white-haired old man frowned. "What's the Fifth Dimension?"
Ye Xuan understood.
It was obvious that Nan Chu and Nanwu had gone to the Fifth Dimension immediately after returning to the world of the living. Those who went to the Fifth Dimension had all died, so the news did not leak out.
After all, the Dao World and the Sixth Dimension were almost all Ye Xuan's people!
Who would dare to report to the Realm of Pure Land and the Godly Kingdom of Xumi?
The white-haired old man suddenly said, "Ye Xuan, you won't be so arrogant for long!"
Ye Xuan looked at the white-haired old man and smiled. "Why do you say that?"
The white-haired old man sneered and did not speak.
Ye Xuan smiled. "Let me guess. Your ancestor must have gone to the netherworld to invite experts to deal with me!
Am I right? "
The white-haired old man's eyes narrowed. "You … how did you know!"
Ye Xuan said seriously, "Didn't I say it?
I guessed it! "
The white-haired old man stared at Ye Xuan. "Ye Xuan, do you know how scary the Underworld is?
Let me tell you, if you are smart, you should immediately hand over that scripture. That way, you can still protect yourself!
Otherwise … "
Ye Xuan suddenly disappeared on the spot.
Chi!
The white-haired old man's head flew off!
Blood gushed out like a fountain!
Instant kill!
All the experts from the Godly Kingdom of Xumi were shocked!
He was insta-killed just like that?
Ye Xuan suddenly looked at Dao San Sheng and said, "In this city, no one above the Gui Yuan Breaking Realm will be spared!"
Dao Sansheng hesitated for a moment and said, "Why don't we slaughter the entire city?"
Ye Xuan laughed, "No!"
Dao Sansheng frowned. "Why?"
Ye Xuan smiled, "I want to send people to take over this Godly Kingdom of Xumi!"
Dao Sansheng came to an understanding upon hearing this.
Soon, both of them disappeared on the spot.
Not long after, screams of agony resounded in the city.
Surrender?
Ye Xuan did not even consider it, because he did not need it.
In less than a quarter of an hour, all the top experts of the Godly Kingdom of Xumi were killed, and their heads were hung on the city walls.
In an instant, everyone in the Godly Kingdom of Xumi felt insecure.
Inside the palace, Ye Xuan walked into a grand hall with a sword in hand. Behind him were two old men, both Self Release Realm experts.
Inside the hall, Ye Xuan saw a young man, about sixteen or seventeen years old. Beside him was a little girl, about fourteen or fifteen years old.
The young man held the little girl's hand tightly, both were afraid.
Ye Xuan looked at the young man, "You are the Prince of the Godly Kingdom of Xumi?"
The young man nodded.
Although he looked calm, Ye Xuan knew that this young man was faking it.
Ye Xuan pointed at the little girl, "She is your sister?"
The young man nodded, "Yes …"
His voice was trembling.
Ye Xuan smiled, "Do you think I will kill you?"
The young man looked at Ye Xuan, "I will!
Because I want to cut the weeds and eliminate the roots! "
Ye Xuan smiled, "I know a lot!"
The young man hesitated, then said, "Just kill me and let my sister go, is that okay?"
Ye Xuan looked at the young man, snickering, "You're playing dirty tricks with me."
Being seen through by Ye Xuan, the young man's face tightened!
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "I can give your sister a chance to live, but you must die!"
Saying so, he pointed a finger and a sword fell in front of the young man.
Ye Xuan smiled, "If you are willing to commit suicide, I can let your sister live!"
The young man glared at Ye Xuan, "This is not fair!"
Ye Xuan shook his head, "You are not qualified to talk to me about what is fair!
You can only choose to do it or not! "
The young man looked at the sword in front of him, his body trembling.
At this moment, the little girl suddenly picked up the sword, she looked at Ye Xuan, and said with a trembling voice, "I can choose too, right?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
The little girl suddenly took the sword and slashed it towards her throat.
Very decisive!
Without a trace of hesitation!
However, the sword stopped at her throat.
The little girl was stunned, and then she fell to the ground.
It could be imagined how much courage she used to commit suicide with the sword.
Ye Xuan walked in front of the little girl, he picked up the sword, and smiled, "I don't want to play with human nature, I just want to see if he is a qualified brother. Obviously, he is not!"
Saying so, he pointed a finger, and a sword ray entered the little girl's forehead.
Ye Xuan smiled, "This is my gift to you!"
Saying so, he stood up and left.
The little girl suddenly said, "You, shouldn't you kill them all?"
Ye Xuan smiled, "I'm not afraid of your revenge!"
The little girl looked at Ye Xuan, "We can't defeat you, but what about your descendants?
Aren't you afraid we'll make trouble for them? "
Ye Xuan laughed, "If my descendants are strong, why should I worry?
If they aren't strong, it's none of my business, I don't want to worry. "
With that said, he left the great hall.
Inside the great hall, the young man breathed a sigh of relief, but the little girl sighed softly.
She knew that this kind of person was not someone they could take revenge on.
Revenge?
In their world, Ye Xuan had slaughtered the Godly Kingdom of Xumi's imperial family, he was their enemy.
But that man wasn't afraid of them taking revenge.
Outside the great hall.
Dao Sansheng looked inside the great hall, then asked, "Shall we go to the Realm of Bliss now?"
Ye Xuan nodded, he looked around, then said, "Sansheng, from now on, the Godly Kingdom of Xumi is ours!
What do you think? "
Dao Sansheng was silent.
Ye Xuan noticed that ever since the people of the underworld appeared, Sansheng's smile had lessened, he was no longer as mischievous!
Ye Xuan lightly patted Sansheng's shoulder, "Don't think too much, I'll protect you!"
Dao Sansheng rolled his eyes at Ye Xuan, "You need someone to protect you!"
Ye Xuan laughed, "Let's go, to the Realm of Bliss."
With that said, the two disappeared from the great hall.
Not long after, the people of the Fifth Dimension came to take over the Godly Kingdom of Xumi!
Everything went smoothly, because those who had the ability to resist were all dead!
The news of the Godly Kingdom of Xumi's imperial family being massacred spread like wildfire!
Even the experts of the Fifth Dimension were shocked!
Ye Xuan annihilated the Godly Kingdom of Xumi's imperial family!
At this moment, besides shock, there was also fear in many people's hearts.
Ye Xuan had a benevolent heart, but he also had the means of an asura!
Not long after, Dao Village Chief Li Er suddenly brought the experts of the Dao Village to the Fifth Dimension …
They did not come to cause trouble, they came to seek refuge!
After knowing that the Godly Kingdom of Xumi had been destroyed, the Dao Village was also afraid!
They were afraid that Ye Xuan would cause trouble for the Dao Village, so they directly came to seek refuge.
At this time, there was no need to wait and see!
However, the status of the Dao Village was far from the Immortal Pavilion. Jiang Yu still had a very high status in the Fifth Dimension, and he also had a lot of power. Moreover, Guan Yin had allowed him to enter the Council of Elders!
However, the Dao Village did not have such treatment!
It could be said that the treatment of the Dao Village in the Fifth Dimension was extremely good, but they did not dare to have the slightest objection!
...
The Realm of Bliss.
Ye Xuan and Dao Sansheng arrived at the entrance of the Realm of Bliss. What surprised Ye Xuan was that the entrance to the Realm of Bliss was sealed!
Needless to say, the Realm of Bliss definitely knew that he was coming!
Ye Xuan suddenly unsheathed his sword and slashed.
Chi!
The enchantment of the Realm of Bliss shattered!
At this time, a monk suddenly appeared in front of Ye Xuan.
It was an old acquaintance. It was Bodhisattva Mi!
Bodhisattva Mi glanced at Ye Xuan with a complicated expression. "Young Master Ye, the Godly Kingdom of Xumi is gone!
Am I right? "
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes."
Bodhisattva Mi put his palms together. "Young Master Ye, I have something to ask. I hope Young Master Ye can answer truthfully!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Ask away!"
Bodhisattva Mi stared at Ye Xuan. "Namo Buddhist Ancestor and the Southern Chu Emperor brought experts from the Underworld to the Fifth Dimension, but they all died.
Am I right? "
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes!"
Bodhisattva Mi slowly closed his eyes.
In fact, he had already guessed it. However, at this moment, when he heard that Ye Xuan had returned, he was extremely shocked.
A Dao Validation expert must have come from the Underworld, and such an expert had died!
What did this mean?
It meant that Ye Xuan and Mu Niannian's strength was several times more terrifying than they had imagined!
Thinking of this, Bodhisattva Mi felt powerless. He looked at Ye Xuan. "Young Master Ye, from now on, my Realm of Bliss will no longer interfere in worldly matters. We will never be enemies with Young Master Ye. Young Master Ye, what do you think?"
The corner of Ye Xuan's mouth lifted. "What do you think I, Ye Xuan, am?
I can fight whenever I want, and I can't fight whenever I want? "
Bodhisattva Mi smiled bitterly. "Young Master Ye, why do you have to be so ruthless?"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "When I was weak, how did Master and Realm of Bliss treat me?
If I, Ye Xuan, lose, I believe that Realm of Bliss will definitely be ruthless.
So … "
Having said that, he disappeared on the spot.
Bodhisattva Mi's pupils shrank. He clasped his hands together and caught a sword. However, the next moment, the sword pierced his throat.
Chi!
Bodhisattva Mi's eyes widened. Blood spurted from his throat.
Meanwhile, Ye Xuan was already in front of Bodhisattva Mi.
Ye Xuan looked at Bodhisattva Mi and smiled. "Master, do you know what's the funniest thing in the world?
It's those people who claim to be merciful but commit evil deeds.
What's even funnier is that after those people realize that they can't do evil, they question why do they have to be so ruthless.
Master, do you remember back then, when I spoke to you about being merciful, righteous, and reasonable, how did you treat me?
Saying those things to me is useless. You just want to snatch my things, and you want to do it in a dignified manner … Now you want to talk to me about being merciful and righteous?
Sorry, I won't. "
...





Chapter 1299
Benevolence?
Benevolence?
In Ye Xuan's opinion, benevolence and benevolence depended on the person.
He, Ye Xuan, would not be a good person.
He, Ye Xuan, could not repay evil with good.
After killing Venerable Mi, Ye Xuan used the Soul Suppressing Sword to absorb his soul.
The Soul Suppressing Sword had absorbed many powerful souls recently. At this moment, it showed signs of breaking through.
Dao San Sheng suddenly said, "If your sword absorbs the soul of the Lord of Underworld, it will definitely become the best sword in the Underworld and Yang World!"
Ye Xuan looked at Dao San Sheng. "The Lord of Underworld?"
Dao San Sheng nodded. "Yes, that soul is one of the most powerful souls in the Underworld. It will definitely be a great supplement for your sword."
Ye Xuan blinked. "Can I defeat the Lord of Underworld?"
Dao San Sheng hesitated, then said seriously, "I think you should have a fifty-fifty chance!"
A fifty-fifty chance!
Ye Xuan walked in front of Dao San Sheng and patted his shoulder. "Thank you for thinking so highly of me!
But … is it really good to hurt your own people like this? "
Dao San Sheng: "…"
After the Soul Suppressing Sword absorbed Venerable Mi's soul, Ye Xuan brought Dao San Sheng into the Realm of Ultimate Bliss.
At this time, the Realm of Ultimate Bliss was already waiting.
An old monk appeared in front of Ye Xuan. The monk had an aged face and exuded a powerful aura.
Dao Validation Realm!
Of course, this Dao Validation Realm was worlds apart from the Dao Validation Realm in the Underworld.
Behind this old monk, there were dozens of super experts from the Realm of Bliss.
All of them were at the Self Release Realm!
It could be said that all the experts in the Realm of Ultimate Bliss were here.
The old monk looked at Ye Xuan and put his palms together. "Young Master Ye, you have won!
Can you show mercy to the Realm of Ultimate Bliss? "
Ye Xuan smiled. "Master, did you think of showing mercy to me back then?"
The old monk bowed slightly, "Young master Ye, we did not do anything to the Fifth Dimension."
Ye Xuan laughed. "Don't you have any idea why you people from the Western Paradise Realm went to the Netherworld to look for people to come to the Yang Realm?"
The old monk fell silent.
Ye Xuan shook his head with a smile and slashed with his sword!
The old monk suddenly said, "Kill!"
As soon as he finished speaking, the surrounding monks charged towards Ye Xuan and Dao Sansheng.
However, how could they be a match for Ye Xuan and Dao Sansheng?
In next to no time, numerous shrill cries resounded!
Massacre!
In just a few breaths of time, over a dozen Self Release Realm experts had perished!
At this moment, the old monk suddenly appeared in front of Ye Xuan. He put his palms together and stretched out his palms. In an instant, a 10,000-meter tall Buddha appeared behind him. As the golden Buddha appeared, the entire Realm of Ultimate Bliss began to tremble.
Ye Xuan gazed at the old monk with an emotionless expression, and the sword in his hand was ready to attack.
The old monk didn't waste his breath at all. He just swung his palm. In an instant, a Buddha's Palm that was over 1km long smashed down towards Ye Xuan.
The old monk suddenly sat down cross-legged behind the Buddha's Palm, pressed his palms together, and chanted silently. The energy contained within the Buddha's Palm suddenly rose explosively. Everywhere it passed, space trembled violently as if it intended to crush the world into pieces.
Meanwhile, Ye Xuan suddenly stabbed with his sword.
A ray of light tore through the sky!
It was a very ordinary attack!
But the old monk's figure stiffened when he saw it.
To outsiders, this sword seemed very ordinary, but to him, it seemed to possess endless transformations.
The sword changed!
Bang!
The Buddha's Palm was slashed into pieces, but the sword energy didn't disperse, and it continued forward towards the old monk.
The old monk pressed his palms together. The huge golden Buddha behind him pressed its palms together, and then a ray of golden light enveloped the old monk.
The sword arrived.
Bang!
The golden Buddha statue crumbled, and a ray of sword light pierced through the old monk's forehead.
All the experts from the Buddhist School were stunned by this scene.
He was instantly killed!
Ye Xuan walked in front of the old monk, and the old monk looked at Ye Xuan in a daze, "Young Master Ye has reached the true Self Release realm!"
That attack just now was purely a suppression of realm!
It wasn't just the suppression of Sword Dao realm, but also the suppression of one's own realm.
Ye Xuan nodded, "Self Release realm."
Hearing Ye Xuan's words, the old monk felt relieved. He pressed his palms together, "Young Master Ye, rumor has it that as long as you are a Self Release realm expert, you can go to the Fifth Dimension, and Young Master Ye is willing to share the Dao Scripture …"
Ye Xuan said, "That isn't a rumor. In the Fifth Dimension, there are already several true Self Release realm experts!"
The old monk was stunned, and then he smiled bitterly, "Why bother!
Why bother! "
At this moment, he felt very complicated.
What was the goal of the Western Paradise?
It was that scripture!
However, he hadn't expected that Ye Xuan would really be willing to share the Dao Scripture with others.
If they knew this would happen, why would the Western Paradise make an enemy of Ye Xuan?
Being friends with Ye Xuan would make that thing easy to obtain!
However, the Western Paradise's arrogance and conceit had harmed them.
Because in the beginning, the Western Paradise had never thought of reasoning with Ye Xuan. In their opinion, Ye Xuan had to hand over the book.
Did the strong need to reason with the weak?
Even the old monk felt that Ye Xuan had to hand over the book. As for reasoning?
Ye Xuan didn't have the qualifications to reason with the Western Paradise.
The old monk sighed. He glanced at the surroundings and said, "Young Master Ye, can you be merciful and spare my Western Paradise this time?
If Young Master Ye is willing to show mercy, then all the monks of my Western Paradise are willing to submit to Young Master Ye! "
Ye Xuan shook his head. "No!"
The old monk didn't understand. "Young Master Ye, as far as I know, the Dao World has already joined your Fifth Dimension. Why are you willing to let the Dao World off but not the Western Paradise?"
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Because the Dao World surrendered to me before the Nether World came!
But you guys didn't. You guys are waiting for the Underworld to destroy me. That's the difference. "
He shook his head. "Master, I only have one question. If you guys win, will you be merciful to me, Ye Xuan?"
The old monk fell silent.
Ye Xuan suddenly turned to look at Dao Sansheng. "Sansheng, why did you stop?"
Dao Sansheng shrugged. "Aren't you guys chatting?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "We'll chat and you can kill. Remember, kill all the Self Release Realm experts here. Don't leave a single one alive."
Dao Sansheng nodded and rushed out again.
In front of Ye Xuan, the old monk's body became more and more illusory. That sword had directly destroyed his Divine Soul.
The current him was like the last radiance of a setting sun.
The old monk put his palms together. "Young Master Ye, perhaps your good deed today will be exchanged for good karma in the future."
Ye Xuan smiled. "I know that your Buddhist sect still has super experts. It's said that there's an eminent monk in the Underworld.
But it doesn't matter. Since I, Ye Xuan, dare to kill, I'm already prepared to be killed. "
The old monk looked at Ye Xuan and didn't say anything.
Ye Xuan suddenly smiled. "Master, do you know why I'm telling you so much?"
The old monk shook his head. "I don't know!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "I always thought that you would admit your mistake.
But you didn't. Not only did you not, you even used your eminent monk in the Underworld to threaten me. "
Saying that, he shook his head and smiled. "Even in death, you didn't deny your Buddhist sect's actions. Instead, you always felt that I, Ye Xuan, wasn't benevolent enough. You felt that I, Ye Xuan, was too ruthless!"
Saying that, he put his palms together. "Master, the Buddhist scriptures say: Putting yourself in someone else's shoes is the heart of Buddha. But in my opinion, Master doesn't have a heart of Buddha."
The old monk looked at Ye Xuan and didn't say anything.
Ye Xuan looked around and smiled. "If someone stood out and said that the Buddhist sect was wrong before, I, Ye Xuan, wouldn't mind letting them off.
I, Ye Xuan, don't mind letting the Buddhists off the hook. After all, I owe a senior monk a favor, and I want to return the favor. Unfortunately, I don't have one.
But from the beginning, you all felt that I, Ye Xuan, was cruel and that I, Ye Xuan, was too ruthless … What a joke!
How can you cultivate Buddhism like this?
Cultivate your mother's sledgehammer! "
In this world, the strong didn't need to reason with the weak, and the weak didn't have the qualifications to reason with the strong.
Because you were weak, others wouldn't care if you were reasonable or not.
The old monk looked at Ye Xuan and put his palms together. "Young master Ye, is it too late now?"
Ye Xuan suddenly slashed with his sword.
Chi!
The old monk's soul disappeared without a trace.
Ye Xuan was so angry that he laughed. "Is it too late to ask me?
You're such a clown! "
Saying that, he rushed out with his sword.
Soon, screams resounded in the Realm of Bliss.
Ye Xuan didn't show any mercy. All the super experts of the Realm of Bliss were killed. However, he didn't massacre the entire Realm of Bliss.
About a quarter of an hour later, all the super experts of the Realm of Bliss were killed.
Ye Xuan held his sword. Behind him were more than ten corpses of the experts of the Realm of Bliss.
On the other side, there were countless monks of the Realm of Bliss. These monks were all Earth Sovereigns and below.
They didn't attack or escape because they knew that it was futile.
All the monks sat cross-legged on the ground and silently recited scriptures.
Beside Ye Xuan, Dao Sansheng glanced at the monks. "Should we kill them?"
Ye Xuan didn't answer. He turned and walked to the front of a temple. Here, he obtained the fourth Dao scripture and the Innumerable Buddha Indestructible Body.
After a moment of silence, Ye Xuan said, "Pass down my order. Let the abbot of the ancient temple bring the monks to the Realm of Bliss."
Behind him, the space trembled slightly. A black figure quietly retreated.
In less than a quarter of an hour, the abbot of the ancient temple brought some monks to the Realm of Bliss.
When they saw the miserable state of the Realm of Bliss, the faces of the abbot and the others turned ugly.
At this moment, they were glad that they gave up on the Dao scripture and chose to be friends with Ye Xuan. Otherwise, the ancient temple would have suffered a terrible fate!
This Young Master Ye had a benevolent heart, but he also had the means of an asura!
Ye Xuan looked at the abbot of the ancient temple. "Abbot, I want you to take over the Realm of Bliss. After you take over, Buddhism will be divided into two schools. One will be the Zen School, which focuses on cultivating Buddhism. The other will be the Martial School, which focuses on cultivating longevity."
The abbot clasped his hands together. "Young Master Ye, don't worry. I will arrange it well!"
Ye Xuan nodded slightly. He looked at the temple. "Master, I, Ye Xuan, owe you a favor. Now, I will return it."
After saying that, he turned and left.
Killing all the Earth Sovereigns in the Realm of Bliss was revenge. Leaving the Buddha World's inheritance and rebuilding the order of Buddhism was to return the favor.
Kindness was kindness, hatred was hatred!
Right at this moment, the hall suddenly started trembling. It didn't take long for countless golden scriptures to fly out from within the hall, and then they converged towards Ye Xuan like a river ….
....
PS: I want to start a live stream and do a striptease!





Chapter 1300
Golden runes!
Seeing these golden scriptures, Ye Xuan was a little stunned.
What is this?
Soon, the golden runes entered his body.
Boom!
A powerful aura suddenly swept out from his body, causing the surrounding space to tremble.
Soon, Ye Xuan understood what this was.
This was not only the power of Dharma, but also the Dharma inheritance of that senior monk.
That senior monk devoted his life to researching Dharma and had a deep understanding of it. At this moment, that senior monk turned all his understanding of Dharma into scriptures and gifted them to him.
In the same place, Ye Xuan was silent for a long time before he bowed slightly, "Grandmaster, thank you!"
After saying that, he turned around and left.
The knowledge of Dharma was of great help to him, who had already cultivated the Infinite Buddha Indestructible Body.
...
After the abbot of the ancient temple took over the Realm of Ultimate Bliss, he immediately began to reorganize.
According to Ye Xuan's instructions, the abbot divided the Realm of Ultimate Bliss into the Zen sect and the Martial sect. Those who liked Dharma could go to the Zen sect, while those who liked Martial Dao could go to the Martial sect. Of course, both could be learned, but there was a clear distinction between the primary and secondary.
In short, the Realm of Ultimate Bliss quickly regained its peace.
This was because those who had the ability to resist were all dead!
And the matter of the Realm of Ultimate Bliss quickly spread throughout the universe!
At this point, the Realm of Ultimate Bliss, the Dao World, the Godly Kingdom of Xumi, and the Sixth Dimension were all under the rule of Ye Xuan.
And the strength of the Fifth Dimension was unprecedentedly strong!
This was because the Fifth Dimension now had a true Self Release Realm expert!
...
In the Fifth Dimension, somewhere in the starry sky, Ye Xuan looked down and fell into deep thought.
Was it over?
No!
From his point of view, this was just the beginning!
Right now, there was still one biggest enemy, and that was the Underworld!
At this time, the Underworld should already know about the death of the middle-aged man and the others.
At this time, Ye Zhiming suddenly appeared beside Ye Xuan. She glanced at Ye Xuan, "Are you really willing to share the Dao Scriptures with those people?"
Ye Xuan collected his thoughts and looked at Ye Zhiming. Smiling, he said, "Aren't I already doing that?
Why are you suddenly asking about this? "
Ye Zhiming said in a deep voice, "Of the people I know, anyone who obtains this scripture will keep it for themselves. You are the only one who is willing to share it with others."
Ye Xuan suddenly asked, "Miss Ye, if I obtain the Dao Scripture, will I definitely be able to reach the true Release One realm?"
Ye Zhiming shook his head, "No, whether or not one can achieve true Release still depends on oneself.
It doesn't mean that those who have the dao scriptures will definitely reach Self Release. It can only be said that the dao scriptures give those who have reached the limit a new path, and whether or not they can continue depends on themselves. "
Ye Xuan nodded thoughtfully. "I understand."
Ye Zhiming glanced at Ye Xuan. "If you don't share, in this world, at least apart from a few places, you're the only one who is a true Release One!"
Ye Xuan laughed and said, "I'm not afraid of others being stronger than me!"
Saying this, he looked down and said softly, "I want to make the Five Dimensional Universe better, but I can't do it alone. I need more people to help me."
Ye Zhiming said indifferently, "If you don't die, you will obtain more in the future. Everything in front of you, including this universe, is insignificant to you!"
Ye Xuan laughed and asked, "Miss Ye, do you have many friends?"
Ye Zhiming's hand holding the ancient book tightened. After a moment of silence, she said, "Currently, you're the only one!
No, you can only be considered half! "
Ye Xuan was puzzled, "Why only half?"
Ye Zhiming said indifferently, "Guess!"
Ye Xuan laughed, "No matter what, I treat you as a friend."
Ye Zhiming sneered, "You don't even know who I am and you treat me as a friend?"
Ye Xuan blinked, "Then who are you?"
Ye Zhiming looked at Ye Xuan and sneered, "Trying to fool me?"
Ye Xuan curled his lips, as if thinking of something, he suddenly asked, "Miss Ye, why don't you believe that I'm the Son of the Nine Dimensional Plane?"
Ye Zhiming was expressionless and did not speak.
Ye Xuan looked at Ye Zhiming, "Tell me honestly, do you know if there is a Nine Dimensional Universe?"
Ye Zhiming nodded, "There is no Nine Dimensional Universe."
Ye Xuan frowned, "Why?"
Ye Zhiming thought for a moment and said, "I don't know how to tell you, but there is no Nine Dimensional Universe."
Ye Xuan asked again, "Then what is the highest known world?"
Ye Zhiming thought for a moment and said, "It should be Dao Tomb and Daoting."
"Dao Tomb and Daoting?"
Ye Xuan frowned, "Not the Whirling World?"
Ye Zhiming shook his head.
Ye Xuan wanted to ask more, but Ye Zhiming suddenly said, "You're asking me this because you want to know if those forces will become your enemies, right?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
He has the Dao Scripture, this thing is too troublesome!
Ye Zhiming continued, "The power and use of the Dao Scripture is far beyond your imagination.
At present, no force can ignore the Dao Scripture, especially a complete one.
The Dao Scripture is known as the origin of martial arts. Think about it, how valuable is it? "
Ye Xuan said softly, "I understand!"
Saying so, he looked towards the depths of the starry sky, "Miss Ye, you're very knowledgeable, do you know of any holy healing items in this world?"
Ye Zhiming said, "The purple aura in your body!"
Ye Xuan shook his head, "This isn't that little guy's purple aura, it's not enough."
Ye Zhiming thought for a moment and said, "There's an item in the nether world called Yellow Springs Holy Water. This water is a holy item in the nether world. Legend has it that as long as one's soul exists, even if it's just a strand of it, this water can bring one back from the dead.
Although it might be an exaggeration, it's definitely effective in healing souls. Not only can it heal the soul, but it can also greatly strengthen it.
Therefore, this water is extremely precious. It's said that the Yellow Springs Holy River only produces one drop every fifty thousand years. This thing's status in the nether world is second only to the Dao Stone. "
Ye Xuan nodded thoughtfully.
Ye Zhiming was about to speak when Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Miss Ye, come with me to the nether world!"
Ye Zhiming immediately said, "No!"
Ye Xuan looked at Ye Zhiming, "Why?"
Ye Zhiming said coldly, "I don't want to be beaten!"
Saying so, she turned and left.
To the nether world?
Is this guy crazy?
That place isn't a place humans can go!
At this time, Ye Xuan quickly chased after Ye Zhiming, "Miss Ye, we're not going to the nether world to fight. We're just going to take a look!"
Ye Zhiming stopped and said coldly, "Then go by yourself!
I'm not stopping you! "
Ye Xuan smiled awkwardly, "I'll be more at ease if you come with me!"
Ye Zhiming looked at Ye Xuan, "I don't want to go!"
Ye Xuan quickly said, "Miss Ye, just take it as accompanying me to relax!"
Ye Zhiming took a deep breath and asked, "Why are you going to the nether world?"
Ye Xuan said seriously, "To find the Dao scriptures!
Didn't you say that there are two Dao scriptures in the nether world?
I'm going to find the Dao scriptures for you!
You … "
Suddenly, Ye Zhiming bellowed, "Speak to me!"
Ye Xuan smiled awkwardly. This girl isn't easy to fool!
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "I don't want to sit here and wait for them to come. It's too passive."
Ye Zhiming said solemnly, "You don't have the strength to fight them!"
Ye Xuan smiled bitterly, "But I can't just sit here and wait!"
Ye Zhiming fell silent.
Ye Xuan thought for a moment, then said, "There are Dao scriptures in the nether world!"
Ye Zhiming looked at Ye Xuan, "I know there are Dao scriptures in the nether world, but do you know who has them?"
Ye Xuan shook his head, "I don't know!"
Ye Zhiming was expressionless, "One of them is in the hands of someone you can't defeat, and the other is in a place you can't go."
Ye Xuan frowned, "Then are we just going to wait here?
Will the Dao scriptures come to us? "
Ye Zhiming fell silent.
Ye Xuan said with a straight face, "Miss Ye, I think we can give it a try."
Ye Zhiming said, "You should focus on increasing your strength!"
Ye Xuan smiled, "Will the nether world give me time?"
Ye Zhiming sighed.
The nether world will not give Ye Xuan time!
Ye Zhiming said, "You can ask Mu Niannian to come with us!"
Ye Xuan smiled, "Miss Ye, are you trying to hit on Sister Niannian?"
Ye Zhiming was silent.
She really didn't dare to hit on Mu Niannian, that woman was even more treacherous than Ye Xuan!
Thinking of this, she glanced at Ye Xuan. At this moment, she thought of a saying: If you aren't in the same family, don't marry into the same family.
This pair of siblings are the best in the world!
One is a big hoodwinker, the other a little hoodwinker!
One is strong, the other is thick-skinned …
Mu Niannian's strength and Ye Xuan's shamelessness made them invincible!
Ye Xuan suddenly smiled, "Forget it!
If Miss Ye doesn't want to go, then stay here!
I'll go alone! "
Saying so, he turned and left.
Ye Zhiming suddenly appeared in front of Ye Xuan, "Are you familiar with the nether world?"
Ye Xuan shook his head, "Not really, but I'll get used to it after a while!"
Ye Zhiming shook his head, "You're really a talent!"
Ye Xuan, "…"
Ye Zhiming suddenly said, "I'll go with you!"
Ye Xuan laughed and hugged Ye Zhiming tightly, "Miss Ye is the best!"
Ye Zhiming stared at Ye Xuan, "Don't hug me!"
Ye Xuan said seriously, "Miss Ye, I have a gift for you!"
Ye Zhiming frowned, "What is it?"
Ye Xuan opened his palm and a wooden figurine appeared in his hand. The wooden figurine looked exactly like Ye Zhiming.
Ye Xuan handed the wooden figurine to Ye Zhiming, "Miss Ye, this is for you!"
Ye Zhiming glanced at the wooden figurine, her face expressionless, "I don't want it!"
Ye Xuan stuffed it into Ye Zhiming's hand, "Just take it as a souvenir!"
Ye Zhiming snorted coldly, his face full of disdain, "What souvenir do we have?"
Ye Xuan smiled, "Zhiming, let's go to the nether world!"
Saying so, he turned and left.
Ye Zhiming suddenly said, "Can you call me Miss Ye?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Alright, Zhiming!"
Ye Zhiming took a deep breath, his anger not light.
But what could he do to such a shameless person?
Ye Zhiming looked at the wooden figurine in her hand, she sneered, "Such poor craftsmanship!"
Saying so, she kept the wooden figurine and disappeared from the scene.
After Ye Xuan settled the matters in the Fifth Dimension, he brought Ye Zhiming to the nether world.
As for Dao Sansheng, he did not bring him along. If he brought this guy to the nether world, something big would really happen!
This guy hated the nether world too much, if he went to the nether world, he would definitely cause trouble!
Moreover, the Fifth Dimension needed a super expert to guard it!
.....
