Chapter 1401
Together!
No one expected Ye Xuan to challenge Zhen Wu and White Robe!
One against two!
Was Ye Xuan crazy?
Although Ye Xuan was a genius, Zhen Wu and the white-robed man could be said to be the strongest people in the Dao Court who had achieved the Dao.
And now he wanted to fight one against two?
Zhen Wu looked at Ye Xuan without saying a word.
Beside him, White Robe kept silent with his eyes closed.
Ye Xuan smiled. "Why, are you refusing?"
Zhen Wu looked at Ye Xuan in silence.
At this moment, Bai Dizi's voice suddenly sounded in Zhen Wu's mind. "This person must have something to rely on!"
Zhen Wu said in a low voice, "But this is also our chance!
A chance to kill him!
Isn't that right? "
Bai Dizi was silent.
If Zhen Wu and White Robe joined forces, they would have a chance to kill Ye Xuan!
But if they couldn't kill him!
It was very likely that Ye Xuan would reach Dao Defense!
At this moment, White Robe suddenly opened his eyes. "Why think so much?
Let's just fight! "
As his voice fell, he suddenly rushed forward. The next moment, a silver light appeared half an inch between Ye Xuan's eyebrows!
The reason why it didn't pierce through was because a sword had pierced the body of that spear!
Seeing that his attack had missed, White Robe suddenly swept his spear horizontally.
Swoosh!
With a sweep, space was torn apart!
Ye Xuan blocked it with his sword.
Boom!
Under the spear, Ye Xuan instantly retreated hundreds of feet away!
But just as he stopped, a silver spear pierced through the air.
Ye Xuan straightened his sword and slashed forward.
Boom!
A wave of sword light exploded in the field!
Ye Xuan retreated hundreds of feet again!
Before he stopped, a shadow suddenly appeared in front of him. Then, a silver spear instantly reached his throat!
As fast as lightning!
Ye Xuan's expression was calm. Just as the spear was about to pierce his throat, his body suddenly leaned back, and at the same time, the sword in his hand suddenly flew out.
Chi!
The sword brought with it a sword light that looked like a crescent moon.
White Robe suddenly withdrew his spear and slammed it down.
Boom!
Ye Xuan's sword was directly hit, and the powerful force sent the sword flying. Ye Xuan himself took the opportunity to retreat a thousand feet away. The moment he stopped, he stretched out his right hand, and the sword that was sent flying by the white robe landed firmly in his palm.
In the distance, the white-robed man stood with a spear in his hand. He was dressed in white robes and had a silver spear in his hand. He looked like a god of war.
Zhen Wu did not intervene.
Whether it was him or White Robe, both of them had their own pride!
As long as Ye Xuan didn't play any dirty tricks, they wouldn't choose to gang up on Ye Xuan!
Arrogance!
They had fought countless battles in their lives, so why would they fear Ye Xuan?
At this moment, White Robe suddenly took a step forward. With each step, he struck with his spear. The space in front of Ye Xuan suddenly cracked open. Following that, a silver light flashed out!
The spear arrived before the man!
Ye Xuan did not block it. Instead, he stabbed with his sword!
This time, he chose to fight head-on!
Boom!
The sword light shattered, and Ye Xuan retreated more than ten feet. However, White Robe also retreated more than three hundred feet with his spear!
Ye Xuan actually gained the upper hand in this head-on confrontation!
Not far away, Bai Dizi frowned slightly. "How is this possible …"
At this moment, Zhen Wu suddenly said, "His strength is different from before!"
Strength!
Ye Xuan's current strength was naturally different from before!
He had absorbed the blood of the entire Naga Dragon clan!
He now possessed the strength of the Naga Dragon clan!
In terms of pure strength, perhaps only Jia Lou could compete with him!
At this moment, Bai Dizi's voice suddenly sounded in Zhen Wu's mind. "When he fights with White Robe later, if you ambush him, how confident are you of killing him?"
Hearing this, Zhen Wu frowned slightly. He looked at Bai Dizi. "What do you mean!"
Bai Dizi's face was extremely gloomy. "Zhen Wu, I know you have your pride, but you have to know that this Ye Xuan …"
Zhen Wu suddenly shook his head. "Bai Dizi, I know that in your heart, you have always wanted Ye Xuan to die. I also want him to die. However, I will not ambush him.
Now, it is a fair battle between him and White Robe. "
Bai Dizi stared at Zhen Wu. "Zhen Wu, don't be pedantic!
I beg you! "
Zhen Wu looked at Ye Xuan in the distance and said softly, "It's not pedantic. It's the bottom line!"
Bai Dizi still wanted to say something. At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly rushed towards White Robe with his sword in hand.
Bai Dizi's face was extremely ugly.
If Zhen Wu suddenly ambushed him, he had a high chance of killing Ye Xuan!
However, Zhen Wu was too pedantic!
Bottom line?
Bai Dizi also wanted to have a bottom line. However, between the bottom line and Daoting's life and death, he chose the latter.
As if he had thought of something, he suddenly looked at a Sir God on his right. At this moment, Zhen Wu's voice suddenly rang in his head. "Bai Dizi, I, Daoting, am I a sore loser?"
Bai Dizi looked at Zhen Wu. Zhen Wu said softly, "Even if we lose, let us lose with some dignity, okay?"
Bai Dizi was silent.
Zhen Wu said again, "Let them fight. If White Robe loses, I won't say anything if you choose to gang up on him. But now, let them fight fairly. I believe that White Robe will choose the same."
Bai Dizi was still silent.
Zhen Wu looked at Bai Dizi. "Daoting is my belief. I will fight for this belief until the end. I know that Daoting is your belief too. However, we cannot throw away our bottom line for our belief!"
Bai Dizi sighed softly.
Zhen Wu did not say anything else. He looked into the distance. At this moment, Ye Xuan and White Robe's battle was very intense!
Actually, he was feeling rather emotional!
Back when Ye Xuan had just gone to Celestial Abyss, Ye Xuan was not his match. But now, Ye Xuan's strength was no weaker than his and White Robe's!
Ye Xuan's growth was really too fast!
Boom!
At this moment, an explosion suddenly sounded. Under everyone's gaze, White Robe was forced back nearly a hundred feet by Ye Xuan's sword.
White Robe had just stopped when he suddenly soared into the sky. The next moment, he held the silver spear in his hand and threw it at Ye Xuan.
The spear was like a raging dragon emerging from the sea, piercing through heaven and earth!
Below, Ye Xuan's expression was calm. Before the spear reached him, the space around him was already distorted!
The momentum of the spear was too strong!
When the spear arrived above Ye Xuan, Ye Xuan suddenly transformed into a ray of light that shot into the sky.
Bang!
A world shaking explosion suddenly resounded, and then the space in an area of over 100km cracked apart!
In midair, Ye Xuan held his sword firmly against the spear!
The energy within the spear hadn't vanished completely!
The glow on Ye Xuan's sword was growing dimmer and dimmer!
Right at this moment, White Robe suddenly appeared in the sky above the spear, and then he stomped his right foot against the tip of the spear.
Bang!
Ye Xuan descended straight down from midair while the tip of the spear was constantly pressing against the tip of Ye Xuan's sword. So, White Robe's energy was ceaselessly suppressing Ye Xuan!
Right at this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly stomped his right foot against the ground. In the next moment, the Sword Domain suddenly appeared here. At the same time, he swiftly slashed his sword forward.
Bang!
Ye Xuan stopped. In the next moment, White Robe retreated explosively by 300m!
After White Robe stopped, he gazed at Ye Xuan with eyes that were filled with battle intent!
Fight!
Ye Xuan's eyes were filled with battle intent as well!
Since he'd absorbed the dragon's blood and cultivated his body into the Dao Body, he'd rarely fought. But now, he wanted to fight to his heart's content!
Ye Xuan walked towards White Robe with his sword in hand!
His blood started to surge within him.
However, he didn't release the energy of his bloodline!
Not only did he not release the energy of his bloodline, he didn't even expose his Dao Body!
White Robe gazed at Ye Xuan from afar while he held the silver spear tightly in his right hand. The silver spear in his hand started to tremble violently, and a monstrous aura enveloped the surroundings!
The aura of the spear was overwhelming!
Right at this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly vanished on the spot. White Robe's face was expressionless as he suddenly stabbed the spear in his right hand forward.
Bang!
A ray of sword light was forced to stop by this spear strike!
The space around White Robe and Ye Xuan transformed into nothingness at this moment, whereas, White Robe and Ye Xuan separated from each other at this moment, and both of them retreated explosively by over 1km.
As Ye Xuan was flying backwards, a flying sword suddenly slashed towards White Robe!
White Robe stabbed forward in midair.
Bang!
The flying sword was blocked. However, in the next moment, Ye Xuan suddenly appeared in front of the flying sword. He grabbed the sword and slashed forward with great force.
When this strike descended, the expressions of everyone here changed drastically!
Including White Robe!
Dao Sword!
This strike wasn't an ordinary sword technique any longer, but a Dao Sword!
It was also the first time Ye Xuan had executed a Dao Sword since he'd cultivated the Dao Sword!
This strike shook the heavens and the earth!
White Robe's eyes revealed a solemn expression for the first time as he stood before Ye Xuan. He held the spear with both hands and swiftly swept it horizontally, causing a strand of domineering spear energy to sweep out. But in the next moment, this spear energy was directly slashed into pieces by Ye Xuan's strike!
Bang!
Under the gazes of everyone, White Robe instantly retreated explosively by 3km, whereas, the space in an area of 3km in front of Ye Xuan had been transformed into nothingness!
This strike had forcefully obliterated this expanse of space!
Nearby, a wisp of blood slowly seeped out from the corner of White Robe's mouth.
Moreover, countless cracks had appeared on the silver spear in his hand!
The surroundings suddenly fell silent!
White Robe was at a complete disadvantage in this collision!
In the distance, Ye Xuan walked slowly towards White Robe with his sword in hand.
Meanwhile, a trace of viciousness flashed through White Robe's eyes, and then he suddenly leaped up. At this moment, his entire body became illusory, and the silver spear in his hand suddenly trembled violently!
At a disadvantage, Ye Xuan suddenly leaped up and slashed with his sword!
Dao Sword!
With this slash, the space around Ye Xuan instantly became illusory!
Meanwhile, White Robe suddenly stabbed down with his spear.
It was a tit for tat!
Both of them had executed their strongest attacks!
Bang!
As soon as the spear and sword came into contact, the space in an area of over 100km around the southern gate was forcefully obliterated. On the other hand, Ye Xuan and White Robe retreated explosively, and they retreated for over 10km!
As soon as Ye Xuan stopped, the space in an area of 3km behind him was instantly transformed into nothingness!
Ye Xuan was first stunned, and then he hurriedly fell to the ground. He held his chest with both hands as if he was about to die!
Actually, he was completely fine because his body had forcefully withstood all the force of White Robe's attack!
However, he didn't want to expose his Dao Physique!
In the distance, White Robe was quite heavily injured as well. However, he didn't fall, and he stood there with his spear in hand.
Meanwhile, White Robe suddenly charged towards Ye Xuan with his spear in hand!
Obviously, he wanted to put an end to Ye Xuan right away!
Now that Ye Xuan was heavily injured, it was the best time to kill him!
Under everyone's gazes, Ye Xuan clutched his chest as blood flowed incessantly from his mouth, and he seemed to be on the verge of death.
White Robe was getting closer and closer to Ye Xuan …
...








Chapter 1402
Just as White Robe was several feet away from Ye Xuan, White Robe suddenly stopped!
White Robe stared at Ye Xuan, "Stop pretending!"
Ye Xuan did not react and still looked like he was about to die!
White Robe just stared at Ye Xuan, he did not choose to attack again!
After a moment, seeing that White Robe did not attack, Ye Xuan sat up. He looked at White Robe and thought it was a pity!
This guy actually did not fall for it!
White Robe looked at Ye Xuan, "If you were really that weak, you would not have come to challenge me!"
Saying that, he slowly closed his eyes, "Ye Xuan, if you want to kill me, there is only one way, and that is to kill me openly. You want to kill me?
Then you might be thinking too much! "
Ye Xuan chuckled, "Then I will kill you openly!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he suddenly leaped up with his sword in hand, and then he swiftly slashed down!
Dao Sword!
At the same time that the sword slashed down, a mysterious force suddenly enveloped White Robe!
Sword Domain!
White Robe was expressionless as he stabbed out with his spear!
Boom!
Heaven and earth trembled!
Under everyone's gaze, White Robe retreated rapidly!
Not far away, Bai Dizi and the others did not look good.
Because Ye Xuan could already suppress White Robe!
He did not rely on battle techniques, but purely on strength and that Dao Sword!
If it were anyone else, they would definitely not be able to continuously use such a powerful sword technique, but Ye Xuan could!
Because his fleshly body was really strong enough!
The battle became more and more intense, and the blood in Ye Xuan's body gradually boiled. However, he was still suppressing his bloodline power!
This bloodline power was too abnormal. Unless it was a desperate situation, he would usually not use it!
In the distance, Bai Dizi suddenly looked at Zhen Wu, "He is getting stronger as he fights!"
Zhen Wu was silent.
He also realized this problem!
Ye Xuan was getting stronger as he fought!
In other words, Ye Xuan had just broken through. Right now, Ye Xuan was using battle to stimulate his potential!
Bai Dizi said softly, "If this continues, I don't know if White Robe will lose, but I do know that this Ye Xuan will become stronger and stronger. He might even reach the Dao Manipulation Realm!"
Obviously, he still wanted Zhenwu to sneak up on Ye Xuan!
Now that Ye Xuan was being forced by the white-robed man, as long as Zhenwu chose to launch a sneak attack, there was a great chance that he could kill Ye Xuan.
In the field, only Zhen Wu had a good chance to kill Ye Xuan!
Zhen Wu fell silent.
Bai Dizi sighed softly. "Zhenwu, I know you're proud, but have you ever thought that once this person reaches the Imperial Dao, even a Dao Ancestor wouldn't be able to kill him so easily!
You have to know that he has yet to unleash his full strength. Putting everything else aside, he has yet to use the power of his bloodline. What does this mean?
It means that once he uses the power of his bloodline, White Robe will most likely lose. "
Zhen Wu slowly closed his eyes!
And the sword in his hand kept trembling!
Bai Dizi continued, "Zhenwu, if we don't get rid of Ye Xuan today, I, Daoting, will be destroyed by this person in the future!
Ye Xuan is a despicable person. There's no need for us to talk about fairness with him!
Moreover, he is challenging you and White Robe. There's nothing wrong with you making a move! "
After a long silence, Zhen Wu looked at Ye Xuan in the distance and said softly, "If I make a move, it means that I, Daoting, will lose the last bit of pride and dignity!"
Bai Dizi was about to speak when Zhen Wu suddenly said, "Bai Dizi, do you know why the Great Dao collapsed all those years ago?"
Bai Dizi looked at Zhen Wu. Zhen Wu said softly, "Because we are unscrupulous!
Our Dao Court is unscrupulous in everything we do. It is because of Ru Chu that the world has appeared.
Qingcheng, Ye Clan, Ancestral Hall.
"Ancestors, Ye Xuan has no talent, no virtue … From now on, Ye Xuan's position as Crown Prince will be replaced by Ye Lang."
The one who spoke was an old man in a black robe.
Not far behind the old man stood a youth with a faint smile on his face.
This person was Ye Lang.
On both sides were the Ye Clan's Elders.
"Why!?"
At this time, a timid voice suddenly rang out in the ancestral hall.
Everyone turned to look and saw a little girl standing at the door. She was about 12 or 13 years old, and her hands were tightly gripping the hem of her skirt. Her face had a sickly pallor, and she looked a little weak. There was even a hint of fear in her eyes.
This little girl was called Ye Ling, Ye Xuan's younger sister. When she heard that the clan wanted to remove Ye Xuan, she rushed over despite her illness.
The black-robed old man frowned, "Ye Ling, what are you doing!?"
The little girl called Ye Ling bowed to the people in the ancestral hall, and said timidly, "Great Elder, my brother Ye Xuan is a Crown Prince, why did you discard him for no reason?"
The Great Elder looked at Ye Ling coldly, "This is a matter of the clan, why are you interrupting?
Leave! "
Ye Ling was obviously afraid, not daring to look at the Great Elder, but she did not leave. Instead, she plucked up her courage and entered the ancestral hall. She bowed again to the Elders on both sides, "Dear Elders, my brother is fighting with the Li Clan over the mining rights at Nanshan. He is fighting for the clan, and we don't know if he's dead or alive. Yet, the clan is using a groundless excuse to discard his position. This is really unfair."
"Impudent!"
The Great Elder suddenly raged, "Discard him or not, it's not up to a little girl like you to decide.
Men, drag her away! "
At this moment, the new Crown Prince Ye Lang suddenly laughed, "You should be flogged thirty times as a warning to others!"
The Great Elder said coldly, "Then flog thirty times!"
Soon, two guards of the Ye Clan rushed in.
Ye Ling clenched her fists, and said angrily, "This is unfair! My brother has risked his life for the clan for so many years, even now he is fighting for the clan, but the clan is so unfair to him …"
One of the guards glanced at the new Crown Prince Ye Lang, and he knew that this was his chance to show off.
The guard sneered, "Young Master Ye Lang inherits the position of Crown Prince, it's everyone's wish, why are you shouting?" As he said this, he raised his hand and slapped Ye Ling's face.
Slap!
A crisp slap sounded, and the right side of Ye Ling's face instantly turned red and swollen, but she did not cry, and just covered her cheek tightly.
Ye Lang looked at the guard, and smiled, "What's your name?"
The guard hurriedly bowed, "I'm Zhang Mu, greeting the Crown Prince."
Ye Lang nodded, "You're not bad. After I become the Crown Prince, I need ten guards, so you can be my guard from now on."
Hearing this, Zhang Mu was overjoyed, and hurriedly bowed deeply, "I'm willing to go through fire and water for the Crown Prince, even if I have to die ten thousand times!"
Ye Lang nodded slightly, "Drag him out, this person is disturbing the ancestral hall, don't show mercy, understand?"
Zhang Mu glanced at Ye Lang, and when he saw the murderous intent in Ye Lang's eyes, he understood.
Immediately, he grabbed Ye Ling's hair and dragged her out.
At this moment, Zhang Mu seemed to have seen something, and suddenly stopped.
In the ancestral hall, everyone turned their heads to look outside.
Not far from the ancestral hall, a young man was walking towards the ancestral hall. The young man was wearing a tight-fitting robe, and the robe was tattered, and there was blood everywhere.
This person was Ye Xuan, who had rushed back from the South Mountain!
Seeing Ye Xuan, Ye Lang's mouth curled into a cold smile.
Inside the ancestral hall, the Elders frowned.
The Great Elder narrowed his eyes, and his expression was frighteningly gloomy. No one knew what he was thinking.
From afar, when Ye Xuan saw Zhang Mu dragging Ye Ling, his face turned savage, "Who gave you the guts to touch my sister?"
When Zhang Mu saw Ye Xuan, his face changed, and he quickly looked at Ye Lang. Just as he was about to speak, Ye Xuan suddenly leaped in front of him like a ferocious tiger. Before the latter could react, Ye Xuan's fist landed on his face.
Peng!
Zhang Mu felt a wave of dizziness, and he stumbled and fell.
However, Ye Ling did not stop there. He charged towards Zhang Mu again. At this time, Ye Lang suddenly roared, "Ye Xuan, he's my man, how dare you …"
Ye Xuan suddenly stepped on Zhang Mu's chest.
Pu!
Zhang Mu spat out a mouthful of blood.
Seeing this, Ye Lang's face turned ugly. Ye Xuan lifted his head and looked at him, "Your man?"
As he spoke, he stepped on Zhang Mu's face.
Zhang Mu's face turned into a bloody mess, as he screamed, "Prince, save, save me …"
Ye Xuan did not care about Zhang Mu, as he walked to Ye Ling's side. Seeing Ye Ling's appearance, Ye Xuan felt as though his heart was being sliced by a knife. He clenched his fists, and his entire body trembled.
When Ye Ling saw Ye Xuan, her tears flowed out, "Brother, it hurts, it hurts …"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan's expression turned savage. In the next instant, he charged in front of Zhang Mu, and kicked Zhang Mu's head.
Peng!
Qingcheng, Ye Clan, Ancestral Hall.
"Ancestors, Ye Xuan has no talent, no virtue … From now on, Ye Xuan's position as Prince shall be replaced by Ye Lang."
The one who spoke was an old man in black robes.
Not far behind the old man, there was a youth with a faint smile on his face.
This person was Ye Lang.
On both sides were the Ye Clan's Elders.
"Why!?"
At this time, a timid voice rang out in the ancestral hall.
Everyone turned to look and saw a little girl standing at the door. She was about 12 or 13 years old, and her hands were tightly gripping the hem of her skirt. Her face had a sickly pallor, and she looked a little weak. There was even a trace of fear in her eyes.
This girl was called Ye Ling, and she was Ye Xuan's younger sister. When she heard that the clan wanted to remove Ye Xuan, she disregarded her illness and rushed over.
The black-robed old man frowned, "Ye Ling, what are you doing!?"
The little girl called Ye Ling bowed to the people in the ancestral hall, and said timidly, "Great Elder, my brother Ye Xuan is a Prince, why did you discard him for no reason?"
The Great Elder looked at Ye Ling coldly, "This is a matter of the clan, why are you interrupting?
Leave! "
Ye Ling was clearly a little fearful. She did not dare to look the Great Elder in the eye, but she did not leave. Instead, she mustered up her courage and walked into the ancestral hall. She bowed to the elders on both sides of the hall and said, "Elders, my brother is currently fighting with the Li family for the mining rights of the mine in Nanshan. He is now fighting for the family, and it is unknown whether he is alive or dead. However, the family has used a groundless excuse to remove his position as the Crown Prince.
"Impudent!"
The Great Elder suddenly raged, "Discard him or not, it's not up to a little girl like you to decide.
Men, drag her away. "
At this time, the new Prince, Ye Lang, suddenly laughed, "You should be flogged 30 times as a warning to others!"
The Great Elder replied coldly, "Then flog her 30 times!"
Soon, two guards of the Ye Clan rushed in.
Ye Ling clenched her fists and said angrily, "This is unfair. My brother has risked his life for the clan for so many years. Even now, he is risking his life for the clan. The clan is so unfair to him …"
One of the guards glanced at the new Prince, Ye Lang. He knew that this was his chance to shine.
The guard sneered, "Young Master Ye Lang inherits the position of Prince. What are you yelling about?" As he spoke, he raised his hand and slapped Ye Ling's face.
Slap!
A crisp slap sounded, and the right side of Ye Ling's face instantly swelled up. However, she did not cry. She only held her cheek tightly.
Ye Lang looked at the guard and smiled, "What's your name?"
The guard hurriedly bowed, "Subordinate Zhang Mu greets the Prince."
Ye Lang nodded, "You're not bad. After I become the Prince, I will need 10 guards. You can be my guard from now on."
Hearing this, Zhang Mu was overjoyed. He hurriedly bowed deeply, "This subordinate is willing to go through fire and water for the Prince!"
Ye Lang nodded, "Drag him away. This person is disturbing the ancestral hall. Don't hold back. Understood?"
Zhang Mu glanced at Ye Lang. When he saw the murderous intent in Ye Lang's eyes, he understood.
He immediately grabbed Ye Ling's hair and dragged her out.
At this moment, Zhang Mu seemed to see something and suddenly stopped.
In the ancestral hall, everyone turned their heads to look outside.
Not far from the ancestral hall, a young man was walking towards the ancestral hall. The young man was wearing a tight-fitting robe. The robe was tattered and covered in blood.
The young man was Ye Xuan, who had rushed back from Nanshan!
Seeing Ye Xuan, Ye Lang's lips curled into a sinister smile.
Inside the ancestral hall, the Elders frowned.
The Great Elder narrowed his eyes, his face dark and gloomy. No one knew what he was thinking.
From afar, when Ye Xuan saw Zhang Mu dragging Ye Ling, his face turned savage. "Who gave you the guts to touch my sister?"
When Zhang Mu saw Ye Xuan, his face changed. He hurriedly looked at Ye Lang and was about to speak. At this time, Ye Xuan was like a ferocious tiger leaping in front of him. Before the latter could react, Ye Xuan's fist landed on his face.
Peng!
Zhang Mu felt a wave of dizziness, and he stumbled and fell.
However, Ye Ling did not stop there. He charged towards Zhang Mu again. At this time, Ye Lang suddenly roared, "Ye Xuan, he's my man! How dare you …"
Ye Xuan suddenly stepped on Zhang Mu's chest.
Pu!
Zhang Mu spat out a mouthful of blood.
Seeing this, Ye Lang's face turned ugly. Ye Xuan looked up at him and snarled, "Your man?"
As he spoke, he stepped on Zhang Mu's face.
Zhang Mu's face turned into a bloody mess, as he screamed, "Prince, save, save me …"
Ye Xuan did not care about Zhang Mu, as he walked to Ye Ling's side. Seeing Ye Ling's state, Ye Xuan felt as though his heart was being cut by a knife. He clenched his fists, and his entire body trembled.
When Ye Ling saw Ye Xuan, her tears flowed, "Brother, it hurts, it hurts …"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan's expression turned savage. In the next instant, he charged in front of Zhang Mu and kicked Zhang Mu's head.
Peng!








Chapter 1403
Behind Bai Dizi stood a middle-aged man.
It was the Daoting Dao Ancestor!
Bai Dizi said, "Dao Ancestor, Zhenwu …"
The Dao Ancestor said, "This is his choice. Respect it!"
Bai Dizi sighed.
With Zhenwu's departure, the Daoting's strength was greatly reduced!
The Dao Ancestor looked into the depths of the starry sky. "Did you find the plain-dressed woman?"
Bai Dizi said, "Divine Wind and the others have been found!
But both of them are dead!
It seems that the plain-dressed woman is stronger than we imagined! "
The Dao Ancestor was silent.
Bai Dizi said, "Our top priority now is to deal with Mu Niannian!
She has lost her memory and has no strength. Now is the best time to kill her! "
Mu Niannian!
The Dao Ancestor turned to look in the direction of the Five-Dimensional Universe and said, "We should have destroyed her body and the Five-Dimensional Universe!"
As for that woman, he was also afraid of her.
It was that woman who had destroyed his body with less than 30% of her strength!
30% of her strength!
He had to admit that he was a little shocked at that time.
He was at the Dao Attainment Realm. Moreover, he was at the peak of the Dao Attainment Realm.
However, that woman had easily destroyed his body with only 30% of her strength!
In fact, during this period of seclusion, he had been thinking about how strong that woman was.
There was no answer!
There was no path above the Dao Attainment Realm.
At least for him, there was no path!
After a long time, the Dao Ancestor suddenly said, "Get ready!
I will go find that person! "
With that, he turned and left.
In the field, Bai Dizi was silent for a long time, then said softly, "Zhenwu, the Daoting Realm will become better!
The order of the Great Path will also be restored! "
With that, he turned and left.
....
The Dao Ancestor came to the Dao Tomb. On a mountain peak, the Dao Ancestor came to a cave.
The Dao Ancestor looked at the cave and said, "Senior Brother, are you still in seclusion?"
The stone door of the cave suddenly opened and a middle-aged man walked out!
Lord!
The Lord of the Dao Tomb!
If there were outsiders here, they would definitely be shocked!
Because the Dao Ancestor called him Senior Brother!
In fact, very few people knew that the Lord was once a Daoting. However, he later parted ways with the Daoting!
The Lord looked at the Dao Ancestor and smiled, "Junior Brother, how have you been?"
The Dao Ancestor was expressionless. "Looks like you didn't break through again!"
The Lord laughed, "It doesn't matter!"
The Dao Ancestor smiled and said, "Do you really not care?"
The Lord raised his head and looked deep into the starry sky. He smiled and said, "Junior Brother, during my seclusion, I suddenly realized something. It's meaningless!"
The Dao Ancestor frowned slightly. "What's meaningless?"
The Lord laughed, "Daoting battles with you are meaningless!"
The Dao Ancestor looked at the Great Lord. "What do you mean?"
The Lord laughed. "How strong do you think Mu Niannian is?"
The Dao Ancestor was silent.
Mu Niannian!
Just how strong was this woman?
He didn't know!
That woman's strength could be said to have exceeded his understanding!
The Lord continued, "Even if I subvert your Daoting, what's the point?
The Three Thousand Great Daos are just ants to some people in this world. "
Then, he looked at the Dao Ancestor and smiled, "I want to go to other places to see how big the universe is. I also want to see the strong from other places!
What about you? "
The Dao Ancestor was silent.
The Lord laughed, "I know that you want to kill Ye Xuan and that woman. Moreover, you want the Dao Scriptures!
Ye Xuan now has five scrolls, your Dao Court has two, and the Dao Tomb has one. If you get all of them, you will have eight Dao Scriptures. However, the last one is in the Saha World. Can you get it?
The Dao Ancestor whispered, "What if you get it?"
The Lord was silent.
Dao Scriptures!
What did it mean to gather the Dao Scriptures?
It meant to awaken the Dao Spirit …
One had to say, it was very tempting!
The Dao Ancestor looked at the Lord, "Senior Brother, aren't you tempted?"
The Lord laughed and didn't say anything.
The Dao Ancestor said, "Senior Brother, if we gather the Dao Scriptures and awaken the Dao Spirit, we will be able to reach the next level."
The Lord was silent.
The Dao Ancestor said, "Don't you want to see the complete version of the Dao Scriptures?"
The Lord looked at the Dao Ancestor, "That Ye Xuan is not simple!"
The Dao Ancestor smiled, "His biggest support is that Mu Niannian. That person has lost her memory. If we want to kill her, it will be easy, isn't it?"
The Lord asked, "What about the person behind him?"
The Dao Ancestor was silent.
Because until now, the Daoting still didn't know who was behind Ye Xuan.
The Lord smiled and said, "Let's not talk about the others. Let's talk about the woman in the plain dress. Junior Brother, what level do you think she is?"
The Dao Ancestor said, "Senior Brother, you have actually made a decision, right?"
The Lord smiled, "What decision?"
The Dao Ancestor looked at the Lord, "You will not give up on the Dao Scriptures!"
The Lord laughed, "Junior Brother, you have no choice because you have already become enemies with Ye Xuan. However, I have a choice because I have a good relationship with Ye Xuan in the Dao Tomb!
What do you think? "
The Dao Ancestor smiled, "Senior Brother, you said that you want to leave. Where are you going?
To the Ancient God Abyss? "
The Lord said, "Can't I?"
The Dao Ancestor looked at the Lord, "Are you going there to rely on others?"
The Lord's smile slowly disappeared.
The Dao Ancestor smiled and said, "Senior Brother, at this level, you and I can be said to have reached our limits. Although we are all geniuses, the Dao Attainment Realm is our limit. Not to mention us, wasn't Master the same back then?
To us, there is only one way to change our fate and reach the next level. That is to gather all the Dao Scriptures and awaken the Dao Spirit. What do you think? "
The Lord smiled, "You want me to join forces with you!"
The Dao Ancestor looked at the Lord, "Yes!"
The Lord chuckled, "Junior Brother, do you know that greed can kill people?"
The Dao Ancestor was expressionless, "If we can't reach the next level, how long do you and I have to live?
Ten thousand years?
A thousand years? "
The Lord was silent.
The Dao Ancestor continued, "One more thing. Senior Brother, don't you want to know why Mu Niannian is so strong?
He doesn't have the complete Dao Scripture but his wealth is above the Dao Realm. I believe that you must be curious too, right? "
The Lord smiled, "I am indeed curious!"
The Dao Ancestor said, "It's easy to figure it out. Just capture this person, right?"
The Lord did not speak. He slowly walked to the side of the cliff. No one knew what he was thinking.
The Dao Ancestor continued, "Senior Brother, you are worried about the person behind him!"
The Lord smiled, "Shouldn't I be worried?"
The Dao Ancestor said, "Everything has its risks!"
The Lord said softly, "This is a little risky!"
The Dao Ancestor was about to speak when the Lord said, "As far as I know, Ye Xuan has an agreement with the Dao Tomb. After he obtains the Dao Scripture, he will share it with the Dao Tomb!"
The Dao Ancestor's face darkened, "Senior Brother, do you really believe it?"
The Lord looked at the Dao Ancestor, "Why wouldn't I believe it?
After Ye Xuan obtained the Dao Scripture, he was very generous. He shared the five Dao Scriptures with the people around him! "
The Dao Ancestor said, "It's just to buy people's hearts!"
The Lord laughed, "Buy people's hearts?
Junior Brother!
You are still the same as before. You like to look at people with prejudice!
Sometimes, is it so difficult to admit the excellence of others? "
The Dao Ancestor was expressionless.
The Lord said, "Junior Brother, I am different from you. You have no way out because if you don't kill Ye Xuan, Ye Xuan will destroy your Daoting!
As for me, I have no reason to be enemies with him!
Why should I be enemies with him?
My Dao Tomb has already formed a good relationship with him. Why should I turn this good relationship into a bad one?
Of course, I am also tempted by what you said. Gather all the Dao Scriptures, awaken the spirit of the Dao, and reach a higher level!
However, even if I am tempted, there is no need for me to be enemies with Ye Xuan.
Why?
Because after Ye Xuan gathers all the Dao Scriptures, I don't think there will be any problem with him sharing it! "
As he said this, he looked at the Dao Ancestor and smiled, "It might be difficult for you to share it. However, I don't think there will be any difficulty for Ye Xuan to share it!
This person has a pure heart and values relationships. Most importantly, he doesn't care about the Dao Scriptures.
When he gathers all eight scrolls, I will give him the one from my Dao Tomb. I believe that it won't be difficult for him to share the complete version of the Dao Scripture. What do you think? "
The Dao Ancestor smiled, "It seems that Senior Brother thinks that I, Daoting, will definitely lose this battle!"
The Lord shook his head, "That is not what I am concerned about. What I am concerned about is what choice I should make to maximize my benefits!"
As he said this, he looked at the sky and smiled, "I will not help Ye Xuan fight you. Although he is worth befriending, I do not want to be involved in this whirlpool. After all, he is a person with the Cause of Disaster. It is better to stay away from him!
Also, I will not help you fight him. You are an ingrate. It is better to help him than to help you. After all, Ye Xuan is a person who values relationships more than you. "
As he said this, he looked at the Dao Ancestor and smiled, "I will wait and see!"
The Dao Ancestor smiled, "What if I win?"
The Lord blinked, "If you win, will you be able to gather all the Dao Scriptures?
Junior Brother, don't forget that I also have the Dao Scriptures. You win!
If you want to gather all the Dao Scriptures, you have to beg me! "
The Dao Ancestor looked at the Lord and did not speak.
The Lord smiled, "For the sake of my dead Master, I will give you a piece of advice. It is not scary to make mistakes, but it is scary to make mistakes again and again!
Mu Niannian has been resurrected. Ye Xuan's hatred for the Daoting is not that great!
Admit defeat and form a good relationship with the Fifth Dimension. I believe that it should not be a big problem. After all, Mu Niannian is alive. For Ye Xuan, as long as Mu Niannian is not dead, anything can be discussed.
As for the Dao Scriptures … If it is yours, then it is yours. If it is not, then don't force it! "
The Dao Ancestor looked at the Lord and smiled, "Senior Brother, do you know why you lost to me?"
Without waiting for the Lord to answer, the Dao Ancestor said, "Because I fight. I fight for everything. Since I have set foot on this path, I must fight!
Watch carefully. This time, I will fight with Ye Xuan! "
As he said this, he turned around and disappeared into the horizon.
On the mountain peak, the Lord was silent for a moment. Then, he shook his head and smiled, "Fight your sister!"
.....








Chapter 1404
The Five-Dimensional Universe!
Ye Xuan returned to the Five-Dimensional Universe. At this moment, his heart was extremely heavy!
Lord True Martial had reached the Dao Attainment Realm!
This was one disaster after another for the Five-Dimensional Universe!
He was also extremely depressed. How did that guy reach the Dao Attainment Realm?
Could it be that his battle with White Robe inspired that guy?
Thinking of this, Ye Xuan could not help but shake his head and sigh.
This trip to the Daoting Realm was a huge loss!
Inside the hall.
Ye Xuan had just entered the Sword Hall when he saw Guan Yin!
Beside Guan Yin was a man in black. It was Li Zuo.
Ye Xuan was stunned when he saw Li Zuo, then hurriedly said, "Senior Li Zuo, you're back so soon?"
Li Zuo said solemnly, "I called two people, both at the peak of the Dao Attainment Realm. However, they will need thirty thousand Fortune Divine Crystals for each attack. Is there a problem?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "No problem!"
What he lacked the least now were Fortune Divine Crystals!
Li Zuo nodded slightly. "That's good!
They are all in the dark. If you need them, they can attack at any time!
Of course, if the Five-Dimensional Universe has no chance of winning, they will not fight to the death. They will choose to leave! "
Ye Xuan nodded. "Understood!"
After all, they were here to make money, not to fight to the death!
Of course, he only needed them to help him hold back a few of the Daoting Realm's core powerhouses!
Li Zuo nodded and did not say anything else. He quietly left!
Ye Xuan looked at Guan Yin. Guan Yin smiled. "Aro, Jiu, An Lanxiu, and Wenxiu have all come out!"
Ye Xuan was about to speak when a woman walked in!
It was Zhang Wenxiu!
Seeing Zhang Wenxiu, Guan Yin smiled and retreated.
She knew that Ye Xuan and Zhang Wenxiu had a special relationship!
Ye Xuan looked at Zhang Wenxiu and smiled. "Congratulations!"
Zhang Wenxiu had reached the Dao Validation realm!
Zhang Wenxiu walked over to Ye Xuan and sized up Ye Xuan. "Let's spar?"
Ye Xuan laughed and said, "You really want to beat me?"
Zhang Wenxiu rolled her eyes at Ye Xuan. She walked to the side and sat down. "Looks like I won't be able to defeat you!"
Ye Xuan sat beside Zhang Wenxiu. "Wenxiu, how's the Academy?"
Zhang Wenxiu smiled and said, "It's getting better and better. The current academy is several times bigger than before!
The Headmaster of the Academy only teaches every day. She is very relaxed! "
Ye Xuan turned to look at Zhang Wenxiu. "What about you?
What are your plans for the future? "
Zhang Wenxiu looked at Ye Xuan and did not say anything.
Ye Xuan blinked. "Did I say something wrong?"
Zhang Wenxiu did not say anything. She stood up and left!
Ye Xuan quickly grabbed Zhang Wenxiu's hand. Zhang Wenxiu tried to break free, but Ye Xuan's physical strength was too strong. She could not break free at all.
Ye Xuan asked softly, "What's wrong?"
Zhang Wenxiu was expressionless and did not say anything.
Ye Xuan caressed Zhang Wenxiu's hand and said softly, "I know that I have neglected you these days. I, Ye Xuan, am not a heartless person. But you also know that too many things have happened in the Fifth Dimension!"
Zhang Wenxiu did not say anything.
She knew that ever since Mu Niannian left, Ye Xuan had shouldered too much!
Now, the safety of the entire Fifth Dimension was on Ye Xuan's shoulders.
Ye Xuan said again, "If I am not wrong, Daoting might be risking his life!"
Zhang Wenxiu looked at Ye Xuan. "What are your plans?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "What plans can I have?
Of course, I will fight them to the death! "
Zhang Wenxiu was silent.
Ye Xuan held Zhang Wenxiu's hand and said softly, "I can't promise you anything because I might die tomorrow!"
Zhang Wenxiu shook her head. "I don't need you to promise me anything."
Ye Xuan smiled. "If we live, we live together. If we die, we die together!
What I owe you in this life, I will repay you in my next life! "
Zhang Wenxiu said calmly, "If you lose, will Daoting let you have a next life?"
Ye Xuan laughed. "That's true!
They will definitely annihilate my soul! "
Zhang Wenxiu looked at Ye Xuan with a complicated look in her eyes. "You have matured a lot!"
She still remembered the Ye Xuan of the past. At that time, Ye Xuan was sloppy and not serious at all!
But now, Ye Xuan was the Master of the Fifth Dimension!
As if she thought of something, Zhang Wenxiu suddenly grabbed Ye Xuan's hand. "Do you know?
I have been a little worried these days. I am not worried about Daoting, but worried about you. I am worried that you are walking too fast! "
Ye Xuan blinked. "I am walking too fast?"
Zhang Wenxiu nodded. "You are walking too fast!
So fast that I can't keep up with you! "
Ye Xuan fell silent.
Zhang Wenxiu looked at Ye Xuan. "It is not just me. They all have this worry."
Ye Xuan smiled. "I have to walk fast!"
Zhang Wenxiu nodded. "I understand!"
Ye Xuan took out a storage ring and placed it in Zhang Wenxiu's hand. "There are one million Fortune Divine Crystals and some treasures that you can use!"
Zhang Wenxiu did not refuse. She put away the storage ring and said, "If there is anything, we will all bear it together. Don't bear it alone, understand?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Okay!"
Zhang Wenxiu looked at Ye Xuan. "Even if we die, we will die together.
Of course, it is best if we can live!
After all, you still owe me so much! "
Ye Xuan held Zhang Wenxiu's hand tightly and smiled. "I will repay what I owe you in this lifetime!"
Zhang Wenxiu suddenly threw herself into Ye Xuan's arms. She closed her eyes and shook her head. "Men smell so bad!"
Then, she turned and left.
Inside the hall, Ye Xuan was silent.
At this time, a middle-aged man suddenly appeared in the hall.
The person who had come was the High Lord!
Ye Xuan looked at the Lord. "Senior, are you the Lord of the Dao Tomb?"
The Lord smiled. "How did you guess?"
Ye Xuan said, "There is only one Dao Ancestor that can make me feel threatened. The other one is the Lord!"
The Lord laughed. "Ye Xuan, there is more than one Dao Ancestor in the Daoting realm!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "I was just guessing, but it seems like I was right!"
Looking at Ye Xuan, the Lord said, "I am here to talk about cooperation with you!"
Ye Xuan said, "Senior, please speak!"
The Lord laughed and said, "You are a straightforward person, so I won't beat around the bush!
What I mean is simple. This time, the Dao Tomb will not interfere in the matter between you and the Daoting. "
Ye Xuan said, "Senior, please continue!"
The Lord continued. "If you can gather all eight Dao Scriptures, I will give you the one in the Dao Tomb. You can summon the Dao Spirit!
But in return, I want to see the complete Dao Scripture!
Is there a problem? "
Ye Xuan smiled. "Senior, I have discussed this with Senior Rahu. We have reached an agreement!"
The Lord looked at Ye Xuan. "I just want to confirm!"
Ye Xuan said, "Senior, don't worry. If I can gather all nine Dao Scriptures, I will let you have a look!"
The Lord smiled. "Thank you!"
He turned to leave.
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Sir, can we talk about something else?"
The Lord turned to Ye Xuan. "You are trying to trick me!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The Lord smiled. "Although I know you are trying to trick me, I am willing to listen to you. Consider it as giving you face!
After all, I still have to give you face! "
Ye Xuan looked at the Lord. "Senior, I want to borrow a few people from you!"
The Lord blinked. "I said!
The Dao Tomb will not interfere! "
Ye Xuan smiled. "Senior, Sister Nian has reached the Dao Realm!"
The Lord's smile froze.
Ye Xuan said, "Sister Nian and I are very close!"
He looked at the Lord. "Senior, do you want to make a bet?"
The Lord was silent.
He knew what Ye Xuan meant!
If Ye Xuan won and Mu Niannian regained his memory, he could ask Mu Niannian for guidance!
If he could ask Mu Niannian for guidance, the complete Dao Scripture would be nothing!
Why would Mu Niannian teach him?
It was simple!
Ye Xuan!
If Ye Xuan spoke up for him, it would be simple!
Who didn't know the relationship between Ye Xuan and Mu Niannian?
A moment later, the Lord suddenly said, "I will give you six Dao Defense Peak Stage powerhouses. I have secretly trained these six people. Even Luo Hou doesn't know of their existence.
Their strength is second only to Luo Hou and the Heavenly King! "
Then, six black-robed people appeared behind him.
All six of them were Dao Defense Peak Stage powerhouses.
The Lord looked at Ye Xuan. "Now, the six of them will listen to your orders."
Ye Xuan said, "Thank you!"
The Lord suddenly laughed, "Can you tell me the truth?"
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "What do you mean?"
The Lord smiled. "For example, your true background!
And the people behind you! "
Ye Xuan shook his head. "Senior, you won't believe me even if I tell you!"
The Lord smiled. "How can I believe you if you don't tell me?"
Ye Xuan thought for a moment. "Actually, I am the Son of the Plane of the Nine-Dimensional Universe!"
The Lord blinked. "Scram!"
Then, he turned and disappeared.
Inside the palace, Ye Xuan shook his head.
His own background?
In fact, he didn't even know!
Ye Xuan gazed at the six of them, and then he pointed with his finger. Six spatial rings descended before them, and every single one of them contained 100,000 Divine Fortune Crystals!
The six of them glanced at the spatial rings. Meanwhile, one of the black-robed figures hesitated for a moment before he said, "Young Master Ye, you're too kind!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "The battle with the Daoting is of utmost importance to the Five-Dimensional Universe. I hope that all of you can help me when the time comes. If I, Ye Xuan, am able to survive, then I, Ye Xuan, will definitely reward all of you handsomely!"
The black-robed figure in the lead put the spatial rings away. "We'll do our best."
Ye Xuan nodded. "Thank you!
All of you hide yourselves for now. I'll ask all of you to lend a hand when the time comes! "
The six of them nodded, and then they vanished without a trace.
Ye Xuan walked out of the palace, and he looked up into the depths of the starry sky. No one knew what he was thinking.
Meanwhile, Nian Nian suddenly appeared by Ye Xuan's side. She took Ye Xuan's hand and said softly, "I still can't remember anything!"
She'd been trying hard to recall the past, but she couldn't!
Ye Xuan withdrew his gaze, looked at Nian Nian, and smiled. "If you can't remember, then don't think about it!
This time, I'll protect you. "
Nian Nian looked at Ye Xuan and didn't say anything.
Ye Xuan continued. "Just like how you protected me last time …"
Nian Nian looked up at Ye Xuan. "What if you can't win?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Then I'll die with Nian Nian!
This time, if we live, then we'll live together. If we die, then we'll die together! "
...
Ancient God Abyss.
An old man stood silently at the top of a pyramid. He looked up into the depths of the starry sky, and his eyes were filled with confusion!
This person was Su Zhe!
Ever since he'd met the woman in the plain dress, he'd been deeply affected!
He'd already achieved the Dao. Originally, he'd thought that he was already standing at the peak of martial arts in this world. However, the appearance of the woman in the plain dress made him understand that he hadn't reached the peak at all. In fact, he was still a long way from the true peak!
That woman was so strong that it made people feel hopeless!
How could there be such a powerful person in this world?
At this moment, an old man suddenly appeared beside Su Zhe.
This person was Su Ke, who'd come into contact with Ye Xuan in the depths of the Dark World!
Su Zhe withdrew his gaze. "How's the investigation going?"
Su Ke said in a low voice. "It's clear. The young man I met in the Dark World is the brother of the woman in the plain dress!"
In fact, he didn't know the woman in the plain dress. When she came to the Ancient God Abyss, he wasn't there.
When he returned to the Ancient God Abyss and heard about the woman in the plain dress, he felt a lingering fear. Because he'd met Ye Xuan!
At that time, he'd almost attacked Ye Xuan … Every time he thought about it, he felt a lingering fear.
That mysterious woman had almost destroyed the Ancient God Abyss!
After the lingering fear, he rejoiced. This was because he'd formed a good relationship with Ye Xuan.
At this time, Su Zhe asked, "That young man is in the Fifth Dimension?"
Su Ke nodded. "Yes!
However, his current situation doesn't seem to be good! "
Su Zhe looked at Su Ke. "What do you mean?"
Su Ke said in a low voice. "According to what I know, that Daoting wants to attack him!"
Su Zhe was stunned. "Daoting wants to attack him?"
Su Ke nodded. "Young Master Ye has five Dao Scriptures. Moreover, he seems to have a blood feud with Daoting!
Now that Daoting Dao Ancestor has come out, he's about to attack the Fifth Dimension. "
Su Zhe said softly, "This Daoting … His strength isn't that great, but his guts are really big!"
As he said this, he looked at Su Zhe. "Don't they know how strong that senior is?"
Su Ke said in a low voice. "According to my investigation, they've investigated that senior. The two people that senior killed were from Daoting."
Su Zhe frowned. "Then why do they still dare to cause trouble for Young Master Ye?"
Su Ke smiled bitterly. "That senior only used one sword to kill them. Therefore, they don't know her true strength … They might have misunderstood her strength!"
Su Zhe was silent.
That senior only used one sword to kill, but Daoting didn't know that she only used one sword to kill Dao Realm cultivators!
Forget about Dao Realm cultivators, even if he was in front of her, he wouldn't be able to withstand one sword!
Su Ke suddenly asked, "Should we help?"
Su Zhe smiled. "Of course we should help!
That senior values this Young Master Ye so much. If we can form a good relationship with this Young Master Ye, it'll be the same as forming a good relationship with that senior! "
As he said this, he paused and then said, "That senior might be training this Young Master Ye. Therefore, we shouldn't rush to intervene. If Young Master Ye is in danger, it won't be too late for us to intervene."
Su Ke nodded. "Alright!
I'll go to the Fifth Dimension now! "
Su Zhe suddenly said, "Bring some people with you!"
Su Ke looked at Su Zhe. "How many people?"
Su Zhe thought for a moment and said, "Just in case, bring ten Dao Realm cultivators with you!
If there are any changes, inform me immediately. "
.....
PS: Are there any tycoons among my readers?
If there are, can you share how you got rich?
I'm about to go to the sea!








Chapter 1405
In the Fifth Dimension.
On this day, somewhere in the Fifth Dimension, the starry sky suddenly split open. Then, a middle-aged man walked out!
Dao Ancestor!
The moment the Dao Ancestor appeared in the starry sky of the Fifth Dimension, all living beings in the Fifth Dimension felt a formless power!
A Dao Realm expert!
Behind the Dao Ancestor were Bai Dizi and the others.
Almost all the Daoting experts were here!
The Dao Ancestor suddenly said, "Set up the array!"
As soon as he said that, seven Godly Lords suddenly appeared in seven different directions. The next moment, the constellations moved and a huge starlight array covered the entire starry sky!
Seven Stars Divine Array!
In the depths of the starry sky, the power of countless stars continuously gathered towards this array.
This was the most powerful array of the Daoting experts. It could borrow the power of thousands of stars!
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly appeared in front of the Dao Ancestor.
The Dao Ancestor looked at Ye Xuan. "Aren't you the young master of the Whirling Sect?
Now, you can call the experts of the Whirling Sect to save you!
Or, you can call the woman in the plain dress behind you! "
Ye Xuan nodded. "Okay!"
After saying that, he took out the Qiankun Gourd. "Immortal Gourd, call some people over!"
There was no response!
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Immortal Gourd, don't play dead. Call some people over to help!"
At this moment, Immortal Gourd suddenly said, "Kid, I can call people over. I really can. However, if the people I call over know that you have so many Dao scriptures, hehe …"
Ye Xuan threw Immortal Gourd into the World Prison Pagoda.
As if thinking of something, Ye Xuan spread out his hands and the blood in his body started to tremble!
Bloodline power!
Seeing this scene, the Dao Ancestor's expression changed subtly!
Ye Xuan's bloodline had always been a mystery!
Who was this guy's son?
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly raised his head and roared, "Ancestor Summoning!"
Ancestor Summoning!
Everyone: "…"
The Daoting and the other experts' expressions were extremely strange!
This guy wanted to summon his ancestor?
The Dao Ancestor's expression gradually turned solemn. He did not dare to underestimate Ye Xuan's bloodline.
As soon as Ye Xuan's voice fell, a blood-red light suddenly shot up from his body. In an instant, the entire starry sky turned blood-red. It was extremely terrifying!
The expressions of the experts from the Dao Palace turned solemn when they witnessed this scene.
It looked a little scary!
When Ye Xuan shouted 'Ancestral Summoning', in a distant part of the starry sky, a man in green suddenly stopped. He turned his head and frowned. "What is he doing?"
Beside the azure-robed man, a spear-wielding woman asked, "What's wrong?"
The blue-clothed man had a strange expression. "He's summoning his ancestor!"
The woman: "…"
The azure-clothed man shook his head. "You even summoned your ancestor!
He wants to ascend to the heavens! "
The woman said, "Maybe he ran into some trouble!"
The green-robed man pulled the woman's hand and walked away. "Ignore him!"
The woman was about to speak when the azure-clothed man suddenly stopped. He turned his head and frowned. There was killing intent in his eyes.
The woman asked, "What's wrong?"
The azure-clothed man said, "Nianxue is in trouble!"
The woman was about to speak when the azure-clothed man said, "Wait for me. I'll be back soon!"
With that, he disappeared on the spot.
The woman: "…"
At the side, the horned little girl suddenly said, "The daughter is her biological daughter. The son must have been picked up!"
...
In the Five-Dimensional Universe, Ye Xuan looked at the starry sky without any reaction.
Ye Xuan frowned. He tried again, but there was still no response.
Ye Xuan's expression darkened!
Damn it!
Summoning his ancestor didn't work!
This was a little awkward!
At this moment, the Dao Ancestor suddenly said, "Ye Xuan, I'll give you a chance to live. Are you leaving?"
Ye Xuan looked at the Dao Ancestor. "Dao Ancestor, why are you still saying such nonsense to me at a time like this? Are you retarded?"
The Dao Ancestor was about to speak when Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Jia Lou!"
As soon as he finished speaking, a black shadow flashed out of Ye Xuan's body. In the next moment, a huge dragon that was tens of thousands of meters long appeared in the starry sky!
Jia Lou!
At this moment, Jia Lou had already cultivated a Dao Body!
When he saw Jia Lou, the Dao Ancestor's expression changed.
He looked at Ye Xuan. "Jia Lou, you …"
Ye Xuan looked at Jia Lou. "Hold him back!"
In the sky, Jia Lou dove directly towards the Dao Ancestor.
This charge caused the starry sky to tremble as if it was about to shatter. It was extremely shocking.
When they saw this scene, the expressions of the Daoting experts changed.
This pressure was not weaker than the Dao Ancestor's at all!
A trace of hostility flashed in the Dao Ancestor's eyes. He lightly stomped his right foot and shot into the sky. In the sky, he punched out.
This punch caused the entire starry sky to become illusory!
Boom!
The entire starry sky suddenly trembled violently. Then, Jia Lou was blasted back. However, her strong body had withstood all the power of the Dao Ancestor's punch!
After forcing Jia Lou back with a punch, the Dao Ancestor turned to look at Bai Dizi. "Kill!
Leave no one alive! "
With that, he turned and rushed towards Jia Lou again.
Below, Bai Dizi suddenly said, "Get out of the formation!"
As soon as he finished speaking, the Seven Star God Formation suddenly trembled violently. In the next moment, the energy of countless stars converged to form a huge blade, and the space around the huge blade instantly became illusory as soon as it appeared!
This huge blade contained endless power of the stars!
In the sky, Bai Dizi suddenly roared, "Kill!"
The seven Divine Lords pointed at Ye Xuan below as soon as they finished speaking.
Chi!
The huge blade of stars tore through the sky from the center of the formation. Wherever the blade passed, space was directly torn and shattered!
Ye Xuan had to receive this attack. If he did not, the huge blade of stars would enter the Fifth Dimension and destroy the Fifth Dimension's Origin!
However, Ye Xuan did not dodge and allowed the huge blade of stars to slash into his body.
Boom!
Under everyone's gaze, the huge blade of stars was directly absorbed by Ye Xuan!
Ye Xuan's aura skyrocketed!
Seeing this scene, all the experts on the Daoting stage were stunned.
Bai Dizi looked at Ye Xuan in disbelief and said with a trembling voice, "You … you can even absorb the power of the stars …"
With that, he roared like a madman, "Ye Xuan!
Ah ah ah ah!
Is there anything that you can't absorb? "
...
At that moment, Bai Dizi was indeed very aggrieved!
Ye Xuan could absorb Sword Qi, Turbid Qi, and Death Qi. But now, Ye Xuan could even absorb the power of the stars!
Was this guy a black hole?
He could absorb anything!
Below, Ye Xuan greedily took a deep breath, an intoxicated expression on his face.
After absorbing the power of the stars, he felt that his cultivation level had improved a lot!
It was really a great supplement!
Ye Xuan looked at Bai Dizi, cupped his fists, and said with a smile, "Thank you!"
Hearing this, Bai Dizi's face twitched. This was killing people!
Ye Xuan looked up at Jia Lou and the Dao Ancestor. Jia Lou had already been suppressed by the Dao Ancestor. Obviously, Jia Lou's strength was inferior to the Dao Ancestor's. However, with Jia Lou's powerful physical body, the Dao Ancestor could not do anything to her for a while!
Ye Xuan withdrew his gaze and looked at White Robe. "Little Seven!"
As his voice fell, a sword light suddenly broke through the air from afar!
Not far away, White Robe frowned slightly. He suddenly turned his head and stabbed out with his spear.
Bang!
White Robe was blasted over 100m back!
White Robe stared fixedly at Little Seven who had appeared in front of him. "You've become stronger again!"
He'd fought Little Seven the last time, and Little Seven wasn't so strong at that time!
Little Seven didn't waste his breath at all. He charged at White Robe with his sword in hand.
White Robe stomped his right foot on the ground, and then he vanished on the spot. In an instant, numerous sounds of slicing resounded.
After White Robe was stopped, Ye Xuan looked at Bai Dizi and the others. Bai Dizi was about to speak when Ye Xuan suddenly waved his right hand. In an instant, over 100,000 energy swords appeared around him.
The expressions of Bai Dizi and the others changed drastically when they witnessed this scene.
Ye Xuan suddenly pressed his fingers together and pointed forward. "Slash!"
As soon as he finished speaking, over 100,000 energy swords tore through the air, and it was an extremely magnificent sight!
Right at this moment, a white haired old man suddenly appeared in front of Bai Dizi and the others. The white haired old man opened his palm, and a white square mirror appeared in his hand. In the next moment, a strand of dazzling white light suddenly erupted from the mirror!
Bang!
Ye Xuan's foul energy was completely obstructed by the white light, and it was gradually dispersed!
Ye Xuan frowned when he witnessed this scene. What sort of mirror is that?
It's actually able to disperse my foul energy!
However, the white mirror in the white haired old man's hand was slowly becoming illusory as well!
Ye Xuan didn't retract his foul energy because he noticed that the white haired old man's mirror was on the verge of vanishing!
Right at this moment, the white haired old man suddenly put the mirror away, and then he transformed into an afterimage that shot explosively towards Ye Xuan!
Hiss!
His body tore through space, and the space in an area of over 3km was even split apart into spiderwebs by the white haired old man's body. It was an extremely shocking sight!
Moreover, the foul energy hadn't even approached the white haired old man when it was blasted away by a powerful force!
Ye Xuan's expression instantly became solemn when he witnessed this scene!
A Dao Attainment Realm expert!
The white haired old man was actually an expert at the Dao Attainment Realm!
Meanwhile, the white haired old man had arrived in front of Ye Xuan, and then he smashed his fist forward.
This punch was very simple, yet it contained an extremely overbearing and violent force. This violent force seemed as if it could destroy the entire Fifth Dimension, and it was extremely terrifying!
At the instant that the white haired old man struck out with his fist, some of the foul energy in the space around Ye Xuan was instantly transformed into nothingness. It wasn't just the foul energy, even the space around Ye Xuan was shattered and obliterated at this moment!
The might of this punch was sufficient to shatter the heavens and the earth!
Ye Xuan didn't dodge. He was unable to dodge this punch, so he could only take it head-on.
Ye Xuan took a step forward, drew his sword, and slashed.
Dao Sword!
His sword slashed out, and sword light shot out like a waterfall.
Rumble!
An expanse of sword light shattered, and Ye Xuan instantly retreated explosively by over 1km. As soon as he stopped, the space behind him had been transformed into nothingness!
Ye Xuan gazed at the white haired old man with a solemn expression.
This old man was much stronger than the white-robed old man and Zhen Wu!
The white haired old man glanced at Ye Xuan, then turned his head to look at Bai Dizi. Bai Dizi understood and looked down at the Fifth Dimension. "Kill!"
As soon as his voice fell, the Daoting experts behind him rushed toward the Fifth Dimension.
This time, they didn't just want to kill Ye Xuan, but also the entire Fifth Dimension.
As long as the Fifth Dimension was not destroyed, Mu Niannian wouldn't die. Therefore, they had to destroy the entire Fifth Dimension to avoid any future troubles.
At this moment, sword cries suddenly resounded from below, and the next moment, hundreds of sword lights collided from below!
Sword Sect!
More than 300 Swordsman directly rushed into the starry sky.
Although the Daoting experts had a higher realm than the Swordsman from the Sword Sect, these Swordsman didn't have the slightest bit of fear in their eyes.
Fight!
In the eyes of all the Swordsman, there was only fighting spirit!
Senior Sister Lu, who was in the lead, pointed her sword at the Daoting experts. "Fight to the last man!
Kill! "
As soon as her voice fell, she directly turned into a sword light and rushed out.
Hundreds of Swordsman attacked at the same time. In an instant, sword qi swept across the entire starry sky with terrifying momentum!
Bai Dizi was expressionless. "Courting death!"
These Swordsman's battle prowess wasn't bad, but the difference between their realms and the Daoting experts was too big!
One had to know that the weakest Daoting experts were Dao Validation experts. Moreover, the majority of Daoting experts were Dao Defense experts.
What was important was that these people had all stayed in the Celestial Abyss before, so their combat experience was quite rich.
If these Swordsman were all Dao Validation experts, perhaps there would be a fight. Unfortunately, these Swordsman were mostly Self Release experts!
At this moment, six mysterious experts suddenly rushed toward Bai Dizi and the others. They were the six people that the Lord had given to Ye Xuan. Apart from them, there were also Li Zuo and the other two. All three of them were at the peak of Dao Defense!
Nine super Dao Defense Realm experts!
Seeing these nine people, Bai Dizi's expression changed subtly. However, these nine people wouldn't be able to change the outcome of the battle!
At this moment, Ye Xuan, who was not far away, suddenly opened his palm. The next moment, twelve black shadows flew out from his palm. Then, twelve enormous Naga Dragon souls appeared in the starry sky!
As soon as the twelve Naga Dragon souls appeared, Bai Dizi's expression changed!
It wasn't just Bai Dizi, the white-haired old man who stood before Ye Xuan frowned as well!
These twelve Naga Dragon souls were over 10km tall, and they emanated extremely powerful dragon energy. Even though they were only dragon souls, their auras were extremely powerful, and they were merely inferior to the two Dao Attainment Realm experts and Jia Lou!
The white-haired old man stared fixedly at Ye Xuan, "What's your relationship with the Naga Dragons!?"
Ye Xuan looked at the white-haired old man and smiled, "Take a guess!"
The white-haired old man didn't speak.
Ye Xuan is becoming more and more mysterious!
Suddenly, the twelve Naga Dragon souls swooped down towards Daoting and the other experts!
The twelve Naga Dragon souls swooped down in unison as if they intended to crush this expanse of the starry sky. At this moment, the entire starry sky trembled as if it was on the verge of collapse. It was an extremely shocking sight.
Ye Xuan was slightly shocked as well because he hadn't expected the Naga Dragon souls to be so strong!
The twelve Naga Dragon souls were sufficient to resist a few dozen Dao Attainment Realm experts!
At the same time, An Lanxiu and the others had arrived.
An Lanxiu, Aro, A 'Jiu, Situ, Zhang Wenxiu, Lian Wanli, and the others had attained the Dao Validation Realm. Even though they were only at the Dao Validation Realm, they didn't feel any pressure when resisting Dao Attainment Realm experts!
Bai Dizi's face instantly fell when he witnessed this scene!
The overall strength of the Fifth Dimension was still inferior to Daoting, but it wasn't as weak as Daoting thought either!
The current Fifth Dimension was completely capable of fighting Daoting!
As if he'd thought of something, Bai Dizi suddenly turned to look at the white-haired old man in the distance, "Elder Mi, kill Ye Xuan first!"
The white-haired old man looked at Ye Xuan, and then he slowly clenched his right hand. At this moment, the space around him instantly became illusory.
In the distance, Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes, and a powerful strand of killing intent gradually spread out from within him.
Meanwhile, the white-haired old man suddenly vanished on the spot. Meanwhile, Ye Xuan suddenly opened his eyes, and they were completely blood red!
Ye Xuan suddenly roared furiously, "Kill!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he slashed down with his sword.
This strike wasn't just a Dao Sword, it also contained killing intent!
An expanse of blood red light suddenly erupted in front of him. In an instant, Ye Xuan retreated explosively by over 1km, and he'd just stopped when the white-haired old man suddenly appeared in front of him. After that, the white-haired old man smashed his fist towards Ye Xuan's stomach!
This punch could destroy the heavens and the earth!
However, at this moment, Ye Xuan actually didn't dodge at all and allowed the punch to strike his chest.
Bang!
Ye Xuan's figure was blasted flying, but at the instant he flew, a sword stabbed into the white-haired old man's left shoulder.
Soul Suppressing Sword!
Bang!
A powerful soul force directly enveloped the white-haired old man, causing his expression to change drastically. His reaction was extremely fast, and his right hand abruptly pulled out the Soul Suppressing Sword. At the same time, his entire figure retreated hundreds of meters.
After stopping, the white-haired old man's body turned illusory, and his entire person was extremely abnormal. However, his soul gradually returned to normal.
After all, he was a Dao Attainment Realm expert, so it was impossible for his soul to be shattered by a single slash from the Soul Suppressing Sword!
After the white-haired old man's soul calmed down, he lifted his head to look at Ye Xuan in the distance. There was a trace of seriousness in his eyes. In that instant just now, he'd almost fallen for Ye Xuan's Dao!
If he hadn't reacted fast enough, his soul would've been severely injured!
Other than that, he'd also noticed something else, and that was Ye Xuan's physical body!
Ye Xuan had forcefully taken a punch from him, but Ye Xuan was still standing normally!
The white-haired old man unwaveringly stared at Ye Xuan. "Your physical body is unexpectedly strong to this extent!"
In the distance, Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes. In his heart, he felt that it was a pity. That sword just now had almost seriously injured the old man's soul!
He'd still underestimated a Dao Realm expert!
Ye Xuan opened his eyes and looked around. At this moment, the experts of the Fifth Dimension and the Daoting experts were already in full swing. Because of the twelve Naga Dragon souls, the Fifth Dimension's side was not too disadvantaged!
However, the situation was not good for the Fifth Dimension, because Jia Lou couldn't beat the Dao Ancestor!
At this moment, Jia Lou was completely suppressed. If it weren't for her physical body being too strong, she would have already been killed.
At this moment, the Dao Ancestor suddenly punched Jia Lou. He didn't follow up with another attack. Instead, he looked down at Ye Xuan and said fiercely, "Ye Xuan, today, you and that Mu Niannian must die. No one can protect the two of you!"
As his voice faded, he opened his palm and roared, "Great Dao Restoration!"
As his voice faded, the starlight in the entire starry sky was annihilated!
On the other side, the white-haired old man slowly clenched his right hand, and a powerful fist force locked onto Ye Xuan. It should be said that the entire starry sky was enveloped by this fist force!
Fist Dao!
Obviously, the two of them wanted to join forces to kill Ye Xuan first!
As long as they killed Ye Xuan, the entire Fifth Dimension would instantly collapse!
How terrifying would it be if two Dao Realm experts joined forces?
At this moment, in the starry sky, the Dao Ancestor suddenly slapped down with his palm.
A palm print swept down from the starry sky!
Boom!
The entire starry sky trembled as if there was a huge earthquake!
In front of Ye Xuan, the white-haired old man suddenly took a step forward and punched out.
Boom!
A fist print that could destroy heaven and earth headed straight for Ye Xuan. Wherever the fist print passed, the starry sky was destroyed!
...








Chapter 1406
In the starry sky, Ye Xuan was like a floating page in the ocean in front of these two forces. He seemed so frail!
At this moment, Ye Xuan's expression was surprisingly calm.
Could he beat them?
He definitely couldn't!
Ye Xuan could at most fight one Dao Attainment Realm expert. He definitely couldn't fight two Dao Attainment Realm experts working together. After all, he was only at the Dao Validation Realm!
Even with a Dao Body, he couldn't beat two Dao Attainment Realm experts!
But he couldn't retreat!
Ye Xuan wasn't a pedantic person. In the past, he would have chosen to flee if he couldn't beat them.
But at this moment, he had no way out!
Because the Five-Dimensional Universe was behind him!
His family and friends were behind him!
Nian Nian was behind him!
If he retreated, everyone would die!
Since he couldn't retreat, he could only fight!
He had to fight even if he couldn't beat them!
At this point, the blood in Ye Xuan's body suddenly trembled. Gradually, powerful bloodline power surged out of his body.
Killing intent and bloodline power!
The Executing Heaven Sword in Ye Xuan's hand became a sword spirit. Ye Xuan suddenly took a step forward and slashed with his sword!
Dao Sword!
A Dao Sword that was enhanced by killing intent and bloodline power!
The power of this sword shook the starry sky!
Bang!
As soon as Ye Xuan slashed with his sword, a blood-colored sword light suddenly exploded in front of him. In an instant, Ye Xuan retreated thousands of meters.
Although he was strong, he couldn't resist the power of two Dao Attainment Realm experts!
In the sky, the Dao Ancestor was about to attack again when Jia Lou slammed into him!
A trace of viciousness flashed in the Dao Ancestor's eyes as he punched.
Bang!
Jialou was sent flying by the punch, and many parts of her body had already begun to slowly crack!
After sending Jia Lou flying, the Dao Ancestor looked down at Ye Xuan. At this moment, Ye Xuan slowly stood up. Although he hadn't fought with his life on the line, his powerful body had held on!
Although he was injured, it wasn't fatal!
The Dao Ancestor looked down at Ye Xuan, his eyes cold. "Overconfident ant!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he suddenly slapped his palm forward, and the space in front of Ye Xuan directly shattered layer by layer!
Ye Xuan suddenly leaped up and slashed forward with his sword in both hands.
Boom!
With a slash, the space in front of Ye Xuan was slashed into nothingness. At this time, the Dao Ancestor suddenly appeared in front of Ye Xuan. He pointed a finger at Ye Xuan. This finger directly touched the tip of Ye Xuan's sword.
Boom!
Ye Xuan flew out instantly, but the Dao Ancestor's entire arm also cracked at this moment!
The Dao Ancestor frowned slightly when he saw that. He looked at the sword in Ye Xuan's hand in the distance with a grim look in his eyes.
This sword was actually able to injure him!
As soon as Ye Xuan stopped, the white-haired old man suddenly appeared behind him, and the white-haired old man directly punched at Ye Xuan's head. If this punch hit, even if Ye Xuan had a Dao Body, he would probably be seriously injured.
Both the white-haired old man and the Dao Ancestor didn't hold back at all!
Their goal was to kill Ye Xuan!
Ye Xuan's reaction was extremely fast. At the instant the old man punched, he suddenly turned around and blocked with his sword.
Boom!
Ye Xuan's entire body directly retreated thousands of meters away!
And before he could stop, the Dao Ancestor appeared in front of him again!
Ye Xuan's pupils suddenly constricted, and he slashed with his sword.
Boom!
A wave of blood-red sword light suddenly exploded, and Ye Xuan was sent flying again!
As soon as he was sent flying, the Ancestral Lord suddenly approached him and threw a punch at Ye Xuan's face. Although it was just a simple punch...
Although it was just a simple punch, this punch was even more powerful than some Divine Skills!
At the level of experts like the Dao Ancestor, every punch and finger contained their own Dao, which was not something that some Divine Skills and Martial Skills could compare to.
Seeing this punch coming, Ye Xuan didn't dodge, and let the Dao Ancestor's punch hit his body. However, at this moment, his sword also slashed on the Dao Ancestor's head.
Boom!
The sword light shattered, and Ye Xuan flew out again. This time, he flew thousands of meters away!
And the Dao Ancestor forcibly withstood Ye Xuan's sword!
This was because a golden light had appeared around him, and it was this golden light that had withstood Ye Xuan's sword just now!
The Dao Ancestor looked coldly at Ye Xuan in the distance. "Do you think you're the only one who has a life-saving method?
You …. "
Right at this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly leaped up, and then he suddenly slashed his sword down towards the Dao Ancestor!
The moment he struck with his sword, the white-haired old man not far away suddenly disappeared. Immediately after, a fist mark appeared behind Ye Xuan. However, at this moment, a woman appeared behind Ye Xuan.
An Lanxiu!
An Lanxiu suddenly stabbed her spear forward.
Bang!
An Lanxiu was blasted 3km back, and as soon as she stopped moving, a wisp of blood seeped out from the corner of her mouth.
She hadn't cultivated a Dao Body, so she was utterly unable to endure the strength of an expert at the Dao Realm!
On the other hand, Ye Xuan's sword slashed towards the Dao Ancestor in the distance, but it was stopped by the Dao Ancestor as well!
Even though his Dao Sword was formidable, it was too difficult to kill a Dao Ancestor!
Meanwhile, An Lanxiu retreated to Ye Xuan's side, and she spoke in a low voice. "Are you alright?"
Even though Ye Xuan's bloodline had been activated, he hadn't gone completely berserk!
Even though his strength would increase explosively after going completely berserk, he wouldn't recognize anyone in that state!
So, he didn't dare allow himself to go completely berserk.
Ye Xuan wiped off the blood on the corner of his mouth. "I can still fight!"
An Lanxiu gazed at the white haired old man. "I'll stop him for you!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she was about to attack. However, Ye Xuan suddenly grabbed her hand.
An Lanxiu gazed at Ye Xuan, and Ye Xuan shook his head. "No!"
An Lanxiu didn't possess a Dao Body, so she was utterly unable to endure the white haired old man's strength.
Just that strike from before had already heavily injured An Lanxiu!
An Lanxiu was just about to speak when the Dao Ancestor suddenly vanished on the spot. After that, a formidable force swept towards Ye Xuan and An Lanxiu.
On the other side, the white haired old man had suddenly vanished on the spot as well.
Hiss!
The space behind Ye Xuan and An Lanxiu suddenly collapsed layer by layer.
An Lanxiu suddenly turned around. She didn't retreat but advanced instead, and she charged forward and stabbed her spear forward!
The spear was like a dragon that pierced through the heavens and the earth!
Meanwhile, a fist smashed directly onto An Lanxiu's spear ….
Bang!
The spear shook violently while An Lanxiu instantly retreated explosively. During the process of her retreat, her entire body suddenly became ethereal. In the next moment, she suddenly smashed her fist forward. As soon as her fist shot forward, countless afterimages suddenly appeared here, and all of these afterimages punched out at the same time!
The white haired old man who intended to follow up with another attack had suddenly stopped, and then he smashed his fist forward.
Bang!
The afterimages that covered the sky instantly vanished, and at this moment, a spear tore through the sky towards them.
The white haired old man frowned slightly as he punched once more, and the might of this punch was peerlessly domineering.
Bang!
The spear shattered into pieces, and An Lanxiu instantly retreated 3km away.
The white haired old man was just about to attack again when Jia Lou suddenly appeared in front of An Lanxiu. She glanced at An Lanxiu and said, "Let's attack together!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she charged directly towards the white-haired old man!
An Lanxiu stomped her right foot and transformed into a streak of white light that shot towards Bai.
The white-haired old man charged forward.
Meanwhile, Ye Xuan had already started fighting with that Dao Ancestor!
Ye Xuan was still suppressed, but without the help of the white-haired old man, the Dao Ancestor could only suppress Ye Xuan!
Because Ye Xuan's body was too strong!
Moreover, Ye Xuan had four domains. With the help of the four domains and the power of his bloodline, although he was suppressed, he could contend with the Dao Ancestor!
On the other side, the Lord had been paying attention to the battlefield in the starry sky.
Beside the Lord were Yan Yaoyao, Luo Hou and the others.
Luo Hou looked at Ye Xuan in the distance and said softly, "This person is truly a peerless genius!
To actually resist a Dao Ancestor for so long at the Dao Corroboration realm! "
Chi Yaoyao spoke abruptly, "His body is strong. If his body wasn't strong enough, he would have perished a long time ago!"
Luo Hou was quite curious, "What's his body?
Why is it so strong? "
As he spoke, he gazed at Yan Yaoyao.
Yan Yaoyao shook her head, "Don't look at me, I don't know either!"
She gazed at the Lord as she spoke, "The Lord is knowledgeable. Do you know what his body is?"
The Lord shook his head, "I've never seen such a strong body. It can even resist the strength of a Dao Attainment Realm expert!"
Meanwhile, Luo Hou spoke abruptly, "Those two women can't resist the Daoting Lord Mi."
Yan Yaoyao gazed at An Lanxiu and Jialou. Even though they were strong, they were still being suppressed by Lord Mi.
Ye Xuan wasn't suppressing them either!
If this continued, then Ye Xuan's side would lose sooner or later!
Meanwhile, Ah Ku spoke abruptly, "Have all of you noticed? Ye Xuan's aura is growing stronger and stronger!"
Everyone gazed at Ye Xuan. Even though Ye Xuan was being suppressed, his aura was growing stronger and stronger!
The Lord suddenly smiled, "Interesting. This fellow might be breaking through during the battle!"
Yan Yaoyao spoke softly, "Will the Dao Ancestor give him that chance?"
The Lord shook his head, "Once this fellow reaches the Dao Attainment Realm, it'll be impossible for the Dao Ancestor to kill him alone!
Even if he joins forces with Lord Mi, it'll be difficult to kill Ye Xuan! "
Chi Yaoyao spoke, "So they're going to use their trump card?"
The Lord nodded, "They should be!"
Ah Ku spoke abruptly, "Lord, if we help Ye Xuan now, wouldn't it be easy to destroy the Daoting Realm?"
The Lord smiled without a word.
Yan Yaoyao spoke softly, "If it's so easy to destroy the Daoting Realm, then you're underestimating the Daoting Realm!"
Ah Ku frowned, "Why? Do they have a stronger trump card?"
Yan Yaoyao looked at the Lord. The Lord smiled, "You'll be shocked!"
Ah Ku spoke in a low voice, "Then why aren't they using the Daoting Realm?"
Chi Yaoyao replied, "If I'm not wrong, they're saving it to deal with the people behind Ye Xuan Realm!"
Ah Ku glanced around and spoke softly, "Will the people behind Ye Xuan Realm appear?"
The Lord smiled, "Who knows?"
At this moment, Ye Xuan, who was not far away, suddenly forced the Tao Ancestor back with a sword strike.
Everyone looked at Ye Xuan in the distance. Ye Xuan stood there with his sword in hand, exuding a powerful aura!
He was about to break through!
Ye Xuan greedily took a deep breath, the blood in his body surging. Powerful auras gushed out of his body, causing the entire starry sky to boil!
Opposite Ye Xuan, the Dao Ancestor was expressionless, "Want to break through?
You're dreaming! "
As soon as he spoke, something appeared on the battlefield. The expressions of everyone in the Fifth Dimension changed drastically.
Chi Yaoyao and the others also changed drastically …
...
PS: Everyone, please support the original version!
One chapter costs nine cents. I'll update three chapters a day, so it's only ten cents!
Thank you for your support!
Thank you!
Those who subscribe to the original version are the ones who feed us!
Thank you for your support!








Chapter 1407
The reason Chi Yaoyao and the others were shocked was because two figures had appeared behind Ye Xuan.
These two figures were actually at the Dao Completion Realm!
Another two at the Dao Completion Realm!
Daoting didn't only have two at the Dao Completion Realm, but four!
When they saw this scene, many experts of the Fifth Dimension already felt despair!
If there were only two at the Dao Completion Realm, then the Fifth Dimension could still fight them. But now, there were four. How could they fight?
They couldn't fight at all!
The two Dao Completion Realm experts charged at Ye Xuan as soon as they appeared!
Obviously, they didn't want to give Ye Xuan any chance!
This was normal, because no one knew what would happen if Ye Xuan reached the Dao Resistance Realm!
The best way was to kill him before he broke through!
Nearby, when they saw the two Dao Attainment Realm experts and the Dao Ancestor charge towards Ye Xuan, the expressions of An Lanxiu and the other women instantly changed, and they charged directly towards Ye Xuan. However, it was utterly too late!
Because the speed of the Dao Ancestor and the two Dao Attainment experts was simply too fast!
The Lord and the others were also looking at Ye Xuan.
If the person behind Ye Xuan didn't appear, then Ye Xuan would basically be gone!
Right at this moment, the three Dao Ancestors who were charging at Ye Xuan seemed to have noticed something. Their expressions changed drastically, and they retreated like madmen!
Om!
An ear piercing sword howl suddenly resounded!
The Lord's eyes narrowed. "This …"
Not far away, over a dozen strands of sword qi were circling around Ye Xuan.
This wasn't Ye Xuan's sword qi!
It was the sword qi that Ye Xuan had brought out of the Dark Realm. Who was the owner of this sword qi?
It was Situ Tingyun!
Besides the green-clothed man, she was the strongest in the Sword Dao in the Sword Sect!
Even though these strands of sword qi were ownerless, they were still very powerful!
In the distance, the three Dao Ancestors had extremely solemn expressions!
It was especially so for the Dao Ancestor. His expression was unprecedentedly solemn.
He had seen such a powerful Sword Qi once before, from Mu Niannian.
And now, he saw it again!
And this Sword Qi was clearly not Mu Niannian's Sword Qi!
In other words, behind Ye Xuan, there was a powerful Swordsman who was no weaker than Mu Niannian!
On the other side, Qing Yaoyao suddenly said, "The sword qi in the dark world vortex!"
Rahu nodded. "I didn't expect him to be able to use this Sword Qi … This guy is too mysterious!"
The Lord looked at the Sword Qi and fell into deep thought.
Not far away, Ye Xuan closed his eyes. At this moment, he felt that he had reached a critical point.
The breakthrough was imminent!
At that moment, the nearby Dao Ancestor suddenly said, "This Sword Qi has no owner!"
Ownerless Sword Qi!
In other words, if the Sword Qi was destroyed, there would be nothing left!
The Dao Ancestor was about to make a move when Ye Xuan suddenly opened his eyes. "How do you know it has no owner?"
The Dao Ancestor stared at Ye Xuan. "If it has a owner, why don't you let the Sword Qi's owner come out?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Dao Ancestor, aren't you thinking too highly of yourself?
Are you worthy of letting the Sword Qi's owner come out? "
The Dao Ancestor was expressionless. "Ye Xuan, at this point, is there any use in using words?
If you have someone, then call them out! "
Ye Xuan laughed. "Dao Ancestor, are you afraid?"
The Dao Ancestor looked at Ye Xuan and was about to speak. At that moment, a Dao Attainment expert suddenly said, "He's stalling for time!"
Stalling for time!
The Dao Ancestor narrowed his eyes. At this moment, Ye Xuan's aura was unprecedentedly powerful!
He was about to break through!
The Dao Ancestor suddenly said, "Destroy the Sword Qi first!"
With that, he charged at Ye Xuan!
The other two Dao Fulfilment experts also rushed over!
Meanwhile, the Sword Qi around Ye Xuan slashed out! Hiss!
Hiss! Hiss! Hiss!
Over a dozen Sword Qi tore through the starry sky. It was extremely terrifying!
It had to be said that the Dao Ancestor and the other two Dao Attainment experts were suppressed by the Sword Qi!
Even the Dao Ancestor and the other two Dao Attainment experts didn't dare to go head-on against the Sword Qi!
On the other side, the Lord said softly, "A single Sword Qi that hasn't been destroyed for tens of thousands of years, and it's so powerful …. It's ridiculously powerful!"
Luo Hou and the others didn't look too good!
They were supposed to be the strongest experts in this world. But after seeing the Sword Qi, they suddenly realized that they were really weak!
Not only was the Sword Qi indestructible for tens of thousands of years, but it was also so powerful!
Peak?
What they thought was the pinnacle was just a joke to some people!
It was like that to Mu Niannian, and it was the same to the Sword Qi's owner!
In the distance, after the Dao Ancestor and the other two Dao Attainment experts were stalled by the Sword Qi, Ye Xuan began to break through to the Dao Attainment Realm!
He had to reach the Dao Attainment Realm. Once he did, his overall strength would undergo a qualitative transformation!
At this moment, the Dao Ancestor and the other two Dao Attainment experts were burning with anxiety!
If Ye Xuan reached the Dao Attainment Realm, Ye Xuan wouldn't be able to fight against the three of them alone. However, once he reached the Dao Attainment Realm, he would become an unknown variable.
Who knew what would happen after he reached the Dao Attainment Realm?
Not far away, the Dao Ancestor and the other two Dao Attainment experts began to use their full strength. Although the Sword Qi suppressed the three Dao Ancestors, it was becoming more and more illusory.
After all, it was ownerless Sword Qi that could be consumed and destroyed.
On the other side, the battle between the experts of the Fifth Dimension and the experts of the Dao Court was in full swing. The experts of the Fifth Dimension were at a slight disadvantage, but because of the twelve Naga Dragon souls, the experts of the Fifth Dimension were only at a slight disadvantage.
This was because the twelve Naga Dragon souls were really too powerful!
In order to deal with the twelve Naga Dragon souls, the Daoting had mobilized a total of twenty-six Divine Sovereigns. Moreover, these twenty-six Divine Sovereigns were being suppressed by the twelve Naga Dragon souls!
In addition, Li Zuo and the other two Dao Ancestors were also extremely powerful. The three of them were forcefully holding back eleven Divine Sovereigns!
It could be said that it would be difficult to determine the victor between the two sides in a short period of time.
However, the situation was becoming more and more disadvantageous for Ye Xuan's side. This was because two of Ye Xuan's dozen Sword Qis had already disappeared!
Although the Sword Qis were powerful, they were ownerless. If they were consumed too much, they would completely disappear.
Now, the Dao Ancestors and the other two Dao Ancestors were madly consuming these Sword Qis!
On the other side, Luo Hou said softly, "He's about to break through!"
Just as he finished speaking —
Boom!
In the distance, a powerful aura suddenly erupted from Ye Xuan's body. Wherever this aura passed, the surrounding starry sky trembled.
Dao Attainment Realm!
Seeing that Ye Xuan was breaking through, Luo Hou shook his head, "This guy breaks through like eating. It's really infuriating to compare oneself with others!"
The Lord smiled, "He risked his life!"
Chi Yaoyao suddenly said, "Does the Daoting still have a trump card?"
The Lord looked at Chi Yaoyao and smiled, "You want to help!"
Chi Yaoyao said softly, "Why not?"
The Lord smiled, "If we help Ye Xuan, even if the Daoting has a trump card, we can still destroy the Daoting!
Of course, we will just have to pay a price! "
Chi Yaoyao looked at the Lord, "Does the Lord not choose to help because you have other concerns?"
The Lord looked at the faraway Ye Xuan and said softly, "He is a whirlpool. If we get too involved, it will be difficult for us to escape in the future."
Chi Yaoyao was silent.
She knew that the Lord was talking about the reason for Ye Xuan's misfortune.
The Lord was worried about this!
At this moment, the Lord suddenly smiled, "Let's wait and see!"
In the distance, after Ye Xuan broke through, he waved his right hand and the ten sword energies suddenly flew back in front of him!
Seeing this, the Dao Ancestor and the others' expressions became even uglier.
It wasn't because of Ye Xuan's breakthrough, but because Ye Xuan could control the ten sword energies!
After all, these ten sword energies weren't Ye Xuan's own sword energies!
Ye Xuan greedily took a deep breath!
Dao Defense Realm!
After reaching the Dao Defense Realm, he felt that everything was different!
His divine soul, divine sense, strength, and his own body, everything had undergone earth-shattering changes!
As if thinking of something, Ye Xuan suddenly looked at the Dao Ancestor. The next moment, he appeared in front of the Dao Ancestor and slashed down with his sword!
Dao Sword!
And four more domains!
The Dao Ancestor narrowed his eyes, took a step forward, and pointed out with a finger.
Head-On!
At this moment, Ye Xuan's sword fell.
Boom!
Under the gazes of everyone!
The Dao Ancestor was instantly pushed over 1km back, and his right index finger had been severed by Ye Xuan's attack. Besides that, his right arm had split open and blood sprayed from it!
The expressions of everyone here became solemn when they witnessed this scene!
The Lord frowned slightly as well. Isn't Ye Xuan's strength a little too exaggerated after he attained the Dao Defense Realm?
He'd injured a Dao Ancestor with a single strike of his sword!
Meanwhile, Yan Yaoyao suddenly said, "It's his body!"
The Lord gazed at Ye Xuan and spoke softly, "What formidable physical strength!
What cultivation technique does he cultivate? His body is actually so strong! "
Ye Xuan's combat strength had risen by so much mainly because of his physical body!
Dao Defense!
Now, Ye Xuan hadn't just attained the Dao Defense Realm in terms of physical body, his cultivation had as well!
It wasn't as simple as one plus one!
The Dao Ancestor stared fixedly at Ye Xuan from afar, and he was extremely shocked!
How could Ye Xuan's combat strength be so great after attaining the Dao Defense Realm?
The Dao Ancestor restrained his thoughts and glanced at the two others, "Let's attack together!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he charged forward!
The other two experts at the Dao Formation Realm attacked as well!
Three experts at the Dao Formation Realm attacked together!
Ye Xuan took a step forward and slashed with his sword.
Bang!
His attack blasted the Dao Ancestor back, but it only took a moment for two fists to smash against Ye Xuan's chest and head!
Bang!
Ye Xuan's figure was instantly blasted flying, and he flew for over 3km!
After he stopped moving, Ye Xuan felt dizzy. Meanwhile, the two Dao Formation Realm experts appeared in front of him again. Ye Xuan's expression changed slightly, and he swung his sword horizontally.
Bang!
An expanse of sword light exploded apart, and then Ye Xuan was blasted flying again. Meanwhile, the Dao Ancestor suddenly appeared in front of Ye Xuan, and he suddenly swung his fist at Ye Xuan!
Bang!
The starry sky trembled as his fist smashed forward.
Meanwhile, Ye Xuan suddenly opened his palm, and then Situ Tingyun's 10 strands of sword energy suddenly slashed forward!
The Dao Ancestor's expression changed drastically when he witnessed this scene, and he immediately retreated explosively!
The other two Dao Formation Realm experts hurriedly retreated as well!
Situ Tingyun's sword energy was capable of killing them!
Ye Xuan wiped off the blood on the corners of his mouth with a solemn expression on his face.
Even though he'd attained the Dao Defense Realm, he was still unable to fight three enemies by himself!
Should I activate the energy of my bloodline?
Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes!
The energy of his bloodline had gone completely berserk, and it was his final trump card!
The Dao Ancestor stared fixedly at Ye Xuan from afar, and he was even more shocked by Ye Xuan's physical body!
Ye Xuan had just suffered the full forced attacks of two Dao Formation Realm experts, yet he was still alive and well!
What sort of physical body is this?
Meanwhile, one of the Dao Formation Realm experts by the Dao Ancestor's side spoke abruptly, "We can't delay any longer!
If we continue to delay, then both our forces and the Fifth Dimension will suffer heavy losses!
Moreover, I'm afraid an unexpected event might occur! "
The Dao Ancestor turned around to look. At this moment, the experts of the Fifth Dimension were locked in battle with the experts of the Daoting Realm!
If this continued, then both sides would suffer heavy losses!
After all, the Daoting Realm had another enemy, and it was the Dao Tomb!
As for the three of them, although they could defeat Ye Xuan, Ye Xuan had the Sword Qi and Ye Xuan's powerful physical body, so they wouldn't be able to kill Ye Xuan in a short period of time!
Thinking to this point, the Dao Ancestor looked at Ye Xuan. "Ye Xuan, I originally prepared a big gift for the woman behind you, but since she won't appear, then I'll give it to you!"
As he spoke, he opened his palm, and the next moment, a golden light soared into the sky from the thirty-fourth layer of the Daoting Realm. In the blink of an eye, this golden light appeared in the starry sky of the Fifth Dimension.
In an instant, the entire starry sky trembled.
Inside that golden light was a God's Seal!
Inside that God's Seal, an illusory figure gradually condensed. As this illusory figure condensed, a formless pressure enveloped the entire Fifth Dimension!
Under this pressure, everyone felt like they were suffocating!
Even Ye Xuan felt a tightness in his chest at this moment, as if there were several mountains pressing down on him.
On the other side, the Lord's expression also became incomparably solemn. "The head of the Three Thousand Great Daos …"
.....








Chapter 1408
Three Thousand Great Daos!
The Three Thousand Great Daos represented three thousand different Great Daos. Of course, there were far more than three thousand Great Daos in the world.
And among these Great Daos, there were strong and weak ones!
The first was the Great Dao of Destiny!
The foremost of the Three Thousand Great Daos!
The Dao Ancestor didn't control the Great Dao of Destiny. However, someone in the Daoting had once controlled the Great Dao, and that person was the founder of the Daoting!
Daoting's strongest trump card was not the two hidden Dao Realm powerhouses, but the God's Seal!
That was because the Daoting Ancestral Souls were inside!
This was Daoting's last resort!
Originally, he was saving it for the mysterious woman in a plain dress behind Ye Xuan.
However, the woman in a plain dress didn't show herself. For the sake of swiftly killing Ye Xuan, he could only utilize this trump card first!
In the distance, Ye Xuan stared at the silhouette within the God's Seal. Although his countenance was calm, his heart was thundering with rage. Dammit, he's summoning the ancestor again?
At this moment, everyone stopped what they were doing!
There was no need to fight!
If Ye Xuan's side didn't have a heavyweight expert, then it would be over!
It didn't take long for a woman to appear within the seal!
The woman was dressed in a long black robe. Her features were picturesque, and she held a black folding fan in her hand.
After the woman appeared, she looked around and looked at the Dao Ancestor. However, as if she had discovered something, she suddenly turned to look at Ye Xuan below.
Seeing this scene, the Dao Ancestor's expression suddenly changed. My ancestor knows this Ye Xuan?
Ye Xuan was slightly stunned. This Daoting Ancestor knew him?
In the air, the woman looked at Ye Xuan. "Dao Form!"
Dao Body!
Upon hearing this, Ye Xuan's expression instantly changed!
Damn it, this woman doesn't recognize me, but she recognizes my Taoist form!
The woman suddenly smiled and said, "Interesting, I didn't expect someone to have cultivated a Dao Body!
How interesting! "
On the other side, the Dao Ancestor bowed slightly to the woman. "Ancestor, what is this Dao Body?"
The woman glanced at the Dao Ancestor. "Did you summon me?"
The Dao Ancestor quickly nodded.
The woman turned to look at Ye Xuan. She gently tapped the folding fan in her right hand on the palm of her left hand and said with a smile, "You are also a protector!"
Ye Xuan said nothing.
The Dao Ancestor's expression changed drastically. Just as he was about to speak, the woman suddenly said, "To be able to cultivate a Dao Body and possess a Disaster Cause … Young man, you are not simple at all!"
Ye Xuan hurriedly said, "To tell you the truth, I am the young sect master of Whirling Sect!"
The woman blinked. "Whirling Sect?
Are you sure? "
Ye Xuan said seriously, "Of course!"
The woman smiled and said, "It just so happens that I am acquainted with the Whirling Sect's Sect Leader. Let me ask him!"
As she spoke, she turned her head and kissed him.
Below, Ye Xuan: "…"
After a while, the woman turned her head and looked at Ye Xuan. "The Whirling Sect's Sect Master said that there's no such person as you!"
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment and said, "Why don't we change the topic?"
The woman was stunned, and then she cracked a smile. It was like a hundred flowers blooming, causing the starry sky to pale in comparison.
At the side, the Dao Ancestor said in a low voice, "Ancestor, this person is a great enemy of my Daoting. I …"
The woman looked at the Dao Ancestor. "Don't speak for now!"
The Dao Ancestor: "…"
The woman turned to look at Ye Xuan and said with a smile, "Not only did you cultivate a Dao Body, you were also able to live until now despite having a Disaster Cause … The most important thing is the power of your bloodline. Your bloodline is the strongest power I have ever seen!
！”
Ye Xuan hurriedly took out the Sword Spirit and the sword at the top of the pagoda. "Senior, why don't you take a look at this!"
The woman glanced at the two swords and said with a smile, "Are you threatening me?"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "Senior, not only do you Daoting want to destroy me, but you also want to destroy my Five-Dimensional Universe. Now, you have even invited you out … Tell me, who is threatening who?"
The woman turned to look at the Dao Ancestor. "You want to destroy this universe?"
The Dao Ancestor's expression was somewhat ugly.
The woman asked with a smile, "As the guardian of the Great Dao, shouldn't you be maintaining the balance and peace of the universe?"
The Dao Ancestor's expression became even uglier.
The woman looked at the Dao Ancestor and the others below and said with a smile, "It seems that you have turned the Three Thousand Great Dao into your personal tools!"
Hearing this, the expressions of all the Daoting powerhouses below became extremely ugly!
What a heart-wrenching remark!
The woman looked at Dao Ting and the others. "The Great Dao once chose all of you. It's obvious that all of you are outstanding in some way. However, from the looks of it now, all of you are still going with the flow and have forgotten your original intentions!"
The Dao Ancestor suddenly said, "Ancestor, this Ye Xuan is a great enemy of the Daoting. This person once swore to destroy the Daoting, I …"
The woman looked at the Dao Ancestor and said with a smile, "Can you tell me why he did this?"
The Dao Ancestor was speechless.
The woman said again, "Everything has a reason. Why did he want to destroy the Daoting? Can you tell me?"
The Dao Ancestor was speechless.
At this time, Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Why don't I tell you!"
The woman looked at Ye Xuan and said with a smile, "That's fine too!"
Ye Xuan nodded. He told the whole story of the grudge between him and the Daoting without adding any details.
The atmosphere in the surroundings had become slightly strange!
This woman was originally called out by the Daoting to deal with Ye Xuan. But now, this woman was listening to Ye Xuan talk about the Daoting …
Whose ancestor was this?
The Dao Ancestor's face was gloomy. No one knew what he was thinking.
On the other side, Rahu looked at the Great Lord. "Great Lord, this …"
The Great Lord said softly, "The Dao Ancestor has miscalculated!
Back then, the Great Dao Guardians of that generation were all impartial … Those people were righteous and paid attention to fairness in everything. Because of this, there were all kinds of orders in that era … "
As he said that, he looked at the Dao Ancestor. "He thought that the Daoting ancestor would help him, but that's not the case. The Daoting ancestor paid more attention to right and wrong.
And this matter is obviously the Daoting is not in the right.
So, there's going to be a good show! "
At this time, Ye Xuan stopped in the distance.
The woman turned to look at the Dao Ancestor. "Did this little friend Ye slander the Daoting?"
The Dao Ancestor did not say anything.
The woman suddenly waved her right hand.
Smack!
Under everyone's shocked gazes, the Dao Ancestor was sent flying with a slap!
He flew more than 10,000 feet, and when he came to a stop, his fleshly body became illusory!
He shattered his body with a slap!
Seeing this scene, everyone's expression changed!
Ye Xuan's expression also changed. Damn, how could this woman be so strong?
If he were to be slapped, wouldn't his Daoist Physique be destroyed?
The woman turned to look at Ye Xuan and said with a smile, "This matter is the Daoting's fault. On behalf of the Daoting, I apologize to you and the entire Fifth Dimension!"
Everyone: "…"
Ye Xuan was also dumbfounded.
The enemy's biggest boss apologized to him?
What was going on?
Ye Xuan hesitated for a while and then said.
"Why?
Shouldn't you be helping the Daoting? "
The woman shook her head. "Logically, I should be helping the Daoting!
But, the Daoting is not in the right! "
Ye Xuan looked at the woman. "You're being reasonable?"
The woman said with a smile, "Why not?
The Three Thousand Great Daos are a kind of order. As the guardian of the order, if you are unreasonable, who will obey the order? "
Ye Xuan shook his head. "In today's world, only fists matter, not reason!"
The woman looked at Ye Xuan. "Then, are you interested in rebuilding the order?"
Ye Xuan looked at the woman. "Do you want me to be the Daoting Master?"
The woman said with a smile, "Can't I?"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "Senior, my mind is in a mess right now!"
The boss of the Daoting Master actually wanted him to be the Daoting Master!
What was going on?
The woman said with a smile, "Do you have five Daoist scriptures on you?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
The woman said again, "There should be two Daoting Masters. With these two, you have seven!"
At this moment, the Lord suddenly said with a smile, "My Dao Tomb also has one. With this one, Young Master Ye has eight!"
The woman looked at the Lord. The Lord bowed slightly. "Greetings, Ancestor!"
The woman said with a smile, "You used to be a Daoting Master?"
The Lord nodded. "Yes!
However, I rebelled later on!
Because Daoting is not the Daoting I once thought of.
Of course, this has nothing to do with Ancestor. I admire what Ancestor did just now. "
The woman smiled and looked at Ye Xuan. "As long as you nod, you can have eight Daoist scriptures. So, what do you think?"
Ye Xuan looked at the woman. "Why did you choose me?"
The woman blinked and said playfully, "Do you want to hear the truth or a lie?"
Ye Xuan thought for a while and said, "Lie first!"
The woman said with a smile, "You are a rare genius. With you, we can revitalize Daoting and rebuild order …"
Ye Xuan smiled. "What about the truth?"
The woman looked at Ye Xuan. "You have many backers!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The woman said again, "It is not particularly difficult to revitalize Daoting. However, it is very difficult to gather all the Daoist scriptures and summon the Great Dao Spirit. To restore the 3,000 Great Dao and rebuild order, we must gather all the Daoist scriptures and summon the Great Dao Spirit.
However, ordinary people cannot do this. "
Ye Xuan was puzzled. "Why is it so difficult?"
The woman said with a smile, "There are three difficulties. First, the last Daoist scripture is in Whirling World. That place is not something you can provoke now.
Second, many people will not let you gather all the Daoist scriptures. For example, Whirling World, Dark Abyss and Ancient God Abyss … If these forces know that you have eight Daoist scriptures, they will be jealous. Once they are jealous, you will be in danger!
Third, even if you gather all eight Daoist scriptures, the Great Dao Spirit may not recognize you. It might even kill you! "
Ye Xuan was puzzled. "Why would it kill me?"
The woman shook her head. "You will know this in the future!
I can only tell you that it is very difficult to gather all the Daoist scriptures and get the Great Dao Spirit's recognition! "
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Senior, do you think I can get the Great Dao Spirit's recognition?"
The woman blinked. "I don't know if she will recognize you. However, I know that she will not dare to kill you!"
Ye Xuan frowned. "Why?"
The woman said, "Because you have many backers!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
....
PS: Don't say that I am threatening you. If you don't give me the ticket, I will castrate myself!








Chapter 1409
Many backers!
Ye Xuan was speechless. What was she talking about?
In the starry sky, the woman smiled and said, "What if I don't agree?"
Ye Xuan looked at the woman and said, "What if I don't agree?"
The woman blinked her eyes and said, "You will agree!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Why?"
The woman said, "Because you have no reason to refuse!"
Ye Xuan shook his head and said, "I only want to protect the Five-Dimensional Universe!"
The woman smiled and said, "If you want to protect the universe behind you, then become the Daoting Master and you will be able to protect it better!"
Ye Xuan pointed at the Daoting experts in the distance and said, "They will not accept me!"
The woman pointed at herself and said, "I approve of you!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Then can you make them approve of me?"
The woman asked, "If I approve of you, will they dare to not approve of you?"
Ye Xuan was silent.
The woman said again, "Young man, I don't have much time left!"
Ye Xuan looked at the woman and she continued, "While I am still here, I can help you. Therefore, you must make a decision!"
Ye Xuan was silent.
The woman smiled and said, "I still have about a quarter of an hour. Want to walk with me?"
Ye Xuan thought about it and said, "Okay!"
The woman and Ye Xuan walked towards the starry sky in the distance.
In the field, the Daoting experts looked at each other in dismay.
The Dao Ancestor who only had his soul left had a gloomy expression and no one knew what he was thinking.
In the distant starry sky, the woman pointed and said, "In the distant starry sky, there is a mysterious force called the Ancient God Abyss. The weakest in this force is the Dao Attainment Realm and there are experts above the Dao Attainment Realm!"
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Are they outside the Dao Scripture?"
The woman shook her head and said, "They are within the Dao Scripture!"
Ye Xuan frowned and said, "Experts above the Dao Attainment Realm are also within the Dao Scripture?"
The woman nodded and said, "Yes."
Ye Xuan was silent.
He had underestimated this Dao scripture!
The woman continued: "This power has been fighting against a mysterious power all year round. This mysterious power is called Dark Abyss. This place is very terrifying because a monstrous genius once appeared in this place. This person is called Second Brother Dao. Back then, he created a Dark Scripture based on the Dao Scripture!"
Ye Xuan frowned. "Secret scripture?"
The woman nodded, "It was created according to the Dao Scripture … The people of the Dark World all cultivate the Dark Scripture. As far as I know, they have two goals. First, they want to destroy the Dao Scripture Martial Arts Civilization and make the Dark Scripture Martial Arts Civilization the only one. Second, they want to destroy the Great Dao Spirit."
As she spoke, she looked at Shen Xiang. "Do you know why the Dao Scripture is divided into nine parts?"
Ye Xuan shook his head.
The woman replied: "Because the Dao Scripture was destroyed by the people of the Dark Abyss!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The woman suddenly asked, "Are you willing to give up on the Dao scriptures?"
Ye Xuan was silent.
The woman smiled and said, "Looks like you are not willing to give up!
Actually, if I were you, I wouldn't give up either.
Why?
Because even if you give up, they might not let you go!
In this world, being weak is a mistake and a sin! "
Ye Xuan gave a thumbs up. "Senior's words are brilliant!"
The woman laughed and gently fanned Ye Xuan's head. "Don't play tricks!
I told you so much because I want to tell you that you will always be the Dao Scripture. One day, you will face the Dark Abyss!
If you become the Lord of the Daoting, the forces you control will become even stronger. After all, the Daoting's overall forces are still very strong, right? "
It's very strong, right? "
Ye Xuan was silent.
The woman continued: "Moreover, if you become the Lord of the Daoting, you will immediately have two Dao Scriptures!
Apart from that, I can give you a surprise! "
Ye Xuan was curious. "Surprise?"
The woman smiled and said, "It is in the 34th Heaven of the Daoting!"
Ye Xuan looked at the woman. "Senior, you really want me to become the Lord of the Daoting. Why is that?"
The woman smiled and did not say anything.
Ye Xuan said, "Senior, can you tell me the truth?"
The woman nodded and looked at Ye Xuan. "There is a bad karma between you and the Daoting. I want to turn this bad karma into good karma. Of course, I feel that you are also the hope to save the Daoting. After all, the Daoting now is not the Daoting of the past. However, I feel that even if you cannot restore order to this world, you should be able to make the Daoting better!"
Ye Xuan looked at the woman and did not say anything.
The woman smiled and said, "Otherwise, what do you think I am scheming?"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "I don't know!"
The woman continued to walk forward. "My generation has sacrificed too much for the order of this world. I don't want to see the Daoting continue to decline, and I don't want to see the Daoting perish."
Ye Xuan asked, "Senior, have you fallen?"
The woman smiled and did not say anything.
Ye Xuan asked again, "No?"
The woman smiled and said, "You care a lot about me?"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The woman stopped and looked at Ye Xuan. "How is it? Have you thought it through?"
Ye Xuan was silent.
At this moment, the woman suddenly said, "Nian Nian!"
Ye Xuan looked at the woman. The woman smiled and said, "That Fifth Dimension Tendo is still alive, right?"
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "What do you mean, Senior?"
The woman looked at Ye Xuan. "Do you really think that her death was because of my Daoting?"
Ye Xuan clenched his fists. "What do you mean, Senior?"
The woman smiled and said, "She did not die because of Daoting. She died because of you!"
Ye Xuan stared at the woman. "Why do you say that?"
The woman pointed at Ye Xuan. "The Cause of Calamity!
She has helped you too much!
Not only did she help you too much, but she also forcefully interfered with your Cause of Calamity, helping you block some of the Calamity Karma that originally belonged to you … In short, you just need to understand one thing. The Cause of Calamity on you is not as simple as you think. You want to protect the entire Fifth Dimension, so your Cause of Calamity is very likely to implicate the entire Fifth Dimension! "
Ye Xuan said, "Then, Senior, aren't you afraid that I will implicate Daoting?"
The woman smiled and said, "There are no absolutes in everything!
You can cause the Fifth Dimension and Daoting to perish together, but you can also cause the Fifth Dimension and Daoting to become even more powerful! "
Ye Xuan was silent.
The woman opened her palm, and a God's Seal appeared in her hand. She handed the God's Seal to Ye Xuan. "This is the first of the 3,000 Grand Daos, the Grand Dao of Destiny!
It will fuse with you, allowing you to slowly comprehend the Dao of Destiny. You will also be able to use it to achieve Dao in a short period of time! "
Dao Realm!
Ye Xuan was silent.
The woman continued, "If you want to protect the Fifth Dimension and protect your Sister Nian, you will need to obtain even more power!"
Ye Xuan softly said, "It seems that I am being unreasonable!"
As he spoke, he received the God's Seal.
The woman smiled and said, "It is not unreasonable, but you are very cautious. If I am not wrong, you should be afraid that I will plot against you!
I can also tell you that I am indeed plotting against you! "
Ye Xuan looked at the woman and said, "Senior, will we meet in the future?"
The woman smiled and said, "It is up to you!"
At this moment, Ye Xuan knew that the woman in front of him was not dead!
The woman continued, "Let me tell you a piece of bad news. The Whirling World should already know that you have the Five Dao Scriptures!"
Ye Xuan was struck dumb. Then he asked, "Why?"
The woman looked at Ye Xuan and smiled and said, "Because I have communicated with the Whirling World before. With the strength of the Whirling World, they should be able to sense the aura of the Five Dao Scriptures!
After all, you were so close to me at that time! "
Ye Xuan: "…"
The woman smiled and said, "This is the price you have to pay for deceiving me. Lying has a price!"
Ye Xuan's face was full of black lines.
The woman glanced at her body. At this moment, her body was quickly becoming illusory.
The woman smiled and said, "It is going to disappear!
Do you have any questions?
If there is, I will answer them if I can! "
Ye Xuan asked in a deep voice, "Where is Senior now?"
The woman shook her head, "I can't answer!"
Ye Xuan frowned slightly, "Why?"
The woman smiled and said, "There is no why, I just can't answer!
You can ask the next question.
Of course, you can also choose not to ask! "
Ye Xuan thought for a moment and said, "How should I address you, Senior?"
The woman looked at Ye Xuan and smiled meaningfully, "What do you want to do?"
Ye Xuan hurriedly said, "I don't mean anything else. I just want to ask!
You can't answer this? "
The woman laughed and said, "There is no harm in telling you!
My name is Zhao Zhiqing. Most people call me Qing Zhu. In fact, very few people know my real name! "
Zhao Zhiqing!
Ye Xuan nodded slightly, "I will remember it!"
The woman looked at Ye Xuan and smiled, "I have two bad news. Do you want to hear it?"
Bad news!
Ye Xuan frowned slightly, "What bad news?"
The woman said, "The first bad news is that the Taoist Ancestor ran away!"
Ye Xuan frowned slightly. The woman said softly, "The second bad news is that someone helped him escape. And this person should be someone from the Dark World!
Of course, there is even worse news. The two Taoist scriptures were taken away by the Taoist Ancestor! "
Ye Xuan immediately jumped up, "Senior, why didn't you stop them!"
The woman was a little helpless, "I talked too much with you!"
Ye Xuan, "…"
The woman smiled and said, "Don't be angry!
What is yours is still yours. What is not yours, you can't take it away! "
After saying that, her lower body disappeared.
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Senior, can I call the ancestor in the future?
Can I summon you to help me? "
The woman blinked her eyes, "I'm afraid not!"
Ye Xuan was a little puzzled, "Why?"
The woman smiled and said, "Do you want to hear the truth or a lie?"
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "What is the lie?"
The woman said seriously, "The lie is that this is the last clone I left here. But now, this clone will disappear completely. So, you know!"
Ye Xuan was a little curious, "What is the truth?"
The woman looked at Ye Xuan and grinned, "The truth is that I don't want to have too much contact with you. I am afraid of bad luck. So, I refuse your summoning!
Bye bye! "
After saying that, she disappeared.
In the air, Ye Xuan was petrified …
.....








Chapter 1410
In the starry sky, Ye Xuan stood quietly, deep in thought.
It was very dramatic!
He did not expect that he would become the Lord of Daoting.
At this time, the Lord and the others suddenly appeared beside Ye Xuan. The Lord smiled. "Do you feel like it's a dream?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "A little!"
The Lord laughed. "I also feel like it's a dream!"
Just a moment ago, Ye Xuan and Daoting were mortal enemies. Now, Ye Xuan had become the Lord of Daoting.
This Dao Ancestor's Summoning directly killed himself and gave Daoting to Ye Xuan!
This operation was really rare!
Ye Xuan suddenly said. "Senior, is there a big difference between the Daoting of the past and the Daoting of the present?"
The Lord smiled. "There is no comparison at all. The Great Dao was once complete and there was order in the world. Good will be rewarded and evil will be punished … The reason why it could be like this was because the Great Dao Guardians of Daoting were impartial and impartial.
At that time, no one dared to practice favoritism because if they did, not only would they be deprived of their Deity Position, but they would also fall into the evil path of reincarnation.
In that era, the price of doing evil was very high. Therefore, the Great Dao Guardians basically did not dare to do evil. "
Ye Xuan frowned. "Then why did Daoting become like this?"
The Lord said. "Because Qing Zhu and the others disappeared!"
Ye Xuan was puzzled. "Disappeared?
Left? "
The Lord said softly. "They should have left!
Anyway, after that group of people left, the people behind them began to take over Daoting. Unknowingly, Daoting began to slowly deteriorate.
Originally, the Dao Master position of Daoting was for the virtuous, but later on, this position became the private property of some people. They only passed it on to their own sons and it was passed down from generation to generation, including the Dao Ancestor just now. The reason why he could become the Lord of Daoting was because his father was the previous Dao Ancestor! "
Ye Xuan was silent.
The Lord laughed, "Now that you are the Lord of Daoting, you can change Daoting.
Also, be careful of the Dao Ancestor. He should have been rescued by the people from the Dark Abyss! "
An Abyss!
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "The people from the Dark Abyss saved him because of the two scriptures, right?"
The Lord nodded. "Yes!
After that, An Yuan will probably come looking for you! "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The Lord flicked his finger and a Daoist scripture appeared in front of Ye Xuan. It was the sixth scripture.
The Lord smiled and said, "I'll give it to you!
If you have time, come to the Dao Tomb to play! "
With that, he turned around and left.
Ye Xuan looked at the scripture in his hands, speechless.
The Lord was definitely afraid that the people from the Dark Abyss would come looking for him. That was why he gave the Dao Scripture to him so easily.
An Abyss!
Ye Xuan was silent for a moment before he turned around and left.
Somewhere in the starry sky, Su Ke looked away after Ye Xuan left.
In fact, he had come to the Fifth Dimension a long time ago. However, he did not make a move. He wanted to act at the crucial moment. He did not expect that after the Daoting Ancestor came out, the Daoting Ancestor would stand on Ye Xuan's side!
He did not expect this at all!
Of course, he did not expect that An Yuan would save the Dao Ancestor!
This meant that An Yuan would become enemies with Ye Xuan!
Thinking of this, Su Ke wanted to laugh.
Su Ke suddenly said, "Stay here and protect Young Master Ye. I will return to the Ancient God Abyss."
With that, he turned around and left.
....
On the other side, the Dao Ancestor, who was already a soul body, stood in the starry sky. Not far in front of him stood a middle-aged man in a black robe.
Dao
The Dao Ancestor looked at the middle-aged man in front of him. "An Yuan!"
The middle-aged man smiled. "You guessed it right. You can call me Lian Zun!"
The Dao Ancestor was expressionless. "You saved me for the two scriptures?"
Lian Zun smiled. "Will you give them to me?"
The Dao Ancestor laughed at himself. "Can I refuse?"
With that, he flicked his finger and two scriptures appeared in front of Lian Zun.
Lian Zun did not refuse and kept the two scriptures.
At this moment, the Dao Ancestor suddenly said, "Ye Xuan has five of them!"
Lian Zun glanced at the Dao Ancestor and smiled. "You want us to kill Ye Xuan!"
The Dao Ancestor smiled. "You wanted to go, didn't you?"
Lian Zun looked at the starry sky and said softly, "To be honest, we are here for Ye Xuan!
As far as we know, he is related to the Sword Sect, and the Sword Sect has a blood feud with An Yuan! "
The Dao Ancestor frowned. "Blood feud?"
Lian Zun said softly, "Back then, the Sword Sect's Ancestral Master, that female sword cultivator, not only killed dozens of our Dark Abyss experts, but she also brought her sword to our Dark Abyss …"
At this point, he didn't say anything else.
That incident back then could be said to be the Dark Abyss' humiliation!
The Dao Ancestor looked at Lian Zun. "I have to remind you that there is a little girl by Ye Xuan's side. Her name is Mu Niannian. Her strength is beyond your imagination. If you want to obtain the scriptures and kill Ye Xuan, you must be quick. Otherwise, once she regains her memory and strength, you will be like ants before her!"
Lian Zun said softly, "Are you talking about the Mu Niannian who shattered your body with less than 30% of her strength?"
The Dao Ancestor said, "Yes!"
Lian Zun was silent.
Coming to this place this time, many things and people were beyond his expectations!
Especially Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan's strength shocked him.
Although he was at the Dao Controlling Realm, Ye Xuan could totally become a Dao Realm expert. Most importantly, Ye Xuan's bloodline power and body were too terrifying!
The Dao Ancestor was about to speak, but Lian Zun smiled and said, "You don't have to sow discord. We will kill Ye Xuan because he is not only related to the Sword Sect, but also to the Ancient God Abyss. Therefore, he must die."
He shook his head and smiled. "To be honest, there are too many reasons to kill him!"
The Dao Ancestor slowly closed his eyes.
At this moment, he was the most indignant and aggrieved!
He had been holding back his ultimate move, but he did not expect that it would not only destroy him, but also help Ye Xuan!
Of course, he did not expect that the ancestor of Daoting would not help Daoting, but Ye Xuan!
And he even made Ye Xuan the Master of Daoting!
Every time he thought of this, his liver ached.
Angry!
At this moment, Lian Zun suddenly said, "Dao Ancestor, are you willing to go to the Dark Abyss?
If you are, we will help you to restore your body! "
The Dao Ancestor said softly, "Do I have the right to refuse?"
Lian Zun laughed. "Then we will be on the same side from now on!
Let's go! "
After saying this, he turned and left.
The Dao Ancestor turned and looked at the starry sky of the Fifth Dimension. His eyes gradually turned cold. "Ye Xuan, we will meet again!"
After saying this, he turned and left.
....
Ye Xuan returned to the starry sky of the Fifth Dimension. At this moment, some of the people of Daoting had left. Bai Dizi had also disappeared, but White Robe was still there.
Ye Xuan walked in front of the Daoting experts. Everyone was looking at Ye Xuan.
In fact, at this moment, they were already confused.
They were originally enemies with Ye Xuan, but with the appearance of their ancestor, everything changed!
The ancestor approved of Ye Xuan!
Could it be that they wanted to become enemies with the ancestor?
At this moment, White Robe suddenly walked in front of Ye Xuan. He looked at Ye Xuan without saying a word.
Ye Xuan suddenly smiled. "If you want to stay, you can stay. If you don't want to, you can leave immediately."
None of the Daoting experts moved.
Leave?
Where could they go?
At this moment, Ye Xuan opened his palm. A God's Seal appeared in his hand.
The Great Dao of Destiny!
The expressions of the 3 Dao Completion Realm experts instantly became extremely complicated when they witnessed this scene.
Their ancestor had passed this Great Dao Seal to Ye Xuan!
At this moment, Venerable Mi suddenly said, "Your Excellency … did the ancestor say anything?"
Ye Xuan looked at Venerable Mi. "She said that I should go find her in the future."
Venerable Mi was stunned, then bowed slightly. "This old man is willing to serve Your Excellency as my master!"
The other two Daoting experts bowed slightly as well.
When they saw the three Daoting experts bow, some of the Daoting experts who were watching hurriedly bowed as well.
The strongest three had already expressed their allegiance, so they naturally wouldn't hesitate any longer.
Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes. "It's time for the Daoting to change!"
Venerable Mi hesitated for a moment and said, "I'm afraid it'll be difficult."
Ye Xuan gazed at Venerable Mi. "Do you want to change?"
Venerable Mi replied, "Rome wasn't built in a single day …"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Do you know why Big Sister Qing is so strong?"
Venerable Mi was stunned. "Big Sister Qing?"
Ye Xuan's expression didn't change. "Yes!
She asked me to call her Big Sister, and she said that she'll protect me from now on!
Is there a problem? "
Venerable Mi replied, "I … I have no problem …"
Ye Xuan glanced at the Daoting experts. Finally, he looked at White Robe. "White Robe, do you think the Daoting should change?"
White Robe looked at Ye Xuan. "You want me to submit?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "I don't want you to submit. However, I want to say that you don't have to fight for me. You can continue to fight for the Daoting."
White Robe was silent.
Ye Xuan asked. "Make your own decision!"
White Robe looked at Ye Xuan. "Bai Dizi asked me to follow you."
Bai Dizi!
Ye Xuan frowned slightly. He looked around. "Where is he?"
White Robe said indifferently, "He knows that you'll kill him, so he ran!"
Ye Xuan was silent.
He really wanted to kill Bai Dizi!
It was this person who had targeted him time and time again!
White Robe continued, "He said that the ancestor chose you for three reasons. First, the ancestor saw the strength of the person behind you. The strength of the person behind you is definitely beyond our imagination. Second, the ancestor wanted to end the bad karma between you and the Daoting, and turn this bad karma into good karma. Third, the ancestor chose you because she wanted you to change the Daoting and rebuild the order of the Great Dao. In other words, she felt that you could change the Daoting and rebuild the order of the Great Dao."
Ye Xuan was silent.
White Robe continued, "He also said that I can not fight for you, but I can continue to fight for the Daoting.
And if you, Ye Xuan, can gather the Dao Scriptures, it will be a great thing for me and the whole of the Daoting!
So … "
Saying that, he looked at Ye Xuan. "I will fight for the Daoting!"
.....








Chapter 1411
Fight for Daoting!
Following White Robe's declaration, the Daoting powerhouses under him also declared their allegiance.
In the Daoting, White Robe's prestige was second only to the Dao Ancestor, especially in the Celestial Abyss, where his White Robe Army was invincible.
And these people were even more loyal to White Robe than to the Dao Ancestor.
With White Robe and the others' submission, the entire Daoting was now truly under Ye Xuan's control.
At this time, Luo Hou and the others walked over. He looked at Ye Xuan and smiled. "Congratulations!"
The current Ye Xuan could be said to be on equal footing with the Dao Tomb Land!
No, with Ye Xuan's participation, the Daoting's strength could completely suppress the Dao Tomb Land!
Ye Xuan smiled. "Senior Luo Hou, the cooperation I've discussed with the Dao Tomb Land is still valid!"
Luo Hou's heart immediately relaxed. He smiled. "That's good!"
Ye Xuan looked up into the depths of the starry sky and said softly, "To Daoting!"
To Daoting!
He did not forget that Zhao Zhiqing had left him a surprise in the 34th Heaven!
Soon, Ye Xuan left the Fifth Dimension with everyone and headed for the Daoting.
In the starry sky, Luo Hou and the others watched Ye Xuan and the others leave with complicated expressions.
They never imagined that Ye Xuan would directly become the master of the Daoting!
Fortunately, Ye Xuan did not become enemies with the Dao Tomb Land. Otherwise, the Dao Tomb Land would be in an awkward situation.
After a moment, Luo Hou said, "Let's go!"
With that, he turned and left with Chi Yaoyao and the others.
...
Daoting.
Ye Xuan once again came to the Daoting. Unlike before, this time, he came openly.
Ye Xuan headed straight for the 34th level of heaven.
On the way, Ye Xuan suddenly asked, "Do you know what's inside the Thirty-fourth Heaven?"
Beside Ye Xuan, Venerated Mi shook his head. "We only know that it is the place where the Great Dao Seal is stored. We don't know anything else."
Ye Xuan looked at Venerable Mi. "You've never been inside?"
Venerable Mi nodded, "I've never entered before!"
Ye Xuan was puzzled. "Why?"
Venerable Mi hesitated for a moment and said, "I wouldn't dare to disturb you, Ancestor!"
Upon hearing this, Ye Xuan understood.
In the hearts of the Daoting people, Zhao Zhiqing's position was still very high.
Soon, Ye Xuan arrived at the entrance to the Thirty-fourth Heaven.
Back then, Sister Nian had come here, but she hadn't entered.
Now that he thought about it, Sister Nian must have felt Zhao Zhiqing's presence.
Sister Nian's strength was definitely not weaker than Zhao Zhiqing's, but at that time, Sister Nian only had less than 30% of her strength. Moreover, Sister Nian's main target was the Dao Ancestor!
Ye Xuan collected his thoughts and walked towards the Thirty-fourth Heaven!
Venerable Mi and the rest did not follow.
Soon, Ye Xuan arrived at the Thirty-fourth Heaven. The entire Thirty-fourth Heaven was empty. There was nothing there.
Ye Xuan was stunned.
Could it be that Zhao Zhiqing was lying to him?
At this moment, not far from Ye Xuan, the space suddenly trembled. Then, a black box floated out of the space.
A box!
Ye Xuan's expression was a little strange. Could this box also contain a little white guy?
Ye Xuan opened the box. Inside the box was a circular black and white seal!
The seal was half black and half white!
Ye Xuan picked up the seal and studied it. He frowned. What was this thing?
Ye Xuan studied it for a long time but still could not figure it out. Hence, he picked up the seal and left the Thirty-fourth Heaven.
Ye Xuan handed the seal to Venerable Mi. "This is?"
When he saw the black and white seal
(This chapter is not finished. Please flip the page)
When the seal appeared, Venerable Mi's expression changed!
Ye Xuan knew that Venerable Mi recognized this black and white seal!
Venerable Mi said solemnly, "This is a Dao seal!"
"Dao seal?"
Ye Xuan was curious. "What is a Dao seal?"
Venerable Mi looked at Ye Xuan with a complicated expression. "A Dao seal!"
Ye Xuan asked again, "What's its use?"
Venerable Mi hesitated and shook his head. "I don't know either!"
Ye Xuan was speechless. After talking for so long, this guy still did not know the use of this Dao seal!
Venerable Mi said again, "Although I don't know the use of this item, it is my Daoting treasure. It has a spirit. Young friend, why don't you communicate with it? Perhaps you will gain something!"
The spirit of the Dao seal!
Ye Xuan nodded. He looked at the Dao seal. "Let's talk?"
No response!
Ye Xuan smiled. Then, he put the Dao seal back into the box. At this moment, an angry voice came from the box. "Let me out!"
Ye Xuan smirked. He opened the box and the Dao seal floated out. At the same time, a little boy floated out from the Dao seal.
The little boy looked about five or six years old. He had a pigtail and looked very cute!
Ye Xuan looked at the little boy. "How should I address you?"
The little boy looked at Ye Xuan and did not speak.
Ye Xuan smiled. "I'm Ye Xuan. What about you?"
The little boy snorted. "I'm not telling you!"
Ye Xuan laughed. "I know even if you don't tell me. You're Little Yin, right?"
The little boy frowned. "How did you know!"
Ye Xuan's expression froze. Damn, this guy is really called Little Yin?
Who gave him that name?
He's as good as me!
Little Yin looked at Ye Xuan. "Why did you call me out?"
Ye Xuan blinked and smiled. "I just wanted to ask. Are you strong?"
Little Yin snorted. "Of course I'm strong!"
Ye Xuan pointed at Venerated Mi. "Can you beat him?"
Venerated Mi: "…"
Little Yin looked at Venerated Mi. He hesitated and shook his head. "I can't beat him!"
Ye Xuan chuckled. "Looks like you're not that strong after all!"
Little Yin immediately said angrily, "Who said that?
Let me tell you. I'm very, very strong! "
Ye Xuan shrugged and did not speak. But his expression said: I don't believe you!
Little Yin suddenly put his palms together. The next moment, he turned into a black light and entered between Ye Xuan's brows.
Boom!
Ye Xuan's body trembled violently. The next moment, a powerful aura swept out from his body. This aura was so strong that Venerated Mi and the others around him were forced to retreat!
In an instant, the Daoting experts around Ye Xuan were sent flying thousands of feet away!
A huge black and white Tai Chi diagram appeared beneath Ye Xuan's feet.
At this moment, Ye Xuan was a little confused!
What the hell was this?
Little Yin suddenly said, "You fight him!"
Ye Xuan looked at Venerated Mi in the distance. He opened his palm and the Executing Heaven Sword appeared. As soon as the Executing Heaven Sword appeared, a Tai Chi diagram appeared above Venerated Mi's head. With the appearance of this Tai Chi diagram, Venerated Mi's realm was suppressed to Dao Defense realm!
From Dao Attainment realm to Dao Defense realm!
Meanwhile, Ye Xuan's aura skyrocketed. Although he did not directly reach Dao Attainment realm, his aura skyrocketed endlessly!
It was infinitely close to the Dao Defense realm!
It wasn't just Ye Xuan who was stunned, everyone else here was as well!
What the hell is this?
Why is it so abnormal?
Meanwhile, Venerated Mi spoke abruptly.
(This chapter isn't finished. Please continue to the next page.)
"I understand!
It's used for support! "
Ye Xuan fell silent.
He understood it now!
The Seal of the Grand Dao was a divine treasure of support!
It could suppress his opponents and strengthen himself!
He didn't have to fear Dao Attainment Realm experts anymore with it in his possession!
Or it should be said that Dao Attainment Realm experts should be afraid of him!
Meanwhile, Little Yin grunted coldly, "I'm amazing, right?"
Ye Xuan smiled, "Amazing!
Extremely amazing! "
Little Yin left Ye Xuan and gazed at Ye Xuan, "Can you let me go?"
Ye Xuan blinked and said, "Can't you leave by yourself?"
Little Yin lowered his head slightly. You have that seal on you.
Ye Xuan understood!
The seal of a god!
This seal was bound by the seal of a god!
He tried to contact the seal of a god, and sure enough, he sensed Little Yin through it.
Xiao Yin continued, "That woman, she used that broken seal to trap me …"
As he spoke, he gazed at Ye Xuan, "Can you let me go?"
Ye Xuan didn't speak. He just opened his palm, and some violet energy appeared in his hand.
Little Yin's eyes lit up when he saw the violet energy, and he blinked, "Can you give it to me?"
Ye Xuan smiled, "Of course!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he pointed with a finger, and the violet energy surged towards Little Yin.
Little Yin instantly revealed an intoxicated expression after absorbing the violet energy, and then he gazed at Ye Xuan, "Do you have more?"
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "No more today!"
Little Yin blinked, "You mean there will be more tomorrow?"
Ye Xuan gave him a thumbs up, "Smart!
How about this, you follow me, and I'll give you 30 strands of this violet energy every day, what do you think? "
Little Yin hesitated, and then said, "Do you want me to follow you and help you fight?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "I want you to follow me, but not to help me fight!
You follow me, and when I'm in trouble, you just need to help me a little, what do you think? "
Little Yin looked at Ye Xuan, "Let me think about it, okay?"
Ye Xuan smiled, "I'll give you 50 strands of violet energy every day!
On top of that, I'll give you 1,000 fortune divine crystals every day! "
As he spoke, he took out a pile of fortune divine crystals and placed them in front of Little Yin.
He knew that the Fortune Divine Crystal was useful to these spiritual beasts.
Little Yin glanced at the fortune divine crystals, and he was very tempted!
Ye Xuan smiled, "I'm a good person, and I don't usually fight!"
Revered Mi, "…"
Little Yin looked at Ye Xuan, and he was still a little hesitant.
Ye Xuan suddenly took out a stick of tanghulu and handed it to Little Yin.
Little Yin was a little curious, "What is this?"
Ye Xuan opened the parchment, and then handed it to Little Yin, "Lick it!"
Little Yin hesitated, and then licked the tanghulu. Soon, his eyes widened in disbelief, "What is this?"
Ye Xuan said with a straight face, "Tanghulu!"
Little Yin licked it again, and he was very excited, or rather a little emotional, because he had never eaten something like this before!
A moment later, Little Yin looked at Ye Xuan, and said excitedly, "I can follow you, but you have to give me a stick of tanghulu every day!"
Ye Xuan, "…"
Seeing that Ye Xuan did not speak, Little Yin hurriedly said, "Half will do!
Half a stick, no less! "
Ye Xuan, "…"
At the side, Revered Mi and the others could not bear to watch anymore …
Ye Xuan, devoid of conscience!
....
PS: Monthly ticket!!!
I don't want it!!!
(End of this chapter)








Chapter 1412
Just like that, Ye Xuan had succeeded in leaving behind the seal.
And with the existence of this seal, the current Ye Xuan could be said to not be afraid of Dao Realm powerhouses at all!
After subduing the seal, Ye Xuan looked up. There were two more levels after the 34th level.
There were a total of 36 levels!
What would the last two levels contain?
Meanwhile, Venerated Mi seemed to have read Ye Xuan's mind, and he said abruptly, "Daoist Master, the spirit tablets of our Daoting Ancestors are all within the 35 levels, and it's also their resting place. There's nothing else.
As for the 36 levels, there's a super formation within them. It's our Daoting Sect's protective formation, and it'll only be activated when the Daoting Sect is in danger. "
Ye Xuan looked at Venerated Mi, "There aren't any other treasures?"
Venerated Mi laughed bitterly, "There really isn't!"
Ye Xuan nodded slightly, "Then forget it!"
With that, he turned around and left.
Meanwhile, Venerated Mi suddenly said, "Daoist Master, aren't you going to be Daoting?"
Ye Xuan glanced at them and smiled, "How about this? I won't be the Daoting Master, and all of you can make the Daoting Decisions yourselves. What do you think?"
Everyone was stunned when they heard that.
Venerated Mi hurriedly said, "Absolutely not. Since the Ancestor made you the Daoist Master, then you are the Daoist Master. No one can change that!"
Daoting Ancestor? What kind of person was that?
Since she made Ye Xuan the Daoting Master, then there was definitely a deeper meaning behind it.
Moreover, after interacting with Ye Xuan, they realized that Ye Xuan really wasn't simple!
If Ye Xuan didn't become the Daoting Master now, then the Daoting Sect would be without a leader, and its future would be worrying!
Ye Xuan thought for a moment and said, "All of you will listen to what I say, right?"
Venerable Mi quickly nodded. "Of course!"
Ye Xuan looked at Venerable Mi. "I want to rebuild the order of Heaven and Earth, but Daoting all of us have to make changes!"
Venerable Mi hesitated and said, "That's a good thing, but …"
Ye Xuan suddenly asked, "Venerable Mi, do you know why my sister, Lord Qing, is so powerful?"
Venerable Mi looked at Ye Xuan. "Why?"
Ye Xuan walked in front of Venerable Mi and said softly, "Because she has not forgotten her original intention. Venerable Mi, you are also a guardian of the Great Dao, but do you know that your path has gone astray? If I'm not wrong, you have not been in contact with the God's Seal in your body for many years?"
Venerable Mi was silent.
The God's Seal did not leave, but it had been dormant for many years.
However, he did not care about it. With his current strength, he basically did not need to use the God's Seal.
Ye Xuan looked at Venerable Mi. "Senior, do you know why those in the past were able to reach Dao Realization, but you all were stuck at Dao Realization, unable to advance?"
Venerable Mi slowly clenched his fists. "It's a matter of faith!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "When Lord Qing came out, he said something that Senior should remember. That is, 'In the end, things have changed'.
Senior should know the meaning of this, right? "
Venerable Mi was silent.
Of course he knew!
This meant that the Daoting of today was no longer the Daoting of the past!
Ye Xuan looked at Venerable Mi. "Rebuild order, let the Three Thousand Daos shine again, let the world have order again. Senior, if Lord Qing and the others could do it, why can't we?"
He knew that if he wanted to truly control Daoting, he needed the support of Venerable Mi and the other two!
This was because the three of them were Dao Attainment Realm cultivators from the Dao Court!
With their support, anything he wanted to do would be simple.
Venerable Mi was silent for a long time. Then he said, "I understand Dao Master's meaning!
Whatever Dao Master wants to do, do it.
The three of us will support you with all our strength! "
Ye Xuan nodded. "That's good!"
Saying so, he looked around. "Senior, what do you think of the Fifth Dimension?"
Venerable Mi said solemnly, "Very good!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "I want to start with the Fifth Dimension!
To establish a relatively fair order in the Fifth Dimension, what do you think? "
Venerable Mi thought about it. "That's not a problem. However, to re-establish order, I'm afraid it'll be a bit difficult!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "It's not difficult!
As long as we work together, it's not difficult at all. "
Venerable Mi wanted to say something but stopped.
Ye Xuan smiled. "Does Senior want to say that it might affect some people's interests?"
Venerable Mi nodded.
Currently, the Dao Court was fighting for themselves. If they were to establish order now, it would be equivalent to fighting for others. Moreover, they would definitely have to give up some things. Many people would definitely be unwilling to do so.
Ye Xuan looked at Venerable Mi. "If they're not like-minded, then ask them to leave!"
Hearing this, Venerable Mi's heart trembled. He nodded. "Understood!"
Ye Xuan glanced at everyone present, and then he said, "Everyone, head to the Fifth Dimension!"
At the side, White Robe suddenly said. "Heaven Abyss …"
Ye Xuan looked at White Robe. "No!"
White Robe was stunned.
Ye Xuan turned and left. "In the future, I will give you salaries. Everyone's salaries will be doubled."
Everyone was stunned when they heard this.
Double the increase?
Is this true?
Everyone looked at each other.
Just like that, all the Daoting powerhouses headed to the Fifth Dimension. In the Fifth Dimension, Ye Xuan asked Guan Yin to build a Dao City!
This Dao City was filled with Daoting powerhouses.
As for Heaven Abyss, the Daoting completely withdrew and gave Heaven Abyss to the Dao Tomb. This caused the Dao Tomb to be slightly stunned.
What was Ye Xuan doing?
...
After returning to the Fifth Dimension, Ye Xuan immediately called San Sheng, Guan Yin, and Venerable Mi.
Ye Xuan looked at San Sheng. "San Sheng, are you willing to return to the Underworld?"
San Sheng was stunned. Then, he shook his head. "This place is quite fun!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "If you don't want to go back, then forget it!"
Saying this, he looked at Venerable Mi. "Venerable Mi, who do you think should guard the Underworld?"
To rebuild order, the Underworld was crucial.
Venerable Mi thought about it. "To rebuild the Underworld, we need a trustworthy person. Moreover, this person's ability must be outstanding."
Ye Xuan looked at Guan Yin. In fact, Guan Yin's ability was good, but she was not suitable. Her strength was still lacking. Moreover, this side needed Guan Yin. If Guan Yin left, this side would be in chaos.
Venerable Mi suddenly said. "I have a candidate, but I'm afraid you …"
Ye Xuan asked, "Who?"
Venerable Mi said in a deep voice, "Bai Dizi!"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan was stunned.
He had almost forgotten about this old man!
Damn, this old man was definitely capable. However, he did not have a good impression of this old man.
Venerable Mi said, "As the head of the Celestial Lords, Bai Dizi has been helping the previous Dao Ancestor manage the Daoting. If he were to manage the Underworld, it would be a piece of cake for him!"
Ye Xuan thought about it. Then, he said, "Choose someone else."
Venerable Mi was stunned. He looked at Ye Xuan and did not speak.
Ye Xuan smiled. "With his talent, it is a waste of his talent to manage the Underworld!"
Hearing this, Venerable Mi heaved a sigh of relief.
He thought that Ye Xuan wanted to kill Bai Dizi!
Venerable Mi said, "Then let Sir God Yin Ming go to the Underworld!
He was once the liaison between the Daoting and the Underworld, so he is familiar with the Underworld. Moreover, he is strong enough! "
Ye Xuan nodded. "Alright!"
As he spoke, he looked at San Sheng. "San Sheng, the Spirit of the Underworld is following you, right?"
San Sheng's expression changed slightly. She hurriedly shook her head. "No, no!"
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Really?"
San Sheng said softly, "Can you let her go?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "I won't kill her!
I need her help! "
San Sheng blinked. "What help?"
Ye Xuan said, "Let her return to the Underworld. If there is no Spirit of the Underworld, will it still be called the Underworld?"
San Sheng hesitated for a moment. "I don't know if she will go back!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "She will definitely go back!
Because the Underworld is her home! "
San Sheng nodded. "I'll talk to her!
But if she doesn't want to go back, you can't force her! "
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Great!"
San Sheng turned and left.
At this moment, Ye Xuan asked again, "Venerable Mi, do you know where Bai Dizi is?"
Venerable Mi nodded. "I do!"
Ye Xuan said, "How about this? Tell him to do something for me!"
Venerable Mi asked, "What is it?"
Ye Xuan said, "Ask him to help find those with the God's Seal. Find them and bring them back. As long as they are willing to return, they will receive a monthly salary."
Venerable Mi smiled. "That won't be a problem. He's in charge of the Daoting. He's the best when it comes to these messy matters."
Ye Xuan nodded. "Go do what you need to do!"
Venerable Mi bowed slightly and turned to leave.
Only Ye Xuan and Guan Yin were left in the hall.
Guan Yin said in a deep voice, "You really want to establish order?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Guan Yin was puzzled. "Why?"
Ye Xuan said softly, "The current Fifth Dimension is so harmonious because of me. But what if I'm not there?"
Guan Yin was silent.
Without Ye Xuan, the Fifth Dimension would be in chaos!
Because no one could suppress it!
Ye Xuan said softly, "I want to establish order. An order that everyone follows. Even without me, the Fifth Dimension will not be in chaos … At least not for a certain period of time!
Of course, there's nothing wrong with a new order!
At least, this world will become a better place! "
If it was in the past, he would definitely not do this.
But now, he was willing to do it.
Because the Fifth Dimension was the universe that Sister Nian was protecting!
He, Ye Xuan, wanted to protect the Fifth Dimension. Protecting the Fifth Dimension was equivalent to protecting Sister Nian!
He had promised Sister Nian!
....
Ancient God Abyss.
After Su Ke returned to the Ancient God Abyss, at the top of a pyramid, Su Zhe looked at Su Ke. "You're saying that the people from the Dark Abyss want to kill Ye Xuan?"
Su Ke nodded. "Yes.
Young Master Ye not only has the Dao Scripture, but he's also related to Situ Tingyun from the Sword Sect. And the Dark Abyss has a blood feud with Situ Tingyun, so … "
Su Zhe suddenly laughed. "The Dark Abyss … This Old Man is dying from laughter … No, let's take a break … haha …"
Su Ke: "…"
.....








Chapter 1413
In the Fifth Dimension.
In the Sword Hall, Ye Xuan sat cross-legged on the ground.
Stabilizing his realm!
He had reached the Dao Controlling Realm during the battle, but his realm was still unstable. What he needed to do now was to stabilize his realm and familiarize himself with the Dao Controlling Realm!
After reaching the Dao Controlling Realm, he felt that the greatest improvement was in his body.
This was something he had not expected!
He was now at the Dao Controlling Realm and his body was also at the Dao Controlling Realm. It could be said that he could fight Dao Attainment Realm experts without using any external items!
With the addition of that strange Dao seal, he now had the ability to kill a Dao Attainment Realm expert!
In the hall, as Ye Xuan stabilized his realm, his aura became more and more stable. In the end, his aura disappeared and he seemed to have merged with heaven and earth.
...
After the Daoting entered the Fifth Dimension, the Fifth Dimension was unprecedentedly powerful.
In addition, the Spirit Qi in the entire Fifth Dimension was getting denser.
This was because the Fifth Dimension didn't just have the Spirit Qi of Heaven and Earth. There were also the super mineral veins that Ye Xuan brought from the Dark World!
These super mineral veins were not only used to produce fortune crystals but also contained extremely pure Spirit Qi. With these mineral veins, the Spirit Qi in the Fifth Dimension became even denser.
Of course, there was another reason why the Spirit Qi in the Fifth Dimension was so dense. It was because the experts of the Fifth Dimension were protecting it!
In the Fifth Dimension, destroying Spirit Qi and origin was a serious crime!
In short, the Fifth Dimension was better than ever!
...
In the Dao Tomb, the Lord and the others gathered.
The Lord glanced at Luo Hou and the others and said with a smile, "Ye Xuan has taken over the Dao Court completely. He also asked the people of the Dao Court to withdraw from the Celestial Abyss. Now, the Celestial Abyss is in our hands!"
Bitter King said solemnly, "This is a good thing!"
The Lord smiled. "It is indeed a good thing!"
At this moment, Qing Yaoyao suddenly said, "Can Ye Xuan really establish order?"
The Lord looked at Qing Yaoyao and smiled. "What do you think?"
Qing Yaoyao said solemnly, "I think so!"
The Lord asked, "How so?"
Qing Yaoyao said softly, "Because he is strong enough!
And his backer is very strong! "
Backer!
The surroundings suddenly fell silent when they heard this.
Now, not only did Ye Xuan have the support of the people behind him, but he also had the support of the Daoting Ancestors!
Meanwhile, Chi Yaoyao continued, "If he attains the Dao Formation Realm, then I think that very few in the Dao Formation Realm would be a match for him!"
Luo Hou frowned slightly. "He just reached the Dao Defense Realm!"
Qian Yaoyao shook her head. "In this world, some people can't be judged by common sense!"
Luo Hou was silent.
Just as Yan Yaoyao had said, some people couldn't be judged by common sense. For example, Ye Xuan's life was like cheating!
Comparing oneself to others would really anger one to death!
Chi Yaoyao continued, "What we have to think about now is if Ye Xuan really establishes order. At that time, should we obey his order?"
At the side, Bitter King frowned slightly. "He's building his own. What does that have to do with us?"
Yao Yao smiled and didn't say anything.
Luo Hou spoke solemnly, "At that time, I'm afraid it won't be up to us!"
Meanwhile, the Lord suddenly smiled and said, "Actually, establishing a completely new order isn't a bad thing. Of course, it might not be very difficult for him to establish a completely new order. However, he has to deal with two things first!"
Yan Yaoyao spoke solemnly, "The Dark Abyss and the Whirling World!"
The Lord nodded. "The Dark Abyss saved the Dao Ancestors. Obviously, they've chosen to interfere.
As for the Whirling World, I believe that they'll definitely not give up on this scripture.
They would definitely not give up on this scripture. After all, Ye Xuan already had six scrolls with him. If they could get Ye Xuan's six scrolls, they would have seven scrolls in total.
So, if I'm not wrong, the Whirling World has probably sent someone over. "
Luo Hou gazed at the Lord, "What about us?
What should we do now? "
The Lord smiled and said, "Nothing!
We'll just wait and see!
So long as we wait and see, then no matter if it's Ye Xuan, the Whirling World, or the Dark Abyss, none of them will come looking for trouble with us! "
At this point, he smiled faintly, "Of course, we can provide some help to Ye Xuan!"
Luo Hou looked at the Lord, "The Lord is still optimistic about Ye Xuan!"
The Lord smiled, "Why not?
Do you think it's just luck that a person with the Calamity Seed could survive until now? "
Luo Hou was silent.
The Lord smiled, "Don't forget one person!
Mu Niannian! "
Mu Niannian!
The expressions of everyone here changed when they heard this.
They almost forgot about this woman!
This woman had been reborn. Although she had lost her memories and strength, what if she regained her memories?
After all, the Fifth Dimension no longer needed her to suppress it!
Once she regained her memories, she would have all her strength!
In that state, how many people in the world could be a match for Mu Niannian?
Luo Hou said softly, "So, the Dark Abyss and the Whirling World won't give Ye Xuan too much time!"
The Lord suddenly stood up, "This is not something we should worry about. I want to take a stroll in the Fifth Dimension. Are you interested?"
Luo Hou hesitated, "Then let's go!"
The Lord smiled, "Let's go!"
At this point, he left with everyone else.
...
In a certain part of the starry sky, the originally calm starry sky suddenly trembled. It didn't take long for the space there to split open, and then an old man and a woman in a green dress walked out from within.
Both of their faces were slightly pale.
The old man looked around and said softly, "It really wasn't easy to come to this place!"
The woman in green slowly closed her eyes. Her aura was very unstable because traveling through the starry sky had consumed too much of her mind and strength!
After a while, the woman in green returned to normal.
The old man smiled, "How do you feel?"
The woman in green's expression was cold, "Good!"
The old man nodded, looked into the distance, and said softly, "I haven't been to this universe for many years!"
The woman in green said, "Elder, can you feel the aura of Ye Xuan?"
The old man slowly closed his eyes. After a while, he looked to the right, "He is in the Fifth Dimension!"
The woman in green said, "Then let's go!"
The old man shook his head.
The woman in green looked at the old man, and the old man said in a deep voice, "Girl, don't look down on this person. Although we haven't had any dealings with him, he is definitely not an ordinary person since he has five Dao scriptures!"
The woman in green was expressionless, "I am not looking down on him, but I feel that he is not qualified for me to pay attention to him!"
The old man shook his head, "Girl, there is always someone better than you. Be careful in everything you do!"
The woman in green did not speak.
The old man sighed, feeling helpless. The woman in front of him was one of the three great evildoers of the Saha World. She indeed had the qualifications to be arrogant.
However, this Ye Xuan was able to collect five Dao scriptures, so he was definitely not an ordinary person!
The reason he could live until now, besides his own strength, was also because of his cautiousness!
Be careful in everything!
At this time, the woman in green suddenly said, "Elder, let's go meet that Ye Xuan!"
The elder nodded, "Let's go meet him!"
He was also a little curious about this Ye Xuan!
He was actually able to collect two Dao scriptures!
Soon, the two disappeared into the starry sky.
...
In the Fifth Dimension.
The door to Ye Xuan's room was tightly shut.
During this period of time, he had been cultivating in seclusion, and no one came to disturb him.
It was worth mentioning that more and more people in the Fifth Dimension had broken through to the Dao Validation Realm!
Because this time, he had the help of the Daoting!
As one of the top forces, the Daoting could not be compared to the current Fifth Dimension in terms of nurturing people.
This was because the Daoting had inheritance!
In the Fifth Dimension, there was nothing. If it was not for Ye Xuan's wealth, even An Lanxiu and the others could not reach the Dao Validation Realm, let alone others!
And the most evildoer, Xiao Qi, had already begun to break through to the Dao Defense Realm …
As for Xiao Qi's talent, even experts like the Daoting were very shocked!
It was too terrifying!
It could be said that Xiao Qi's talent was not inferior to Ye Xuan's at all!
In a hall somewhere, Venerable Mi, who was resting with his eyes closed, suddenly opened his eyes. The next moment, he disappeared on the spot, and when he reappeared, he was already in the starry sky.
In front of him stood an old man and a woman in green!
Seeing Venerable Mi, the old man smiled, "You are?"
Venerable Mi asked, "The two of you are?"
The old man smiled, "The two of us are from the Whirling World. This time, we came to meet Young Master Ye!"
The Whirling World!
Venerable Mi's heart sank. He knew that this force would appear sooner or later, but he did not expect it to appear so soon!
The old man smiled, "Is that okay?"
Venerable Mi glanced at the two of them, and then said, "I'll go ask the Dao Master!"
With that, he turned and left.
At this moment, the old man suddenly said, "Dao Master?"
Venerable Mi glanced at the old man, "He is now the Dao Master of my Daoting!"
With that, he turned and disappeared in the starry sky.
The Dao Master!
The old man frowned slightly, "Ye Xuan has actually become the Master of the Daoting …. Didn't the information we gathered say that Ye Xuan and the Daoting are mortal enemies?"
The woman in green looked down and remained silent. No one knew what she was thinking.
Meanwhile, Venerable Mi appeared once more in the starry sky, and he glanced at the two of them, "The Dao Master invites you in!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he gestured for them to enter.
The old man nodded slightly, "Please lead the way!"
Venerable Mi nodded, and then he turned around and left.
The two of them followed Venerable Mi.
Under Venerable Mi's lead, the two of them arrived at Sword Hall, and only Ye Xuan was there.
Looking at the two old men, Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Please take a seat."
The old man smiled, "Young Master Ye, I've heard a lot about you!"
Ye Xuan grinned, "You must be joking!"
The old man continued, "Old Man, let's get straight to the point!
I heard that Young Master Ye has five Daoist scriptures! "
Ye Xuan nodded, "Yes!"
The old man smiled, "Young Master Ye, those Daoist scriptures belong to my Whirling Sect. I wonder if Young Master Ye can return them?"
They belong to the Whirling Sect!
Ye Xuan blinked, "Are you sure?"
The old man said seriously, "They do indeed belong to my Whirling Sect!
Young Master Ye, please return them! "
Ye Xuan sighed softly, "You're too late!"
The old man frowned, "What do you mean?"
Ye Xuan said seriously, "The five Daoist scriptures have been taken by the Dark World!"
Venerable Mi, "…"
..








Chapter 1414
The Dark World has taken it!
In the hall, the old man frowned at Ye Xuan's words. "Really?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Really.
If you check, you'll find out that the former Dao Ancestor has joined forces with the Dark World.
They have many Dao Scriptures now. If you want them, you can go to the Dark World! "
The old man fell silent.
The woman spoke abruptly, "I heard you're the number one genius in this universe?"
Ye Xuan looked at her and smiled, "You must be joking!"
The woman looked at Ye Xuan, "Shall we spar?"
Ye Xuan hurriedly shook his head, "No, no!"
The woman frowned, "Why?"
Ye Xuan laughed bitterly, "How can a place like this compare to the Whirling World?
The number one genius here is probably a joke in the eyes of the Whirling World! "
He paused for a moment and continued, "Moreover, your aura is thick. I'm afraid you've attained the Dao Realm, right?"
The woman glanced at Ye Xuan and nodded slightly.
Ye Xuan's expression instantly turned solemn, and he cupped his fists, "It's truly rare to see someone who has attained the Dao Realm at such a young age."
The woman's expression was calm, "Even though there aren't many young Dao Realm cultivators in the Whirling World, there are quite a few!"
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment and said, "May I know when you attained the Dao?"
The woman looked at Ye Xuan, "I attained the Dao Imperial Realm at the age of 16, attained the Dao at the age of 18, and I'm 20 now!"
Ye Xuan was stunned, and then he said with astonishment, "Attained the Dao at the age of 18?"
The woman nodded, "Yes!
Why do you look so shocked? "
Ye Xuan laughed bitterly, "Miss, I didn't even attain the Dao at the age of 18.
There's always someone better out there! "
The woman glanced at Ye Xuan, "Don't be discouraged, you're not bad yourself!"
Ye Xuan shook his head repeatedly. "In this universe, I might be considered good, but if I were to be placed in your world, I'm afraid I'm nothing!
Sigh … "
The green-robed woman's lips moved, but she didn't know what to say.
She was really not good at comforting people!
At the side, the old man glanced at Ye Xuan. No one knew what he was thinking.
Venerable Mi also glanced at Ye Xuan with an odd expression.
At this time, Ye Xuan looked at the green-robed woman, "May I know your name?"
The woman hesitated for a moment before she said, "Xuan Chu!"
Ye Xuan cupped his fists and said, "Miss Xuan Chu, if you don't mind, I would like to ask you some questions about the Martial Dao!"
Xuan Chu looked at the old man. The old man smiled and said, "Young master Ye, since the Dao Scripture is not in your hands, then we will have to leave!
If there's a chance in the future, the two of you can discuss it! "
Ye Xuan sighed softly with a downcast expression.
Xuan Chu glanced at Ye Xuan and was about to speak when the old man suddenly said, "Young master Ye, we will be leaving now!"
With that, he turned around and left with Xuan Chu.
At this moment, Ye Xuan hurriedly said, "Miss, please wait!"
Xuan Chu looked at Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan walked quickly to Xuan Chu, and he hesitated for a moment before he said, "Miss Xuan Chu, will you be coming back?"
Xuan Chu, "…"
Venerable Mi, "…"
At the side, the old man glanced at Ye Xuan with a slightly unsightly expression.
Dammit, this kid has ulterior motives!
Xuan Chu was about to speak when the old man suddenly said, "Young master Ye, we won't be coming back!"
His tone was very flat and carried a trace of coldness.
Ye Xuan was stunned, and then he looked at Xuan Chu. He was about to speak when the old man suddenly said, "Young master Ye, we have matters to attend to. Farewell!"
With that, he left with Xuan Chu.
Ye Xuan still wanted to say something, but the old man disappeared with Xuan Chu.
Ye Xuan was stunned, and a moment later, he turned to look at Venerable Mi. "Am I very scary?"
Venerable Mi hesitated. "A little!"
At this moment, he was quite emotional. No wonder Bai Dizi couldn't defeat this fellow!
This fellow was really shameless!
In fact, he was quite impressed with Ye Xuan because Ye Xuan had resolved this crisis with just a few words!
At least it was temporarily resolved!
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly left the hall.
Outside the hall, Nian Nian appeared beside Ye Xuan. Nian Nian turned to look at Ye Xuan and giggled. "Where are we going to play today?"
Ye Xuan laughed. "You decide!"
Nian Nian blinked. "Roast fish first!"
Hearing that, Ye Xuan instantly burst into laughter.
Roast fish!
In next to no time, Ye Xuan took Nian Nian's hand and vanished into the distance.
...
Xuan Chu and the old man looked down from the starry sky, and no one knew what they were thinking.
The old man suddenly said, "Xuan Chu, do you believe that scripture is in the hands of the Dark World?"
Xuan Chu spoke softly, "It should be true!"
The old man was quite puzzled. "Why?"
Xuan Chu looked down and said, "He doesn't seem like someone who would lie!"
The old man was speechless.
Xuan Chu continued, "Should we go to the Dark World?"
The old man shook his head. "The Dark World isn't like the Fifth Dimension. It isn't that simple."
Xuan Chu gazed at the old man. "Wait?"
The old man thought for a moment and said, "Wait for me to investigate and understand the ins and outs of the matter!"
Xuan Chu nodded. "Alright!"
The old man glanced at Xuan Chu, hesitated for a moment, and said, "Little Girl, what do you think of Ye Xuan?"
Xuan Chu gazed at the old man. "Elder, why do you ask?"
The old man replied, "I'm just asking!"
Xuan Chu fell silent for a moment before he said, "He's a good person!"
The old man's face fell. "Little Girl, in my opinion, Ye Xuan might not be a good person. Moreover, he's quite flashy, so you have to be careful!"
Xuan Chu's expression was calm. "Elder, what are you trying to say?"
The old man hesitated for a moment before he said, "Little Girl, you're the most monstrous genius of my Whirling Sect, and you're the next Sect Master …. Of course, this doesn't mean that you have to be heartless. However, the person you choose must be a genius favored by the heavens. But this Ye Xuan …."
As he spoke, he shook his head. "Even though this Ye Xuan isn't particularly bad, he isn't worthy of you!"
Xuan Chu gazed at the old man. "Elder, aren't you overthinking things?"
The old man sighed in a low voice. "I'm not overthinking things. It's just that this Ye Xuan is clearly a playboy … No matter what, Xuan Chu should avoid interacting with him!"
Xuan Chu gazed down with a calm expression. "Elder, someone who was able to become a Daolord and manage the Fifth Dimension so well can't be too bad!"
As she spoke, she gazed at the old man. "Elder, don't judge a person from a one-sided perspective."
The old man laughed bitterly. "Little Girl, I'm not looking down on him. It's just that he's flashy, and he's … intentionally trying to curry favor with you. I think …."
Xuan Chu shook her head. "Elder, in your opinion, he's trying to curry favor with me. But in my opinion, he's a humble and low-profile person."
The old man was speechless.
Xuan Chu continued. "Elder, don't forget that he's a Swordsman!"
A Swordsman!
The old man fell silent.
Needless to say, this Swordsman wasn't quite like the Swordsman he'd imagined!
Right at this moment, a figure suddenly appeared in front of the old man and Xuan Chu.
It was Dark World's Lian Zun!
Lian Zun cupped his fists and smiled. "You two should be from the Whirling World, right?"
The old man looked at Lian Zun. "Dark World?"
Lian Zun smiled. "Yes!"
The old man was expressionless. "What's the matter?"
Lian Zun nodded. "Your Excellency, why don't we cooperate?"
The old man frowned. "Cooperate?"
Lian Zun smiled. "That Ye Xuan isn't simple. Not only does he have a mysterious expert behind him, but he also has a relationship with the Ancient God Abyss. Most importantly …"
The old man suddenly interrupted Lian Zun. "Isn't the Dao Scripture in your Dark World's hands?"
Lian Zun was stunned. "Who said that?"
The old man said. "Ye Xuan!"
Ye Xuan!
Lian Zun: "…"
The old man continued. "Why, isn't it in your Daoting hands?"
Lian Zun said in a deep voice. "To tell you the truth, my Dark World has two Dao Scriptures, and that Ye Xuan has six!"
The old man frowned. "He said you took them all!"
Lian Zun shook his head. "He's bullsh * tting!"
The old man's face darkened.
Ye Xuan was lying?
Xuan Chu suddenly said. "You're saying he has six Dao Scriptures?"
Lian Zun nodded. "Yes!"
Xuan Chu looked at Lian Zun. "Why didn't you take them?"
The old man looked at Xuan Chu. "Girl, this isn't the point. The point is that Ye Xuan is lying to us!"
Xuan Chu looked at the old man. "Why isn't Dark World lying to us?"
Old man: "…"
Lian Zun suddenly smiled. "Looks like you don't know much about this Ye Xuan. He's a famous liar. If you get to know him better, you'll know who's real and who's fake!"
Xuan Chu looked at Lian Zun. "If he has six Dao Scriptures, why didn't Dark World take them?"
Lian Zun smiled. "I told you!
This Ye Xuan isn't simple! "
Xuan Chu asked again. "You want to join forces with us to fight for the Dao Scriptures?"
Lian Zun nodded. "Yes!"
Xuan Chu asked. "What happens after we get the Dao Scriptures?"
Lian Zun smiled. "Why don't we talk about this after we get the Dao Scriptures?"
Xuan Chu didn't speak anymore. He looked at the old man.
The old man said after a moment of silence, "Sir, I don't know who is telling the truth between you and Ye Xuan. We'll look into it. As for the cooperation, let's not talk about it for now!"
With that, he left with Xuan Chu.
In the starry sky, Lian Zun was silent for a moment. He said softly, "Ye Xuan, can you be more shameless?
When did Dark World snatch your Dao Scriptures? "
....
Ancient God Abyss.
At the top of a pyramid, Su Zhe suddenly said, "Dark World might be up to something big recently!"
Beside Su Zhe, Su Ke asked in a low voice, "What do you mean?"
Su Zhe turned around and said, "Many powerful auras are coming out from Dark Abyss!"
Hearing this, Su Ke's face darkened. "Should we stop them?"
Su Zhe shook his head. "What for?"
Su Ke was puzzled. "Don't stop them?"
Su Zhe slowly closed his eyes. "Don't stop them!
Let them continue, the more they do, the better … "
Su Ke was speechless.
....
PS: Many readers have been saying that I'm a liar!
I just want to say that you've underestimated me!
What's a mere monthly ticket?
I don't want it!








Chapter 1415
Suke said solemnly, "You want to use the plain-dressed woman to destroy the Dark Abyss?"
Hearing this, Su Zhe opened his eyes. After a long moment of silence, he said softly, "We've been at a stalemate with the Dark Abyss for hundreds of thousands of years!
How many people have we lost in these hundreds of thousands of years? "
Su Ke was silent.
Su Zhe continued, "For the past hundreds of thousands of years, neither of us has been able to defeat the other. But now, it's time to end this long war!"
Suke asked solemnly, "Can that senior really destroy the Dark Abyss?"
Su Zhe looked up into the starry sky. "Forget about destroying the Dark Abyss, even if the Ancient God Abyss and the Dark Abyss were to join forces, we would still be no match for her!"
Su Ke's expression was grave. "Is he really that strong?"
Su Zhe's eyes were clouded with confusion, "You've never faced her before, you don't know how we feel when we face her!
This is despair, true despair! "
The strength of the plainly dressed woman caused him to feel despair!
At this time, Su Zhe suddenly laughed, "I never imagined that An Yuan would want to kill Ye Xuan. It seems like the heavens want An Yuan dead!"
Saying that, he looked at Su Ke. "You can contact that Young Master Ye and give him some help."
Su Ke nodded. "Understood!"
As if he'd thought of something, Su Ke said, "According to my knowledge, Lian Zun is investigating that woman in a plain dress!"
Su Zhe laughed, "Let him investigate!
They won't be able to find anything anyway! "
Currently, only the people from the Ancient God Abyss knew how strong the lady in the plain dress was. However, would the Ancient God Abyss tell An Yuan about it?
Of course not!
Suke continued, "And the Whirling World …"
Hearing this, Su Zhe fell silent.
Even the Ancient God Abyss had to take the Whirling World seriously!
After a while, Su Zhe said, "If Young Master Ye is in danger, protect him at all costs!"
Su Ke looked at Su Zhe, "At all costs?"
Su Zhe nodded. "At all costs!"
Su Ke was silent.
Su Zhe said, "This friend of Young Master Ye, my Ancient God Abyss is definitely going to befriend him!"
Su Ke: "…"
...
Somewhere in the starry sky, Lian Zun sat cross-legged in the starry sky. His entire being seemed to be one with the starry sky.
Next to him was a former Daofather.
At that moment, the Dao Ancestor had already recovered his body.
At this time, Lian Zun opened his eyes. He looked down at the Fifth Dimension and smiled. "Dao Ancestor, how do you feel now?"
The Dao Ancestor was expressionless and did not say anything.
Now that the Daoting had settled in the Fifth Dimension, how could he feel?
With the support of the Daoting Ancestor, no one in the Daoting World would recognize him as the Dao Ancestor anymore!
Lian Zun suddenly said, "Dao Ancestor, Daoting, you've investigated Ye Xuan before this. Do you know who that woman in a plain dress behind him is?"
The Dao Ancestor shook his head. "I don't know!"
Lian Zun frowned, "You don't know?"
The Dao Ancestor nodded. "This person is too mysterious. I only know that she usually only uses one sword to kill!"
One strike!
Lian Zun chuckled, "Interesting!"
The Dao Ancestor shook his head. "This woman's strength is most likely above Dao Attainment!"
Lian Zun said softly, "Above Dao Attainment … Can you be sure?"
The Dao Ancestor shook his head. "I'm not sure because I've never come into contact with this person before!"
After a moment of silence, Lian Zun said, "How do we find this person?"
The Dao Ancestor looked at Lian Zun. "You want to find her!"
Lian Zun stood up and looked down. "This person is Ye Xuan's Dao Protector. Naturally, I have to figure out her background and true strength. Otherwise, she will be like a thorn in my throat!"
Saying this, he looked at the Dao Ancestor. "How about it? Are you interested in meeting this person?"
The Dao Ancestor frowned. "Me?"
Lian Zun smiled. "Yes."
The Dao Ancestor was silent.
Lian Zun smiled. "With your strength, even if you can't defeat the opponent, it shouldn't be a problem for you to escape unscathed!
Of course, if you're afraid, it doesn't matter. I'll send someone else! "
The Dao Ancestor said calmly, "There's no need for someone else. I'll go myself!
I also want to see how strong this person is.
However, I don't know where this person is! "
Lian Zun said, "Didn't someone find her before you Daoting?"
The Dao Ancestor said in a deep voice, "That's because of their talent!
Now, both of them are dead! "
Lian Zun thought about it and said, "That's simple!"
As soon as he finished speaking, an old man suddenly appeared behind him.
The old man's attire was a little gaudy. His body was covered in copper coins. In his left hand, he held a long wooden staff and in his right hand, he held a tortoise shell.
Lian Zun smiled and said, "Master, thank you!"
The old man nodded slightly and slowly closed his eyes. Soon, the copper coins on his body began to tremble violently.
Seeing that, the Dao Ancestor frowned. "Is this a divination technique?"
Lian Zun smiled and said, "Yes!
However, it's not an ordinary divination technique. It's a divination technique from the Dark Sutra. "
Just as the Dao Ancestor was about to speak, the old man suddenly opened his eyes. He looked into the depths of the starry sky and frowned.
Lian Zun asked, "What's wrong?"
The former master said hoarsely, "It's in a very, very far place!"
The Dao Ancestor frowned slightly. "How far?"
The former master said in a low voice, "Extremely far!"
The Dao Ancestor looked at Lian Zun. Lian Zun said softly, "Very far … Isn't he Ye Xuan's Dao Protector?
Why is he so far away?
Or does the other party have a motive? "
The Dao Ancestor said in a low voice, "He might have a motive!"
As he spoke, he looked at the former master. "Can you catch up to this person?"
After a moment of silence, the former master said, "I can try!"
As he spoke, he opened his palm and a black copper coin appeared in his palm. He handed the copper coin to the Dao Ancestor. "This item will guide you!"
The Dao Ancestor nodded and took the copper coin. At that moment, Lian Zun suddenly said, "Dao Ancestor, the main purpose of finding this woman this time is to test her. If you can't defeat her, don't become enemies with her. Protecting yourself is the most important!"
The Dao Ancestor put away the copper coin and said calmly, "Don't worry. As long as I see this person, I'll know his strength!"
As he spoke, he paused for a moment and continued, "Even if I'm not her match, if I want to escape, she can't do anything to me. I still have that much confidence."
Lian Zun nodded. "No matter what, it's better to be careful!"
The Dao Ancestor nodded and did not say anything else. He turned around and left. Soon, he disappeared into the vast starry sky.
After the Dao Ancestor left, Lian Zun suddenly looked at the former master. "Is this trip ominous or auspicious?"
The former master was silent.
Lian Zun frowned slightly. "I don't know or can't say?"
The former master shook his head. "I don't know!"
As he spoke, he sighed softly. "I'm afraid this woman isn't that simple!"
Lian Zun asked. "What do you mean?"
The former master shook his head slightly. "When I was calculating this person, I always had a feeling of unease in my heart. I've never seen such a scene before!"
As he spoke, he raised his head and looked into the depths of the starry sky. There was a trace of worry in his eyes. "I'm afraid he'll be in trouble this time!"
He was in trouble!
Lian Zun raised his head and looked into the depths of the starry sky. He smiled and said, "I'm a little curious about how strong she is."
As he spoke, he seemed to have thought of something and shook his head with a smile. "Killing with only one sword … It sounds very powerful …"
With that, he turned around and left.
...
In the Five-Dimensional Universe.
In the Dao City, Ye Xuan was strolling leisurely on the streets with Nian Nian. In her left hand, she was holding a roasted fish and in her right hand, she was holding a stick of candied hawthorn!
Along the way, Nian Nian kept looking around curiously.
Ye Xuan looked at Nian Nian beside him and smiled. Actually, he didn't miss Nian to recover her memory so quickly because Nian Nian didn't have so many burdens now. She was very happy!
Of course, it would be a good thing if she could recover her memory!
At this moment, Nian Nian suddenly pulled Ye Xuan's hand and pointed to the noodle shop not far away.
Ye Xuan laughed. "Let's go!
Let's eat some noodles! "
Nian Nian quickly nodded.
After the two of them found a place to sit down, Ye Xuan looked at the boss in the distance and said with a smile, "Two bowls of noodles!"
In the distance, the boss smiled and said, "Alright!"
Soon, the waiter placed two bowls of noodles in front of the two of them.
Ye Xuan looked at the two bowls of noodles in front of him in silence.
At this moment, he thought of Ye Ling!
Ling 'er!
Where was she now?
At this moment, Nian Nian suddenly said, "What's wrong?"
Ye Xuan retracted his thoughts and said with a smile, "Nothing!
Let's eat some noodles! "
Nian Nian was about to speak when a woman suddenly walked to the side of the two of them.
It was Xuan Chu!
Xuan Chu directly sat next to Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan was stunned for a moment and then said with a smile, "Miss Xuan Chu!
We meet again! "
Xuan Chu looked at Ye Xuan. "The Dao Scripture is in your hands, right?"
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "It seems that Miss Xuan Chu has already come into contact with the Dark World!"
Xuan Chu was expressionless. "Why did you lie?"
Ye Xuan was silent.
Xuan Chu looked at Ye Xuan and asked again, "Why did you lie to me!?"
Ye Xuan smiled bitterly. "Miss Xuan Chu, if you were me, what would you do?"
Xuan Chu's expression was cold and she did not speak.
Ye Xuan said again, "You are so strong. If I did not use this method, would you and your elder let me go?
Definitely not! "
Xuan Chu said, "That Dao Scripture belongs to the Whirling Sect …"
Ye Xuan's lips curled up. "Are you sure?"
Xuan Chu frowned. "What do you mean?"
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "As far as I know, this Dao Scripture came from the Whirling World. However, it does not belong to the Whirling Sect, right?"
Xuan Chu shook her head. "You should know that it will only bring you endless trouble if you have it."
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Did you cooperate with the Dark World?"
Xuan Chu shook her head. "No!
However, the elder is very likely to cooperate with them. "
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Xuan Chu, why don't we cooperate?"
Xuan Chu looked at Ye Xuan. "We cooperate?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "We cooperate and deal with the Dark World together!"
Xuan Chu looked at Ye Xuan. "The elder will not cooperate with you!"
Ye Xuan was confused. "Why?"
Xuan Chu said, "Because you are weaker than the Dark World!"
Ye Xuan: "…"
Xuan Chu said again, "Moreover, you have more Dao Scriptures than the Dark World!"
Then, she paused and said, "Can I have a look at those Dao Scriptures?"
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Of course you can!"
After saying that, he waved his right hand and six Dao Scriptures appeared in front of Xuan Chu.
Xuan Chu was stunned. She just let him see it?
Xuan Chu looked at Ye Xuan. "Why do you trust me so much?"
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "I treat you as a friend!
Moreover, as the super monster of the Whirling World, you will not do such a despicable thing, right?
Of course, if you snatch it, then I, Ye Xuan, am blind. I will admit defeat! "
Xuan Chu was silent.
.....








Chapter 1416
Xuan Chu looked at Ye Xuan. "Are you trying to play tricks with me?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Miss Xuan Chu, are the Dao scriptures in front of you fake?"
Xuan Chu looked at the six Dao scriptures. After a while, she said softly, "They are real!"
Ye Xuan asked, "Then can you show me the Dao scriptures from the Whirling World?
Even if you're playing tricks! "
After a moment of silence, Xuan Chu lowered her head and said softly, "I'm sorry, I can't show them to you!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "It doesn't matter!
You can look at mine first! "
Xuan Chu hesitated and shook her head. She placed the six Dao scriptures back in front of Ye Xuan. "I'm not looking at them!"
With that, she stood up and left.
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Why aren't you looking at them?"
Xuan Chu stopped and looked at Ye Xuan. "The Whirling World's Dao scriptures are the sect's most precious treasures. Without the sect leader's permission, I can't show them to others!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Because you can't show them to me, you won't look at mine?"
Xuan Chu nodded.
Ye Xuan thought for a moment and said, "Aren't you curious about these Dao scriptures?"
Xuan Chu's expression was calm. "I'm curious, but I don't want to owe you anything!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "How about this? I'll show you these Dao scriptures, and then I'll ask you some questions.
Xuan Chu fell silent.
Ye Xuan smiled. "Don't worry, it won't be anything difficult for you!"
Xuan Chu nodded. "Sure!"
With that, she sat opposite Ye Xuan.
As if noticing something, she suddenly looked at Nian Nian. Nian Nian was holding a bowl and drinking soup. When she saw Xuan Chu looking at her, she hurriedly put down the bowl and grinned.
Xuan Chu hesitated for a moment and nodded slightly.
She knew Nian Nian's identity because she had investigated Ye Xuan and the Five-Dimensional Universe before coming here.
Nian Nian giggled. "Sister, do you want to eat noodles too?"
Xuan Chu shook her head. "No, you eat!"
Nian Nian nodded and continued eating her noodles.
Ye Xuan looked at Nian Nian and shook his head with a smile.
He realized that Nian Nian was a foodie!
Now, not only did she like to eat fish, but she also liked to eat tanghulu and all kinds of delicious food …
Xuan Chu picked up the Dao Scripture in front of Ye Xuan and read it. After some time, she looked at Ye Xuan. "Do you know the secret of the Dao Scripture?"
Ye Xuan felt a chill in his heart. Could it be that she knew about Dao scriptures and martial arts?
At this moment, Xuan Chu wanted to say something but hesitated.
Ye Xuan asked softly, "What are you trying to say?"
Xuan Chu thought for a moment and said, "Fine, I'll take it as returning the favor.
Every Dao scripture contained a Dao scripture martial art and Dao scripture mental cultivation method!
These martial arts and mental cultivation methods are currently the highest level of martial arts and mental cultivation methods known to us! "
Mental cultivation method!
Ye Xuan's expression turned cold.
He knew about Dao scriptures and martial arts, but he didn't know about this mental cultivation method.
At this moment, Ye Zhiming's voice suddenly sounded. "I don't know either!"
Ye Xuan nodded and said in his heart, "Of course I believe you, Zhiming!
It seems that this Dao scripture is not as simple as we thought! "
Xuan Chu placed the Dao scripture in front of Ye Xuan. "I've memorized the mental cultivation method and martial arts of these Dao scriptures …"
Then, she paused and said, "Two of the martial arts are very suitable for you. One is the Taoist fist and the Taoist body."
Ye Xuan was silent.
Xuan Chu looked at Ye Xuan. "You're very calm …"
Speaking of this, she narrowed her eyes slightly. "You've learned it!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "To tell you the truth, I've learned it."
Xuan Chu was silent.
Ye Xuan smiled. "Xuan Chu, you said that every Dao scripture has a mental cultivation method … I only know about Dao scriptures and martial arts, but I don't know about the mental cultivation method. Can you tell me?"
Xuan Chu was silent.
Ye Xuan was speechless. This guy, he was always silent.
Xuan Chu suddenly said, "Sure!"
Then, she pointed at Ye Xuan. A ray of white light entered between Ye Xuan's eyebrows. Soon, countless information flowed into Ye Xuan's mind.
The mental cultivation method of every Dao scripture!
Gradually, Ye Xuan's expression changed!
After learning about these mental cultivation methods, Ye Xuan realized that he was wrong!
Very wrong!
These Dao scriptures and martial arts were very powerful. However, without the help of mental cultivation methods, their power was only average. But with the help of mental cultivation methods, their power could truly destroy the world!
Just like his Taoist fist, if it had the help of mental cultivation methods, its power could at least be several times stronger!
At this moment, he realized how terrifying these Dao scriptures and mental cultivation methods were!
The mental cultivation method was the key!
And his Taoist body also had mental cultivation methods. If it was combined with mental cultivation methods …
At this moment, Ye Xuan was very excited!
Xuan Chu suddenly said, "Are you willing to give up these six Dao scriptures?"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Why do you ask this?"
Xuan Chu looked at Ye Xuan and said, "If you are willing to give up these six Dao scriptures, I can bring you to the Whirling Sect. With your talent, you will definitely be valued.
The stage there is bigger, and the cultivation resources here cannot be compared.
In addition, if you are willing to join the Whirling Sect, you can look at the last Dao scripture. "
Ye Xuan shook his head.
Xuan Chu said, "You refuse?"
Ye Xuan nodded and said with a smile, "Miss Xuan Chu, I want to protect this Fifth Dimension!"
Xuan Chu looked at Ye Xuan and said, "On the path of martial arts, there are too many obstacles. It is not a good thing!"
Ye Xuan suddenly asked, "Xuan Chu, do you have any friends?"
Xuan Chu was stunned and then shook her head. "No!"
Ye Xuan asked again, "What about your relatives?"
Xuan Chu said, "Only Master."
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "I feel that there are more important things in this world than the Martial Dao and the Sword Dao. That is friends and relatives!"
As he said this, he looked around and said with a smile, "This is the Fifth Dimension. This is my home."
Xuan Chu looked at Ye Xuan and said, "If you do not give up on these Dao scriptures, not only you, but the entire universe will be in danger!
This is because my Whirling Sect is not the only Whirling Sect in the Whirling World. There are other powerful forces.
If I am not wrong, these forces should already know that you have so many Dao scriptures. Before long, more and more experts from the Whirling World will come to this universe.
Moreover, you still have the Dark World as your enemy. Your situation will become worse and worse! "
Ye Xuan shook his head and smiled. "My situation has always been very bad!"
Xuan Chu was about to speak when Ye Xuan suddenly looked at Nian Nian and said with a smile, "Are you done eating?"
Nian Nian nodded and patted her stomach. She grinned and said, "I am so full!"
Ye Xuan laughed and said, "Let's go, I will take you to play!"
As he said this, he stretched out his hand. Nian Nian quickly grabbed his hand.
Ye Xuan looked at Xuan Chu and said with a smile, "Miss Xuan Chu, let's talk another day!"
Xuan Chu nodded slightly.
Ye Xuan pulled Nian Nian away.
After Ye Xuan and Nian Nian left, an old man appeared in front of Xuan Chu.
It was the old man from the Whirling World.
The old man said, "He is not willing to give up?"
Xuan Chu nodded.
The old man shook his head, "Those Dao scriptures are a disaster for him. This youth does not know how to choose!"
Xuan Chu said softly, "We have underestimated him!"
The old man looked at Xuan Chu, "What do you mean?"
Xuan Chu looked at the old man, "Elder, why does the Dark World want to ally with us?"
The old man frowned, "You are saying that the Dark World is afraid of Ye Xuan!"
Xuan Chu nodded, "The Dark World wants to ally with us because they want to use us!"
The old man said in a deep voice, "Indeed!"
Xuan Chu suddenly said, "Let's wait and see!"
The old man said in a deep voice, "Wait?"
Xuan Chu nodded, "We can only wait!
All he had to do was wait quietly!
We do not have any deep hatred with Ye Xuan. If we are not anxious, the other forces from the Whirling World and Dark World will be even more anxious. They will make the first move! "
The old man nodded slightly, "Alright!"
Speaking of this, he seemed to have thought of something and said, "Girl, Ye Xuan is a person with deep schemes. He showed you the Dao scriptures just now, that is definitely a trap!
You must not have any other thoughts! "
Xuan Chu looked at the old man, "What other thoughts?"
The old man smiled, "You know what I mean!"
Xuan Chu said softly, "What I see is a person who values friendship and righteousness!"
With that, he stood up and left.
In the same place, the old man's expression was extremely ugly. A moment later, he slammed his palm on the table. "Damn Ye Xuan!
Shameless! "
Boom!
The table shattered.
...
After returning to the Sword Hall, Ye Xuan was about to study the Dao scripture when Venerable Mi appeared beside him.
Ye Xuan looked at Venerable Mi, "What's the matter?"
Venerable Mi nodded, "Bai Dizi is back!"
Ye Xuan was struck dumb. Then he said, "You are back?"
Venerable Mi nodded, "Not alone!
He brought over 30 Great Dao Guardians!
Among them, there are 16 Dao Defense and 14 Dao Vindication.
Other than that, some who left the Daoting have all returned. "
Ye Xuan said softly, "This old man is quite capable!"
Venerable Mi added, "He has a suggestion."
Ye Xuan said, "Speak!"
Venerable Mi said, "Bai Dizi said that our biggest enemies now are the Dark Abyss and the Whirling World. The Dark Abyss is scarier than the Whirling World because they are united. The Whirling World is different. There are many forces there, each with their own ideas. We can form an alliance with some of the forces there.
In short, we have to delay until Miss Nian Nian recovers her memory and strength! "
Delay!
Ye Xuan was silent.
He really needed time now!
The more time, the better it was for him and the Fifth Dimension.
Venerable Mi said, "He also said that the Fifth Dimension looks safe now, but it is not. Because if the Dark Abyss wants to attack, it will not give the Fifth Dimension any chance.
For now, the Daoting and the Fifth Dimension together might not be able to defeat the Dark Abyss. "
Saying this, he looked at Ye Xuan, "He said that although the Dao Master is strong, he is only one person. Moreover, he has not reached the Dao Attainment State. Once the Dark Abyss or the Whirling World send experts above the Dao Attainment State, the Fifth Dimension will be very passive.
Therefore, we must delay until Miss Nian Nian recovers her memory and strength.
Moreover, he also told you to prepare for the worst. The Dark Abyss will most likely attack soon because the Dark Abyss does not dare to let Miss Nian Nian recover her memory and strength! "
After a moment of silence, Ye Xuan said softly, "I understand!"
At this time, Venerable Mi said, "Also, he made a decision on his own!"
Ye Xuan was a little puzzled, "What is it?"
Venerable Mi hesitated for a moment, then said: "He has already sent people to spread the news in the Fifth Dimension and the myriad worlds, saying that you are the son of the Ninth Dimension, and that you came to the Fifth Dimension to gain experience …"
Ye Xuan, "…"
...








Chapter 1417
Son of the Ninth Dimension!
Ye Xuan was speechless.
What was this old man Bai Dizi trying to do?
Venerable Mi said, "He's probably doing this to confuse our opponents!"
Ye Xuan smiled, "Let him be!"
He looked at Venerable Mi, "The Fifth Dimension might not be peaceful during this period of time. You have to keep an eye on it!"
Venerable Mi nodded, "Understood!"
With that, he quietly retreated.
Within the room, Ye Xuan sat cross-legged on the ground and started to study the Dao Scripture.
With this Dao Scripture, his Dao Sword and Dao Body would have a qualitative breakthrough!
Power!
Without power, everything was nonsense!
...
In the Fifth Dimension, Lian Zun looked down. Beside him was the Ancestor.
After a while, Lian Zun suddenly smiled, "If we make a move now, what are our chances of winning?"
The Ancestor shook his head, "Unknown!"
Lian Zun frowned, "Unknown?"
The Ancestor nodded, "I've calculated it, but the heavenly secrets here are illusory, especially that Ye Xuan. His fate cannot be determined!"
Lian Zun said softly, "So mysterious?"
The Ancestor nodded, "However, I suggest that we make a move as soon as possible!
Because this person is too monstrous, the longer we delay, the greater the price we will have to pay! "
Lian Zun was silent.
The Ancestor asked, "Are you worried about that plain-dressed girl?"
Lian Zun looked up into the depths of the starry sky, "I wonder about that plain-dressed girl!
That person's bloodline is not simple either!
I've never seen such a strange bloodline!
Other than that, don't forget that woman from the Sword Sect! "
Hearing this, the Ancestor's expression became solemn!
Situ Tingyun!
It was this woman that caused An Yuan to suffer heavy losses!
Lian Zun said, "I've already investigated. The Sword Sect below and Situ Tingyun's Sword Sect are in the Meridian Opening Realm … In other words, when we make a move, Situ Tingyun might also make a move!"
The Ancestor said solemnly, "But if we don't make a move now, once Mu Niannian recovers his memories and strength, then …"
Mu Niannian!
Hearing this, Lian Zun's expression turned solemn.
This woman had almost killed a Dao Ancestor with less than thirty percent of her strength. Most importantly, she had suppressed the entire Fifth Dimension by herself!
Conservatively speaking, this woman's strength was at least above the Dao Realm!
The previous master said solemnly, "No matter what, the longer we drag it out, the more disadvantageous it will be for us."
Lian Zun looked up towards the depths of the starry sky. "That Daofather should be finding that woman soon!"
The previous teacher asked, "What if that woman's strength exceeds our expectations?"
Lian Zun asked, "Is our Dark Abyss very weak?"
The previous teacher was silent.
Lian Zun said with a smile, "Whether it's Tingyun, Mu Niannian, or that woman in a plain dress, I only don't look down on them. I'm not afraid of them!
If it wasn't for the Ancient God Abyss, we would have destroyed them as well. "
The previous teacher hesitated for a moment before saying, "We still can't underestimate the enemy!"
Lian Zun slowly closed his eyes, "I won't underestimate the enemy, but I, the Dark Abyss, have never been afraid of anyone!"
Arrogant?
No, he was confident!
An Yuan had the capital to do so!
At this moment, Lian Zun suddenly asked, "Is there any movement from the Ancient God Abyss?"
The first teacher shook his head, "There's no movement!"
Lian Zun frowned. "Could it be that they aren't tempted by the Dao Scriptures?"
The previous master said solemnly, "It shouldn't be that he isn't tempted. He is probably observing in the dark and waiting for an opportunity."
After a moment of silence, Lian Zun said, "No matter what, let us know.
Keep an eye on them. "
The first master nodded, "Understood!"
Lian Zun looked down and chuckled, "Wait for the Dao Ancestor's news, then we will make our move!"
The previous teacher quietly retreated.
Lian Zun slowly closed his eyes and said softly, "Dao Ancestor should have found that woman by now …"
...
In the Five-Dimensional Universe.
Ten days later.
Ye Xuan walked out of the room and slowly closed his eyes. He operated the Dao Body Cultivation Method, and gradually, a mysterious aura appeared around his body!
Daoist Body Supreme Energy!
Ye Xuan glanced at the layer of Stellar Energy on his body. This layer of Stellar Energy was equivalent to a shield. If one wanted to hurt his body, they had to break through this layer of Stellar Energy first!
And the strength of this layer of Stellar Energy was dependent on his Dao Body!
In other words, the stronger his Dao Body was, the stronger this layer of Stellar Energy was!
Most importantly, as long as his body was not broken, he could continue to use this Stellar Energy!
Simply put, unless the opponent broke his Stellar Energy and body in an instant, he would be able to continuously use this Dao Body Supreme Energy!
As long as his Stellar Energy and body could not be broken in an instant, he was invincible!
It had to be said that even Ye Xuan felt that this Dao Scripture martial art and mental cultivation method was too abnormal!
Other than this Dao Body, the power of his Dao Sword had also been greatly enhanced, at least five times!
It could be said that the difference between this Dao Scripture martial art and the mental cultivation method was like heaven and earth!
Only with the assistance of the Dao Scripture martial art could it be considered a true Dao Scripture martial art!
At this moment, a woman suddenly appeared in front of Ye Xuan.
The person who came was an old acquaintance of his!
Ying Yaoyao!
Ye Xuan smiled, "Heavenly King, how have you been!"
Ying Yaoyao sized up Ye Xuan, "Your strength has increased again?"
Ye Xuan smiled, "You can say so!"
Ying Yaoyao glanced at Ye Xuan, "You are getting stronger by the day!"
Ye Xuan laughed, "Heavenly King, there must be something you need from me, right?"
Ying Yaoyao looked at Ye Xuan, "From what we know, the Dark Abyss might be making a move!"
The Dark Abyss!
Ye Xuan's smile gradually disappeared, "Do you know how many people they have?"
Ying Yaoyao shook her head, "Nothing."
Ye Xuan was silent.
Chi Yaoyao continued, "In any case, you have to be careful!
The Dark Abyss is not like Daoting, if they want to make a move, they will definitely be prepared for everything.
In other words, once they make a move, they might not give you any chance! "
Ye Xuan nodded, "Thank you for the reminder!"
Ying Yaoyao asked, "Have you come into contact with the Whirling World?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Yes, I have!"
Chi Yaoyao said, "But you still have to be careful of them!
They haven't made a move yet, probably waiting for the Dark Abyss to make a move. "
Ye Xuan nodded, "I know!"
Ying Yaoyao hesitated, then asked, "When will Miss Nian Nian regain her memory?"
Ye Xuan smiled bitterly, "I don't know!"
Ying Yaoyao looked at Ye Xuan, not saying anything.
Ye Xuan said again, "I really don't know!"
Nian Nian showed no signs of regaining her memory.
Ying Yaoyao sighed softly, "I thought things would come to an end after the Daoting incident, but now the Whirling Sect and the Dark Abyss have appeared …"
With that, she glanced at Ye Xuan, "Take care!"
With that, she turned and left.
Ye Xuan was silent where he was.
At this moment, Nian Nian appeared beside Ye Xuan. She gently held Ye Xuan's hand, "Is it because of me?"
Ye Xuan shook his head, "It's not because of you, it's because of me."
Nian Nian tilted her head and looked at Ye Xuan, "Why?
Why? "
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Because I have some good stuff that they all want!"
Nian Nian frowned slightly, "Why?"
Ye Xuan thought for a moment, then said, "Maybe I look easy to bully!"
Nian Nian blurted out, "I'll protect you!"
With that, she was stunned.
Ye Xuan was also stunned. She looked at Nian Nian, "Nian Nian … You …"
Nian Nian was a little confused, "I …"
Ye Xuan hurriedly said, "Did you remember something?"
Nian Nian shook her head, "No!
I … I don't know what happened to me just now. "
Ye Xuan gently rubbed Nian Nian's little head, smiled, "It's fine, it's fine. Let's go, I'll take you to roast fish!"
Hearing this, Nian Nian's eyes lit up, "Okay!"
Ye Xuan laughed, he took Nian Nian's hand and walked into the distance.
Behind the two of them was Venerated Mi.
At this moment, an old man appeared beside Venerated Mi, it was Bai Dizi.
Bai Dizi said softly, "Are you worried?"
Venerated Mi nodded, "But I don't think Dao Master is worried at all!"
Bai Dizi said, "He's not worried, he should have a plan to deal with it!"
Venerated Mi shook his head, "Recently, there have been some mysterious auras appearing in the Fifth Dimension, some of them are so powerful … I'm afraid they've already surpassed Dao Attainment!"
Bai Dizi was silent.
Venerated Mi sighed, "Those six scrolls of Dao Scriptures are really a disaster!"
Bai Dizi glanced at Venerated Mi, "Do you think if we hand them over, An Yuan will let him and the Fifth Dimension go?"
Venerated Mi frowned, "Why not?
Isn't their goal the six scrolls of Dao Scriptures? "
Bai Dizi looked at Venerated Mi, "If you were An Yuan, after snatching Ye Xuan's six scrolls of Dao Scriptures, would you still let him and Mu Niannian live?"
Venerated Mi was silent.
Definitely not!
Because if these two were alive, they would pose too great of a threat!
Thinking of this, Venerated Mi sighed.
Bai Dizi continued, "Whether it's An Yuan or Whirling Sect, they won't let Ye Xuan and Mu Niannian live, just like us!
If we don't kill Ye Xuan and Mu Niannian, once Ye Xuan grows up, or Mu Niannian recovers his memory and strength … At that time, who can withstand their revenge? "
Saying this, he looked at Ye Xuan and Nian Nian in the distance, whispering, "I've dealt with him so many times. This guy is very sinister, let's wait and see!"
Venerated Mi nodded, "That's the only way!"
Bai Dizi said, "I'm going to find Zhen Wu!"
Venerated Mi frowned, "Will he come back?"
Bai Dizi whispered, "I'll try my best to persuade him to come back!"
Saying this, he turned and disappeared into the horizon.
...
Somewhere in the starry sky, Dao Ancestor flew through the sky, his speed reaching the extreme. Wherever he passed, the starry sky trembled.
Looking for the plain-dressed woman!
In fact, he had long wanted to see who this woman was!
Because this woman was too mysterious!
She only needed one sword to kill!
This was the result of their investigation. Other than this, there was no other information!
How strong was she?
No one knew!
But Dao Ancestor knew, he would know soon!
At this moment, Dao Ancestor suddenly looked into the distance, his eyes narrowed, "I finally found you!
Let me see if you can kill me with one sword! "
Saying this, his speed suddenly increased.
.....
PS: Vote?








Chapter 1418
In the endless starry sky, the stars shone brightly, mysterious and tranquil.
How big was the universe?
No one knew!
Even the plain-dressed woman did not know.
She walked from the third dimension to the fifth dimension, but there was still no end to the starry sky.
The starry sky was the same as the path of martial arts. There was no end, and no one knew where it ended!
The vast universe was endless.
The plain-dressed woman walked slowly. She walked very slowly because she could not completely sense that person. To be precise, it was the source of the calamity.
Fate!
Everyone in the world was studying fate, including the owner of the Dao Scripture, but had fate really been studied?
Man conquers nature?
Many people were strong enough to change their fate, but who could be sure that the fate you changed was not your true fate?
In fact, she had tried to forcefully cut off the cause of the calamity on Ye Xuan's body. With her strength, it was not difficult at all to cut off the cause of the calamity. Just one sword was enough.
But she gave up in the end.
Because she realized that if she cut off the cause of the calamity, Ye Xuan would die.
There was only one explanation!
This cause of the calamity had a lot to do with Ye Xuan himself!
Fate was like an invisible hand that controlled everything in the dark.
Her goal was to find out who this giant hand belonged to, find it, and then kill it.
At this moment, a voice came from behind the plain-dressed woman, "I finally found you!"
The plain-dressed woman stopped in her tracks. A man suddenly appeared a hundred feet in front of her.
Dao Ancestor!
The Dao Ancestor looked at the plain-dressed woman and smiled, "It was not easy to find you!"
The plain-dressed woman looked at the Dao Ancestor and did not speak.
The Dao Ancestor chuckled, "I only came this time for one purpose, and that is to see how strong you are!"
"How strong?"
The plain-dressed woman said softly, "You want to know how strong I am?"
The Dao Ancestor looked at the plain-dressed woman, "Yes!"
The plain-dressed woman shook her head, "You will be disappointed!"
The Dao Ancestor frowned slightly, "What do you mean?"
The plain-dressed woman walked towards the Dao Ancestor, "I don't know myself, so how would you know?"
As the voice fell, the plain-dressed woman had already appeared tens of thousands of feet behind the Dao Ancestor.
In the same place, the Dao Ancestor looked into the distance, his eyes empty.
In between his eyebrows, there was a small sword hole!
The plain-dressed woman drew her sword!
She drew her sword!
However, he did not know when she had struck!
When did she do it?
Of course, this was not the main point!
Most importantly, his Daofather was dead!
Moreover, the woman in the plain dress had only used one sword strike!
Even at that moment, the Dao Ancestor still did not know how strong the woman in the plain dress was.
Because she only used one sword!
In the starry sky, the body of the Dao Ancestor became more and more illusory.
He knew that he was going to disappear completely.
At that moment, the Dao Ancestor suddenly smiled.
What are you laughing at?
He laughed at himself for being a frog in a well!
Before coming here, he felt that even if he wasn't a match for the woman in a plain dress, it wouldn't be a problem for him to escape unscathed.
However, only now did he realize how childish his thoughts were!
All this while, whether it was Daoting or An Yuan, they had both placed great importance on the plain-dressed lady. However, at this moment, he realized that they had underestimated her!
Great contempt!
When they faced the plain-dressed lady, they thought that she was at most at the Attainment of Dao. That was because the Attainment of Dao was already the highest realm they could come into contact with.
However, at that moment, he suddenly understood that the woman in the plain dress might be so strong that it was beyond their understanding.
It was very stupid to use their eyes and knowledge to measure the woman in the plain dress. Because no matter how much they valued her, they were actually underestimating her.
She was already so strong that it was beyond their understanding!
He only understood this at the moment of his death!
Apart from that, he also understood why no one knew how terrifying the woman in the plain dress was. It was because those who had seen her might have already died!
As if he thought of something, he said softly, "Ye Xuan … You have such a strong backing, why don't you say it … Isn't this harming others …"
As he said that, he opened his palm and a copper coin slowly floated up.
Soon, a voice rang out in the starry sky. "The woman in the plain dress … isn't that strong …"
This sentence disappeared in the starry sky along with the copper coin. The Dao Ancestor also disappeared along with it.
If he couldn't take revenge, then he would drag a few more people to be buried with him!
He also wanted to drag Ye Xuan to be buried with him, but his strength didn't allow him to!
Since he couldn't drag Ye Xuan to be buried with him, then he could drag others …
...
In the distance, the woman in the plain dress continued to move forward.
To her, what happened just now was just a small interlude. She didn't take it to heart at all.
After an unknown amount of time, the woman in the plain dress suddenly stopped. Not far in front of her, there was a huge city wall. This city wall spanned tens of thousands of miles across the starry sky, almost separating the entire starry sky.
On these city walls, there were statues holding long spears.
Behind the city wall, it was hazy and nothing could be seen.
The woman in the plain dress did not stop and continued to move forward.
Soon, the woman in the plain dress arrived at the city gate. The city gate was open and there was no one guarding it.
The woman in the plain dress continued to move forward. At this moment, a voice floated out from the city gate. "One more step and you will die!"
The woman in the plain dress glanced at the city gate. "You're begging for death!"
After saying that, she had already entered the city gate … A moment later, a bloody head rolled out of the city gate …
Inside the city gate, an angry shout suddenly rang out. "Who are you!?"
There was no response, but another head rolled out of the city gate.
Soon, a powerful aura suddenly shot into the sky from within the city gate. Following that, an ancient voice came from within the city gate, "Who are you … How dare you invade my Xuan City …"
Before the voice faded, another head rolled out from within the city gate.
At this moment, a voice rang out from within the city gate. "Senior, my Xuan City's words just now have offended you. Please forgive me …"
This time, no head rolled out from within the city gate.
A moment later, an incomparably respectful voice rang out from within the city gate. "We respectfully send off senior … Senior, take care …"
...
In the Five-Dimensional Universe.
In the starry sky, the previous master beside Lian Zun suddenly opened his eyes. In the next moment, a copper coin appeared in front of him.
Lian Zun looked at the previous master. "There's news?"
The previous master said softly, "The Dao Ancestor is dead!"
Dead!
Lian Zun frowned slightly. "Did he say anything?"
The previous master said solemnly, "He said that the woman in the plain dress is not that strong!"
Not that strong!
Lian Zun said softly, "Looks like he fought with the woman in the plain dress!"
The previous master was silent.
Lian Zun continued, "Looks like this woman in the plain dress will at most achieve the Dao!
If that's the case, then there's nothing to be afraid of! "
The previous master shook his head. "I still feel that this matter is not simple!"
Lian Zun looked at the previous master. "What do you mean?"
The previous master said solemnly, "I can't say for sure, but I have a bad feeling!"
After a moment of silence, Lian Zun shook his head. "No matter what, it's time to make a move."
As he said that, he looked down at the Five-Dimensional Universe. "If we continue to wait, once that Mu Niannian recovers his memories and strength, it will be troublesome!"
The previous master did not say anything. He raised his head and looked into the depths of the starry sky. He wanted to sense the woman in the plain dress, but he could not sense her at all!
As if he had thought of something, he took out the tortoise shell to make a divination. However, he could not calculate anything!
Lian Zun laughed. "Don't think too much!
As long as she doesn't surpass that level, we can deal with her. "
As he said that, he turned around and opened his palm. A black seal suddenly flew out. In the next moment, the seal directly turned into a pitch-black door. The door stood in the starry sky, and inside the door was a black whirlpool!
A moment later, the space inside the door suddenly trembled. Not long later, a thousand experts with spears and black shields walked out!
Underworld Army!
Among these thousand people, the lowest was at the Dao Validation Realm, and the equipment they were wearing were all top-notch equipment!
Other than these thousand people, there were six black-robed elders beside Lian Zun.
Six Dao Attainment Realm experts!
Including Lian Zun and the previous master, there were a total of eight Dao Attainment Realm experts!
Lian Zun suddenly laughed. "Let's go meet this Young Master Ye!"
After saying that, he disappeared.
Below, in the Five-Dimensional Universe, Ye Xuan, who was playing with Nian Nian, suddenly raised his head. After a moment of silence, he looked down at Nian Nian and said with a smile, "You play by yourself, I have something to do!"
Nian Nian gazed at Ye Xuan. "Alright!"
Ye Xuan grinned and was about to leave when Nian Nian suddenly grabbed his hand.
Ye Xuan looked at Nian Nian and smiled. "What's wrong?"
Nian Nian hesitated for a moment and said, "I'll wait for you!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Alright!"
Nian Nian gazed at Ye Xuan. "Don't lie to me!"
Ye Xuan roared with laughter. "I definitely won't lie to you!"
As he spoke, he rubbed Nian Nian's little head lightly, and then he transformed into a ray of light that shot into the sky.
In the sky above Dao City, a ray of light descended in front of Lian Zun, and then it dispersed to reveal Ye Xuan's figure.
Lian Zun smiled. "Ye Xuan, we meet again!"
Ye Xuan grinned. "What's your name?"
Lian Zun smiled. "You can call me Lian Zun!"
Ye Xuan thought for a moment and said, "There doesn't seem to be any deep enmity between me and An Yuan!"
Lian Zun nodded. "Indeed!
However, we've taken a liking to the Daoist Scriptures in your possession!
So, can you give us those scrolls of Dao Scriptures? "
Ye Xuan smiled. "I, Ye Xuan, have always been very generous to my loved ones. Why don't you become one of my loved ones?
In that case, I'll give the Daoist Scriptures to you! "
Lian Zun frowned slightly. "Become one of your loved ones?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes!
I'll take you as my son. In that way, aren't we family?
Since we're family, then what harm is there in giving them to you? "
Lian Zun's expression instantly turned cold. "Ye Xuan, do you only know how to use words?"
Ye Xuan chuckled. "You want the Daoist Scriptures yet aren't willing to be my son. Since you're not my son, then why should I give them to you?"
Lian Zun gazed at Ye Xuan. "Kill!"
Meanwhile, Ye Xuan suddenly opened his palm, and a sword appeared there. He roared with laughter, "Lian Zun, why don't we have a fight first?"
Lian Zun chuckled, "I have the advantage in numbers. Why should I fight you in a one on one battle?"
As he spoke, he looked down and his gaze fell on Nian Nian, who was on the street below. "Kill her!"
The true source of his fear was Mu Niannian!
When he heard Lian Zun, an old man at the Dao Attainment Realm charged towards Mu Niannian!
Suddenly, a ray of light appeared in front of the old man.
The old man frowned slightly, and then he raised his fist and swung it.
Bang!
The ray of light didn't shatter, but the old man was pushed over 30m back!
Lian Zun frowned when he witnessed this scene.
Ye Xuan's strength had exceeded his expectations!
Suddenly, Ye Xuan appeared in front of Lian Zun, and then he swung his sword.
Lian Zun's eyes narrowed slightly. Ye Xuan intends to kill me first. But is that even possible?
Suddenly, Lian Zun's expression changed drastically. Because an enormous Tai Chi diagram had suddenly appeared beneath Ye Xuan's feet!
Along with the appearance of the Tai Chi diagram, his cultivation had been forcefully suppressed from the peak of the Dao Attainment Realm to the Dao Control Realm!
He'd been directly suppressed by an entire realm!
Moreover, Lian Zun possessed four Domains!
Four Domains!
Moreover, Ye Xuan's attack was a Dao Sword, a strengthened version of the Dao Sword!
In an instant, Ye Xuan had practically utilized all his trump cards!
At this moment, terror appeared in Lian Zun's eyes. He hadn't expected that Ye Xuan would become so terrifying in an instant. He didn't give it any further thought. He'd lost the initiative, so he didn't even have a chance to dodge. He could only defend passively!
Lian Zun suddenly raised his arms, and a powerful force swept out from within him!
Bang!
Everyone watched as Ye Xuan's sword descended.
Bang!
Lian Zun's body was blasted into pieces!
Lian Zun's soul was about to flee. Meanwhile, Ye Xuan swung his sword with his left hand, and it struck Lian Zun's head. In an instant, Lian Zun's soul was absorbed!
It was an instant kill!
Ye Xuan sheathed his sword, and then he glanced at the dumbstruck crowd, "That's it?
I didn't even get to attack, and he fell! "
Everyone was speechless.
....








Chapter 1419
Silence!
Deathly silence!
No one expected Ye Xuan to kill Lian Zun in seconds!
Lian Zun was at the peak of the Dao Attainment Realm!
Let alone the Dark Abyss experts, even Venerable Mi and the rest on Ye Xuan's side were shocked.
Ye Xuan killed a Dao Attainment Realm expert in seconds!
This was too exaggerated!
In fact, even Ye Xuan himself was shocked!
His goal just now was to heavily injure Lian Zun, but he didn't expect to kill him instead!
Only now did he realize that he had underestimated his own strength all along!
It should be said that he underestimated the power of the Dao seal and Dao scripture!
The main reason he could kill Lian Zun in seconds was because of the Dao seal and Dao scripture!
One must know that the Dao seal not only brought him infinitely close to the Dao Attainment Realm, it also suppressed Lian Zun to the Dao Controlling Realm. Lian Zun no longer had an advantage in terms of cultivation realm!
Coupled with the suppression of his four domains and the element of surprise, Lian Zun was killed!
Ye Xuan collected his thoughts and looked at the Dark Abyss experts, "You guys don't really think I'm weak, do you?"
The ancestor stared at Ye Xuan, "Retreat!"
Retreat!
He now understood that the Dark Abyss had severely underestimated Ye Xuan's strength!
Ye Xuan's cultivation realm did not match his battle power!
"Retreat?"
Ye Xuan's lips curled up, "Do you think this is your home?
You can come and go as you please! "
With that, he drew his sword and charged out.
Venerable Mi and the rest also made their move!
Although the Fifth Dimension had fewer Dao Attainment Realm experts than the Dark Abyss, at this moment, the Fifth Dimension's momentum was like a rainbow!
In terms of momentum, the Fifth Dimension had crushed the Dark Abyss!
Ye Xuan had killed Lian Zun in seconds!
Not to mention the others, even Venerable Mi's confidence soared!
The ancestor did not choose to continue fighting, but retreated to the black door behind him!
Just as the ancestor and the rest were about to retreat, ten powerful auras suddenly appeared in front of the black door!
The one leading them was Su Ke!
In fact, when the Dark World came to the Fifth Dimension, he had been secretly preparing to act at any time!
Su Zhe had given a strict order to not let anything happen to Ye Xuan. However, he had not expected Ye Xuan to kill Lian Zun in a second!
In fact, at that moment, even he himself was stunned!
Did this Young Master Ye take medicine?
He actually became so ferocious!
Amidst his shock, he saw that his teacher and the others were about to retreat. At this time, he no longer remained silent and decisively chose to attack!
If the Ancestor and the others could die here, it would be a great thing for the Ancient God Abyss!
Seeing Su Ke and the others appear, the ancestor's face changed. "Ancient God Abyss, you …"
He did not expect the Ancient God Abyss to hit him when he was down!
Su Ke did not care about the previous teacher, and directly brought the nine people behind him and rushed forward!
Seeing the appearance of Su Ke and the others, Ye Xuan was stunned. He knew Su Ke, but he didn't know the people behind him. This wasn't the main point, the main point was, why would these people come to help him?
Could it be that her charm was too great?
....
On the other side, Xuan Chu and the old man beside her quietly watched as Ye Xuan and the others surrounded and killed the experts from the Dark Abyss.
Actually, both of them were extremely shocked at this moment.
Ye Xuan had just killed a Dao Attainment Realm expert in a second!
It was an instant kill!
Although he had used external items, it was still too terrifying!
Xuan Chu said softly, "We underestimated him!"
The old man was silent.
This was a serious underestimation!
Xuan Chu looked at Su Ke and the others. "These people should be from the Ancient God Abyss!
It seems that the Ancient God Abyss has chosen to stand on Ye Xuan's side! "
The old man said, "The Ancient God Abyss and the Dark Abyss are mortal enemies. It is not surprising that they would help Ye Xuan!"
Xuan Chu looked into the distance and did not speak.
The old man sighed softly.
This Ye Xuan was too good at pretending to be a pig to eat a tiger!
When the two of them went to see Ye Xuan, this guy kept showing weakness!
Too cunning!
On the other side, the Lord and the others were also there.
At this moment, the Lord and the others had extremely solemn expressions.
They had to admit that Ye Xuan's instant kill of a Dao Attainment Realm expert had shocked them!
That was the peak of the Dao Attainment Realm!
He had been instantly killed!
At this moment, the Lord suddenly said, "That is the Dao Seal, a treasure of the Daoting Realm. It used to Daoting our ancestors.
Not only can it increase the owner's strength, but it can also suppress the opponent's realm! "
When he spoke up to here, he paused for a moment and said, "But even then, it's still a bit too exaggerated!"
Yan Yaoyao looked at Ye Xuan in the distance. "It seems that we have not truly understood him!"
The Lord smiled and said, "He has indeed been giving us surprises!"
Luo Hou suddenly said, "Should we help him now?"
The Lord shook his head. "There is no point in helping him now."
Luo Hou was silent.
He naturally understood what the Lord meant. If they wanted to help, they should help first. If they helped now, they would not be sincere!
The Lord looked at Ye Xuan in the distance and smiled. "He does not need our help!"
As he said this, he seemed to have noticed something and frowned. "His sword …"
Everyone looked at Ye Xuan in the distance. At this moment, the sword in Ye Xuan's hand was constantly devouring the souls of the Dark Abyss experts!
At this moment, including the previous Lian Zun, the Soul Suppressing Sword had already absorbed the souls of four Dao Attainment Realm experts!
The rest of the Dao Attainment Realm experts were countless!
The Lord's expression was a little solemn. "This sword has probably broken through again!"
...
About an hour later, the battle ended!
The late master brought a few Dao Attainment experts and escaped, but the rest were all killed!
One should know that the Ancient God Abyss, including the Daoting, had a total of 13 Dao Attainment Realm experts!
Not far away, Ye Xuan put away his sword and walked in front of Su Ke. He smiled. "Senior, we meet again!"
Su Ke smiled. "A scholar has been separated for three days. My young friend is no longer the young friend from before!"
In fact, his heart was rather complicated. When he first met Ye Xuan, he still had the ability to kill Ye Xuan. But now, Ye Xuan already had the ability to kill him!
This speed of improvement was simply unimaginable!
Ye Xuan glanced at the people behind Su Ke and said, "Senior, you are from the Ancient God Abyss?"
Su Ke nodded. "Yes!"
Ye Xuan looked at Su Ke. "Senior, why did you help me?"
Su Ke hesitated and said, "We are mortal enemies with the Dark Abyss. The enemies of the Dark Abyss are the friends of the Ancient God Abyss!"
Ye Xuan said, "Is that all?"
Su Ke smiled. "My young friend, don't worry. The Ancient God Abyss has no ill intentions towards you."
Ye Xuan smiled. "Senior, you must be joking!
No matter what, thank you for your help just now. I, Ye Xuan, am eternally grateful! "
Su Ke said in a low voice, "My young friend, the Dark Abyss has failed this time. They will definitely not give up!
And this force is extremely powerful. You must be careful! "
He paused and said, "During this period of time, the ten of us will stay in the Fifth Dimension to prevent the Dark Abyss from launching a sneak attack!"
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment and said, "You will stay in the Fifth Dimension to protect me?"
Su Ke asked, "Is there a problem?"
Ye Xuan looked at Su Ke. "Why?"
Su Ke thought for a moment and said, "We want to be friends with you!"
Ye Xuan's expression was slightly strange. Is my charm really that great?
At this time, Su Ke suddenly smiled bitterly. "My young friend, to tell you the truth, the reason we came to the Fifth Dimension is related to the senior behind you!"
The senior behind me?
Ye Xuan was struck dumb. Then he said, "Qing-er?"
Su Ke was surprised. "The senior in the plain dress?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes!"
Su Ke looked at Ye Xuan. "I wonder what is the relationship between you two!"
Ye Xuan said, "I am her brother!"
Su Ke's expression was a bit strange. This younger sister is much stronger than her brother!
Although Ye Xuan is also strong, he is still not strong enough compared to the plain-dressed girl!
Ye Xuan sighed with emotion. Qing 'er!
In fact, he really wanted to see Qing 'er, but he didn't know where she was now!
At this time, a sword cry suddenly came from the side.
Ye Xuan turned his head and saw that the sword cry was from the Soul Suppressing Sword!
After absorbing so many souls, the Soul Suppressing Sword's aura was crazily rising!
Seeing this scene, Ye Xuan was happy. The Soul Suppressing Sword is about to break through!
As if thinking of something, Ye Xuan directly stored the Soul Suppressing Sword into the Prison Pagoda.
It's better to break through in the pagoda!
After that, Ye Xuan put away the equipment of the experts from the Dark Abyss. All of them were the best of the best. Even though they couldn't compare to the treasures of the Jia Long Clan, they were still top grade!
At this time, Su Ke suddenly said, "Little friend, I will leave first!
You must be careful during this period of time!
That Dark Abyss is not a good person. You must not underestimate it! "
Ye Xuan nodded. "Understood!
Thank you for your help, Senior! "
Su Ke smiled. "You are too polite!
From today onwards, my Ancient God Abyss and the Fifth Dimension are allies! "
As he said that, he specially looked at Xuan Chu and Su Ke.
Ye Xuan felt a little emotional. He naturally knew that the reason why the Ancient God Abyss was so friendly to him was because of Qing 'er!
Needless to say, Qing 'er must have been to the Ancient God Abyss!
He just didn't know if the Ancient God Abyss was beaten …
He knew that Qing 'er's temper was not very good.
Su Ke didn't say anything else. He turned around and left.
As for the 10 Dao Realm experts he brought with him, they stayed in the Fifth Dimension!
Ye Xuan looked at Venerable Mi. "Senior Mi, clean up the battlefield!"
Venerable Mi nodded. "Alright!"
Ye Xuan turned around and left.
Everyone looked at each other. They hadn't expected the matter to end just like that!
On the other side, Xuan Chu said softly, "Looks like the Ancient God Abyss didn't become friends with Ye Xuan because they are mortal enemies with the Dark Abyss!"
The old man fell silent.
At this moment, he realized that the matter was getting more and more troublesome!
Xuan Chu suddenly looked down. "The Dark Abyss will definitely not give up!
Let us wait and see! "
As she spoke, she paused for a moment and said, "Elder, send an order to my Master. Ask her to come here!"
The old man was stunned, and then he said, "This … why?"
Xuan Chu looked at the old man. "The two of us can't hold this place down!"
The old man. "…"
...
Below, Ye Xuan arrived on the street. As soon as he landed, Nian Nian threw herself into his arms. She hugged Ye Xuan tightly as if she was afraid that Ye Xuan would lose her …
Ye Xuan was about to speak when Nian Nian suddenly looked up at Ye Xuan. At some point, her face was covered in tears.
Ye Xuan felt an indescribable pain in his heart. He hurriedly said, "Don't cry!
Who bullied you! "
Nian Nian looked at Ye Xuan as her tears flowed uncontrollably. "Am I very useless?
I can't help you at all … "
Ye Xuan was about to speak when the space beside him suddenly split open. A moment later, a figure floated out!
Ye Xuan's expression changed drastically when he saw this. He suddenly drew his sword and slashed.
The sword slashed down!
Chi!
The sword slashed through the air!
Ye Xuan was alarmed. He activated his Dao Seal and was about to attack again when the figure had already retreated a hundred feet away. At the same time, Nian Nian was beside him.
Above the Dao Attainment Realm!
Ye Xuan's expression instantly turned ferocious. The figure suddenly grabbed Nian Nian's shoulder with his right hand. "If you want to save her, bring the six Dao Scriptures to the mortal world. Come alone!
If you don't come within two hours, her soul will be destroyed! "
With that, he and Mu Niannian disappeared.
At this moment, Nian Nian's weak voice came from afar. "Don't … Come …"
In the same place, Ye Xuan held the sword in his right hand tightly. His entire body emitted an extremely terrifying killing intent and hostility.
...
PS: Now that Qing Luan is in my hands, if you want to save her, give me the ticket. If not, I'll kill her!
Do as you see fit!








Chapter 1420
Venerated Mi and the others appeared the moment the figure and Nian Nian vanished.
Venerated Mi and the others' expressions darkened when they saw Nian Nian being taken away!
They hadn't expected An Yuan to send an expert above the Dao Realm!
Meanwhile, Su Ke suddenly appeared with an old man by his side. It was Su Zhe.
Su Zhe looked at Ye Xuan and hesitated for a moment before he said, "My friend, I'm sorry. The Old Man is late!"
Actually, Su Ke had gone back to invite Su Zhe over!
He knew that An Yuan would never let the matter rest, and if An Yuan wanted to make a move, he would definitely send an expert above the Dao Realm!
Because an expert at the Dao Realm was no longer a threat to Ye Xuan!
Therefore, he had decided to invite Su Zhe over. However, he hadn't expected An Yuan to act so quickly!
Ye Xuan took a deep breath and looked at Su Zhe, "Senior, where is the Milky Way?"
Su Zhe hesitated for a moment before he said, "It's a very dangerous place!
It's a forbidden place because anyone who steps into the Mortal World will have their cultivation sealed and become a mortal! "
Ye Xuan looked at Su Zhe, "How do I get there?"
Su Zhe said solemnly, "My friend, you'd better not go!
Because your cultivation will be sealed and you will become a mortal.
However, An Yuan won't do that!
Because the Mortal World was created by the owner of the Dark Scripture. Anyone who cultivates the Dark Scripture will not be suppressed by the Dark Dao Laws there.
The reason he wants you to go there is because he knows that he can't kill you in the outside world. However, if you go there, we … "
Ye Xuan closed his eyes slowly, "Senior, just tell me how to get there!"
Su Zhe wanted to persuade him but Ye Xuan suddenly opened his eyes. His eyes were bloodshot!
The power of his bloodline was surging!
Su Zhe was shocked. Ye Xuan's bloodline was actually so powerful!
After a while, Su Ke sighed softly and pointed with his finger. A ray of white light entered between Ye Xuan's brows.
Just as Ye Xuan was about to disappear, a voice came from the side, "Remember to come back!"
The one who spoke was Zhang Wenxiu.
Ye Xuan disappeared into the horizon.
Zhang Wenxiu looked at the sword ray in the horizon and a voice floated over, "I'll try my best!"
Try my best!
Zhang Wenxiu was stunned.
Su Ke looked at Su Zhe, "We …"
Su Zhe shook his head, "There's no other way!"
Su Zhe said, "There's no other way!
It was not because he, the Dark scripture master was because he was the disciple of the Dao Scripture's disciple.
One had to know that the owner of the Dark Scripture was the disciple of the Dao Scripture's owner. He created the Dark Scripture based on the Dao Scripture. How terrifying was his strength?
The Wan had the Yan had always had the Aby. The Yan had always had always had always but they always had the Dragon. Zhang had always had always. The Gu Ancient had the Had the Wan.
The Ancient God Abyss would enter the Mortal World as soon as the Dark Abyss was in danger. At that time, the Ancient God Abyss would not be able to do anything!
The Ancient God Abyss wanted Ye Xuan to go to the Mortal World for a simple reason. It was to deal with the Ancient God Abyss and the people behind Ye Xuan!
As long as Ye Xuan entered the Mortal World, the Ancient God Abyss would not dare to make a move. As for the people behind Ye Xuan, no matter how strong they were, would they dare to go to the Mortal World?
It was fair to say that for Ye Xuan, this was a deadly trap!
At this moment, an old man suddenly appeared in front of them.
It was the Master who had escaped earlier.
It was not his real body, but a shadow!
The Master looked at Su Zhe, "Su Zhe, the Honoured One said that he did not expect you to protect Ye Xuan personally!"
Su Zhe was expressionless, "I did not expect the Honoured One of the Three Masters of the Dark Abyss to come personally!"
The Master who had kidnapped Mu Niannian was the Honoured One of the Three Masters of the Dark Abyss!
The Master laughed, "This …
We have won this battle! "
Su Zhe smiled, "Is that so?"
The Master smiled, "We welcome the people behind Ye Xuan to the Mortal World!
They must come, otherwise, we will be disappointed! "
After saying that, he disappeared.
Su Zhe was silent for a moment, then he asked softly, "Will she go …"
The 'she' he was referring to was the woman in the plain dress!
At this moment, a voice suddenly rang out, "Where is he?"
Su Zhe turned his head, there was a woman standing in front of him.
Su Zhe looked at the woman in front of him, his eyes full of wariness.
He did not know when this person had appeared in front of him!
Who was this?
Su Zhe asked in a low voice, "Your Excellency … you are?"
The woman looked at Su Zhe, "Where is he?"
Su Zhe hesitated, "My friend Ye Xuan?"
The woman nodded.
Su Zhe said in a low voice, "The people from the Dark Abyss sent him to the Mortal World!"
The woman looked into the depths of the starry sky, "How?"
Su Zhe hesitated for a moment, then said, "Senior, the Mortal World was created by the owner of the Dark Scripture, it has the Law of Darkness, it can suppress one's cultivation …"
The woman suddenly asked, "How do we get there?"
Su Zhe looked at the woman, she blinked, "Don't I look like an expert?"
Su Zhe was speechless.
The woman said again, "Show me the way!"
Su Zhe hesitated for a moment, then bent his finger and a ray of white light entered the woman's forehead. After a while, the woman was about to leave, but at this moment, Zhang Wenxiu suddenly asked, "You are?"
The woman looked at Zhang Wenxiu and asked, "You are?"
Zhang Wenxiu looked at the woman, "I am his woman!"
Woman!
The woman blinked, "His woman?"
Zhang Wenxiu looked straight at the woman, "Yes!"
The woman looked at Zhang Wenxiu and smiled, "I like your character!"
As she said that, she opened her palm, "Let's go, I'll bring you to see your man!"
Zhang Wenxiu hesitated for a moment, then walked over to the woman and held her hand.
The woman was about to leave with Zhang Wenxiu when she seemed to have noticed something. She suddenly turned her head and looked at Xiao Qi.
When she saw Xiao Qi, the woman was slightly stunned, then she nodded slightly as a greeting.
Xiao Qi looked at the woman, not saying a word.
At this moment, Zhang Wenxiu suddenly asked, "Senior, you are?"
The woman smiled, "According to seniority, he should call me aunt!"
As she said that, she looked into the distance, "Let's not waste any more time!
This clone has gone through too many galaxies and wasted too much energy. It can't stay for too long, let's go! "
As soon as she finished speaking, she vanished on the spot with Zhang Wenxiu.
In the field, Su Zhe and the others felt like they had been struck by lightning!
Clone!
It was just a clone!
Su Zhe felt his head spinning!
At that moment, he had felt an incomparable sense of danger, but he had never thought that this woman was just a clone!
Just a clone was enough to make him feel an incomparable sense of danger. What did this mean?
If the real body was here, how terrifying would it be?
Thinking of this, Su Zhe could not help but break out in cold sweat.
At this moment, Su Ke suddenly said softly, "His father, his brother, his sister, his senior sister, his aunt … This is too much …"
Su Zhe was speechless.
...
Somewhere in the galaxy, the woman was holding Zhang Wenxiu's hand as they flew through the air.
Zhang Wenxiu looked at the woman, "Senior …"
The woman smiled, "Call me aunt!"
Zhang Wenxiu hesitated, then said, "Aunt … He's not an ordinary person, right?"
The woman nodded, "He's not an ordinary person!"
Zhang Wenxiu was silent.
The woman said softly, "His background is very complicated, I can't explain it clearly."
Zhang Wenxiu was silent for a moment, then said, "Are you guys very far away?"
The woman nodded, "Very far away. It's not easy to come here."
Zhang Wenxiu was silent.
The woman glanced at Zhang Wenxiu, smiled, "I should bring you to see someone!"
Zhang Wenxiu looked at the woman, "Who?"
The woman smiled, "His mother!"
Zhang Wenxiu said in a low voice, "Dugu Xuan?"
The woman shook her head, "His real mother!"
Zhang Wenxiu frowned, "Dugu Xuan is not his real mother?"
The woman hesitated, then said, "You can say that!
But … Sigh, this matter is very complicated!
It's all because of the Disaster Cause, I can't explain it clearly to you. "
Zhang Wenxiu suddenly asked, "How strong is the woman in the plain dress?"
She had always been curious about the woman in the plain dress.
The woman was silent.
Zhang Wenxiu looked at the woman, then asked, "Aunt, can you beat her?"
The woman blinked, "Can I not answer this question?"
Zhang Wenxiu was speechless.
...
Somewhere in the starry sky, Ye Xuan flew on his sword, he raised his speed to the limit, everywhere he passed, sword qi tore through the starry sky, it was incomparably terrifying!
In Ye Xuan's body, the blood was boiling, his whole body seemed to be on fire!
Soon, Ye Xuan arrived in front of a black hole, he turned into a sword light and entered the black hole.
Boom!
The entire black hole shook violently, sword qi tore through the black hole!
Soon, Ye Xuan showed up in a starry sky. As soon as he showed up in this starry sky, he felt all of his cultivation had disappeared!
But his bloodline power was still there!
The Great Dao law could suppress his cultivation, but it could not suppress his bloodline power!
At this moment, a middle-aged man suddenly appeared not far from Ye Xuan.
Human Venerable!
One of the three great venerables of the Dark Abyss!
On the right side of the Human Venerable was Nian Nian!
Ye Xuan's gaze fell on Nian Nian, Nian Nian kept crying, "I … I'm sorry …"
Ye Xuan shook his head, "You're not sorry!
I'm sorry!
Don't be afraid, even if I die, I'll be with you, okay? "
Nian Nian lowered her head slightly, her body trembling, she clenched her fists tightly, nails digging into her palms, blood flowing.
Human Venerable looked at Ye Xuan, "Just you?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Yes!"
Human Venerable looked at Ye Xuan, "Where's the Dao scripture?"
Ye Xuan said, "Let her go!"
Human Venerable shook his head, "You're not qualified to negotiate with me!"
Ye Xuan looked at Human Venerable, "If you don't let her go, don't even think about getting the Dao scripture!
You can kill her, because before I came, I was already prepared to die!
But if you die like this, the six Dao scriptures will fall into the hands of Ancient God Abyss! "
Human Venerable chuckled, "Threatening me?
I won't kill her, I'll torture her until you hand over the Dao scripture!
Let's see who's more patient! "
With that said, he suddenly placed his right hand on Nian Nian's head, a powerful force enveloped her, following that, Nian Nian's entire face twisted, because her bones were being crushed bit by bit …
Nian Nian was in extreme pain!
But she did not cry!
She looked at Ye Xuan, forcing a smile that was uglier than crying, "I … don't … hurt …"
...








Chapter 1421
"It doesn't hurt?"
Venerable Human looked at Nian Nian and smiled, "How interesting!
It seems that not only does he care about you, you also care about him! "
Saying that, he was about to exert force, but at this time, Ye Xuan suddenly opened his palm. In his palm, there were six Dao Scriptures.
Venerable Human looked at Ye Xuan, the corners of his mouth slightly raised, his smile bright, "Have you lost your patience?"
Ye Xuan's expression was calm, "Can you let her go?"
Venerable Human released Mu Niannian, he slowly walked towards Ye Xuan, smiling, "Ye Xuan, do you know?
When you appeared in this place, I suddenly realized that I overestimated you.
You have guts, you have intelligence, and you have strength.
Unfortunately, you are not ruthless enough!
You may be ruthless enough to your enemies, but you are not ruthless enough to your own people.
What you don't know is that your so-called loyalty is meaningless, because these are your weaknesses, weaknesses that your enemies can exploit! "
Ye Xuan suddenly bent his finger, the six Dao Scriptures appeared in front of Venerable Human, and he himself appeared in front of Nian Nian.
Venerable Human put away the six Dao Scriptures, he glanced at Ye Xuan, but did not stop Ye Xuan.
In this place, he was invincible!
Ye Xuan gently hugged Nian Nian, but with this hug, Nian Nian suddenly sucked in a breath of cold air. She looked at Ye Xuan, tears streaming down her face, feeling wronged, "It hurts …"
Ye Xuan quickly let go, he gently grabbed Nian Nian's hand, looking at Nian Nian's broken bones, his heart felt like it was being twisted by a knife, "I'm sorry …"
Nian Nian looked at Ye Xuan, tears streaming down her face, "I'm sorry, I still can't remember the past … I … I'm too useless!"
"How ridiculous!"
At this time, the distant Venerable Human suddenly laughed, "It's really ridiculous!
Fifth Dimension Tendo, although I don't know your true strength, you were able to injure a Dao Completion Realm expert with less than 30% of your strength, so you must have some skill!
What's laughable is that, for the sake of this Ye Xuan and that so-called Five-Dimensional Universe, you didn't even use seventy percent of your strength until your death … For an expert like you to not sever the karma that binds you, I can only say that you're really stupid. "
Nian Nian looked at Ye Xuan. "Will we die?"
Ye Xuan gently caressed Nian Nian's cheek and smiled. "Are you afraid?"
Nian Nian shook her head. "With you around, I'm not afraid!"
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Can I kiss you?"
Nian Nian blinked. "Kiss me?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Nian Nian's face was slightly red, and her voice was as soft as a mosquito. "Just once!"
Ye Xuan said seriously, "You agreed!
You can't hit me in the future! "
Nian Nian slowly closed her eyes, feeling a little shy. "Kiss me!
I won't hit you in the future! "
Ye Xuan leaned over and gently touched Nian Nian's forehead.
They separated at the touch!
Nian Nian opened her eyes and glanced at Ye Xuan. "Is it over?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "It's over!
However, I'm a little regretful! "
Nian Nian blinked. "Why!"
Ye Xuan looked at Nian Nian and said seriously, "If we can survive today, I think I'll definitely be beaten by you in the future!
However, it doesn't matter!
Who knows if there's a tomorrow? "
With that, he leaned over and gently touched Nian Nian's forehead. "Even if I'm gone!
You have to live well, understand? "
With that, he suddenly stored Nian Nian into the Creation Gourd. He grabbed the Creation Gourd and threw it toward the exit of the mortal world. He roared, "Take her away!
To the Four-Dimensional Universe's Netherworld Palace! "
Not far away, the Human Venerable suddenly laughed. "Let her go?
Are you kidding me? "
With that, he was about to make a move. At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly appeared in front of him. In the next moment, an extremely powerful bloodline power swept out from his body.
Boom!
In an instant, a killing intent swept across the heaven and earth!
This place had the laws of darkness which could suppress one's cultivation. However, it could not suppress Ye Xuan's bloodline!
Seeing that Ye Xuan could actually use the power of his bloodline, the Human Venerable frowned. "How is this possible!"
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly slashed forward!
It was not a dao sword because he could not use a dao sword at all!
He also could not use a dao seal!
This place could even suppress a dao seal!
To put it simply, other than the power of his bloodline and his dao body, he could not use any other power or external objects!
The sword slashed down. The sword stopped half an inch away from the Human Venerable's head!
The Human Venerable's two fingers caught Ye Xuan's sword!
The Human Venerable looked at Ye Xuan. "I underestimated your bloodline power!"
With that, he slightly tightened his fingers.
Boom!
In an instant, Ye Xuan was blasted hundreds of feet away!
After repelling Ye Xuan with one finger, the Human Venerable suddenly turned his head and looked in the direction where the Gourd of Fortune escaped. At present, compared to Ye Xuan, Mu Niannian was a greater threat!
The Human Venerable was about to make a move when a sword qi slashed at him from behind!
The Human Venerable frowned. He suddenly turned around and took a step forward. At the same time, he punched out.
Before Ye Xuan's sword fell, the Human Venerable's fist had already landed on his chest.
Bang!
Ye Xuan spat out a mouthful of blood and was instantly sent flying thousands of feet away. However, in the next moment, he once again rushed toward the Human Venerable with his sword.
The blood-red sword light tore through the space. The blood-red light was overwhelming!
In the distance, the Human Venerable slowly clenched his right hand. His eyes were filled with cold killing intent. "It's time to end this!"
With that said, he suddenly disappeared.
Chi!
In the field, the space suddenly cracked. In the next moment, a shadow directly hit Ye Xuan.
Boom!
The sword light around Ye Xuan was directly smashed. At the same time, Ye Xuan was sent flying. As soon as he stopped, the Human Venerable suddenly appeared in front of him!
The Human Venerable directly punched at Ye Xuan's throat!
Ye Xuan blocked with his sword.
Boom!
Once again, Ye Xuan and his sword were sent flying!
In the air, the Human Venerable punched again!
As the punch was thrown, the space cracked inch by inch. In the distance, a fist suddenly landed on Ye Xuan's chest.
Puff!
Ye Xuan suddenly spat out a mouthful of blood and was thrown backward.
The Human Venerable looked at Ye Xuan and sneered. "The legendary Taoist Body. If it was outside, it might be a little tricky. Unfortunately, it's here!
Today, let me shatter your Taoist Body! "
As his voice fell, he rushed forward and punched!
The punch was like a flash flood, unstoppable!
In the distance, Ye Xuan's pupils suddenly shrank. He did not choose to defend. Instead, he stabbed with his sword.
A life for a life!
However, the Human Venerable's speed was much faster than his!
The moment he attacked with his sword, the Human Venerable's fist had already landed on his chest.
Bang!
Ye Xuan's chest caved in. At the same time, the Human Venerable's powerful strength directly sent him flying.
Although the Taoist Body was strong, at this moment, his cultivation was suppressed. His strength was less than half of his peak. Especially, he could not use a killer move like the Taoist Sword.
It could be said that he was being suppressed by the Human Venerable in both speed and strength!
After sending Ye Xuan flying with a punch, the Human Venerable did not stop. Instead, he took a step forward and threw a punch with each step.
The punch was like a volcanic eruption, destroying heaven and earth!
In the distance, Ye Xuan's eyes flashed with anger. He held the Executing Heaven Sword with both hands and slashed forward.
At this moment, the Human Venerable's punch arrived.
Boom!
The surrounding space trembled. The Human Venerable's powerful punch directly sent the sword in Ye Xuan's hand flying. At the same time, a destructive force instantly landed on Ye Xuan's body.
Bang!
Ye Xuan was instantly sent flying thousands of feet away. As soon as he stopped, he spat out several mouthfuls of blood. At the same time, his body had already split open!
If this was outside, his body could continuously repair itself. But here, his cultivation was suppressed and he could not repair his body at all!
The Human Venerable slowly walked toward Ye Xuan. He slowly clenched his right hand and a powerful force gathered in his palm. Because the force was so strong, the space around him directly trembled!
In the distance, Ye Xuan wiped the blood from his mouth.
He looked at the exit in the distance and said softly, "She should be safe now!"
He knew that as long as Immortal Gourd brought Nian Nian to the Nether World Hall, even the Dark Abyss could not do anything to her!
Thinking of this, the corner of Ye Xuan's mouth curled up into a smile. But soon, the smile froze!
At the exit, he saw a person!
Nian Nian!
In Nian Nian's hand was a gourd!
Immortal Gourd!
Seeing Nian Nian, the Human Venerable was stunned for a moment. Then, he laughed. "How interesting!"
In the distance, Ye Xuan's eyes widened. "Immortal Gourd!
What the hell are you doing! "
At this moment, Immortal Gourd appeared in front of Ye Xuan with Nian Nian. At the same time, Immortal Gourd's voice sounded in Ye Xuan's mind. "Sigh, you can't blame me!
I want to take her away too!
But she won't go!
If I take her away by force, she will kill herself … I really can't help it … It's too f * cking difficult for me! "
Ye Xuan roared angrily. "Your current strength far surpasses hers. Can't you stop her from killing herself?"
Immortal Gourd was a little helpless. "I can beat her now, but she threatened me!
She said that if I take her away, when she regains her memory, she will tear me to pieces … You know how terrifying she was at her peak … I'm scared! "
He had been beaten by Mu Niannian in the past. He was really afraid of Mu Niannian!
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Nian Nian stared at Ye Xuan. "You said you wouldn't lie to me!"
Ye Xuan felt a little guilty. "I … I didn't lie to you!"
Nian Nian said angrily, "You left me alone!"
Ye Xuan shrugged. "You did the same thing in the past!"
Nian Nian burst into tears.
After crying for a while, she looked up at Ye Xuan. "Then we're even!
Now, no one can leave the other, okay? "
Ye Xuan was silent.
Nian Nian looked at Ye Xuan. "I don't want to live alone!"
Ye Xuan was silent for a moment. He took Nian Nian's hand and said softly, "Okay!
No one can leave the other! "
Nian Nian smiled through her tears. She gently hugged Ye Xuan and said in a trembling voice, "I'm afraid of death, but I'm even more afraid of living alone … Don't leave me …"
At this moment, the Human Venerable in the distance suddenly said, "Ye Xuan, where's the woman in the plain dress behind you?"
Ye Xuan looked at the Human Venerable. The Human Venerable smiled and said, "Isn't she your Path Protector?
Why hasn't she appeared at a time like this?
Don't tell me she's afraid! "
Ye Xuan was about to speak. At this moment, the space in the distance was suddenly torn apart. The next moment, two women walked out of the torn space!
Seeing the two women, Ye Xuan was stunned.
He knew one of them. It was Zhang Wenxiu!
But he didn't know the woman next to Zhang Wenxiu!
The Human Venerable's gaze fell on the woman next to Zhang Wenxiu, "You're not the woman in the plain dress!"
The woman smiled and said, "You seem a little disappointed!"
The Human Venerable smiled and said, "I am indeed a little disappointed.
Because we prepared a big gift for her. Unfortunately, she didn't come!
What a pity!
But it's okay, we can kill her in the future! "
"Kill her!"
The woman blinked, and in the next moment, she suddenly disappeared.
The Human Venerable's expression changed. He suddenly punched out. The power of the punch was like a mountain flood, shaking the heaven and earth!
However, as soon as he punched out, a jade-white hand grabbed his throat!
One hit kill!
The Human Venerable's expression changed. He looked at the woman and said in horror, "You're not suppressed!
How is that possible … "
The woman looked at the Human Venerable and smiled, "Kill my Great Mandate?
You idiot, I can't even take one of her sword. You want to kill her? I'll kill your mother!
I'll kill your mother! "
Then, she suddenly clenched her fist.
Boom!
The Human Venerable's head exploded and turned into nothingness!
Ye Xuan: "…"
.....
PS: I want to be scolded.








Chapter 1422
Shocking!
Ye Xuan had to admit that even he was shocked!
An instant kill!
This woman killed a Human Venerable in an instant!
What level was this Human Venerable?
She was a cultivator above the Dao Attainment realm!
Such a cultivator was killed by this woman in an instant!
This was too terrifying!
At this moment, Zhang Wenxiu was also extremely shocked. She knew that the woman who came with her was very strong, but she didn't expect her to be this strong!
As if thinking of something, Zhang Wenxiu's pupils shrank.
This woman said that she couldn't even take one strike from the woman in the plain dress …
The woman in the plain dress!
How strong was she?
Zhang Wenxiu's heart was in turmoil!
Not far away, the woman clapped her hands and turned to look at Ye Xuan. "I've been traveling for a few days and I only killed this piece of trash … Don't you feel ashamed?"
Ye Xuan: "…"
Zhang Wenxiu hurriedly said, "Aunty, you've worked hard!"
Aunty?
Ye Xuan was stunned, then looked at Zhang Wenxiu. "Your aunty?"
Zhang Wenxiu said in a low voice, "What's mine is also yours!"
Ye Xuan: "…"
The woman walked to Ye Xuan and looked at Ye Xuan. "To be precise, I'm your aunty!"
Aunty!
Ye Xuan blinked. "Are there second aunties and third aunties?"
The woman nodded. "Yes!"
Ye Xuan: "…"
Zhang Wenxiu: "…"
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "My mother and aunty, you …"
The woman smiled. "We call your mother sisters. As for your mother, I can't say much. You'll know in the future."
Ye Xuan was speechless.
In the future again!
The woman looked around and said, "This place is a little special …"
As she spoke, she looked at Ye Xuan. "This clone of mine is about to disappear.
You'll have to deal with the rest yourself! "
Ye Xuan asked in a deep voice, "Aunt, where is your main body?"
The woman smiled. "I'm busy!"
Ye Xuan asked again, "Is it far from here?"
The woman nodded. "It's very far. Most importantly, some of the rules are very troublesome, and we don't want to break them … In short, it's quite troublesome for us to come here."
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "The Nether Pavilion!"
The woman smiled and said, "You only guessed it now?"
Ye Xuan shook his head and smiled. "I guessed it!
But I'm not sure! "
The woman looked at Ye Xuan. "You said you were an orphan in the Nether World Hall and had no one to rely on … Kid, I'm here today to tell you two things. First, it's not that your father doesn't care about you. He has done a lot for you, but you don't know about it!
Second, you think your enemies are strong now, but you don't know that your enemies in the future are even stronger!
Just like me … Do you think I'm strong? "
Ye Xuan quickly nodded.
The woman smiled. "But the Nether Pavilion is in a dangerous moment!
The reason why my main body didn't come this time is because of this! "
Ye Xuan fell silent.
The woman patted Ye Xuan's shoulder lightly. "This is the last time we'll help you, because we're not sure if we can survive!
You're on your own! "
After saying that, her body gradually turned illusory.
Ye Xuan bowed slightly to the woman. "Aunt, thank you!"
The woman smiled. "We're family, no need to be so polite!"
As she spoke, she looked at Nian Nian, who was beside Ye Xuan. Nian Nian hesitated for a moment before saying softly, "Aunt …"
The woman laughed. "I don't deserve that!"
Ye Xuan quickly said, "Aunt, can you help Nian Nian recover her memory?"
The woman shook her head. "No!"
Ye Xuan was slightly puzzled. "Why not?"
The woman looked at Ye Xuan and smiled. "Can I not answer this question?"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The woman thought for a moment and said, "Forget it!
I'll answer you!
The reason why I can't help her recover her memory is because she's too strong. I can't stop her! "
As she spoke, she glanced at Nian Nian. "She's an extraordinary woman!"
Ye Xuan frowned slightly. "Too strong?"
The woman smiled. "Her Sword Dao is the strongest besides those three. Hmm, that's not right. That girl Tingyun should be on par with her. However, your Sister Nian's strength isn't just in her Sword Dao … In short, she has her own Dao.
(This chapter is not over. Please continue to the next page.)
Moreover, she's very strong. Ordinary people can't forcefully interfere with what she does.
So, let nature take its course!
In any case, she has no intention of harming you! "
Ye Xuan wanted to ask more, but the woman had already vanished.
She left in a carefree manner!
After a moment of silence, Ye Xuan left with Zhang Wenxiu and Nian Nian.
Of course, Ye Xuan did not forget the six Dao Scriptures. When the woman killed the Human Supremacy, he had already kept them.
Not long after Ye Xuan and the others left, a middle-aged man suddenly appeared in the Mortal World.
The middle-aged man looked around and said softly, "I'm late …"
This person was one of the Three Supremacies of the Dark Abyss, the Earth Supremacy.
Previously, when the Human Supremacy's Soul Tablet shattered, he rushed over here. Unfortunately, he was still too late.
The Earth Supremacy looked around with a solemn expression. "Good one, Ye Xuan!
Looks like we've underestimated you! "
After saying that, his figure trembled slightly and disappeared.
...
In the Fifth Dimension.
When Ye Xuan and the others returned to the Fifth Dimension, Su Zhe and Su Ke immediately appeared in front of Ye Xuan. Su Zhe looked at Ye Xuan and said, "Little friend, that Human Supremacy …"
Ye Xuan said, "He's dead!"
Dead!
Su Zhe looked at Ye Xuan and asked, "Then Senior killed him?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Su Zhe was silent.
One of the Three Supremacies of the Dark Abyss, Human Supremacy, was dead!
Ye Xuan looked at Su Zhe and asked, "Senior, how can I reach the Dao Realm?"
Su Zhe shook his head. "You can't!"
Ye Xuan frowned slightly. "Why?"
Su Zhe sighed softly. "Little friend, you've just broken through not long ago. It's not wise to force your way into the Dao Realm now!
Moreover, you haven't fully stabilized your Dao Defense Realm. It's not suitable for you to break through to the Dao Realm! "
Ye Xuan was silent.
Su Zhe continued, "Of course, if you borrow the power of the God's Seal, it's not impossible. However, I don't recommend you to use the God's Seal. You're a genius, you can definitely create your own path!"
Ye Xuan said softly, "I don't have that much time!"
The Human Supremacy's sudden attack made him understand that the Dark Abyss was determined to kill him and Nian Nian!
He didn't think that the death of the Human Supremacy would make the Dark Abyss stop!
Not only would the Dark Abyss not stop, but it would also intensify!
Su Zhe hesitated for a moment and then said, "Little friend, why don't you come with us to the Ancient God Abyss?
Little friend, don't worry. If you go to the Ancient God Abyss, even if the Dark Abyss Master personally takes action, the Ancient God Abyss will protect you! "
Ye Xuan shook his head.
If he left this place, the entire Fifth Dimension would be completely destroyed!
The Fifth Dimension could not stop the Dark Abyss!
Su Zhe sighed softly when he saw that Ye Xuan didn't want to go to the Ancient God Abyss.
Ye Xuan wasn't willing to give up the Fifth Dimension, so he would always be in a passive position!
At this moment, Xuan Chu suddenly appeared in front of Ye Xuan. She looked at Ye Xuan and said, "Let me tell you some bad news. The Xuan Huan Sect from the Whirling World has sent people!"
Ye Xuan frowned slightly, "The Xuan Huan Sect?"
Xuan Chu nodded, "A super sect from the Whirling World!
They came this time for the Dao Scripture in your possession! "
Ye Xuan was silent. He hadn't expected the forces from the Whirling World to come so quickly!
Xuan Chu suddenly asked, "Who was that woman?"
Ye Xuan looked at Xuan Chu, "My aunt!"
Xuan Chu, "…"
Ye Xuan asked, "Miss Xuan Chu, how many people from the Xuan Huan Sect have come?"
Xuan Chu shook her head, "I don't know!
But we should know soon!
Because they should have already arrived! "
Ye Xuan nodded, "Thank you, Miss Xuan Chu, for telling me!"
After saying that, he turned around and left with Nian Nian.
Xuan Chu looked at Ye Xuan, not knowing what she was thinking.
Somewhere in the main hall.
Ye Xuan sat cross-legged on the ground and slowly closed his eyes!
If it wasn't for the help of the Nether World Hall, would he and Nian Nian have survived?
Of course not!
Moreover, he also discovered that powerhouses above the Enlightened Dao Realm could pose a threat to his Daoist Body!
Improve his Dao Body?
This thought flashed through Ye Xuan's mind, but he quickly rejected it.
Previously, he had relied on the gift from the Jia Long Dragon Clan to improve his Dao Body. Now, if he didn't have an opportunity, it would be impossible for him to improve his Dao Body!
Whether it was his realm or his body, he couldn't improve them for the time being.
After a while, Ye Xuan said softly, "It seems that I can only take it step by step!"
Ye Xuan no longer thought about improving his Dao Body. Instead, he began to stabilize his Dao Body.
(This chapter is not finished. Please continue.)
As Su Zhe had said, he hadn't even fully understood the Dao Controlling Realm. He really shouldn't think about the Dao Attainment Realm!
...
Somewhere in the starry sky, the Earthly Venerable Dark Abyss looked down at the Five-Dimensional Universe. Beside him was the Ancestral Master.
The Ancestral Master's expression was extremely solemn. He didn't expect the Human Venerable to die just like that!
And he died in the Mortal World!
What did this mean?
It meant that the other party wasn't suppressed by the Dark Dao Laws of the Mortal World!
The Earthly Venerable suddenly said, "Did you find out where that woman came from?"
The Ancestral Master shook his head. "I couldn't find out!"
The Earthly Venerable frowned slightly. "You couldn't find out?"
The Ancestral Master nodded. "She seemed to have appeared out of thin air!"
The Earthly Venerable was silent.
After a while, the Earthly Venerable looked down. "I have already informed the Celestial Venerable that he will rush here in three days!"
Hearing this, the Ancestral Master was shocked. "Is the Celestial Venerable going to make a move?"
The Earthly Venerable was expressionless. "The person behind Ye Xuan is more powerful than we thought!"
The Ancestral Master said in a low voice, "Besides that, there is also the Ancient God Abyss. They are determined to help Ye Xuan!"
The Earthly Venerable frowned. "What is their purpose in doing this?"
The Ancestral Master sighed softly. "The current situation is becoming more and more disadvantageous for us!"
The Earthly Venerable shook his head. "You are wrong!"
The Ancestral Master looked at the Earthly Venerable. The Earthly Venerable said softly, "As far as I know, many sects in the Whirling World have already sent people to the Five-Dimensional Universe!
And their goal is that Dao Scripture!
In other words, Ye Xuan's enemies will only increase!
We can wait and see for now. "
The Ancestral Master was about to speak when a shadow suddenly appeared in the distant sky above the Dao City. The next moment, a powerful aura suddenly enveloped the entire Dao City.
The Earthly Venerable chuckled. "Look, the experts of the Whirling World have arrived!
There's going to be a good show to watch! "
In the distant sky above the Dao City, Ye Xuan suddenly appeared in front of the shadow. The shadow gradually became solid. It was a middle-aged man.
The Dao Realm!
The middle-aged man looked at Ye Xuan. "You are Ye Xuan!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes!"
The middle-aged man laughed. "Since ancient times, the treasures of heaven and earth belong to the strong. You are so weak, how can you have the nerve to occupy the six Dao Scriptures?"
Ye Xuan suddenly took out the six scrolls of the Dao Scripture. He placed them in front of himself and then looked at the middle-aged man. "Senior, you are right. How about this? Senior, lower your cultivation level and fight with me. If you win, I will give these six scrolls to you. What do you think?"
The middle-aged man laughed. "How interesting!
A Dao Manipulation Realm cultivator wants to challenge me? "
Ye Xuan looked at the middle-aged man. "I have fought with experts above the Dark Abyss Realm. They are very strong. I am no match for them!"
The middle-aged man shook his head. "No, no!
It is not that they are strong, but that you are too weak! "
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "Senior, they are experts from the Dark Abyss!"
The middle-aged man chuckled. "Dark Abyss?
What kind of rubbish place is that?
How dare they compare to my Whirling World? "
On the other side, the Earthly Venerable was expressionless. No one knew what he was thinking.
The Ancestral Master's face was a little gloomy.
The middle-aged man suddenly said, "Fine, I will lower my realm and fight with you. You …"
At this moment, the Earthly Venerable's voice suddenly sounded in the sky. "Sir, although Ye Xuan is only at the Dao Manipulation Realm, his combat strength can kill those who have achieved the Dao!
Especially when he has a Divine Item Daoting … "
The middle-aged man looked at the Earthly Venerable in the sky and smiled. "You are from the Dark Abyss, right?"
The Earthly Venerable nodded. "Yes!
I am the Dark Abyss Human Venerable … "
The middle-aged man shook his head with a smile. "Do you know what it means to be a frog at the bottom of a well?"
The Earthly Venerable looked at the middle-aged man without saying a word.
The middle-aged man smiled. "Ye Xuan thinks that the experts from the Dark Abyss are strong because he is weak. He is a frog at the bottom of a well. He has not seen many Dao Attainment Realm cultivators, so he thinks that you are strong. You think that Ye Xuan is not weak because you are weak. An expert above the Dao Attainment Realm can't even kill a Dao Manipulation Realm youth … I can only say that you are useless!
Very, very useless! "
At this point, he shook his head with a smile. "To think that the Master of Dark Scripture was also a figure back then. Why are his descendants so useless?"
In the sky, the Earthly Venerable was silent.
Beside him, the Ancestral Master's face was frighteningly gloomy.
At this moment, the middle-aged man suddenly looked at the Earthly Venerable and said, "As far as I know, the Daoting has a Divine Item called the Seal of Dao. This item was the most precious treasure of the Daoting back then. You said that Ye Xuan has a Divine Item. Could it be this item?
If it is this item, I have to be careful! "
The Earthly Venerable looked at the middle-aged man calmly. "The Seal of Dao?
How could he have such a Divine Item?
The Divine Item I am talking about is the sword in his hand, not the Seal of Dao. Sir, you can rest assured. Go! "
Ye Xuan: "…"
...
(End of this chapter)








Chapter 1423
Sword!
The middle-aged man looked at the Executing Heaven Sword in Ye Xuan's hand when he heard the Earthly Venerable. He shook his head and smiled. "While this sword isn't bad, that's all there is to it!"
As he spoke, he opened his palm and pressed it down lightly. In an instant, his realm was suppressed from the Dao Attainment Realm to the Dao Attainment Realm!
As if he'd thought of something, the middle-aged man looked up at the Earthly Venerable. "I'll show all of you what a true expert is!"
As he spoke, he pressed his right hand down once more. In an instant, he went from the Dao Attainment Realm to the Dao Attainment Realm!
In the sky, the Earthly Venerable shook his head after a moment of silence. "The world is vast and anything can happen!"
The Ancestral Master was speechless.
Below, the middle-aged man looked at Ye Xuan. "This isn't bullying you, right?"
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment before he said, "Senior, do you dare to suppress it to the Dao Attainment Realm?"
The crowd was speechless.
The middle-aged man looked at Ye Xuan. "The Dao Attainment Realm?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "I don't mean anything else. I just want to see how strong experts above the Dao Attainment Realm are!
If senior can defeat me at the Dao Attainment Realm, then I, Ye Xuan, will truly be convinced! "
The middle-aged man chuckled. "Ye Xuan, do you think I'm stupid?"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The middle-aged man smiled. "While I'm confident, I know that it's better to be safe than sorry!
It's better to be careful when you're outside.
So, are you going to fight or not? "
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes!"
He vanished on the spot as soon as he finished speaking.
A strand of sword light tore through the battlefield!
It was a swift strike!
Originally, the middle-aged man had a hint of vigilance in his eyes. Although he was confident, as he said, he was still very cautious. However, when he saw Ye Xuan's sword, that trace of vigilance suddenly disappeared!
This sword was very fast, but to him, it was too weak!
The middle-aged man shook his head and smiled. "That's it?"
As he spoke, he blasted a punch forward!
At this moment, Ye Xuan's sword momentum suddenly changed. The originally ordinary sword became a Dao sword!
At this moment, the middle-aged man's expression changed drastically. Because at this moment, he sensed danger. Originally, he was about to attack, but he suddenly switched to defense. He crossed his arms and fiercely pushed them forward.
At the same time, he stopped suppressing his cultivation level. However, Ye Xuan's sword had already descended.
Boom!
In front of everyone's eyes, the middle-aged man was sent flying by Ye Xuan's sword. In the process, the middle-aged man's fleshly body crumbled inch by inch. When he reappeared 10,000 feet away, only his soul remained!
After Ye Xuan pushed the middle-aged man back, he immediately pointed his finger and the Soul Suppressing Sword suddenly flew out.
Right at this moment, the middle aged man's soul suddenly vanished into the horizon. At the same time, a furious shout resounded from the horizon. "Despicable!
Shameless!
Despicable!
Shameless!
I, Ye Jun, have never seen such a despicable and shameless person … "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
On the other side, Xuan Chu shook her head.
Beside her, the old man shook his head. "This Ye Jun is really a weirdo …"
Xuan Chu said softly, "The Dao scripture and martial arts civilization began in the Whirling World. From the beginning, when we faced the Five-Dimensional Universe, we had the mentality of being superior to others. Let alone the Five-Dimensional Universe, even when facing the Dark Abyss and Ancient God Abyss, we have the same mentality.
However, whether it is the Five-Dimensional Universe or the Dark Abyss, they are actually not weak. "
The old man was silent.
In fact, when facing Ye Xuan at the beginning, he did not pay too much attention to Ye Xuan!
At that time, in his heart, Ye Xuan was just not bad!
But now, it seemed that this Ye Xuan was not only not bad.
Not to mention the Five-Dimensional Universe, even if Ye Xuan was placed in the Whirling World,
(This chapter is not finished, please continue.)
But, he was definitely the top existence of the younger generation.
As if thinking of something, the old man shook his head and sighed. "This Young Master Ye … is too good at pretending to be a pig to eat a tiger!"
He still could not forget how Ye Xuan had shown weakness when they had just arrived!
A person's strength was not scary, what was scary was when he hid his strength!
At this moment, Xuan Chu suddenly said, "When will Master arrive?"
The old man said in a low voice, "In two days!"
Xuan Chu nodded slightly. She looked at Ye Xuan in the distance, thinking about something.
In the distance, Ye Xuan looked up at the Terrestrial Venerable, and the Terrestrial Venerable was also looking at Ye Xuan.
He had to admit that Ye Xuan's strength surprised him!
Although Ye Jun had suppressed his cultivation by two realms, his foundation was still there!
However, he still could not take a blow from Ye Xuan!
One could imagine that if Ye Xuan reached Enlightenment … he would definitely be invincible among his peers.
All along, the focus of the Dark Abyss had been on the forces behind Ye Xuan and the Ancient God Abyss, thus neglecting Ye Xuan himself!
In fact, Ye Xuan himself was also very scary.
This kind of person must be killed as an enemy!
Ye Xuan looked at the Terrestrial Venerable and smiled. "Do you want to know how the Human Venerable died?"
The Terrestrial Venerable narrowed his eyes. "Are you threatening me?"
Ye Xuan smiled and turned to leave.
In the sky, the Terrestrial Venerable stared at Ye Xuan.
How did the Human Venerable die?
In fact, the death of the Human Venerable was not scary. What was scary was that the Human Venerable died in the Mortal World!
What did this mean?
It meant that the woman who killed the Human Venerable was not suppressed by the Dark Way Law of the Mortal World!
An Abyss had met someone who could ignore the Dark Way Law of the Mortal World!
Situ Tingyun!
That woman had caused An Abyss to suffer great losses!
At this moment, a voice suddenly sounded beside him. "Nether World Hall!"
The Terrestrial Venerable turned to see a woman standing beside him. The woman wore a simple black dress. The black dress was as black as ink and exuded a sense of oppression.
Celestial Venerable!
The Ancestral Master hurriedly bowed. "Greetings, Celestial Venerable!"
The Celestial Venerable nodded. Beside her, the Terrestrial Venerable said, "Big Sister, you came early!"
The Celestial Venerable said softly, "Third Brother is dead!
How could I not come early? "
The Terrestrial Venerable was silent.
The Celestial Venerable looked at the Terrestrial Venerable. "You don't look sad at all!"
The Terrestrial Venerable shook her head. "There is no point in being sad!"
The Celestial Venerable smiled. "Indeed!"
Then, she looked down. "I have found out that the person who helped him is from a force called Nether World Hall in the Fourth Dimension!"
The Terrestrial Venerable frowned. "Nether World Hall?
Why have I never heard of it? "
The Celestial Venerable said softly, "A very ancient force and very mysterious!
They appeared in the Fourth Dimension, but for some reason, they disappeared. "
The Terrestrial Venerable said in a low voice, "Disappeared?
Did they leave? "
The Celestial Venerable nodded. "They left!
As for where they went, I don't know!
But for now, they are a very scary group of people! "
The Terrestrial Venerable asked, "Why do you think so?"
The Celestial Venerable looked at the Terrestrial Venerable. "Do you know why that woman disappeared after killing the Human Venerable?"
Without waiting for the Terrestrial Venerable to answer, the Celestial Venerable said, "Because what she came was just a clone!"
Clone!
The Terrestrial Venerable's pupils suddenly shrank. "This …"
The Celestial Venerable smiled. "A clone in the Mortal World ignored the Great Dao nomological laws left by Dark Ancestor and killed the Human Venerable. Don't you find it very unbelievable?"
The Terrestrial Venerable said in a low voice, "This is too scary!"
(This chapter is not finished. Please turn the page.)
The Celestial Venerable said softly, "There is something even scarier!"
The Terrestrial Venerable looked at the Celestial Venerable. "What?"
The Celestial Venerable looked down. "He encountered the Naga race. As far as I know, the last patriarch of the Naga race was suppressed in the Dark World by that person … I have been to the Dark World. That old patriarch has fallen, which means that the Almighty has taken action.
However, Ye Xuan left the Dark World with the granddaughter of the Naga race's old patriarch.
There are two possibilities. The first is that the Almighty let Ye Xuan and Naga go, which is basically impossible!
The second is … "
At this point, she did not continue!
The Terrestrial Venerable said in a low voice, "The second is that the person behind Ye Xuan protected Ye Xuan and Naga!"
The Celestial Venerable nodded. "Yes!
If someone really protected him … then we have to re-evaluate the strength of the force behind him! "
The Terrestrial Venerable suddenly asked, "Big Sister, do you know that plain-dressed woman?"
The Celestial Venerable was silent.
The Terrestrial Venerable frowned slightly. "Why?"
The Celestial Venerable said softly, "Mysterious!
And powerful! "
The Terrestrial Venerable asked, "How powerful?"
The Celestial Venerable laughed lightly. "Do you know why the Ancient God Abyss is so determined to help Ye Xuan?"
The Terrestrial Venerable said in a low voice, "Because of the plain-dressed woman?"
The Celestial Venerable nodded. "According to my investigation, the plain-dressed woman has been to the Ancient God Abyss. However, I do not know what happened there!
But what is certain is that the Ancient God Abyss is so determined to protect Ye Xuan. Even Su Zhe has come personally. This must have something to do with the plain-dressed woman!
And for the Ancient God Abyss to help Ye Xuan at all costs, either the plain-dressed woman has made a deal with them, or they want to form a good relationship with the plain-dressed woman … If it is the latter, it means that the plain-dressed woman's strength is beyond our imagination! "
The Terrestrial Venerable was silent, his expression solemn.
The Celestial Venerable said again, "There is one more thing. Ye Xuan has swallowed the blood of the Naga Dragon Clan. His body has the power of the Naga Dragon Clan!
The blood of the Naga Dragon Clan is unyielding and domineering. Not to mention among humans, even among the demonic beasts, it is at the top of the pyramid. However, Ye Xuan can swallow their blood!
What does this mean?
It means that the power of Ye Xuan's bloodline is above that of the Naga Dragon Clan. No, it should be far beyond the Naga Dragon Clan!
However, we know nothing about the origin of the power of his bloodline! "
The Terrestrial Venerable shook his head. "This person is too mysterious!"
The Celestial Venerable looked down at the Dao City. "Daoting Ancestor Zhao Zhiqing made him the Dao Master after meeting him!
There are two reasons. First, he took a fancy to him. Of course, he is indeed a rare genius!
But I don't think Zhao Zhiqing made him the Dao Master and gave him the Dao Seal just because of this. "
The Terrestrial Venerable said in a low voice, "The force behind him!"
The Celestial Venerable nodded. "It must be!
Apart from that, this person is also related to Situ Tingyun … There must be an extremely mysterious and powerful force behind him!
And these people might not belong to our world … "
The Terrestrial Venerable frowned slightly. "Do we have a chance of winning?"
The Celestial Venerable shook his head. "Judging from the strength displayed by Situ Tingyun and the woman from the Nether World Hall, we have no chance of winning!"
The Terrestrial Venerable said in a low voice, "Are we going to give up?"
The Celestial Venerable smiled. "No!"
The Terrestrial Venerable frowned slightly. "Why?"
The Celestial Venerable said softly, "Because he might summon the Spirit of the Great Path. We are destined to be enemies with him."
With that, she smiled slightly. "It's not that we have no chance of winning!
We have to play this game of chess well!
After all, there are too many people who want the Dao Scripture in his hands now!
It's true that I, An Yuan, don't have a great chance of winning if I fight him alone. But why should we fight him alone?
We can choose to fight him together, can't we? "
.....
PS: One ticket is too few. Can we vote for a few more?
(End of this chapter)








Chapter 1424
Ye Xuan returned to his room. In front of him was the Soul Quelling Sword!
The Soul Quelling Sword had not broken through, but she had reached a critical point!
If she had absorbed Ye Jun's soul, she would have broken through. Unfortunately, Ye Jun had escaped!
Ye Jun's escape also made Ye Xuan understand that experts above the Dao Attainment Realm were not so easy to kill.
After a long silence, Ye Xuan suddenly kept the Soul Quelling Sword and left.
As for Nian Nian, she was still in the Prison Pagoda!
It was too dangerous for her to be out there!
One must know that the person An Yuan was truly afraid of was not Ye Xuan, but Nian Nian!
Ye Xuan arrived in the starry sky of the Fifth Dimension. Su Zhe was in this starry sky.
Su Zhe did not leave with his people. If he did, the experts from An Yuan would definitely come out in full force. That was not something the Fifth Dimension could fight against.
Seeing Ye Xuan, Su Zhe smiled faintly. "Young friend, you managed to injure Ye Jun with a single strike. With such strength, not to mention the Fifth Dimension, even in the Whirling World, among the younger generation, you are considered a top existence."
Ye Xuan shook his head, "Senior must be joking!
I was able to injure Ye Jun because he underestimated me and lowered his realm. If not for that, I'm afraid I would not be his opponent! "
Su Zhe's eyes flashed with surprise. Ye Xuan had destroyed Ye Jun's body with a single strike, but he did not feel complacent. This surprised him!
Ye Xuan cupped his fists, "Thank you for your help, I, Ye Xuan, am eternally grateful."
Su Zhe collected his thoughts and smiled, "An Yuan's enemy is my Ancient God Abyss's friend!"
Ye Xuan hesitated, then said, "Senior has seen Qing'Er?"
The woman in the plain dress!
The smile on Su Zhe's face gradually disappeared. He nodded slightly, "Greetings, Senior."
Ye Xuan quickly asked, "Did she say anything?"
Su Zhe smiled bitterly.
When they first met that senior, she wanted to destroy the Ancient God Abyss because their strength threatened Ye Xuan …
Su Zhe shook his head and smiled. "Little friend, she didn't say anything else. She just asked us not to hurt you!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Su Zhe hesitated for a moment before asking, "Young friend, may I ask what is Senior's background?"
In fact, she had investigated Ye Xuan and the plain-dressed woman. She knew a lot about Ye Xuan, but she knew practically nothing about the plain-dressed woman.
Too mysterious!
What is Qing'er's background?
Ye Xuan shook his head and smiled. Actually, he didn't know either!
He only knew that her name was Qing'er and that she was his relative. Other than that, he knew nothing about her background.
Seeing that Ye Xuan didn't answer, Su Zhe didn't ask any further. Instead, he changed the topic. "Young friend, with Senior's strength, it shouldn't be difficult for her to destroy the Ancient God Abyss. Why is she …"
Ye Xuan sighed softly. "Senior, don't you understand?
She doesn't even care about the Ancient God Abyss! "
Hearing this, Su Zhe's face gradually became solemn!
That's right!
With Senior's strength, does she need to care about the Ancient God Abyss?
Just like an elephant, does it need to care about an ant?
At this moment, Ye Xuan asked again, "Senior, you should know about the Cause of Misfortune, right?"
Su Zhe nodded. Just as he was about to speak, he seemed to have thought of something. His pupils shrank abruptly. "Young friend, do you mean to say that she is blocking the Cause of Misfortune for you?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Su Zhe's expression became incomparably solemn. "No wonder … no wonder you were able to survive until now … I see …"
Ye Xuan suddenly asked, "Senior, what is the realm above Dao Attainment?"
Su Zhe said in a low voice, "Unity!"
Ye Xuan frowned slightly. "Unity?"
Su Zhe nodded. "Unity of All Laws, Unity of All Daos!
Experts who have reached this level can unite all Laws and Daos in the world into one.
Currently, whether it is the Ancient God Abyss or the Ancient God Abyss, experts of this level are few and far between!
As for the Dao Attainment Realm, although there are many Dao Attainment Realm experts in the Ancient God Abyss, those who can truly attain Dao can be counted on one hand. "
Ye Xuan was a little puzzled. "Truly attain Dao Attainment Realm?"
Su Zhe nodded his head slightly. "Every realm is divided into true and false. Some Dao Attained Realm cultivators are not as strong as they used to be. Just like Ye Jun, he was not as strong as he used to be. It could be said that his true strength was not even 60% of the Dao Attained Realm!
If the other party is not as powerful, even if you suppress your realm, you may not be able to defeat him!
Just like you, even if you suppress your realm to the Dao Validation Realm, within the Dao Validation Realm, there are not many who can be your opponent! "
Ye Xuan nodded. "I understand!"
Su Zhe continued, "The Ancient God Abyss has three Venerables, the Heavenly Venerable, the Earthly Venerable, and the Human Venerable!
All three are at the Consolidation Realm, but the Heavenly Venerable is the most terrifying, because she is the kind of Consolidation that is not as powerful as before!
Other than that, the Ancient God Abyss also has the Yin Yang Gods. These two have reached the peak of the Consolidation Realm tens of thousands of years ago. As for now, I'm afraid they are unfathomable. "
As he spoke, he looked at Ye Xuan. "Young friend, I still want to advise you. Why don't you come with me to the Ancient God Abyss!
There, the Ancient God Abyss can protect you. If you are in the Fifth Dimension, the Ancient God Abyss will not be able to help you … "
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "I appreciate senior's kindness!
But you know, if I leave here, the Ancient God Abyss will definitely threaten me with the Fifth Dimension. I will not give up on the Fifth Dimension! "
Su Zhe sighed softly. "But forgive me for being blunt, young friend, with your current strength, there is no way you can fight against the Ancient God Abyss. Unless Miss Nian Nian regains her memory, or the person behind young friend appears!"
Ye Xuan was silent.
When would Nian Nian regain her memory?
He did not know!
As for the Nether World Temple … the current Nether World Temple would not have time to care about him!
It could be said that he could only face everything by himself!
Ye Xuan collected his thoughts and looked at Su Zhe. "Senior, if I may be so bold as to ask a favor!"
Su Zhe nodded. "Young friend, please speak!"
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "Senior, I want you to stay in the Fifth Dimension for three months!
I need three months! "
Su Zhe was silent.
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "If I meet Qing 'er in the future, if you have any questions or want to know, I can ask Qing' er on your behalf!"
Hearing this, Su Zhe's expression changed. He cupped his fists and said, "If that's the case, then this old man will thank you in advance!"
If he could ask the woman in the plain dress for advice, it would definitely be beneficial.
A pointer from that kind of expert was equivalent to ten thousand years of hard work!
Su Zhe continued, "Little friend, I will transfer twenty-six Dao Completion experts to the Fifth Dimension. Apart from this, I will personally invite my master to the Fifth Dimension just in case. With him here, even if the Heavenly Sovereign personally takes action, he will not be able to do anything to you!"
Ye Xuan cupped his fists and said, "Many thanks!"
Su Zhe smiled. "Young friend, this old man also has a favor to ask!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Senior, please speak!"
Su Zhe became serious.
"If you really manage to gather all the Dao scriptures in the future, I hope that you can borrow my Ancient God's Abyss to take a look. Is that possible?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Of course!"
Su Zhe smiled. "Thank you!"
After chatting with Su Zhe for a while, Ye Xuan turned around and left. Su Zhe also left the Fifth Dimension.
From the current situation, he knew that even he could not control this place!
Because not only was there the Dark Abyss, there was also the Whirling World!
It was really difficult!
In the starry sky, Su Zhe suddenly stopped in his tracks. Not far in front of him, stood a woman.
The Heavenly Venerables!
Su Zhe narrowed his eyes. "I didn't expect the Heavenly Venerables to personally come forward!"
The Heavenly Venerables laughed. "Su Zhe, in my impression, you are a cunning person. But this time, it doesn't seem worth it for you to help Ye Xuan!
That doesn't seem like your style! "
Su Zhe was expressionless. "The enemy of the Ancient God's Abyss is the friend of the Ancient God's Abyss!"
The Heavenly Venerables shook his head and laughed. "No!
If I'm not wrong, you are helping him because of the woman behind him! "
Su Zhe looked at the Heavenly Venerables and did not speak.
The Heavenly Venerables' lips curled up. "Su Zhe, I am really curious. How strong is the woman in the plain dress? How could the Ancient God's Abyss spare no effort to help Ye Xuan!"
Su Zhe laughed. "It seems that you are also investigating the … woman in the plain dress!"
He wanted to call him Senior, but after thinking about it, he decided not to!
Why should he let the Ancient God's Abyss know how strong the woman in the plain dress was?
Wouldn't it be better to let them do what they want?
The Heavenly Venerables looked at Su Zhe. "As far as I know, the Whirling Sect, Xuan Huan Sect, and the number one aristocratic family, the Xiao Clan, have all sent people to the Fifth Dimension!
In addition, the Whirling World's Xuanji Sect has already built a transmission array. Once the transmission array is completed, it will be much easier for the Whirling World to come to the Fifth Dimension!
When that time comes, do you know what Ye Xuan will face?
Oh yes, there is also the Ancient God's Abyss! "
Su Zhe was silent.
The Heavenly Venerables laughed. "Su Zhe, the Ancient God's Abyss is helping Ye Xuan. This is equivalent to making everyone your enemy."
Su Zhe laughed. "So what?"
The Heavenly Venerables looked at Su Zhe. After a moment of silence, she laughed. "It seems that the woman in the plain dress is stronger than I thought!
But do you think that she can deal with everyone? "
Su Zhe looked at the Heavenly Venerables and laughed. "Heavenly Venerables, since you have been persuading me for so long, I will also give you a word of advice!
Whether it is the Ancient God's Abyss or the Ancient God's Abyss, it has not been easy for us to survive until now!
The world itself is already very difficult, why do we still have to work hard?
Is the Dao Scripture really that important?
Is it not good to be alive? "
The Heavenly Venerables looked at Su Zhe. "How strong is she!"
Su Zhe was silent.
The Heavenly Venerables laughed. "Let me rephrase my question. If I were to fight with her, what percentage would I have?"
Su Zhe looked at the Heavenly Venerables. "You?"
The Heavenly Venerables nodded. "I should have some chance of winning, right?"
Su Zhe was silent for a moment before replying. "Let's make it three to seven!
You three, she seven! "
The Heavenly Venerables blinked. "Really?"
Su Zhe replied calmly, "I have never lied to anyone before!"
The Heavenly Venerables laughed. "I know!
Thank you for telling me! "
After saying that, she turned and disappeared into the horizon.
Su Zhe said softly, "The feeling of lying is so f * cking satisfying … No wonder Little Friend Ye likes to lie …"
.....








Chapter 1425
The Five-Dimensional Universe.
Inside the Sword Hall, Ye Xuan sat cross-legged on the ground. In front of him was Jia Lou!
He was currently teaching Jia Lou the Dao Scripture Mantra!
Jia Lou also cultivated a Dao Body, but she did not cultivate the Dao Scripture Mantra. Now, he was teaching her the Dao Scripture Mantra without reservation!
Jia Lou's strength was the closest to the Dao Attainment Realm. If she cultivated the Dao Scripture Mantra, her strength would reach a terrifying level!
For now, even Ye Xuan could not compare to her. After all, she was a member of the Dragon Clan and had a unique advantage.
A moment later, Jia Lou stood up and looked at Ye Xuan. "Thank you!"
With that, she returned to the Prison Pagoda!
After a moment of silence, Ye Xuan stood up and left the hall. At this time, Ye Zhiming's voice sounded in his mind. "What plans do you have next?"
Ye Xuan chuckled. "What plans can I have?
I can only take one step at a time! "
Ye Zhiming said solemnly, "We must let Nian Nian recover her memory!"
Ye Xuan smiled bitterly. "I also want to, but you know Nian Nian's situation. She doesn't even know when she will recover her memory!"
After a moment of silence, Ye Zhiming said, "Do you still remember what your aunt said?"
Ye Xuan asked. "What did she say?"
Ye Zhiming said solemnly, "She said that she could not interfere with Nian Nian's matters. In other words, Nian Nian's memory loss … might have been intentional!"
Ye Xuan frowned slightly. "On purpose?"
Ye Zhiming said, "That's my guess!
But why did she lose her memory?
Is it because of the Five-Dimensional Universe?
But now that the Five-Dimensional Universe has recovered … "
Ye Xuan was silent.
In fact, he was also very puzzled. Why did Nian Nian lose her memory?
Did she not want to remember the past?
That shouldn't be the case!
At this time, a middle-aged man suddenly appeared in front of Ye Xuan!
The moment this middle-aged man appeared, Venerable Mi appeared behind Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan looked at the middle-aged man. "From the Saha World?"
The middle-aged man smiled and said, "The Great Elder of the Profound Error Sect, Li Qiuheng!"
Ye Xuan said with a smile: "Sire must have come for the Dao Scripture!"
Li Qiuheng nodded. "Young Master Ye, before I came, An Yuan came looking for me. They wanted to cooperate with my Black Nebulous Sect, but I didn't agree immediately."
As he spoke, he looked at Ye Xuan and said with a smile, "Young master Ye, do you know why I didn't agree immediately?"
Ye Xuan shook his head, "I don't know!"
Li Qiuheng smiled and said, "Young master Ye, you are a smart person. You should understand that with your strength and the strength of the Fifth Dimension, it is impossible to protect those Dao Scriptures!
If that's the case, why don't you hand it over and keep it safe? "
Ye Xuan shook his head and smiled. "Sire, if I hand over the Dao Scripture, will you really let me go?"
Li Qiuheng looked at Ye Xuan. "If you are willing to hand it over, I can't guarantee anything else, but I can guarantee that my Black Nebulous Sect will not be your enemy!"
Ye Xuan was silent.
Li Qiuheng smiled and said, "I know that there is a powerful and mysterious force behind Young Master Ye!
However, Young Master Ye, do you really think that the people behind you can fight against the major sects of the Saha World and An Yuan at the same time? "
Ye Xuan didn't say anything.
Li Qiuheng shook his head and smiled. "Young Master Ye might not understand the Saha World. I can only tell you that any one of the top forces in the Saha World can easily destroy the entire Fifth Dimension!"
Ye Xuan thought about it and then said, "What Senior said makes sense!
This Dao Scripture is a disaster in the hands of me, Ye Xuan.
However, I am a bit unwilling to hand it over like this! "
Li Qiuheng smiled and said, "It is normal to be unwilling. However, although treasures are good, life is more important, isn't it?"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Senior, if I hand over the six Dao Scriptures to you, will I get any benefits?"
Li Qiuheng looked at Ye Xuan and said, "You still want benefits?"
Ye Xuan chuckled and said, "If there are no benefits, who wouldn't I hand it over to?
I don't necessarily have to hand it over to Senior, what do you think? "
Li Qiuheng pointed at Ye Xuan and smiled. "Greedy!
No, you want to use the Dao Scripture to stall for time and buy time for yourself!
Young Master Ye, do you really think that you can deal with our major forces?
You're thinking too simply of us!
We won't give you this opportunity!
Five days, if you don't hand over the Dao Scripture in five days, we will make you and the entire Fifth Dimension disappear from this world.
Of course, Young Master Ye can also hurry up and call for reinforcements … If you are late, it will be too late! "
After saying that, he turned around and left!
After taking a few steps, he suddenly stopped and turned to look at Ye Xuan and said, "I heard that the woman behind you is very strong?"
Ye Xuan looked at Li Qiuheng and Li Qiuheng smiled and said, "If you are pinning your hopes on her, then let me tell you.
Let me tell you, in the future, you will find out what a stupid idea this is! "
After saying that, he turned around and disappeared into the horizon.
Just as Li Qiuheng disappeared, Xuan Chu appeared in front of Ye Xuan.
Xuan Chu looked at Ye Xuan and said, "Don't mind it, the Whirling World is the birthplace of the Dao Scripture and martial arts civilization. The people there look at the people outside the universe like city people look at country people."
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "I don't mind it at all!
I am even a little happy! "
Xuan Chu looked at Ye Xuan and understood!
The more the Whirling World looked down on Ye Xuan, the happier Ye Xuan was!
Xuan Chu said in a deep voice, "What are your plans next?
As far as I know, the experts of the Xuanhuan Sect are already on their way, and there are many of them. In addition, the Xuanji Sect is also building a teleportation array … "
Speaking of this, she looked at Ye Xuan and said, "Originally, it was impossible for the Xuanji Sect to build a teleportation array that can lead to the Five-Dimensional Universe, because it is extremely difficult to come here from the Whirling World. Even the experts of the Consolidation Realm can't easily come to this world. However, because of the Dao Scripture, the major forces of the Whirling World have united like never before. Their goal is not only the Dao Scripture, but also your universe!"
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Resources!"
Xuan Chu nodded and said, "If you want to develop, you must have resources!
And your universe is a good target for the Whirling World.
In addition, because of the Dao Scripture, the major forces of the Whirling World have helped the Xuanji Sect build a teleportation array. What the Whirling World is after is not just the Dao Scripture! "
Ye Xuan looked calm and did not speak. No one knew what he was thinking.
Xuan Chu looked at Ye Xuan and said, "The current situation is that even if you hand over the Dao Scripture, the Whirling World and the Dark Abyss will not let you go!
Your Five-Dimensional Universe, the Dao World, the Six-Dimensional Universe, the Daoting World, and the Celestial Abyss, especially those top-grade mineral veins, are all coveted by them.
Of course, the most important thing is the Dao Scripture. You have six Dao Scriptures, and in addition to the two from the Dark Abyss, you have a total of eight Dao Scriptures … They will go crazy! "
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Xuan Chu, what are you trying to say?"
Xuan Chu said in a deep voice, "I want your six Dao Scriptures!
If you give them to me, I can help you! "
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "How can I help?"
Xuan Chu said, "As long as you give me the Dao Scripture, whether it is the Dark Abyss or the Whirling World, my Whirling Sect will help you deal with them!"
Ye Xuan looked at Xuan Chu and said, "The Whirling Sect is that strong?"
Xuan Chu nodded, "Yes!"
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Xuan Chu, I trust you, but I don't trust the Whirling Sect. Do you understand what I mean?"
Xuan Chu frowned slightly, "Do you think I don't have the ability to make decisions?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Xuan Chu's expression was calm, "If there are no accidents, I will be the next Whirling Sect Master!"
Ye Xuan shook his head, "Xuan Chu, you said it yourself!
If there are no accidents … Also, Miss Xuan Chu, I, Ye Xuan, will not put my fate in the hands of others. If I give you the Dao Scripture and you suddenly ignore me, won't I be embarrassed? "
Xuan Chu was silent.
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Miss Xuan Chu, I appreciate your kindness!"
After saying that, he turned and left.
Xuan Chu looked at Ye Xuan in the distance and sighed softly.
At this time, an old man appeared beside her and said in a deep voice, "Heavenly Venerable An Yuan contacted us!
He asked if we are interested in joining forces! "
Xuan Chu shook her head, "I'm not interested!"
The old man frowned slightly, "Why?"
Xuan Chu spoke softly, "Because I feel that something bad will happen if they target Ye Xuan like this!"
The old man spoke in a low voice, "You're talking about the people behind him?"
Xuan Chu closed her eyes slowly, "So many people are bullying him, so those people definitely won't sit idly by …."
The old man hesitated for a moment before he said, "I know that the Blackout Sect, the Profound Secrets School, the Xiao Clan, and the Dao Return Institute have joined forces with An Yuan this time. Their true objective isn't just Ye Xuan himself, it's the people behind him as well!
If we don't participate now, then once Ye Xuan is defeated in the future, our Whirling Sect won't have a share in the Dao Scripture!
Moreover, we might even be isolated by these powers. So, now …. "
Xuan Chu suddenly looked at the old man, "Is this what the Sect Master wants?"
The old man shook his head, "The Sect Master wants you and Exalt Yue to make the decision!"
Xuan Chu spoke in a low voice, "When will Master arrive?"
The old man replied, "I don't know!"
Xuan Chu looked at the old man, and the old man spoke in a low voice, "Exalt Yue has already stopped contacting me … She might have already arrived in the Fifth Dimension …"
Xuan Chu fell silent.
The old man continued, "There's one more thing, and that is that the transmission array has already been completed under the alliance of several great powers.
The Dao Scripture is almost complete!
Once it's completed, a large number of super experts will rush over to the Fifth Dimension … At that time, Ye Xuan will … "
He didn't continue!
Xuan Chu spoke softly, "Their true objective is the people behind Ye Xuan and Mu Niannian …"
The old man nodded, "An Yuan will also send a large number of experts to the Fifth Dimension. They only have one goal, and that is to force the power behind Ye Xuan to show themselves!
Then, they will be destroyed! "
Xuan Chu looked down at the Fifth Dimension and spoke softly, "Will they show themselves to help Ye Xuan?"
The old man spoke in a low voice, "If they don't show themselves, Ye Xuan will definitely die!
The Fifth Dimension will definitely be destroyed! "
At this moment, the old man turned around. Behind them was a woman!
Senior Sister Lu!
The old man glanced at Senior Sister Lu, but didn't speak.
In fact, they already knew that Senior Sister Lu was here.
Xuan Chu looked at Senior Sister Lu, "Can you persuade Ye Xuan?"
Senior Sister Lu was expressionless, "Why should I persuade him?
Does he really think that the Yang family is easy to bully? "
After saying this, she turned around and left.
Xuan Chu frowned slightly, "Yang family?
What family? "
The old man shook his head, "Never heard of it!"
Xuan Chu was silent.
...
Spirit Palace.
On this day, Senior Sister Lu came to the Spirit Palace and found Ling 'er. She looked at Ling' er, "You can contact that little white fellow, right?"
Ling 'er nodded.
Senior Sister Lu was expressionless, "Contact her!"
Ling 'er hesitated for a moment, then opened a box …
Somewhere in the distant starry sky, the little white thing next to the azure-robed man suddenly stopped. She hurried to open a box. A moment later, she suddenly lifted her head to look at Ye Xuan. Then she waved her little paw quickly!
The green-robed man was silent.
Beside him, the spear-wielding woman looked at the green-robed man, "If you don't care, I will go back!"
The green-robed man shook his head, "It's too late!
We are too far away from him!
Unless we shatter the starry sky!
Even if we shatter the starry sky, it will still take a month! "
The spear-wielding woman raised her eyebrows slightly, "So what?"
The green-robed man held the spear-wielding woman's hand and said softly, "I will inform a few people!"
As his voice fell, he opened his palm, and a ray of sword light suddenly shot up into the sky. The next moment, the ray of sword light split into several rays of sword aura and disappeared in the starry sky.
...
On the peak of an unknown mountain, a woman sat cross-legged on a boulder. Suddenly, she opened her eyes. In the sky in front of her, the space was torn apart by a ray of sword aura!
The woman opened her right hand, and the ray of sword aura fell into her hand. When she saw the sword aura, the woman looked excited, "You finally contacted me!"
As she said this, she frowned slightly, "The Five-Dimensional Universe?
The Dark Abyss?
I should have killed all these pieces of trash back then! "
As soon as she finished speaking, she suddenly drew her sword and slashed forward. With this slash, the space in front of her split open. In the next moment, she turned into a ray of sword light and entered the pitch-black space. Soon after, a ray of sword light tore through the pitch-black space tunnel …
...
On the other side, in an unknown galaxy, a woman slowly walked in a resplendent galaxy. The starry sky around her was dazzling, mysterious, and beautiful.
This woman wore a white robe, and there was a wine gourd hanging on her waist.
At this moment, the woman suddenly stopped. Not far in front of her, there was a black door floating in the air.
The woman said softly, "The Cause of Disaster … Brother, was it forced on you by others, or is it your own … I will investigate clearly …"
As she said this, she walked towards the black door floating in the air.
At this moment, a ray of sword aura suddenly appeared not far behind her. The woman turned around and opened her palm. The ray of sword aura fell into her palm. A moment later, the woman's expression suddenly became ferocious, "Bandit Yang, if anything happens to him, I will fuse with that woman and blow your dog head off!"
After saying that, she suddenly threw a punch in front of her.
Boom!
Under this punch, the starry sky was destroyed, and nothing existed.
The next moment, a ray of white light tore through the pitch-black space …
...
This was an unknown starry sky. In the starry sky, there was a stone staircase that was millions of feet long.
The stone staircase stood in the starry sky, and at the end of the stone staircase, there was a huge stone door.
On the stone staircase, a Swordsman wearing a cloud white robe walked slowly …
....
PS: The college entrance examination is over.
Tomorrow will be early!
One vote is also love!








Chapter 1426
Around them, the starry sky was deathly silent.
On the stone steps, Swordsman was walking slowly and calmly.
At the bottom of the stone steps, there was a sloppily dressed old man. The old man's hair was long and messy, and at his waist, there was a small black wine pot.
At this moment, this sloppy old man was staring at the Swordsman on the stone steps.
The stone steps were nine hundred and ninety thousand zhang in total, one zhang was a Dao Law, one zhang was a Heaven and Earth, one zhang was a whirling wind …
The stone steps were the road, and the stone door at the end was the legendary Dao Gate!
What was the Dao Gate?
According to legend, it was an inheritance left behind by the Dao Scripture's owner. Once you enter the Dao Gate, you can obtain the Dao.
After the Dao Scripture's owner, no one had ever reached the Dao Gate.
Even the four disciples of the Dao Scripture's owner did not. Not only that, they did not even reach half the distance.
At this moment, Swordsman was only ten thousand zhang away from the Dao Gate.
At this time, the Swordsman suddenly sped up!
He walked faster and faster!
The Dao Law on the Dao Path did not seem to have any effect on him!
Seeing the Swordsman suddenly speed up, the sloppy old man's pupils shrank, his eyes filled with disbelief.
Soon, the Swordsman arrived in front of the Dao Gate.
The stone door slowly opened, and a voice floated out from inside. "Enter this door, and you can obtain the Dao."
The Swordsman chuckled. "Dao?
Can you block my sword? "
With that, he turned around and floated away.
The stone door was empty and quiet.
When the Swordsman returned to the starting point, the sloppy old man suddenly said with a trembling voice: "Your excellency … why don't you go in and see?
You can obtain the true Dao by entering this door! "
The Swordsman did not look back. "I am already invincible, why would I need to enter the Dao?"
The sloppy old man was petrified.
At this time, the starry sky several hundred zhang in front of the Swordsman suddenly split open, and a strand of sword qi floated out.
The Swordsman opened his palm, and the strand of sword qi steadily fell in front of him.
A moment later, the Swordsman looked up into the distance and whispered: "The Five Dimensional Universe?"
At this point, he turned to look at the sloppy old man. "Can you do me a small favor?"
The sloppy old man hurriedly said, "Senior, please speak!"
Senior!
In fact, the sloppy old man felt rather complicated. How many years had it been?
When had he ever called anyone senior?
Swordsman smiled faintly. "The son of an old friend has encountered some trouble in the Fifth Dimension. The people there are too weak, so I have no interest in going there. However, the son of an old friend is in trouble, so I have no choice but to help, so …"
The slovenly old man hurriedly said, "This junior is willing to go and help!"
This was a great opportunity to form a good relationship!
Why would such an expert seek his help?
Such an opportunity was hard to come by even in ten thousand years!
Swordsman nodded. "Since you've done me a favor, I should also do you a favor. Tell me!"
The sloppy old man hurriedly bowed respectfully, "Senior, please give me some pointers!"
Swordsman shook his head. "I can't guide you!"
The sloppy old man was puzzled. "Why?"
Swordsman chuckled. "You are within the realm, but I am not!"
The sloppy old man was stunned. "Not within the realm?"
Swordsman nodded. "I don't have a realm!"
The sloppy old man: "…"
Swordsman suddenly walked into the distance. "The Dao is in the heart, and you are the Dao. There is no need to become someone else's Dao. Since you have reached the end of the road, why not try another one?"
As he spoke, he had already disappeared at the end of the starry sky. At the same time, a voice came from the end of the starry sky. "Actually, there is nothing wrong with being weak. At least, you can taste the taste of defeat …"
At the stone steps, the sloppy old man was silent. After a long time, he respectfully bowed towards the distance. "Thank you for your guidance!"
As he said this, he turned to look at the stone door with a complicated expression. "Master, I finally know why you are disappointed in us!
It turns out that you don't want us to follow your path … "
After saying this, he turned and left.
...
Qingcheng.
On this day, a woman arrived at Qingcheng. The woman wore a long white dress and was as beautiful as a fairy. As soon as she stepped into Qingcheng, she attracted the attention of countless people around her.
Although many people around her had lustful thoughts, no one dared to offend her.
The woman slowly arrived at the Ye Family.
At this time, the Ye Family had already declined. There were only a few people left in the entire Ye Family.
The woman walked towards the Ye Family. At this time, a Ye Family guard blocked in front of the woman. He glanced at the woman. "You are?"
The woman smiled faintly, and in the next moment, she had already disappeared. The guard was stunned.
When the woman reappeared, she was already in the Ye Residence. To be precise, she was in the small courtyard where Ye Xuan and Ye Ling used to live.
The woman looked around and smiled. "Ye Xuan …"
At this time, a weak voice sounded behind the woman. "You are?"
The woman turned around. In front of her stood an extremely weak old man.
The woman looked at the old man and did not speak.
The old man said with a trembling voice, "Do you know Ye Xuan?"
The woman nodded. "I do!"
The old man hurriedly asked, "Is he dead?"
The woman shook her head. "No!"
The old man was stunned. Then, he fell to the ground. "He's not dead yet …"
The woman looked at the old man. "You're going to die!"
The old man smiled miserably. "I know …"
The woman smiled. "You want him to die?
Why is that? "
The old man's expression suddenly became resentful. "He killed my grandson and caused me to become like this. Do you think I shouldn't want him to die?"
The woman shook her head and smiled. "So it's you. I heard that you forced him to leave the Ye Family …"
The old man stared at the woman. "He was never a member of the Ye Family!"
The woman smiled. "In your heart, you think that your grandson and the Ye Family Patriarch's position are the most important. But do you know that your so-called Patriarch's position is nothing in his eyes?
He was born in your Ye Family. In fact, it was a great opportunity for your Ye Family. If you had used this opportunity well, I believe that the fate of your Ye Family would have been changed!
Unfortunately, you forcibly turned this opportunity into an ill-fated relationship! "
The old man looked at the woman. "What level has he reached now?
Has he reached the Dharma Realm? "
The woman blinked. "Dharma Realm?"
The old man stared at the woman. "I heard that the strongest in the entire Azure Province is the Dharma Realm!
Has he reached the Dharma Realm? "
The woman smiled. "He's probably tens of thousands of times stronger than the Dharma Realm!
With his current strength, he should be able to destroy your Azure Province with a sneeze! "
Hearing this, the old man was stunned. Then, as if he had gone mad, he said, "Impossible … He can't be that strong …"
The woman ignored the old man. She turned around and looked around. Then, she said softly, "This small place can't cultivate someone like him …"
With that, she slowly closed her eyes. Soon, the surrounding space trembled.
Seeing this, the old man's expression changed. He quickly retreated. "You …"
At this moment, the woman suddenly opened her eyes. She narrowed her eyes. "I can't find out … What kind of force is behind you …"
A moment later, the woman turned around and left.
Behind her, the old man said in a trembling voice, "Who, who are you!"
The woman smiled. "I come from the Whirling World. Hmm, you probably haven't heard of it.
This time, I came to the Ye family to see his past and then to see the woman behind him. Unfortunately, she didn't leave any information.
However, it's not like I didn't gain anything! "
After saying that, she disappeared.
"Whirling World?"
In the field, the old man's eyes were filled with confusion. What was that place?
...
The Five-Dimensional Universe.
Somewhere in the starry sky, the Celestial Venerable stood quietly. Behind her were the Master and the Earth Venerable.
On the right of the Celestial Venerable stood a middle-aged man. He was Li Qiuheng of the Xuanhuan Sect.
Opposite Li Qiuheng was a middle-aged man. This person was Ye Jun, whose body had been destroyed by Ye Xuan.
At this moment, an old man suddenly appeared in front of everyone.
Li Qiuheng glanced at the old man and smiled. "So it's Elder Hu Bugui of the Dao Returning Academy."
The old man called Hu Bugui said indifferently, "I heard that you're preparing to join forces to deal with the force behind Ye Xuan?"
The Celestial Venerable smiled. "Yes!"
Hu Bugui looked at the Celestial Venerable. "Count the Dao Returning Academy in!"
The Celestial Venerable smiled. "Welcome!"
Li Qiuheng suddenly looked at the Celestial Venerable. "Celestial Venerable, is the force behind Ye Xuan really that strong?"
The Celestial Venerable said softly, "Everyone, there was a woman who appeared to help Ye Xuan before, and she killed my third brother in the Dark Abyss Forbidden Area. My third brother is also at the Consolidation Realm, and the other party is only a clone!"
Hearing this, everyone's expressions became solemn.
A clone!
A clone had killed a Consolidation Realm expert!
The Celestial Venerable continued, "Also, you should already know that Ye Xuan has the Calamity Cause, but he's still alive. If I'm not wrong, someone must be blocking the Calamity Cause for him!"
In the distance, Hu Bugui frowned. "What kind of force is it?"
The Celestial Venerable shook his head. "I don't know, but I'm sure that it's definitely a very strong force!"
"Very strong?"
Hu Bugui sneered. "Isn't that a little exaggerated?"
The Celestial Venerable looked at Hu Bugui and smiled. "Can you kill a Consolidation Realm expert with a clone?"
Hu Bugui fell silent.
He couldn't!
Hu Bugui looked at the Celestial Venerable. "But I don't think there are many experts of that level!"
The Celestial Venerable asked, "What if there are many?"
Hu Bugui frowned. "How is that possible? Even in the Whirling World, there aren't many experts of that level …"
The Celestial Venerable smiled. "What if there are many?"
At this moment, Li Qiuheng suddenly said, "The Celestial Venerable is right, what if there are many?
Even if there aren't many, what if there are two or three? "
Hu Bugui fell silent.
The Celestial Venerable smiled. "I, An Yuan, suffered a great loss because I underestimated him!"
As she said this, she looked down and said softly, "Everyone, if we want to destroy Ye Xuan and obtain the Dao Scripture, we must first take care of the people behind him.
So, this time, everyone, don't hide it anymore!
Call as many experts as you can! "
Hu Bugui frowned. "If we call too many experts, what if the people behind him are afraid and don't show up? Wouldn't it be a loss?"
The Celestial Venerable said softly, "That's true …"
....








Chapter 1427
In the starry sky, Li Qiuheng said, "We can do this, call more experts, but let the Consolidation Realm experts hide in the dark. Once the people behind Ye Xuan appear, we can annihilate them in one fell swoop!"
As he spoke, he glanced at the crowd. "What do you think?"
Li Qiuheng smiled and said, "That's fine!"
As he spoke, he looked at the Celestial Venerate. "Celestial Venerate, what do you think?"
After a moment of silence, the Empyrean said, "I feel that we shouldn't underestimate the people behind him. It's better to be safe than sorry."
Li Qiuheng smiled and said, "I know Sky Sovereign's concerns. Therefore, just in case, my Black Illusion Sect will send six peak Consolidation Realm experts and twenty Dao Attainment Realm experts to the Fifth Dimension!"
Hu Bugui added, "The Dao Returning Academy will also send six peak Unity realm experts and twenty Dao Attainment realm experts!"
As he spoke, he looked at Ye Jun.
After a moment of silence, Ye Jun said, "I'll withdraw!"
Quit?
Everyone looked at Ye Jun.
Ye Jun said indifferently, "Everyone, my Ye Family isn't as strong as you all, so we won't get involved!"
With that, he turned around and left.
Although the Ye Family was not considered weak in the Whirling World, it was not particularly strong either!
He had initially sought out Ye Xuan because he didn't know Ye Xuan's background. However, after hearing the Heavenly Venerate's words, he realized that Ye Xuan wasn't as simple as he seemed!
Even the Dark Abyss needed to join forces with the Whirling World. One could imagine how powerful the force behind Ye Xuan was!
At this time, if the Ye Clan still wanted to participate, it would be very stupid.
Moreover, even if he won in the end.
The Ye Family would not benefit at all, because the Ye Family was much weaker than the other forces!
Therefore, no matter if they won or lost, the Ye Family would not benefit from it!
Leaving was the best choice!
As for the grudge of having his body severed by Ye Xuan … He no longer cared!
It was good enough that he was alive!
The others didn't say anything when they saw Ye Jun leave, nor did they try to persuade him to leave.
The Ye Family's strength was indeed nothing to them.
Meanwhile, Li Qiuheng suddenly said, "What's the attitude of the Whirling Sect?"
The Whirling Sect!
Everyone looked at the Heavenly Exalt when they heard this.
The Whirling Sect's attitude was extremely important because the Whirling Sect was known as the number one sect in the Whirling World!
After all, the Whirling Sect possessed the last Dao Scripture. Yet, it was still standing. Just this alone was sufficient to prove how powerful the Whirling Sect was!
The Empyrean said softly, "Their attitude is unclear!
However, we can be sure that even if they don't help us, they will definitely not help Ye Xuan! "
Li Qiuheng nodded. "Although the Whirling Sect is strong, they will definitely not go against all of us just for Ye Xuan!
However, we have to be careful. If they really help Ye Xuan, then the matter will be slightly troublesome! "
The Empyrean nodded. "I'll go see them again and probe their attitude!"
After that, she looked at Li Qiuheng. "When will Profound Theory Sect's teleportation array be completed?"
Li Qiuheng said solemnly, "Five days at most!"
Five days!
The Heavenly Exalt nodded and said, "The Xiao Clan also participated in the construction of the teleportation formation, right?"
Li Qiuheng nodded. "Not only the Xiao Clan, but the Whirling Sect also participated!"
The Empyrean smiled. "It seems that you are very ambitious."
Li Qiuheng smiled. "Since we're here, we naturally can't just bring along the Dao Scripture.
What do you say, Empyrean? "
The Empyrean smiled. "Of course!
You guys chat. I'll go see the two from the Whirling Sect and see what their attitude is! "
After that, she left with the Earth Venerable and the Deceased Master.
Li Qiuheng looked at the Fifth Dimension below. "Let's get ready!"
After that, everyone left. The starry sky became quiet.
...
Dao City, inside the Sword Hall.
Ye Xuan and Guan Yin sat opposite each other.
Venerable Mi was also beside Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan suddenly looked at Venerable Mi. "Are there many people coming recently?"
Venerable Mi nodded. "In the Fifth Dimension, more and more mysterious experts are appearing!
Most of them are from the Whirling World! "
After that, he paused. "We must think of a countermeasure!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "I know!"
After that, he looked at Guan Yin. "What's the overall situation in the Fifth Dimension?"
Guan Yin said in a low voice, "There are no problems internally!
But … if the Whirling World and the Dark Abyss really join forces, then we … "
Ye Xuan was silent.
Guan Yin said again, "No matter what, we cannot fight in the Fifth Dimension. Otherwise, it will cause a destructive blow to the Fifth Dimension!"
Venerable Mi sighed. "Their goal is the Fifth Dimension. Therefore, they will definitely not place the battlefield elsewhere. Moreover, we are very passive."
After that, he looked at Ye Xuan. "Sect Master, I feel that even if the Ancient God Abyss helps us, we have no chance of winning. Moreover, if they pay too high a price, they will most likely withdraw!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "This time, we can only rely on ourselves."
Venerable Mi wanted to say something but stopped.
Ye Xuan said softly, "Based on the current situation, we have no chance of winning!
Am I right? "
Venerable Mi said in a low voice, "Unless Miss Nian Nian regains her memory!"
Nian Nian!
Guan Yin and Ye Xuan looked at Ye Xuan. The only thing that could save the Fifth Dimension now was Nian Nian.
As long as Nian Nian regained her memory, all the problems would be solved.
But the problem was that Nian Nian showed no signs of recovering!
Ye Xuan suddenly stood up and left. Inside the hall, Venerable Mi and Guan Yin looked at each other.
Ye Xuan came to the starry sky and looked down at the Fifth Dimension.
This was the place that Ye Xuan wanted to protect!
But now, with the Whirling World and the Dark World joining forces, could he still protect this universe?
As if thinking of something, he opened his palm and six scrolls of Dao Scripture appeared in his hand.
Ye Zhiming suddenly said, "What's your plan?
Hand it over? "
Ye Xuan shook his head. "It's useless to hand it over. Because their goal is not only the Dao Scripture, but also this universe."
Ye Zhiming said in a low voice, "Compared to the Whirling World, the Fifth Dimension and the Daoting are too weak.
As for the Ancient God Abyss, as Venerable Mi said, if they pay too much, they will most likely retreat! "
Ye Xuan was silent.
Ye Zhiming said again, "Do you want to use this Dao Scripture to make them kill each other?"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "Impossible!
Those people are not stupid. If I do that, I will only give away the Dao Scripture for nothing! "
Ye Zhiming said, "Whirling School?"
Ye Xuan still shook his head. "The Whirling Sect is powerful, but they only want my Taoist scripture. They won't really help me. Even if they help me, they will only help me. They won't help the entire Five-Dimensional Universe!
They will even give up the Fifth Dimension to ease the relationship with other forces … In short, they will not rely on others. "
Ye Zhiming said in a low voice, "Can you contact the woman in the plain dress?"
Ye Xuan raised his head and looked into the depths of the starry sky. He could not sense the woman at all!
Ye Zhiming said in a low voice, "This time is not like before. If the difference in strength between us is too great, the Fifth Dimension might become chaotic."
Ye Xuan nodded. This was also the problem he was most worried about!
If the Whirling World and the Dark World joined hands, the Fifth Dimension would not be able to resist!
In this situation, many experts in the Fifth Dimension might collapse.
But this was normal, because the difference in strength between the two sides was too great.
Ye Zhiming said, "What are your plans?"
Ye Xuan was silent. After a while, he looked at the Dao Scripture in his hand. This Dao Scripture was a hot potato!
Actually, if it was only because of the Dao Scripture, it would be easy to deal with. But the problem was not only the Dao Scripture. The Whirling World built the teleportation array to invade this universe and take it for themselves!
As if he thought of something, Ye Xuan squinted his eyes. "Teleportation array!"
Ye Zhiming said solemnly, "If the teleportation array can't be built, then the Whirling World won't pose much of a threat to us. If there is only Dark Abyss, then Ancient God Abyss won't have to sacrifice too much and the situation will become advantageous to us.
Of course, the prerequisite is to stop them from building the teleportation array! "
Ye Xuan suddenly kept the Dao Scripture and came to Seven's room. Ye Xuan said solemnly, "Seven, I want you to help me find someone!"
Seven looked at Ye Xuan, "Who!"
Ye Xuan said a few words and moments later, Seven got up and left. "Hold on until I return!"
After saying that, she turned into a streak of sword light and disappeared.
At the entrance of the room, Ye Xuan raised his head and looked at the sky, "I will try my best!"
After saying that, he disappeared.
Soon, Ye Xuan found Xuan Chu because he had to ask Xuan Chu to know the coordinates of the teleportation array built by Xuanji Sect.
Xuan Chu looked at Ye Xuan, "You want to destroy the teleportation array!"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Xuan Chu shook his head, "Impossible!
That teleportation array was built by a few major forces … Moreover, my Whirling Sect also participated in it. It's definitely not something you can destroy! "
Ye Xuan smiled, "I still want to try!"
Xuan Chu fell silent.
Ye Xuan asked again, "Can I?"
After a moment of silence, Xuan Chu said, "It's in the starry sky 120 thousand li south of here. That's the coordinates chosen by Xuanji Sect. They didn't expect you to destroy the teleportation array, so you can try."
Ye Xuan cupped his fists, "Thank you!"
After saying that, he got up and was about to leave.
Xuan Chu suddenly said, "Even if you destroy the teleportation array, you'll only buy some time!
And they won't give up! "
Ye Xuan said softly, "All I need is some time!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he vanished.
Xuan Chu frowned slightly, "What did he mean?"
Ye Xuan didn't swagger off. Instead, he left Dao City stealthily and arrived at a starry sky according to Xuan Chu's directions.
This starry sky was the teleportation coordinates chosen by Xuanji Sect.
Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes, and it didn't take long for the Spatial Dao Law to appear between his brows. A short while later, Ye Xuan suddenly opened his eyes and looked into the distance. The space there was 300m away was the coordinates chosen by Xuanji Sect because he'd sensed a mysterious force there!
Ye Xuan was about to attack when a voice resounded from behind him, "If you dare to attack, you'll die right now!"
.....








Chapter 1428
Ye Xuan turned around. In front of him stood a woman.
She was dressed in a spotless white dress.
The woman smiled, "I am Xuan Chu's master!"
Xuan Chu's master!
Ye Xuan looked at the woman, "Whirling Sect!"
The woman nodded, "Yes!
You can call me Yue Zun. They all call me that! "
Ye Xuan was silent.
The woman smiled, "Don't worry. I have no ill intentions towards you. Whirling Sect will not ally with An Yuan."
Ye Xuan looked at the woman, "Why?"
The woman smiled, "There are two reasons. First, I am good friends with the ancestor of Daoting, Zhao Zhiqing.
As for the second reason, I can't tell you for now! "
Ye Xuan smiled, "Don't you want the Dao Scripture?"
Yue Zun said, "We want it, but we won't snatch it from you!"
Ye Xuan looked at Yue Zun, "Why?"
Yue Zun smiled, "I won't answer this question!"
As she spoke, she looked at the space a hundred zhang in front of Ye Xuan, "Do you really think you can destroy this teleportation array?"
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Sir, please give me some pointers!"
Yue Zun smiled, "In that space, there are at least five Consolidation Realm experts protecting the array. If you go in, do you think you can fight against five Consolidation Realm experts?"
Ye Xuan shook his head, "I can't!"
Yue Zun walked in front of Ye Xuan and looked at Ye Xuan, "Now, you have two choices. First, take the Fifth Dimension Tendo and run as far as you can. If you want to escape, with the help of Ancient God Abyss, they might not be able to catch you!
Second, hand over the Dao Scripture! "
Ye Xuan smiled, "Give it to Whirling Sect?"
Yue Zun nodded, "If you give it to my Whirling Sect, I can promise you that my Whirling Sect will protect your Fifth Dimension."
Ye Xuan shook his head, "I don't believe you!"
Venerable Yue smiled, "Why?"
Ye Xuan looked at Yue Zun, "Are you the Sect Leader of Whirling Sect?"
Yue Zun shook his head, "No, but the Whirling Sect's Sect Leader is my Senior Sister. Normally, she would not go back on her word!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Average?"
Venerable Yue smiled and said, "Then do you have a better choice?"
Ye Xuan looked at Yue Zun, "Miss Yue, I can choose to die together with you."
As soon as he finished speaking, he turned around and transformed into a streak of sword light that vanished into the horizon.
Indiscriminate destruction!
Yue Zun spoke softly, "Would you do that?"
Right at this moment, the space before her suddenly started trembling. Yue Zun frowned slightly when he witnessed this scene, "So quickly?
Looks like he can't wait any longer! "
...
Ye Xuan returned to the Fifth Dimension. He looked at the world below him in silence.
Passive!
The current situation in the Fifth Dimension was too passive!
Although the Ancient God Abyss had agreed to help, he knew that if the price was too high, the Ancient God Abyss would definitely retreat!
Because it was impossible for the Ancient God Abyss to become enemies with so many forces!
Currently, if the Ancient God Abyss retreated, the Fifth Dimension would not be able to fight back!
Why did the Whirling World and the Ancient God Abyss join hands?
It was because they wanted to deal with the forces behind him!
However, he was aggrieved because he did not know what forces were behind him!
What forces were behind him?
Ye Xuan was also a little confused.
He only knew of Qing 'er. As for the others, he wasn't familiar with them, including the aunt from the Nether World Hall who had come earlier!
Thinking of this, Ye Xuan sighed softly. Why did he feel like a scapegoat?
At this moment, a woman suddenly appeared in front of Ye Xuan. It was the Sky Sovereign.
The Sky Sovereign looked at Ye Xuan and said with a smile, "You are very calm!
If I'm not wrong, you must have contacted the people behind you.
Am I right? "
Ye Xuan was silent. He wanted to curse!
Contact?
I will contact your mother!
Qingcheng, Ye Clan, Ancestral Hall.
"Ancestors, Ye Xuan has no talent, no virtue … From now on, Ye Xuan's position as Crown Prince will be replaced by Ye Lang."
The one who spoke was an old man wearing a black robe.
Not far behind the old man stood a youth with a faint smile on his face.
This person was Ye Lang.
On both sides were the Ye Clan's Elders.
"Why!"
At this moment, a timid voice suddenly rang out in the ancestral hall.
Everyone turned to look and saw a little girl standing at the door. She was about 12 or 13 years old, and her hands were tightly gripping the hem of her skirt. Her face had a sickly pallor, and she looked a little weak. There was even a trace of fear in her eyes.
This little girl was called Ye Ling, Ye Xuan's sister. When she heard that the clan wanted to remove Ye Xuan, she rushed over despite her illness.
The black-robed old man frowned, "Ye Ling, what are you doing!"
The little girl called Ye Ling bowed to the people in the ancestral hall and said timidly, "Great Elder, my brother Ye Xuan is a Crown Prince. Why did you discard him for no reason?"
The Great Elder looked at Ye Ling coldly, "This is a matter of the clan. Why are you interrupting?
Leave! "
Ye Ling was afraid and didn't dare to look at the Great Elder, but she didn't leave. Instead, she plucked up her courage and walked into the ancestral hall. She bowed again to the Elders on both sides, "Elders, my brother is fighting with the Li Clan for the mining rights in Nanshan. He's fighting for the clan, and we don't know if he's dead or alive. But the clan is using a groundless excuse to discard his position. This is really unfair."
"Impudent!"
The Great Elder suddenly said angrily, "It's not up to a little girl like you to decide whether to discard him or not.
Men, drag her away. "
At this moment, the new Crown Prince Ye Lang suddenly smiled and said, "She should be flogged thirty times as a warning to others!"
The Great Elder said coldly, "Then flog her thirty times!"
Soon, two guards of the Ye Clan rushed in.
Ye Ling clenched her fists and said angrily, "This is unfair. My brother has risked his life for the clan for so many years. Even now, he's fighting for the clan. The clan is so unfair to him …"
One of the guards glanced at the new Crown Prince Ye Lang. He knew it was his chance to show off.
The guard sneered, "Young Master Ye Lang inherits the position of Crown Prince. Why are you shouting?" As he said this, he raised his hand and slapped Ye Ling's face.
Slap!
A crisp slap sounded. The right side of Ye Ling's face instantly turned red and swollen. But she didn't cry. She just held her cheek tightly.
Ye Lang looked at the guard and smiled, "What's your name?"
The guard hurriedly bowed, "I'm Zhang Mu. Greetings, Crown Prince."
Ye Lang nodded, "You're not bad. After I become the Crown Prince, I'll need ten guards. You can be my guard from now on."
Hearing this, Zhang Mu was overjoyed. He hurriedly bowed deeply, "I'm willing to go through fire and water for the Crown Prince!"
Ye Lang nodded slightly, "Drag him away. This person is disturbing the ancestral hall. Don't show any mercy. Do you understand?"
Zhang Mu glanced at Ye Lang. When he saw the murderous intent in Ye Lang's eyes, he understood.
He immediately grabbed Ye Ling's hair and dragged her out.
At this moment, Zhang Mu suddenly stopped when he saw something.
In the ancestral hall, everyone turned their heads to look outside.
Not far from the ancestral hall, a young man was walking toward the ancestral hall. The young man was wearing a tight-fitting robe. The robe was tattered and covered in blood.
This young man was Ye Xuan, who had rushed back from Nanshan!
Seeing Ye Xuan, Ye Lang's lips curled into a sinister smile.
Inside the ancestral hall, the Elders frowned.
The Great Elder narrowed his eyes, his face dark and gloomy. No one knew what he was thinking.
From afar, when Ye Xuan saw Zhang Mu dragging Ye Ling, his face turned savage. "Who gave you the guts to touch my sister?"
When Zhang Mu saw Ye Xuan, his face changed. He hurriedly looked at Ye Lang and was about to speak. At this time, Ye Xuan was like a ferocious tiger leaping in front of him. Before the latter could react, Ye Xuan's fist landed on his face.
Peng!
Zhang Mu felt a wave of dizziness, and he stumbled and fell.
However, Ye Ling did not stop there. He charged at Zhang Mu again. At this time, Ye Lang suddenly roared, "Ye Xuan, he's my man. How dare you …"
Ye Xuan suddenly stepped on Zhang Mu's chest.
Pu!
Zhang Mu spat out a mouthful of blood.
Seeing this, Ye Lang's face turned ugly. Ye Xuan looked up at him and said, "Your man?"
As he spoke, he stepped on Zhang Mu's face.
Zhang Mu's face turned into a bloody mess, as he screamed, "Prince, save, save me …"
Ye Xuan did not care about Zhang Mu, as he walked up to Ye Ling. Seeing Ye Ling's appearance, Ye Xuan felt as though his heart was being cut by a knife. He clenched his fists, and his entire body trembled.
When Ye Ling saw Ye Xuan, her tears flowed out, "Brother, it hurts, it hurts …"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan's expression turned savage. In the next instant, he charged in front of Zhang Mu and kicked Zhang Mu's head.
Peng!
Qingcheng, Ye Clan, Ancestral Hall.
"Ancestors, Ye Xuan has no talent, no virtue … From now on, Ye Xuan's position as Prince shall be replaced by Ye Lang."
The one who spoke was an old man in black robes.
Not far behind the old man, there was a youth with a faint smile on his face.
This person was Ye Lang.
On both sides were the Elders of the Ye Clan.
"Why!?"
At this time, a timid voice rang out in the Ancestral Hall.
Everyone turned to look and saw a little girl standing at the door. She was about 12 or 13 years old, and her hands were tightly gripping the hem of her skirt. Her face had a sickly pallor, and she looked a little weak. There was even a trace of fear in her eyes.
This little girl was called Ye Ling, and she was Ye Xuan's younger sister. When she heard that Ye Xuan was to be replaced, she disregarded her illness and rushed over.
The black-robed old man frowned, "Ye Ling, what are you doing!?"
The little girl called Ye Ling bowed to the people in the Ancestral Hall, and said timidly, "Great Elder, my brother Ye Xuan is a Prince, why did you discard him for no reason?"
The Great Elder looked at Ye Ling coldly, "This is a matter of the Clan, what are you interrupting?
Leave! "
Ye Ling was obviously afraid, and did not dare to look at the Great Elder, but she did not leave. Instead, she plucked up her courage and entered the Ancestral Hall. She bowed to the Elders on both sides, "Elders, my brother is fighting with the Li Clan over the mining rights at Nanshan. He is fighting for the Clan, and we don't know if he's dead or alive. Yet, the Clan is using a groundless excuse to discard his position. This is unfair."
"Impudent!"
The Great Elder suddenly raged, "Whether he discards his position or not, it's not up to a little girl like you to decide.
Men, drag her away. "
At this time, the new Prince, Ye Lang, suddenly laughed, "You should be flogged 30 times as a warning to others!"
The Great Elder replied coldly, "Then flog her 30 times!"
Soon, two guards of the Ye Clan rushed in.
Ye Ling clenched her fists, and said angrily, "This is unfair. My brother has risked his life for the Clan for so many years, and even now, he is fighting for the Clan. The Clan is so unfair to him …"
One of the guards glanced at the new Prince, Ye Lang. He knew that his chance to shine had come.
The guard sneered, "Young Master Ye Lang inherits the Prince's position, and it's everyone's wish. What are you yelling about?" As he spoke, he raised his hand and slapped Ye Ling's face.
Slap!
A crisp slap sounded, and the right side of Ye Ling's face instantly swelled up. However, she did not cry, and only held her cheek tightly.
Ye Lang looked at the guard, and smiled, "What's your name?"
The guard hurriedly bowed, "Subordinate Zhang Mu greets the Prince."
Ye Lang nodded, "You're not bad. After I become the Prince, I need 10 guards. You can be my guard from now on."
Hearing this, Zhang Mu was overjoyed, and hurriedly bowed deeply, "This subordinate is willing to go through fire and water for the Prince, even if it means death!"
Ye Lang nodded slightly, "Drag him out. This person is disturbing the ancestral hall, don't show mercy, understand?"
Zhang Mu glanced at Ye Lang, and when he saw the murderous intent in Ye Lang's eyes, he understood.
He immediately grabbed Ye Ling's hair and dragged her out.
At this moment, Zhang Mu seemed to have seen something, and suddenly stopped.
In the ancestral hall, everyone turned their heads to look outside.
Not far from the ancestral hall, a young man was walking towards the ancestral hall. The young man was wearing a tight-fitting robe, and the robe was tattered, and there was blood everywhere.
The young man was Ye Xuan, who had rushed back from Nanshan!
Seeing Ye Xuan, Ye Lang's lips curled into a sinister smile.
Inside the ancestral hall, the Elders frowned.
The Great Elder narrowed his eyes, and his face darkened. No one knew what he was thinking.
From afar, when Ye Xuan saw Zhang Mu dragging Ye Ling, his face turned savage, "Who gave you the guts to touch my sister?"
When Zhang Mu saw Ye Xuan, his face changed. He hurriedly looked at Ye Lang, and just as he was about to speak, Ye Xuan leaped in front of him like a ferocious tiger. Before the latter could react, Ye Xuan's fist landed on his face.
Peng!
Zhang Mu felt a wave of dizziness, and he stumbled and fell.
However, Ye Ling did not stop there. He charged towards Zhang Mu again. At this time, Ye Lang suddenly roared, "Ye Xuan, he's my man, how dare you …"
Ye Xuan suddenly stepped on Zhang Mu's chest.
Pu!
Zhang Mu spat out a mouthful of blood.
Seeing this, Ye Lang's face turned ugly. Ye Xuan looked up at him, and snarled, "Your man?"
As he spoke, he stepped on Zhang Mu's face.
Zhang Mu's face turned into a bloody mess, as he screamed, "Prince, save, save me …"
Ye Xuan did not care about Zhang Mu, as he walked to Ye Ling's side. Seeing Ye Ling's state, Ye Xuan felt as though his heart was being cut by a knife. He clenched his fists, and his entire body trembled.
When Ye Ling saw Ye Xuan, her tears flowed, "Brother, it hurts, it hurts …"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan's expression turned savage. In the next instant, he charged in front of Zhang Mu, and kicked Zhang Mu's head.
Peng!








Chapter 1429
The appearance of these experts caused the entire starry sky to tremble.
This expanse of the universe couldn't endure so many experts at all!
Meanwhile, Li Qiuheng gazed at the Heavenly Exalt and smiled, "Heavenly Exalt, my Black Illusion Sect has a total of 8 Consolidation Realm experts and 22 Dao Transformation Realm experts. The same goes for the Profound School, Dao Returnance Institute, and Xiao Clan!
What about you? "
Everyone gazed at the Heavenly Exalt.
The Heavenly Exalt grinned. She knew that the members of the Whirling Sect wanted to see An Yuan's strength.
At this moment, she had no choice but to reveal An Yuan's strength. Because if An Yuan didn't reveal his formidable strength, then he wouldn't have the right to speak!
The Heavenly Exalt smiled, "Come out!"
As soon as she finished speaking, 12 black robed experts suddenly appeared behind her!
The expressions of Li Qiuheng and the others changed slightly when they witnessed this scene!
All 12 of them were actually Consolidation Realm experts!
If the Heavenly Exalt and Earthly Exalt were included, then it was a total of 14 Consolidation Realm experts!
Besides that, there were 30 Dao Transformation Realm experts!
It could be said that An Yuan had the most experts amongst the great powers!
At this moment, the members of the Black Illusion Sect didn't dare underestimate An Yuan!
Meanwhile, a white robed old man walked forward. He glanced at them and smiled, "Everyone, I'm the Old Man, the Grand Elder of the Xiao Clan, Xiao Pingsheng. I think I should mention something in advance, and it's that there are only six scrolls of the Dao Scripture. If we kill Ye Xuan, then how will the six scrolls be divided?"
Everyone fell silent when they heard this.
How to divide the Dao Scripture was a very important question!
Xiao Pingsheng smiled, "We wouldn't have to kill each other then, right?"
Meanwhile, the Heavenly Exalt suddenly said, "Elder Xiao, I think it's not suitable for us to talk about this now!"
Xiao Pingsheng gazed at the Heavenly Exalt, "But this isn't a problem that can't be resolved without discussing it!"
The Heavenly Exalt gazed at Xiao Pingsheng, "Elder Xiao, the premise of this question is that we're able to kill Ye Xuan and annihilate the power that stands behind him. However, do you think we're 100% confident in our ability?"
Xiao Pingsheng chuckled and said, "It's not that I look down on Ye Xuan, but I really can't find any force in the entire universe that can fight against our joint forces!
Even with the help of the Ancient God Abyss and the Whirling Sect, it was impossible!
According to what I know, the Whirling Sect has already chosen not to interfere in this matter. As for the Ancient God Abyss, haven't they already left the Fifth Dimension? "
The Empyrean shook his head. "Elder Xiao, the influence behind Ye Xuan is unknown to us, and the unknown means that anything is possible!"
Xiao Pingsheng was about to speak when Li Qiuheng suddenly said, "What the Heavenly Venerate said makes sense. I think it's still too early for us to talk about the Dao Scriptures!
It wasn't appropriate either!
It wouldn't be too late to discuss the matter of the Dao Scripture after he destroyed Ye Xuan and the forces behind him.
And if we talk about it now, it's very likely to cause some unnecessary trouble and problems. "
Hu Buhui also nodded, "Let's get rid of Ye Xuan first!"
Seeing this, Xiao Pingsheng did not insist. He immediately nodded, "Then let's get rid of Ye Xuan first!"
At this moment, Li Qiuheng suddenly laughed, "Speaking of which, with so many of us, will the forces behind Ye Xuan be so scared that they won't dare to show themselves?
If that's the case, then this trip to the Fifth Dimension will be too boring! "
The Empyrean chuckled, "Let's go!
Let's go and meet Ye Xuan! "
Everyone nodded.
Soon, everyone disappeared. When they reappeared, they were already in the sky above the Dao City.
When so many experts appeared in the sky above the Dao City, everyone in the Dao City was petrified.
Then, everyone fell into despair!
Even Revered Mi felt despair at this moment!
So many experts!
How could the current Fifth Dimension fight against them?
Below, Ye Xuan walked out of the Sword Hall and looked up at the sky. When he saw so many experts in the sky, he fell silent.
They really wanted to gang up on Ye Xuan!
Ye Xuan slowly walked towards the sky. At this moment, a little girl appeared beside him.
It was Nian Nian!
Nian Nian grabbed Ye Xuan's hand and softly said, "I'll go with you!"
Ye Xuan smiled, "Okay!"
At this moment, Zhang Wenxiu, An Lanxiu, and Lian Wanli also appeared beside him.
There were also two people he was very familiar with. They were Xiao Dao and Qian Mo!
Ye Xuan looked at Xiao Dao and smiled, "You shouldn't have come at this time!"
Xiao Dao looked at Ye Xuan and said, "If I didn't come now, I might not have the chance to come in the future!"
Ye Xuan shook his head and smiled. He looked at Qian Mo, "Miss Qian Mo, what about you?"
Although he had slept with Qian Mo, that was Sister Nian's sin.
There were feelings between him and Qian Mo, but there didn't seem to be any. On the other hand, they had dual cultivated!
What was this?
Were they sleeping partners?
Qian Mo looked at Ye Xuan and didn't say anything.
Ye Xuan was about to speak when the Celestial Venerate in the sky suddenly smiled, "Ye Xuan, you seem to have a lot of female confidantes!"
Ye Xuan looked up at the Celestial Venerate and said with a smile, "Celestial Venerate, to be honest, aren't you overestimating me?
Let me count, tsk tsk, 46 Consolidation Realm, more than 100 Dao Attainment Realm … I'm only at Dao Defense Realm!
Aren't you guys going too far? "
The Celestial Venerate looked at Ye Xuan and said with a smile, "I've investigated you. You had many opponents in the past, but they're all dead!
Why?
There's a very important reason, and that's because they looked down on you!
They didn't go all out!
They always gave you a chance to grow!
So, you're alive, but they're dead!
We won't make their mistakes!
Look, we value you enough, right? "
Ye Xuan was silent.
The Celestial Venerate looked around and said with a smile, "Ye Xuan, where are your people?"
Ye Xuan looked around and cursed in his heart, I also want to know where my people are!
At this time, Li Qiuheng suddenly smiled, "If an expert appears, with our strength, even if they're millions of miles away, we'll still be able to sense them!
Unfortunately, I don't sense any powerful aura! "
As he said this, he looked at Ye Xuan, "Ye Xuan, don't tell me the people behind you are afraid?"
Below, Ye Xuan suddenly turned to Venerable Mi and the rest, "You guys go!"
Venerable Mi and the rest were stunned.
Ye Xuan smiled, "There's no point in staying here!"
Venerable Mi was silent.
Ye Xuan looked at Guan Yin below, "Go!"
Guan Yin was silent.
Go!
It was obvious that the Fifth Dimension had no chance of winning!
With all the experts of the Whirling World and the Dark Abyss joining hands, how could Ye Xuan resist?
It should be known that these factions had a foundation of hundreds of thousands of years or even hundreds of thousands of years!
And what about Ye Xuan?
His biggest support was Nian Nian, but now, Nian Nian had become a little girl. Not only could she not help Ye Xuan, but she also needed Ye Xuan to protect her …
It could be said that the Fifth Dimension was a dead end!
At this time, Ye Xuan looked at Dao City below, "Everyone, leave!"
He did not ask everyone to face the Whirling World and the Ancient God Abyss with him, because that was equivalent to sending others to their deaths!
In fact, he himself wanted to run away!
But he knew that he could not escape, and he did not want to escape!
He promised Sister Nian that he would protect this part of the universe, and he would do his best to do what he promised.
Hearing Ye Xuan's words, the people below had a complicated expression.
They knew that Ye Xuan wanted them to escape!
Ye Xuan looked at the people below and smiled, "I'm sorry, I don't have the ability to protect you!"
Below, countless people suddenly slowly bowed to Ye Xuan.
In fact, Ye Xuan not only changed the Fifth Dimension, but he also changed the fate of everyone!
In the past, the Fifth Dimension, the Sixth Dimension, and the Dao World did not have a single True Release Realm expert, but now, let alone True Release Realm experts, there were many Dao Validation Realm experts!
Moreover, Ye Xuan also shared the Dao Scripture … It could be said that Ye Xuan changed everyone's fate!
At this moment, when many people heard Ye Xuan asking them to leave, their hearts were incomparably complicated.
Unknowingly, they had already regarded the Fifth Dimension as their home.
Here, it was really harmonious!
In the sky, Ye Xuan smiled again and said, "Everyone, it is I, Ye Xuan, who does not have the ability to protect everyone and this part of the universe. It has nothing to do with you!"
Below, an old man suddenly said in a trembling voice, "Dao Master, why don't you escape? If you escape, with your talent, you might be able to contend against these people in the future!"
Escape?
Ye Xuan smiled lightly. "They won't let me escape. Of course, I won't escape either!"
As he said that, he turned to look at Nian Nian beside him and said with a smile, "I swore to you before. At that time, I said that I would live and die with the Five-Dimensional Universe in the future … Although I was just playing tricks at that time, I never thought that this oath would actually come true!"
Nian Nian nodded slightly. She tightly held onto Ye Xuan's hand. "I will go with you!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Okay!"
As he spoke, he looked at Dao City below. "Everyone, stop wasting time!
Let's go! "
Below, many people hesitated for a moment before fleeing one after another.
This was a battle that they had no chance of winning!
But there were still some people who stayed. Of course, there were not many!
Ye Xuan suddenly looked at Venerable Mi. At this moment, an old man appeared beside Venerable Mi.
The person who came was Bai Dizi!
Bai Dizi said softly, "They can let those people below go, but they won't let us go!"
Ye Xuan looked at Bai Dizi and smiled. "Bai Dizi, as far as I know, your escaping skills are top-notch. Why don't you escape?"
Bai Dizi looked at Ye Xuan. "You are Daoting's only hope. If you die, then Daoting really doesn't exist anymore!
If Daoting is gone, there is not much meaning in me living!
So, let me accompany you to death! "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Venerable Mi suddenly said, "Bai Dizi is right. You are the Daoting's last hope. If you perish today, then Daoting will have no more hope. If Daoting has no more hope, then what's the point of us living?"
As he spoke, he gazed at Ye Xuan and smiled. "Today, let us accompany you on your last journey!"
Ye Xuan smiled. Then he said, "I didn't expect that we would have to live and die together today. Life is so wonderful!"
As he spoke, he gazed at An Lanxiu and the others. His gaze swept past them with a complicated expression. "I really want to let all of you go, but I know that all of you definitely won't …."
When he spoke up to this point, he grinned. "All of you wanted to return the favor in the afterlife, but I feel like they won't allow me to have an afterlife. So, I'm sorry!
If there is a next life, please don't meet a man like me. Even I feel like I'm trash! "
Zhang Wenxiu gazed at Ye Xuan. "You've finally spoken the truth!"
Ye Xuan laughed. He glanced at the women again and said, "I don't want to see all of you die because that would be worse than death. So, let me die before all of you!"
As he spoke, he looked up at Venerable Tianji and the others and said softly, "I want to defy the heavens and change my fate. I want to protect all of you and the Fifth Dimension by myself. But I can't do it!
Reality is just so cruel! "
As he spoke, the blood within his body suddenly surged. In the next moment, a flame suddenly ignited within his body!
Bloodline ignition!
That wasn't all!
His soul actually started to ignite as well!
...
In a certain distant starry sky, a woman in a white robe suddenly stopped. She seemed to have sensed something, and she clenched her fists tightly while her eyes almost split apart from rage. "Brother!
Wait for me!
Wait for me! "
As she spoke, she suddenly vanished at the end of the starry sky, and everywhere she passed was annihilated inch by inch ….
....








Chapter 1430
In the sky above Dao City, Ye Xuan's ignition of his soul and bloodline shocked everyone!
Even the Celestial Venerables and the others were shocked.
They didn't expect Ye Xuan to directly ignite his bloodline and soul!
The Celestial Venerables stared at Ye Xuan, "Where is the person behind you!"
She had been waiting for the person behind Ye Xuan to appear.
But now, there was no one!
Could it be that Ye Xuan didn't have any force behind him?
Or could it be that the force behind Ye Xuan wasn't strong at all? After seeing the Whirling Sect and An Yuan joining forces, the force behind him was afraid!
They didn't dare to appear!
Below, Ye Xuan suddenly laughed, "Celestial Venerables, I want to see the power of a Consolidation Realm expert before I die. Can you satisfy me?"
The Celestial Venerables looked at Ye Xuan, "Where is the person behind you!"
"I'm afraid he won't dare to appear!"
Li Qiuheng suddenly laughed, "Just like the Ancient God Abyss, once the price is too high, no one will be willing to protect Ye Xuan!
So, Ye Xuan must have been abandoned. He has been abandoned! "
The Celestial Venerables scanned the surroundings, but still didn't sense any powerful aura.
No one appeared!
At this moment, Li Qiuheng suddenly laughed, "Ye Xuan, didn't you want to see the power of a Consolidation Realm expert?
I'll fulfill your wish! "
With that, he suddenly disappeared.
Down below, Ye Xuan laughed. "Bring it on!"
With that, he leaped up and slashed at the sky with his sword.
Dao Sword!
This slash was unprecedentedly powerful!
After igniting his bloodline and soul, Ye Xuan's strength skyrocketed like a volcanic eruption!
And the moment Ye Xuan slashed with his sword, he also used his Dao Seal!
With the enhancement of the Dao Seal, bloodline, and soul, although he wasn't at the Dao Attainment Realm, his aura was several times stronger than an average Dao Attainment Realm expert!
With this slash, a trace of shock flashed in the eyes of the Celestial Venerables!
Ye Xuan was only at the Dao Defense Realm!
He was actually able to display such a powerful sword!
The Empyrean looked down at Ye Xuan, "Truly a monster!"
At the moment when Ye Xuan slashed out with his sword, a fist print swept down from the sky and directly blasted on Ye Xuan's sword.
Boom!
Under everyone's gaze, Ye Xuan returned to his original position. Li Qiuheng also returned to his original position. On his right fist, there was a deep sword scar.
At this moment, Li Qiuheng's eyes turned solemn.
This Ye Xuan's strength had actually reached such a level!
Meanwhile, the distant Heavenly Exalt suddenly said, "He's still getting stronger!"
Everyone looked at Ye Xuan and saw that Ye Xuan's aura was still rising crazily, as if there was no limit.
Meanwhile, Ye Xuan's body was slowly turning illusory!
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly looked up at Li Qiuheng. "Again!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he suddenly disappeared on the spot.
Hiss!
A ray of sword light shot into the sky from below!
A strand of monstrous sword energy shook the heavens and the earth, and it was so powerful that all the experts in the surroundings were visibly moved!
Li Qiuheng's eyes narrowed slightly, and then he suddenly clenched his right fist. At the instant he clenched his fist, the space around his fist suddenly transformed into a spatial vortex. In the next moment, he suddenly smashed his fist forward!
Bang!
The spatial vortex suddenly swept down, and the entire sky actually warped at this moment!
Meanwhile, Ye Xuan's sword arrived before him.
Bang!
The spectators watched as Ye Xuan's sword slashed against the spatial vortex. The entire heavens and the earth trembled violently, and then the spatial vortex exploded apart and transformed into nothingness.
The sword continued forward and slashed straight at Li Qiuheng.
A wisp of viciousness flashed through Li Qiuheng's eyes. He flicked his sleeve, took a step forward, squatted down, clenched his right fist, and then smashed it down. "Obliterate!"
A strand of obliterating energy swept down, and everywhere it passed, space was obliterated!
Bang!
Ye Xuan and his sword were blasted back to where they stood earlier, and the space before him and Li Qiuheng had become pitch black!
At the same time, a wisp of blood slowly seeped out from the corner of Ye Xuan's mouth.
In the sky, Li Qiuheng looked down at Ye Xuan and said, "It's over!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he suddenly stomped his right foot on the ground, and then his figure plunged down. This charge seemed as if he intended to smash this expanse of the heavens and the earth into pieces. It was an extremely shocking sight!
Ye Xuan's eyes slowly closed while his right hand clenched tightly onto his sword. At this moment, he felt like he wasn't himself anymore!
Strength!
He felt like his body possessed boundless strength!
He'd never felt so strong in his life!
Of course, he knew that he'd obtained all of this at the cost of his life!
Ye Xuan didn't think too much about it and suddenly opened his eyes. In the next moment, he transformed into a fiery red ray of light that shot into the sky!
Bang!
Under the gazes of everyone, Ye Xuan slashed Li Qiuheng back with a single strike of his sword, and the latter directly retreated 3km away!
The eyes of the Heavenly Exalt in the sky instantly narrowed when he saw this scene. Ye Xuan's strength was unusually strong!
The other experts had extremely solemn expressions as well. Ye Xuan's current strength wasn't inferior to a Consolidation Realm expert in the slightest!
Even though Ye Xuan had paid the price with his life, it was still too terrifying!
In the sky, Li Qiuheng glanced at his chest. There was a sword mark there, and it was extremely deep to the point his bones could be seen!
Li Qiuheng's expression was extremely unsightly!
He'd never imagined that he'd actually been injured by Ye Xuan twice in succession!
An extraordinary humiliation!
Li Qiuheng looked down at Ye Xuan. Right at this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly vanished on the spot.
Om!
A sword howl shook the heavens and the earth as a ray of light shot into the sky from below and slashed straight at Li Qiuheng!
The expressions of everyone in the surroundings instantly changed when they saw this attack!
This attack was even stronger than the previous one!
Each attack was stronger than the previous one!
Li Qiuheng didn't dare act carelessly in the sky. He pressed his palms together, and then he flipped his palms outwards when the attack arrived in front of him before swiftly pressing them forward.
Bang!
A powerful force swept out like a volcanic eruption from his palms!
As soon as this force appeared, the entire sky instantly became illusory!
Bang!
Ye Xuan's attack had been forcefully blocked!
However, Li Qiuheng's countenance instantly turned ghastly pale!
Meanwhile, Ye Xuan suddenly stomped his right foot on the ground, and then he spun forward with his sword in hand.
Hiss!
The sound of something tearing resounded. Li Qiuheng's pupils constricted, and then he swiftly moved his arms forward to block Ye Xuan's attack!
Bang!
As soon as Ye Xuan's sword descended, Li Qiuheng was instantly pushed over 10km back. At the same time, one of his arms had been slashed into pieces by Ye Xuan!
The Heavenly Exalt stared fixedly at Ye Xuan from afar. At this moment, she suddenly realized that she'd overlooked Ye Xuan until now!
Even though she felt that Ye Xuan was an extraordinary genius, Ye Xuan hadn't been able to pose any threat to her at all.
But at this moment, she suddenly realized that her thoughts were wrong!
If Ye Xuan were to mature, then he would be extraordinarily terrifying!
The experts from Whirling World had extremely solemn expressions on their faces as well. Because Ye Xuan's combat strength had far exceeded their expectations. It could be said that not to mention the Fifth Dimension, even if Ye Xuan was in Whirling World, he would definitely be the number one expert in the younger generation!
Ye Xuan must die!
At this moment, both the Dark Abyss and Whirling World had unanimously come to a common understanding!
The best way to deal with a genius was to strangle him!
At this moment, Ye Xuan once again rushed towards Li Qiuheng from afar. Wherever the sword light passed, it tore through everything!
In the distance, Li Qiuheng's pupils suddenly shrank as he hurriedly said, "Attack!"
At this moment, he no longer dared to fight against Ye Xuan by himself!
As soon as his voice fell, two Consolidation Realm experts from the Xuanhuan Sect suddenly appeared in front of him!
But Ye Xuan didn't choose to retreat!
He slashed out with his sword!
The two experts suddenly disappeared from where they stood!
Rumble!
Rumble!
The sky trembled violently. Under the joint attack of the two Consolidation Realm powerhouses, Ye Xuan was forced to retreat repeatedly. However, he did not retreat for long before he suddenly stopped and slashed forward.
Chi!
A blood-red sword light pierced through the air!
Boom!
This sword strike directly forced the two Consolidation Realm experts to retreat!
Seeing this scene, the expressions of the Heavenly Exalt and the others not far away became even more unsightly!
Ye Xuan's strength was constantly growing!
Stronger and stronger!
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly disappeared from where he stood. When he reappeared, he was already in front of one of the Consolidation Realm experts. Just like before, he slashed down with his sword again!
The Consolidation Realm expert didn't dare to be careless and was about to attack with all his might when a sudden change occurred. A black and white Tai Chi circle suddenly appeared above his head, and in an instant, his realm was directly suppressed to the Dao Attainment Realm!
At the same time, Ye Xuan's four domains directly enveloped the old man!
This sudden turn of events caused the old man's expression to change drastically. He was just about to retreat, but it was too late.
Ye Xuan's sword fell.
Chi!
Under everyone's gaze, Ye Xuan's sword slashed straight down from the old man's head.
Chi!
The sword slashed to the end, and the old man's body was split into two.
His soul was directly destroyed!
The surroundings suddenly fell silent when they witnessed this scene!
Ye Xuan had killed a Consolidation Realm expert!
After all, Ye Xuan was only at the Dao Attainment Realm at this moment!
Killing an enemy two levels above him?
Not far away, the experts of the Whirling World looked at Ye Xuan as if they were looking at a monster!
At this moment, Hu Bugui, who was next to the Celestial Venerable, suddenly said, 'This person is too monstrous!
Kill him! '
The Celestial Venerable nodded. "Kill him!"
As soon as her voice fell, a dozen Consolidation Realm experts suddenly rushed out in unison, heading straight for Ye Xuan!
Seeing the dozen Consolidation Realm experts rushing over, Ye Xuan turned his head and glanced. He saw An Lanxiu, Nian Nian, Zhang Wenxiu, Lian Wanli, Xiao Dao, and Qian Mo …
The only regret was that he didn't see Ye Ling!
But it was good that Ye Ling wasn't here, so he could live on!
As long as he could live on, that was good!
Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes. "Ling 'er … I can't go find you!
Don't blame me … You must live well … "
At this point, he suddenly opened his eyes, looked at the Consolidation Realm experts rushing towards him, and laughed. "Come on!"
As his voice fell, he began to completely release all his power!
Self-destruct!
Not far away, Li Qiuheng said somewhat crazily, "Kill him!
Kill him! "
As soon as he finished speaking, the experts behind him also rushed out one after another.
And at this moment, a beast-like roar came from nowhere. "Who dares to touch him!
Who dares!
Ahhhhh! "
The starry sky trembled!
.....
PS: Vote for me!








Chapter 1431
Everyone was stunned when they heard this voice!
Who is it?
Ye Xuan listened to it as well, and he looked towards the depths of the starry sky. The voice was slightly familiar, but he couldn't recall who it was!
The Heavenly Venerable's eyes narrowed.
It's here!
The force behind Ye Xuan has finally appeared!
Hu Bugui raised his head and frowned. "I don't sense her aura!"
The nearby Xiao Clan's Xiao Pingsheng said in a low voice, "The person hasn't arrived, but his voice arrived first!"
Hu Bugui said softly, "Looks like it's not easy to deal with her!"
Xiao Pingsheng spoke indifferently, "It's good to increase the difficulty. Otherwise, it would be too boring!"
Hu Bugui smiled, "Indeed!"
They were curious about the force behind Ye Xuan, but they weren't afraid at all!
What a joke! A few dozen Consolidation Realm experts were gathered here!
Did they need to be afraid?
Suddenly, Li Qiuheng spoke fiercely, "No matter who she is, kill Ye Xuan first!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he charged towards Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan was an arrow at the end of its flight, and it was the best time to kill him!
In next to no time, Li Qiuheng arrived in front of Ye Xuan, and then he smashed his fist towards Ye Xuan!
At this moment, Ye Xuan was powerless to resist because he'd overdrawn all his strength!
He could only watch as the fist smashed towards him!
Right at this moment, the Executing Heaven Sword in his hand suddenly trembled violently, and numerous sword howls shook the heavens and the earth. At the same time, the space in front of Ye Xuan was suddenly torn apart, and then a woman walked out from within it.
The woman wore a white robe and had a wine gourd hanging from her waist.
Along with the appearance of this woman, the gazes of everyone present descended onto her.
Who is she?
Ye Xuan grinned when he saw her. "Qing 'er!"
She was Qing 'er as well!
But she wasn't a woman in a plain dress!
Meanwhile, Li Qiuheng had arrived behind her.
Li Qiuheng stared at the woman who had just appeared and said fiercely: "You can go and die too!"
As soon as he finished speaking, his left hand suddenly blasted a punch towards the woman. However, in the next moment, he was stunned.
It wasn't just Li Qiuheng who was stunned, everyone else was stunned as well!
Because a hand that was pure white like jade had suddenly grabbed onto Li Qiuheng's throat.
This hand belonged to the white-robed woman!
No one saw how the white-robed woman attacked!
Even Li Qiuheng was dumbfounded at this moment. How did he get caught?
The white-robed woman looked at Li Qiuheng. She lifted Li Qiuheng up like a little chick, her eyes bloodshot. "What kind of trash are you?"
At this moment, everyone in the surroundings was stunned.
At this moment, the expressions of the powerhouses from the Whirling World turned solemn!
A Consolidation Realm expert was actually powerless in front of this woman?
The one who felt the most despair was still Li Qiuheng!
He wanted to resist, but at this moment, all his strength seemed to have disappeared. He couldn't resist at all!
At this moment, the white-robed woman exerted some force with her right hand.
Ka-cha!
A clear and melodious sound of bones breaking resounded in the field!
Immediately after, under everyone's gaze, she directly plucked off Li Qiuheng's head. In the next moment, she held Li Qiuheng's head and threw it to the right.
Boom!
In the distance, a Consolidation Realm powerhouse was directly smashed by the head before he could react!
Instant kill!
Instantly killing two Consolidation Realm powerhouses!
At this moment, the expressions of the Sky Sovereign and the others finally changed!
At this moment, they seemed to realize the seriousness of the matter!
Killing a Consolidation Realm powerhouse was like killing a chicken!
The white-robed woman didn't attack again. Instead, she turned to look at Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan grinned. "I'm going to die!"
At this moment, he felt extremely weak. Especially his soul, it was terrifyingly weak.
The power of his bloodline was fine because he realized that although he had burned the power of his bloodline, it was useless!
Even he couldn't extinguish his own blood!
He had to admit that this made him feel a little ridiculous!
If he couldn't do anything to his own blood, what the hell was this?
The white-robed woman looked at Ye Xuan, and tears suddenly flowed from her eyes. "With me here, how can you die?"
As she spoke, she gently placed her right hand on Ye Xuan's shoulder. In the next moment, a powerful force directly enveloped Ye Xuan. At the same time, with a wave of her right hand, the Soul Suppressing Sword appeared in her hand. She glanced at the Soul Suppressing Sword, then suddenly stabbed it into Ye Xuan's chest.
Boom!
Suppressing the soul with the sword!
Ye Xuan's soul, which was about to dissipate, was forcibly suppressed by her power and the Soul Suppressing Sword!
The white-robed woman looked at Ye Xuan. "You need to nourish yourself!"
After saying that, she turned to look at the Sky Sovereign and the others and said fiercely, "My brother's soul is weak. Why don't you all die?"
As soon as her voice fell, she suddenly punched out!
A hundred feet away, a Consolidation Realm powerhouse died on the spot!
Seeing this scene, everyone present was petrified!
At this moment, the seriousness in the eyes of the Sky Sovereign and the others had turned into fear!
With just one punch, the Consolidation Realm powerhouse died instantly!
That was a Consolidation Realm powerhouse!
The strongest powerhouse in the world!
Not only the Sky Sovereign and the others, but Su Zhe and the others who were hiding in the dark were also stunned.
Su Zhe gulped. He looked at Ye Xuan below and said with a trembling voice, "This Young Master Ye's sister … What kind of deities are they …"
On the other side, the Lord and the others were silent.
Especially Luo Hou and Ah Ku Wang. At this moment, both of them were sweating profusely.
Back then, they had wanted to kill Ye Xuan and obtain the Dao Scripture!
If they really killed Ye Xuan …
The two of them did not dare to think about the consequences!
Yan Yaoyao looked at the weak Ye Xuan in the distance and said softly, "We still underestimated him!"
It was not just her. Everyone had underestimated the people behind Ye Xuan!
In the distance, after the white-robed woman killed the Consolidation Realm powerhouse with a punch, she waved her right hand and the Consolidation Realm powerhouse's soul was directly caught in her hand. Then, she turned around and placed the soul in front of Ye Xuan. "Absorb!"
Ye Xuan, "…"
At this moment, the Sky Sovereign suddenly said in a deep voice, "Your Excellency, what happened between us and Young Master Ye was a misunderstanding!"
The white-robed woman suddenly turned around and in the next moment, she suddenly appeared in front of the Sky Sovereign. The Sky Sovereign's pupils suddenly shrank. Before he could react, the white-robed woman punched him in the face.
Boom!
The Sky Sovereign's head exploded like a watermelon!
The white-robed woman grabbed the Sky Sovereign's soul, her face expressionless. "This is also a misunderstanding!"
The Sky Sovereign's soul stared at the white-robed woman. "Who the hell are you!"
The white-robed woman did not answer the Sky Sovereign. She sent the Sky Sovereign's soul in front of Ye Xuan. "Absorb!"
Ye Xuan, "…"
The Sky Sovereign suddenly laughed self-deprecatingly. "Ridiculous!
I'm really ridiculous! "
All this time, her goal had been to deal with the people behind Ye Xuan, but at this moment, she realized how ridiculous her idea was!
The person in front of her was definitely far beyond the Consolidation Realm, and had even reached a realm that even she did not know!
The reason why the people behind Ye Xuan were not in this universe was because they were too strong, and this world was too weak!
They did not want to play in this world!
This was great!
She and the others had joined forces to force them back!
What was courting death?
She was courting death!
At this moment, a voice suddenly came from the horizon. "Your Excellency, do you really have to be so ruthless?"
Hearing this, the Sky Sovereign suddenly looked up.
There were two old men standing in the sky!
One wore a white robe, and the other wore a black robe!
The Dark Abyss Yin Yang God!
Seeing these two, the Sky Sovereign, who had originally given up resisting, suddenly opened her eyes. At this moment, she saw hope!
Yin Yang God!
These two had reached the peak of the Consolidation Realm tens of thousands of years ago!
As for now, their strength was unfathomable, and even she did not know how strong they were!
At this moment, the white-robed woman looked up at the Yin Yang God, and among them, the white-robed old man looked at the white-robed woman. "Don't go too far!"
The white-robed woman's lips curled into a mocking smile. "Go too far?
I'll show you what it means to go too far! "
As soon as she finished speaking, she suddenly disappeared on the spot.
In the sky, the Yin Yang God's expressions changed drastically, and the white-robed old man who led them directly smashed his fist down!
This fist smashed down, and the entire starry sky trembled as if it was about to collapse. It was extremely terrifying.
At this moment, the white-robed woman suddenly punched out.
Boom!
Under everyone's gaze, the white-robed old man's power suddenly disappeared, and at the same time, the white-robed old man was directly sent flying tens of thousands of feet away. As soon as he stopped, his physical body directly exploded, and only his soul remained!
At the same time, the white-robed woman punched out again, but this time, her target was the black-robed old man on the other side!
The black-robed old man didn't even have the chance to react before his body exploded into pieces!
It was an instant kill!
Everyone here was petrified when they witnessed this scene!
As for the Heavenly Exalt, he felt despair!
He truly felt despair!
The Yin Yang God actually didn't even have the ability to fight back before her!
How strong is she?
The white-robed woman directly brought the Yin Yang God's souls over to Ye Xuan, and then she gazed at Ye Xuan and spoke gently, "Quickly absorb them!
Replenish them! "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
When she saw Ye Xuan stunned, the white-robed woman spoke gently, "Don't just stand there!
Quickly absorb them! "
The expressions of everyone here became extremely strange when they witnessed this scene.
This woman was as bad-tempered as a volcano in front of others, but she was as gentle as water in front of Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment, and then he gazed at the Heavenly Exalt's soul. The Heavenly Exalt stared fixedly at Ye Xuan with slight resentment, "Ye Xuan, why didn't you tell me earlier that the person behind you is so heaven defying!?"
Ye Xuan gazed at the Heavenly Exalt and said, "Would you believe me if I told you that I'm the son of the Ninth Dimension?"
The Heavenly Exalt turned to gaze at the white-robed woman, but she remained expressionless, "What's the point of being the son of the Ninth Dimension?
Big Brother, if you want, then I can destroy the Ninth Dimension and make you the master of it! "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The Heavenly Exalt was speechless.
Suddenly, a formidable aura suddenly assaulted them from afar, and it was so strong that it caused the entire starry sky to tremble!
Everyone here raised their heads and looked towards the depths of the starry sky when they witnessed this scene.
The white-robed woman's eyes narrowed slightly, and there was a rare trace of seriousness in them.
Meanwhile, the Heavenly Exalt suddenly gazed towards the depths of the starry sky and spoke in a trembling voice, "It's definitely an expert of my Dark Abyss!
Could it be the Abyss Master? "
The Abyss Master?
Hope arose in the eyes of the Yin and Yang Gods when they heard the Heavenly Exalt!
The Abyss Master!
That was a true powerhouse above the Consolidation Realm!
Moreover, that was an expert that had surpassed the Consolidation Realm over 100,000 years ago!
On the other side, the experts of the Peaceful Whirling World were quite excited as well!
A top-rate expert of the Dark Abyss has arrived!
There's hope!
Didn't they notice that the invincible white-robed woman's expression had become slightly solemn?
The aura in the starry sky was growing stronger and stronger, and it was so strong that it wasn't inferior to the white-robed woman at all!
Right at this moment, the starry sky was suddenly torn apart, and then a woman walked out from within it.
She held a sword in her hand!
After she walked out, she glanced at the crowd below and said, "Who bullied the members of the Yang Clan?"
Everyone was speechless.
...








Chapter 1432
Who's bullying the members of the Yang Clan?
Everyone in the surroundings was stunned when they heard this.
Ye Xuan was stunned as well.
Who's here?
On the other hand, the Heavenly Exalt and the others were stunned as well. Because there were quite a few people here, and it was the Master of the Dark Abyss!
After all, the Master of the Dark Abyss was a man!
Suddenly, the Heavenly Exalt's pupils constricted, "You … you're Situ Tingyun!"
Situ Tingyun!
The expressions of the Yin and Yang Gods changed drastically when they heard the Heavenly Exalt!
Situ Tingyun!
This name was simply like a nightmare to An's Abyss!
It was exactly that woman who'd fought her way into An's Abyss all those years ago, and she'd practically destroyed it!
If she hadn't suddenly left, then An's Abyss would have been gone by now!
She's here!
The Heavenly Exalt felt utter despair!
She'd vanished for countless years, yet she'd returned to this universe for Ye Xuan's sake!
At this moment, she suddenly realized how naïve her intentions to annihilate the people standing behind Ye Xuan were!
Any random person standing behind Ye Xuan wasn't someone they could deal with!
On the other side, the experts from the Whirling World were dumbfounded.
That woman isn't from An's Abyss but from Ye Xuan's side?
We're finished!
At this moment, the experts from Whirling World felt despair as well!
Just the white robed woman was enough to make them feel despair!
Now, a Swordsman who wasn't inferior to the white robed woman had joined the fray ….
Situ Tingyun's gaze suddenly descended onto Ye Xuan, "It's you!"
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment before he said, "Are you Senior Situ Tingyun?"
Situ Tingyun smiled, "You should call me Senior Sister!"
Senior Sister!
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Situ Tingyun walked over to Ye Xuan, sized up Ye Xuan, and then shook her head, "He's on the weak side!"
Ye Xuan broke out in a cold sweat!
Situ Tingyun suddenly gazed at the white robed woman. The white robed woman had a calm expression on her face.
Situ Tingyun smiled, "I've heard of you!"
The white-robed woman glanced at Situ Tingyun. "He's indeed the person with the greatest natural talent in the Sword Dao after him!
No, your talent in the Sword Dao is above his! "
Situ Tingyun!
Actually, the white-robed woman was not exaggerating!
After all, Situ Tingyun had relied on the green clothed man's three strands of Sword Intent to attain her current accomplishments. It could be said that besides the green clothed man, Situ Tingyun's accomplishments in the Sword Sect were the highest!
Situ Tingyun smiled and said, "Shall we get down to business first?"
White Robe nodded and looked at Ye Xuan. "Absorb it quickly!"
Ye Xuan did not hesitate. He absorbed the souls of the Celestial Venerate and the Yin-Yang Gods. After absorbing the souls of the three, his soul recovered at a ridiculous rate.
While Ye Xuan was digesting those formidable souls, the white robed woman suddenly turned around to gaze at the members of the Whirling World. Meanwhile, an old man walked forward!
The old man bowed slightly to the white-robed woman. "I am Xiao Pingsheng from the Xiao Clan. Greetings, Senior …"
The white-robed woman suddenly punched out!
Boom!
Xiao Pingsheng died instantly!
His soul was annihilated!
Everyone was speechless.
At this moment, the remaining experts of the Whirling World were shocked to the extreme!
It was an instant kill!
It wouldn't be so terrifying if it was just a victory!
But it was an instant kill!
A peak Consolidation Realm expert didn't even have the ability to fight back!
At this moment, Hu Bugui from the Dao Returning Courtyard suddenly said.
Bu Gui suddenly said, "Retreat!"
With that, he turned around and fled!
They could only flee!
They had no chance against the white-robed god of death!
The white-robed woman glanced at Hu Bugui. "Did I allow you to flee?"
As soon as she finished speaking, she suddenly punched out!
Boom!
In the distance, Hu Bugui's expression changed drastically. He suddenly turned around and punched out!
He knew he couldn't beat her, but he had to fight. If he didn't fight, he would definitely die. If he fought, he might have a chance to live!
Boom!
As soon as Hu Bugui punched out, a powerful force swept out from his fist like a tide. However, in the next moment, this powerful force vanished without a trace. At the same time, his entire body was forcefully wiped out by a powerful force!
It was directly wiped out!
The white-robed woman didn't stop. She suddenly pointed with her finger and the Executing Heaven Sword flew out. The next moment, a ray of sword light pierced through the air and traveled tens of thousands of miles.
Chi!
The sword traveled tens of thousands of miles. In the sky, bloody heads kept falling …
Seeing this scene, Su Zhe and the others who were hiding in the dark looked extremely fearful.
One should know that the Whirling Sect and the Dark Abyss had dozens of Consolidation Realm experts and more than a hundred Dao Attainment Realm experts!
However, these people were like vegetables being chopped up. They didn't even have the ability to fight back!
That sword directly killed dozens of Dao Attainment Realm and Consolidation Realm experts!
This strength …
Su Zhe wiped the cold sweat off his forehead. He once again looked at Ye Xuan who was still absorbing souls not far away. "This Young Master Ye's sister … I don't know how many sisters he has … It's too scary!"
On the other side, the Lord and the others were silent.
They had to admit that they had been dealt a heavy blow!
What was a strong expert?
This was a strong expert!
As for themselves, they were as weak as chickens in front of such a strong expert …
On the other side, Xuan Chu was also watching this scene.
In front of her stood a woman. It was Yue Zun, who had come into contact with Ye Xuan before!
At this moment, Yue Zun's expression was extremely grave!
Before she came, she had specially investigated Ye Xuan. Of course, she mainly wanted to investigate the white-robed woman.
However, she didn't expect that the white-robed woman would appear instead of the white-robed woman!
She also didn't expect that the white-robed woman would be so powerful. She definitely far surpassed Consolidation Realm experts!
This time, the Dark Abyss and the Whirling World had kicked an iron plate!
Behind Yue Zun, the Great Elder of the Whirling Sect suddenly wiped the cold sweat off his forehead. "Fortunately, we listened to Xuan Chu and didn't join forces with the Dark Abyss and the others …"
At this moment, he was indeed afraid!
If they had joined forces with the Dark Abyss and the other forces, it would have brought disaster to the Whirling Sect!
Although the Whirling Sect had a deep foundation, they couldn't withstand the revenge of such a strong expert!
Moreover, most importantly, there was more than one such expert!
Who knew how many more there were?
Xuan Chu looked at Ye Xuan in the distance and didn't say anything.
In the distance, after the white-robed woman had killed those strong ones, she collected all of their souls and then sent them to Ye Xuan. "Absorb!"
Ye Xuan's soul could be said to be extremely weak. The best way to nourish a soul was to use it to nourish it!
At this moment, the souls of these experts were simply great nourishment for the current Ye Xuan!
After Ye Xuan devoured the souls of the Sky Sovereign and the Yin Yang Gods, his soul aura suddenly skyrocketed …
The white-robed woman suddenly turned to look at Su Zhe who was not far away.
Seeing this, Su Zhe hurriedly said, "Greetings, Senior!
We are Young Master Ye's friends! "
The white-robed woman looked at Ye Xuan and Ye Xuan nodded. "Senior Su Zhe and the others have helped me a lot!"
The white-robed woman nodded slightly and looked at Su Zhe. "Thank you!"
Hearing this, Su Zhe trembled. He was slightly flattered by this senior's thanks.
But fortunately, this senior seemed to be reasonable!
As for the white-robed woman, she was really a little unreasonable!
The white-robed woman looked at Yue Zun and the others. Seeing this, the Great Elder hurriedly said, "Sir, we are also good friends with Young Master Ye!"
The white-robed woman retracted her gaze and looked at Ye Xuan. At this moment, Ye Xuan was madly absorbing the souls of those experts!
It was really great nourishment!
Especially since he had the Soul Suppressing Sword!
There wasn't much difference between him and the Soul Suppressing Sword!
The white-robed woman just looked at Ye Xuan, her eyes filled with gentleness.
Actually, she didn't care about anything back then because there was nothing left for her to care about.
During the battle between the white-robed woman and the green-robed man, she didn't choose to help the green-robed man not because she was afraid of the white-robed woman, but because she actually hoped that the white-robed woman could defy the heavens and change her fate.
Among the four of them, the one they owed the most was her brother.
No matter if it was her or the white-robed woman, they would never be able to forget that little boy that had starved to death in the cave.
Right at this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly opened his eyes. He didn't continue absorbing those souls because his soul had returned to normal, and it was better for the Soul Suppressing Sword to absorb the remaining souls!
Ye Xuan looked at the white-robed woman. "Qing 'er!"
The white-robed woman nodded. She walked over to Ye Xuan, and then she took Ye Xuan's hand and said softly, "I'm sorry I'm late!"
Ye Xuan laughed bitterly. "I thought I was dead for sure!"
The white-robed woman gazed at Ye Xuan. "You won't die with me here!"
Ye Xuan said softly, "Qing 'er, you and Qing' er …. Both of you are so strong!
Do you know where she is now? "
The white-robed woman raised her head and looked towards the depths of the starry sky. After a short moment, she shook her head. "She's very, very far away from us!"
Ye Xuan asked, "Is it because of my Misfortune Seed?"
The white-robed woman nodded. "Yes."
Ye Xuan furrowed his brows. "What is it?"
The white-robed woman fell silent for a moment. "It's a very complicated thing!
I don't know if this Misfortune Seed was forced upon you by others, or if it was your own doing. I've been investigating this matter, and I've just made some progress. Then, someone informed me that you're in danger … "
Ye Xuan hurriedly asked, "Who informed you?"
The white-robed woman fell silent.
Ye Xuan was about to ask more questions, but the white-robed woman shook her head. "One day, you'll understand everything."
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment, then nodded. "Alright!
I won't ask anymore! "
The white-robed woman turned to look at Su Zhe. "Where is the Dark Abyss?"
Hearing this, Su Zhe was stunned for a moment, then he was overjoyed!
Su Zhe hurriedly said, "Senior, I'm willing to lead the way!"
The white-robed woman nodded. "Lead the way!"
As she said this, she looked at Ye Xuan. "Let's go settle the score!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Situ Tingyun suddenly asked, "Do you need my help?"
The white-robed woman pulled Ye Xuan's hand and walked away without looking back. "Do you think it's necessary?"
....
PS: One of our readers has a son today. Congratulations!
I'll be giving everyone a red packet today. Remember to collect it!
Unknowingly, many of our readers have already started their own families.
I suddenly realize that we're all getting older …








Chapter 1433
Along with the departure of Ye Xuan and the white-robed woman, the Fifth Dimension suddenly fell silent.
Venerable Yue said softly, "A calamity has descended upon Dark Abyss!"
Xuan Chu said softly, "I'm afraid it isn't just Dark Abyss!"
The corners of Venerable Yue's mouth curled up. "Yes!
However, it's great news for us. "
The Grand Elder suddenly said, "Venerable Yue, if Ye Xuan wants the last scripture of our Swaying Sect, then we …"
Venerable Yue glanced at the Grand Elder. "Wait for him?
Shouldn't we be the ones to give it to him? "
The Grand Elder was speechless.
...
On the other side, the Lord suddenly smiled, "What do you think?"
Behind him, Rahu and the others were silent.
What do they think?
That woman is already invincible!
How do they think?
Chi Yaoyao suddenly smiled, "Shouldn't we rejoice?"
The Lord smiled, "Indeed!"
As he spoke, he looked towards the distance and said softly, "I finally know why Ancestor Daoting chose him!
With such an expert behind him, wouldn't it be extremely easy for him to rebuild order? "
Rahu suddenly said, "Can Dark Abyss stop that senior?"
The Lord replied softly, "I don't think so!
However, Ancestor Dark Abyss isn't a simple figure. How could someone who could create the Dark Abyss be ordinary?
Moreover, the Dark Abyss has existed for so long, and its foundation is far beyond our imagination! "
Chi Yaoyao smiled, "That's not something we should worry about!"
The Lord grinned, "Indeed!"
As if he'd thought of something, he suddenly looked towards Situ Tingyun, "We almost forgot about this senior …"
...
A woman walked over to Situ Tingyun, it was Senior Sister Lu.
Senior Sister Lu smiled and said, "Tingyun!"
Situ Tingyun grinned, "Senior Sister Lu!"
Senior Sister Lu hesitated for a moment before she said, "Do you know anything about him?"
Situ Tingyun shook her head, "I don't."
Senior Sister Lu fell silent.
Situ Tingyun suddenly turned to look at Nian Nian. Nian Nian hurriedly lowered her head when she saw Situ Tingyun looking over.
Situ Tingyun walked over to Nian Nian and smiled, "What's your name?"
Nian Nian said softly, "Nian Nian!"
Situ Tingyun turned around to gaze at Senior Sister Lu. Senior Sister Lu hesitated for a moment before she said, "She's a Fifth Dimension Tendo!"
Tendo!
Situ Tingyun smiled. "Interesting. There's actually such an expert in this universe!"
Senior Sister Lu looked at Situ Tingyun, "Tingyun, can you help her recover her memories?"
Situ Tingyun shook her head.
Senior Sister Lu frowned slightly. "Not either?"
Situ Tingyun smiled and said, "She might have intentionally lost her memories. I believe that she will recover her memories when it's necessary."
Was it intentional?
Senior Sister Lu looked at Nian Nian in silence.
Soon, her expression became complicated.
What kind of person was the Fifth Dimension Tendo?
That was a person whose strength and intelligence were close to that of a demon!
How could such a person lose his memory?
Could she be plotting something again?
At that moment, Situ Tingyun suddenly turned her head. A powerful aura was rapidly approaching the Fifth Dimension's starry space from the Whirling World to the Fifth Dimension.
Another expert from the Whirling World had arrived!
Everyone was looking at the teleportation formation.
It didn't take long for an old man to walk out from within it. He glanced at the surroundings and spoke in a low voice, "Where are they?"
No one answered him!
The old man suddenly gazed at Yue Zun's group, "Yue Zun, where are they!?"
Yue Zun smiled, "So it's the Supreme Elder of the Blackout Sect!"
The old man gazed at Yue Zun, "What exactly happened here!?"
Yue Zun hesitated for a moment before he said, "I want to tell you what happened as well, but I think that you might not believe me!"
The old man stared fixedly at Yue Zun, "Something has happened to them!"
Yue Zun nodded, "Yes!"
The old man's face turned gloomy, "Impossible!"
He seemed to have thought of something, and he glanced coldly at the surroundings. In the end, his gaze descended onto Situ Tingyun, "Who is it!?"
Situ Tingyun smiled, "I can be considered to be Ye Xuan's Senior Sister!"
Ye Xuan!
The old man's eyes narrowed slightly while he slowly clenched his right fist, but he didn't dare attack.
Because the woman before him gave him an extremely dangerous feeling!
In his opinion, this was extremely absurd because he'd already attained the peak of the Consolidation Realm, and there weren't many in this world that could pose a threat to him!
But at this moment, he really did sense danger!
The old man thought for a moment before he relaxed his right hand. He felt that it was better to be cautious and keep a low profile!
He looked at Situ Tingyun, "Where are the members of my Blackout Sect!?"
Situ Tingyun smiled, "They're dead!"
The old man's expression instantly turned cold, "They're dead?
My Blackout Sect has 8 Consolidation Realm experts and a few dozen at the Dao Attainment Realm!
You're saying that they're dead? "
Situ Tingyun nodded, "They're indeed dead!"
The old man laughed from extreme rage, "Dead?
Don't tell me that they were killed! "
Situ Tingyun shook her head, "That's not it!"
The old man pointed angrily at Situ Tingyun, "What a huge joke! Eight Consolidation Realm experts and a few dozen Consolidation Realm experts in total, yet you're saying that they were killed …"
Situ Tingyun suddenly interrupted the old man, "Is the Consolidation Realm very strong?"
The old man was stunned.
Situ Tingyun hesitated for a moment before she said, "I don't mean to offend you, but I feel that it's enough to kill a Consolidation Realm expert with hands, right?"
Everyone, "…"
On the other side, Yue Zun's expression was very unnatural.
The High Lord shook his head and smiled bitterly, "That's too much of a blow!"
In front of Situ Tingyun, the old man suddenly pointed at himself and smiled, "I'm a Consolidation Realm expert. You have hands, and two hands at that. Why don't you try killing me?"
Situ Tingyun blinked, "That's what I said!"
The old man smiled, "That's what I said! …"
At this point, the old man's pupils suddenly constricted because he saw a sword, a very, very ordinary sword. The sword was slightly blurry at first, but it quickly became clear. However, when he saw the sword clearly, it had already pierced his throat.
A sword pierced through his throat!
The old man looked at Situ Tingyun in disbelief, "This …"
Situ Tingyun shrugged. "I was the one who killed him!"
The old man was at a loss, "Why … Why can't I even take a single sword strike …"
Situ Tingyun blinked, "You might be a little weak!"
The old man suddenly roared, "I'm at the peak of the Consolidation Realm!
I'm at the peak of the Consolidation Realm! "
Situ Tingyun hesitated for a moment before she said, "I was wrong!
It's not that you're weak, but that you're very weak at the Consolidation Realm. "
The old man, "…"
On the other side, Lord Yue shook his head, "This woman's words are so infuriating!
I can't take it anymore! "
With that, she turned around and left.
Xuan Chu, "…"
The High Lord shook his head and smiled bitterly, "This senior is speaking … Farewell, farewell!"
With that, he turned around and left.
Luo Hou and the others, "…"
In the distance, the old man in front of Situ Tingyun was at a loss.
At the instant Situ Tingyun attacked, he knew that he'd encountered a true expert!
She was too strong, and he was too weak!
In some places, Consolidation Realm experts were at the top of the pyramid, but in other places, they were like cabbages.
Different environments had different values!
At this moment, Situ Tingyun suddenly looked at Senior Sister Lu, "Senior Sister Lu, let's catch up!"
Senior Sister Lu nodded, "Alright!"
The two women left.
The starry sky returned to peace once more.
...
Somewhere in the starry sky, Ye Xuan was flying on his sword, and the white-robed woman was by his side.
Su Zhe wasn't too far away from them.
At this moment, Su Zhe was extremely excited!
How many years had the Ancient God Abyss and the Dark Abyss been fighting for?
Countless years!
However, both sides hadn't come to a conclusion!
But now, the situation was about to change!
Ye Xuan suddenly looked at the white-robed woman, "Qing 'er, do you know the origin of my bloodline?"
The white-robed woman nodded, "I do!"
Ye Xuan hurriedly asked, "Who am I?"
The white-robed woman hesitated for a moment, and then she said, "I know who your father is, but I don't know your mother. However, I do know that your mother isn't ordinary!"
Dugu Xuan!
Ye Xuan spoke in a low voice, "My mother is Dugu Xuan, but she said she was going to look for someone, and we haven't heard from her since."
The white-robed woman said, "She's very complicated, and I don't know the specifics. However, I do know that she isn't an ordinary person."
Ye Xuan fell silent.
The white-robed woman continued, "Don't think too much about it. What you have to do is live well!"
Ye Xuan spoke softly, "I want to become as strong as you!"
The white-robed woman said, "Time!"
As she spoke, she gazed at Ye Xuan, "That Qing 'er I know has lived for over 200,000 years. If she lived for that long, she would be as strong as you!"
Over 200,000 years!
Ye Xuan was slightly curious, "Qing 'er, are you originally from the three-dimensional universe?"
The white-robed woman nodded, "Yes!"
Ye Xuan was slightly puzzled, "Why are all the people from the three-dimensional universe so terrifying?"
The white-robed woman fell silent for a moment, then said, "In the entire three-dimensional universe, there are only a few special ones!"
Ye Xuan asked again, "Qing 'er, you've been to very far places, do you know how big this universe is?"
The white-robed woman shook her head, "There's no end."
Ye Xuan asked, "Infinite?"
The white-robed woman nodded, "Something like that!"
As she said this, she seemed to have thought of something and said, "There's a place that we have to be careful of."
Ye Xuan asked, "What place?"
The white-robed woman was about to speak when Su Zhe suddenly said, "Senior, we've arrived!"
We've arrived!
Ye Xuan looked up and saw a huge abyss not far away. That abyss was like a pitch-black black hole in the starry sky, deep and mysterious.
The Dark Abyss!
Su Zhe said solemnly, "Senior, this is the Dark Abyss. There's a powerful enchantment around it …"
At this moment, the white-robed woman threw a punch.
Boom!
The huge abyss trembled violently. Immediately after, the boundary around the abyss vanished into thin air.
The white-robed woman looked at the abyss, her face expressionless, "Are you going to commit suicide, or should I kill you?"
Su Zhe was speechless.
....








Chapter 1434
Domineering!
Too domineering!
Su Zhe looked at the white-robed woman. Why was Ye Xuan's sister so domineering?
Right at this moment, the enormous abyss suddenly trembled. In the next moment, an old man walked out from within it.
Su Zhe quickly said, "Senior, this is an elder of An Yuan. His strength is at the peak of the Consolidation Realm!"
The white-robed woman nodded, "You don't need to introduce me to someone who is about to die!"
Su Zhe was speechless.
In the distance, the old man bowed slightly to the white robed woman, "Senior, I, An Yuan, was in the wrong this time. I, An Yuan, am willing to return the two scriptures and apologize to Young Master Ye!"
He admitted defeat!
Obviously, An Yuan already knew about what happened in the Fifth Dimension!
The white-robed woman's mouth curled into a disdainful smile, "Apologize?"
As she said that, she punched out.
Boom!
Before the old man could react, he was directly smashed into pieces by the white-robed woman's punch!
The white-robed woman said, "Brother, apologize to him!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Su Zhe had a strange expression on his face.
At this time, another old man came out from the abyss. This old man held a black cane in his hand and looked at the white-robed woman, "Your Excellency, do you really want to be so ruthless?"
The white-robed woman was expressionless, "When you went against my brother, did you think of holding back?"
The old man said in a low voice, "Your Excellency, we already know our mistakes!"
The white-robed woman's expression became ferocious, "Mistakes?
Since you know your mistakes, why don't you die? "
Su Zhe blinked and sweated.
This senior is too scary!
In the distance, the old man stared at the white-robed woman, "Your Excellency, I, An Yuan, am not easy to bully!"
The white-robed woman laughed, "I will bully you right now!"
As she said that, she punched out!
Boom!
The huge abyss in the distance began to shatter!
Seeing this scene, the old man's expression changed. The white-robed woman wanted to destroy the entire Dark Abyss!
The old man quickly said, "Sacrificial array!"
As soon as he finished speaking, the Dark Abyss suddenly trembled violently, and then numerous black blades flew out from within it. Moreover, figures could be seen within these blades!
Ye Xuan's expression turned solemn when he saw this. These giant blades contained extremely powerful energy that could easily tear space apart!
At this time, the white-robed woman punched out.
Boom!
Those huge blades were instantly transformed into nothingness. At the same time, the entire Dark Abyss started to shatter!
In next to no time, numerous shrill cries resounded from within the dark abyss, and then countless people fled from within it!
The old man's countenance instantly turned pale when he witnessed this scene. At this moment, he was truly on the verge of despair!
What kind of person was he?
Why was he so ridiculously powerful!
The white-robed woman was about to attack again, but at this moment, a middle-aged man, who was wearing a white robe, suddenly appeared.
The man suddenly appeared in front of the white-robed woman.
Su Zhe's expression instantly became solemn when he saw this person, and he hurriedly said, "Senior, this person is the current master of the Dark Abyss, and his name is Mo Yuan!"
Mo Yuan looked at the white-robed woman. "Are you from Xuan City?"
The white-robed woman's face was expressionless. Without answering, she directly punched out.
In the distance, Mo Yuan's pupils suddenly shrank. In the next moment, he suddenly rushed forward and also punched out!
The moment he punched out, the space around him directly distorted into a strange shape. At the same time, the surrounding starry sky even cracked inch by inch.
Compared to the white-robed woman's simple punch, the momentum of Mo Yuan's punch could be said to be earth-shattering.
But soon, the power of Mo Yuan's punch began to dissipate inch by inch, like snow meeting boiling oil!
Seeing this scene, Mo Yuan's pupils suddenly shrank. "How … How is this possible …"
As soon as he finished speaking, his entire body disappeared without a trace.
Killed with a single punch!
In the distance, Su Zhe's expression became extremely solemn!
At this moment, his heart was in turmoil, and he was extremely shocked!
He knew that he had seriously underestimated the strength of this senior!
That was Mo Yuan!
The current master of the Dark Abyss had been killed by a punch from the white-robed woman!
Ye Xuan was also a little shocked. Just how strong was this Qing 'er?
The white-robed woman didn't stop. She looked at the shattered Dark Abyss and blasted out another punch!
A fist seal swept out!
If this punch entered the Dark Abyss, the entire Dark Abyss would be turned into nothingness in an instant!
One punch to destroy a world!
However, just as the punch was about to enter the Dark Abyss, a finger seal suddenly flashed out from the Dark Abyss.
Boom!
The white-robed woman's fist seal was directly blocked, but in the next moment, the finger seal directly shattered. The fist seal went straight into the Dark Abyss, but there was no movement!
Not far away, Su Zhe's expression became solemn!
He knew that the true expert of the Dark Abyss had appeared!
Could it be the Second Elder of the Dark Abyss?
The white-robed woman looked at the Dark Abyss with a calm expression.
At this moment, an old man walked out of the Dark Abyss. The old man's back was a little heavy, and his hair was white. He looked particularly weak.
Su Zhe frowned because he didn't know the old man at all.
The hunchbacked old man gazed at the white-robed woman, and a trace of a complicated expression flashed through his eyes, "I never expected that the Dark Abyss would suffer such a calamity today!"
The white-robed woman clenched her right fist slowly.
Meanwhile, the hunchbacked old man suddenly said, "Senior, I, An Yuan, am willing to submit to Young Master Ye. I wonder if Senior can spare my life?"
The white-robed woman turned to look at Ye Xuan.
Meanwhile, the hunchbacked old man hurriedly added, "Young Master Ye, if you're willing to show mercy, I, An Yuan, will follow Young Master Ye forever …."
Ye Xuan smiled, "I don't need it!"
The hunchbacked old man was stunned.
Su Zhe was stunned as well. He'd thought that Ye Xuan would agree. After all, the entire Dark Abyss submitting to him was extremely tempting!
After all, Ye Xuan had subdued the Daoting as well.
And the Dark Abyss was even more powerful than the Daoting!
The hunchbacked old man looked at Ye Xuan, "Young Master Ye, this old man doesn't understand!
As far as I know, didn't you give the Daoting a chance?
Why can't you give it to me … "
Ye Xuan shook his head, "When the Daoting Ancestor made me the Daoting Master, the Daoting was stronger than me, Ye Xuan. The Daoting Ancestor's strength was enough to crush me. But now, you chose to submit not because you want to submit, but because you want to live.
The difference is huge! "
The hunchbacked old man was stunned, and just as he was about to speak, the white-robed woman suddenly said angrily, "My brother said there's no need!
You don't understand, do you? "
As soon as she finished speaking, she punched out!
Boom!
Before the hunchbacked old man could finish his words, his entire body turned into a wisp of green smoke and disappeared without a trace.
He was directly erased!
It was obvious that the white-robed woman had used a bit of strength in that punch!
After killing the hunchbacked old man with a single punch, the white-robed woman looked at the shattered Dark Abyss, and in the next moment, she punched out!
A fist swept through the battlefield, and the space in its path was annihilated inch by inch. It was an extremely shocking sight.
If this fist entered the Dark Abyss, the entire Dark Abyss would be instantly turned into nothingness!
Just as the fist was about to enter the Dark Abyss, a shadow suddenly appeared at the entrance of the Dark Abyss, and the shadow flicked his sleeve.
Boom!
The white-robed woman's fist was instantly blocked by a mysterious force!
Su Zhe's voice trembled as he spoke from afar, "Dao Brother!"
The shadow before them was the Ancestor of the Dark Abyss, Dao Brother. However, it wasn't his true body, it was just a shadow!
Dao Brother!
He was one of the disciples of the previous owner of the Dao Scripture!
Moreover, he had created the Dark Abyss!
Dao Brother looked at the white-robed woman in the distance, and he just looked at her without saying a word. After that, his body started to dissipate bit by bit.
Su Zhe frowned slightly when he saw this. What does this mean?
Just like that, the Dao Brother slowly disappeared in front of the three of them.
Ye Xuan was silent.
What did she mean by this?
At this moment, the white-robed woman waved her right hand, and two rays of white light suddenly flew out from the Dark Abyss and landed steadily in her hands.
Dao Scripture!
Two Dao Scriptures!
Ye Xuan was about to speak, but the white-robed woman suddenly punched out!
Boom!
In the distance, the entire Dark Abyss was directly turned into nothingness!
Completely wiped out!
Seeing this scene, Su Zhe's heart was filled with mixed feelings.
The Dark Abyss and the Ancient God Abyss had been fighting for so many years, but now, this force had completely disappeared.
At this moment, the white-robed woman suddenly said, "Let's go!"
Su Zhe hurriedly asked, "Back to the Fifth Dimension?"
The white-robed woman nodded.
Su Zhe was about to speak, but the white-robed woman said again, "Then go to the Whirling World!"
Go to the Whirling World!
Su Zhe was stunned.
This senior still didn't want to give up?
At this moment, the white-robed woman suddenly said, "Let's go!"
As she said this, she pulled Ye Xuan and turned to leave.
Su Zhe hesitated for a moment, then followed.
...
Whirling World.
Somewhere in the clouds, the clouds suddenly trembled. Soon, four experts appeared above the clouds.
These four people were the Xuanhuan Sect's Sect Master Li Shanshui, the Xuanji Sect's Sect Master Gu Wuchao, the Dao Returning Academy's Sect Master Yun Min, and the Xiao clan's Patriarch Xiao Jing!
Xuanhuan Sect's Sect Master Li Shanshui suddenly said, "I think everyone should know that something has happened to the Fifth Dimension!"
Gu Wuchao said in a deep voice, "I can no longer contact the people of my Xuanji Sect!"
Dao Returning Academy's Sect Master Yun Min said softly, "Me too!"
Xiao Jing also said, "My Xiao clan too!"
Xuanhuan Sect's Sect Master Li Shanshui suddenly said, "They might all be dead!"
Hearing this, the expressions of everyone present changed.
Li Shanshui said softly, "Everyone, this time, we might have kicked an iron plate!"
Xiao Jing looked at Li Shanshui. "No one should be able to destroy them over there!"
Li Shanshui said in a deep voice, "We might have underestimated the force behind that Ye Xuan!"
Everyone fell silent!
The force behind Ye Xuan!
Why had they sent so many experts to the Fifth Dimension this time?
They wanted to destroy the force behind Ye Xuan, seize the Dao Scripture, and divide the Fifth Dimension.
But now, all the people they had sent were gone!
Li Shanshui suddenly said, "Everyone, the people behind Ye Xuan will definitely not let this go."
Xiao Jing said in a deep voice, "In Brother Li's opinion, what should we do next?"
A cold light flashed in Li Shanshui's eyes. "We can't sit still and wait for death. We must strike first to gain the upper hand."
As he said this, he looked at everyone. "Everyone, this time, we must work together and unite as one!
I have already asked all the experts of my Xuan Fei Sect to rush back. Not only that, I have also invited some of the elders who are in seclusion … All the experts of my Xuan Fei Sect have rushed to the transmission array here … Everyone, I hope that you can do the same. Don't think that you will get lucky. The other party was able to destroy so many of us, so they must have a lot of people. None of our four clans can contend against them. Only when the four clans unite as one will we have a chance! "
After the other three were silent for a moment, Xiao Jing suddenly said, "I will immediately ask all the experts of my Xiao clan to rush here!"
Dao Returning Academy Master Yun Min also said, "The people of my Dao Returning Academy will arrive here in an hour at most!"
Xuanji Sect Master Gu Wuchao said, "Within an hour, all the experts of my Xuanji Sect who are at or above the Dao Attainment Realm will appear here!"
Soon, countless experts of the entire Whirling World rushed towards the transmission array that led to the Fifth Dimension.
More and more people came because there were many vassal forces under the four super forces …
....
PS: Thank you for the support of all the readers!
The monthly votes have increased a lot, thank you!
Thank you very much!
I don't think about health care anymore!
Work hard to earn milk powder money!
I want to be a righteous person!








Chapter 1435
Under the call of the four major forces, more and more forces from the Saha World began to join them.
However, the Whirling Sect, which had the greatest influence in the Whirling World, did not make any moves.
Whirling Sect.
In a certain pavilion, two women sat facing each other.
One of the women was Yue Zun, who had rushed back from the Fifth Dimension.
The other woman was the current Sect Master of the Whirling Sect, Yue Xi!
The two of them were playing chess.
Yue Xi raised a piece and placed it down, "Is what you said true?"
Venerable Yue laughed, "Senior Sister, do you think I would lie to you?"
Yue Xi shook her head, her eyes flashed a trace of complexity, "I just can't believe that there is such a strong person in this world!"
Venerable Yue said in a low voice, "I didn't believe it in the beginning either!"
Yue Xi shook his head and smiled, "It seems that our vision is too narrow!
In other words, the Whirling World has limited us! "
Yue Zun raised a chess piece and placed it down. Then, he said, "Senior sister, have you considered it?"
Yue Xi chuckled and said, "What's there to consider?
Exchanging a Daoist scripture for a good karma, no matter how you look at it, it's our gain! "
Venerable Yue smiled and said, "Indeed!"
Yue Xi turned his head and took a look, "Now more and more experts from the Whirling World are rushing to that teleportation array. It seems that Xuan Huan Sect wants to fight to the death!"
Venerable Yue shook his head, "A mantis trying to stop a chariot!"
In her opinion, numbers meant nothing to a powerhouse at the level of the white-robed woman!
Most importantly, there was also a female Swordsman!
That female Swordsman was also terrifying!
If the two of them joined forces, they could even shatter the Whirling World, let alone destroy the Mystic Nebulous Sect and other forces!
At that moment, an old man suddenly appeared behind the two women. The old man bowed slightly and said, "Sect Master, Sect Master Li Shanshui of the Profound Nether Sect has come to visit. Do you want to see him?"
Hearing this, Yue Xi looked at Yue Zun and said with a smile, "Why do you think he came here?"
Venerable Yue spoke indifferently, "He wants us to join forces with him!"
Yue Xi smiled and said, "Yes!"
The old man bowed slightly and then quietly retreated.
A moment later, Li Shanshui appeared in front of the two women.
Yue Xi stood up and said with a smile, "Brother Li, why are you free to come to my Whirling Sect today?"
Li Shanshui smiled and said, "Sect Master Yue, to tell you the truth, I came this time because I have something to ask of you!"
Yue Xi rolled his eyes at Li Shanshui, "Brother Li, what do you mean by begging? You're treating me like an outsider!
What's the matter, Brother Li, just say it. "
Li Shanshui looked at Yue Xi, "Sect Leader Yue, I think you should already know what happened in the Fifth Dimension!"
Yue Xi blinked, "What is it?"
Li Shanshui's expression was calm. Damn, this woman is playing dumb!
Li Shanshui smiled slightly, "Sect Leader Yue, I will be straightforward!
We underestimated the power behind Ye Xuan in the Fifth Dimension. This time, we want the Whirling Sect to join us. If Sect Leader Yue agrees, after we kill Ye Xuan, all the Dao Scriptures on him will belong to the Whirling Sect! "
Yue Zun glanced at Li Shanshui. Needless to say, Li Shanshui's conditions were very tempting.
After all, if the Whirling Sect obtained the Taoist scriptures from Ye Xuan, they would have a total of seven Taoist scriptures!
Of course, not to mention seven Daoist scriptures, the Whirling Sect wouldn't even be tempted by nine Daoist scriptures!
They didn't dare to be tempted!
Yue Xi smiled, "Sect Leader Li, this condition is very tempting … However, Sect Leader Li, I will tell you the truth. This time, we won't interfere in the matter between you and the Fifth Dimension!"
Li Shanshui frowned, "Why?"
Yue Xi smiled slightly, "Sect Leader Li, forgive me for speaking bluntly, but why should we interfere?"
Li Shanshui was silent.
Yue Xi continued, "Sect Leader Li, if you obtain the Taoist scriptures from Ye Xuan, my Whirling Sect won't be jealous."
Li Shanshui glanced at Yue Xi and said, "Farewell!"
With that, he turned and left.
After Li Shanshui left, Yue Zun suddenly said, "Actually, if they go to the Fifth Dimension now, they can still be saved!"
Yue Xi looked at Yue Zun, "How?"
Yue Zun smiled, "Admit your mistake and beg for mercy."
Yue Xi smiled, "They won't!"
Yue Zun nodded. As if thinking of something, she suddenly looked at Yue Xi, "Senior Sister, why didn't you tell him about the true strength of the person behind Ye Xuan?"
Yue Xi blinked, "He didn't ask!"
Yue Zun gave a thumbs up, "No wonder Master passed the position of Sect Leader to you!
Amazing! "
Yue Xi smiled, "If you want, I can give it to you right now!"
Yue Zun stood up and walked over to Yue Xi, "Senior Sister, if I had the intention to fight for the position of Sect Leader, would you have let me go?"
Yue Xi grabbed Yue Zun's hand and smiled lightly, "Am I that bad in your heart?"
Yue Zun smiled, "Even now, I still can't see through you!"
Yue Xi looked at Yue Zun, "After I took over the Whirling Sect, have I harmed anyone?"
Yue Zun was silent for a moment, then smiled, "I was thinking too much!"
With that, she turned and left.
On the spot, Yue Xi said softly, "Silly girl …"
...
Somewhere in the clouds, more and more experts were gathering here. They were experts from all over the world.
And they were all summoned by Xuanhuan Sect and other forces!
The experts of the Xuanhuan Sect and other forces had also arrived. At this moment, there were sixty-nine Consolidation Realm experts gathered here. In addition, there were more than three hundred Dao Attainment Realm experts and thousands of Dao Defense Realm experts!
It seemed like a lot, but it was actually normal, because most of the top experts in the Whirling World were here!
In the Five-Dimensional Universe.
After Ye Xuan and the white-robed woman returned to the Five-Dimensional Universe, they did not stop. Instead, they directly went to the teleportation formation to the Whirling World.
The white-robed woman glanced at Su Zhe in the distance, "You can stay here!"
Su Zhe hesitated for a moment, then nodded, "Okay!"
The white-robed woman nodded slightly, then led Ye Xuan towards the teleportation formation. At this moment, a voice suddenly came from behind them, "Count me in!"
Ye Xuan turned around and saw that the person who spoke was Situ Tingyun.
The white-robed woman said, "I alone am enough!"
Situ Tingyun smiled, "I want to join in the fun!"
The white-robed woman was about to speak when Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Then let's go together!"
Situ Tingyun smiled, "Then let's go!"
After saying that, she turned into a sword light and entered the teleportation formation.
The white-robed woman and Ye Xuan disappeared on the spot.
...
In the teleportation formation passage, Ye Xuan looked at Situ Tingyun, "Senior Sister, I would like to ask you for advice on Sword Dao!"
"Sword Dao!"
Situ Tingyun blinked, then smiled, "The person beside you is also a Swordsman!
And a powerful Swordsman! "
Ye Xuan looked at the white-robed woman, "Qing 'er … Are you a sword and fist cultivator?"
The white-robed woman nodded, "Sort of."
Ye Xuan hurriedly said, "Then can you provide me with some guidance in Sword Dao?"
The white-robed woman glanced at Ye Xuan, and then she said, "Your current Sword Dao already has a flavor of its own. However, it's still very, very lacking in terms of intent!"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Yes!
Is there any way to improve it? "
The white-robed woman thought for a moment, and then she said, "I can point you in a direction. As for whether you're able to improve it, that's up to you!"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Alright!"
The white-robed woman said, "Your current comprehension of the Sword Dao has attained the level of the unrestrained Sword Heart. What is the unrestrained Sword Heart?
It's when the sword isn't restrained by yourself or anything else. However, your sword hasn't attained true freedom. What is freedom?
It's freedom that comes naturally from not attaining it. You're far from attaining that level right now!
The reason you're unable to attain that level is because you have too many trivial matters and too many burdens. There's an invisible shackle in your heart, and it's preventing you from attaining true freedom. "
Ye Xuan fell silent.
He understood what the white-robed woman meant. Because of the matter regarding the Fifth Dimension, he was utterly unable to attain true freedom in the Sword Heart!
Ye Xuan asked another question. "Qing 'er, then what about the level above the unrestrained Sword Heart?"
The white-robed woman gazed at Ye Xuan and said, "I can't tell you that!"
Ye Xuan was slightly puzzled, "Why?"
The white-robed woman spoke softly, "You've already created your own path in the Sword Dao!
You can only explore this path on your own. Do you understand what I mean? "
Ye Xuan fell silent.
The white-robed woman continued, "If you continue on this path, then your Sword Dao will truly create a path that truly belongs to you. At that time, you'll become someone that isn't within your realm of cultivation!
As for our path in the Sword Dao, even though you can walk it as well, there's no need for you to! "
Ye Xuan nodded slightly, "I understand!"
The white-robed woman glanced at Situ Tingyun in the distance and said, "Her Sword Dao was also created by her own!"
Situ Tingyun nodded. "Regardless of whether it's the Sword Dao or any other path, it's best to walk one's own path. Even though it's much simpler to walk someone else's path, there are too many limitations."
As she spoke, she smiled faintly. "In our eyes, there are only two types of people in this world. One is within the realm of cultivation, and the other is outside the realm of cultivation!
Those within the realm of cultivation are equivalent to what the Milky Way Realm calls the novice village. Those outside the realm of cultivation are the true experts. "
Ye Xuan blinked. "What's the meaning of novice village?"
Situ Tingyun smiled and said, "It means that they're very, very weak!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Situ Tingyun continued, "Of course, the owner of this scripture is considered an expert. However, those who walk his path are not. Unless one surpasses him, one can only be considered to be unconventional!"
Unconventional!
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "Is the owner of this scripture very formidable?"
Situ Tingyun smiled and said, "I've never seen him. However, he was able to create a complete martial arts system, so he's definitely a genius amongst geniuses. Such a person is rare in this world."
The white-robed woman nodded. "This scripture's martial arts system is not bad indeed. As for the owner of this scripture, I've never seen him before, so I won't comment on him."
Ye Xuan suddenly asked, "What about the woman in the plain dress?
How strong is she? "
Situ Tingyun fell silent.
The white-robed woman fell silent as well.
Ye Xuan glanced at the two of them and said softly, "Both of you should know, right?"
Situ Tingyun gazed at the white-robed woman. "Ask her!"
Ye Xuan gazed at the white-robed woman. The latter fell silent for a moment before she said, "Let's change the topic!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
...








Chapter 1436
Ye Xuan glanced at the white robed woman. Obviously, she didn't want to talk about the Qing 'er.
What exactly happened during her generation?
Why did only two out of the four Qing 'er remain in the end?
Ye Xuan was quite curious.
However, he didn't ask any further.
Suddenly, the three of them stopped moving because an old man had suddenly appeared not too far away from them.
The white robed woman gazed at the old man with a calm expression and indifference in her eyes.
The old man's gaze descended onto Ye Xuan, "You're Ye Xuan!"
Ye Xuan nodded.
The old man glanced at the white robed woman and Situ Tingyun, and then he smiled, "What? You've only brought two people with you?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
The old man laughed with ridicule, "Ye Xuan, who are you looking down on?"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The old man sized up the white robed woman and Situ Tingyun again, and then he smiled, "Ye Xuan, don't you think you've brought too few people with you?"
Ye Xuan thought for a while. Then he said, "Yes, it is a little too little!"
The old man was about to speak when Situ Tingyun suddenly said, "All of you seem to have been waiting for us?"
The old man gazed at Situ Tingyun, "We've been waiting for a long time!"
Situ Tingyun blinked, "Err … then lead the way!"
The old man glanced at Ye Xuan's group of three, "Come on then!
We've prepared a huge gift for all of you. I hope you like it! "
He turned around and left once he finished speaking.
Situ Tingyun hesitated for a moment, "I'm a little panicked!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The white robed woman glanced at Situ Tingyun, "You've learned quite a bit from him!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she led Ye Xuan off into the distance.
Situ Tingyun chuckled, and then she followed after them.
...
Whirling World. At this moment, a few thousand people had gathered at the teleportation formation!
There were a total of 98 Consolidation Realm experts amongst them!
Moreover, there were over 500 Dao Attainment Realm experts!
Among them, there were thousands of Dao Defense Realm experts!
The Xuanhuan Sect and the other three super forces had used all the resources they could!
This time, they were serious.
And they didn't dare to underestimate him!
The fall of dozens of Consolidation Realm experts made them realize that they were definitely not facing an ordinary force!
At that moment, an old man walked out from the teleportation formation.
Not far away, Li Shanshui, the sect master of the Mystic Fraudulent Sect, opened his eyes and looked at the elder. The elder said solemnly, "They're here!"
Li Shanshui narrowed his eyes. "How many?"
The old man said, "Including Ye Xuan, that makes three!"
Three people!
Everyone was stunned when they heard this.
Li Shanshui frowned. "Are you sure there are only three of them?"
The old man nodded. "Just three!
However, the aura of those two women is very calm. I'm afraid they're not ordinary people! "
Three people!
Li Shanshui looked at the entrance of the teleportation array with a hint of doubt in his eyes.
Ye Xuan only brought two women to the Saha World?
Was he confident, or did he have a backup plan?
The Xiao Clan's Patriarch, Xiao Jing, spoke abruptly, "It isn't that simple!"
The Dao Convergence Dean, Yun Min, nodded. "Yes, we can't be careless!"
Li Shanshui gazed at the teleportation formation, "Then let's see how extraordinary they are!"
As he spoke, he closed his eyes slowly.
Actually, there was a trace of uneasiness in his heart.
It was absolutely impossible for Ye Xuan to have no backup plan. Or perhaps, it could be said that those two women were absolutely not ordinary people!
But at this moment, they had no way out!
They couldn't beg for mercy from Ye Xuan, right?
He couldn't do something like that!
Two women gazed silently at Li Shanshui's group from high up in the clouds.
They were Yue Zun and Yue Xi!
Yue Xi smiled, "Junior Sister, looks like Li Shanshui and the others are prepared to fight to the death!"
Yue Zun spoke softly, "Let's just watch in silence!"
Yue Xi gazed at Yue Zun, "Do you know that if Ye Xuan loses, then all of these powers will turn against my Saha Sect!?"
Yue Zun fell silent.
If Ye Xuan lost, then Li Shanshui would definitely utilize this opportunity to annihilate the Saha Sect!
Yue Xi was just about to speak when the teleportation formation in the distance suddenly started trembling.
Both of them gazed at the teleportation formation.
The gazes of everyone here descended onto the teleportation formation, and it didn't take long for three people to walk out from it!
Two women and a man.
It was Ye Xuan's group of three!
When Ye Xuan walked out from the teleportation formation, he was instantly stunned. Isn't there a little too many people here?
Moreover, there are actually so many experts here!
The Xiao Clan's Patriarch suddenly walked over to Ye Xuan's group of three, and he gazed at Ye Xuan, "You're Ye Xuan!"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Xiao Jing smiled, "Young Master Ye, we underestimated you!
I never expected that such an enormous power would actually stand behind you! "
As he spoke, he glanced at the white robed woman and Situ Tingyun, "However, aren't you looking down on the experts of my Saha World a little too much by only bringing two people with you?"
Meanwhile, the white robed woman suddenly shook her head, "You talk too much!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she suddenly vanished on the spot.
Xiao Jing's pupils constricted, and then he suddenly smashed his fist forward.
Bang!
The spectators hadn't even been able to see it clearly when a figure was blasted flying. It was Li Shanshui!
Li Shanshui frantically retreated. In the process of retreating, his physical body cracked inch by inch and his soul gradually dissipated. When he finally stopped, his physical body had already disappeared and his soul was almost transparent!
Everyone in the surroundings was petrified when they witnessed this scene.
The Patriarch of the Xiao Clan is gone just like that?
At this moment, Li Shanshui's countenance was pale while his eyes were filled with disbelief!
He hadn't imagined that the Patriarch of the Xiao Clan would be instantly annihilated with a single punch!
At this moment, all the experts of the Saha Sect were terrified!
This wasn't victory, it was instant annihilation!
He'd instantly annihilated a peak Unity Realm expert with a single punch!
On the other side, Yue Xi's expression instantly became solemn as well!
At this moment, she finally understood why her Junior Sister was so afraid of the Fifth Dimension!
This woman was too strong!
The white robed woman gazed at Li Shanshui from afar. Li Shanshui's expression changed, and he said ferociously, "Everyone, attack together!"
As soon as he finished speaking, the experts of the Black Illusion Sect charged forward.
The experts of the other sects were about to attack as well. Right at this moment, the white robed woman smashed her fist forward.
Bang!
All the experts of the Black Illusion Sect that were charging towards her were instantly annihilated by a single punch!
Over 100 Dao Attainment Realm experts and over a dozen Unity Realm experts had been instantly annihilated with a single punch!
At this moment, the surroundings were so silent that a falling needle could be heard!
So many experts had been instantly annihilated just like that!
Everyone looked at the white robed woman as if they were looking at a monster.
On the other side, Yue Xi's expression was extremely solemn as well. She stared fixedly at the white robed woman, and the shock in her heart couldn't be any greater!
What sort of godly strength is this?
In the distance, the white robed woman gazed at Li Shanshui. Li Shanshui gulped and spoke with a trembling voice, "Senior … this is a misunderstanding!"
Everyone was speechless.
The white robed woman was expressionless. "What misunderstanding?"
Li Shanshui's lips moved, but he didn't know what to say.
At this moment, the Dao Returning Academy's Dean, Yun Min, suddenly walked in front of the white robed woman and bowed respectfully. "Senior, we are here today to welcome Young Master Ye and you."
Everyone was speechless.
Yun Min bowed again and said, "Senior, if we have offended you before, please …"
The white robed woman suddenly opened her palm, and the Dao Scripture on Ye Xuan's body flew into her hand. She looked at Li Shanshui and the others. "This is the Dao Scripture that my brother obtained. Don't you want his Dao Scripture?
It's here now. Come and get it! "
Yun Min said with a trembling voice, "No … I wouldn't dare!"
The white robed woman's mouth curled into a disdainful smile. "Wouldn't dare?
You forced my brother to almost self-destruct!
Still wouldn't dare? "
As soon as she finished speaking, she blasted out a punch!
Bang!
Yun Min's entire body was annihilated by this punch!
He didn't even have a chance to fight back!
The expressions of everyone here changed drastically when they witnessed this scene, and they immediately fled. Meanwhile, the white robed woman suddenly spoke fiercely, "Did I say that all of you could leave?"
As she spoke, she smashed her fist forward, and an expert that was over 1km away was instantly obliterated by this punch!
Everyone had stopped what they were doing!
They didn't dare to move!
The white robed woman glanced coldly at them. "Do you want to live?"
Everyone was stunned, and then they hurriedly nodded.
The white robed woman gazed at Li Shanshui. "What about you?"
Li Shanshui spoke with a trembling voice. "I do …"
Don't beg for mercy?
No!
It isn't shameful to beg for mercy when facing such an expert!
The white robed woman's face was expressionless. She glanced at Ye Xuan and said, "This is my brother!"
Everyone looked at Ye Xuan.
The white robed woman continued, "He's from the Ninth Dimension!
He's the master of the Ninth Dimension, and he's reincarnated here to play! "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Everyone glanced at each other.
The Ninth Dimension?
Does the Ninth Dimension really exist?
The white robed woman continued, "If you want to live, it's very simple. Follow my brother!
In the future, he'll take you to the Ninth Dimension to play! "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Everyone was speechless.
Li Shanshui's expression was somewhat strange. Why does it seem like this senior is tricking us?
The white robed woman frowned slightly. "What, you don't believe me?"
Hearing this, Li Shanshui hurriedly said, "I believe, of course I believe!"
Everyone else nodded hurriedly.
The white robed woman's face was expressionless. "Is it a grievance to follow my brother?"
Li Shanshui hurriedly shook his head. "No!
It's not grievance!
It's our honor to follow Young Master Ye. "
The white robed woman was silent, and no one knew what she was thinking.
Afraid that the white robed woman would go back on her words, Li Shanshui hurriedly came before Ye Xuan and bowed respectfully to Ye Xuan. "Young Master Ye, from now on, we are your people!"
Ye Xuan ignored Li Shanshui. He walked to the white robed woman's side and said softly, "Qing 'er …"
The white robed woman slowly closed her eyes. "Brother, I'm leaving!"
Ye Xuan frowned slightly. "Leaving?"
The white robed woman nodded. She opened her palm, and a blood-red thread suddenly appeared on her hand.
Ye Xuan was stunned. "This is?"
The white robed woman looked at Ye Xuan. "The cause of calamity!"
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "What do you mean?"
The white robed woman raised her head and looked into the depths of the starry sky. There was a trace of confusion in her eyes. "I underestimated this cause of calamity!"
Ye Xuan was silent.
At this moment, he thought of Nian Nian!
Was Nian Nian's death really related to the Dao Ancestor?
With Nian Nian's strength, even if it was less than 20%, it should be enough to kill the Dao Ancestor!
Moreover, Nian Nian lost her memory!
This was very unusual!
At this moment, a powerful aura suddenly appeared in the distant sky.
Everyone in the surroundings looked up into the sky!
Li Shanshui gazed at Gu Wuchao with slight astonishment, "What're you doing?"
Gu Wuchao laughed fiercely, "She wants us to follow Ye Xuan?
She's probably overthinking things! "
As he spoke, he bowed deeply towards the sky. "Greetings, Ancestor!"
As soon as he finished speaking, a figure gradually condensed in the sky, and it wasn't long before a white haired old man appeared within their fields of vision.
The Profound Sect's Ancestor!
The white haired old man glanced at the surroundings, and then he gazed at Gu Wuchao in the end. "Has my Profound Sect encountered a threat of life and death?"
Gu Wuchao nodded and spoke respectfully, "Yes!"
As he spoke, he pointed at the white robed woman in the distance. "Ancestor, it's her who intends to destroy my Profound Sect!"
The white haired old man gazed at the white robed woman. The white robed woman's expression was calm.
The white robed old man seemed to have noticed something, and his pupils constricted. He turned around to look at Gu Wuchao and roared furiously, "You idiot! How could you screw over your ancestors like this?
I'll fuck your ancestors! "
Everyone in the surroundings was speechless.
....
PS: Do you have tickets?








Chapter 1437
Gu Wuchao was quite stunned.
What's going on?
The white haired old man cupped his fists to the white robed woman and said respectfully, "May I know your name, Senior?"
Senior?
Everyone here was petrified when they heard the white haired old man!
The ancestor of the Dark Secrets Sect actually addressed the white robed woman as Senior?
At this moment, Li Shanshui was covered in cold sweat!
Because he'd actually wanted to summon his ancestor as well!
That was the final trump card of the Dark Secrets Sect!
However, he'd hesitated because he wasn't sure if his ancestor could resist the white robed woman!
But he hadn't expected that Gu Wuchao would summon his ancestor!
Fortunately, Gu Wuchao had summoned his ancestor!
Otherwise, he would be finished!
The white robed woman gazed at the white haired old man, "Are you not going to lend a hand?"
The white haired old man hurriedly shook his head, "Of course not! Of course not!"
The white robed woman's face was emotionless as she gazed at Gu Wuchao. The latter's expression changed, and he hurriedly bowed respectfully, "We're willing to follow Young Master Ye to the death!"
The white robed woman paid no attention to Gu Wuchao, and she gazed at Ye Xuan, "Come with me!"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Alright!"
The white robed woman turned around and left.
Ye Xuan followed her.
Situ Tingyun glanced at the others here, and they were looking at her as well.
Situ Tingyun blinked, "Does anyone want to spar with me?"
All of them were speechless.
...
At the other side.
Ye Xuan and the white robed woman were strolling through the clouds.
The white robed woman said, "I have to go!"
Ye Xuan spoke in a low voice, "Qing 'er, do you know much about the Cause of Calamity?"
The white robed woman shook her head, "Not much!"
She paused for a moment and continued, "I've been constantly investigating the Cause of Calamity throughout the years, and I've made some progress. I'll get to the bottom of it once I leave!"
Ye Xuan spoke in a low voice, "Why can't I sense the Cause of Calamity within me?"
The white robed woman gazed at Ye Xuan, "Because you're not strong enough!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The white-robed woman said softly, "The cause of the calamity is mainly this cause. Everything in the world has a cause and an effect. We don't know how this cause was formed."
As she spoke, she looked up at the starry sky and said softly, "People living in this world are like chess pieces on a chessboard!
Of course, the chess player might also be a chess piece … Fate is like an invisible hand that controls everything in the world! "
Ye Xuan smiled bitterly. "Am I that chess piece?"
The white-robed woman looked at Ye Xuan. She grabbed Ye Xuan's hand and said softly, "This universe is boundless, and there are too many unknowns.
Look at this starry sky. There are countless galaxies and planets. These galaxies and planets are all moving confidently according to some kind of law … How could all of this be a coincidence?
If it wasn't a coincidence, then who created all of this?
Both you and I could be pawns.
Even the three of them didn't dare to say that they were invincible in the universe.
”
Ye Xuan fell silent.
The white-robed woman continued, "I'm going to leave this place and investigate the cause of your calamity. You have to take care of yourself from now on, understand?"
Ye Xuan looked at the white-robed woman. "Will there be any danger?"
The white-robed woman shook her head. "I don't know!"
Ye Xuan was just about to say something when the white-robed woman said with a smile, "I can protect myself!"
She gently hugged Ye Xuan as she spoke.
Ye Xuan's body stiffened.
Ye Xuan didn't notice that two streams of clear liquid had appeared on the white-robed woman's cheeks.
After a long while, the white-robed woman released Ye Xuan. She pulled out a storage ring and placed it in Ye Xuan's hand with a faint smile. "There's still time!"
She pointed a finger toward the sky as she spoke.
Chi!
The space in the sky suddenly cracked open. Immediately afterward, she transformed into a streak of white light and disappeared into the cracked space.
Gone!
Down below, Ye Xuan's gaze was slightly blank.
The white-robed woman stopped somewhere in the starry sky. She looked at her palm, and there were already two bloody marks on it.
The white-robed woman's expression was cold, and no one knew what she was thinking.
Moments later, she suddenly turned and looked down. After a long moment of silence, she transformed into a streak of white light and disappeared into the starry sky.
...
The Whirling World.
Ye Xuan returned to the teleportation portal. Situ Tingyun looked at Ye Xuan. "She left?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Situ Tingyun smiled. "Then I'm leaving as well!"
Ye Xuan looked at Situ Tingyun. "Senior Sister, where are you going?"
Situ Tingyun laughed. "I'm going to find a place that makes me feel threatened!"
Ye Xuan: "…"
Situ Tingyun walked over to Ye Xuan and patted Ye Xuan on the shoulder. "Little Junior Brother, we'll meet again!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she was about to leave. However, she seemed to have thought of something, and she suddenly gazed at the ancestor of the School of Secrets in the sky. The latter's expression changed. "Sir?"
Situ Tingyun smiled, "Don't be nervous. I don't kill people indiscriminately!"
The old man was speechless.
Situ Tingyun continued, "I want to show my ability before I leave, and you're the strongest here. So, make your move!"
The white haired old man hesitated for a moment before he said, "I can't defeat you!"
Situ Tingyun rolled her eyes. "I didn't say that you can defeat me. I just asked you to make your move, and then I'll show my ability."
The white haired old man was speechless.
Situ Tingyun continued, "Make your move quickly!
I'm busy!
Right, remember to use your full strength! "
The white haired old man glanced at Situ Tingyun. "Then I'll have to offend you!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he suddenly opened his palm. In the next moment, he suddenly slapped it towards Situ Tingyun.
Bang!
A palm swept down from the sky. As soon as it appeared, the expressions of countless experts in the surroundings changed drastically, and they retreated explosively. Because the energy contained within that palm was truly too terrifying!
At this moment, Ye Xuan's expression had become solemn as well!
That palm had definitely surpassed the Perfect Union Realm.
The white haired old man stared fixedly at Situ Tingyun.
Actually, he wanted to witness her strength as well.
At this moment, everyone in the surroundings was looking at Situ Tingyun as well.
The corners of Situ Tingyun's mouth curled up slightly. Her left thumb twitched slightly, and then a sword suddenly flew out from within its sheath. In the next moment, a ray of light flashed from below, and then a sword was pressed against the white haired old man's throat.
On the other hand, the white haired old man's attack had vanished without a trace!
Everyone in the surroundings was stunned when they witnessed this scene.
Gu Wuchao's legs even felt slightly weak.
At this moment, he finally understood why his ancestor had been so terrified!
It was too fucking terrifying!
The white haired old man gazed at Situ Tingyun with a complicated expression, "Senior's Sword Dao is unparalleled throughout the ages!"
Situ Tingyun roared with laughter, and then she gazed at Ye Xuan and smiled, "That attack from before is called Instant Death. Every strike of my sword kills an enemy within a 3km radius. I've once utilized this sword technique to kill a person who's two realms of cultivation above him. Now, I'll pass it down to you!"
When she spoke up to this point, she seemed to have thought of something, and she roared with laughter, "All those years ago, he passed down Sword Intent to me and allowed me to step into the Sword Dao. Today, I'll pass down my sword technique to you …. Interesting!
Hahaha! "
As she spoke, she tapped with her finger, and a ray of light shot into the center of Ye Xuan's forehead.
Ye Xuan's figure trembled, and it didn't take long for countless pieces of information to surge into his mind.
Situ Tingyun gazed at Ye Xuan and smiled, "Little Junior Brother, we'll meet again in the future. I hope we'll be able to discuss the Dao with the sword when we do!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she transformed into a ray of light that vanished into the horizon.
She's gone!
The experts from the Whirling World instantly heaved sighs of relief when they saw Situ Tingyun leave as well.
Meanwhile, two women suddenly arrived in front of Ye Xuan, and it was Yue Xi and Yue Zun.
Yue Xi grinned, "Young Master Ye!"
Ye Xuan gazed at Yue Xi, "You're the Sect Master of the Whirling Sect?"
Yue Xi smiled, "I am!"
As she spoke, she opened her palm, and a scripture appeared there. She passed it to Ye Xuan, "Young Master Ye, this is the last scripture. Fate brought us together today, so I'll give it to Young Master Ye!"
Fate!
Li Shanshui and the others had extremely strange expressions on their faces!
Dammit!
She really knows how to talk!
Needless to say, the Whirling Sect had really become the biggest winner!
Because the Whirling Sect hadn't suffered any losses this time.
Actually, they'd come to an understanding now. The reason the Whirling Sect hadn't joined forces with them was definitely because they knew how formidable the person standing behind Ye Xuan was, so they refused to cooperate with them!
But this woman just refused to tell them!
She'd caused them to be practically annihilated!
She was too treacherous!
Ye Xuan glanced at Yue Xi. He didn't refuse, and he took the scripture and said, "Sect Master Yue, I've gathered all nine scriptures, and I'm willing to share them with the Whirling Sect!"
Yue Xi blinked, "Really?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Of course!"
Yue Xi grinned, "Thank you, Young Master Ye!"
Actually, she was really happy. Because even if Ye Xuan didn't share them with the Whirling Sect, she wouldn't dare say anything!
She didn't know if Ye Xuan was really the master of the Ninth Dimension, but she knew that he was absolutely not an ordinary person!
After Ye Xuan put the scripture away, he glanced at everyone here, "Everyone, return to your respective residences!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he turned around and left.
Meanwhile, Li Shanshui hurriedly said, "Young Master Ye, we're all following you now. You …."
Ye Xuan thought for a moment, and then he said, "I'll look for all of you if I need anything!"
Li Shanshui hesitated for a moment, and then he said, "Young Master Ye, I'll follow by your side!"
All the experts of the Blackhat Sect had been killed!
So it was utterly meaningless for him to stay in the Whirling World.
Ye Xuan was about to speak when Li Shanshui added, "Young Master Ye, my Blackhat Sect has been around for over 100,000 years, and we still have some finances. If Young Master Ye doesn't mind, then I'll give them to Young Master Ye!"
Ye Xuan glanced at Li Shanshui, and the latter hurriedly said, "I don't have any ill intentions. I just want to follow Young Master Ye."
Now, Ye Xuan was his only way out!
Ye Xuan thought for a moment, and then he nodded. "Alright!"
Li Shanshui hurriedly said, "Young Master Ye, please wait a moment. I'll go back and pack up!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he turned around and left.
Ye Xuan glanced at the experts of the Dao Returning Institute and the Xiao Clan in the distance. They didn't make a stand.
He didn't force them!
Obviously, they wanted to stay in the Whirling World, and they didn't really want to follow Ye Xuan. After all, no one liked to be the subordinate of another. Moreover, the white robed woman and the Swordsman had left!
Right at this moment, the ancestor of the Profound Secrets Sect suddenly looked at Gu Wuchao and said angrily, "What are you still looking at?
Hurry up and pay your respects to Young Master Ye!
Are you trying to make me crawl out of my coffin from anger? "
Gu Wuchao was speechless.
..








Chapter 1438
When he heard the white haired old man, Gu Wuchao hurriedly walked over to Ye Xuan and bowed respectfully to Ye Xuan, "From today onward, my Profound Secrets Sect swears to follow Young Master Ye to the death!"
Ye Xuan gazed at the white haired old man. The white haired old man grinned, "Young Brother, it's their honor to follow you."
He hesitated for a moment as he spoke, and then he said, "I hope you'll treat them well as well!"
Actually, even though everyone here was aware that the white robed woman and the Swordsman were terrifying, they didn't know exactly how terrifying they were.
However, the white haired old man knew!
Because he was an expert above the Oneness Realm!
However, not to mention that he was only a strand of his soul, even his main body wouldn't be a match for a single attack from that woman.
In other words, the strength of those two women had exceeded the scope of his understanding.
If the Profound Secrets Sect followed Ye Xuan, then it would definitely be able to attain glory once more.
In the Profound Secrets Sect's opinion, it wasn't submission, it was an opportunity!
An enormous opportunity!
On many occasions, the accomplishments a person could attain in the future depended on who that person followed.
The Profound Secrets Sect had arrived at a certain height, and it was very difficult for it to improve further.
Unless an extraordinarily monstrous genius appeared within the sect. However, that was even more difficult!
Because it had been many years since an expert above the Oneness Realm had appeared in the Whirling World!
Now, an opportunity had been placed before the Profound Secrets Sect, and it was to follow Ye Xuan and rely on Ye Xuan to bring the Profound Secrets Sect to a new height!
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment when he heard the white haired old man, and then he nodded, "Alright!"
He didn't refuse them!
The reason Qing 'er hadn't killed them was because she wanted to leave and leave some help for him!
But now, he really did need help!
He wanted to reorganize the Fifth Dimension and the Daoting!
He wanted to truly rebuild order!
And he needed people to accomplish all of that!
After they heard the Profound Secrets Sect's Ancestor speak, the other powers expressed their submission as well.
They suddenly understood something, and it was that Ye Xuan was a backer!
This thigh was right here, so why not cling to it?
Now that the Profound Secrets Sect had Ye Xuan as their backer, if they didn't submit, what would they do if the Profound Secrets Sect came looking for trouble with them in the future?
Most importantly, there was still the Whirling Sect in the Whirling World. This time, the Whirling Sect didn't suffer any losses!
It could be said that the Whirling Sect was currently the strongest sect. If they didn't cozy up to Ye Xuan, it was very likely that they would be devoured by the Whirling Sect!
So, after weighing the pros and cons, basically all the powers present expressed their willingness to submit to Ye Xuan.
And Ye Xuan did not refuse.
Meanwhile, Li Shanshui appeared here, and he walked over to Ye Xuan and smiled, "Young Master Ye, let's go!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Alright!"
As he spoke, he glanced at the others. "All of you stay here and wait for my orders!"
Everyone hurriedly nodded.
Ye Xuan turned around and left with Li Shanshui.
After the two of them left, the others glanced at each other, and their eyes were filled with bitterness.
This time, all of them were almost finished.
On the other side, the Whirling Sect's Master, Yue Xi, remained silent, and no one knew what he was thinking.
Exalt Yue smiled, "Senior Sister, are you slightly disappointed?"
Yue Xi smiled, "What are you disappointed about?"
Exalt Yue gazed at the experts in the distance, "Senior Sister, you're disappointed that those two didn't kill all of them!
If those two seniors killed all of them, then the Whirling World would belong to my Whirling Sect!
But now, all of them have sided with Ye Xuan, so we can't attack or curse them. We seem to be quite passive instead, right? "
Exalt Yue smiled, "Indeed!"
Yue Xi spoke softly, "Senior Sister.
Regardless of whether we admit it or not, that Young Master Ye isn't someone we can afford to offend now!
Even if he wants our Whirling Sect to submit, we have no other choice! "
Yue Xi fell silent.
Exalt Yue continued, "Fortunately, that Young Master Ye doesn't seem to be very interested in the Whirling World!"
Yue Xi suddenly raised his head and looked towards the horizon, and he spoke softly, "I'm curious now. I'm curious about exactly what level of cultivation those two women have attained, and where they've gone …."
A short while later, everyone here left.
Once all of them left, a slovenly old man appeared here.
This slovenly old man was called over by the white cloud Swordsman, and everything had come to an end when he arrived here!
The slovenly old man fell silent for a long time before he spoke softly, "That Young Master Ye isn't simple at all …."
Meanwhile, a figure suddenly appeared by the slovenly old man's side.
It was the Ancestor of the Dark Abyss, Dao Brother's 2nd Brother!
Dao Brother's 2nd Brother gazed towards the direction Ye Xuan had left towards, "Senior Brother, long time no see!"
The slovenly old man's face remained emotionless, "Your Dark Abyss is gone!"
Dao Brother's 2nd Brother smiled, "If it's gone, then it's gone!
What's the big deal? "
The slovenly old man gazed at Dao Brother's 2nd Brother, "You won't give up, right?"
Dao Brother's 2nd Brother roared with laughter, "Do you think I should give up?"
The slovenly old man shook his head, "Junior Brother, why?
You, An Yuan, were in the wrong in this matter! "
Dao Brother's 2nd Brother roared with laughter, "I don't care if I'm in the wrong or not. All I know is that kindness must be repaid, and enmity must be repaid!"
The slovenly old man spoke softly, "If you choose to take revenge, then you'll be doomed eternally!"
Dao Brother's 2nd Brother gazed at the slovenly old man, "Senior Brother, do you know his true identity?"
The slovenly old man shook his head, "I don't!"
Dao Brother's 2nd Brother gazed at the slovenly old man and smiled, "Senior Brother, you didn't come back for this person, right?"
The slovenly old man glanced at Dao Brother's 2nd Brother, "Junior Brother, out of respect for Master, I'll say one more thing. Give up on taking revenge. If you insist on taking revenge, then you'll really be doomed eternally."
He turned around and left once he finished speaking.
Dao Brother's 2nd Brother smiled, "Senior Brother, aren't you underestimating me?"
The slovenly old man sighed, "We're used to being invincible in Master's era!
However, we don't know that there's always someone better out there! "
Dao Brother's 2nd Brother chuckled, "How interesting. Two women scared you, Senior Brother!
Senior Brother, you're becoming less and less courageous as you live! "
The slovenly old man turned around and glanced at Dao Brother's 2nd Brother, "Master once said, 'Don't argue with a retard, because it will lower your IQ'. I think Master's words are very reasonable!"
Dao Brother's 2nd Brother looked at the slovenly old man, "Senior Brother, don't forget that the Dao Scripture belongs to our Dao Sect. Now, it's in the hands of outsiders. Why, don't you have any thoughts about it?"
The slovenly old man was silent.
Dao Brother's 2nd Brother smiled, "You don't have any thoughts, but I do. I believe that Third Junior Sister and Junior Brother will not allow the Dao Scripture to fall into the hands of outsiders!"
He turned around and left after he finished speaking.
The slovenly old man sighed softly …
...
Ye Xuan brought Li Shanshui back to the Fifth Dimension.
Inside the main hall.
Guan Yin and the others were there, as were the experts of the Daoting!
It was worth mentioning that Bai Dizi was also there!
And now, the affairs of the entire Fifth Dimension were not only handled by Guan Yin alone, but also by Bai Dizi!
Bai Dizi's management skills were really terrifying, not something that Guan Yin could compare to!
It should be known that Ye Xuan's side was not only in the Fifth Dimension, but also in the Sixth Dimension, the Dao World, the Daoting, the Underworld … There were so many places and so many forces. It could be said that Guan Yin's ability was already somewhat insufficient!
But after Bai Dizi's arrival, she suddenly felt a lot more relaxed!
As for fighting for power, whether it was her or Bai Dizi, they did not have that level of power. Ordinary power was simply meaningless to them.
Now, Guan Yin was slowly delegating power because she also began to pay attention to personal cultivation!
Over the years, because she had to deal with complicated matters, her cultivation had fallen behind.
Ye Xuan looked at everyone. "Now, our crisis has been temporarily resolved, but we still have a lot of things to do!"
At this time, Bai Dizi walked out. He bowed slightly to Ye Xuan and said, "I have something to report!"
Ye Xuan looked at Bai Dizi. "Speak!"
Bai Dizi nodded. "We have three things to do now. The first is to formulate a set of laws that everyone will abide by. This set of laws will be the standard by which we will manage this world in the future. Those who violate the laws, no matter who they are, will be severely punished. I have already drafted this set of laws, and I will show it to you later!"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "Not only for me to see, but also for everyone in the hall!
Moreover, it has to be shown to the world! "
Bai Dizi looked at Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan said, "This set of laws will be the foundation by which we will manage this world in the future. So, this set of laws can't be formulated by a single person or a few people. Everyone should participate in it."
When they heard this, everyone hurriedly nodded to express their agreement!
Bai Dizi glanced at Ye Xuan and nodded. "That's for the best!
As for the second matter, even though the external crisis has been resolved, there might be an internal crisis soon!
Alliance Leader Ye, all the powers are envious of the mineral veins that you obtained earlier. Besides that, there are also some places in our universe with abundant spirit energy that everyone is envious of. Now, the thoughts of many people have started to drift away. So, we have to be extremely careful in how we distribute the benefits. "
Ye Xuan glanced at Bai Dizi. This Bai Dizi has really thought things through. Actually, many powers have started to fall into chaos from within before collapsing.
The current Fifth Dimension must also pay attention to this point!
Bai Dizi continued, "As for the third matter, that is development!
Vigorously develop!
For now, we have resolved the crisis. However, because of Alliance Leader Ye, this crisis might not exist for the time being!
In the future, there might be an even bigger crisis! "
Ye Xuan's face was filled with black lines.
The White Emperor's son continued, "In short, we need to be strong enough to protect ourselves!
In addition, we must train as many outstanding people as possible. "
After a moment of silence, Ye Xuan said, "Everyone retreat. Bai Dizi, you stay behind!"
Everyone looked at each other and retreated.
Inside the hall, only Ye Xuan and Bai Dizi were left.
Ye Xuan looked at Bai Dizi. "Do you think that now is the right time to rebuild order?"
Bai Dizi shook his head. "Not suitable?"
Ye Xuan was somewhat puzzled. "Why?"
Bai Dizi softly said, "Because we have more problems to deal with. For example, the internal balance of power, how to divide the benefits … If these problems are not dealt with properly, it will be a hidden bomb. If you are not here one day, this bomb will explode and the entire Fifth Dimension will instantly collapse."
As he said this, he looked at Ye Xuan. "Right now, we can only take one step at a time!
You must not be too hasty.
Moreover, I feel that the problem you should be thinking about right now is not the Fifth Dimension and order, but the problem of your strength and the reason for your disaster!
Moreover, the Dark Abyss has been destroyed, but is the ancestor Dark Abyss still alive? Will he take revenge?
Moreover, you now have the complete version of the Dao Scripture. This temptation is too great. Will some hidden forces come to snatch it?
They might not dare to openly, but what about in the dark?
Moreover, those two seniors have already left. If you are in danger, can you immediately let them come to the Fifth Dimension?
The most important thing is that they are very strong, but this does not mean that you are strong. Do you understand? "
Ye Xuan was silent.
.....
PS: Yesterday, when I went to the real estate market, I suddenly discovered that I am a bit poor …
fpzw








Chapter 1439
In the hall, Bai Dizi glanced at Ye Xuan with a complicated expression. "Alliance Leader Ye, don't think that our crisis has been resolved. In fact, according to my understanding and investigation of you, this matter is definitely not over!"
Ye Xuan said softly, "The cause of calamity?"
Bai Dizi nodded.
Ye Xuan was silent.
Bai Dizi continued, "For now, your top priority is to improve your strength. It would be best if you could attain Dao or even Unification."
Ye Xuan nodded. "I understand!"
Bai Dizi continued, "Do you still have the Dao Cause and God's Seal that the ancestor gave you?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Of course!"
Bai Dizi said in a deep voice, "I will make arrangements. Now, you are the spiritual belief of our entire Five-Dimensional Universe. This belief must be materialized. I will get people to build statues of you all over the world so that people will believe in you. Then, you will be able to obtain the Power of Faith continuously!"
Ye Xuan frowned. "Brainwashing?"
Bai Dizi shook his head. "It's not brainwashing. The entire universe treats you as their spiritual belief. You are the one who gave the Five-Dimensional Universe everything!
They are willing to believe in you. However, I want to materialize this Power of Faith for you to use. "
Ye Xuan thought about it and nodded. "Alright!"
Bai Dizi continued, "There is one more thing. I have already recalled many of the former Dao Guardians. They also need the Power of Faith. Of course, if they want the Power of Faith, they will have to fight for it themselves. Of course, I will take care of it and not let them act recklessly for the sake of fighting for the Power of Faith.
In addition, I will reintegrate the Five-Dimensional Universe, the Dao World, the Six-Dimensional Universe, and the Daoting. I will try my best to integrate everyone into one. There will be no division between the Five-Dimensional and the Six-Dimensional Universe. "
Ye Xuan nodded. "This is very necessary!"
Bai Dizi nodded. "What I'm most afraid of is them forming small groups. If that happens, it will be very troublesome to manage them."
Ye Xuan looked at Bai Dizi. "I'll leave these matters to you!"
Bai Dizi nodded. "I will take care of the matters of the Five-Dimensional Universe. As for you, you must increase your strength as soon as possible. Also, if possible, help Miss Nian Nian recover her memories. If she does, our universe will be safer!"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "I can't do anything about that!"
Bai Dizi said in a low voice, "Did Miss Nian deliberately lose her memory?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "It's highly possible!"
Bai Dizi frowned. "Why would she deliberately choose to lose her memory?
Is it because of the Disaster Seed on you? "
Ye Xuan whispered, "Maybe it's because of this!"
Why didn't the white-robed Qing'er stay?
Because of the Cause of Calamity!
The Cause of Calamity had already affected her, so she chose to leave immediately!
In other words, the stronger the person by her side, especially the kind of person who could change the trajectory of her fate, the more likely she would be targeted by the Cause of Calamity!
And now, Nian Nian was not targeted by the Cause of Calamity!
Because she did not have the strength!
Was that the reason?
Ye Xuan did not know!
But he knew that Nian Nian definitely had her reasons for doing this!
Bai Dizi sighed softly. Her expression was complicated. "Then let's not talk about Miss Nian Nian!
Let's talk about you!
You should have gathered all nine Dao Scriptures by now, right? "
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes!"
Bai Dizi looked at Ye Xuan. "Many people are paying attention to you!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "You want me to share them?"
Bai Dizi nodded.
Ye Xuan smiled. "Then do you think I should share them?"
Bai Dizi looked at Ye Xuan. "It depends on whether you want to or not!
If you don't want to, no one can force you! "
Ye Xuan said softly. "I promised them that I would share them!"
Bai Dizi said in a deep voice. "Even if you want to share them, you can't just casually share them. Some people's cultivation is not enough to comprehend this Dao Scripture. Do you understand what I mean?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Bai Dizi said. "You deal with these things yourself!"
With that, he left.
Inside the hall. Ye Xuan sat cross-legged on the ground. He opened his palm. The nine Dao Scriptures appeared in front of him.
At this moment, Ye Zhiming appeared beside him.
Ye Xuan looked at Ye Zhiming. "I never thought that I would really gather all nine Dao Scriptures!
I just don't know if it's a blessing or a curse! "
Ye Zhiming said. "If it's a blessing, it's not a curse. If it's a curse, it can't be avoided!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "That's true!"
With that, he looked at the last three Dao Scriptures!
Two of the scrolls were obtained from An Yuan. These two scrolls were: Dao and Law.
Ye Xuan frowned. "Dao?
Law? "
Ye Zhiming opened the Dao Scripture. After looking at it for a moment, she looked at Ye Xuan. "This Dao Scripture can allow one to reach Dao Imperial and Dao Attainment. It describes these two realms, which is suitable for you now.
As for Law … "
Ye Xuan asked. "Return to one?"
Ye Zhiming nodded. "Yes!"
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice. "The Dao Ancestor and the rest have not reached Return to one!"
Ye Zhiming looked at Ye Xuan. "What about Zhao Zhiqing's generation?"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan understood.
Although the Dao Ancestor has not reached Return to one, Zhao Zhiqing has definitely reached Return to one.
Obviously, it's not because of the Dao Scripture, but because of the Dao Ancestor's generation!
Ye Zhiming said in a deep voice. "This Dao Scripture is too profound. I can't understand it!"
Ye Xuan was a little surprised. "Even you can't understand it?"
Ye Zhiming nodded. "My realm is not high enough to understand it!
For example, this sentence: Humans follow Earth, Earth follows Heaven, Heaven follows Dao, Dao follows nature … It's easy to understand from the words, but what is the true meaning of this sentence? "
Ye Xuan was silent.
Ye Zhiming said in a deep voice. "This Dao Scripture has tens of thousands of words, and there are hundreds of Dao Scriptures.
In this world, there is not only Dao, but also Law … "
Saying this, she looked at Ye Xuan. "This senior who created the Dao Scripture is really an amazing person."
Ye Xuan nodded.
In this world, there are two kinds of experts, those within the Dao Scripture and those outside.
It could be said that the senior who created this scripture was absolutely terrifying. This was because he had created a complete cultivation system, and this cultivation system was the origin of all martial arts that were currently known to exist.
Ye Zhiming said in a deep voice, "We can study this Dao Scripture. If we can understand the Dao Scripture, it will definitely benefit you greatly in terms of cultivation.
As for the Dao Scripture, Martial Arts, and Heart Sutras, I can't understand them at the moment. "
Ye Xuan nodded. "Take your time!"
As if thinking of something, he looked at the last Dao Scripture. There were no words on it.
Wordless Dao Scripture?
Ye Zhiming opened the Dao Scripture, and when she opened it, she was instantly stunned.
Because there was nothing inside!
It was empty. Wordless Dao Scripture!
Ye Xuan and Ye Zhiming exchanged glances. Their eyes were filled with confusion.
Ye Xuan frowned slightly. "Could it be that the Whirling Sect gave us a fake one?"
Ye Zhiming shook her head. "I don't think so!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "I don't think it's possible either!"
Ye Zhiming suddenly said, "It seems like Miss Xuan Chu hasn't returned to the Whirling Sect yet. Why don't we invite her over?"
Ye Xuan put the Dao Scripture away and disappeared from the hall with Ye Zhiming.
A while later, Ye Xuan found Xuan Chu, who was eating noodles in a small noodle shop in the city!
Xuan Chu was stunned when she saw Ye Xuan. She put down her chopsticks and looked at Ye Xuan. "What's up?"
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Miss Xuan Chu, I have something to ask!"
Xuan Chu nodded. "Speak!"
Ye Xuan took out the last Dao Scripture and placed it in front of Xuan Chu.
Xuan Chu glanced at Ye Xuan. "Did the Sect Master give it to you?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Xuan Chu fell silent.
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "I've collected all nine Dao Scriptures. I promised the Whirling Sect's Sect Master that I'm willing to share them with your sect!"
Xuan Chu nodded. She opened the Dao Scripture. When she saw the Dao Scripture, she was slightly stunned.
Ye Xuan frowned. "What's the matter?"
Xuan Chu said with a deep voice, "I've never seen a Dao Scripture before because Master taught me verbally."
Ye Xuan fell silent.
At this moment, a voice came from behind Ye Xuan, "Alliance Master Ye, do you need help?"
Ye Xuan turned around and saw a woman standing not far from him.
It was Venerable Yue!
Venerable Yue smiled. "Young master Ye, are you wondering why there are no words in this Dao Scripture?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes."
Venerable Yue smiled. "Young master Ye, there are no words in this Dao Scripture!"
Ye Xuan frowned. "Why?"
Venerable Yue looked at the Dao Scripture and said softly, "Young master Ye, what is the Great Dao?
The true Great Dao? "
Ye Xuan fell silent.
Venerable Yue looked at Ye Xuan. "Dao is not only the Dao of the universe, but also the Dao of nature!
The 'Dao' is in the matter, and the matter is in the 'Dao'. All things lead to the same destination, and they all lead to the 'Dao'.
Everyone is pursuing Dao, but they don't know that Dao is right beside them. Dao is you, and you are Dao! "
Ye Xuan fell silent.
Venerable Yue smiled. "You don't understand, do you?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Venerable Yue smiled. "On the surface, it's easy to understand.
But it's not so easy to understand the concept!
Just like what people say, a mountain is not a mountain, a mountain is still a mountain, and a mountain is not a mountain … This is a concept of life. Those who haven't experienced it won't understand it no matter what you tell them. "
As she spoke, she looked at Ye Xuan and added, "Tao" was not just a tangible "substance," a thoughtful "spirit," or a rational "law." Instead, it was the invisible, ethereal, and spiritual root of the universe that created all of this.
"Matter", "spirit", and "law" were all derivatives of "Dao".
'Dao' is the Innate Qi, the Primordial Chaos. 'Dao' is the ancestor of nature, the origin of all things in the universe … Mister Ye, this last Dao scripture is broad and profound. Even my Whirling Sect has only comprehended a little bit of it, and this little bit is like a drop in the ocean for this Dao scripture. "
When she spoke up to here, she looked at the Daoist scripture with a complicated expression. "The ancestor of my Whirling Sect once said that the knowledge of this Daoist scripture is boundless. Even if he spent his entire life studying it, he wasn't able to study it completely. Not to mention studying it completely, he didn't even study a tenth of it!"
After a moment of silence, Ye Xuan asked, "Senior, where did the owner of this Dao Scripture go?"
Venerable Yue looked at Ye Xuan. "It's said that he died!"
Ye Xuan was stunned. "Died?"
Venerable Yue nodded.
Ye Xuan frowned. "How is that possible?"
Venerable Yue shook her head. "Nothing is impossible!"
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Did he die naturally or was he killed?"
Venerable Yue said softly, "I don't know!
However, it shouldn't be a natural death. This kind of expert can study Dao so thoroughly, so how could he die naturally?
But if he was killed … "
Saying that, she didn't continue.
.....








Chapter 1440
Killed?
Ye Xuan fell silent.
If the owner of this Dao Scripture was killed, then what does that mean?
Ye Xuan didn't dare to think about it.
At this moment, Venerable Yue suddenly smiled, "Don't think about that!
Young Master Ye, you already have nine Dao Scriptures, and all of them contain Dao Scriptures, martial arts, and mental cultivation techniques. Moreover, I can see that you've already learned the Dao Fist and Dao Body. Since that's the case, then you might as well learn the remaining three Dao Scriptures, martial arts, and mental cultivation techniques! "
Ye Xuan looked at Venerable Yue, "Senior, please guide me!"
Venerable Yue blinked, "Young Master Ye, if I guide you, then you'll have to let me read the Dao Scriptures!"
Ye Xuan smiled, "I've already said that I want to share the Dao Scriptures with your Whirling Sect. Venerable Yue wouldn't think that I'm joking, right?"
Venerable Yue laughed, "How could I?
Since that's the case, then I'll thank Young Master Ye on behalf of the Whirling Sect! "
Ye Xuan nodded, "Let's begin!"
Just as Bai Dizi said, his top priority now was to improve his strength.
This Dao Scripture was the best way for him to improve his strength.
As for the Dao Scriptures, his understanding wasn't as thorough as the Whirling Sect. If he had the Whirling Sect's help, then he would be able to comprehend these Dao Scriptures much faster!
At this moment, Venerable Yue smiled, "Young Master Ye, I didn't come alone this time. I've brought a few elders from my Whirling Sect. They've been studying the Dao Scriptures in my Whirling Sect all year round, and their understanding of the Dao Scriptures far surpasses ordinary people. With their help, Young Master Ye will be able to comprehend these Dao Scriptures better!"
As soon as she finished speaking, four old men suddenly appeared behind her.
The four of them bowed slightly to Ye Xuan, "Greetings, Young Master Ye!"
Ye Xuan smiled, "Then let's begin!"
Venerable Yue smiled, "Let's go somewhere else?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
In next to no time, everyone arrived at the Sword Hall that Ye Xuan resided in. Ye Xuan called Aro, An Lanxiu, A 'Jiu, and the others to the hall!
At times like this, they naturally had to be there!
This was because their study of the Dao Scriptures would be of great help to them!
Inside the hall, Ye Xuan took out all the Daoist scriptures!
The Nine Scrolls of Dao Scriptures!
Yue Zun had a complicated expression as he looked at the nine Dao Scriptures.
She did not expect Ye Xuan to have gathered all nine volumes of the Taoist Scripture!
Meanwhile, Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Let's start with the first volume!"
"The first volume?"
Yue Zun looked at Ye Xuan, "We're not going to start from the last three volumes?"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "I'll take the first volume!"
Yue Zun glanced at the women, and she understood!
Yue Zun looked at the four elders behind him, "We will start from the first scroll!
Be more specific! "
The four elders nodded.
Soon, the four elders began to explain the first volume of the Dao Scriptures, while Ye Xuan asked Guan Yin to record it down.
Ye Xuan was also listening attentively!
This was because the four elders were very detailed, and there were many points of knowledge that he and Guan Yin did not discover.
It was worth mentioning that Nian Nian was also at the side.
She was also listening.
No one noticed that when the four elders were explaining the Dao Scriptures, she would shake her head from time to time … as if saying that this was not right …
...
Ancient God Abyss.
At the moment when the Dark Abyss was destroyed, the happiest was naturally the Ancient God Abyss.
They had fought with the Dark Abyss for many years, and now, the Dark Abyss was finally destroyed!
In their Star Sector, the Ancient God Abyss could be said to be the strongest.
At the top of a pyramid, Su Zhe stood quietly. In front of him was a white-haired elder. This person was his Master, and also the current leader of the Ancient God Abyss!
The white-haired elder said softly, "I heard that Young Master Ye has gathered all nine Dao Scriptures?"
Su Zhe glanced at the white-haired elder and nodded.
The white-haired elder chuckled. "In the current Fifth Dimension, there must be many places that need manpower. How about this!
Let us personally go to the Fifth Dimension and see if Young Master Ye needs any help! "
Su Zhe had a strange expression.
Was he going to help?
He wanted to read the Dao Scriptures!
Of course, there was nothing wrong with that.
For the Dao Scriptures, especially those like his Master, the temptation was huge.
Soon, the two left the Ancient God Abyss and headed to the Fifth Dimension.
...
In the Dao Tomb.
Inside the hall, the Lord looked at Luo Hou and the others and smiled. "Don't you have anything to say?"
Luo Hou hesitated, then said, "I've been quite free recently. Why don't we find a place to walk and relax?"
Ah Ku nodded. "Indeed!
Why don't we choose the Fifth Dimension!
The scenery there is quite good! "
The Lord laughed. "Then what are we waiting for?
Let's go! "
With that, they got up and left for the Fifth Dimension.
...
Nine Dao Scriptures!
By now, who did not know that Ye Xuan had gathered all nine Dao Scriptures?
Everyone was envious of him!
However, basically no one dared to have any evil thoughts. One had to know that even someone as strong as An Yuan had disappeared without a trace overnight!
However, there were always exceptions.
...
In the starry sky of the Fifth Dimension, an old man stood quietly. Beside him, there was a young man.
The old man looked down and said softly, "I never thought that someone would actually gather all the Dao Scriptures … Interesting!"
The young man looked down at the Fifth Dimension. "Snatch it?"
The old man glanced at the young man. "Snatch it?
What are you going to use to snatch it?
There are at least a dozen Consolidation Realm experts down there!
Do you think the two of us can fight them? "
The young man coldly looked down at the Fifth Dimension. "Just a dozen!"
The old man shook his head. "A dozen Consolidation Realm experts is naturally not scary. The scary thing is this Young Master Ye!
What kind of existence is An Yuan?
It was once a force created by Second Brother Dao. However, it disappeared without a trace in one night … And the Whirling World, the major forces of the Whirling World have all submitted to this Young Master Ye … You can imagine how terrifying the two women who went to the Whirling World are! "
The young man said softly, "But Grandfather will not give up, right?"
The old man smiled. "Of course!
Who doesn't want to see the complete version of the Dao Scriptures?
However, we can change the method, such as cooperation!
In any case, this Young Master Ye is also sharing the Dao Scriptures. In that case, sharing one more should not be a problem for him. However, we will have to pay a price. "
The young man was silent.
The old man said again, "As a person, you must be able to judge the situation.
My Nanyue clan has been able to survive for so many years because of one word: caution.
Many families and forces perished because they were too arrogant, too arrogant! "
As he spoke, he looked down at the Fifth Dimension and said softly, "Although our Nanyue clan has a deep foundation, we cannot afford to be reckless!"
The young man looked down, "I heard that Ye Xuan is the number one among the younger generation. I want to meet him!"
The old man smiled. "We can exchange pointers, but there is no need to become enemies. Do you understand?"
The young man nodded. "Of course!"
The old man smiled. "Then let us pay a visit to this Young Master Ye!"
The two disappeared from the scene.
....
Below, in a certain hall, Bai Dizi looked at the old man and young man in front of him, "You two are from the Nanyue clan?"
The old man smiled. "Yes!"
Bai Dizi cupped his fists. "Forgive me for being ignorant, but I have never heard of this Nanyue clan!"
The old man smiled. "Nanyue clan is quite far from here. It is normal that you have never heard of it."
Bai Dizi smiled. "How far?"
The old man looked at Bai Dizi. "You know about Whirling World and Ancient God Abyss. Do you know about Xuan City?"
Bai Dizi frowned. "Xuan City?"
The old man nodded.
Bai Dizi shook his head. "I don't know!"
The old man smiled. "We are not from Xuan City. However, we are quite far from it."
Bai Dizi looked at the old man. "You are here for the Dao scripture?"
The old man nodded. "Yes!
My Nanyue clan also wants to look at the Dao scripture. Of course, we will not look for it for free. We can cooperate with Young Master Ye. "
Bai Dizi smiled. "You are welcome!
However, Alliance Leader Ye is busy now. I wonder if you can wait for a moment? "
The young man frowned. He was a little displeased.
The old man smiled. "Of course!"
Bai Dizi smiled. "It is not that I am neglecting you two. Young Master Ye has instructed that no one is to disturb him … So, I hope you two can understand!"
The old man smiled. "It doesn't matter. Go do what you need to do!"
Bai Dizi cupped his fists and retreated.
Inside the hall, the young man said coldly, "What arrogance!"
The old man smiled. "We are the ones begging him now!"
As he said that, he glanced at the young man. "Qing'er, you must correct your attitude!
Because from the looks of it, my Nanyue clan does not have any advantage when facing this Young Master Ye.
We have a deep foundation, but the power behind this Young Master Ye is even more unfathomable. "
The young man was silent.
The old man continued. "This time, we are here to seek cooperation, not to seek enmity.
Even if we can't cooperate, we must try our best not to be enemies with this Young Master Ye! "
As he said that, he looked at the young man. "Qing'er, if you want to become the clan's heir and inherit the clan, you must learn how to conduct yourself well!
Otherwise, no matter how talented you are or how strong you are, the clan will not let you be in power.
The person in power does not need to be too strong, but you must have a good head. Otherwise, if you are not careful, it will bring disaster to the clan. "
The young man was silent.
The old man continued. "Just cultivating is not enough.
To become the clan's heir, strength is part of it, but emotional intelligence and conduct are what we old fellows value more. "
The young man said softly, "I understand!"
The old man nodded. "This time, I brought you out as a test. As for what the test is, I won't tell you. Think about it yourself. If you pass the test, you still have hope of becoming the heir. If you fail, when we return, the clan will arrange for you to go to the trial grounds to cultivate. We will train you to be the clan's guardian and not the heir. Do you understand what I mean?"
The young man slowly clenched his right hand and lowered his head in silence.
The old man glanced at the young man. "Compared to the other heirs, your only advantage is that you are stronger than them, but …"
At this moment, a voice came from outside the door. "I wonder if Young Master Ye is here?"
The voice was very familiar!
The young man frowned.
The old man said in a deep voice, "He is here too!"
As he said that, he stood up and left.
Outside the hall, Bai Dizi was receiving a young man in a luxurious robe.
Nanyue Xiu!
He was also one of the young masters of the Nanyue clan!
Nanyue Xiu bowed slightly to Bai Dizi. "Senior, I am the seventh young master of the Nanyue clan. I am here to see Young Master Ye!"
Bai Dizi glanced at Nanyue Xiu. "I'm sorry, Young Master Ye is in seclusion!"
Nanyue Xiu smiled. "Alright, I will wait for him."
As he said that, he took out a storage ring and put it in Bai Dizi's hand. "Senior, this is a Dao Pill. If you are trying to reach the Dao Realm, with the help of this pill, your chances will increase by at least 50%!
Of course, with senior's talent and strength, reaching the Dao Realm is nothing to you … However, this is junior's gift. I hope senior will accept it. "
Hearing this, Bai Dizi's expression changed …
....
PS: In the book review section, there is a reader who keeps scolding me. His scolding is very unpleasant. He comes every day to greet me and my family.
To be honest, I really don't understand why he hates me so much. The insults between the lines are as if I am the murderer of his father.
Moreover, when he scolds you, you can't scold him or even ban him. If you ban him, he will go to the book group to scold you or change his account to scold you …
Just like before, a reader wrote an outline for me and asked me to write it according to his outline … I ignored him. Two days later, he messaged me and scolded me on QQ crazily. He said all kinds of nasty things like how my family deserved it and so on …
Sometimes, I couldn't help but reply, "Get lost," and he would say, "Heh, is this how an author is?
Is this all you have? "
I was speechless.
....
I, Luan, know my own limitations. This is my second book. I'm not a newbie, but I'm not an old man either. I have a lot of shortcomings, but I've been working hard, hoping to write better!
After all, this is my job.
If it's not good, you can criticize and deserve to be criticized. You can even scold me, but just scold me, there's no need to involve my family.
Actually, some readers don't know that some of their good suggestions in the book review section have been integrated into the book because I have to admit that some of the readers' ideas are really awesome.
In the end, many people are debating which of the three swords is the strongest … In your heart, who do you think is the strongest?
Also, Ye Xuan's true identity will slowly be revealed.








Chapter 1441
Dao Core!
He would be lying if he said he wasn't tempted!
After all, he, Bai Dizi, was now at Dao Controlling Realm. Achieving Dao Realm was his goal.
However, he didn't accept it!
Bai Dizi smiled. "Young Master, this gift is too expensive. This old man can't accept it!
As for meeting Alliance Leader Ye, you can wait with your clansmen for a while because Young Master Ye is about to come out! "
He cupped his fists and left.
Nan Yue Xiu's eyes flashed with surprise.
He didn't expect this old man to be able to refuse this temptation!
Bai Dizi naturally refused this temptation. Take people's hands and break them!
It could be said that in the Fifth Dimension, other than Ye Xuan, he had the greatest authority.
If he was corrupt, the impact wouldn't be bad.
Most importantly, if his subordinates followed his example, then wouldn't his original intention of establishing order be destroyed?
Why did he, Bai Dizi, submit to Ye Xuan?
Was it because of his future?
No!
He wanted to rebuild order!
Nan Yue Xiu put away the pill and looked at the old man and young man not far away. "So it's Elder Qi and Brother Qing!"
Nan Yue Xiu smiled. "Seventh Young Master is also here!"
Nan Yue Xiu nodded. "Gathering Dao Scriptures is such a big event. I naturally came to join in the fun!"
Nan Yue Qi said softly, "It seems that Xuan City and the other clans should also know!"
Nan Yue Xiu smiled. "That's for sure!
However, as far as I know, Xuan City's City Lord is currently doing his best to investigate this Young Master Ye. I wonder what their attitude is! "
Nan Yue Qi frowned. "Investigation?"
Nan Yue Xiu nodded. "I don't know what they are investigating this Young Master Ye, but it's definitely not simple!"
He looked at Nan Yue Qi and smiled. "Grand Elder, this is not a private matter, so I hope we can cooperate."
Nan Yue Qi said solemnly, "Of course!"
Internal strife was bound to happen in a big clan, but it definitely depended on the situation!
Infighting when there were external enemies was definitely a big taboo in the family.
The ancestor of Nanyue had once left behind his last words. The position of heir could be fought over, but they could not ally with outsiders to act against their own people. If someone did this, then anyone in the clan could summon the ancestor. He left behind a wisp of his soul to severely punish those who colluded with outsiders.
The reason why the Nanyue Clan was able to maintain its prosperity for so many years was largely related to the last words left behind by this ancestor!
Because no one dared to act recklessly!
Even if you become the clan leader, if you don't get the position right, once the ancestor's soul fragment appears, you'll still be doomed!
They could fight for it!
But it has to be healthy competition.
Nanyue Xiu looked around and smiled, "Elder Qi, when I came, I took a stroll around the cosmos. Did you notice something? This place isn't normal!"
Nan Yueqi asked, "What do you mean?"
Nanyue Xiu whispered: "If I'm not wrong, this Young Master Ye is very ambitious. He wants to rebuild the Daoting Order of the past"
Nan Yueqi was silent.
Nanyue Xiu continued: "Moreover, the people here believe in this Young Master Ye. In their hearts, Young Master Ye is God …"
At this point, he looked at Nan Yueqi, "If I'm not wrong, the power of faith is going to appear again."
Nan Yueqi whispered: "I'm afraid it won't be that easy!"
Nanyue Xiu smiled, "It really won't be that easy!
However, this Young Master Ye isn't that easy to bully. This time, let's see if those people dare to suppress him! "
Nan Yueqi said in a deep voice, "Wasn't the Daoting at its peak in the past?
Wasn't it suppressed to the point of extinction … If it wasn't for that Zhao Zhiqing, the Daoting would've been extinct.
But wasn't she exiled in the end? "
Nanyue Xiu shook his head, "It's different!
Very different! "
Nan Yueqi asked, "What's different?"
Nan Yueqi said with a smile, "I've investigated. Young Master Ye and the Daoting were rivals. However, when that Qing Zhu saw Ye Xuan, he immediately killed the Dao Ancestor's body and made Ye Xuan the Dao Lord. In other words, that Qing Zhu thinks highly of Young Master Ye!
And there must be something behind this. "
Nan Yueqi said in a deep voice, "The force behind Young Master Ye!"
Nan Yueqi nodded, "Three people have appeared before. The first one killed a Human Venerable from the Dark Abyss with a clone. We don't know how strong this person's force is.
We also don't know where this person came from.
The second person was the white-robed woman. She had destroyed An Yuan with a single punch, and her strength was definitely far beyond the Consolidation Realm. She might have even reached the legendary level, or even higher … Even Xuan City would have to be wary of such an expert!
There's also that Swordsman woman. She used to be the Sect Leader of the Sword Sect, Situ Tingyun. Although she doesn't fight much, she might not be weaker than that white-robed woman … "
She looked at Nan Yueqi, "These two are enough to intimidate Xuan City and that place."
Nan Yueqi said in a deep voice, "They can intimidate, but they might not be afraid."
Nan Yueqi smiled, "Yes!
Young Master Ye wants to rebuild order and restore faith energy. This is equivalent to touching someone's interests. Moreover, Young Master Ye has the complete version of the Dao Scripture. That place will definitely be tempted. They don't have a choice!
Once Young Master Ye rebuilds order, then does Daoting those who were exiled, like this Qing Zhu, mean that Ye Xuan will save them?
Once they come out … Do you think that place will let Ye Xuan save them? "
Nan Yueqi was silent.
Nan Yueqi said softly, "This place looks peaceful, but it's not. Danger lurks everywhere!
This time, it's also a challenge for our Nan Yueqi Clan. Following Young Master Ye, we can share the complete version of the Dao Scripture, but it might also bring trouble to ourselves. "
Nan Yueqi was silent.
Nan Yueqing suddenly said, "We can use something to exchange with Young Master Ye. After seeing the Dao Scripture, we will no longer have anything to do with him!"
Nan Yueqi shook his head.
Nan Yueqi looked at Nan Yueqing and smiled, "Ninth Brother, if this Young Master Ye is as simple as you, then it would be great!"
Nan Yueqing frowned, "What do you mean?"
Nan Yueqi smiled, "Ninth Brother, do you think our Nan Yueqi Clan has anything that can compare to this Dao Scripture?"
Nan Yueqing's lips moved, but he had nothing to say.
Because there isn't!
Nan Yueqi continued, "Do you think this Young Master Ye will let us enjoy his Dao Scripture for free?
Of course not!
Look at that old man, he's not simple. Do you think this Young Master Ye is a good person? "
Nan Yueqing was silent.
Nan Yueqi smiled, "If we want the Dao Scripture, we must pay a price, and it might be very big!"
Nan Yueqi said in a deep voice, "What does Patriarch think?"
Nan Yueqi shrugged, "Patriarch wants me to understand this Young Master Ye!"
Saying that, he looked at the sky, "Not only our Nan Yueqi Clan, Xuan City, Gu Clan, Chi Clan, and that place … they should have sent people to this universe.
I believe they are not only investigating Young Master Ye, but also the people behind him!
Where did these people come from? "
Nan Yueqi looked around, "My Nan Yueqi Clan has also investigated, but there is no news of these people, right?"
Nan Yueqi nodded, "Yes.
This is the scariest part!
These people behind him are so powerful, but not only there is no news of them in this universe, even our place has no news of them!
Then here comes the problem!
Where are these people now?
They can't be hiding and cultivating in secret, right? "
Nan Yueqi said softly, "Looks like I still underestimated this Young Master Ye!"
Nan Yueqi smiled, then looked at Nan Yueqing, "Little Brother Qing, I know you are very strong, but when you see this Young Master Ye, please be polite. Even if we can't cooperate with him, we must not become enemies with him."
Nan Yueqing was expressionless, "I don't need you to teach me this!"
Nan Yueqi laughed, "I'm just reminding you!"
At this moment, Bai Dizi appeared in front of the three. He looked at them, "The three of you, Alliance Master Ye invites you!"
Nan Yueqi cupped his fists, "Thank you!"
Under Bai Dizi's lead, the three of them came to a courtyard.
Ye Xuan didn't meet the three of them in the Sword Hall because Yue Zun and the others were still explaining the Dao Scripture!
Inside the courtyard, when he saw Ye Xuan, Nan Yueqi cupped his fists and said with a smile, "Young Master Ye!"
Ye Xuan also cupped his fists and said with a smile, "The three of you are from Nan Yueqi Clan?"
Nan Yueqi nodded, "That's right!"
Ye Xuan made an inviting gesture, "The three of you, please sit!"
Nan Yueqi and the other two sat around the stone table. Nan Yueqi looked at Ye Xuan and said with a smile, "Young Master Ye, I won't beat around the bush!
This time, I want to represent my Nan Yueqi Clan to cooperate with Young Master Ye! "
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Dao Scripture?"
Nan Yueqi nodded.
Ye Xuan smiled slightly, "I wonder what Nan Yueqi Clan wants to use to exchange?"
Nan Yueqi was speechless and didn't know what to say.
What to use to exchange?
Nothing can be used to exchange for it!
At this time, Nan Yueqi suddenly said with a smile, "Young Master Ye, what Elder Qi said just now was just a joke!
Actually, the main reason we came here this time is to get to know Young Master Ye! "
Ye Xuan glanced at Nan Yueqi and said with a smile, "Is that so?"
Nan Yueqi laughed, "Of course!
We've long heard that Young Master Ye is a genius, the number one in the younger generation. This time, we came here to get to know Young Master Ye and see if we can be friends! "
Ye Xuan shook his head, "I don't deserve to be called the number one in the younger generation.
As for being friends, I, Ye Xuan, am willing to make friends! "
Nan Yueqi smiled, "Young Master Ye, I wonder how much do you know about the history of Daoting!"
Ye Xuan looked at Nan Yueqi, "It's limited to this generation!"
Nan Yueqi thought for a moment and said, "Dao Physique was once glorious!
Incomparably glorious!
Especially Lord Qing's generation!
At that time, Daoting's faith power made all the worlds fear it!
But later, Daoting suddenly declined … Lord Qing's generation went missing. Young Master Ye, do you know why? "
Ye Xuan shook his head, "I don't know!"
Nan Yueqi was about to speak when Ye Xuan suddenly smiled and said, "I don't want to know either!"
Nan Yueqi was stunned.
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "You three, I'm currently studying the nine scrolls of Dao Scripture with Whirling Sect's powerhouses, are you interested?"
Hearing this, Nan Yueqi was silent.
Nan Yueqi was also silent.
Nan Yueqing suddenly said, "We are interested, but will you let us see it?"
On the side, Nan Yueqi shook his head, this silly brother!
Nan Yueqi also shook his head.
Why should he let them see it?
.....








Chapter 1442
Ye Xuan looked at Nan Yueqing and said with a smile: "Then do you think I should show it to you?"
Nan Yueqing was about to speak but Ye Xuan got up and left.
He didn't know what kind of force this Nan Yueqing was, but he was sure that the other party wanted benefits but didn't want to put in too much effort.
Since that was the case, then there was no need to cooperate!
Although he, Ye Xuan, could share Dao Scriptures, it was only with those who helped him. These people in front of him had never helped him, so why should he share them?
He, Ye Xuan, was not a good person, nor was he a charity.
Moreover, he didn't share all Dao Scriptures.
For example, some Self Release Realm experts, he would only share the first and second volumes and not the last few volumes. Because doing so wouldn't bring any benefits to the other party and might even bring trouble to them!
As Bai Dizi said, Dao Scriptures could be shared but not recklessly.
After Ye Xuan left, inside the hall, Nan Yueqi looked at Nan Yuexiu. Nan Yuexiu said softly: "What he wants, the three of us can't decide!"
On the side, Nan Yueqing frowned, "What does he want?"
Hearing this, Nan Yueqi sighed softly.
At this time, he suddenly understood that Nan Yueqing was not suitable to be the clan's heir. Although he was the most talented among all the young masters, his strength was also the highest.
But his understanding of the world was the lowest among all the young masters.
This was also normal because Nan Yueqing spent most of his time cultivating in the clan and rarely dealt with outside matters. Therefore, in terms of understanding of the world, he was too lacking compared to the other young masters.
On the side, Nan Yuexiu said with a smile: "This Young Master Ye wants us to be together with him. In other words, he wants to tie our Nan Yueqing together with him!"
Nan Yueqing said solemnly: "Didn't you say that the force behind him is extremely powerful?
Then what's the problem with being tied to him? "
Nan Yuexiu said with a smile: "It's a big problem!
We all know that the force behind him is extremely powerful, but what about his enemies?
Currently, the known enemies are not people our Nan Yueqing clan can provoke!
But who knows if he has other enemies? "
Nanyue Qing was silent.
Nanyue Xiu continued: "Being bound to Young Master Ye has great benefits, but the danger is also great. Moreover, there are unknown dangers!"
Saying that, he shook his head and smiled. "You want benefits, but you don't want to put in any effort. It's human nature …"
Nanyue Qing suddenly said: "That Dao Scripture, must my Nanyue tribe obtain it?"
Nan Yue Xiu was silent.
Nan Yueqing said again, "If we don't have to, we don't have to get involved in this mess!"
Nanyue Xiu smiled: "Everyone understands this, but this Dao Canon is also an opportunity for our Nanyue Clan!
You know what?
Oftentimes, a single opportunity was enough to change an entire clan!
Although it might also cause the family to be consigned to eternal damnation!
But who doesn't want to give it a try? "
Nan Yueqing shook his head, "This Ye Xuan won't let us freeload!"
With that, he got up and left.
Inside the hall, Nanyue Xiu smiled, "It seems that this matter can only be decided by the Patriarch!"
This was a decision that concerned the rise and fall of the clan. It wasn't something that he or an elder could make a decision on their own.
Nan Yueqi nodded, "Let's go back first!"
With that, he and Nanyue Xiu got up and left.
Outside the hall, Nanyue Xiu smiled and said, "Elder Qi, you go back first!
I want to take a stroll in this universe! "
Nan Yueqi glanced at Nanyue Xiu and nodded, "Be careful!"
With that, he turned around and disappeared.
....
Sword Hall.
After Ye Xuan returned to Sword Hall, Yue Zun and the others were still studying Dao Scripture.
At first, it was research, but now it's a discussion!
Nian Nian was also quietly listening.
Ye Xuan walked to Nian Nian and sat down. Seeing Ye Xuan, Nian Nian suddenly showed a bright smile. Her right hand naturally hugged Ye Xuan's arm.
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Do you understand?"
Nian Nian blinked, "I understand!"
Ye Xuan was stunned.
Nian Nian looked at Yue Zun and the others in the distance, "They said something wrong!"
Everyone in the surroundings fell silent when they heard Nian Nian, and all of them looked at Nian Nian!
No one thought that Nian Nian was talking nonsense!
Who is this person?
She's a Fifth Dimension Tendo!
Ye Zhiming walked over to Nian Nian and smiled, "Where did we go wrong?"
Nian Nian blinked, and then looked at Ye Xuan, "I …"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "It's fine. Speak boldly!"
Nian Nian hesitated for a moment, and then pointed at a Dao Scripture, "This Dao Scripture doesn't teach people how to attain Dao, but how to understand Dao!
Because we are a part of Dao, but we just don't know it!
Dao is ourselves, but many people don't know this and still seek it everywhere … "
At this point, she glanced at everyone, and when she saw that everyone was looking at her, she hurriedly lowered her head.
At the side, an old man from Whirling Sect said in a trembling voice, "You … please continue …"
Nian Nian glanced at Ye Xuan, and Ye Xuan smiled lightly and encouraged her, "Continue!"
Nian Nian hesitated for a moment, and then she nodded, "This scroll only tells us what Dao is … and how to understand and recognize Dao. It doesn't teach you how to attain Dao, because you are a part of Dao, but you just don't know enough."
As she spoke, she glanced at everyone in the hall, "The direction of your research is wrong!"
The hall was silent.
Ye Xuan also fell silent.
The direction was wrong!
What is Dao?
Actually, we are a part of Dao!
We don't need to find how to attain Dao, but to find a way to understand ourselves. Understanding ourselves is to understand Dao!
After understanding Dao, is there still a need to attain Dao?
At this moment, Nian Nian pointed at the first Dao Scripture, "Escape … The escape mentioned in this scroll doesn't mean that you have to escape from the Dao, because even if you escape, you will still be within Dao!"
Ye Zhiming asked, "Why?"
Nian Nian looked at Ye Zhiming, "Because you are Dao, where can you escape to?"
Ye Zhiming frowned slightly, "Then what is Escape One referring to?"
Nian Nian smiled, "This Escape One refers to uncertainty."
"Uncertainty!"
Everyone looked at Nian Nian, and one of the old men said respectfully, "Your Excellency, what does uncertainty mean?"
Nian Nian grinned, "Uncertainty is fate, fate is also one of the Dao, but fate is uncertain!
For example, what family you were born in, what environment you were born in, these are uncertain, but you can change fate, control fate, in other words, Escape One.
Through hard work, you can change yourself, become that Escape One, but you are still within Dao, just that you already have the ability to control your own fate. "
Ye Zhiming said solemnly, "In other words, no matter what we do, we are still within Dao?"
Nian Nian nodded, "From this scroll, that's the case!
Because you are a part of Dao!
Speaking of this … "
At this point, she hesitated, then said, "But, if you are very, very strong, you can defy Dao!"
Ye Zhiming was a little confused, "Defy Dao?"
Nian Nian nodded, "Dao exists, but it can be defied, broken, and even destroyed …"
Ye Zhiming said solemnly, "How to defy?
How to break?
How to destroy? "
Nian Nian blinked, "I don't know!"
Ye Zhiming, "…"
Ye Xuan shook his head with a smile, "Then what do you know?"
Nian Nian giggled, "I only know this much!"
Ye Xuan, "…"
At this time, Venerable Yue suddenly said, "Why don't we let her help us?"
Ye Xuan looked at Venerable Yue, and Venerable Yue said solemnly, "Her understanding of these Dao Scriptures far surpasses ours!
With her help, we can better understand these Dao Scriptures, and then record them down. At that time, you can use the Dao Scriptures we have recorded to teach the experts of the Fifth Dimension, what do you think? "
Ye Xuan smiled, "Of course!"
As he spoke, he looked at Nian Nian, "Nian Nian, help them look at this Dao Scripture, okay?"
Nian Nian nodded, "Okay!"
Ye Xuan gently rubbed Nian Nian's little head. His intuition told him that Nian Nian was about to recover her memories!
Venerable Yue and the others continued to study the Dao Scriptures, while Ye Xuan came to a courtyard. He sat cross-legged on the ground and slowly closed his eyes.
Instant Kill Sword!
This was what Situ Tingyun had taught him before she left!
Previously, he had been busy and did not have the time to cultivate it. Now, he decided to cultivate this sword technique!
Like what Bai Dizi said, was the crisis really resolved?
No!
This might just be the beginning!
No matter what, like what Bai Dizi said, his top priority now was to increase his strength!
Only with great strength could he face everything!
Instant Kill Sword!
One Sword, One Kill!
After understanding this Instant Kill Sword, Ye Xuan's expression gradually became solemn … This sword technique's strength far surpassed his imagination!
It could be said that it was the most suitable sword technique for him to cultivate!
The Single Sword of Life and Death and Single Sword of Soul were taught to him by the plain-dressed woman. However, the strength of these two sword techniques depended on his sword dao cultivation and realm. Evidently, his current sword dao cultivation and realm were not enough to display the true power of these two sword techniques!
However, this Instant Kill Sword was different!
This sword technique was just right for him to cultivate!
After a while, Ye Xuan started to study this sword technique …
...
Xuan City.
In the city lord's mansion, an old man quickly walked to a side hall.
The old man bowed respectfully towards the side hall. "City lord, I have investigated!"
A woman's voice came from inside the hall. "Speak!"
The old man said in a deep voice, "The plain-dressed senior in my Xuan City is the Dao Protector of the Fifth Dimension's Young Master Ye!"
After a moment of silence, the woman's voice came again. "Are you sure?"
The old man said in a deep voice, "Absolutely sure!"
Creak!
The door suddenly opened and a woman walked out.
The old man hurriedly lowered his head, not daring to look at the woman.
The woman looked towards the sky and said softly, "His Dao Protector …"
At this time, the old man said again, "The Dao Sect's Second Brother sent someone to Xuan City, saying that he hopes that we can deal with Young Master Ye together. After the matter is done, he will share the Dao Scripture with us!"
The woman said softly, "Share the Dao Scripture … What a tempting condition!"
The old man said, "City lord, are you going to agree to the Dao Sect?"
The woman walked into the distance. "Prepare a big gift and send it over personally!
You will personally deliver it. You understand what I mean, right? "
The old man was stunned and then said, "To the Dao Sect?"
The woman stopped and turned to look at the old man. "Can you take that woman's sword?"
The old man was speechless.
The woman asked again, "Can my Xuan City take that woman's sword?"
The old man was speechless.
The woman blinked. "Since you can't, then why are you asking such a stupid question!
Of course, the gift is for Young Master Ye!
Remember, don't be stingy. Also, send some pills and whatnot. Let him feel the great kindness of our Xuan City, understand? "
The old man was speechless.
.....
...
PS: Can you let me feel your great kindness?
I'm looking forward to it!








Chapter 1443
The woman slowly walked to the front of a pool, and the old man stood respectfully behind her.
From the beginning until the end, the old man hadn't even raised his head to look at her!
It was out of respect, but it was also out of fear!
The woman wore a white robe with a violet ribbon tied around her waist, and she had a graceful and slender figure.
She sat on a rock by the side of the pool, and she gazed at the pool before her. A school of small fish had surrounded her.
The woman looked at the school of wandering fish, and her thoughts had already drifted away.
The woman in a plain dress!
At this moment, her mind was filled with that woman in a plain dress.
On that day, a woman in a plain dress had entered Xuan City and instantly killed 3 extraordinary experts of Xuan City right in front of her.
Those 3 extraordinary experts of Xuan City couldn't even withstand a single attack from that woman!
Terror!
She'd never felt terror in her entire life!
But on that day, she'd felt terror for the first time!
What was the greatest taboo on the path of the Martial Dao?
Naturally, it was fear!
She'd challenged the woman in a plain dress!
However, she hadn't been able to withstand a single attack from the woman!
After the woman attacked, it wasn't terror that she felt, it was despair!
At that instant, it was the first time she'd felt so weak.
However, the woman in a plain dress hadn't killed her!
The woman opened her palm, and there was a portrait there.
It was of Ye Xuan!
The woman had left it for her!
The woman gazed at the portrait and spoke softly, "The person in the portrait is in the Fifth Dimension?"
The old man nodded. "Yes!"
As he spoke, he hesitated for a moment before he continued, "According to my investigations, this Young Master Ye has gathered all 9 scrolls of the Dao Scriptures."
The Dao Scriptures!
The woman grinned. "Gathering the Dao Scriptures …. That's quite interesting."
The old man spoke in a low voice, "Moreover, this Young Master Ye has become the Lord of Daoting, and he was personally chosen by Lord Qing!"
The woman's beautiful brows knit together when she heard this.
The old man said, "Lord Qing's objective isn't simple at all!"
The woman said, "Who destroyed the Dark Abyss?"
The old man spoke in a low voice, "A woman in a white robe. She headed to the Dark Abyss and shattered it with a single punch …. Her origins and identity can't be found!"
The woman looked at the old man, "Even we can't find anything?"
The old man nodded. "Yes!"
The woman said softly, "From this, it can be seen that there is a huge force behind this Young Master Ye."
The old man nodded. "Yes!
Especially Young Master Ye's bloodline. His bloodline is extremely special, and its origin is untraceable. "
After a moment of silence, the woman asked softly, "Is there any movement from the Dao Sect and that place?"
The old man shook his head. "There's no movement!
However, they should already be investigating Ye Xuan. "
As he spoke, he hesitated for a moment before he said, "Will the Daoist Sect and that place let the matter rest?"
The woman shook her head. "I won't!"
The old man frowned slightly. "Do they still dare to target Young Master Ye?"
The woman looked at the pool in front of her and said softly, "Why not?
Just a white-robed woman and a Swordsman woman won't be able to scare them. As for the plain-dressed woman … I think they probably don't know her true strength! "
The old man hesitated for a moment before he said, "Should I remind the Gate of Dao and that place?"
The woman glanced at the old man. "Do you think they'll believe it?"
The old man was silent.
The woman chuckled. "Don't talk about them, even we won't believe it."
As she spoke, she raised her head to look at the horizon and said softly, "Because she's so strong that it's beyond our understanding."
The old man said, "If we become friends with Young Master Ye … I'm afraid the Gate of Dao and that place will …"
The woman recollected her thoughts, stood up, and walked into the distance. "We can provide some help and information to Young Master Ye. As long as we don't send experts to the Fifth Dimension to help him, whether it's the Gate of Dao or that place, they won't say anything."
The old man nodded. "Understood!"
The woman said again, "It's not convenient for me to go to the Fifth Dimension. I'll leave this matter to you."
The old man bowed slightly. "Don't worry, City Lord. This old servant will definitely take care of it!"
As he spoke, he seemed to have thought of something and said, "Some forces might not be that friendly towards Young Master Ye …"
The woman said, "That's their problem!"
As she spoke, she walked into the distance. "When you go, bring a big gift.
Of course, if there's anything he needs help with, try your best to satisfy him. After all, the Gate of Dao and that place haven't started fighting yet. You can help however you want! "
The old man nodded. "Understood!"
...
In the Fifth Dimension.
Inside the palace.
Ye Xuan had been meditating for three days. In these three days, he didn't even take a step out of his room.
He was studying that instant killing sword!
While Ye Xuan was meditating, some especially powerful auras appeared in the starry sky of the Fifth Dimension.
This made Bai Dizi quite worried.
He knew that some mysterious forces that even the Daoting had never heard of had appeared.
Just like the Nanyue family!
The complete version of the Dao scripture was too tempting!
Which force wouldn't be tempted!
More and more mysterious experts came to the Fifth Dimension. Fortunately, no one dared to act recklessly!
The current Five Dimensional Universe was still very intimidating!
After all, the Dark Abyss had just been destroyed and the Whirling World had surrendered.
Before figuring out Ye Xuan's background, no one dared to act rashly.
...
Inside the Sword Palace.
Yue Zun and the rest were still studying the Dao scripture. Unlike before, with the addition of Nian Nian, their progress was godly!
A total of seven Dao scriptures were annotated by them in detail. Not only that, the Dao scriptures, martial arts, and mental cultivation methods were also listed out for people to cultivate.
The difficulty of the last two Dao scriptures was higher. Even Nian Nian would fall into deep thought because of a single sentence. After all, she hadn't fully recovered her memories.
As for Ye Xuan, he was cultivating in seclusion.
Three days later, Ye Xuan suddenly left his room. He turned into a sword light and disappeared.
Not long later, Ye Xuan came to a certain starry sky. After confirming that there was no one around, Ye Xuan stopped. He opened his palm and the Executing Heaven Sword appeared in his hand.
Ye Xuan suddenly looked into the distance. The next moment, thousands of feet away, the space there was torn apart and a sword light appeared!
Instant killing sword!
A smile appeared on Ye Xuan's face when he saw this.
Instant killing a Swordsman wasn't difficult, but it wasn't easy to cultivate it to Situ Tingyun's level!
Speed!
This Instant Kill Sword was all about speed and the element of surprise!
It was simply too suitable for him!
In the following time, Ye Xuan started to cultivate Instant killing sword like crazy. He wanted to raise the speed of Instant killing sword to the limit!
Situ Tingyun could kill people two levels above her, so could he!
Moreover, he had the Dao Body and the Naga Dragon Clan's power, the Dao Law of Space, and the Sword Domain …
It could be said that he had a great innate advantage when cultivating Instant killing sword!
...
In the Fifth Dimension, a black-robed old man looked down from the sky.
At this moment, a middle-aged man suddenly appeared near the black-robed old man. The middle-aged man glanced at the black-robed old man and smiled. "Boundless Sacred Land!"
The black-robed old man glanced at the middle-aged man. "Dao Sect!"
The middle-aged man smiled. "Yes!"
The black-robed old man retracted his gaze and continued to look down. No one knew what he was thinking.
The middle-aged man smiled. "This Qing Zhu really has a good eye!
Changing masters with one move, bringing Daoting back to life! "
The black-robed old man was expressionless. "A deathbed struggle!"
The middle-aged man glanced at the black-robed old man and smiled. "That doesn't seem right.
Sir, this universe is going to have the power of faith again! "
The black-robed old man fell silent.
The middle-aged man said again, "Not only did Qing Zhu give the Dao Seal to Ye Xuan, but he also gave his Destiny God Seal to him … Sir, are you guys panicking?"
The black-robed old man glanced at the middle-aged man. "Your Dao Sect's precious Dao Scripture has fallen into someone else's hands. Don't you feel ashamed?"
The smile on the middle-aged man's face gradually disappeared.
The black-robed old man said again, "When An Yuan was destroyed, your ancestor didn't even dare to fart. If I were you, I would be too embarrassed to come out and embarrass myself!"
The middle-aged man laughed. "Didn't the Boundless Sacred Ground say that you guys will kill whoever dares to cultivate the power of faith?
Look, Ye Xuan is not only cultivating the power of faith, but he is also rebuilding the order and letting the three thousand Dao Guardians cultivate the power of faith. Go kill him now! "
The black-robed old man looked at the middle-aged man with killing intent in his eyes.
The middle-aged man smiled. "Sir, it's meaningless for us to fight against each other!
How about we talk about cooperation? "
The black-robed old man was expressionless. "What cooperation!"
The middle-aged man smiled. "Both of us want Ye Xuan dead, right?"
The black-robed old man kept silent.
The middle-aged man continued, "But, for now, we have to deal with the mysterious force behind Ye Xuan first!
Both Dao Sect and the Boundless Sacred Ground know nothing about the force behind him, right? "
The black-robed old man didn't say anything.
The middle-aged man continued, "Ye Xuan has obtained the Scripture of Dao. I believe it won't take long for him to understand the nine volumes of Scripture of Dao and summon the Spirit of Dao. Once the Spirit of Dao appears, it will be very difficult for us to kill him even if the person behind him doesn't show up!
What's more, Qing Zhu handed the Daoting to Ye Xuan. Once the order is built, those who were exiled by you guys might get the power of faith again … "
The black-robed old man's eyes turned gloomy.
The middle-aged man said, "Now, we have to admit that both Dao Sect and the Boundless Sacred Ground will not be able to deal with the person behind Ye Xuan alone!
But what if we join hands? "
The black-robed old man glanced at the middle-aged man. "You still don't understand the situation. We don't even know what the force behind him is. And the mysterious force that even you and we don't know … Do you know what it means?
It means the person behind him might come from a place that we don't even know. "
The middle-aged man smiled. "He said he is the Son of the Nine-Dimensional Plane!"
The black-robed old man sneered. "Do you think it's funny?"
The middle-aged man frowned. The black-robed old man said again, "How can you be so sure that what he said is false?
Just because we haven't been to the Nine-Dimensional Plane, we think there is no Nine-Dimensional Plane, right? "
As he said, he raised his head and looked deep into the starry sky. He said softly, "What if he is really the Son of the Nine-Dimensional Plane?"
The middle-aged man looked at the black-robed old man. "So, the Boundless Sacred Ground is going to give up?"
The black-robed old man glanced at the middle-aged man. "We just don't want to underestimate him. Of course, if the force behind him is too powerful, we have to give up."
After that, he turned around and left.
.....








Chapter 1444
In the starry sky, the middle-aged man was silent.
At this moment, a voice came from behind him, "They will not let Ye Xuan live!"
The middle-aged man turned around. When he saw who it was, he quickly bowed respectfully, "Court Head!"
Taoism was divided into Wuyuan Court and Wenyuan Court. The person in front of him was the Court Head of Wenyuan Court, Wen Tianyu.
Wen Tianyu nodded slightly, "No need to be so polite."
The middle-aged man hesitated and said, "Court Head Wen, the Boundless Sacred Land …"
Wen Tianyu smiled and said, "The Boundless Sacred Land cultivates the Power of Faith. The Power of Faith is their foundation. The Daoting also cultivates the Power of Faith. There is an irreconcilable conflict between them and the Daoting."
The middle-aged man asked softly, "Why?"
Wen Tianyu smiled and said, "The Daoting's Power of Faith is to establish order for all living beings, to create peace and make the world a better place!
The reason why the Daoting was so powerful was that their Power of Faith was very pure. Moreover, it was the voluntary belief of the people in the world.
But the Boundless Sacred Land is different. Their Power of Faith is based on brainwashing and slavery. The Boundless Sacred Land has hundreds of countries. Each country is their slave. Their Power of Faith is based on brainwashing and deception. "
Then, he shook his head and smiled, "The Boundless Sacred Land is afraid!"
Wen Tianyu said in a deep voice, "Why did the Daoting lose?"
Wen Tianyu smiled and said, "Because the Daoting has affected the interests of some people!"
The middle-aged man asked, "Who?"
Wen Tianyu smiled and said, "Us!"
The middle-aged man was stunned.
Wen Tianyu looked down and said softly, "They establish order with the Three Thousand Great Dao. The core of the Three Thousand Great Dao is the Dao Scripture and the Dao Spirit. They want to awaken the Dao Spirit … We Taoism will not let them awaken the Dao Spirit."
The middle-aged man hesitated and did not ask.
It was better not to know some secrets!
Wen Tianyu said softly, "It is not that we have to be enemies with Ye Xuan. But his rise will seriously threaten our interests and even overthrow us!
So, we have no choice. "
The middle-aged man said in a deep voice, "The force behind Ye Xuan …"
Wen Tianyu looked down and said softly, "If it's just those two women, it's actually not that big of a problem … I'm just afraid that there's someone even more powerful than those two women behind him. Although this possibility is very small … it's not impossible!
There was no hope!
Otherwise … "
At this point, he didn't continue.
...
On the other side, in the starry sky, Ye Xuan opened his palm, and the Executing Heaven Sword fell into his hand.
At this time, he had trained his Instant Kill Swordsman skill to the extreme!
Although he was only in the Dao Defense Realm, he was confident that he could kill a Consolidation Realm expert with a single strike. Of course, that was under the condition that he caught his opponent off guard. The key to this instant kill was to catch his opponent off guard!
As if a thought had crossed his mind, Ye Xuan opened his palm, revealing a Storage Ring in his hand.
This was given to him by the white-robed Qing'er before he left!
There was no treasure in the storage ring, but rather a map!
It was a map of an unknown place!
After looking at the map for a moment, Ye Xuan said softly, "Looks like I have to find some time to go there!"
Since this was left to him by the white-robed Qing'er, this place would definitely be of great help to him.
At this time, Bai Dizi suddenly appeared in front of Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan put away the map and looked at Bai Dizi. Bai Dizi said in a deep voice, "People from Xuan City have come!"
Xuan City!
Ye Xuan frowned slightly, "What kind of force is it?"
Bai Dizi shook his head, "I don't know!
However, I've already investigated. What I know is that not only Xuan City, but some mysterious forces have also come to our Fifth Dimension. Some people have already shown themselves, but there are still many people hiding in the dark! "
Ye Xuan said softly, "They should all be here for the Dao Scripture!"
Bai Dizi nodded, "I made a decision on my own!"
Ye Xuan asked with a smile, "What is it?"
Bai Dizi said, "I have already asked all the experts from the Dao Returning College, Xuanji Sect, Xiao Clan, and Xuanhuan Sect to come to the Fifth Dimension.
Currently, we have 46 Consolidation Realm experts, 760 Dao Attainment Realm experts, and thousands of Dao Controlling Realm experts! "
Ye Xuan asked, "All of them are here?"
Bai Dizi nodded, "Almost all of them are here!
After all, there is a complete version of the Dao Scripture here, who wouldn't want to come? "
At this point, he seemed to have thought of something and said, "There is one thing I have to tell you!"
Ye Xuan said, "Speak!"
Bai Dizi said in a deep voice, "The reason why the Daoting Qing Zhu and the others suddenly disappeared was not because they disappeared on their own, but because the Daoting encountered a strong enemy. However, the Daoting has no records of these past events, even I don't know much!
Now, we need to rebuild order, I am worried … "
Ye Xuan said softly, "You are worried that the forces that caused the Daoting experts to disappear will not accept us!"
Bai Dizi nodded, "Yes!"
Ye Xuan was silent.
Bai Dizi said in a deep voice, "I think you can meet some hidden forces. If you can befriend them, it will be very beneficial for us!"
Ye Xuan nodded, "I understand!"
Bai Dizi was about to speak, at this moment, the space in front of him trembled, Bai Dizi looked up at Ye Xuan, "Miss Guan Yin said that the people of Xuan City are waiting for you!"
Xuan City!
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Come, let's go meet them!"
Bai Dizi nodded.
The two left.
...
Dao City, Sword Hall.
As soon as Ye Xuan entered the hall, an old man immediately stood up. The old man cupped his fists towards Ye Xuan and said with a smile, "Young Master Ye, I am Xuan City's Zhao Yan, a butler of Xuan City's City Lord."
Butler!
Ye Xuan glanced at Zhao Yan, this Zhao Yan's strength was at least at the peak of Consolidation Realm.
This kind of expert was only a butler!
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Senior Zhao, please sit!"
Zhao Yan said with a smile, "Young Master Ye, please sit!"
Ye Xuan smiled, "Senior, please sit!"
Zhao Yan hurriedly shook his head, "Young Master Ye, please sit!"
Ye Xuan blinked and said with a smile, "Senior, then let's be casual!
What do you think? "
Zhao Yan said with a smile, "Just what I want!"
The two sat down.
Ye Xuan looked at Zhao Yan, "Senior, did you come to my Fifth Dimension for the Dao Scripture?"
Zhao Yan shook his head, "No, no, we came to the Fifth Dimension this time just to get to know Young Master Ye!"
Ye Xuan looked at Zhao Yan, "Not for the Dao Scripture?"
Zhao Yan said with a smile, "Indeed not for the Dao Scripture!
To be honest, my Xuan City's City Lord wanted to personally come here to get to know Young Master Ye, but now is a special time. If she comes to the Fifth Dimension, it might be a little disadvantageous to Young Master Ye, so she asked me to come see Young Master Ye.
To put it simply, my Xuan City wants to be friends with Young Master Ye! "
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Senior, what you said makes me a little confused!
Can you be more frank? "
Zhao Yan hesitated for a moment, then said, "Young Master Ye, I have already been very frank!"
Ye Xuan looked at Zhao Yan, "Xuan City wants to be friends with me?"
Zhao Yan nodded.
Ye Xuan suddenly asked, "Has Qing 'er been to your place?"
"Qing 'er!"
Zhao Yan was stunned, "Who?"
Ye Xuan said, "A woman in a plain dress!"
Hearing this, Zhao Yan immediately stood up, he hesitated for a moment, then said, "So it's that senior …"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Yes."
Zhao Yan said with a bitter smile, "Young Master Ye guessed correctly, that senior has indeed been to our Xuan City!"
Ye Xuan was silent.
He didn't expect that his guess would really be correct.
Qing 'er has really been to Xuan City!
Needless to say, the reason these fellows came to the Fifth Dimension to be friends with me is definitely because of Qing 'er!
Ye Xuan withdrew his thoughts and looked at Zhao Yan, "Senior, did anything unpleasant happen between you and Qing 'er?"
Zhao Yan hurriedly said, "There was a little in the beginning, but it was a misunderstanding. We have already cleared up the misunderstanding!"
Ye Xuan, "…"
Zhao Yan suddenly took out a spatial ring and placed it in front of Ye Xuan, "Young Master Ye, this is a small token of my Xuan City, please accept it, Young Master Ye!"
Ye Xuan glanced at the spatial ring, and his expression changed!
There were a total of 50 million Divine Fortune Crystals in the spatial ring!
Not only that, there were also some medicinal pills, and there was no need to look at them to know that they were extremely precious!
Ye Xuan didn't accept the spatial ring, he looked at Zhao Yan, "Senior, there is no such thing as an undeserved reward. I cannot accept this gift."
Zhao Yan was stunned, he didn't expect that Ye Xuan would actually refuse!
Zhao Yan said, "Young Master Ye, this is a small token of my appreciation, Young Master Ye …"
Ye Xuan smiled, "Senior, this is not a small token of my appreciation, this is a very big gift.
Xuan City wants to be on good terms with me, Ye Xuan, and I am naturally more than happy to do so. As for this gift … please accept it, Senior!
Also, please tell your Castellan that I, Ye Xuan, will visit another day. "
Xuan City's goodwill was because of Qing 'er, he was very clear on this point.
He was naturally happy that Qing 'er helped him, but he wouldn't use Qing' er's power to do whatever he wanted.
Zhao Yan wanted to say something, but Ye Xuan suddenly looked at Bai Dizi, "Bai Di Xing Jun, help me get a copy of the Daoist scriptures and annotations copied by Zhiming and the others."
Bai Di Xing Jun glanced at Ye Xuan, then turned and left. Soon, he reappeared in the hall, holding an ancient scroll in his hand.
Ye Xuan took the scroll and handed it to Zhao Yan, smiling, "This is the contents and annotations of the first seven Daoist scriptures. Today, I will give them to Xuan City!
This is equivalent to making a good karma! "
Zhao Yan smiled bitterly, "Young Master Ye, you didn't accept my gift, but still gave me such a precious thing. This Old Man doesn't dare to accept it, I …"
Ye Xuan smiled, "Take it back to the Castellan of Xuan City, and tell her that I, Ye Xuan, have received her kindness.
Also, I am very willing to be friends with Xuan City! "
Zhao Yan hesitated, then said, "I will!"
Ye Xuan nodded.
After Zhao Yan left with the scroll, Bai Dizi looked at Ye Xuan, "I suddenly thought of something!"
Ye Xuan was a little curious, "What is it?"
Bai Dizi said, "I sent someone to kill the plain-dressed girl!"
As he spoke, he suddenly slapped himself. "I'm too f * cking stupid!"
Ye Xuan: "…"
....
PS: I have a dream recently, I dreamed that many people rushed to vote for me … I didn't want them, but they still voted for me … Then I became the first in the monthly votes!
And it was more than ten times more than the second place … and I have been on the list for more than ten months …








Chapter 1445
Within the hall, Bai Dizi sighed softly, and he had extremely complicated feelings in his heart.
What sort of power was Dark City?
He didn't know!
But could a power that could casually take out tens of millions of Divine Fortune Crystals as a gift be a small power?
Moreover, such a formidable power had expressed goodwill to the Fifth Dimension just because of a woman in a plain dress. It could even be said to be slightly lowly!
There was no need to think about it to know that the woman in a plain dress was absolutely formidable to the point of causing Dark City to feel despair!
Moreover, he'd even sent people to kill her!
When he thought up to here, he couldn't help but want to slap himself a few more times!
How could I have been so stupid all those years ago?
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "The important matter at hand is to figure out how many powers we don't know about, and we must figure out the ins and outs of these powers!"
Bai Dizi nodded, "Yes."
When he spoke up to here, he gazed at Ye Xuan, "Why didn't you ask Zhao Yan?"
Ye Xuan smiled, "He'll come back!"
Bai Dizi was slightly stunned, and then he took a deep glance at Ye Xuan, "Brilliant!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "I'll go see how their study of the Daoist Scripture is going!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he left the hall.
...
Dark City.
Zhao Yan stood respectfully in a garden somewhere, and a woman was playing chess not too far away from him. She had no opponent and was playing by herself.
A short moment later, the woman spoke softly, "He didn't accept the gift and even gave you the contents of the Daoist Scripture?"
Zhao Yan nodded, "Yes."
The woman chuckled, "Interesting!"
Zhao Yan hesitated for a moment and asked, "What does he mean by that?"
The woman smiled, "He means that he doesn't want to bully us!"
Zhao Yan came to an understanding when he heard this.
To put it bluntly, they'd definitely made friends with Ye Xuan because of the woman in a plain dress, and it was the same for the gift.
Moreover, Ye Xuan's actions were telling them that he, Ye Xuan, wouldn't bully others.
When he thought up to here, Zhao Yan couldn't help but have a good impression of Ye Xuan.
The woman suddenly put down the chess piece in her hand. She stood up and said with a smile, "You go again. You don't need to bring any gifts!"
Zhao Yan said softly, "Just like that?"
The woman nodded. "What he needs the most right now isn't worldly possessions, but an understanding of the various forces!
Send him a copy of the detailed information of all the forces! "
Zhao Yan hesitated for a moment, and then he said, "Taoism and the Boundless Holy Land?"
The woman smiled and said, "Even if we don't send him off, he will find out soon enough!"
Zhao Yan nodded, "Understood!"
He paused for a moment before continuing, "Our people are still investigating the people behind Young Master Ye. Should we continue investigating?"
The woman shook her head. "No need!"
Zhao Yan bowed respectfully and was about to leave. Meanwhile, the woman said, "Young Master Ye is at the Dao Control Realm now?"
Zhao Yan nodded, "Yes!
However, his aura is thick and vigorous. His battle prowess probably far surpasses that of ordinary Dao Attainment realm cultivators! "
After a moment of silence, the woman suddenly said, "Although he has the Dao Scripture, I'm afraid he still has some problems on how to reach the Dao …"
Zhao Yan hurriedly said, "I understand!"
Obviously, the City Lord wanted to help Ye Xuan reach the Dao Attainment realm.
After a moment, Zhao Yan left.
In the garden, the woman slowly closed her eyes and chuckled, "This might be the best chance for my Xuan City to rise …"
Because besides her, there was no one outside right now.
She knew how powerful the woman in a plain dress was!
While everyone was thinking about how to scheme against Ye Xuan, Xuan City was secretly helping Ye Xuan and establishing a friendly relationship … She didn't ask for any other benefits. In the future, a single word of advice from the woman in a plain dress would be enough to change the fate of an expert of her level!
...
In the Five-Dimensional Universe.
In the Sword Hall.
Everyone was surrounding Nian Nian. Nian Nian was reading the eighth Dao Scripture. She was reading it very carefully and would think from time to time.
While she was thinking, no one dared to breathe loudly for fear of disturbing Nian Nian.
At this moment, Ye Zhiming suddenly walked to Ye Xuan's side. She glanced at Nian Nian who was thinking in the distance and said softly, "Is she going to recover her memory?"
Ye Xuan shook his head, "I don't know!"
Ye Zhiming said in a deep voice, "I feel that she is a little different from before!"
Ye Xuan nodded. He looked at Nian Nian in the distance seriously. The current Nian Nian was indeed a little different from before.
But his intuition told him that Nian Nian might not recover her memory so easily!
If she deliberately lost her memory, then there must be a deeper meaning.
At this moment, Ye Zhiming suddenly said, "We have recorded the first to seventh Dao Scripture martial arts and excitement in detail!"
As she said that, she opened her palm and a scroll appeared in front of Ye Xuan, "This is the seventh Dao Scripture martial arts and Dao Scripture mental cultivation method!"
Ye Xuan opened the scroll and three large words appeared in front of him: Fen Tian Jue.
Ye Xuan frowned slightly, "Fen Tian Jue?"
Ye Zhiming nodded, "This is a palm technique. Its power is far above Dao Fist. One palm burning the heavens, if paired with this Dao Scripture mental cultivation method, its power can really destroy heaven and earth. Especially its power, it has a fatal restraining effect on the origin of the world."
As she said that, she looked at Ye Xuan, "This palm is very special, it is specially used to destroy the world. If you cultivate it, you must use it carefully!"
Ye Xuan opened the scroll and took a look. A moment later, his expression gradually became solemn.
The power of this Fen Tian Jue slightly exceeded his expectations!
Just as Ye Zhiming said, the lethality of this Dao Scripture martial arts was too terrifying!
If it was used in the Fifth Dimension, the Fifth Dimension might not be able to withstand it!
Because this Dao Scripture martial arts naturally countered the origin of the world. Once it was used, the origin of the Fifth Dimension would definitely die!
As if thinking of something, Ye Xuan looked at Nian Nian and the others in the distance, "Have the eighth and ninth Dao Scripture martial arts come out?"
Ye Zhiming shook her head, "Not yet!
However, there is some progress on the eighth Dao Scripture martial arts! "
Ye Xuan softly said, "The eighth Dao Scripture martial arts is probably even more terrifying than the ninth Dao Scripture martial arts!"
Ye Zhiming nodded, "Yes!"
As she said that, she hesitated for a moment before continuing, "The Whirling Sect …"
Ye Xuan smiled, "Are you trying to say that the Whirling Sect knows everything about the Dao Scripture?"
Ye Zhiming nodded.
Ye Xuan lightly smiled, "They gave me the ninth Dao Scripture martial arts, I still have to give them this bit of benefit, otherwise, I would be too much of a scum!"
Ye Zhiming nodded, "Good!
One more thing, the Dao Scripture martial arts and Dao Scripture mental cultivation methods that we have recorded … Are we going to give them to the experts of the Fifth Dimension to cultivate? "
Ye Xuan nodded, "Yes!
However, we can't give them to them casually!
Especially the Dao Scripture martial arts and mental cultivation methods, we can make them into a reward, so that everyone has a goal to pursue. If they get it too easily, they won't cherish it! "
Ye Zhiming smiled, "You are really too generous!"
Ye Xuan shook his head, "This is what I originally promised them!"
Ye Zhiming nodded, "Good!"
Ye Xuan glanced at Nian Nian and the others in the distance.
Then he said, "I will go and cultivate this Dao Scripture martial arts first!
If anything happens, call me at any time! "
After saying that, he turned around and left.
Not far away, Venerable Yue looked at the departing Ye Xuan in silence.
In fact, she was a little afraid!
Afraid that Ye Xuan wouldn't let the Whirling Sect study this Dao Scripture!
After all, the Dao Scripture martial arts and mental cultivation methods in this Dao Scripture were too precious!
However, she didn't expect that Ye Xuan still wouldn't let them leave!
It was very obvious that Ye Xuan was really willing to share all the Dao Scriptures with the Whirling Sect!
Thinking of this, Venerable Yue shook her head and smiled. At the beginning, she felt that giving the last Dao Scripture to Ye Xuan for free was not worth it.
However, now it seemed that this was simply too profitable!
The Whirling World only gave away one Dao Scripture, but they obtained eight Dao Scriptures!
At this moment, she suddenly felt that the Whirling World's forces and An Yuan were too stupid!
In fact, Ye Xuan didn't care too much about the Dao Scripture. If they wanted the Dao Scripture, they could totally cooperate with him!
After interacting with Ye Xuan, she realized that Ye Xuan was actually a very easy person to talk to!
If he was so easy to talk to, why did so many people still bully him?
Venerable Yue shook her head, she couldn't understand!
...
Somewhere in the starry sky, Ye Xuan scanned his surroundings. This was a dead star field without any signs of life. This place was the most suitable for cultivation.
Ye Xuan opened his palm and the seventh Dao Scripture martial art appeared in his hand.
Burning Heaven Extinction!
Ye Xuan took a deep breath and opened his palm. Soon, a mysterious force suddenly appeared around him!
The seventh Dao Scripture mental cultivation method!
Every Dao Scripture martial art had to be paired with a mental cultivation method in order to unleash its true power. Therefore, he first cultivated the seventh mental cultivation method!
Mental cultivation methods were easy to learn. In a short while, Ye Xuan had mastered the Dao Scripture mental cultivation method. Next, he began to cultivate Burning Heaven Extinction.
Ye Xuan sat cross-legged in the starry sky. The starry sky around him was dead silent.
After sitting quietly like this for an unknown period of time, Ye Xuan suddenly opened his right hand. His palm was like a piece of magma. It was dark red. Soon, a powerful force appeared around him and the starry sky around him began to tremble!
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly stood up slowly. He frowned and his right hand trembled violently. At this moment, he felt that his right hand was like a volcano!
That force was too violent!
Not only that, he felt as if his right hand was burning!
Ye Xuan's expression became somewhat solemn!
He realized that he had underestimated this Burning Heaven Extinction!
From the beginning, he knew that this Burning Heaven Extinction's force was overbearing and ordinary people couldn't withstand it. However, he had a Dao Physique!
Moreover, it was an upgraded Dao Physique!
But at this moment, he realized that it was still not enough!
The seventh Dao Scripture martial art was too overbearing!
He had to suppress it!
Otherwise, this force would cripple him!
Ye Xuan began to use his own force to suppress it. However, he realized that it was useless!
Moreover, the more he suppressed it with his Sword Dao, the more powerful the violent force became!
Soon, Ye Xuan's right hand began to crack!
Seeing this scene, Ye Xuan's expression changed greatly. He didn't think too much and hurriedly activated his bloodline power. Soon, countless amounts of blood in his body converged towards his right hand. When the blood converged on his right hand.
Boom!
In his right hand, the overbearing force immediately quieted down!
It became obedient!
Ye Xuan: "…"
..








Chapter 1446
In the starry sky, Ye Xuan was stunned.
He really did not expect his bloodline power to be able to suppress this violent power!
It seemed that his bloodline had many functions!
Ye Xuan collected his thoughts and continued to cultivate Absolute Fen Tian.
Since he could use his bloodline to suppress it, it meant that he could control the power of Absolute Fen Tian. If that was the case, it would be much easier!
...
Boundless Sacred Land.
Boundless Sacred Land was located in Boundless Star Region. This star region was a bit special because it was different from other places. This place cultivated the power of faith!
In Boundless Sacred Land, there were hundreds of super empires. These hundreds of super empires were all subsidiary countries of the sacred land!
Faith in the sacred land!
What was different from Daoting was that the faith here was completely enslaved. From birth, people were instilled to believe in the sacred land and to go through fire and water for the sacred land …
Here, the sacred land was god!
An inviolable god!
On this day, a man came to Boundless Star Region.
This person was the head of the Daoist faction, Wen Tian Yu.
Just as Wen Tian Yu stepped into Boundless Star Region, a golden light suddenly appeared in front of him. The golden light dissipated and an old man wearing a golden robe appeared in front of Wen Tian Yu.
Wen Tian Yu smiled and said, "Master Bi Xiu, long time no see. How have you been?"
Master Bi Xiu slightly bowed, "Head Wen, long time no see. Compared to back then, you have become even stronger!"
Wen Tian Yu shook his head and smiled, "Master must be joking!"
Master Bi Xiu looked at Wen Tian Yu, "Are you here for the Fifth Dimension's Ye Xuan?"
Wen Tian Yu nodded.
Master Bi Xiu shook his head, "This matter is not something that you and I can decide!"
Wen Tian Yu smiled and said, "I represent the Daoist faction!"
Master Bi Xiu glanced at Wen Tian Yu, "The Daoist faction's Four Sages, do you represent four?"
Wen Tian Yu was silent.
Master Bi Xiu smiled and said, "It seems that Head Wen only represents the Daoist faction's Earth Gate!"
The Daoist faction's Four Sages had their own legacies. They were Heaven Gate, Earth Gate, Xuan Gate, and Human Gate.
Among them, Second Elder Dao was the Earth Gate's ancestor!
Wen Tianyu smiled. "Even if I only represent Earth's Gate, isn't that enough?"
Master Bixiu shook his head. "Court Head Wen, the white-robed woman shattered the Dark Abyss with a single punch. A Consolidation Realm expert is like an ant in front of her … Moreover, we still don't know how strong she is. Do you think it's enough?"
Wen Tianyu shook his head and smiled, "Since that's the case, then the Holy Land can just wait!
Wait for the rise of this Young Master Ye! "
After saying this, he turned around and left. After taking two steps, he suddenly stopped and turned around to look at Master Bi Xiu. "Master, you should really go to the Fifth Dimension to take a look at the power of faith there. I believe that Master will definitely be very surprised!
Furthermore, Ye Xuan was personally chosen by Master Qing. He would definitely save that Master Qing in the future. At that time, what would the Holy Lands do?
Surrender?
Haha … "
With that, he turned around and left.
The Master of Bisu was silent.
At this moment, a voice suddenly sounded above Wen Tianyu's head. "Where's Second Brother Dao?"
Hearing this, the Master of Cultivation's expression changed, and he hurriedly bowed respectfully.
This was because the person who spoke was the Holy Land's Holy Leader!
Wen Tianyu also bowed slightly. Towards this mysterious Holy Leader, he did not dare to show the slightest bit of disrespect.
Wen Tianyu was about to speak, but at this moment, a shadow suddenly appeared in the sky behind him.
Second Brother Dao!
Following the appearance of Second Brother Dao, a middle-aged man wearing a white robe appeared above the Master of Bisu.
Holy Leader!
Both of them had appeared!
The Holy Leader looked at Second Brother Dao. "You've seen that woman!"
Second Brother Dao nodded.
The Holy Leader asked, "What realm?"
Second Brother Dao shook his head. "I don't know!"
The Holy Leader frowned.
"I don't know?"
Second Brother Dao nodded.
The Holy Leader's expression was calm. No one knew what he was thinking.
Second Brother Dao looked at the Holy Leader. "The price of killing these two people is too great!
If we don't kill them, the price will be even greater! "
The Holy Leader was expressionless. "If we don't kill them, what's the price?"
Second Brother Dao smiled. "First, let's talk about the price of my Dao Faction!
He has already obtained the nine scrolls of Dao scriptures. Once he comprehends the nine scrolls of Dao scriptures, his strength will undergo an earth-shattering change. Most importantly, it is very likely that he will awaken the Spirit of Dao and become the Master of our Dao Faction. "
As he spoke, he shook his head and smiled. "If he is personally chosen by Master, I have nothing to say. However, he is not. Moreover, the people behind him are all Dao Defiant cultivators. It is obvious that he is not on the same path as our Dao Faction!
Therefore, we will not let him become the Master of our Dao Faction. Moreover, we will not let him grasp the Spirit of Dao. "
The Holy Leader looked at Second Brother Dao. "You?
Two or three?
Or four? "
Second Brother Dao smiled. "Fourth Junior Brother and I have reached a consensus!
As for Third Junior Sister, she has been wandering outside all year round. We do not know where she is now.
As for Eldest Senior Brother, he has become obsessed with that Dao Faction. He basically does not care about anything!
Therefore, Fourth Junior Brother and I are in charge of the Dao Faction now. "
The Holy Leader said softly, "Tell us about our Sacred Ground's loss!"
Second Brother Dao laughed. "Holy Leader, why do you ask when you already know the answer?"
The Holy Leader looked at Second Brother. "I want to hear it!"
Second Brother Dao looked straight at the Holy Leader. "He will subvert the Sacred Ground's Power of Faith!
Am I right? "
The Holy Leader was silent.
Second Brother Dao continued, "Moreover, he is the person chosen by Master Qing. Holy Leader, do you dare to let Master Qing and her Great Dao Guardians come out?
I think you definitely do not dare!
Back then, Master Qing almost subverted your Boundless Sacred Ground. Now, there is another Ye Xuan … "
The Holy Leader said softly, "Second Brother Dao, Ye Xuan is not like Master Qing. We will have to pay a huge price to deal with two women who are not in the same realm. Most importantly, we do not know how many people are behind him!"
Second Brother Dao said softly, "Currently, we know that the white-robed woman, Situ Tingyun, the Nether World Hall in the four-dimensional universe, and a woman in a plain dress who is his Dao Guardian!
These people had once appeared to help him! "
The Holy Leader said, "Who is the easiest to kill?"
Second Brother Dao said after a moment of silence, "It might be that woman in a plain dress!"
The Holy Leader asked, "Why do you think so?"
Second Brother Dao said, "I have investigated this person. Her true strength has always been a mystery. However, the Fifth Dimension's Tendo, Mu Niannian, said that she has a 50% chance of defeating the woman in a plain dress. Moreover, she said this more than once!"
The Holy Leader frowned. "50% chance?"
Second Brother Dao nodded. "The Fifth Dimension's Tendo has said more than once that she has a 50% chance of defeating the woman in a plain dress. An expert of her level should not speak carelessly.
Moreover, this time, when the Fifth Dimension and Ye Xuan are in danger, this woman in a plain dress did not appear. Why did she not appear?
There are two possibilities. The first is that she does not know that the Fifth Dimension and Ye Xuan are in danger. However, this possibility is extremely small.
The second possibility is that her strength is not enough to deal with the crisis of the Fifth Dimension and Ye Xuan. Therefore, she does not dare to come.
Based on this, among the people behind Ye Xuan, this woman in a plain dress is the easiest to kill! "
The Holy Leader was silent.
Second Brother Dao continued, "There is one more thing. Previously, I asked the Daoting Taoist Ancestor to search for this woman in a plain dress. Although the Taoist Ancestor is dead, before he died, he told me that the woman in a plain dress is not that strong!
In other words, it is very likely that he died after fighting with the woman in a plain dress.
If this is the case, then it is as he said. The woman in a plain dress is not that strong! "
The Holy Leader looked at Second Brother Dao. "You want to attack the woman in a plain dress first?"
Second Brother Dao nodded. "The best way to deal with these women is to kill them one by one!"
The Holy Leader frowned. "Kill them one by one?"
Second Brother Dao smiled. "If we gather the strength of my Dao Sect and your Holy Land, wouldn't it be much easier to kill one of them?"
The Holy Leader said softly, "That is possible!"
Dao Elder
Second Brother Dao said, "Then let's start with the weakest one. I have already sent someone to investigate the woman in a plain dress. If we find out where she is, we will deal with her first before killing the white-robed woman and Situ Tingyun!"
The Holy Leader glanced at Second Brother. "Don't forget about Ye Xuan. He is a genius and has mastered the nine Dao Scriptures. If he is given enough time …"
Second Brother Dao nodded. "Don't worry. I won't let him have it easy!"
As he spoke, he looked at the Holy Leader and smiled. "Do you know that Ye Xuan has a greatest weakness?"
The Holy Leader asked. "What weakness?"
Second Brother Dao smiled. "His younger sister, Ye Ling!"
The Holy Leader frowned. "His younger sister?"
Second Brother Dao nodded. "I have sent someone to Qingcheng to investigate. This person has a deep relationship with his younger sister, Ye Ling. It can be said that for Ye Ling, Ye Xuan will not hesitate to die!"
The Holy Leader narrowed his eyes. "You want to kill his younger sister!"
Second Brother Dao said, "I have already sent someone to look for Ye Ling. She has appeared in the Heavenly Oblivion Starfield. My people have already gone to the Heavenly Oblivion Starfield. They should be able to find her soon … If we can capture this person, even if we can't force Ye Xuan to die, we can force him to hand over all the Dao Scriptures."
The Holy Leader glanced at Second Brother. "I think you should investigate his younger sister. My intuition tells me that she is not a simple person!"
Second Brother Dao smiled. "Of course!
As a precaution, I have sent five Consolidation Realm experts!
Moreover, I have spoken to the Chi Tribe in the Heavenly Oblivion Starfield. They are willing to help and have sent six Consolidation Realm experts! "
The Holy Leader nodded slightly. "Then it should be foolproof!"
A moment later, Second Brother Dao left.
After the Second Dao Brother left, the Saint Master turned around and left. He came to a mountain, and in the depths of the mountain, there was a small bamboo house. In front of the bamboo house, there was a garden with all sorts of flowers. It was extremely beautiful.
Amidst the flowering shrubs, a woman was watering the flowers with a kettle.
The Holy Leader came to the side of the garden and bowed respectfully to the woman not far away. "Master!"
The woman put down the kettle. She gently sniffed a beautiful flower in front of her and then smiled. "Has the Taoist Faction started?"
The Holy Leader nodded. "Second Brother Dao wants to kill the woman in the plain dress and Sister Ye Xuan first!"
The woman stopped and turned to look at the Holy Leader. She blinked. "Kill the woman in the plain dress first?"
The Holy Leader nodded. "Yes, he speculated that the woman in the plain dress is the weakest!"
The woman suddenly shook her head and smiled.
The Holy Leader hesitated and then said, "Is that not the case?"
The woman gently plucked a flower and smiled. "Do you know who the woman in the plain dress is?"
The Holy Leader shook his head. "I don't!"
The woman looked up into the sky, and the smile on her face gradually vanished. "The woman in the plain dress is called Tian Ming. Over 100,000 years ago, she was already invincible in the world with her sword …. As for Ye Xuan's sister, the soul within her body is probably the soul of the Void Spirit Clan's Patriarch, Tian Xiu, from over 100,000 years ago. He was killed by Tian Ming all those years ago, but that man defied the heavens and changed his fate …. Even though she isn't at her peak right now, she isn't someone that just anyone can deal with."
As she spoke, she walked towards the small bamboo house in the distance. "The white robed woman that appeared earlier is called Butcher. She cultivates both the fist and the sword, and she's one of Tian Ming's clones. She's evenly matched against anyone with her 3 strikes of the sword!
As for Situ Tingyun, that little girl's growth is the fastest apart from that man …. Very few are a match for her with her 3 strikes of the sword!
Besides that, those women from the Netherworld …. "
When she spoke up to this point, she'd already walked over to the bamboo door. She pushed it open and smiled lightly. "If you want to kill Ye Xuan, you can't target the people behind him. Because every single one of them is stronger than the last, and they're strong to the point of despair!
If you want to kill him, you have to make use of the Disaster Cause he possesses!
So, you have to take it slow. "
....
PS: Tickets!








Chapter 1447
Ye Xuan stood silently amidst a deathly silent expanse of the starry sky. At this moment, his right hand was like a piece of burning red iron, and it was an extremely shocking sight.
Absolute Sky Fen!
A Palm Incinerates the Heavens!
Ye Xuan's body gradually started to tremble, and the formidable energy caused his body to be slightly unable to support it!
After an unknown period of time, Ye Xuan suddenly opened his eyes, and then he suddenly slapped his palm forward!
As soon as his palm descended, the space before him started to be obliterated inch by inch, and it was extremely swift. In the blink of an eye, it had spread to a distance of 3km ….
In practically an instant, the starry sky around Ye Xuan had been completely obliterated!
On the other hand, Ye Xuan seemed as if he'd collapsed from exhaustion, and he almost collapsed to the ground.
Powerless!
At this moment, Ye Xuan felt as if all the strength in his body had been sucked out, and he was as weak as an old man. Moreover, his countenance was extremely pale.
Ye Xuan sat cross-legged in the starry sky for around an hour before his countenance gradually turned for the better, and his body slowly recovered as well!
After a long time, Ye Xuan took a deep breath and stood up. At this moment, his body was almost fully recovered.
Ye Xuan glanced at his right hand, grinned, and then turned around and left.
As soon as he returned to Dao City, Bai Dizi appeared before Ye Xuan.
Bai Dizi gazed at Ye Xuan. "Dark City's Zhao Yan is here again!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "I'll go see him!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he arrived at Sword Hall.
As soon as he arrived, Zhao Yan hurriedly stood up and cupped his fists. "Young Master Ye!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Senior, you wouldn't be here to give me a gift again, right?"
Zhao Yan spoke in a low voice. "Young Master Ye, according to what we know, the Dao Faction might be targeting Young Master Ye's younger sister!"
Ye Xuan was astounded. "Targeting my younger sister?
Ye Ling? "
Zhao Yan nodded.
Young Master Ye, your sister Ye Ling once appeared in the Sky Oblivion Planet Zone, which is the territory of the Chi Clan. The Chi Clan has a close relationship with the Dao Sect. Your sister … "
Ye Xuan suddenly interrupted Zhao Yan's words, "Senior, are you saying that the Dao Gate is going to make a move against me?
Why? "
Zhao Yan looked at Ye Xuan, "Young master Ye, could it be that you don't know that the first Abyss Master of the Dark Abyss was one of the Four Saints of the Daoist Sect?"
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "I really don't know!"
At this moment, he realized that he knew too little about the powers outside!
Zhao Yan smiled bitterly and said, "I was negligent!
Young Master Ye, this Dark Abyss was created by Second Elder Dao, and Second Elder Dao is one of the Four Saints of the Dao Sect. The Dao Scriptures in Young Master Ye's hands also originate from this Dao Sect. "
Ye Xuan said softly, "I see!
In other words, this Gate has already started to target me? "
Zhao Yan nodded, "Yes!
Young Master Ye, your sister … "
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "If they want to look for my sister, then let them!"
Zhao Yan said in shock, "Young Master Ye, they have sent several Consolidation Realm experts, you …"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "It's fine, let them go!"
Look for Ye Ling?
When he heard this news, he didn't panic at all, he even wanted to laugh!
What kind of existence was the senior in Ye Ling's body?
That was definitely not weaker than the White-robed Qing'Er!
Looking for Ling 'er, wasn't that the same as courting death?
Zhao Yan glanced at Ye Xuan, "Young Master Ye, aren't you worried?"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "I'm not worried!
Let them look for her!
The more people go, the better! "
Zhao Yan's expression became a little strange.
At this time, Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Senior Zhao, I want to know about the forces outside. I wonder if Senior can help me with this!"
Zhao Yan smiled and said, "Of course!"
As if thinking of something, he said, "Young Master Ye, I wonder if you have any plans to break through to the Dao Realm?"
Ye Xuan blinked, "Can you help me?"
Zhao Yan smiled and said, "To be honest, I came here for this matter.
If Young Master Ye wants to break through to the Dao Realm, we can help Young Master Ye! "
Ye Xuan cupped his fists and said seriously, "Thank you!"
Right now, his greatest weakness was his realm!
His current realm was a little too low!
Zhao Yan looked outside, "Come in!"
As the voice fell, four old men walked into the hall, all four of them were at the peak of the Consolidation Realm!
Zhao Yan took out more than a hundred white jade bottles and placed them in front of Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan was a little puzzled, "These are?"
Zhao Yan said with a smile, "Medicinal pills!
These are my Profound City's top medicinal pills. In the outside world, any bottle can sell for at least several million Fortune Divine Crystals! "
Hearing this, Ye Xuan was dumbfounded.
A bottle can sell for several million Fortune Divine Crystals!
At this moment, he felt that poverty had limited his imagination!
He had many top-grade Fortune Ore veins that could produce tens of millions of Fortune Divine Crystals in a year. In his opinion, he, Ye Xuan, should be super rich!
But at this moment, he realized that he was still too poor in front of these ancient forces!
At this time, Zhao Yan said, "These medicinal pills can help people reach the Dao Realm. Every bottle contains extremely pure energy. Even if you want to buy them in the outside world, you basically can't buy them. Even if you sell them, they can be sold for sky-high prices!"
As he said this, he looked at Ye Xuan and said with a smile, "Young Master Ye, let's begin!"
Ye Xuan smiled bitterly, "I can't afford them!"
Zhao Yan was stunned, and then he smiled and said, "These medicinal pills are a gift from my Profound City to Young Master Ye!"
Ye Xuan was about to speak when Zhao Yan added, "The value of the scripture Young Master Ye gave me is far greater than these medicinal pills. Young Master Ye, there's no need to be courteous!
If you continue to be courteous, I wouldn't know what to do! "
Ye Xuan thought for a moment, and then he smiled, "Then I won't be unreasonable!"
Zhao Yan smiled, and then he passed a bottle of medicinal pills to Ye Xuan, "Young Master Ye, take this pill first!"
Ye Xuan nodded. He opened the jade bottle. There was an elixir the size of a thumb in the jade bottle. He poured the elixir into his mouth. As soon as the elixir entered his stomach, a wave of extremely pure energy spread from his body. At this moment, he felt warm all over and very comfortable.
At this moment, Zhao Yan suddenly said, "Young Master Ye, calm your Qi and focus. I'll help you break through to the Dao Control Realm later. During this period, Young Master Ye, please don't let your thoughts run wild!"
Ye Xuan nodded, and then he sat down cross-legged and calmed his Qi and focused.
He was currently at the Dao Control Realm, and if he reached the Dao Attainment Realm, he would be able to easily kill a Consolidation Realm expert without using the Insta-Kill Sword!
And if he used the Insta-Kill Sword …
Just thinking about it made him excited!
Just like that, Zhao Yan and the others began to help Ye Xuan break through to the Dao Attainment Realm!
...
In the Dao Tomb.
In a certain hall, the Lord looked at the scroll in his hand in silence.
The scroll in his hand contained the contents and annotations of the first seven scriptures, and it was very detailed!
As for the eighth and ninth scrolls, even Ye Xuan himself hadn't studied them, so no one knew the contents of the eighth and ninth scrolls.
Luo Hou suddenly said, "I never expected that he would really give them to us!"
The Lord looked at Luo Hou and smiled, "I feel like I'm dreaming as well!"
Qing Yaoyao smiled, "Actually, he doesn't care about the scriptures at all. It's us who care too much."
The Lord looked at Qing Yaoyao and smiled, "Indeed. Fortunately, we chose to stand on his side. Otherwise, the Dao Tomb would have probably vanished completely by now!"
Everyone fell silent.
With the white-robed woman's strength, she could probably destroy the Dao Tomb with just a sneeze!
Meanwhile, Bitter King suddenly said, "Don't we still have the eighth and ninth scrolls?"
Everyone looked at Bitter King. Bitter King was slightly puzzled, "What's wrong?"
The Lord smiled, "We can't be too greedy!
Even if he gives us the eighth and ninth scrolls, we wouldn't dare to take them. Because giving them to us is equivalent to asking us to die. Understand? "
Bitter King frowned, "Why?"
Chi Yaoyao suddenly said, "Because many powers are coveting these scriptures in secret!
The contents of these seven scrolls are enough for us to use for a few hundred years!
As for the later ones, even though we want to read them as well, we'll be killed the moment we read them.
Those powers don't dare to bully Ye Xuan now, but that doesn't mean they won't dare to bully us!
Understand? "
Bitter King was speechless.
Chi Yaoyao continued, "Seven scriptures are more than enough for us!
Any more and it won't be a blessing but a curse! "
The Lord nodded, "Yes!"
As he spoke, he stood up and smiled, "We've already earned a lot!
We should keep a low profile and develop ourselves. As for Young Master Ye, we can't help him even if we want to!
However, he doesn't need our help!
So, I hereby announce that all the disciples of the Dao Tomb outside are to return. "
Bitter King frowned, "All of you?"
The Lord smiled, "Yes!
You're not allowed to leave for a hundred years! "
As he spoke, he walked to the door and looked at the sky, "The world is about to change!
And we are too weak!
Developing ourselves is the way to go!
In a hundred years, the Dao Tomb will become a great power in the world. Of course, we have to survive!
Haha … "
....
Ancient God Abyss.
Su Zhe had also obtained the contents and annotations of the first to seventh Dao Scriptures from Ye Xuan!
Somewhere at the top of a pyramid, the white-haired elder in front of Su Zhe suddenly said, "Let all of us in the Fifth Dimension come back!"
Su Zhe hesitated, then said, "Master, what do you mean?"
The white-haired elder said softly, "Young Master Ye's matter is no longer something we can participate in!
Obtaining these seven Dao Scriptures is already a great blessing!
If we continue to get involved, we might have a greater opportunity, but it's also possible that we'll be doomed forever! "
Su Zhe nodded, "I understand."
The white-haired elder turned to look in the direction of the Fifth Dimension and said softly, "From today onwards, no one is allowed to leave the Ancient God Abyss!"
Su Zhe said in a low voice, "Master, the eighth and ninth Dao Scriptures …"
The white-haired elder glanced at Su Zhe, "Being too greedy will kill you!"
As he finished speaking, he turned and left.
...
Sky Oblivion Galaxy.
A woman was shuttling through the starry sky, emitting a faint glow around her!
Ye Ling!
Ye Ling's face was expressionless, her expression cold.
At this moment, behind her, a dozen powerful auras were closing in at an extremely fast speed.
Ye Ling stopped and turned to look. At this moment, twelve people appeared in front of her.
All of them were at the peak of the Consolidation Realm!
The elder who led the group looked at Ye Ling, "Miss Ye Ling, we would like to invite you to be a guest of the Dao Sect. Will you come with us, or should we 'invite' you?"
Ye Ling suddenly slapped out.
Boom!
The head of the elder who spoke flew into the air.
The rest of the people were stunned.
Ye Ling looked at the remaining people and slapped out again.
Boom!
One of the Consolidation Realm experts was directly turned into nothingness!
Seeing this scene, the rest of the people's expressions changed drastically!
Ye Ling walked towards the remaining people, her expression cold, "Bullying his sister again!
What does what he does have to do with his sister? "
Everyone: "…"
At this moment, Ye Ling suddenly said coldly, "I'm asking you a question!"
As she said this, she slapped out again.
Boom!
In the distance, another expert of the Consolidation Realm died on the spot …
...
fpzw








Chapter 1448
In the starry sky, the remaining Consolidation Realm experts were shocked to the extreme at this moment!
How could Ye Xuan's sister be so strong?
Didn't they say that his sister was just average?
In the distance, Ye Ling slowly walked toward the Consolidation Realm experts, her expression cold. "Every day, you threaten him with his sister. Is that all you can do?"
One of the old men walked out and said with a trembling voice, "Sir, you …"
Ye Ling suddenly lashed out with another slap.
Boom!
The space where the old man was directly exploded, and the old man himself instantly turned into nothingness.
The remaining people looked at Ye Ling as if she was looking at a devil!
Since when did the Consolidation Realm experts become so weak?
Just one slap?
At this moment, the hearts of the remaining people were filled with fear!
What had they done?
How could such a devil come!
Was this the legendary "courting death"?
At this moment, Ye Ling suddenly blasted out a punch, and a glowing fist mark flashed out.
Boom!
The space in front of Ye Xuan was directly erased, along with the Consolidation Realm experts!
All the Consolidation Realm experts were instantly killed at this moment!
Ye Ling clapped her hands, turned around, and left.
At this moment, a voice sounded in Ye Ling's mind. "Master … I want to see my brother!"
The person who spoke was naturally the real Ye Ling.
Ye Ling continued to walk into the distance. "If you go back now, you will become his burden!"
Ye Ling fell silent.
Ye Ling said again, "Cultivate well with me, and you will be able to help him in the future, understand?"
After a while, Ye Ling said softly, "Understood!"
After a while, Ye Ling disappeared into the vast starry sky in the distance.
....
In an ancient city in the Heavenly Oblivion Starfield, an old man suddenly appeared on the city wall. He looked at the end of the distant starry sky, his eyes full of disbelief.
This person was the patriarch of the Tian Family in the Heavenly Oblivion Starfield, Chi Lin!
Just now, all the experts in the Heavenly Oblivion Starfield were killed!
Six Consolidation Realm experts had all fallen at the same time!
Ye Ling!
After a moment of silence, Chi Lin said softly, "Didn't they say that his sister is very weak?"
...
Dao Sect.
In a certain pavilion, the Second Elder Dao suddenly opened his eyes and frowned.
All the experts he had sent were gone!
After a long silence, the Second Brother said softly, "What a good Ye Xuan, what a good Ye Ling … I underestimated you!"
With that, he got up and left.
Outside the pavilion, there was a stretch of green mountains surrounded by flying cranes.
The Second Dao Brother looked into the distance with a hint of doubt in his eyes. "What kind of force is behind you …"
According to his investigation, there was a soul inside Ye Ling's body, but he never expected it to be so strong!
At the beginning, he thought that only the woman in a plain dress and a few others were behind Ye Xuan, but now he realized that it wasn't just them.
He was very puzzled.
What kind of force was behind Ye Xuan?
Could there really be a force stronger than the Dao Sect in this world?
Daoism!
At present, the Dao Sect was the number one force in the Myriad Worlds because the Dao Scripture originated from there.
If there were no other forces, it wouldn't have any impact on the Myriad Worlds. However, if there were no Dao Sect, the martial arts civilization of the Myriad Worlds would lag at least a million years behind!
Although the Dao Sect became weaker with the departure of the owner of the Dao Scripture, it was still not something that other forces could compare to!
Now, the force behind Ye Xuan made him feel pressured!
What kind of force was it?
At this moment, an old man suddenly appeared behind him. The old man bowed respectfully and said, "I've found it.
Green City, Ye Clan, ancestral temple.
"Ancestors, Ye Xuan has no talent and no virtue … From now on, Ye Xuan's position as the Crown Prince will be replaced by Ye Lang."
The one who spoke was an old man in a black robe.
Not far behind the old man stood a young man with a faint smile on his face.
This person was Ye Lang.
On both sides were the elders of the Ye Clan.
"Why?!"
At this moment, a timid voice suddenly rang out in the ancestral temple.
Everyone turned to look and saw a little girl standing at the door. She was about 12 or 13 years old, and her hands were tightly gripping the hem of her skirt. Her face had a sickly pallor, and she looked a little weak. There was even a trace of fear in her eyes.
This little girl was called Ye Ling, Ye Xuan's younger sister. When she heard that the Clan wanted to remove Ye Xuan, she rushed over despite her illness.
The black-robed old man frowned, "Ye Ling, what are you doing!"
The little girl called Ye Ling bowed to the people in the ancestral temple and said timidly, "Great Elder, my brother Ye Xuan is the Crown Prince. Why did you cripple him for no reason?"
The Great Elder looked coldly at Ye Ling, "This is a matter of the Clan. What are you interrupting for?
Leave! "
Ye Ling was clearly a little fearful. She did not dare to look the Great Elder in the eye, but she did not leave. Instead, she mustered up her courage and walked into the ancestral hall. She bowed to the elders on both sides of the hall and said, "Elders, my brother is currently fighting with the Li family for the mining rights of the mine in Nanshan. He is now fighting for the family, and it is unknown whether he is alive or dead. However, the family has used a groundless excuse to remove his position as the Crown Prince. This is truly unfair.
"Impudent!"
The Great Elder suddenly raged, "Whether he's stripped or not, it's not up to a little girl like you to decide.
Men, drag her away! "
At this time, the new Crown Prince, Ye Lang, suddenly laughed, "You should be flogged 30 times as a warning to others!"
The Great Elder coldly replied, "Then flog him 30 times!"
Very quickly, two Ye Clan guards rushed in.
Ye Ling clenched her fists and said angrily, "This is unfair! My brother has risked his life for the Clan for so many years. Even now, he's fighting for the Clan. The Clan is unfair to him …"
One of the guards glanced at the new Crown Prince, Ye Lang. He knew that his chance to shine had come.
The guard sneered, "Young Master Ye Lang inherits the Crown Prince's position. What are you yelling about?" As he spoke, he raised his hand and slapped Ye Ling's face.
Slap!
A crisp slap sounded. Ye Ling's right cheek instantly turned red and swollen. However, she didn't cry. She just clutched her cheek tightly.
Ye Lang looked at the guard and smiled, "What's your name?"
The guard hurriedly bowed, "This subordinate, Zhang Mu, greets the Crown Prince."
Ye Lang nodded, "You're not bad. After I become the Crown Prince, I'll need ten Personal Guards. From now on, you'll be my Personal Guard."
Hearing this, Zhang Mu was overjoyed. He hurriedly bowed deeply, "This subordinate is willing to go through fire and water for the Crown Prince!"
Ye Lang nodded, "Drag him away. This person is causing trouble in the Ancestral Hall. Do not hold back. Understood?"
Zhang Mu glanced at Ye Lang. When he saw the killing intent in Ye Lang's eyes, he understood.
He immediately grabbed Ye Ling's hair and dragged her out.
At this time, Zhang Mu seemed to have seen something and stopped.
Within the Ancestral Hall, everyone turned their heads to look outside.
Not far from the Ancestral Hall, a young man was walking towards the Ancestral Hall. He was wearing a tight-fitting robe that was tattered and covered in blood.
This person was Ye Xuan, who had rushed back from the Nanshan!
Seeing Ye Xuan, Ye Lang's lips curled into a cold smile.
Within the Ancestral Hall, all the Elders were frowning.
The Great Elder squinted his eyes, his face dark and gloomy. No one knew what he was thinking.
From afar, when Ye Xuan saw Zhang Mu dragging Ye Ling, his face turned savage. "Who gave you the guts to touch my sister?"
When Zhang Mu saw Ye Xuan, his face changed. He quickly looked at Ye Lang and was about to speak. At this time, Ye Xuan was like a ferocious tiger leaping in front of him. Before the latter could react, Ye Xuan's fist landed on his face.
Peng!
Zhang Mu felt his head spin, and he stumbled and fell.
Ye Lang did not stop there. He charged towards Zhang Mu again. At this time, Ye Lang suddenly roared, "Ye Xuan, he's my man. How dare you …"
Ye Xuan suddenly stepped on Zhang Mu's chest.
Pu!
Zhang Mu spat out a mouthful of blood.
Seeing this, Ye Lang's face turned ugly. Ye Xuan lifted his head to look at him, asking savagely, "Your man?"
As he spoke, he stomped on Zhang Mu's face.
Zhang Mu's face turned into a bloody mess, as he screamed, "Prince, save, save me …"
Ye Xuan did not care about Zhang Mu, as he walked to Ye Ling's side. Seeing Ye Ling's state, Ye Xuan felt as though his heart was being cut by a knife. He clenched his fists, and his entire body trembled.
When Ye Ling saw Ye Xuan, her tears flowed, "Brother, it hurts, it hurts …"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan's expression turned savage. In the next instant, he charged in front of Zhang Mu and kicked Zhang Mu's head.
Peng!
Qingcheng, Ye Clan, Ancestral Hall.
"Ancestors, Ye Xuan has no talent, no virtue … From now on, Ye Xuan's position as Prince shall be replaced by Ye Lang."
The one who spoke was an old man in black robes.
Not far behind the old man, there was a youth with a faint smile on his face.
This person was Ye Lang.
On both sides, there were the Elders of the Ye Clan.
"Why!?"
Right at this moment, a slightly timid voice suddenly resounded within the ancestral hall.
Everyone turned to look and saw a little girl standing at the door. She was about 12 or 13 years old, and her hands were tightly gripping the hem of her skirt. Her face had a sickly pallor, and she looked a little weak. There was even a trace of fear in her eyes.
This girl was called Ye Ling, and she was Ye Xuan's younger sister. When she heard that Ye Xuan was to be replaced, she disregarded her illness and rushed over.
The black-robed old man frowned, "Ye Ling, what are you doing!?"
The little girl called Ye Ling bowed to everyone in the hall, as she asked timidly, "Great Elder, my brother, Ye Xuan, is the Prince. Why did you cripple him for no reason?"
The Great Elder looked at Ye Ling coldly, "This is a matter of the clan, what are you interrupting for?
Leave! "
Ye Ling was obviously afraid, not daring to look at the Great Elder, but she did not leave. Instead, she plucked up her courage and walked into the hall. Once again, she bowed to the Elders, "Dear Elders, my brother is fighting with the Li Clan over the mining rights at Nanshan. He is fighting for the clan, and it is unknown whether he is dead or alive. Yet, the clan is using a groundless excuse to strip him of his position. This is really unfair."
"Impudent!"
The Great Elder suddenly raged, "Whether or not he is crippled, it is not up to a little girl like you to decide.
Men, drag her away! "
At this time, the new Prince, Ye Lang, suddenly laughed, "You should be flogged 30 times as a warning to others!"
The Great Elder replied coldly, "Then flog him 30 times!"
Very quickly, two Ye Clan guards rushed in.
Ye Ling clenched her fists, and said angrily, "This is unfair! My brother has risked his life for the clan for so many years, and even now, he is fighting for the clan. The clan is unfair to him …"
One of the guards glanced at the new Prince, Ye Lang. He knew that this was his chance to shine.
The guard sneered, "Young Master Ye Lang inherits the position of Prince. What are you yelling about?" As he spoke, he raised his hand and slapped Ye Ling's face.
Slap!
A crisp slap sounded, and the right side of Ye Ling's face instantly swelled up. However, she did not cry, and only held her cheek tightly.
Ye Lang looked at the guard and smiled, "What's your name?"
The guard hurriedly bowed, "This subordinate, Zhang Mu, greets the Prince."
Ye Lang nodded, "You are very good. After I become the Prince, I will need ten guards. From now on, you will be my guard."
Hearing this, Zhang Mu was overjoyed, and hurriedly bowed deeply, "This subordinate is willing to go through fire and water for the Prince, even if it means death!"
Ye Lang nodded slightly, "Drag him away. This person is disturbing the ancestral hall, do not show mercy, understand?"
Zhang Mu glanced at Ye Lang, and when he saw the murderous intent in Ye Lang's eyes, he understood.
He immediately grabbed Ye Ling's hair and dragged her out.
At this moment, Zhang Mu did not know what he saw, but he suddenly stopped.
In the ancestral hall, everyone turned their heads to look outside.
Not far from the ancestral hall, a young man was walking towards the ancestral hall. The young man was wearing a tight-fitting robe, and the robe was tattered, and there was blood everywhere.
The young man was Ye Xuan, who had rushed back from Nanshan!
Seeing Ye Xuan, Ye Lang's mouth curled into a cold smile.
In the ancestral hall, the Elders frowned.
The Great Elder narrowed his eyes, and his expression was frighteningly gloomy. No one knew what he was thinking.
From afar, when Ye Xuan saw Zhang Mu dragging Ye Ling, his expression turned savage, "Who gave you the guts to touch my sister?"
When Zhang Mu saw Ye Xuan, his expression changed. He quickly looked at Ye Lang, and was about to speak, when Ye Xuan suddenly leaped in front of him like a ferocious tiger. Before the latter could react, Ye Xuan's fist landed on his face.
Peng!
Zhang Mu's head spun, and he stumbled and fell.
Ye Lang did not stop there, and he rushed towards Zhang Mu again. At this time, Ye Lang suddenly roared, "Ye Xuan, he's my man, how dare you …"
Ye Xuan suddenly stepped on Zhang Mu's chest.
Pu!
Zhang Mu spat out a mouthful of blood.
Seeing this, Ye Lang's expression turned ugly, while Ye Xuan lifted his head to look at him, asking savagely, "Your man?"
As he spoke, he stomped on Zhang Mu's face.
Zhang Mu's face turned into a bloody mess, as he screamed, "Prince, save, save me …"
Ye Xuan did not care about Zhang Mu, as he walked to Ye Ling's side. Seeing Ye Ling's appearance, Ye Xuan felt as though his heart was being sliced by a knife. He clenched his fists, and his entire body trembled.
When Ye Ling saw Ye Xuan, her tears flowed, "Brother, it hurts, it hurts …"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan's expression turned savage. In the next instant, he charged in front of Zhang Mu and kicked Zhang Mu's head.
Peng!








Chapter 1449
Outside the bamboo house, Holy Lord's heart skipped a beat.
He didn't know how strong the plain-dressed woman was, but he knew the strength of the woman in the bamboo house.
In any case, he didn't have the confidence to take a single blow from the woman in the bamboo house!
However, he didn't expect that the woman in the bamboo house was so afraid of the plain-dressed woman!
Who was the plain-dressed woman?
How could she make the woman in the bamboo house so afraid!
Holy Lord was very curious!
At this time, the woman in the bamboo house suddenly said, "What are you waiting for?"
Holy Lord came back to his senses and quickly bowed respectfully, "I will send someone to stop the Taoism experts!"
Saying this, he turned around and left.
At this time, the woman's voice sounded again, "You go personally!"
Holy Lord was startled, then he nodded, "Yes!"
Saying this, he disappeared into the distance.
Inside the bamboo house, the woman poured herself a cup of tea. She took a sip and said softly, "The Cause of Calamity …"
...
Xuan City.
When Ye Xuan followed Zhao Yan and the others to Xuan City, Ye Xuan was stunned by the city in front of him.
The entire city stretched across the starry sky like a giant beast, causing people to involuntarily feel a sense of insignificance.
Ye Xuan chuckled, "Impressive!"
Zhao Yan grinned. "My Darkstar City has existed for 160,000 years. During these 160,000 years, we've experienced many things. However, we still exist!"
Proud!
One had to admit that Xuan City was qualified!
At present, even Dao City and Boundless Holy Land didn't dare to provoke Xuan City. Of course, Xuan City didn't dare to provoke these two forces!
Both sides had deep foundations. Once a war broke out, both sides would suffer!
Zhao Yan led Ye Xuan into the city. As soon as they entered the city, Ye Xuan felt countless powerful auras!
Ye Xuan's expression gradually became solemn.
One had to admit that Xuan City was indeed powerful. Although the Fifth Dimension had absorbed so many experts from the Whirling World, there was still a big gap between them and Xuan City.
After all, most of the Whirling World's experts had been killed by the white-robed Qing 'er.
Zhao Yan brought Ye Xuan to a large hall. He bowed slightly towards the hall, then looked at Ye Xuan, "Young master Ye, the City Lord requests your presence!"
Ye Xuan nodded and walked into the hall. The hall was empty except for a woman.
The woman wore a long purple dress, and her long hair draped over her shoulders. At this moment, she was looking at him with a smile.
It was a woman!
Ye Xuan was a little surprised. He never thought that the City Lord of Xuan City would be a woman!
The woman smiled and said, "Young master Ye seems to be a little surprised!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Indeed!"
The woman shook her head and smiled. She slowly walked in front of Ye Xuan and sized up Ye Xuan, then said, "Young master Ye's dao body has already reached the Dao Controlling Realm. Moreover, it was because he devoured the blood of the Naga Dragons that he reached the Dao Controlling Realm, right?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "That's right!"
The woman looked at Ye Xuan, "Young master Ye saved the Naga Dragons!"
Ye Xuan shook his head, "He only brought one of the Naga Dragons out!"
The woman was silent.
Ye Xuan asked, "What's the matter?"
The woman shook her head and smiled, "Young master Ye, do you know who imprisoned the Naga Dragons?"
Ye Xuan shook his head, "I don't know!"
The woman had a complicated expression, "To be honest, I'm afraid that only Young master Ye can bear such a huge karma."
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Miss, what do you know?"
The woman nodded and said with a smile, "The one who imprisoned the Naga Dragons was the Martial Emperor of the Ultimate Martial Realm. This person was almost invincible back then." Ye Xuan hesitated, "Is he still alive?"
The woman smiled and said, "Yes!
He's still alive! "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The woman smiled slightly, "Let's not talk about the grudge between the Martial Emperor and the Naga Dragons!
Let's talk about your dao body! "
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "How should I address you, senior?"
Senior!
The woman glanced at Ye Xuan. Up until now, she had a good impression of Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan was neither servile nor overbearing, and he didn't have the slightest arrogance.
If Ye Xuan was overbearing because of the woman in the plain dress, then such a person wasn't worthy of Xuan City's goodwill!
The woman collected her thoughts and said with a smile, "You can be called Lan Ruo!"
Ye Xuan said, "Senior Lan Ruo!"
The woman glanced at Ye Xuan, "Miss is good!
The word 'senior' is too old! "
Ye Xuan smiled, "Alright, Miss Lan Ruo!"
Lan Ruo smiled and said, "Let's talk about your dao body. If you want to improve your dao body further, you will need the help of external objects. Otherwise, you can only slowly stabilize your physical body over time. However, if that's the case, you won't be able to break through for at least a few hundred years!"
Ye Xuan nodded, "I know!
Therefore, I'm here to ask for help from Miss Lan Ruo! "
Lan Ruo smiled and said, "You've really found the right person!
For now, besides the dao sects, the only one who can help you improve is my Xuan City! "
Ye Xuan looked at Lan Ruo, "Miss Lan Ruo, according to what I know, the dao sects have already started to target me. Isn't Xuan City afraid of the dao sects for helping me?"
Lan Ruo smiled and said, "We're not afraid, but we really don't want to be enemies with the dao sects."
As she said that, she glanced at Ye Xuan and smiled. "I'll also be honest with Young Master Ye. If you fight with the dao sects, we won't send anyone to help you. That's because the price we'll have to pay if we start a war with the dao sects!
However, in private, if we can help Young Master Ye, as long as it's within our capabilities, we'll do our best. "
Ye Xuan looked straight at Lan Ruo, "Just because of Qing 'er?"
Lan Ruo shook her head. "Not just because of that senior, but also because of Young Master Ye!"
Ye Xuan was a little surprised, "Me?"
Lan Ruo smiled and said, "Before we met Young Master Ye, we just wanted to express our goodwill to you and form a good relationship with you. However, after meeting Young Master Ye, Young Master Ye's actions made me have a good impression of you. I think you're a good person, so we can get to know each other better!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Because of those Dao scriptures?"
Lan Ruo chuckled and said, "You can say that!"
Ye Xuan fell silent.
Actually, he knew very well that the reason why the other party was so friendly was mainly because of Qing 'er!
Without Qing 'er, no matter how good Ye Xuan was, Xuan City wouldn't offend the dao sects for him!
At the thought of this, Ye Xuan smiled and said, "If Miss Lan Ruo needs any help in the future, feel free to let me know. I'll do my best to help as long as it's within my capabilities!"
Lan Ruo looked at Ye Xuan and smiled. "Really?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Lan Ruo smiled and said, "I'd like to thank Young Master Ye in advance!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Miss Lan Ruo, you're too polite!
I might only be able to help Miss Lan Ruo in the future, but Miss Lan Ruo can help me now. I'm taking advantage of you! "
Lan Ruo shook her head and said, "Young Master Ye, you're a Swordsman and a straightforward person. I'll be frank with you. If we can get that senior to give us a few pointers, the value of that would be worth more than ten Xuan Cities."
As she said that, she looked at Ye Xuan and said, "If there's a chance in the future, I'd like to ask Young Master Ye to recommend me. Lan Ruo will be eternally grateful!"
Ye Xuan nodded and said, "If I see Qing 'er, I'll definitely recommend you!"
Lan Ruo smiled and said, "Thank you!"
As she said that, she looked outside and said, "Young Master, please follow me!"
After that, she walked out of the hall.
Ye Xuan followed behind her.
Lan Ruo brought Ye Xuan to an underground palace. The underground palace was eerie and the wind was bone-chilling.
Ye Xuan looked around and asked, "This is?"
Lan Ruo smiled and said, "A forbidden area of Xuan City!"
Ye Xuan nodded and continued to follow Lan Ruo. After a while, Lan Ruo brought Ye Xuan to an altar. A huge beast was lying on the altar!
The huge beast was shaped like a dragon and had four horns and six tails. Its entire body was covered in thick, pitch-black scales.
Ye Xuan was puzzled and asked, "What is this?"
Lan Ruo said softly, "An exotic beast, Winged Dragon!"
Ye Xuan looked at Lan Ruo and asked, "The Dragon Race?"
Lan Ruo smiled and said, "You can say that!
However, it's different from the Naga Dragons!
The Dragon Race actually has many, many branches, such as the Naga Dragons, Winged Dragons, Ancient Dragons, True Dragons … After all, dragons are lascivious by nature and like to sow seeds everywhere. Therefore, the entire Dragon Race has many species! "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The reason why the Dragon Race had so many branches was because they were lascivious by nature …
As if he had thought of something, Ye Xuan asked, "Then, among the Dragon Race, which is the strongest?"
Lan Ruo thought for a while and said, "It should be the Ancestral Dragon, the ancestor of all dragons. However, this dragon completely disappeared hundreds of thousands of years ago!"
As she said that, she looked at Ye Xuan and smiled. "If you can devour some of the Ancestral Dragon's blood, your physical body should be able to easily reach the Consolidation Realm. In fact, it might even be possible for you to go beyond that!
Unfortunately, the Ancestral Dragon's blood is extremely precious. Only the Dao Sects might have some of it. After all, the Ancestral Dragon followed that senior back then! "
Ye Xuan asked, "The Dao Scripture's owner?"
Lan Ruo nodded. "The Ancestral Dragon was his mount back then!
Therefore, the Dao Sects might have its blood. However, the Dao Sects will definitely not give it to Young Master Ye! "
Ye Xuan smiled and looked at Winged Dragon in the distance. "Is this Winged Dragon alive or …?"
Lan Ruo said softly, "It's dead!
It was killed by my ancestor back then! "
Ye Xuan nodded. "Understood!"
Lan Ruo looked at Winged Dragon. "This dragon's blood is still here. Young Master Ye can devour its blood later."
As she said that, she opened her palm and hundreds of white jade bottles appeared in front of Ye Xuan. "These are all supreme-grade pills that can strengthen one's physical body. After Young Master Ye devours its blood later, you can use these pills. That way, your chances of success will be much higher!"
Ye Xuan cupped his fists. "Thank you!"
With that, he put away the pills and walked up to Winged Dragon.
Just as he was about to make a move, Lan Ruo suddenly said, "Young Master Ye."
Ye Xuan turned to look at Lan Ruo. Lan Ruo looked at Ye Xuan. "Among the many types of dragons, Winged Dragon is one of the most lascivious. Its blood is extremely Yang and tyrannical. If you devour its blood, you might not be able to suppress the lascivious nature in its blood!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Don't worry, Miss Lan Ruo. This bloodline of mine will definitely be able to suppress that lascivious nature."
Lan Ruo nodded. "Then Young Master Ye, let's begin!"
She had some understanding of Ye Xuan's blood. If he could even devour the blood of the Nagas, then Winged Dragon's blood shouldn't be a problem!
On the altar, Ye Xuan swiped his right hand and Winged Dragon's corpse split open. The next moment, a stream of fresh blood spurted out.
Ye Xuan gently guided with his palm, and the blood directly entered his body.
Boom!
As soon as Winged Dragon's blood entered his body, Ye Xuan's eyes widened. His entire body felt unbearably hot!
Ye Xuan hurriedly activated the power of his bloodline. However, the moment he activated it, he discovered that his body had become even hotter!
What's going on?
Ye Xuan was stunned.
His body was getting hotter and hotter, and a certain part of his body was reacting strongly. Ye Xuan hurriedly tried to suppress it again. However, when he activated the power of his bloodline again, he discovered that his body was reacting even more strongly!
Ye Xuan was horrified. Holy shit, what the hell is this?
In the distance, Lan Ruo looked at the red Ye Xuan and frowned. She said softly, "Could it be that your bloodline is lascivious in nature as well?"
Ye Xuan, "…"
.....








Chapter 1450
On the altar, Ye Xuan's face was as red as burning iron!
Apart from that, all the blood in his body started to boil!
Ye Xuan's expression was extremely ugly!
This was because he realized that his blood could not suppress the Blood of Rainbringer at all!
On the contrary, it seemed to be taking the side of the evildoer.
Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes. He began to calm down and concentrate.
To suppress the Blood of Rainbringer and the Demonic Madness Bloodline!
If he were to be controlled by his own bloodline while he was awake, wouldn't that be too useless?
In the distance, Lan Ruo did not leave either.
Although Ye Xuan was not in a good state, the current Ye Xuan was not a threat to her.
She was the City Lord of Mystic City, one of the strongest in the world.
Even if the Second Brother was here, he might not be able to do anything to her, let alone Ye Xuan!
Lan Ruo just watched. On the altar in the distance, Ye Xuan's expression gradually began to contort. It was obvious that Ye Xuan was in great pain.
If it was just the Blood of Rainbringer, it would be a piece of cake for him.
The problem was that his own bloodline was also causing trouble!
What he really wanted to suppress was actually his own bloodline!
He realized that this bloodline was a little beastly!
Just like that, time passed bit by bit …
Unknowingly, Zhao Yan appeared behind Lan Ruo. Zhao Yan bowed slightly and said respectfully, "City Lord, the Dao Sect has sent six Consolidation Realm experts to hunt down that senior!"
Lan Ruo turned to look at Zhao Yan. "Are you sure?"
Zhao Yan nodded. "Absolutely!"
Lan Ruo said softly, "What is the Second Brother trying to do … I don't really understand!"
Zhao Yan said solemnly, "Perhaps they think that the senior is very weak!"
Lan Ruo asked, "Why?"
Zhao Yan hesitated for a moment before saying, "When I was investigating Young Master Ye, I found out that the Tendo of the Fifth Dimension, Mu Niannian, had told Young Master Ye that she and the plain-dressed woman were evenly matched. Moreover, she had said this more than once!"
Lan Ruo blinked. "She really said that?"
Zhao Yan nodded.
Lan Ruo said softly, "This Fifth Dimension Tendo … She has really caused great harm to the Dao Sect!"
Zhao Yan spoke in a low voice, "That senior is about to enter the Beast Realm!"
Lan Ruo frowned. "Beast Realm?"
Zhao Yan nodded, "Yes."
There was a hint of doubt in Lan Ruo's eyes. "Could it be that she wants to go to the Beast Realm?
Or could it be that she's just passing through the Beast Realm? "
Zhao Yan said solemnly: "City Lord, this Beast Realm …"
Lan Ruo said softly, "You shouldn't be worried about her, but the Beast Realm!"
Zhao Yan: "…"
Lan Ruo asked again, "What about the Boundless Sacred Ground?"
Zhao Yan shook his head, "The people we planted in the Boundless Sacred Land are all dead!"
Lan Ruo said softly, "This place is even more mysterious than Daoism!"
Zhao Yan nodded, "Now I don't dare to send people to the Boundless Sacred Land, because once they go there, they will disappear without a trace."
After a moment of silence, Lan Ruo said, "Forget about them!
Continue to pay attention to the Dao Sect's movements and report to me at any time! "
Zhao Yan bowed slightly. "Yes!"
After saying that, he turned and left.
Lan Ruo turned to look at Ye Xuan on the altar in the distance and said softly, "Second Brother Dao … Young Master Ye is lucky to have an opponent like you!"
...
After an unknown period of time, Ye Xuan's expression gradually calmed down!
He had forcefully suppressed the power of his bloodline!
When he was in a frenzied state, he couldn't do anything to the power of his bloodline. However, when he was sober, he could still suppress the power of his bloodline.
At this moment, Lan Ruo walked in front of Ye Xuan. She took a look at Ye Xuan and said, "Can you continue to absorb the blood of the Winged Dragon?" Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes!"
Lan Ruo nodded slightly. "Then let's continue!
I will protect you. "
Ye Xuan said, "Thank you!"
As he spoke, he started to continue absorbing the blood of the Winged Dragon. At the same time, he started to consume the medicinal pills.
As more and more of the blood of the Winged Dragon was absorbed by Ye Xuan, his body started to tremble while strands of powerful aura emanated from within him. His body started to gradually change.
Lan Ruo gazed at Ye Xuan with a calm expression, but she was slightly shocked in her heart.
She wasn't shocked by Ye Xuan's Dao Physique, it was Ye Xuan's bloodline!
Because after the blood of the Winged Dragon entered Ye Xuan's body, it didn't affect Ye Xuan's bloodline at all!
There had been people in Dark City who had tried to absorb the blood of the Winged Dragon, but all of them had failed!
Because the blood of the Winged Dragon was truly too powerful!
The bloodline of humans couldn't endure the impact of the blood of the Winged Dragon at all!
However, the blood of the Winged Dragon hadn't affected Ye Xuan's bloodline at all. In other words, the power of Ye Xuan's bloodline was far superior to the blood of the Winged Dragon.
Exactly what sort of bloodline is this?
Lan Ruo's heart was filled with curiosity!
Right at this moment, Ye Xuan's body started to tremble!
Inside his body, there was a violent force that was attacking his body!
When she saw this, Lan Ruo suddenly placed her right hand lightly on top of Ye Xuan's head.
Boom!
A powerful aura enveloped Ye Xuan!
In an instant, the violent force within Ye Xuan's body was suppressed!
Lan Ruo said in a low voice, "Your Dao Physique is about to break through. Don't get distracted. The force within your body is the power of the Winged Dragon's bloodline. It's useless to you. Guide it slowly and then disperse it out of your body!"
Ye Xuan nodded, and he started to slowly draw the blood of the Winged Dragon out of his body!
Just like that, Ye Xuan's body gradually calmed down after around two days.
Meanwhile, Lan Ruo retreated to the side and glanced at the corpse of the Winged Dragon. At this moment, the blood of the Winged Dragon had been completely absorbed by Ye Xuan!
When she thought of this, she couldn't help but shake her head and laugh bitterly.
The blood of the Winged Dragon was a supreme-grade ingredient for refining elixirs!
Its value was unimaginable.
But now, Ye Xuan had benefited from it just like that!
But fortunately, it was worth it!
Based on her investigations, Ye Xuan wasn't someone who didn't know how to be grateful. Today, Xuan City had helped Ye Xuan and sowed good karma. Although there was no guarantee that there would be good results, she was willing to give it a try.
Apart from the plain-dressed lady, Ye Xuan was also partially willing.
After meeting Ye Xuan, she realized that Ye Xuan was even more of a monster than they had imagined.
Given time, Ye Xuan's achievements would definitely not be low.
Investing in such a monster would definitely be beneficial to Xuan City in the future.
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly opened his eyes and stood up. The moment he stood up, the space around him shook violently and cracked!
Ye Xuan was stunned.
At this moment, Lan Ruo suddenly smiled and said, "Congratulations, your Daoist Physique has reached the Dao Defense Realm!"
Dao Defense Realm!
Ye Xuan slowly clenched his right hand, and a powerful force gathered in his hand. This force was at least five times stronger than before!
As if thinking of something, Ye Xuan tore off his clothes and looked at his body. At this moment, his body was at least emitting a faint glow!
Beside him, Lan Ruo smiled and said, "With your current physical body, ordinary Consolidation Realm experts can't do anything to you!"
As she spoke, she looked at Ye Xuan's body and said softly, "As expected of the number one Daoist Physique. It's indeed nature-defying!"
After putting on his clothes, Ye Xuan looked at Lan Ruo and cupped his fists. "Thank you, Miss Lan Ruo!"
Lan Ruo smiled and said, "What do you plan to do next?"
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "Miss Lan Ruo, I want you to do something for me!" Lan Ruo said, "Speak!"
Ye Xuan said, "I want to auction the contents of the eighth Daoist scripture!"
Lan Ruo was stunned, then said, "You want to auction the contents of the eighth Daoist scripture?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Lan Ruo asked in a low voice, "Are you short of money?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "I'm short of a lot!"
Lan Ruo looked at Ye Xuan. "You want to nurture those people in the Fifth Dimension!"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Lan Ruo was silent for a moment, then said, "How about this!
Sell the contents of the eighth Daoist scripture to me! "
Ye Xuan shook his head.
Lan Ruo looked at Ye Xuan. "The price I give you will not be low!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Miss Lan Ruo, you've misunderstood me!"
As he spoke, he took out a scroll and handed it to Lan Ruo. "This is the contents of the eighth Daoist scripture. I'm giving it to you!"
Lan Ruo looked at Ye Xuan. "You're giving it to me?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "First, you helped me raise my cultivation base, and now you're helping me improve my physical body. If I were to sell you the eighth Daoist scripture, wouldn't I be too much of a good-for-nothing?
Miss Lan Ruo, I'm giving you the contents of the eighth Daoist scripture. However, I hope you won't spread it, because I'm still hoping to use this Daoist scripture to make a fortune! "
After a moment of silence, Lan Ruo took the scroll and said, "I'll accept the Daoist scripture!
However, I can't accept it for free! "
As she spoke, she took out a storage ring and handed it to Ye Xuan. "For you!"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "I've said it!
It's for you! "
Lan Ruo smiled. "You can take a look first!"
Ye Xuan took a look. His eyelids twitched, and his heart raced.
Lan Ruo smiled. "Take it!"
However, Ye Xuan shook his head. "I've said it!
It's for you! "
Lan Ruo looked at Ye Xuan. "Are you serious?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "A drop of kindness should be returned with a spring of gratitude!"
Lan Ruo smiled. "Then I want the ninth scroll!"
Ye Xuan opened his palm, and a Daoist scripture appeared in his hand. He looked at Lan Ruo and said, "This is the ninth scroll!"
Lan Ruo looked at Ye Xuan and didn't say anything.
Ye Xuan smiled. "Do you think I'm joking, Miss Lan Ruo?"
Lan Ruo shook her head and said softly, "Young Master Ye, I've realized that all of us have underestimated you!"
She turned around and left after she finished speaking.
She didn't take Ye Xuan's ninth Daoist scripture!
The value of the eighth Daoist scripture far exceeded what Xuan City had given Ye Xuan. If she took the ninth scroll as well, then this favor would be completely gone!
Not only that, but Xuan City would owe Ye Xuan a favor!
Moreover, greedy people usually didn't come to a good end!
Moreover, if Xuan City wanted to be friends with Ye Xuan, they had to know their limits. Ye Xuan always had a sense of propriety in his actions and words. Under such circumstances, Xuan City couldn't be greedy.
Inside the hall, Ye Xuan looked at the ninth Daoist scripture in front of him and shook his head with a smile.
He didn't expect Miss Lan Ruo to not take the ninth Daoist scripture!
Since the place had underestimated him, didn't he also underestimate Lan Ruo?
After a while, Ye Xuan left.
...
Somewhere in the starry sky, the Holy Master was running with a few people. They had already raised their speed to the maximum!
They had to stop the Taoists from searching for the plain-dressed woman!
After an unknown period of time, an old man beside him said in a deep voice, "Holy Master, I'm afraid we won't be able to catch up!"
The Holy Master stopped in his tracks. He looked at the end of the starry sky with an extremely gloomy expression. "Damn it, why are they running so fast? Are they rushing to reincarnate …?"
....。
PS: I've been quite busy lately because I'm going to look at buildings. I'm planning to buy a few buildings. Do you guys think it's better to buy a villa or a building?
Also, I'm planning to buy a car with four wheels. Do you guys think a Maserati or a Lamborghini is better?
Or should I buy one of both?
But I also feel that it's a little wasteful … and a little worried.








Chapter 1451
Somewhere in the starry sky, an old man was leading a group of experts as they traveled madly through the starry sky.
This old man was the Daoist Faction's Qing He.
At this moment, Qing He and the people behind him had raised their speed to their limits!
Because they wouldn't be able to catch up if they were too late!
Once the woman in a plain dress stepped into the Beastman Dimension, then they could only watch helplessly!
Because the Beastman Dimension wasn't a place they could step foot into.
So they had to be fast!
Because they were too fast, the starry sky was torn apart inch by inch wherever Qing He and the others passed. It was an extremely shocking scene!
Around an hour later, Qing He suddenly spoke with excitement, "We caught up!"
The people behind him looked up and saw a woman in a plain dress at the end of the starry sky.
At this moment, the woman in a plain dress suddenly stopped. There was an enormous stone stele not too far away from her, and there were four large words on the stone stele: Human Stop.
The border between the Beastman Dimension and the Human Dimension.
The woman in a plain dress continued forward.
Right at this moment, a thunderous voice resounded from behind her, "Stop!"
The woman in a plain dress turned around. The starry sky in the distance was suddenly torn apart, and in the next moment, five people appeared a few hundred meters away from her.
It was Qing He.
The woman in a plain dress looked at Qing He with a calm expression, and there wasn't the slightest fluctuation in her eyes.
Qing He looked at her with a solemn expression. He didn't dare underestimate her in the slightest because he noticed that he couldn't sense her aura at all!
There were two possibilities!
The first was that she had a special technique to conceal her aura. The second was that she was too strong!
Qing He restrained his thoughts and looked at her, "You're Ye Xuan's Dao Protector!"
Ye Xuan!
The woman's eyes flickered slightly when she heard this name, and she nodded slightly.
Qing He stared fixedly at her, "Have you heard of my Daoist Faction?"
The woman shook her head.
Qing He frowned slightly, "You haven't heard of the Daoist Faction!"
The woman glanced at Qing He, "How is he now?"
Qing He said, "You're talking about Ye Xuan?"
The woman nodded.
Qing He was expressionless, "He isn't doing very well!"
The woman's beautiful brows knit together slightly.
Qing He looked at the woman and said solemnly, "Have you really not heard of my Dao Sect?"
The woman in the plain dress looked at Qing He. "Is it your Dao Sect that is making things difficult for him?"
Qing He looked straight at the plain-dressed woman. "Yes!"
As he spoke, he slowly clenched his right hand, and a powerful force condensed in his right hand.
He didn't dare be careless in the slightest when facing this woman in a simple dress, and it wasn't just that, he was prepared to flee at any moment!
His objective for coming here this time was naturally to kill the woman in a plain dress. But if he couldn't kill her, then he would choose to flee decisively!
After all, the people behind Ye Xuan were not simple.
He had already thought of a way out!
The woman in the plain dress was silent. No one knew what she was thinking.
Qing He stared at the plain-dressed woman. "I heard that the Fifth Dimension Tendo and you are evenly matched?"
The plainly dressed woman thought for a moment and nodded. "Yes."
Qing He narrowed his eyes. "What realm are you at?"
The woman thought for a moment and said, "I'm a little taller than you!"
Qing He furrowed his brows. "Above Unity?"
The woman in the plain dress nodded.
Qing He suddenly disappeared on the spot, and in the next moment, a fist imprint suddenly appeared in front of the plain-dressed woman.
The woman raised her sword to block it.
Bang!
As an explosion sounded out, the woman in the plain dress retreated over a hundred feet. However, Qing He exploded violently.
However, Qing He had retreated over 1km!
After Qing He stopped moving, his eyes were filled with excitement. "You really aren't that strong!"
The woman's expression was calm as she glanced at Qing He and the others. "All of you can't kill me!"
Qing He fell silent.
The collision from before had allowed him to gain a rough understanding of her strength. Just as she'd said, she was at most above Unity.
However, they would definitely be unable to do anything to her!
It was too little!
Meanwhile, the woman in a plain dress spoke abruptly. "Why don't you go get more people?"
Qing He raised his head to look at her. "You're not running?"
She shook her head. "I'm not running!"
Qing He frowned slightly. "Why?"
She thought for a moment and said, "I'm tired from walking!
So, let's rest! "
Qing He gazed at her. "Are you sure you won't run?"
She nodded.
Qing He said, "Then just you wait!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he turned around and left.
Meanwhile, the woman in a plain dress spoke abruptly. "Get someone stronger."
Qing He turned around and glanced at her. "As you wish!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he turned around and vanished into the horizon.
However, the four of them who'd come with him hadn't left.
All of them were staring at the woman in a plain dress. Obviously, they were afraid that she would flee.
The woman in a plain dress turned around and gazed into the distance. No one knew what she was thinking.
She didn't want to go back!
Because she was afraid that she wouldn't want to leave once she returned!
However, she had no choice but to leave!
There were numerous Karmic Lines around her that ordinary people couldn't see!
Calamity Lines!
The dense expanse of Karmic Lines coiled around her like a dumpling!
All of them belonged to Ye Xuan!
She couldn't slash them all!
Boundless Karmic Lines!
She just didn't slash them!
In any case, these Calamity Lines couldn't do anything to her!
Actually, she could stay by Ye Xuan's side forever. So long as she stayed by Ye Xuan's side, then no matter how terrifying the Calamity Lines were, they wouldn't be able to do anything to Ye Xuan.
However, she still wanted to find the source!
Who exactly is controlling all of this?
The woman in a plain dress slowly closed her eyes, "Don't let me find you!"
...
Somewhere in the starry sky, Qing He who was rushing towards the Dao Sect suddenly stopped!
Because he'd encountered the Sacred Leader and the others!
Qing He looked at the Sacred Leader, "All of you came to kill that woman as well?"
The Sacred Leader stared at Qing He, "All of you found her?"
Qing He nodded.
The Sacred Leader frowned slightly, "You didn't die?"
Qing He sneered, "All of you overestimate her!
She's just that. "
The Sacred Leader's frown deepened, "Just that?"
Qing He smiled, "Why? All of you think she's very strong?"
The Sacred Leader fell silent.
He was slightly puzzled.
That shouldn't be the case!
There was no reason for Master to lie to him!
At this moment, Qing He suddenly said, "Sacred Leader, are you here to kill this person as well?"
The Sacred Leader hesitated for a moment before shaking his head, "No!"
Qing He was slightly puzzled, "Then why did you come here?"
The Sacred Leader fell silent. Could it be that I'm here to stop you from sending yourself to death?
The Sacred Leader shook his head and said, "Qing He, you've fought her before?"
Qing He nodded.
The Sacred Leader was slightly puzzled, "Is she really not that strong?"
Qing He frowned slightly, "Sacred Leader, why do you think she's very strong?"
The Sacred Leader: "…"
Qing He
Suddenly, he said, "Sacred Leader, you came at the right time. If we join forces, we can definitely kill this person!"
The Sacred Leader hurriedly shook his head, "I'm just passing by!"
As he said this, he looked at Qing He, "Are you going back?"
Qing He nodded, "Although this woman isn't as strong as the white-robed woman, we can't underestimate her. It's still a little difficult for us to kill her, so …"
The Sacred Leader suddenly said, "So you're going back to call for help?"
Qing He nodded.
The Sacred Leader said in a deep voice, "Have you ever thought that this matter is a little strange?"
Qing He frowned slightly, "Strange?"
The Sacred Leader said in a deep voice, "I think she might have deliberately asked you to go back and call for help!"
Qing He said in a deep voice, "You're saying that she deliberately showed weakness?"
The Sacred Leader nodded.
Qing He shook his head, "Absolutely impossible!"
The Sacred Leader was slightly puzzled, "Why is it impossible?"
Qing He said, "Why would she show weakness?"
The Sacred Leader fell silent. He didn't know why she would show weakness!
Qing He continued, "If she's really extremely strong, then why didn't she appear when Ye Xuan was targeted by the Whirling World?
Moreover, if she's really strong, then why didn't she just go to my Taoist Faction and destroy it?
Why did she show weakness?
What's the point of that? "
The Sacred Leader fell silent.
Indeed, he didn't understand. If she was really as strong as his Master said, then why didn't she just destroy the Taoist Faction?
Or did she not take the Taoist Faction seriously at all?
Or did she disdain to go to the Taoist Faction?
Meanwhile, Qing He suddenly said, "According to what we know, she's always called herself Ye Xuan's younger sister, so she definitely has an extremely good relationship with Ye Xuan. If we can capture her, then we can use her to threaten Ye Xuan and make Ye Xuan hesitate in taking action. Moreover, it might even make the white-robed woman behind Ye Xuan hesitate in taking action."
The Sacred Leader looked at Qing He and was about to speak. Meanwhile, Qing He suddenly said, "Let's not waste any more time!
Sacred Leader, let's talk another day! "
After saying that, he turned and disappeared into the horizon.
In the starry sky, the Sacred Leader fell silent.
He still felt that something was wrong. Because his Master had no reason to lie to him!
In other words, there was only one explanation. That was, the woman deliberately showed weakness and deliberately made Qing He go back to call for help.
Thinking of this, the Sacred Leader said softly, "This Taoist Faction is going to be tricked!"
Saying that, he shook his head, "With such a teammate … I'm a little panicked!"
...
Taoist Faction.
Qing He rushed back to Daoting as fast as he could.
In a pavilion, the Second Brother looked at Qing He, "She told you to come back and call for help?"
Qing He nodded, "Yes!"
The Second Brother fell silent, "This matter is a little strange!"
Qing He hurriedly shook his head, "No, I think she underestimated the enemy!"
The Second Brother was a little puzzled, "Underestimated the enemy?"
Qing He nodded, "Although this woman is not good with words, I can feel that she is very arrogant. When she looks at me, it feels like she is looking at an ant!
Moreover, she is a Swordsman and has never heard of our Taoist Faction. Therefore, I feel that she has no idea how strong our Taoist Faction is. In her eyes, our Taoist Faction might be some third-rate force. "
The Second Brother fell silent.
Qing He continued, "I have fought with this woman. Although she did not use her sword, I have a rough idea of her strength.
She is an expert, but compared to the white-robed woman and Situ Tingyun, there is still a big gap. This woman is our breakthrough point. Once we capture this woman, not only can we threaten Ye Xuan and make Ye Xuan hesitate, we can also use this woman to understand the force behind Ye Xuan. It can be said to be killing two birds with one stone. "
The Second Brother was still silent. Obviously, he was a little hesitant because he felt that things might not be so simple.
Qing He was a little anxious, "Second Master, this is a rare opportunity. Let's do it!"
..








Chapter 1452
A once-in-a-lifetime opportunity!
Second Brother Dao narrowed his eyes, "I'll go myself!"
Qing He shook his head, "No need!
As long as you give me ten Consolidation Realm experts!
As for you, Second Master, Fourth Master is in closed door cultivation. Just in case, you have to personally guard this place. "
Second Brother Dao said in a low voice, "Is ten enough?"
Qing He smiled, "Enough!"
Second Brother Dao thought for a moment and shook his head, "We still can't be careless!
How about this, I'll ask the Wen Institution's Head, Wen Tianyu, to go with you. "
Qing He nodded, "In this way, it's basically foolproof!"
Second Brother Dao frowned, "Don't be careless!"
Qing He smiled, "Understood!"
A moment later, Qing He left the Dao Sect with ten Consolidation Realm experts and the Wen Institution's Head, Wen Tianyu, and headed straight for the depths of the starry sky.
Second Brother Dao slowly closed his eyes, and he felt quite uneasy in his heart.
A moment later, Second Brother Dao opened his eyes, and they were filled with coldness.
Who had the Dao Sect been afraid of?
Who had they been afraid of?
...
Somewhere in the starry sky, the Sacred Lord didn't leave with everyone. Instead, he came to the starry sky where the woman in the plain dress was.
He wanted to see exactly who this woman in the plain dress was!
When he saw the woman in the plain dress, the Sacred Lord's expression instantly became solemn!
His strength and knowledge were far beyond Qing He's. The moment he saw the woman in the plain dress, he knew that she was deliberately showing weakness!
This woman was very strong!
But he didn't know exactly how strong she was.
At this moment, the woman in the plain dress turned to look at the Sacred Lord. The Sacred Lord's expression changed, and he didn't hesitate to turn around and leave.
He knew that if he didn't leave now, he might not be able to leave later!
The woman in the plain dress didn't make a move and allowed the Sacred Lord and the others to leave.
The woman in the plain dress stood in the starry sky. She looked into the depths of the starry sky, and she held a small wooden figure in her hand.
This small wooden figure looked exactly like Ye Xuan!
After a long time, the woman in the plain dress withdrew her gaze and looked at the small wooden figure. When she saw it, a rare trace of gentleness flashed in her eyes.
At this moment, the space behind her suddenly trembled. In the next moment, a dozen powerful auras suddenly appeared behind her. Not long after, Qing He and the others appeared behind the woman in the plain dress.
Qing He instantly heaved a sigh of relief when he saw that the woman in a plain dress hadn't left.
All along the way, he was rather worried that the woman in a plain dress would flee. If the woman in a plain dress fled, then it would be equivalent to missing a rare opportunity!
Fortunately, the woman did not run away!
Wen Tianyu, the head of the academy, said abruptly, "Retreat!"
Retreat?
Qing He was stunned when he heard Wen Tianyu, and then he said, "What do you mean by that?"
Wen Tianyu looked at Qing He. "Retreat!"
With that, he turned around and left.
At this moment, Wen Tianyu's expression was extremely solemn. To be exact, he was a little nervous.
The instant he saw her, he knew that she wasn't an ordinary person.
This was a conspiracy!
Therefore, he decisively chose to leave!
However, it was a little too late.
A wisp of sword light had pierced through his glabella!
It was completely silent!
Wen Tianyu stood rooted to the ground, his eyes glazed over.
When did she use her sword?
He didn't know!
He only knew that he was dead!
On the other hand, Qing He and the others were stunned. Wen Tianyu is dead?
As if he'd thought of something, Qing He turned around to look at the woman in a plain dress, and his voice trembled as he said, "It's you …."
The woman glanced at Qing He. "How boring!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she turned around and left.
Qing He was about to speak when the heads of over a dozen experts flew into the air.
The heads of more than a dozen experts flew out one after another. Fresh blood gushed out like a fountain. It was extremely bloody.
Qing He was slightly stunned. In next to no time, he covered his neck with both hands because his throat had suddenly split open and blood sprayed out!
Qing He was horrified, and his soul was about to flee. At his level, even if his body was destroyed, so long as his soul remained, then he could be reborn.
However, when his soul was about to flee, he noticed to his astonishment that his soul was gradually vanishing.
Qing He stood on the spot.
He knew that he was dead!
His soul had been obliterated!
Qing He raised his head to look at the woman in a plain dress. "Is it fun to act weak …?"
In the distance, the woman didn't even turn around. She felt that she was wasting time.
Such a weak person shouldn't be a threat to her brother. Let him play by himself!
In the battlefield, Qing He wanted to inform his second brother before he died, but he was powerless to do so.
Right now, he only had a sliver of consciousness. His soul and body had been erased.
This sliver of consciousness had no roots or roots, so it had no meaning. Moreover, this sliver of consciousness was also vanishing.
That sword had directly erased everything he had!
Tens of thousands of years of cultivation, gone in an instant!
....
In the distance, the woman in a plain dress had already stepped into the Beastman World. The moment she stepped into the Beastman World, a voice suddenly sounded from the distant starry sky. "Human, this is the Beastman World."
The woman didn't stop and continued to walk into the distance.
At this moment, a shadow suddenly appeared not far away from the woman in a plain dress. The shadow gradually solidified, and soon, an expert with the face of a beast appeared in front of the woman in a plain dress.
This Beastman expert looked at the woman in a plain dress. "This is the Beastman World!"
The woman in a plain dress looked at the Beastman expert. "Excuse me!"
The Beastman expert looked straight at the woman in a plain dress. "No!"
The woman in a plain dress suddenly pulled out her sword.
Hiss!
A strand of sword light tore through the sky. The Beastman expert's pupils constricted. He wanted to resist, but as soon as the thought arose in his mind, his head flew into the air!
However, the strand of sword light didn't disappear. It tore through the sky and traveled a distance of 500,000km!
The starry sky within 500,000km was destroyed inch by inch!
This sword had directly destroyed the border between the Beastman World and the Human World.
At this moment, the entire Beastman World was shocked.
A human expert had invaded?
At this moment, a middle-aged man appeared in front of the woman in a plain dress. The middle-aged man didn't seem much different from a human, and the only difference was his eyes. His eyes were dark purple.
The middle-aged man looked at the woman in a plain dress with an extremely solemn expression.
Danger!
That was what he felt at this moment!
How many years has it been since he felt danger?
The woman didn't stop and continued forward.
The middle-aged man said in a low voice, "Human, my Beastman Race once signed an agreement with your Dao Sect's ancestor to not invade our race. Why have you come to invade my Beastman Race!?"
The woman in a plain dress looked at the middle-aged man. "I'm just passing by!"
The middle-aged man was stunned, and then he said, "You're just passing by … Then why did you kill people and destroy this world!?"
The woman in a plain dress looked at the middle-aged man. "You're not satisfied?"
The middle-aged man: "…"
The woman in a plain dress continued forward.
The middle-aged man fell silent.
When the woman passed by the middle-aged man, she turned around and glanced at him, "Compared to those people from before, you don't seem so weak."
The middle-aged man: "…"
The woman in a plain dress opened her palm, and the little wooden figure appeared in her hand. She looked at the middle-aged man. "This is my brother!"
The middle-aged man glanced at the little wooden figure and hesitated for a moment. "What do you mean!?"
Su?
The woman in a plain dress said, "Perhaps he will come here one day. If he does, give me some face and don't bully him, alright?"
The middle-aged man looked at the woman in a plain dress. "What if I don't agree?"
The woman opened her palm.
A sword suddenly flew out. The sword shot into the depths of the starry sky and arrived at the Beastman World. In an instant, the entire starry sky turned illusory!
The middle-aged man's expression changed drastically when he saw this scene!
This woman wants to destroy the entire Beastman World!
As the sword descended, the entire Beastman World started to collapse inch by inch!
True collapse!
Under this sword, even the origin of the entire Beastman World was dissipating.
The middle-aged man hurriedly said, "Senior … please have mercy!
I, I agree! "
At this moment, he suddenly understood that this woman was not just a little stronger than him, but many, many, many, many, many points!
He could not block that sword!
The Beastman World could not block it either!
The woman in a plain dress looked at the middle-aged man expressionlessly. "Too late!"
As she spoke, her right hand pressed down lightly. The sword sank down and the sky above the Beastman World darkened.
The middle-aged man said with a trembling voice, "Senior … please have mercy!"
He had never been so humble in his life!
When had the Beastman Race ever suffered such humiliation?
He also wanted to fight, he also wanted to be unyielding!
But his strength did not allow him to!
The moment this woman in a plain dress attacked, he felt despair!
This woman was so powerful that he felt despair!
At this moment, the woman in a plain dress stopped. After a moment of silence, she said, "For my brother's sake, I will ask you again."
As she spoke, she took out the little wooden figure. "This is my brother!
If he comes here, don't bully him, alright? "
The middle-aged man hurriedly said, "Alright, alright, alright!"
The woman in a plain dress nodded. "Wouldn't everything be fine if you answered like that just now?"
The middle-aged man laughed bitterly. I didn't know you were so abnormal!
The woman in a plain dress did not speak further. She walked towards the distance, but she stopped in next to no time. The middle-aged man's expression instantly changed when he saw this.
The woman in a plain dress turned to glance at the middle-aged man. "There is a familiar aura here … Do you know a little girl with a horn on her head?"
A little girl with a horn on her head?
The middle-aged man was stunned, and then he said with a trembling voice, "Senior, you know Miss Erya?"
The woman in a plain dress nodded. "Has she been here?"
The middle-aged man nodded and said respectfully, "Yes, she has passed by here … Senior, what is your relationship with Miss Erya?"
The woman in a plain dress thought for a moment and said, "Enemy!"
Enemy!
The middle-aged man's expression was slightly strange. "Enemy?
Senior … that Miss Erya is very, very strong. She said that besides her brother, no one is a match for her … "
The woman in a plain dress had a calm expression. "Did she say that?"
The middle-aged man nodded. "Yes!"
The woman in a plain dress did not speak. She turned around and continued forward.
The middle-aged man hesitated for a moment and said, "Senior, do you need us to take care of your brother?"
The woman in a plain dress did not even turn her head. "Up to you!"
The middle-aged man nodded and felt relieved. He did not really want to get involved in these things. Especially to take care of a human, he was still slightly disgusted and resistant.
At this moment, the woman in a plain dress said, "You can take care of him or not. But if anything happens to him, all of you will be buried with him!"
The middle-aged man was petrified on the spot.
F * ck me …
...
PS: Tickets have been scarce recently. Do you still have tickets?
If you do, can you lend me some?
I'm borrowing, not asking!
Lend!








Chapter 1453
Taoism.
Second Elder Dao, who was sitting cross-legged in the wooden house, suddenly opened his eyes. At this moment, an old man suddenly appeared in front of him, and the old man said in a low voice, "Qinghe and Dean Wen have all fallen."
All fallen!
Second Elder Dao was surprisingly calm.
The old man glanced at Second Elder Dao and said, "Second Elder …"
Second Elder Dao slowly closed his eyes, "I understand!"
The old man bowed slightly and left.
Second Elder Dao was silent for a long time in the wooden house, and then he stood up and left.
Second Elder Dao walked towards the back of the mountain, and before long, he arrived before a mountain wall. He looked at the mountain wall in front of him and said softly, "The Taoism is in danger!"
After a moment of silence, the mountain wall suddenly trembled, and then it split open, and an old man in a gray robe walked out.
The old man looked at Second Elder Dao, "The Taoism is in danger?"
Second Elder Dao nodded, "Ask everyone who is in closed door cultivation to come out!"
The old man frowned slightly, "What exactly happened?"
Second Elder Dao said softly, "The nine Dao scriptures have been gathered, and the spirit of the Grand Dao is about to appear!"
The old man was stunned, "Isn't that a good thing?"
Second Elder Dao looked at the old man, "Those who possess the nine Dao scriptures are the mortal enemies of the Taoism!"
The old man in gray was speechless.
Second Elder Dao said, "Mu Xing, I want to immediately recall all the disciples in Wuyuan, and all the elders and protectors who are in closed door cultivation to come out immediately."
Mu Xing said in a low voice, "Is it that serious?"
Second Elder Dao glanced at Mu Xing, "The Taoism has lost more than 20 experts so far, including Qinghe and the Dean of the Wen Academy!"
Mu Xing's expression became serious when he heard this.
Second Elder Dao slowly closed his eyes, "I want to see how strong the forces behind Ye Xuan are!
Let's see if they can destroy the Taoism! "
....
Boundless Sacred Ground.
The Holy Lord came to the small bamboo house once more, and he said in a low voice, "Master, all the people from the Taoism have fallen, including the Dean of the Wen Academy, Wen Tianyu!"
Within the bamboo house, the woman picked up the teacup and took a light sip, and then she said softly, "Isn't this very normal?"
The Holy Lord said in a low voice, "Master, that woman in a plain dress is extremely dangerous!"
"Danger?"
The woman smiled and said, "You underestimated her too much!
She's not dangerous, she's terrifying. She's the most dangerous person in the world, and also the most terrifying person. "
The Holy Lord hesitated for a moment and then asked, "Master, why do you know that woman in a plain dress so well?"
The woman smiled and did not answer the question. Instead, she stood up and left the bamboo house. Outside the bamboo house, the Sacred Leader hurriedly bowed.
The woman looked at the end of the horizon and said softly, "The Second Daoist probably won't give up, right?"
The Sacred Master nodded. "I've already received news that he has begun to recall all the Dao Sect's disciples who are outside."
The woman asked, "Is he going to start attacking Ye Xuan?"
Holy Master shook his head. "From what I know, he might be trying to destroy the forces behind Ye Xuan!"
The woman was stunned, and then she said, "Why isn't he looking for Ye Xuan directly? Why is he looking for the forces behind Ye Xuan?"
The Sacred Leader hesitated for a moment and said, "Perhaps he feels that the forces behind Ye Xuan are a huge threat …. So, he wants to deal with the forces behind Ye Xuan first!"
The woman suddenly asked, "Is the Second Daoist an idiot?"
The Sacred Leader was speechless.
The woman shook her head. "The Dao Sect's ancestor is quite a figure, so why did he take in such an idiot?
I can't figure it out! "
The Sacred Leader hesitated for a moment and said, "Actually, the Second Daoist is very strong!
However, they're used to being superior!
After all, the Dao Sect was practically invincible all those years ago, and the Four Saints of the Dao Sect were extremely famous …. The Dao Sect has never suffered such humiliation, and this is probably the first time. "
The woman smiled and said, "Actually, it's fine. I don't want Ye Xuan to be so free and unfettered. It's not a bad thing for us to have the Dao Sect cause trouble for him!"
The Sacred Leader said in a low voice, "Master, Ye Xuan is auctioning the contents of the eighth scripture in Xuan City …."
The woman glanced at the Sacred Leader. "You want it?"
The Sacred Leader nodded.
The woman smiled and said, "Then go and bid for it!"
The Sacred Leader wanted to say something but hesitated.
The woman said softly, "You want to ask if the people behind Ye Xuan are so terrifying, why do we still want to be enemies with them, right?"
The Sacred Leader nodded.
The woman smiled and said, "This is a grudge between me and them."
The Sacred Leader bowed slightly and didn't ask any further questions.
A moment later, the Sacred Leader left.
The woman looked up into the sky, and her smile gradually turned cold as she thought of something.
...
Xuan City.
A grand auction was about to be held under the arrangements of Lan Ruo, the City Lord of Xuan City.
There was only one thing to be auctioned in this auction!
The Dao Scripture!
The contents of the eighth scripture!
Countless forces and experts rushed to Xuan City when they heard the news.
At this moment, Xuan City was unprecedentedly bustling.
City Lord Manor, inside the hall.
Lan Ruo looked at Ye Xuan. "How many fortune divine crystals are you going to auction?"
Ye Xuan asked, "Are the fortune divine crystals the common currency now?"
Lan Ruo nodded. "Yes!
Of course, some precious elixirs are also counted. However, these elixirs are too rare and hard to come by. "
Ye Xuan thought for a moment and said, "Then let's go with the fortune divine crystals!
In Miss Lan Ruo's opinion, how many fortune divine crystals can the contents of the eighth scripture be sold for? "
Lan Ruo looked at Ye Xuan. "A priceless treasure that can't be estimated!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "There shouldn't be anyone coming to snatch it, right?"
Lan Ruo smiled and said, "You can rest assured in Xuan City unless all the experts from the Dao sects rush here."
Ye Xuan cupped his fists and said, "Then I'll have to trouble Miss Lan Ruo this time!"
Lan Ruo smiled and said, "You're welcome!"
At this moment, an old man walked in and bowed slightly. "City Lord, everything is ready!"
Lan Ruo looked at Ye Xuan and smiled. "Young Master Ye, let's go!"
Ye Xuan nodded and said, "Alright!"
Under Lan Ruo's lead, Ye Xuan arrived at the auction site. Ye Xuan scanned the area and realized that there were very few people around. There were only a few dozen of them!
Lan Ruo smiled and said, "We've done a screening. After all, there are only a few powerful forces."
Ye Xuan nodded and said, "Alright!"
Lan Ruo pointed to the round stage in the distance and said, "Young Master Ye, are you going to do it yourself, or do you want one of us to do it?"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "I'll do it!"
With that, he appeared on the round stage.
At this moment, everyone's eyes fell on Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan glanced at the surroundings and noticed that the weakest amongst them was at the Consolidation Realm. Besides that, there were a few extremely powerful auras!
He even saw three familiar faces!
Nan Yue Xiu, Nan Yueqi, and Nan Yueqing!
The Nan Yue Clan!
When he saw Ye Xuan look over, Nan Yue Xiu smiled as a greeting!
Ye Xuan cupped his fists and looked around. "Everyone, I won't waste my breath!
Let's get straight to the point! "
As he spoke, he opened his palm and an ancient scroll appeared in his hand. "The contents of the eighth Daoist scripture. The starting price …"
He hesitated for a moment and looked at Lan Ruo. Lan Ruo smiled and raised a finger.
Ye Xuan immediately said, "The starting price is 10,000,000 Fortune Crystals!"
Lan Ruo was stunned when he heard this, and everyone else was stunned as well.
10,000,000 Fortune Crystals?
The silence was terrifying!
The atmosphere was very strange!
Ye Xuan gazed at Lan Ruo. Lan Ruo hesitated for a moment, and then he said via voice transmission, "I mean, 1,000,000,000!"
1,000,000,000!
Ye Xuan's face froze.
He realized that he seemed to have underestimated this scripture!
Lan Ruo continued, "This scripture is a precious treasure of the Daoist Path, and it's even the eighth volume. Its value can't be measured with money!
Actually, a bid of 1,000,000,000 is too little! "
Ye Xuan was a little embarrassed. He was a little embarrassed!
Lan Ruo rolled his eyes at Ye Xuan, and then he shouted, "100,000,000!"
100,000,000!
The atmosphere instantly returned to normal when Lan Ruo from Xuancheng made a bid!
At this moment …
An old man said in a hoarse voice, "200,000,000!"
"300,000,000!"
"500,000,000 …"
The price rose higher and higher.
Ye Xuan was quite excited. Just as Lan Ruo had said, he had underestimated this scripture!
The price rose higher and higher, and it didn't take long for it to reach 1,100,000,000!
1,100,000,000 Fortune Crystals!
Ye Xuan fell silent.
1.1 billion Fortune Divine Crystals ah!
How many experts would he be able to nurture if he brought them to the Fifth Dimension!
I'm still too poor!
He'd already made up his mind. He would auction off the ninth volume once he finished studying it!
Right at this moment, a voice suddenly resounded. "3,000,000,000!"
3,000,000,000!
As soon as this was said, the surroundings fell silent once more.
Ye Xuan looked at the person who'd spoken. It was an old man in a black robe, and his face couldn't be seen.
Lan Ruo glanced at the old man as well, and then she sent a voice transmission to Ye Xuan. "The Ancient Race!
He's extremely strong! "
Ye Xuan nodded, and then he glanced at the surroundings and said, "Is there anyone else who has a higher bid than this senior?"
The surroundings fell silent.
Ye Xuan was about to speak when a voice suddenly resounded. "Young Master Ye, my Southyue Race doesn't have that many Fortune Crystals, but we can use medicinal pills to exchange for them."
As he spoke, he waved his right hand, and a few hundred bottles of medicinal pills appeared in front of Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan glanced at the medicinal pills, and then he turned to look at Lan Ruo. Lan Ruo glanced at the medicinal pills and said, "They're worth over 3,000,000,000 Fortune Crystals!
These medicinal pills are sufficient to allow a huge batch of Dao Formation Realm experts to appear in the Fifth Dimension! "
A huge batch of Dao Formation Realm experts!
Ye Xuan was slightly tempted.
Meanwhile, the old man from the Ancient Race suddenly said, "It's medicinal pills!
My Ancient Race has them as well! "
As soon as he finished speaking, he opened his palm, and a few hundred bottles of medicinal pills appeared in front of Ye Xuan.
The old man looked at Ye Xuan. "Young Master Ye, what do you think about 3,000,000,000 and these medicinal pills?"
Ye Xuan turned to look at Nanyue Xiu, but the latter remained silent.
The value of the Dao Scriptures far exceeded these medicinal pills, but if the Southyue Race continued to buy them, then it would truly be a huge blow!
When Nanyue Xiu remained silent, Ye Xuan looked at the old man and smiled. "Deal!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he flicked his finger, and the scroll landed in front of the old man.
The old man was very straightforward, and he flicked his finger, and a spatial ring landed in front of Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan glanced at it, and there were exactly 3,000,000,000 medicinal pills within it!
The old man was about to leave when Ye Xuan suddenly said, "I wonder if there are any from the Daoist Faction!"
The Daoist Faction!
Everyone looked at Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan smiled. "There aren't any?"
Meanwhile, an old man suddenly appeared not too far away from Ye Xuan, and he gazed at Ye Xuan. "What?"
It was obvious that he was from the Daoist Faction.
Ye Xuan glanced at everyone here, and then he pointed at the old man. "I'll give the eighth scripture to anyone who kills him for free!"
The surroundings fell silent.
The old man sneered. "Who dares?"
Right at this moment, a cold light flashed through the surroundings.
The old man's expression changed drastically, and he turned around abruptly. In the next moment, the cold light had already pierced through his forehead!
His soul was annihilated!
At the same time, a shadow appeared not too far away from Ye Xuan.
The shadow was hazy and couldn't be seen clearly.
In the field, everyone looked at the shadow.
What guts!
The shadow extended his right hand to Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan flicked his finger, and an ancient scroll appeared in front of the shadow.
The shadow glanced at the scroll, then turned around and left.
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Do you have any thoughts on the ninth scripture?"
The shadow stopped. A moment later, he said, "Who should I kill?"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Ten Dao Sect Consolidation Realm powerhouses!"
The shadow fell silent.
Ye Xuan looked around and smiled. "I'll give the eighth scripture to anyone who kills a Dao Consolidation Realm cultivator. I'll give the ninth scripture to anyone who kills ten!
If there are more than twenty, I'll take them to the Ninth Dimension to play! "
Everyone: "…"
...








Chapter 1454
The Ninth Dimension!
Rumor had it that the Ninth Dimension was the Son of the Dimension!
However, no one really believed it. However, the power behind Ye Xuan was too mysterious!
Did this guy really come from the Ninth Dimension?
But where was the Ninth Dimension?
Everyone was puzzled.
At this moment, the figure in front of Ye Xuan said, "Kill ten and you'll give me the ninth Dao Scripture. Really?"
Ye Xuan pointed at himself. "When have I ever lied to anyone?"
The figure said, "Wait!"
After saying that, he disappeared.
The people in the hall were silent.
Killing a Consolidation Realm expert could exchange for the eighth Dao Scripture!
That was really worth it!
But that was the Dao Sect!
Although they were tempted, they did not dare to act!
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly smiled. "Everyone, I know you don't want to be enemies with the Dao Sect!
However, if you can't do it in the open, you can do it in the dark!
In any case, as long as you hide well, who will know it was you who killed them? "
Everyone took a look at Ye Xuan. Damn it. This guy is so bad!
Ye Xuan smiled. "Why is the Dao Sect so powerful?
That's because they have the Dao Scripture. If you get the eighth and ninth Dao Scripture, you can also be as powerful!
The opportunity is right in front of you, it would be a pity if you don't cherish it! "
At this moment, a voice suddenly sounded from the dark. "We can also choose to kill you!"
Everyone looked at Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan was silent for a moment. The next moment, a powerful bloodline power suddenly swept out from his body.
Boom!
The surrounding space directly trembled!
After seeing the power of Ye Xuan's bloodline, everyone's expression changed!
Lan Ruo's expression gradually became solemn.
Ye Xuan smiled. "I think everyone must be very curious about my background …"
As he said that, he looked at everyone and smiled. "To tell you the truth, I am the son of the Ninth Dimension. This bloodline is the first bloodline of the Ninth Dimension, the Crazy Demon Bloodline."
The son of the Ninth Dimension!
The hall became silent!
Naturally, they did not believe it!
But Ye Xuan's bloodline was really too strange!
Too powerful!
And they had never heard of this bloodline!
This was very abnormal!
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Everyone should have investigated me, Ye Xuan. Everyone should be very clear about what kind of person I, Ye Xuan, am.
First, I only want to protect my Five-Dimensional Universe. I have no interest in your territories!
Secondly, in my heart, the Daoist scriptures are like dung. Why?
Because in our Nine Dimensions, this kind of thing is really just so-so. "
After saying this, he looked at everyone. "Everyone should know what I, Ye Xuan, have done in the Fifth Dimension. I, Ye Xuan, like to make friends. If everyone is willing to be friends with me, Ye Xuan, I will give you Dao Scriptures for free!
Let's cultivate together and become stronger together!
I, Ye Xuan, never eat alone.
If you don't want to be friends with me, that's fine too. My way of thinking is that even if we can't be friends, we shouldn't be enemies!
As long as everyone doesn't become enemies with me, Ye Xuan, I, Ye Xuan, will never offend any of you. "
Everyone in the hall was silent.
Lan Ruo glanced at Ye Xuan and remained silent. No one knew what he was thinking.
At this moment, Ye Xuan said, "It's fine if you don't want to get involved in this. As long as you kill the people from the Daoist Faction, I will give you the contents of the Dao Scriptures."
No one in the hall said anything.
At this moment, many people already had some ideas. However, they were not stupid enough to express them here!
Killing an expert from the Daoist Faction would give them the contents of the eighth volume!
This was too worth it!
The temptation was huge!
Many people were tempted!
It was worth the risk!
Soon, some people in the hall left.
Everyone left.
After everyone left, Lan Ruo walked in front of Ye Xuan and smiled. "They will make a move!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Will they?"
Lan Ruo looked at Ye Xuan. "If I didn't get the eighth volume of the Dao Scriptures, I would definitely do that!
Killing one person for a volume of the Dao Scriptures. This is too worth it!
However, if you do that, it's equivalent to declaring war on the Daoist Faction! "
Ye Xuan chuckled. "If I don't do that, will they let me go?"
Lan Ruo shook her head. "No!"
Ye Xuan suddenly asked, "What about the Boundless Sacred Ground?
Have they made any moves? "
Lan Ruo shook her head. "The Boundless Sacred Ground is very quiet. They haven't made any moves!"
Ye Xuan was silent.
Lan Ruo said in a low voice, "The Daoist Faction has made a big move. From what I know, they have already gathered all the Daoist Faction disciples outside. Not only that, some hidden experts from the Daoist Faction have also come out of seclusion. They might be up to something big soon. You must be mentally prepared!"
Something big!
Ye Xuan said softly, "Miss Lan Ruo, what level is Second Brother Dao's expert at?"
Lan Ruo said in a low voice, "He should be half a step into the Divine State."
Ye Xuan frowned. "Divine State?"
Lan Ruo nodded. "The so-called Divine State refers to the ability to reverse the deathly aura in one's body and gradually convert it into life aura. To a certain extent, it's very difficult for experts of this level to die normally. This is because they can slowly reverse the deathly aura and convert it into life aura.
Although it's not considered eternal life, it's more than enough to live for hundreds of thousands of years. "
As she spoke, she looked at Ye Xuan. "In the end, the goal of everyone's cultivation is actually to live longer."
Ye Xuan nodded. "I understand now!"
Lan Ruo continued, "The white-robed lady and Situ Tingyun who attacked just now are naturally extremely powerful. However, the Daoist Faction might not be particularly afraid of them. This is because the Daoist Faction has a very deep foundation. You must understand that the cultivation realms of the various worlds are all created by the Daoist Faction's patriarch.
Although the Daoist Faction's patriarch is no longer around, you still cannot underestimate the Daoist Faction. "
Ye Xuan shook his head. "Actually, I still don't understand why the Daoist Faction wants me dead."
Lan Ruo looked at Ye Xuan. "Because you've gathered all nine scrolls of the Dao Scripture!
If you summon the Spirit of the Great Dao, you'll be the leader of the Daoist Faction.
Although you have no intention of being the leader of the Daoist Faction, the people of the Daoist Faction will not allow you to summon the Spirit of the Great Dao. "
As she spoke, she paused before continuing, "Actually, most of the time, when people want you dead, it's not because you want to be their enemy, but because you have the ability to threaten them. To them, that's enough."
Ye Xuan chuckled. "I understand now!
Miss Lan Ruo, I want to go somewhere. Are you interested in coming with me? "
Lan Ruo was a little curious. "Where?"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "I don't know either!
Before Qing 'er left, she gave me a map. It's obvious that she wants me to go to that place. "
Lan Ruo asked, "The white-robed woman?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
After a moment of silence, Lan Ruo said, "Young Master Ye, this might be a fortuitous encounter. Are you sure you want me to go with you?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "I'm sure. It all depends on whether Miss Lan Ruo is willing!"
Lan Ruo looked at Ye Xuan. After a moment, she smiled. "Of course!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Then let's go!"
Lan Ruo nodded. "Let's go!"
Soon, Ye Xuan and Lan Ruo left Xuan City.
...
Daoist Faction.
On this day, an old man suddenly came to the bamboo house where Second Brother Dao was. The old man said in a deep voice, "Second Brother, that Ye Xuan has spread the word in Xuan City that anyone who kills a Consolidation Realm expert of our Daoist Faction will immediately obtain the contents of the eighth scroll. If he kills more than ten people, he will obtain the contents of the ninth scroll!"
Second Brother Dao was expressionless. "Does anyone dare?"
The old man said in a deep voice, "We've already lost contact with two Consolidation Realm experts.
.....”
Second Brother Dao narrowed his eyes with murderous intent. "Who is it!"
The old man shook his head. "I don't know!"
Second Brother Dao was about to speak when footsteps suddenly sounded from outside the door. The next moment, a man walked in!
The second Dao Brother was stunned when he saw the woman. The old man was also stunned, but he quickly came back to his senses and bowed respectfully. "Fourth Master!"
The woman in front of him was one of the Four Sages of Daoist Faction, Fourth Brother Dao!
Second Brother Dao said softly, "Fourth Brother, you've come out of seclusion?"
Fourth Brother Dao nodded. He smiled. "This Ye Xuan is using the Dao Scripture to tempt those forces into becoming enemies with us!"
Second Brother Dao said, "What do you think, Fourth Brother?"
Fourth Brother Dao shook his head. "We can't find trouble with those forces who killed our experts. If we do that, we'll be playing into Ye Xuan's hands!"
Second Brother Dao frowned. "Just let it go?"
Fourth Brother Dao nodded. "Not only that, we have to be on good terms with those forces.
Ye Xuan has the Dao Scripture in his hands, and we also have the contents of the Dao Scripture, don't we? "
Second Brother Dao said softly, "You mean, we can also learn from Ye Xuan?"
Fourth Brother Dao smiled. "Those people dared to kill our people for the contents of the Dao Scripture. Say, if we also use the Dao Scripture as bait, will they kill the people in the Fifth Dimension?"
Second Brother Dao was silent.
Fourth Brother Dao smiled. "Are they more afraid of Ye Xuan or our Dao Sect?"
As he said this, he looked at the old man beside him. "Go and investigate and see if Ye Xuan has any relatives and friends in the Fifth Dimension. Then spread the order. Anyone who kills any of Ye Xuan's relatives and friends will be given the contents of the eighth volume of the Dao Scripture for free. Not only that, but we'll also add one billion Divine Crystals!"
One billion Divine Crystals!
The old man's expression changed.
Fourth Brother Dao smiled. "If Ye Xuan wants to compete with us in terms of wealth and foundation, he's still too young!"
Second Brother Dao smiled. "That's a good plan!"
Fourth Brother Dao said softly, "The forces behind Ye Xuan are too mysterious. We can't fight them head-on for now. We can take it slow and compete with them in terms of foundation and wealth!"
Second Brother Dao said in a deep voice, "This is a good plan, but the forces behind Ye Xuan …"
Fourth Brother Dao said softly, "It's fine, take it slow.
Right now, we want to kill people with a borrowed knife. We want the forces in the Fifth Dimension to target Ye Xuan.
With a great reward, there will be brave people. We want Ye Xuan to become the enemy of the forces in the Fifth Dimension!
As for the white-robed woman and Situ Tingyun behind him, why do we need to find them?
We can wait for them to come to us!
Our top priority now is to get Third Senior Sister back, as well as some of the Elders who are training outside. Get them to come back immediately … Then we'll set up a trap to kill the white-robed woman and Situ Tingyun … and that plain-dressed woman … "
Second Brother Dao said, "I'll go find Third Brother!"
After saying that, he disappeared.
....
Somewhere in the starry sky, Lan Ruo suddenly stopped. After a moment of silence, she looked at Ye Xuan. "The Daoist Faction has issued a notice. Anyone who kills a friend or relative of Ye Xuan will not only be rewarded with the contents of the eighth volume of the Daoist Scripture, but also one billion Divine Crystals!"
Ye Xuan fell silent.
Lan Ruo looked at Ye Xuan. "Do me a favor!"
Lan Ruo said after a moment of silence, "Speak!"
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Help me issue a wanted order in the name of the Dao Court. Tell them that as long as they can catch my younger sister, Ye Ling, I will not only give them the eighth Taoist Scripture, but also the ninth Taoist Scripture. Not only that, I will give them ten billion Divine Creation Crystals!
No, twenty billion!
Also, all the Daoist Faction's Daoist Scriptures, martial arts, and mental cultivation techniques will be offered … "
Lan Ruo: "…"
....
PS: There are too few tickets. I've thought about it for an entire night, but I still can't figure out what the problem is!
Am I not handsome enough?
....








Chapter 1455
Twenty billion!
Lan Ruo looked at Ye Xuan. "Are you serious?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Lan Ruo said, "Those people will go crazy!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "I want them to go crazy!"
After a moment of silence, Lan Ruo said, "Alright!"
As she said that, she opened her palm and a talisman suddenly flew out.
Soon, a mysterious wanted order spread throughout the universe.
Ye Ling was wanted!
As long as they could capture Ye Ling, not only would they get the eighth Dao Scripture, but they would also get the ninth Dao Scripture and twenty billion Fortune Divine Crystals …
It was too tempting!
Therefore, many people started to ask about Ye Ling's whereabouts.
With so many powerful and mysterious forces looking for Ye Ling and Ye Ling not deliberately hiding his whereabouts, they found out about Ye Ling's whereabouts in a few hours!
Heavenly Oblivion Starfield!
Countless mysterious experts rushed to Heavenly Oblivion Starfield …
...
In the starry sky.
Ye Xuan and Lan Ruo sped up.
On the way, Lan Ruo suddenly said, "I received news that they have found the whereabouts of my sister, Ye Ling!"
Ye Xuan was a little excited. "Really?"
Lan Ruo looked at Ye Xuan. "Aren't you worried about her?"
Ye Xuan blinked. "Should I be worried?"
Lan Ruo shook her head. "No one would do that to their sister!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Lan Ruo continued, "Some people are blinded by greed and will look for their sister, but there are also people who might go to the Fifth Dimension. Aren't you worried about the Fifth Dimension?"
At this point, she suddenly stopped.
The Fifth Dimension!
At this moment, she suddenly thought of something. Was the Fifth Dimension weak?
If it was just the Fifth Dimension, then it was definitely weak.
However, the problem was that it was not just the Fifth Dimension!
The top experts of the Whirling World were basically all in the Fifth Dimension. At present, there were many Consolidation Realm experts in the Fifth Dimension. It was really impossible for ordinary forces to target the Fifth Dimension.
At this time, Ye Xuan took out the map given to him by the white-robed Qing 'er. He glanced at the map and said softly, "We're almost there!"
Lan Ruo scanned her surroundings and soon, she furrowed her brows.
Ye Xuan asked, "What's wrong?"
Lan Ruo said softly, "This is a dead Star Sector!"
Ye Xuan scanned his surroundings. Very quickly, he realized that it was just as Lan Ruo had said. This was a dead Star Sector. There was no sign of life at all!
Ye Xuan asked, "Senior Lan Ruo, do you know of this star domain?"
Lan Ruo shook his head. "I've never been here, nor have I heard of it!"
Ye Xuan was a little surprised. "You don't even know?"
Lan Ruo smiled. "The universe is vast and boundless. It's not something a human can see!"
As she spoke, she looked into the depths of the distant starry sky and said softly, "Actually, this universe is full of dangers, but it's also full of opportunities!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Indeed!"
As he spoke, he looked into the depths of the starry sky. There was a trace of curiosity and anticipation in his eyes.
What kind of place was this place that Qing 'er wanted him to go to?
...
In the Fifth Dimension.
Currently, the starry sky of the Fifth Dimension was filled with Consolidation Realm experts from the Whirling World!
To guard the Fifth Dimension!
The Whirling Dance School had also sent all their super experts to the Fifth Dimension!
It was obvious that the Whirling Sect was going to stick together with Ye Xuan!
This was normal. After all, the Whirling Sect and the Fifth Dimension were studying the ninth Dao Scripture together. If the Whirling Sect did not put in some effort, how could they?
Although the Whirling Sutra Sect once possessed the ninth volume of the Dao Scripture, they did not completely comprehend it. With their strength, it was practically impossible for them to completely comprehend the ninth volume of the Dao Scripture. However, things were different now!
Because Nian Nian was here!
To be safe, the Whirling Sect had directly sent all their Consolidation Realm experts. There were a total of thirty-six of them!
In addition to the Consolidation Realm experts from other forces in the Whirling World, there were a total of ninety-six Consolidation Realm experts in the Fifth Dimension!
This lineup was actually very terrifying!
And these ninety-six Consolidation Realm experts were guarding the starry sky of the Fifth Dimension. In addition, the Xuanji Sect had set up dozens of super arrays in the sky of the Fifth Dimension!
Right now, the Fifth Dimension was like an iron bucket!
...
Inside the Sword Hall.
Everyone surrounded Nian Nian. Nian Nian was explaining the ninth Dao Scripture word by word.
As for Yue Zun and the others, they listened carefully and recorded.
On the side, Ye Zhiming looked at Nian Nian. She realized that the current Nian Nian was no longer the weak Nian Nian!
She was more like the Fifth Dimension Tendo!
Was she really going to recover her memory?
...
On the other side, Bai Dizi was dealing with the matters of the Fifth Dimension.
Right now, everything in the Fifth Dimension was basically handled by him. As for Guan Yin, Guan Yin would also help, but most of his time was used for cultivation!
At this moment, a man walked in!
White Robe!
At this moment, White Robe had reached the Dao Attainment Realm!
Bai Dizi looked at White Robe. "How many people in the White Robe Army have reached the Dao Attainment Realm?"
White Robe said, "Three hundred and sixty!"
Three hundred and sixty!
Bai Dizi suddenly pointed with a finger and a storage ring landed in front of White Robe. "There is a bottle of pills in it. Yes, it is called Dao God Pills. It can help you break through to the Consolidation Realm. There are ten of them. Take one for yourself and give the rest as you see fit.
Other than that, there are some pills that can increase cultivation level for the White Robe Army. "
White Robe glanced at Bai Dizi. "He gave them to you?"
Bai Dizi nodded.
White Robe was silent.
Bai Dizi walked in front of White Robe and looked at him. "His footsteps are too fast. If we can't keep up, we will be left behind. Do you understand what I mean?"
White Robe nodded.
White Robe said softly, "Right now, the two strongest armies in our Five-Dimensional Universe are the White Robe Army and the Sword Sect's Swordsman. He has already instructed us to nurture you at all costs."
White Robe was silent.
Bai Dizi looked outside the hall with a complicated expression. "White Robe, what was our dream back then?
It was to rebuild order!
And he is really doing this!
Although he is very young and a bit willful, he really wants to make this world a better place! "
White Robe picked up the pills and left.
When he reached the door, he suddenly stopped. "I fight for my beliefs. If he needs me, I can risk my life at any time!"
After saying this, he walked out of the hall.
Inside the hall, Bai Dizi was silent.
At this moment, a middle-aged man appeared in front of Bai Dizi.
This person was Zhenwu!
In fact, he had been back for some time!
Bai Dizi said, "How is the investigation going?"
Zhenwu said in a deep voice, "The Dao Sect is targeting us. They have issued a wanted order. Anyone who kills a friend or relative of the Dao Master can obtain the contents of the eighth volume of the Dao Scripture.
And now, some mysterious experts have appeared in the Five-Dimensional Universe. The weakest of them is at the Consolidation Realm! "
Bai Dizi narrowed his eyes. "The Dao Sect!"
Zhenwu nodded. "I also know that they have begun to gather all the experts outside. They might be making a big move!"
Bai Dizi was silent.
Zhenwu looked at Bai Dizi. "What do you think?"
Bai Dizi said softly, "The Dao Master said he has something to do and needs to leave the Five-Dimensional Universe for a period of time … I think he definitely needs time right now. So, we have to fight for some time for him!"
Zhenwu asked, "How?"
After a moment of silence, Bai Dizi said, "The Dao Sect doesn't dare to make a move because they are afraid of the forces behind the Dao Master. In other words, Miss Tingyun and the white-robed woman have released the news.
They will say that the Dao Master has gone to find Miss Tingyun and the white-robed woman … This way, the forces in the dark will be afraid. As for the Dao Sect, if they want to make a move, they must consider Miss Tingyun and the white-robed woman. As long as they consider Miss Tingyun and the white-robed woman, they won't dare to make a move easily! "
Zhenwu nodded. "Okay!"
Bai Dizi said again, "One more thing. Contact Xuan City, the Gu Race, and the Nanyue Race. Tell them that we have invited them to the Five-Dimensional Universe as guests and that we will study the first to eighth volume of the Dao Scriptures together!"
Zhenwu hesitated for a moment and said, "Will they come?"
Bai Dizi said, "If I were them, I wouldn't refuse!
They need to kill one of us to obtain the contents of the eighth volume. But now, we don't need anything and will give it to them for free!
In any case, the contents of the first to eighth volume have already been leaked. Since that's the case, why don't we be more straightforward? "
Zhenwu spoke in a low voice, "I'll get it done right now!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he turned around and left.
Within the hall. Bai Dizi closed his eyes slowly ….
He was very worried at this moment.
The Dao Sect dared to target Ye Xuan even though they knew how formidable the white-robed woman and Situ Tingyun were. Obviously, the Dao Sect was confident!
Such an ancient power definitely had extremely deep resources and reserves!
...
The Dao Sect.
Fourth Dao looked at an old man in front of him. "You're saying that Ye Xuan has gone to look for the white-robed woman and Situ Tingyun?"
The old man nodded. "That's the information I received!"
Fourth Dao fell silent.
The old man continued, "Besides that, I don't know who used the Dao Sect's name to issue an arrest warrant for Ye Xuan's younger sister. Anyone who captures Ye Xuan's younger sister won't just be rewarded with the eighth and ninth volumes of the Dao Scriptures, there will also be 20 billion Divine Fortune Crystals!"
Fourth Dao said, "Did you find out who it was?"
The old man shook his head. "I couldn't!"
Fourth Dao chuckled. "Forget it!
It's not a bad thing for us anyway! "
The old man nodded. "Some people have gone to the Sky Oblivion Planet Zone to look for Ye Ling … I guess someone has already found her!"
Fourth Dao smiled. Then, as if he had thought of something, his pupils suddenly contracted. "Oh no!
Someone purposely sent those people to look for Ye Ling, and there's a powerful soul in Ye Ling's body … Someone not only wants to divert the trouble, but also wants to frame our Dao Sect! "
The old man: "…"
Fourth Dao narrowed his eyes. "Who's so sinister?!"
...
Sky Oblivion Planet Zone.
Ye Ling stopped in front of a city gate because there was an old man standing not far from her.
The old man was shrouded in a black robe, so his face couldn't be seen.
The black-robed old man said hoarsely, "Are you Ye Xuan's younger sister?"
Ye Ling's face was expressionless. "Yes!"
The black-robed old man said, "I want to borrow something from you!"
Ye Ling looked at the black-robed old man. "What?"
The black-robed old man said, "A human head!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he suddenly disappeared on the spot.
An extremely strange scene appeared. When the black-robed old man charged at Ye Ling, his body was already in front of Ye Ling, but his head had fallen dozens of feet behind him!
The black-robed old man's eyes were wide open, and his eyes were filled with disbelief.
He died with everlasting regret!
Ye Ling suddenly turned her head. The next moment, she suddenly grabbed with her right hand. The space was torn apart, and her right hand directly grabbed a black-robed man.
The black-robed man said in a trembling voice, "Senior …"
Ye Ling's face was expressionless. "Who told you to come to me?!"
The black-robed man said in horror, "It's … Dao Sect. They said that if we kill Ye Xuan's younger sister, we can get the eighth and ninth Dao Scriptures, as well as 20 billion Fortune Divine Crystals …"
Ye Ling's expression was somewhat ferocious. "You only know how to bully their younger sister. Are you done?
Take me to Dao Sect! "
The black-robed man: "…"
...








Chapter 1456
To Dao Sect!
Ye Ling was not joking. Under the lead of the black-clothed man, she went straight to Dao Sect!
After walking for a while, three black-robed men suddenly appeared not far in front of her.
One of them said, "It's …"
Ye Ling suddenly slapped out.
Boom!
The person who spoke immediately exploded!
His soul was destroyed!
The remaining two were petrified in place!
At this time, Ye Ling gently stomped her right foot on the ground, and a dim light flew out. In an instant, the remaining two experts were directly erased by this dim light.
Beside Ye Ling, the black-clothed man's body began to tremble.
What kind of monster was this?
Dao Sect!
At this moment, the black-clothed man wished he could eat Dao Sect alive. Wasn't this Dao Sect cheating?
On the way to Dao Sect, Ye Ling killed more than a dozen Consolidation Realm experts!
All of them were instant kills!
It was like killing a chicken!
The black-clothed man beside Ye Ling had turned from fear to terror!
Since when did Consolidation Realm experts become so weak?
Was this senior in front of him too strong, or was he too weak?
At this moment, the black-clothed man was confused!
He had cultivated all his life and thought that he had reached the top of this world, but suddenly found that killing him was as easy as killing a chicken …
Ye Xuan!
At this moment, he thought of Ye Xuan!
He thought of what Ye Xuan had said!
The son of the Nine-Dimensional Plane!
This guy might really be the son of the Nine-Dimensional Plane!
...
Along the way, Ye Ling's expression was cold.
Angry!
Extremely angry!
She was actually very busy, because she had a lot of things to do.
However, people kept coming to make trouble for her!
What made her most disgusted was that these people wanted to capture Ye Ling to threaten Ye Xuan!
If they had a grudge against Ye Xuan, they could have just looked for Ye Xuan!
Looking for his sister?
Don't they know that his sister is the one I chose?
...
Dao Sect!
Dao Sect was located in the Dao Domain, which used to be a holy land in the hearts of the world's cultivators!
Because this was the origin of martial arts.
Dao scriptures!
All the cultivation methods in the universe, including all the divine abilities and innate martial arts, originated from the Daoist scriptures!
Although the Daoist Gate was not as powerful as it was in the past, it was still the number one force in the universe.
In the outside world, Consolidation Realm experts were as rare as phoenix feathers and unicorn horns, but in this place, Consolidation Realm experts were nothing.
On this day, a woman and a man in black arrived at the Dao Domain.
The woman was none other than Ye Ling!
The black-clothed man beside Ye Ling said in a trembling voice, "Senior, we've reached the Dao Domain!"
Ye Ling looked at the black-clothed man, and the black-clothed man said with a trembling voice, "Please spare my life, Senior!"
Ye Ling was expressionless. "Scram!"
The black-clothed man turned and ran!
Ye Ling looked into the distance and stomped her right foot.
Boom!
The entire Dao Domain trembled violently. The starry sky trembled and cracked, and the ground collapsed!
All the Dao Domain experts were alarmed!
Who was it?
At this time, a middle-aged man appeared in front of Ye Ling.
The man was Dao Brother Four!
Dao Brother Four looked at Ye Ling. "It's Ye Xuan's sister, Ye Ling!"
Ye Ling was expressionless. In the next moment, she slapped him.
In the distance, Dao Brother Four's pupils suddenly shrank, and he punched out!
Dao Fist!
With this punch, the starry sky in front of him immediately became illusory. At the same time, a gust of
At the same time, a powerful force that could destroy heaven and earth swept towards Ye Ling. However, before the force of this punch could get close to Ye Ling, it disappeared without a trace!
Not only that, but Dao Brother Four instantly retreated tens of thousands of feet away!
Seeing this scene, the expressions of the surrounding Daoist Gate experts changed!
In this confrontation, Dao Brother Four was at a disadvantage?
Ye Ling walked towards Dao Brother Four. "Aren't you looking for his sister?
I'm here now! "
Dao Brother Four looked at Ye Ling with an extremely solemn expression.
Ye Ling suddenly punched out!
Dao Brother Four's pupils suddenly shrank, and he blocked with his arm.
Boom!
The space where Dao Brother Four was directly shattered, and Dao Brother Four himself retreated tens of thousands of feet away!
However, he did not die. He was only injured because he had also cultivated a Daoist Body!
Moreover, he had cultivated a Daoist Body to the Consolidation Realm!
Dao Brother Four looked at Ye Ling, and he slowly clenched his right hand. In the next moment, he suddenly leaped up, and then he clenched his right hand tightly, and a flame gushed out from the palm of his hand!
Fen Tian Jue!
Dao Brother Four suddenly slapped his palm down towards Ye Ling!
Boom!
A giant flaming palm swept down from the starry sky, and wherever the palm passed, the space was annihilated inch by inch. It was extremely terrifying!
In the distance, Ye Ling was expressionless. She opened her palm, and a dim light shot up into the sky.
Under everyone's gaze, the dim light directly shattered Dao Brother Four's palm. In the next moment, the dim light shot straight towards Dao Brother Four!
In the sky, Dao Brother Four's pupils suddenly shrank, and he suddenly blocked with his arms.
Boom!
Dao Brother Four instantly retreated tens of thousands of feet, and when he stopped, his physical body directly cracked!
Ye Ling's attack directly cracked his physical body!
In the distance, Ye Ling glanced at her right hand. Her right hand had already cracked!
Ye Ling shook her head. "Ling 'er, this physical body is too weak!
It can't even withstand 10% of my strength!
However, it's enough! "
As she spoke, she looked at Dao Brother Four in the distance, and in the next moment, she directly slapped him!
Slap!
With a crisp slap, Dao Brother Four was directly sent flying, and this time, he flew for tens of thousands of feet!
After slapping Dao Brother Four, Ye Ling did not stop. She directly disappeared on the spot, and when she reappeared, she was already in front of Dao Brother Four. Dao Brother Four's expression changed greatly. He was about to attack again, but Ye Ling suddenly slapped him again.
Slap!
A dim light directly slapped Dao Brother Four's face.
Boom!
Dao Brother Four was blasted flying again. Moreover, his Dao Body directly cracked open, and blood sprayed out.
Ye Ling gazed at Dao Brother Four who was blasted flying, and she was about to attack again. Meanwhile, over a dozen formidable auras swept over from behind her!
Ye Ling suddenly turned around and suddenly smashed her fist forward!
Bang!
At this moment, the starry sky in an area of over 100km in front of Ye Ling collapsed, and those extraordinary experts from the Daoist Sect were directly wiped out!
Ye Ling turned around to look at Dao Brother Four. She was just about to attack, but she frowned when she clenched her right hand. She looked at her right hand, and her right hand was covered in cracks!
Ye Ling remained silent.
This physical body was quite weak, and it was utterly unable to withstand too much of her strength!
Meanwhile, Dao Brother Four suddenly spoke ferociously, "Who the hell is it!?"
Ye Ling looked at Dao Brother Four, and in the next moment, she directly vanished on the spot. In the distance, Dao Brother Four's pupils constricted, and he was just about to attack when a hand had clamped down on his throat.
It was Ye Ling's hand!
At the same time, a ray of dim light enveloped Dao Brother Four!
The dim light forcefully suppressed all of Dao Brother Four's strength!
Ye Ling gazed at Dao Brother Four with an icy cold expression, "Does the enmity between Ye Xuan and the Daoist Sect have anything to do with his younger sister?
Does it? "
As she spoke, she suddenly clenched her fist.
Bang!
Dao Brother Four's body collapsed, but his soul transformed into a wisp of green smoke that drifted 30km away!
Dao Brother Four stared fixedly at Ye Ling, "Sacrifice the formation!"
As soon as he spoke, a ray of black light suddenly shot into the sky from the depths of the Dao Domain. As soon as the ray of white light appeared, strange and mysterious talismans suddenly appeared around Ye Ling, and the ray of white light directly locked onto Ye Ling!
Ye Ling smashed her fist forward!
A ray of dim light instantly swept through the starry sky!
Bang!
The mysterious talismans were obliterated inch by inch!
At this moment, streams of light suddenly erupted from the ray of white light, and these streams of light were like shooting stars that drowned Ye Ling.
Below, Ye Ling was about to attack when she suddenly frowned. Because at this moment, her face had turned slightly pale!
Her physical body was unable to support her any further attacks!
Ye Ling fell silent for a moment, and then she smashed her right fist forward!
Bang!
Those streams of light collapsed inch by inch, and the white light array was also shattered by her punch in an instant!
Ye Ling didn't attack again. She looked at Dao Brother Four, "If you dare to cause trouble for his younger sister again, I'll destroy the Daoist Sect."
As soon as she finished speaking, she turned around and left.
Actually, she could destroy the Daoist Sect now, but the price she would pay would be huge!
Because Ye Ling's physical body couldn't bear it!
Dao Brother Four's expression was extremely gloomy when he saw Ye Ling turn around and leave.
Humiliation!
This woman came to the Daoist Sect to kill someone, shattered his Daoist body, and then left swiftly!
The Daoist Sect had never suffered such humiliation!
However, there was nothing he could do!
With his own strength, he couldn't do anything to this woman at all!
And the Consolidation Realm experts of the Daoist Sect were probably not enough in front of this woman!
He could only watch as the woman left!
Of course, at this moment, he was still thinking about a question. How strong was this woman?
He could clearly feel that this woman hadn't displayed her full strength!
At this moment, Ye Ling suddenly stopped in the distance. Seeing this scene, Dao Brother Four's expression changed!
What was this woman trying to do?
After Ye Ling stopped, she turned to look at Dao Brother Four, "He still has a younger sister. If you really want to take revenge on him, you can go find his other sister!
That sister likes to wear a plain dress, and the world calls her Tianming. You can go find her!
Really! "
Dao Brother Four looked at Ye Ling, "What do you mean?"
Ye Ling said, "Don't you like to find his younger sister?
I'll introduce you to his younger sister!
That sister is weaker, you can go find her! "
Dao Brother Four narrowed his eyes, "Are you saying that the woman in the plain dress is weaker?"
Ye Ling nodded, "Among all the people behind him, Tianming is the weakest!"
Dao Brother Four looked at Ye Ling, "Why are you telling us this!"
Ye Ling was expressionless, "Because I don't like that woman!"
After saying that, she turned and left.
Dao Brother Four suddenly asked, "Is that Tianming really the weakest?"
Ye Ling turned to look at Dao Brother Four, "Do you think I'm above lying?"
After saying that, she turned into a dim light and disappeared at the end of the sky.
Dao Brother Four was silent.
Tianming!
The weakest among all the people behind Ye Xuan!
At this time, an old man appeared beside Dao Brother Four, the old man said in a deep voice, "This woman's words …"
Dao Brother Four looked at the dim light in the distant sky and said softly, "Such a strong person must not be above lying because she has her pride, so I believe what she said!
Perhaps, that woman in the plain dress is our breakthrough … "
.....
PS: It's not very useful to ask for votes!
Can anyone help?








Chapter 1457
News of the Fourth Dao Brother being heavily injured by Ye Ling hadn't spread!
The Daoist Faction had sealed off the entire Dao Domain, so outsiders didn't know that the Fourth Dao Brother's body had been destroyed.
However, there was no such thing as an impenetrable wall.
...
The Boundless Hallowed Grounds.
The Hallowed Lord arrived before the bamboo house once more, and he bowed respectfully towards it, "Master, Ye Ling has gone to the Dao World, and the Fourth Dao Brother's body has been destroyed!"
The woman stopped reading, and she fell silent for a moment before she shook her head and smiled, "Why did the Daoist Faction offend her?
Aren't they courting death? "
The Hallowed Lord hesitated for a moment and said, "Master said that there's a formidable soul within Ye Ling's body. Master, how strong is that soul?"
The woman chuckled, "It's very strong. It's someone who once shocked an entire era."
Very strong!
The Hallowed Lord fell silent.
Meanwhile, an ancient scroll floated into the bamboo house.
The Hallowed Lord gazed at the bamboo house, "Master, what's this?"
The woman said, "Ye Xuan once saved the Jia Long Clan in the Dark Dimension. Even though that woman in a plain dress forcefully stopped that karma, but …."
When she spoke up to this point, she grinned, "I think that Martial Emperor won't let it go just like that!"
The Hallowed Lord spoke in a low voice, "Master, you intend to use that Martial Emperor to kill Ye Xuan?"
The woman shook her head and smiled, "That's not right. This enmity is between him and that Martial Emperor, so what does it have to do with us?
There's a mental cultivation technique within the scroll, and it can help Martial Emperors break through the final barrier. I believe that if he takes that final step, then he probably won't be so afraid of that woman! "
The Hallowed Lord hesitated for a moment and said, "Master, what are our chances of killing Ye Xuan if we make a move?"
The woman's gaze descended onto the scroll, and she grinned with confidence, "100%!"
100%!
The Hallowed Lord was stunned, and he was about to speak when the woman smiled, "So long as those three swords don't make a move, then I'm 100% confident in killing him!"
The Hallowed Lord asked, "Even if the white robed woman and Situ Tingyun are here?"
The Hallowed Lord turned around and smiled, "Do you think I'm bragging?"
The Saint Master hurriedly shook his head. "No!"
The woman picked up the ancient book and walked out of the bamboo house. Today, she was wearing a dark green dress with mountains and rivers painted on it. She looked very quiet and elegant.
The woman looked at the horizon and said with a light smile, "It's actually very simple to kill him!
However, what would happen after killing him?
Killing him was tantamount to poking a hornet's nest.
Not to mention anything else, that plain-dressed woman will definitely kill me at all costs … I really can't beat that woman! "
As she spoke, she shook her head helplessly.
The Hallowed Lord hesitated for a moment before he said, "Master, are you unable to resist that woman even with your strength?"
The woman retracted her gaze and walked in front of the Sacred Leader. The Sacred Leader hurriedly bowed, not daring to look at the woman directly.
The woman held the ancient book and gently patted the Holy Lord's head. "Remember, that woman is invincible!
As long as she didn't want to die, no one in this world could kill her.
The only way to defeat her was to start with Ye Xuan, because Ye Xuan was her only weakness.
Other than that, there was no other way to defeat her.
Even if everyone in this universe joined forces, we might not be able to block a single strike of her sword. "
As she spoke, she looked at the horizon and sighed. "Actually, I don't want to be her enemy either.
But there's no other way. I really want to kill this Ye Xuan! "
The Sacred Leader said in a low voice, "Master, there's something I don't understand. Since that plain-dressed woman is already so strong, then why is she still wandering aimlessly in space?
Is she doing this to temper Ye Xuan? "
The woman shook her head and smiled. "She isn't wandering aimlessly!
She's too weak to see that countless Causes of Karma have already coiled around her … She's looking for the source of the Cause of Misfortune, the person who controls Ye Xuan's fate. "
The Sacred Leader frowned slightly. "The person who controls Ye Xuan's fate?"
The woman nodded. "The Cause of Misfortune!
Everyone in the world doesn't really understand the Cause of Misfortune!
This world is divided into Yin and Yang, good and evil!
If there's a Cause of Misfortune, then there's a Cause of Misfortune!
And this Cause of Misfortune is the head of all Causes of Misfortune … A person with a Cause of Good is equivalent to having great luck. He's protected by Heaven and Earth, protected by Fate, and protected by the Great Dao.
This kind of person's life is like cheating, because whatever he does, there will be a Cause of Good.
On the contrary, a person with a Cause of Misfortune will have a rough life with all sorts of troubles. Like a malefic star, even if he does a good thing, there might be a Cause of Misfortune. Not only that, anyone who is related to him will not have a good ending. "
As she spoke to this point, she paused and said, "The reason why Ye Xuan is able to live until now is because of that woman and that man who changed his fate. Especially that plain-dressed woman, she forcefully shouldered countless Karma of Misfortune for Ye Xuan.
But she realized that these Karma seemed endless. No matter how she shouldered it, there would be countless Karma that would come to bother Ye Xuan. So, she decided to find the Cause of Misfortune. "
The Sacred Leader asked, "And after finding it?"
The woman smiled. "Of course, she'll kill it!"
The Sacred Leader: "…"
The woman suddenly said softly, "Actually, Ye Xuan is quite pitiful!
Don't think that he has many backers, if you look closely, you will realize that his enemies are not at his level at all. They are all several levels higher than him … No matter how hard he tries to become stronger, his enemies will always be stronger than him by at least a few levels! "
As she spoke to this point, she pointed at herself and smiled. "For example, me!"
The Sacred Leader: "…"
The woman continued, "Actually, I think the reason why he has a Cause of Misfortune might be related to his father and his sister!"
The Sacred Leader was a little confused. "His father and sister?"
The woman nodded. "A person cannot have a Cause of Misfortune for no reason!
He was born with a Cause of Misfortune. Apart from himself, there is another reason, and that is his family … "
The Sacred Leader frowned slightly. "His family?"
The woman looked up at the sky and said softly, "His sister is invincible in the world. No Karma can touch her. Even the Cause of Misfortune can't touch her!
As for his father, he also severed his past and present lives with one sword strike. No Karma can touch him … "
The Sacred Leader said softly, "So, this Cause of Misfortune has fallen on Ye Xuan?
But that shouldn't be the case!
Or could it be that his father and sister used to … "
The woman looked at the Sacred Leader and smiled. "The number of people that his sister used to kill is unimaginable!
As for his father … looking at Ye Xuan's bloodline, you should know that his father is not a good person!
Although his temper has changed a lot over the years, he used to be called a lunatic! "
As she spoke to this point, there was a trace of indescribable color in her eyes.
The Sacred Leader: "…
...”
The woman continued, "Of course, things are definitely not that simple!
There is something wrong with Ye Xuan himself … In short, this Cause of Misfortune is definitely related to his father and sister!
If we want to kill Ye Xuan, the best way is to make use of the Cause of Misfortune. Only then will we have a chance! "
As she spoke, she looked at the Sacred Leader. "Go to the Ultimate Martial Realm personally. Remember, don't let that Martial Emperor know that it was given to him by the Sacred Ground … Forget it!
I'll go personally!
With my strength, I'm afraid I won't be able to hide it from that Martial Emperor! "
As she spoke, she took the ancient scroll in the Sacred Leader's hand and disappeared on the spot.
...
Somewhere in the starry sky, Ye Xuan suddenly stopped and looked around. The starry sky was quiet and the stars were dim.
Lan Ruo looked around with a calm expression.
This place was not simple!
However, with her strength, there were not many in this world who could kill her!
Ye Xuan took out the map that the white-robed Qing 'er gave him and looked at it. Then, he looked around and said softly, "The map shows this Star Domain. However, there seems to be nothing here!"
Lan Ruo said, "Let me take a look!"
Ye Xuan passed the map to Lan Ruo. Lan Ruo looked at it. After a while, she looked to the right and opened her palm. A mysterious force rippled out and the starry sky around them started to tremble. After a while, a huge stone door appeared on their right!
Ye Xuan looked at the stone door. Behind the stone door was a long bluestone staircase that was tens of thousands of feet long. At the end of the staircase was a huge palace that floated in the starry sky.
Ye Xuan looked at Lan Ruo. Lan Ruo shook her head. "I've never seen it before!"
Ye Xuan said, "Let's go take a look!"
Lan Ruo nodded.
The two of them walked towards the stone door. When they reached it, Ye Xuan raised his head and looked at the stone door. The stone door was a little old. It was obvious that it had been here for some time.
The two of them continued walking along the stone stairs.
Along the way, Ye Xuan suddenly said softly, "Qing 'er must have been here before!"
Lan Ruo looked around and there was a hint of seriousness in her eyes. "This place is a world of its own. It's part of the starry sky, but it's outside of this starry sky … It looks like this place isn't as simple as it seems!"
Ye Xuan asked, "Is there any danger?"
Lan Ruo shook her head and smiled. "Not yet!
Since that senior allowed us to come here, it's obvious that there won't be any danger. However, we still have to be careful! "
Ye Xuan nodded.
He didn't dare to be careless when it came to unknown places like these!
Lan Ruo looked at the palace in the distance and secretly raised her guard.
Although she was powerful, it was important to know that there would always be someone better than her. It was always good to be careful!
Soon, the two of them arrived in front of the palace. Ye Xuan looked at the top of the palace. There were three big words on the top of the palace: Milky Way Sect.
Milky Way Sect?
Just as Ye Xuan was about to speak, Lan Ruo frowned slightly. At the same time, the sound of footsteps could be heard from within the palace.
Ye Xuan's heart skipped a beat. He looked into the palace and was stunned for a moment. Then, he exclaimed in shock, "Holy shit, it's!
It's actually … "
Lan Ruo was speechless.
....








Chapter 1458
The reason why Ye Xuan was so shocked and surprised was that he knew the person in front of him!
It was a woman in front of him!
And this woman was none other than Number Nine, who had been with him before!
The Number Nine who needed to be recharged!
There was no news of this woman after she left!
And now, she was actually here!
Seeing Ye Xuan, Number Nine was also a little surprised. She blinked and said, "Yes!"
Ye Xuan took a look at Number Nine and realized that she seemed to have become stronger!
How did this guy cultivate?
At this moment, Number Nine suddenly smiled and said, "Why are you here?"
It was obvious that she was also very happy to see Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "A friend asked me to come!
By the way, why is Number Nine here? "
Number Nine said, "This is our base!"
Ye Xuan blinked and said, "Base?"
Number Nine nodded and said, "Yes!"
Ye Xuan asked, "The Milky Way Sect … is from the Milky Way Realm?"
Number Nine smiled and said, "Yes."
Ye Xuan was silent.
He didn't expect Number Nine to be from the Milky Way Realm.
He didn't know much about the Milky Way Realm. He only knew that Erya and the little white guy seemed to have been to this place!
The former prophet had also been to this place!
Number Nine suddenly smiled and said, "Come with me, I'll give you a super treasure!"
With that, she took Ye Xuan's hand and walked toward the main hall.
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Lan Ruo looked at Number Nine with a serious expression.
Because this Number Nine made her feel a hint of danger!
Most importantly, this Number Nine's aura was completely absent, as if it didn't exist!
It was a little strange!
Number Nine brought Ye Xuan to the main hall. In the main hall, he saw many strange things that he had never seen before.
Lan Ruo was also looking around curiously. She had never seen these things before!
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly stopped and pointed to a strange big thing on the right. "Number Nine, what is this?"
Number Nine took a look at that strangely shaped big thing and said with a smile, "This is a space-time starship. It can travel through space-time tunnels and perform space jumps. It is currently the fastest known flying mount!"
Lan Ruo suddenly asked, "The fastest?"
Number 9 nodded. "Yes!
Because the speed of this object has already surpassed the speed of light by two times! "
Ye Xuan blinked. "Light speed?"
Number 9 thought for a moment, and then he said, "Do you not know what the speed of light is?"
Ye Xuan asked, "Is this the speed of light?"
Number 9 nodded. "Yes!"
Ye Xuan was silent. He really had no concept of this!
Number Nine led Ye Xuan towards the depths of the main hall. Along the way, there were some strange things everywhere.
In next to no time, Number 9 led Ye Xuan to a secret chamber. A stone platform was placed within the secret chamber, and a sword was stabbed into the stone platform!
Sword!
The sword was four feet long, slightly longer than the average sword. One side of the sword was white, while the other side was black. It looked quite strange.
Ye Xuan looked at Number 9. "What's this?"
Number 9 smiled. "Unparalleled!"
Ye Xuan was a little puzzled. "Unparalleled sword?"
Number 9 nodded. "In our place, this sword is supreme and unsurpassed."
Ye Xuan blinked. "It's that powerful?"
Number 9 said seriously, "It's very powerful!
This sword is a combination of great dao and technology. It's very terrifying! "
Ye Xuan was a little puzzled. "Technology?"
Number 9 said, "A technological civilization!"
Ye Xuan was even more puzzled. "A technological civilization?"
Number 9 nodded. "Your civilization is a martial arts civilization, while ours is a technological civilization!
Some places have biological civilizations … and this sword is forged from the advantages of a martial arts civilization and a technological civilization!
Give it a try! "
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment, and then he asked, "Is a technological civilization powerful?"
Number 9 blinked. "Any civilization is powerful."
Lan Ruo suddenly asked, "What's the difference between a technological civilization and a martial arts civilization?"
Number 9 thought for a moment, and then he said, "Actually, there's no difference in essence!
The only difference is that your civilization cultivates itself, unearths its own potential, and allows itself to continuously grow and evolve. As for us, we create, constantly create … However, we're also learning from your civilization, because in many aspects, your martial arts civilization is even more terrifying than our technological civilization. "
Ye Xuan and Lan Ruo looked at each other, and there was a hint of astonishment in their eyes!
At this moment, Number 9 said, "Try this sword!"
Ye Xuan nodded. He opened his palm, and the sword flew into his hand. It was cold to the touch, and as light as a feather.
Ye Xuan looked at Number 9, and Number 9 smiled. "This sword has two modes. The first is a martial arts mode. If this mode is activated, this sword will amplify the owner's martial arts techniques by about 50%.
The second mode … "
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly interrupted Number 9. "30% to 50%?"
Number 9 nodded. "Yes!"
Ye Xuan said, "Can I try it?"
Number 9 smiled. "Of course!"
Ye Xuan held the sword in his hand while the profound energy within his body circulated. At the instant he circulated his profound energy, the sword trembled violently. In the next moment, he noticed that the speed at which his profound energy circulated had increased greatly, and it had increased by at least 50%!
Ye Xuan gazed at the sword in his hand with slight astonishment. A moment later, he opened his palm, and the sword suddenly flew out.
A strand of sword light suddenly tore through space and appeared in the starry sky 3km away from the hall!
Lan Ruo's eyes narrowed slightly, and a trace of seriousness flashed through the depths of her eyes!
This sword strike was able to threaten her!
Especially when it caught her off guard. This sword strike had a 30% chance of killing her!
What did that mean?
After all, she was more than 2 realms higher than Ye Xuan!
This sword strike was too terrifying!
Ye Xuan was quite shocked as well. Because he noticed that the might of his sword strike had really increased by at least 50%!
Its speed hadn't increased, but its might had increased!
This increase was quite terrifying!
Meanwhile, Number 9 spoke abruptly, "This sword technique hasn't been cultivated to its limits!"
Ye Xuan gazed at Number 9. Number 9 said, "If one cultivates this sword technique to its limits, then it won't be able to increase its strength. Because it can't increase the upper limit of a sword technique. The reason it can increase its strength is because it hasn't been cultivated to its limits!
Now, one can rely on this Swordsman to cultivate it to its limits. "
Ye Xuan spoke softly, "In that case, not only will one not rely on this sword, but one can even use it as a mirror to find out where one is lacking and cultivate from there?"
Number 9 nodded. "Yes!
That's the designer's original intention!
The designer didn't design this sword so that one could rely on it. Instead, he wanted one to use it to find out where one is lacking and change! "
Ye Xuan smiled, "That's a good sword!"
Number 9 smiled, "It's not just a sword technique. This sword can be used as a medium to execute any divine ability or martial technique!"
Ye Xuan gazed at Number 9 and said, "What's the second form?"
Number 9 gazed at the sword in Ye Xuan's hand and said, "Form change!"
The sword trembled slightly, and the space around it trembled slightly.
Number 9 gazed at Ye Xuan and said, "The second form is Technological Mode. There are two types of attributes in this mode. The first is strength, and the second is speed!"
Ye Xuan blinked and said, "Speed?"
Number 9 nodded and said, "It can increase one's speed to its limits!"
Ye Xuan opened his palm. In the next moment, a sword suddenly appeared in space 3km away from the hall. After the sword appeared for around a breath of time, the space behind the sword split apart ….
Ye Xuan remained silent within the secret chamber.
Extreme speed!
He had executed the Instakill Sword, and the speed of the Instakill Sword was at least twice as fast as his original speed!
Although the speed of this sword wasn't as fast as Situ Tingyun's Instakill, it was already quite close!
Not to mention the surprise attack, even a Consolidation Realm expert would not be able to withstand it even if it was executed openly.
Lan Ruo was silent.
At this moment, her expression was solemn.
If Ye Xuan's sword had caught her off guard, there was at least a 50% chance that it could kill her!
Of course, if she was prepared, it was basically impossible for this sword to kill her instantly!
However, this Instakill was a sneak attack!
Who would fight against it openly?
Ye Xuan wouldn't be so stupid as to shout, "Watch my Instakill Sword …" when he executed this sword technique.
If this sword skill was used stealthily, the threat it posed would be too great!
Ye Xuan looked at the sword in his hand and slowly closed his eyes. At this moment, he activated his physical strength!
The sword started to tremble!
The space around it started to crack!
Ye Xuan hurriedly stopped when he saw this.
No.9 said, "This sword can increase one's strength by at least two times. However, there's a flaw as well. Regardless of whether it's increasing speed or strength, there's a certain side effect. Because one doesn't possess such speed or strength, so increasing speed or strength is equivalent to overdrafting one's body. So, one might be extremely exhausted after executing it!"
Ye Xuan nodded. He'd felt slightly exhausted after executing Instakill just now. Because he'd relied on this sword to increase the speed of Instakill to the limits of what his body could endure!
Actually, the most terrifying aspect of this sword wasn't its ability to increase sword technique, speed, or strength, but its ability to tell one how much room for growth there was!
For example, this Instant Kill Sword. This sword was telling him that he could do even better!
That was the most terrifying aspect of it!
If Situ Tingyun were to use this sword to execute Instakill, then there probably wouldn't be much improvement because she'd already done it to the limit!
Meanwhile, No.9 smiled, "Do you like this sword?"
Ye Xuan looked at No.9, "Are you really going to give it to me?"
No.9 rolled his eyes at Ye Xuan, "Of course!"
Ye Xuan was slightly puzzled, "Why?"
No.9 blinked, "What do you mean why?"
Ye Xuan asked, "Why are you giving it to me?"
No.9 said, "We're on the same side!"
Ye Xuan was stunned, "We're on the same side?"
No.9 nodded, "Yes!
We're on the same side! "
Ye Xuan was slightly puzzled, "Why am I on the same side as you?"
No.9 said, "Because the Milky Way Sect is my home!"
My home?
Ye Xuan was dumbfounded. What the hell?
....
PS: I miss the times when I was single. I could update 5 or 6 chapters a day …. No matter if it's my writing speed or writing time, I was invincible!
Moreover, I even had time to go to a spa!








Chapter 1459
My family?
Needless to say, Ye Xuan was really confused!
He was sure that he had nothing to do with the Milky Way Realm!
He had never been to the Milky Way Realm!
And this Number 9 actually said that the Milky Way Sect was his family!
Not to mention Ye Xuan, even Lan Ruo was shocked!
This Milky Way Sect was not a simple force!
And this Young Master Ye was actually related to the Milky Way Realm?
Seeing how shocked Ye Xuan was, Number 9 was puzzled. "You don't know?"
Ye Xuan smiled bitterly. "Number 9, I don't know anything!
I've never been to the Milky Way Realm! "
Number 9 pondered for a moment, then said, "It doesn't matter. Anyway, your bloodline is the right one!"
Ye Xuan was puzzled. "Bloodline is the right one?"
Number 9 nodded. "Your bloodline!"
Ye Xuan had a strange expression. Could this Milky Way Sect have been founded by that cheapskate dad of his?
As if thinking of something, Ye Xuan suddenly asked, "Number 9, the first time I met you, you wanted to destroy humanity …"
Number 9 blinked. "There was a programming error, but it has been fixed!"
Ye Xuan was confused. "Programming error?"
Number 9 thought for a moment, then said, "Just like how you went insane!
Because I've been drifting in space for too long, plus I haven't been able to recharge, there's something wrong with my brain!
I've activated anti-human mode! "
Anti-human mode!
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Lan Ruo suddenly said, "Miss Number 9, what are you doing here?"
Ye Xuan looked at Number 9. He was very curious as well.
Number 9 said, "Waiting for someone!"
Lan Ruo glanced at Number 9. "Waiting for someone from the Milky Way Realm?"
Number 9 nodded. "Yes!
I need supplies! "
Lan Ruo hesitated for a moment, then said, "What are you doing here?"
Number 9 said, "Exploring!
Our duty is to explore the universe and explore higher civilizations.
Also, to find someone! "
Ye Xuan was curious. "Find someone?
Who? "
Number 9 nodded. "Find a man with the same bloodline as you!"
Ye Xuan blinked. "A man with the same blood as me?"
Number Nine nodded slightly. "This is my main mission. My secondary mission is to explore, to explore a higher level of martial arts civilization, and then learn from their civilization."
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Ninth, have you found that man?"
Number 9 shook his head. "No!
However, if it really doesn't work, I'll bring you back!
Your bloodline is the same anyway! "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
At this moment, Lan Ruo said, "Ninth Lady, you don't participate in the disputes of this world, right?"
Number Nine nodded. "We basically don't care about the affairs of other universes. We just explore, but …"
She looked at Ye Xuan and said, "If you want to fight, I can help."
With that said, she waved her right hand, and a strange object appeared in her hand.
Ye Xuan was a little curious. "What is this?"
Number Nine blinked. "In the words of your world, this is a divine artifact!"
Lan Ruo: "…"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Number Nine smiled and said, "It's very fun!
I just need to press this little red button, and it will shatter a piece of space … "
With that said, she pointed at Lan Ruo and said, "It's equivalent to a full-powered attack from her!"
Lan Ruo looked at Number Nine and said, "You know how strong I am?"
Number Nine nodded. "I can feel it!
You should be considered a top-notch expert in this universe of yours! "
Lan Ruo was silent.
What kind of place was this Milky Way Realm?
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Number Nine, are you really willing to help me fight?
？”
Number Nine looked at Ye Xuan and said with a smile, "Of course!"
Ye Xuan was about to say something when Number Nine suddenly said, "Wait!
I'll contact Master! "
With that said, she turned around and waved her hand lightly. A huge light screen appeared in front of the three of them.
Gradually, the light screen started to tremble. Soon, a woman appeared in the screen!
When this woman appeared, Number Nine instantly stood up straight, no longer laughing and joking like before.
In the light screen, the woman was about to speak when she suddenly looked at Ye Xuan. When she saw Ye Xuan, she was stunned.
Ye Xuan looked at the woman and said, "Senior?"
The woman looked at Ye Xuan and said, "Where's your father?"
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment and then said, "I don't know!"
The woman frowned slightly. "You don't know?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "I've never seen him before!"
The woman's frown deepened. "You've never seen him before?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
The woman was silent.
Ye Xuan looked at the woman and said, "Senior … you are?"
The woman looked at Ye Xuan and said with a smile, "You should call me Auntie!"
Auntie!
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Lan Ruo's expression also became a little strange. Why was she acknowledging her as her relative?
At this moment, the woman said again, "I'm your biological aunt!"
Ye Xuan looked at the woman and said, "Biological?"
The woman nodded and looked at Ye Xuan with a complicated expression. "Looks like they still haven't been able to resolve the Cause of Misfortune that you're carrying!"
Ye Xuan was a little curious. "Senior, you know about the Cause of Misfortune as well?"
The woman glared at Ye Xuan and said, "I'm your aunt!
Not your senior! "
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment and then said, "Senior, how can you prove that you're my aunt?"
The woman opened her palm and the blood vessels in her hand suddenly trembled. Gradually, a powerful force spread out from her body!
Crazy Demon Bloodline!
Although this Crazy Demon Bloodline was not quite the same as his, it was indeed the Crazy Demon Bloodline!
The woman looked at Ye Xuan and said, "My bloodline is not quite the same as yours. That's because your father raised the family bloodline to an unprecedented height. Therefore, your bloodline is not exactly the same as mine."
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "Are you really my aunt?"
The woman glared at Ye Xuan and said, "Child, do you think I would recognize someone else as my nephew for no reason?"
Ye Xuan fell silent.
The sudden appearance of an aunt was something he had not expected at all!
Moreover, this aunt was from the Milky Way Realm.
At this moment, the woman looked at Number 9 and said, "Still no news of him?"
Number 9 nodded and said, "Not yet!"
The woman fell silent.
At this moment, Number 9 suddenly said, "Can I bring him back?"
As she said that, she pointed at Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan was speechless.
On the screen, the woman looked at Ye Xuan and said, "Do you want to come?"
Ye Xuan shook his head and said, "I still have a lot of things to do!"
The woman nodded and said softly, "It's indeed not convenient for you to come now!"
As she said that, she paused and said, "Is there anything I can help you with?"
Ye Xuan blinked and said, "Can I help you with anything?"
The woman smiled and said, "You can tell me about it!"
Ye Xuan hesitated and said, "I have a lot of enemies … and they are all very strong …"
The woman nodded and said, "I understand!"
Ye Xuan blinked and said, "Understand?"
The woman looked at Number 9 and said, "Pass down the order, get all the Milky Way Sect disciples who are exploring the universe to rush to your universe and listen to his orders unconditionally!"
Number 9 nodded and said, "Understood!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
”
The woman looked at Ye Xuan with a complicated expression and said, "You must live well!"
As she said that, the screen gradually became illusory.
Ye Xuan looked at Number 9 and Number 9 said in a low voice, "My energy is running out!"
Ye Xuan nodded and said, "Miss Number 9, I still have a lot of things to deal with. Will you come with me?"
Number 9 smiled and said, "Not for now!
First, I need to replenish my energy. Second, I need to contact the Milky Way Sect disciples here. They will all be here!
I will go and look for you!
Is that okay? "
Ye Xuan nodded and said with a smile, "Alright!"
Number 9 said, "Then we'll meet again!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "See you again!"
After saying that, he turned and left with Lan Ruo.
After leaving the Milky Way Sect, Ye Xuan turned around and saw that the Milky Way Sect was hidden again!
Beside Ye Xuan, Lan Ruo said softly, "Young Master Ye, your background is not simple!"
Ye Xuan shook his head and smiled. "Miss Lan Ruo, if I told you that I don't even know my own background, would you believe me?"
Lan Ruo looked at Ye Xuan and said, "I would!"
Ye Xuan was stunned.
Lan Ruo smiled and said, "Young Master Ye has no reason to lie to me, right?"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "That's true!
Let's go! "
After saying that, he paused and said, "I'm sorry to have made Miss Lan Ruo accompany me here for nothing!"
Lan Ruo shook her head. "My gains today are not small either!"
After saying that, she looked around and said, "Young Master Ye, let's go!"
Ye Xuan nodded.
The two of them left.
Along the way, Lan Ruo did not speak again.
At this moment, she was thinking about a problem.
Perhaps Xuan City could get closer to Ye Xuan. Although doing so might involve them in a whirlpool, there would definitely be benefits.
However, she was still a little hesitant!
They had to be careful about this matter. If they were not careful, Xuan City might be doomed!
Along the way, Ye Xuan kept looking at the sword in his hand.
Unparalleled!
Unparalleled!
With this sword, his battle prowess could be said to have increased by at least two levels!
Most importantly, this sword could help him improve himself and not make him rely on it!
The gains this time were huge!
Ye Xuan put away the sword and sped up!
...
Ultimate Martial Realm.
At the peak of a mountain, a middle-aged man sat cross-legged. His eyes were slightly closed while his hands were raised, and he seemed as if he was in a meditative state.
Wu Li!
A Martial Emperor!
One of the supreme experts in this universe. Not only was he a true God Realm expert, he was even at the peak of the God Realm!
However, he was still unable to take that step.
Right at this moment, Wu Li suddenly opened his eyes. He turned around and saw a woman in a dark green dress standing not far away!
Wu Li's eyes narrowed slightly because he hadn't noticed when this woman had appeared!
The woman's back was facing Wu Li as she smiled and said, "It's best that you don't attack because you can't do anything to me!"
Wu Li was expressionless. "Is that so?"
As he spoke, he blasted his fist forward!
Bang!
The surroundings instantly became illusory!
However, the woman didn't move at all and wasn't affected at all!
At this moment, there was a serious expression in Wu Li's eyes.
The woman opened her palm, and an ancient scroll descended before Wu Li. "It should be able to help you!"
Wu Li looked at the woman and was about to speak, but at this moment, the woman had already disappeared.
Wu Li frowned slightly. A moment later, he opened the scroll, and when he saw the contents, his pupils suddenly constricted …
.....








Chapter 1460
On the peak of the mountain, Wu Li put away the scroll, and he remained silent for a long time before he said softly, "Who exactly are you!?"
There was no response!
A moment later, Wu Li sat cross-legged on the ground.
Cultivate!
Previously, he was already a little lost in cultivation because he had already reached his limit!
Previously, it was as if he had no other way out!
But now, the contents of this ancient scroll had pointed out a path for him!
This time, he had a 90% chance of breaking through!
He seemed to have thought of something, and he opened his eyes and looked up into the sky. At this moment, he thought of that woman in a simple dress!
The woman who had threatened him!
That woman was so powerful that he didn't dare to make a move against her back then.
Because he wasn't confident!
He could only watch helplessly as the youth rescued Jia Lou from the Naga Dragon Tribe!
He could not take this lying down!
Wu Li slowly closed his eyes. "Woman, just you wait!"
As he spoke, he began to cultivate. Gradually, the aura around him grew stronger and stronger …
...
On the other side, the woman stood in the clouds and looked down. No one knew what she was thinking.
At this moment, the Holy Leader appeared beside the woman.
The Holy Master saluted respectfully, "Master, Ye Xuan went to an unknown starfield, but the Mysterious City's City Lord is following him. Our people don't dare to approach!"
The woman smiled. She looked in the direction of the Fifth Dimension and said softly, "If I'm not wrong, he should be about to awaken the Spirit of the Great Dao!
As long as he dared to awaken the spirit of the Great Dao, the Dao Sect would fight to the death!
In addition to Wu Li who was about to break through … What happened next should be very fun!
However, this is still not enough! "
The Sacred Leader was a little curious. "Other than us and the Dao Sect, does he have any other enemies?"
The woman smiled and said, "Yes!
And there were a lot of them!
Because of the Dao scripture! "
As she spoke, she glanced at the sky and said softly, "There are some mysterious powers. However, these powers have hidden themselves too deeply!
Ordinary people did not even know of their existence!
And these mysterious powers are very interested in the Dao Scripture! "
The Holy Master asked, "Why?"
The woman laughed, "Because they all want to reach the level of the Dao Scripture's owner!"
The Hallowed Lord hesitated for a moment and said, "Master, in your opinion, how strong is the owner of that scripture?"
The woman's smile gradually disappeared. "Very strong!"
The Sacred Lord fell silent.
Very strong!
To be able to gain the approval of the master in front of him, he was definitely not an ordinary person!
The woman continued, "How could someone who could create a martial arts system be an ordinary person?"
As soon as she finished speaking, she looked up into the sky and said with a smile, "I'm going to see that little fellow!"
After saying that, she disappeared directly.
...
In the Five-Dimensional Universe.
After Ye Xuan parted ways with Lan Ruo, he returned to the Fifth Dimension. As soon as he did so, Nian Nian appeared in front of him.
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "You knew I was coming back?"
Nian Nian shook her head. "It was Sister Yue who told me!"
Yue Zun!
Ye Xuan gently rubbed Nian Nian's little head. "It's been hard on you these days, hasn't it?"
Nian Nian shook her head again. "It wasn't hard!"
As she spoke, she raised her head and looked at Ye Xuan, "I've already finished reading those scriptures!"
Ye Xuan asked, "Are you done?"
Nian Nian nodded. "They're waiting for you!"
Ye Xuan held Nian Nian's hand. "Let's go!"
Nian Nian smiled sweetly and turned to leave with Ye Xuan.
At the moment they turned around, Ye Xuan did not notice that Nian Nian tilted her head slightly and glanced at the sky.
In the sky, in the clouds, a woman in a dark green dress smiled. "What a Fifth Dimension Tendo!"
This woman was the mysterious woman from the Holy Land.
The mysterious woman looked down.
Looking at the backs of Ye Xuan and Nian Nian below, she smiled and said, "It seems that I have to be careful of this Fifth Dimension Tendo …"
...
Inside the hall.
Ye Zhiming handed a scroll to Ye Xuan, "The contents and notes of the ninth volume, as well as mental cultivation methods and martial arts!"
As she spoke, she paused and said, "Only Nian Nian knows the contents!"
Ye Xuan looked at Yue Xi and Yue Zun who were not far away. Yue Xi smiled and said, "Young master Ye, the ninth volume of martial arts and mental cultivation methods, we …"
Ye Xuan pointed and the scroll in his hand flew to Yue Xi, "Sect Leader Yue, make a copy!"
Yue Xi was silent.
She also wanted the complete version of the ninth volume of martial arts and mental cultivation methods!
However, she was very clear that this was a bit greedy!
Moreover, most importantly, she wanted to bring the experts of Whirling Sect back to Whirling World.
It was too dangerous to continue staying here!
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Sect Leader Yue, this ninth volume originally belonged to Whirling Sect. Since you gave it to me, how could I keep it for myself?
Just accept this Dao scripture martial art and Dao scripture mental cultivation method! "
Yue Xi was silent.
Ye Xuan said again, "Sect Leader Yue and the others have been out for some time, they must be homesick, right?"
Yue Xi also looked homesick. Ye Xuan smiled and said, "I understand Sect Leader Yue's thoughts and also respect Sect Leader Yue's thoughts!"
Yue Xi's expression was complicated, "Young master Ye … I have to consider the whole sect, I'm sorry!"
After saying that, she turned and left.
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Sect Leader Yue Xi!"
Yue Xi stopped and turned to look at Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan took the scroll and walked to Yue Xi, "This is what your Whirling Sect deserves!
Also, your Whirling Sect does not owe me, Ye Xuan anything. On the contrary, I owe you a favor. "
After a moment of silence, Yue Xi said, "Young master Ye, take care!"
After saying that, she took the scroll and left.
Yue Zun looked at Ye Xuan, "Take care!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Take care!"
Yue Zun also left.
They left!
Ye Zhiming suddenly said, "With this, the Whirling Sect will take more than thirty Consolidation Realm experts with them!"
Ye Xuan said softly, "They have no obligation to stay and die with us!
Isn't that right? "
Ye Zhiming was silent.
At this time, Bai Dizi walked in.
Ye Xuan looked at Bai Dizi, "How is the situation in the Fifth Dimension now?"
Bai Dizi said in a deep voice, "After the Whirling Sect leaves, we still have sixty-eight Consolidation Realm experts!
As for our Fifth Dimension … we still don't have any Consolidation Realm experts. However, Miss An Lanxiu and the others are already trying to break through to the Consolidation Realm. If nothing unexpected happens, Miss An Lanxiu and the others will reach the Consolidation Realm within a month! "
Ye Xuan nodded. An Lanxiu, Xiao Qi, Aro, Zhang Wenxiu, and the other girls had always been the focus of the Fifth Dimension's nurturing!
It could be said that all the resources were prioritized toward them!
Bai Dizi said again, "According to my people's investigation, the Dao Sect has already called for their disciples to return to the sect. In addition, they are also mobilizing some forces that are attached to them. They may be making a big move recently!"
A big move!
Ye Xuan was silent for a moment, then said, "What about the Boundless Sacred Ground?"
Bai Dizi shook his head, "There is no movement from this force."
Ye Xuan frowned slightly, "No movement?"
Bai Dizi nodded.
Ye Xuan said softly, "Miss Lanruo told me that we must be careful of the Boundless Sacred Ground because the former Daoting is their mortal enemy. Moreover, Qing Zhu and the others are still exiled …"
Bai Dizi said in a deep voice, "This force will not let us grow!"
Ye Xuan nodded, "You shouldn't be able to find anything. I will ask Xuan City to help investigate this force!"
Bai Dizi nodded, "Alright!"
Ye Xuan looked at Bai Dizi, "How's the Power of Faith?
Why don't I feel anything? "
Bai Dizi smiled, "You!
Try activating your God's Seal! "
Ye Xuan nodded, he activated the God's Seal. The next moment, his face changed instantly!
Endless Power of Faith surged out from the God's Seal and converged towards his body like a tide.
Gradually, Ye Xuan's face changed!
Because he found that after the Power of Faith entered his body, it completely merged with his body!
The White Emperor's son smiled and said, "This is the purest power of faith!
With the support of this Power of Faith, your combat strength will increase by at least two to three levels. If it's a little more, your strength will become even more terrifying! "
Power of Faith!
Ye Xuan spoke softly, "I finally understand why some people like to deceive others!"
Needless to say, the Power of Faith was really extraordinary. Moreover, one didn't need to cultivate. So long as others believed in one, one would be able to obtain an endless supply of Power of Faith!
It was simply like becoming stronger while lying down!
At this time, the White Emperor's Son said, "I invited the Ancient Clan, the Southern Yue Clan, and the Xuan City to discuss the Taoist scriptures. Among these forces, the Chi Clan of the Heavenly Oblivion Galaxy did not come. I'm afraid this force will become our enemy!
Ye Xuan asked, "What's the attitude of the ancient race and Southshine Clan?"
Bai Dizi looked at Ye Xuan, "They've already made it clear that they won't become enemies with us, and they won't interfere in the matter between us and the Dao Sect!"
Ye Xuan nodded, "In other words, our biggest enemy now is the Dao Sect."
Bai Dizi nodded, "We still don't know anything about the Dao Sect's strength, and it's extremely disadvantageous to us!
However, I believe they're definitely afraid of the white robed woman and Miss Tingyun!
Otherwise, with their strength, they would've made a move long ago! "
Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes. With his current strength, killing a Consolidation Realm expert was basically no problem!
However, the Dao Sect didn't just have Consolidation Realm experts!
Moreover, as the birthplace of the Dao Scriptures, this place was definitely not that simple!
At this moment, Ye Zhiming suddenly said, "Should we awaken the Spirit of the Great Dao?"
Ye Xuan looked at Ye Zhiming, "Can we awaken it?"
Ye Zhiming nodded, "As long as we combine the nine Dao Scriptures!"
Just as Ye Xuan was about to speak, Nian Nian suddenly said, "No!"
Ye Xuan and the other two looked at Nian Nian. Nian Nian was stunned, then a little confused, "What's wrong?"
Ye Xuan looked at Nian Nian, "You just said no!"
Nian Nian looked at Ye Xuan, still a little confused, "Did I say that?"
Ye Xuan and Ye Zhiming looked at each other, and Ye Zhiming sent a voice transmission with Xuan Qi, "She's weird sometimes!"
Ye Xuan glanced at Nian Nian, he gently rubbed her little head, and said softly, "If we summon the Spirit of the Great Dao now, what do you think will happen?"
Bai Dizi said solemnly, "Not to mention anything else, the Dao Sect will definitely fight us to the death, and some of the forces that are still watching will probably take action to snatch the Dao Scriptures and the Spirit of the Great Dao …"
Ye Xuan squatted down, looked at Nian Nian, and smiled slightly, "I understand!"
Nian Nian held Ye Xuan's hand tightly.
A moment later, while Ye Xuan and the others were discussing matters, Nian Nian left the main hall.
After leaving the main hall, Nian Nian unknowingly came to a cloud. To be precise, she came to the woman in a dark green dress.
The woman looked at Nian Nian in front of her, smiling without saying a word.
Nian Nian looked at the woman, and a moment later, she suddenly smiled, "Isn't it good to be alive?"
The woman blinked, "I remember you saying before that no one can kill you without using three strikes, right?"
Nian Nian nodded, "I did!"
The woman's lips curled up, "I'm a little more arrogant than you. If I don't use three strikes, I can kill anyone I want!"
....
PS: I also want to be able to say something especially awesome one day: If I don't use it, who dares to be first in the monthly votes?
Everyone, do you think I'll ever have the chance to say something so awesome in my life?








Chapter 1461
Three strikes!
Nian Nian looked at the woman in front of her. "How arrogant!"
The woman smiled and said, "Same to you!"
Nian Nian said, "Let's go?"
The woman nodded. "Alright!"
The two women strolled through the clouds.
Nian Nian said softly, "You're the first person to discover me!"
The woman smiled and said, "You're also the first person to discover me!"
Nian Nian turned her head and looked down. "The current Five-Dimensional Universe is the Five-Dimensional Universe in my heart!"
The woman nodded. "You didn't misjudge me!"
Nian Nian smiled and said, "Yes!"
She was quite proud!
The woman chuckled and said, "You shouldn't have gotten involved in his karma."
Nian Nian shrugged. "It's too late to retreat now.
Isn't that so? "
The woman glanced at Nian Nian and smiled. "You don't want to retreat!"
Nian Nian blinked. "I'm his Sister Nian!"
The woman looked up at the sky and said softly, "You deliberately lost your memory because you didn't want to be targeted by the calamity on him. You wanted to use another method to protect him!"
Nian Nian smiled and said, "You didn't dare to attack directly because of the woman in the plain dress!"
The woman nodded. "I can't beat her!"
Nian Nian said, "I can't beat her either!"
The two women looked at each other and smiled.
At this moment, the woman stopped. She looked down and said softly, "Do you know?
The moment I saw him, I almost gave up! "
Nian Nian was a little curious. "Why?"
The woman smiled and said, "I don't know why either!
I can't explain that feeling. "
Nian Nian asked, "What's his relationship with you?"
The woman smiled. "He can be considered family!"
Nian Nian blinked. "Considered family?"
The woman nodded. "Very close!"
Nian Nian smiled and said, "And you wanted to kill him!
It looks like there's a story! "
The woman smiled and said, "There's indeed a story!
However, it's all the grudges of the older generation. I don't want to talk about it! "
Nian Nian blinked. "I think there's someone responsible for every grievance. What do you think?"
The woman laughed. "I think you're right. However, if I kill him, he definitely deserves it."
Nian Nian was silent.
The woman stopped. She looked at the sky and said softly, "You won't dare to recover your memories in a short period of time, and you won't dare to forcefully interfere with his matters. Am I right?"
Nian Nian nodded. "Yes."
The woman said with a smile, "Then we shall meet again!"
After saying that, she walked into the distance.
Behind him, Nian Nian looked at the woman in silence.
At that moment, a man appeared behind Nian Nian.
It was Ye Xuan!
Ye Xuan looked at Nian Nian. "Nian Nian, who is she?"
Nian Nian was stunned. The calmness in her eyes turned into confusion. She looked up at Ye Xuan. "Who is it?"
Ye Xuan pointed at the woman who had already disappeared in the distance. "That woman!"
Nian Nian looked into the distance. A moment later, she said softly, "I don't know!"
Ye Xuan frowned slightly.
There was something wrong with Nian Nian!
At this moment, Nian Nian grabbed Ye Xuan's hand. "Let's go!"
Ye Xuan looked at Nian Nian and asked softly, "Are you alright?"
Nian Nian shook her head slightly. "I'm fine!"
Ye Xuan squatted down and stared at Nian Nian. "Are you really alright?"
Nian Nian lowered her head slightly and said softly, "I … I don't know either. I've been having some strange dreams recently!"
Ye Xuan asked softly, "What dream?"
Nian Nian shook her head. "Just thinking about it gives me a headache!"
Ye Xuan hurriedly said.
"Then I won't think about it anymore!"
As he said that, he gently rubbed Nian Nian's little head. "Let's go back!"
Nian Nian nodded. "Alright!"
Ye Xuan turned his head and looked in the direction that the woman had disappeared in. Then, he pulled Nian Nian and left.
...
Dao Sect.
In a certain hall, the Fourth Dao Elder was sitting cross-legged on the ground. At that moment, his body had already condensed, but it was no longer a Dao Body!
His Dao Body had been shattered by that woman!
If he wanted to cultivate it again, it would be extremely difficult!
In front of the Fourth Dao Elder was a statue of a middle-aged man. The middle-aged man held an ancient scroll in his hand and looked very elegant and quiet.
This person was the Dao Sect's Patriarch!
The founder of the Dao Scripture!
At that moment, an old man walked in and bowed respectfully to the Fourth Dao Elder. "We received news that Ye Xuan seems to be looking for the white-robed woman and Situ Tingyun!"
The Fourth Dao Elder opened his eyes. "Have you found them?"
The old man shook his head. "I don't know!"
The Fourth Dao Elder was silent. After a moment, he said again, "Any news from the Second Master?"
The old man shook his head. "No news at all!"
The Fourth Dao Elder asked again, "What about the Holy Land?
What exactly is their attitude? "
The old man said in a deep voice, "The Holy Land … They're a little perfunctory!"
The Fourth Dao Elder frowned slightly. "What do you mean?"
The old man said, "What the Holy Land means is that they are also mortal enemies with Ye Xuan, but they have no intention of making a move!
I think they want us to fight Ye Xuan to the death first, and then they'll reap the benefits! "
The Fourth Dao Elder's face was expressionless. "Idiots!
They're still scheming against us even now. It's impossible for the Holy Land to achieve anything! "
The old man nodded. "Besides the Holy Land, Dark City, the Ancient Clan, and the Southshine Clan have expressed that they won't interfere in the matter between us and Ye Xuan!"
The Fourth Dao Elder looked at the old man. "Dark City has expressed its position as well?"
The old man nodded.
The Fourth Dao Elder fell silent.
The old man continued, "Our Dao Sect's disciples have basically all returned, and those who haven't are on their way back!
Besides that, some of our subordinate powers have sent their strongest experts to our Dao Sect as well. "
As he spoke, he looked at the Fourth Dao Elder. "Fourth Master, when do you think we should make a move?"
The Fourth Dao Elder shook his head. "Ye Xuan alone can kill him as easily as killing a chicken!
But what happens after he's killed?
The people behind him will definitely launch a frenzied revenge against our Dao Sect!
Moreover, if they continue to target our Dao Sect while hiding in the shadows, then our Dao Sect will be in an extremely bad situation!
So, if we want to kill Ye Xuan, we must first destroy the powers behind him, and we can use Ye Xuan to draw them out. "
The old man hesitated for a moment before he said, "Fourth Master's words make sense. However, we still don't understand the powers behind Ye Xuan …."
The Fourth Dao Elder spoke softly, "It doesn't matter. So long as Ye Xuan is here, they will show themselves!
This time, our Dao Sect will go all out. Let me see if the powers behind him can fight our Dao Sect! "
As he spoke, he gazed at the old man. "Use all the connections of our Dao Sect and invite all the experts we can. Moreover, tell them that our Dao Sect will share all the Dao Scriptures once we succeed!"
Share all the Dao Scriptures!
The old man nodded slightly. "Alright!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he turned around and left.
Within the hall, the Fourth Dao Elder slowly closed his eyes.
At this moment, he recalled what Ye Ling had said before he left.
Ye Xuan had a sister!
The woman in the plain dress!
Previously, the Dao Sect had sent people to look for the woman in the plain dress, but all of them had died!
However, this didn't mean anything because with his strength, it wouldn't be too difficult for him to kill ten Consolidation Realm experts!
Moreover, if the woman in the plain dress wasn't strong enough …
It was very likely that she had already been injured when she killed the ten Consolidation Realm experts of the Dao Sect.
If that was the case, then this woman in the plain dress would be the breakthrough point for the Dao Sect!
However, he was still a little worried!
He was worried that Ye Ling was lying to him!
However, the problem was that an expert of this level shouldn't be lying, right?
...
Somewhere in the starry sky, there was a city in this star field. This city wasn't big, it was just a small city.
Divine City.
This city was extremely special. Very few people in the world knew about it because there was a requirement to enter this city!
That was to be at least half a step into the Divine Realm!
It could be said that this city was a club, a club of top experts.
On this day, a middle-aged man came to the Divine City. This person was the Second Dao Elder!
After the Second Dao Elder entered the city, there was only a small tavern in the city.
The Taoist Second Brother arrived at the tavern. At this time, the tavern was a little deserted. There were only three people in the tavern: a tavern manager who was calculating with an abacus, a waiter who was cleaning the tables and chairs, and a swordsman who was drinking.
Seeing the Second Dao Elder, the tavern owner smiled slightly. "What do you need, sir?"
The Second Dao Elder walked in front of the tavern owner. "I'm looking for someone!"
The tavern owner shook his head. "Sir, this is a place to drink."
The Second Dao Elder looked at the tavern owner. He took out a storage ring and placed it in front of the tavern owner. The tavern owner glanced at it. There were a total of one billion Fortune Divine Crystals in the storage ring!
One billion!
This was a huge sum of money!
The tavern owner glanced at the Second Dao Elder. "Who are you looking for!"
The Second Dao Elder said in a deep voice, "The Third Young Lady!"
The tavern owner asked, "The Third Young Lady of the Dao Sect?"
The Second Dao Elder nodded.
The tavern owner put away the storage ring and pointed to a table in front of him. "Half a month ago, she drank here."
The Second Dao Elder frowned slightly. "Where is she now?"
The tavern owner said, "The Northern Wilderness!"
The Second Dao Elder was stunned.
The Northern Wilderness!
Not far away, the swordsman who was drinking suddenly stopped.
The tavern owner said with a smile, "It's not too late to chase after her now!"
The Second Dao Elder was silent.
The tavern owner said with a smile, "Would you like a cup of Spring Sword?"
The Second Dao Elder took out another storage ring and placed it in front of the tavern owner. "Ask about someone!"
The tavern owner put away the storage ring and said, "Who?"
The Second Dao Elder looked at the tavern owner. "Ye Xuan!"
Ye Xuan!
The tavern owner was stunned and asked, "The Five-Dimensional Universe?"
The Second Dao Elder nodded.
After a moment of silence, the tavern owner put the storage ring back in its original position and shook his head.
The Second Dao Elder frowned slightly. "Do you not know or do you not dare to say?"
The tavern owner said with a smile, "I know a little about Dao Yi, but I can't say!"
The Second Dao Elder stared at the tavern owner. "You can't say?"
The tavern owner nodded.
The Second Dao Elder was silent.
Who was this Ye Xuan?
Why were the people of this place so afraid of him?
One must know that the Dao sects did not dare to be arrogant in this place!
At this moment, the tavern owner suddenly said, "Dear customers, we are going to close!"
The Second Dao Elder glanced at the story and turned to leave.
Not far away, the swordsman put down his wine glass and got up to leave.
Not long after the two left, the tavern owner came to a room in the tavern and bowed slightly. "Master …"
Inside the room, a voice sounded. "Are you wondering why I didn't let you investigate that Ye Xuan?"
The tavern owner nodded. "This disciple is indeed puzzled!"
Inside the room, the voice was silent for a long time before saying, "The son of an old friend!"
The tavern owner: "…"
...








Chapter 1462
After Second Brother left the tavern, he went straight to the Northern Wilderness!
Along the way, Second Brother's expression was solemn.
He came to the Divine City for two purposes. One was to find the Third Young Lady, and the other was to inquire about Ye Xuan's background!
In his opinion, this tavern should know about Ye Xuan's background!
What he did not expect was that the tavern's people did not dare to say it!
It was not that they did not know, but they did not dare to say it!
This was thought-provoking!
In any case, Taoism had no way out now!
Second Brother sped up.
...
In the Five-Dimensional Universe.
On this day, Ye Xuan came to a hall. Inside the hall stood a middle-aged man!
The Ninth Master!
Ye Xuan walked to the Ninth Master and took out a scroll and handed it to him.
The Ninth Master glanced at the scroll. It was a Dao Scripture!
A complete version of Dao Scripture!
The Ninth Master looked at Ye Xuan and smiled. "You're giving it to me just like that?"
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Are you touched?"
The Ninth Master shook his head and smiled. "A little, but … are you really giving it to me just like that?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "You've helped me a lot along the way."
The Ninth Master thought for a moment and said. "Actually, I'm afraid of the plain-dressed woman!"
Ye Xuan blinked. "Senior, I've heard you say that you can take two strikes from Qing 'er … This …"
The Ninth Master laughed. "Ye Xuan, you're not a good friend!
How dare you slap my face! "
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Take it!"
The Ninth Master's expression was complicated. "To be honest, we've all underestimated her!"
As he said, he looked at Ye Xuan. "Back then, I was still very weak. In my opinion, she was only one or two levels higher than me. But now, it seems that my thoughts were too ridiculous."
Ye Xuan was silent.
Didn't he also underestimate Qing 'er's strength?
Meanwhile, the 9th House added, "Actually, we might be underestimating her as well!"
Ye Xuan looked at the ninth floor. "What do you mean?"
The Ninth Floor smiled, "Because we have been using our knowledge to measure her, but she has already surpassed our knowledge.
Just like a frog at the bottom of a well, it has always used its own thoughts to measure the sky outside. Even if it feels that the sky might be bigger than it imagined, how could it have imagined that the sky was not as big as it imagined? "
As he spoke, he looked at Ye Xuan. "It's not that your enemy is too stupid, it's that she's too strong!
It's so abnormal that it shouldn't even exist in this world! "
Ye Xuan was silent.
At this moment, he thought of Bai Dizi.
Bai Dizi had actually been paying attention to the plain-dressed lady all along. But in the end, he discovered that he had still underestimated her!
Including him, Ye Xuan!
Back in Green City, he had thought that Qing 'er was a sword deity … But now, it seemed that it was such a stupid idea!
The Ninth House said, "I'm telling you one thing. The Daoists aren't scary because they don't know the true strength of the plain-dressed lady!
What's scary?
He was the kind of person who knew the true strength of the plainly dressed woman, but still dared to make an enemy out of her!
This kind of person is a real threat to you. "
Ye Xuan nodded. "I understand what you mean!"
The Ninth House smiled. "At first, I thought you were just a prophet in the afterlife. But then I realized that things aren't that simple!"
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "To be honest, I'm still very confused about many things!"
The Ninth House said, "Becoming stronger is the way to go!
However, I realized that no matter how hard you try to become stronger, your enemy will always be much stronger than you … What a tragedy! "
Ye Xuan was speechless. "You're taking pleasure in my misfortune!"
The Ninth House laughed. "By the way, I have to go too!"
Ye Xuan was puzzled. "Go?"
The Ninth House nodded. "I've been away for so long. Now that I've regained my freedom, I want to go back and have a look!"
Ye Xuan hesitated, then asked, "Will you come back?"
The Ninth House smiled. "Yes!"
Ye Xuan took out a Storage Ring and handed it to the Ninth House. "Take care!"
With that, he turned and left.
The Ninth House glanced at the Storage Ring and was stunned the next moment.
There were ten million Fortune Divine Crystals in the Storage Ring!
...
After parting ways with the Ninth House, Ye Xuan came to a silent starry sky. In his hand was the Supreme Sword!
He didn't immediately cultivate the Ninth Dao Scripture's cultivation method and martial arts because he hadn't even cultivated the Instant Kill Sword and the Burning Heaven Sword to their limits!
What he needed to do now was to use this sword to cultivate his Instant Kill Swordsman to his limits. Only then would he consider cultivating the Ninth Dao Scripture's martial arts!
While Ye Xuan was cultivating, a few new Half-Step Consolidation Realm experts appeared in the Fifth Dimension!
An Lanxiu!
When he learned that An Lanxiu had broken through, Bai Dizi was also shocked!
He knew that An Lanxiu and the other girls were talented, but he didn't expect that An Lanxiu would reach the Half-Step Consolidation Realm so quickly after obtaining cultivation resources!
Faster than White Robe and Zhen Wu!
Although it was only a half-step, it was still very terrifying!
Not long ago, An Lanxiu was only in the Dao Realm!
How long had it been to reach the Half-Step Consolidation Realm?
Of course, this was a very good thing for the current Fifth Dimension!
Currently, the Fifth Dimension was lacking in experts!
...
The Northern Wilderness.
The Northern Wilderness was a wasteland, and this wasteland was not simple. It could even be called a forbidden area.
Even a half-step Divine Realm expert would not dare to step into it!
The reason why this place became a forbidden area was because the Dao Sect's ancestor had set up a powerful enchantment here.
No one knew why the Dao Sect's ancestor set up a enchantment here, not even the people of the Dao Sect!
Although countless years had passed, the enchantment was still strong. Only half-step Divine Crystal Realm experts could barely get close to this wasteland.
The Second Dao Brother came to the top of a mountain. Below the mountain was a wasteland. At first glance, it was a blurry wasteland.
Enchantment!
The Second Dao Brother looked into the distance, his face a little gloomy.
He was already too late!
At this time, a man with a long blade suddenly appeared behind the Second Dao Brother.
The Second Dao Brother glanced at the man with the long blade. "You've been following me for so long, what's the matter?"
The man with the long blade was expressionless. "Do you need a thug?"
The Second Dao Brother narrowed his eyes slightly. "What do you want!"
The man with the long blade said, "As far as I know, your master once created a sword skill. No one in your Dao Sect can successfully cultivate this sword skill, right?"
The Second Dao Brother looked at the man. "You're Blade Addict!"
The man said, "Give me that scroll, I'll kill that Ye Xuan for you!"
The Second Dao Brother shook his head. "You can't kill him by yourself."
The man looked at the Second Dao Brother. "I can try!"
The Second Dao Brother said in a deep voice. "I can give you that scroll, but I have a condition. This condition is not for you to kill Ye Xuan, because you can't kill him by yourself!
What I want is for you to follow me to the Dao Sect. When I want you to attack, attack! "
After a moment of silence, the Blade Addict nodded. "Okay!"
The Second Dao Brother pointed his finger and an ancient scroll appeared in front of the man. "This is the first half.
It's the first half. I'll give you the second half after we kill Ye Xuan! "
The Blade Addict said, "Okay!"
The Second Dao Brother slowly clenched his right hand, a strange light flashed in his eyes.
He suddenly realized something!
That was because there were too many martial arts manuals in the Dao Sect. In addition to the Dao scriptures, there were many other martial arts, and these martial arts had a fatal temptation to the experts outside!
If the Dao Sect was willing, who knew how many experts would rush to the Dao Sect to help!
Thinking of this, the Second Dao Brother sneered. He turned around and left!
Back to the Dao Sect!
...
After returning to the Dao Sect, the Second Dao Brother immediately used the Dao Sect's resources to invite experts from all over the heavens to the Dao Sect!
Under the temptation of those martial arts manuals, more and more Consolidation Realm experts rushed to the Dao Sect!
Because there were not only martial arts manuals, but also Dao scriptures, martial arts, and some Dao techniques. These were things that countless people dreamed of!
Under such temptation, not many people could resist!
...
On this day, the Second Dao Brother personally came to the Sacred Land.
The Holy Temple.
The Second Dao Brother looked at the Holy Lord in front of him. "Holy Lord, this time, the Dao Sect will do its best to kill Ye Xuan!"
The Holy Lord was silent.
The Second Dao Brother smiled. "Holy Lord, you should have some understanding of the forces behind Ye Xuan. To be honest, if we cooperate sincerely, this time, Ye Xuan will definitely die!"
The Holy Lord looked at the Second Dao Brother. "What's your Senior Brother's attitude?"
Senior Brother!
The Second Dao Brother shook his head. "His attitude isn't important. What's important is that I represent the entire Dao Sect."
As he spoke, he looked at the Holy Lord. "Holy Lord, tell me if you want to join forces.
Of course, if the Sacred Land wants to see the Dao Sect and Ye Xuan fight to the death, it's not impossible. However, if the Dao Sect loses, I hope the Sacred Land will have a good ending! "
With that, he stood up and left.
The Holy Lord did not speak.
Just as the Second Dao Brother was about to leave the hall, the Holy Lord suddenly looked at him. "The Sacred Land is willing to help!"
The Second Dao Brother looked at the Holy Lord. The Holy Lord smiled. "How about this? If the white-robed woman and Situ Tingyun appear, the Sacred Land will help you deal with them. However, we won't care about anything else!"
After a moment of silence, the Second Dao Brother said, "Alright!"
The Holy Lord asked, "When do we act?"
The Second Dao Brother glanced at the Holy Lord. "Very soon!"
With that, he turned around and vanished.
After the Second Dao Brother left, the Holy Lord immediately went to the small bamboo house in the mountain behind the Sacred Land. At this moment, the mysterious woman was watering the flowers in the garden.
The Holy Lord looked at the mysterious woman. "Master, are we really going to act?"
The mysterious woman smiled. "What do we act?"
The Holy Lord was stunned. "Just now, Master asked me to agree to the Second Dao Brother's request …"
The mysterious woman smiled. "If we don't agree, do you think he would dare to start a war against the entire Fifth Dimension?
Even if he wants to, he wouldn't dare because he's afraid that someone else will take advantage of the situation!
He'll only be at ease if we agree to his request. After that, he'll go find Ye Xuan and fight to the death! "
The Holy Lord hesitated for a moment before he said, "Can he win?"
The mysterious woman said softly, "I'm not asking him to fight. I'm asking Ye Xuan to form an irreconcilable enmity with the Daoist Sect. As long as Ye Xuan forms an irreconcilable enmity with the Daoist Sect, it'll be equivalent to forming an irreconcilable enmity with the Daoist Sect's Ancestor … He obtained the nine Daoist scriptures, and it was originally a good karma. But now, this good karma is about to turn into a bad karma … How wonderful!"
As she spoke up to this point, she looked up at the sky and said softly, "That person from the Ultimate Martial Realm should be about to break through as well!"
....
PS: Those who are reading should be voting as well!
I'm already prepared!
Throw in the votes!








Chapter 1463
In the Five-Dimensional Universe.
In the starry sky, Ye Xuan opened his palm. Thousands of feet away, a ray of sword light appeared and a certain space was torn apart!
Insta-kill Sword!
With the help of this unparalleled sword, his Insta-kill Sword had reached his limit!
The true limit!
This was because Insta-kill Sword could no longer increase his sword speed!
Although it could no longer increase his speed, it could increase his strength and the power of his sword techniques!
In other words, other than reaching the limit of his speed, there was still room for improvement in other areas!
At this moment, a lady suddenly appeared not far away from Ye Xuan.
It was Lan Ruo!
Ye Xuan looked at Lan Ruo, a little surprised. "Miss Lan Ruo?"
Lan Ruo walked to Ye Xuan with a serious expression. "I have bad news for you!"
Ye Xuan said, "Dao Faction is going to make a move?"
Lan Ruo nodded. "Not just Dao Faction!
They made use of Dao Faction's resources and connections to gather many experts to head to Dao Faction!
These people are not to be underestimated! "
Ye Xuan asked, "How many?"
Lan Ruo glanced at Ye Xuan. "Are you sure you want to know?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Of course!"
Lan Ruo said, "The Dao Sect itself has at least 460 Consolidation Realm experts. Now, including the experts from their vassal forces, as well as those who have been tempted by martial arts manuals, there are at least 600 Consolidation Realm experts in the Dao Sect now. Among them, there are many who have no lack of Consolidation Realm experts."
Ye Xuan was silent.
This lineup was enough to crush the entire Five-Dimensional Universe!
Lan Ruo continued, "In addition, Second Brother Dao has personally gone to the Holy Land. This means that the Holy Land should have agreed to make a move!
As for the strength of the Holy Land, we can't find anything! "
Can't find anything!
Ye Xuan said softly, "Seems like I should be more worried about the Holy Land!"
Lan Ruo looked at Ye Xuan. "How are you going to deal with Dao Faction!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "We can only fight!"
Lan Ruo frowned. "Fight head-on?"
Ye Xuan said softly, "We definitely can't fight them head-on."
Lan Ruo asked, "Call for help?"
Ye Xuan shook his head.
Lan Ruo was a little puzzled. "Why didn't you call for help?"
Ye Xuan smiled bitterly. "Because I don't know where they are!"
Lan Ruo was stunned. "Are you sure?"
Ye Xuan smiled bitterly. "Miss Lanruo, do you think I need to lie to you?"
Lan Ruo said in a low voice, "Then you're in a rather bad situation now!"
Ye Xuan looked at Lan Ruo and smiled. "Miss Lan Ruo, thank you for reminding me."
Lan Ruo shook his head. "It's just a small matter!"
As she said that, she looked at Ye Xuan. "I don't know what strategy you have, but I want to tell you that if the person behind you doesn't make a move, that door is like a mountain to you, a mountain that you can't overcome!
Take care! "
After saying that, she turned around and disappeared.
Where he was, Ye Xuan looked at the Supreme Sword in his hand and chuckled. "It's time to taste blood!"
After saying that, he disappeared.
...
Dao Domain.
At this moment, the Dao Domain was unprecedentedly lively because countless Consolidation Realm experts were rushing over.
On this day, a man in black arrived at the Dao Domain.
This man in black was naturally Ye Xuan!
However, at this moment, he was dressed in black and looked completely different from before.
He wanted to see how the Dao Sect was going to deal with him!
The moment Ye Xuan entered the Dao Domain, the space in front of him suddenly trembled. The next moment, an old man appeared in front of Ye Xuan.
The old man looked at Ye Xuan. "May I know who you are?"
Ye Xuan was about to speak when a voice sounded from the horizon. "I didn't expect the Young Master Ye of the Fifth Dimension to personally come to my Dao Sect. What a surprise!"
After saying that, a middle-aged man appeared in front of Ye Xuan.
The person who came was Dao Brother Second!
And around him, countless experts appeared one after another!
All of them were at the Consolidation Realm!
In an instant, Ye Xuan was directly surrounded!
Ye Xuan was silent.
'I'm off to a bad start!'
However, he didn't understand how the other party found him.
In the sky, Dao Brother Second looked at Ye Xuan. "Ye Xuan, you underestimate my Dao Sect!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Indeed, I underestimated you!"
Dao Brother Second looked at Ye Xuan. "Everyone, kill this person, and my Dao Sect will fulfill its promise to you immediately!"
Hearing this, the hundreds of Consolidation Realm experts present all looked at Ye Xuan in unison.
Why did they come here?
Naturally, it was because they wanted to obtain some of the Dao Sect's martial arts manuals!
Especially the Dao scriptures of the Dao Sect!
At this moment, someone was about to make a move, but Ye Xuan suddenly laughed in the distance. "You don't really think that I came alone, do you?"
Hearing this, those who were about to make a move stopped.
They naturally knew about Ye Xuan.
Now, who didn't know that there was a mysterious force behind Ye Xuan?
In the sky, Dao Brother Second looked at Ye Xuan. "Are you trying to scare me?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Dao Brother Second, do you think I would come here to die for nothing?"
Dao Brother Second looked at Ye Xuan with a calm expression. "Then what are you doing here?"
Ye Xuan was silent.
In fact, he really wanted to directly draw his sword and kill this Dao Brother Second.
However, he wasn't completely confident!
First of all, Dao Brother Second was an expert who surpassed the Consolidation Realm. Secondly, Dao Brother Second had also cultivated a Dao Physique!
That Dao Physique was very likely to be able to block his sword strike!
At this moment, a middle-aged man not far away suddenly laughed. "I think that this Young Master Ye is here to die!"
Ye Xuan looked at the middle-aged man. The middle-aged man looked at Ye Xuan and said with a smile, "Ye Xuan, do you really think that the force behind you can fight against us?
You … "
At this moment, the middle-aged man's voice came to an abrupt halt. His eyes were wide open as he tightly clutched his throat. There was a sword mark on his throat, and blood kept flowing out, instantly dyeing his hands red!
At this moment, everyone present was dumbfounded!
He was killed?
Who killed him?
Soon, everyone looked at Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan glanced at the crowd and said with a smile, "Everyone, I'm here today to look for the Dao Sect. As for the others, please shut up!
Because I don't have time to argue with you! "
Everyone looked at Ye Xuan. At this moment, there was fear in their eyes.
Ye Xuan had just killed a Consolidation Realm expert!
Most importantly, they did not even see how Ye Xuan had wielded his sword!
The Second Elder was also a little shocked at this moment. He did not expect Ye Xuan to kill a Consolidation Realm expert with a single sword strike!
And it was so easy!
What kind of strength does this guy have?
At this time, Ye Xuan looked at the crowd and said with a smile, "Everyone, I know that Daoting uses some so-called martial arts.
The ancient books tempted you to come and kill me, Ye Xuan!
However, have you ever thought about why the Dao Sect would do that?
It's very simple, because the Dao Sect just wants you to be cannon fodder! "
Cannon fodder!
At this moment, an old man stood out. He looked at Ye Xuan and said, "Young Master Ye, do you know how many people we have here?"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "A few hundred people!"
The old man said calmly, "Young Master Ye, as far as I know, there are not even a hundred Consolidation Realm experts in the Five-Dimensional Universe. What do you think?"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "You're right!
In that case, you can make your move! "
The old man looked at Ye Xuan. He did not speak, nor did he make a move!
The Consolidation Realm experts present did not make a move either!
At this moment, they suddenly thought of something!
Why was Ye Xuan so fearless?
It was because of the force behind Ye Xuan!
Not to mention whether they could kill Ye Xuan, even if they did!
What would happen after they killed him?
Whoever killed Ye Xuan would definitely suffer the revenge of that mysterious force!
Not to mention, who could defeat the white-robed woman and Situ Tingyun?
If these two people took revenge, would they be able to survive?
Thinking of this, many people glanced at the Dao Sect in the distance. They could not stand out in this matter!
Seeing that no one made a move, Second Brother Dao slowly clenched his right hand. He knew that these people were all smart people. If he did not make a move, these people would definitely not stand out!
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly raised his right hand and slapped it in front of him.
Fen Tianjue!
As the palm fell, a wave of flames slanted out from Ye Xuan's palm. In an instant, the entire starry sky was shattered!
Seeing Ye Xuan suddenly make a move, the experts present were shocked. No one had expected Ye Xuan to suddenly make a move. The few Consolidation Realm experts who were closer to Ye Xuan were directly blasted into nothingness by Ye Xuan's Fen Tianjue, and the other Consolidation Realm experts were also shaken to the point of retreating.
Right at this moment, Second Brother Dao's voice suddenly resounded. "Where do you think you're going!?"
As soon as he finished speaking, Second Brother Dao suddenly stretched his right hand towards the space before him, and then he made a grabbing motion. An enormous hand that could hold up the sky tore through the starry sky over 50,000km away, and then it grabbed fiercely towards Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan suddenly turned around and slashed with his sword!
The Dao Sword!
This strike was swift like a bolt of lightning!
Bang!
The enormous hand trembled violently before it cracked apart, and Ye Xuan was blasted over 100km away. However, in the next moment, his entire body transformed into a strand of light and vanished.
The Dao Domain.
Second Brother Dao's expression was slightly gloomy because he noticed that Ye Xuan had vanished!
At this moment, he suddenly realized that he had slightly underestimated Ye Xuan.
He had greatly underestimated Ye Xuan!
Ye Xuan actually possessed the strength to instantly kill Consolidation Realm experts!
Moreover, he had also cultivated the Dao scripture martial arts of the Dao Sect to such an extent!
Without Second Brother Dao, the expressions of the Consolidation Realm experts present were extremely solemn. Ye Xuan's strength had greatly exceeded their expectations!
Was he really only at the Consolidation Realm?
In the field, it was so quiet that even a pin drop could be heard. Everyone's eyes were filled with fear.
At this moment, the surrounding hundreds of thousands of kilometers of starry sky had turned into a pitch-black spatial black hole. Not only that, but a powerful force was still constantly eroding the origin of the Dao Realm!
Second Brother Dao glanced around and was about to speak when his pupils suddenly shrank. He suddenly turned around, and as he did so, a ray of light from a sword arrived.
Second Brother Dao clenched his fists tightly, and at this moment, a sword directly pierced between his eyebrows …
...








Chapter 1464
Everyone in the field was shocked!
Ye Xuan turned around and attacked!
This was something no one had expected!
Even the Dao Second Brother did not expect this!
How dare Ye Xuan?
When Ye Xuan's sword pierced half an inch into the Dao Second Brother's eyebrows, it could no longer go in.
Dao Physique!
At this critical moment, the Dao Second Brother's Dao Physique played a life-saving role!
Seeing that he could no longer stab in, Ye Xuan stomped his right foot and rotated his right hand forward.
Boom!
The Dao Second Brother was instantly thrown thousands of feet away!
As for Ye Xuan, he turned around and disappeared into the end of the starry sky!
His attack failed, and he fled thousands of miles away!
In the starry sky, the Dao Second Brother slowly closed his eyes. The space between his eyebrows cracked into a spider web. Not only that, but his physical body had also suffered a certain degree of damage!
At this moment, the Dao Second Brother's expression was extremely ugly!
If it were not for his Dao Physique, he would have been killed by Ye Xuan's sword just now!
Even now, he still had lingering fear from that sword strike!
Because it was too fast!
It was so fast that even he could not react!
In the field, the expressions of the Consolidation Realm experts were extremely solemn. At this moment, their hearts were filled with fear!
At this moment, everyone could not help but ask themselves, if Ye Xuan's sword was aimed at them, would they be able to block it?
The answer was no!
Was Ye Xuan a killer or a Swordsman?
At this moment, the Dao Second Brother suddenly said, "Everyone, please take a rest."
After saying that, he turned around and left.
In the field, the Consolidation Realm experts looked at each other.
In fact, at this moment, some of them were already retreating because they realized that Ye Xuan did not look so easy to bully …
...
Somewhere in the starry sky, Ye Xuan stopped and slowly closed his eyes!
He had to say that it was a pity!
He could have killed the Dao Second Brother just now!
Dao Physique!
With his current strength, he still could not cut through the flesh with one sword!
There might be a chance if he slashed a few more times!
After a while, Ye Xuan left.
Ye Xuan did not return to the Fifth Dimension but went directly to the Boundless Sacred Land!
Boundless Holy Land!
Ye Xuan had always been wary of this mysterious force.
This time, he wanted to personally investigate this Boundless Sacred Ground.
Just as Ye Xuan stepped into the Saint realm, in the bamboo house at the back of the mountain, the woman who was reading an ancient book suddenly raised her head. She turned her head to look outside the bamboo house, and the corners of her lips curled up. "Interesting!"
As she spoke, she lowered her head and continued to read.
In the starry sky, Ye Xuan did not advance any further.
Because he realized that he seemed to have been discovered!
This feeling was a little absurd!
Ye Xuan looked in the direction of the Boundless Sacred Ground. Moments later, he turned around and left!
He did not take any more risks!
His current strength was not enough for him to take the risk!
After Ye Xuan left, in the bamboo house in the back mountain of the Holy Land, the mysterious woman smiled, "Very smart!"
At this moment, the Holy Master arrived in front of the bamboo house and bowed slightly, "Master, that Ye Xuan just went to the Dao Sect and then came to our Holy Land. He should have left by now!"
The woman said, "Ignore him!"
The Holy Master nodded. "Understood!"
After saying that, he quietly retreated.
In the bamboo house, the woman read the ancient book, and as she read, her eyes gradually became cold.
...
Ye Xuan arrived at Xuan City. As soon as he stepped into Xuan City, a man in black suddenly appeared behind him.
Ye Xuan turned around, and the man in black threw out his right hand.
Fifteen bloody heads appeared in front of Ye Xuan.
The man in black said, "All of them are Dao Sect's Consolidation Realm experts!"
Ye Xuan looked at the black-clothed man. The black-clothed man in front of him was the one who had killed the Taoism powerhouses at the auction!
He did not expect that the other party would dare to kill Dao Sect's experts!
Moreover, he had really killed fifteen Consolidation Realm experts!
At this moment, the man in black suddenly stretched out his right hand.
Ye Xuan flicked his finger, and a scroll appeared in front of the man in black.
It was the ninth Dao Scripture!
The man in black put away the Dao Scripture and turned to leave.
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly said, "There's another deal, do you want to do it?"
The man in black stopped, "What else do you have?"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "What do you think I can give you?"
The man in black was silent.
Ye Xuan said again, "Can you really understand the ninth Dao Scripture?"
The man in black opened the scroll, and a moment later, he asked, "Can you understand it?"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "I've already had people study the ninth Dao Scripture thoroughly!
Do you want it? "
The man in black was silent.
Ye Xuan said again, "The Whirling Sect has had the ninth Dao Scripture for so many years, but they still have not fully understood it. Do you think you're better than the Whirling Sect?"
The man in black said, "What do you want me to do?"
Ye Xuan said, "Follow me!"
The man in black shook his head, "No!
You're too dangerous!
Following you is equivalent to risking my life!
It's not worth it! "
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "What if I give you a satisfactory price?"
The man in black looked at Ye Xuan, "What's the price?"
Ye Xuan thought for a moment, then said, "Do you want to go to the Ninth Dimension?"
The Ninth Dimension!
The man in black was stunned.
Ye Xuan looked at the man in black, "I'm serious!"
The man in black said in a deep voice, "Are you really from the Ninth Dimension?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Yes!"
The man in black was silent for a moment, then said, "How can I believe you?"
Ye Xuan flicked his finger, and the Supreme Sword appeared in front of the man in black, "I brought this out from the Ninth Dimension, take a look!"
The man in black hesitated for a moment, then held the sword. The next moment, he suddenly looked up at Ye Xuan, "This …"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "You've never seen such a strange sword, right?"
The man in black was silent.
Ye Xuan continued, "You're now at the peak of the Consolidation Realm, do you want to reach a higher level?
For example, the Divine Realm? "
The man in black looked at Ye Xuan, "The force behind you is so strong, why do you still need me?"
Ye Xuan thought for a moment, then said, "I'm the son of the Ninth Dimension, I came here to gain experience, en, like the emperor of the secular world, do you understand?"
The man in black looked at Ye Xuan, "Why do I feel like you're bluffing?"
Ye Xuan said seriously, "I'm a Swordsman!
And I'm the world's top Swordsman!
Do you think such a powerful Swordsman would lie? "
The man in black was silent.
Ye Xuan continued, "Three years, you follow me for three years, after three years, I'll help you reach the Divine Realm, if not …"
Speaking of this, he looked at the man in black, "What's your surname?"
The man in black said, "Yang!"
Ye Xuan hurriedly said, "If I can't help you reach the Divine Realm, I'll change my surname to yours!"
The man in black was speechless.
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "I won't force you. If you don't want to, you can leave."
The black-clothed man shook his head. "Following you is too dangerous!"
With that, he turned to leave.
Meanwhile, Ye Xuan spoke abruptly, "You killed 15 members of the Daoist Sect. They won't let you off!"
The man in black stopped, and Ye Xuan said, "I'm about to summon the Spirit of the Great Dao. Do you really not want to witness the appearance of the Spirit of the Great Dao?
If you follow me, you will.
In order to obtain a detailed explanation of all the Dao scriptures, including the ninth volume.
If you were one of us, believe me, you wouldn't be able to understand this ninth scripture. "
The black-robed man opened the ancient scroll again. After looking at it for a moment, he disappeared.
The corners of Ye Xuan's mouth lifted slightly.
He knew that this person would come looking for him again!
Because he was absolutely unable to understand the ninth scripture!
If not for Nian Nian, even he and Ye Zhiming would not have been able to understand the ninth scripture!
Ye Xuan turned and left. He went to Xuan City and found Lan Ruo.
In a garden somewhere, two people were walking side by side.
Lan Ruo said softly, "I've underestimated you!"
Obviously, she already knew what Ye Xuan had done in the Dao Domain.
To be honest, she was also a little shocked!
Ye Xuan had instantly killed a Consolidation Realm powerhouse, and he had almost killed Dao Lao Er!
If Second Brother Dao didn't have a Dao physique, he would definitely be dead!
One had to know that Ye Xuan had a sword that specifically targeted souls. As long as he became a soul, his combat strength would drop by several levels in front of Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan looked at Lan Ruo and said with a smile, "Miss Lan Ruo, to be honest, I've come to you this time to ask for your help!"
Lan Ruo glanced at Ye Xuan and said, "Speak!"
Ye Xuan thought for a moment and said, "Are there any assassins in Xuan City?"
Lan Ruo looked at Ye Xuan and said, "Yes!"
Ye Xuan said, "The mental cultivation methods and martial arts of the Dao Realm from the first to the ninth volume of the Dao scriptures!"
Lan Ruo fell silent.
She was very tempted!
No force would not be tempted by the Dao scriptures, mental cultivation methods, and martial arts of the Dao sects.
However, she was still a little hesitant.
If she agreed to Ye Xuan's request, it would be equivalent to taking a risk with Xuan City.
As if he knew what Lan Ruo was thinking, Ye Xuan asked again, "Does the Dao sects know about these people in Xuan City?"
Lan Ruo shook her head. "They're some of Xuan City's trump cards!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "How about this? Let's say that these people were trained by the force behind me!"
Lan Ruo looked at Ye Xuan and said, "It's far from enough to deal with the Dao sects!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "I know!"
Lan Ruo was silent for a moment before she clapped her hands lightly. The next moment, ten shadows suddenly appeared behind Ye Xuan silently.
Ye Xuan's expression gradually turned solemn.
These ten people had appeared without any warning!
At this moment, he realized that he had underestimated these ancient forces!
The foundations of these forces were extraordinarily deep!
Lan Ruo looked at Ye Xuan and said, "These ten people are very proficient in assassination and tracking. Now, they will listen to your orders!"
Ye Xuan opened his palm and nine scrolls appeared in his hand. He passed the scrolls to Lan Ruo and said, "Nine scrolls of Dao scriptures, mental cultivation methods, and martial arts of the Dao World!"
Lan Ruo looked at Ye Xuan and said, "You're making a loss!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "We're friends. Why are we being so calculative?"
Lan Ruo hesitated for a moment before she clapped her hands lightly again. At this moment, another ten men in black appeared behind Ye Xuan!
Twenty super experts!
They were all assassins!
Lan Ruo looked at Ye Xuan and said, "They're all yours!"
Ye Xuan said softly, "Thank you!"
Lan Ruo smiled and said, "At the end of the day, you're the one who's making a loss!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Miss Lan Ruo, I'm going to do something big. So, we'll meet again!"
With that, he turned around and left with the twenty men!
Lan Ruo suddenly said, "Young Master Ye!"
Ye Xuan turned to look at Lan Ruo. Lan Ruo smiled and said, "We'll meet again!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Alright!"
With that, he disappeared with the twenty super assassins.
.....








Chapter 1465
Somewhere in the starry sky, Ye Xuan looked at the twenty people in front of him. These twenty people were all at the peak of the Consolidation Realm, and they were extremely good at concealment and assassination!
Twenty people was not a lot, but it would be different if there were twenty assassins!
Ye Xuan turned and looked in the direction of the Dao Domain.
He did not want to sit still and wait for death!
A moment later, Ye Xuan disappeared with the twenty people.
...
Dao Sect.
In a certain hall, Dao Brother Second sat cross-legged on the ground, his body emitting a dark green luster.
Healing!
Although Ye Xuan's sword had not killed him, it had caused considerable damage to his Dao body.
As if thinking of something, he suddenly opened his eyes, "Pass down the order, Ye Xuan already has the strength to easily kill a Consolidation Realm expert, let all Dao Sect disciples be careful."
Outside the hall, a voice sounded, "Yes!"
Inside the hall, Dao Brother Second slowly closed his eyes.
At this moment, he felt more and more uneasy.
Ye Xuan's strength was far beyond his expectations!
Now, Ye Xuan was only at the Dao Attainment Realm, but he already had the strength to hurt him. One had to know that there was a difference of two realms between him and Ye Xuan!
Not to mention the half-step Divine Realm, there was a world of difference between the Dao Attainment Realm and the Consolidation Realm!
And now, Ye Xuan could surpass two realms!
How terrifying was this?
Could this guy really be from the Ninth Dimension?
Naturally, he did not believe the nonsense that Ye Xuan said.
The Ninth Dimension?
If there really was such a place, the Dao Sect's Patriarch would have definitely mentioned it back then, but the Dao Sect's Patriarch had never mentioned this place!
Moreover, Ye Xuan loved to fool people the most, so how could he believe what he said?
At this moment, Dao Brother Fourth walked into the hall. At this moment, his physical body had already recovered.
Dao Brother Fourth said softly, "We can't delay any longer!"
Dao Brother Second was silent.
"Not long ago, Ye Xuan had a hard time killing a Dao Attainment realm cultivator, but now, he can easily kill a Consolidation realm cultivator!
His growth speed is too terrifying. If this continues, it won't be long before he can easily kill a Half-step Divine Stage expert or even a Divine Stage expert! "
The 2nd Dao Brother said, "We must deal with two people right now, the white robed woman and Situ Tingyun!"
The Fourth Elder said in a low voice, "Not only these two, but also Ye Ling and the woman in the plain dress!
Neither of them are simple. "
The Second Elder was silent. A moment later, he opened his eyes and looked at the statue in front of him with a complicated expression. "If Master was still here, who in this world would dare to bully the Taoist Faction?"
The Fourth Daoist fell silent.
Master!
When the Patriarch of the Dao Sect was still around, who dared to disrespect the Dao Sect?
Who dared to disrespect the Dao Sect?
Who in the world would dare to go against the words of the Dao Sect?
But now …
At this time, Fourth Daoist sighed in a low voice, "It's our incompetence!"
The Second Daoist said softly, "Indeed."
The Fourth Daoist said, "Because of what happened to Ye Xuan, many people have the intention to retreat. So, we can't delay any longer.
Didn't the Sacred Ground agree to let them deal with the white robed woman and Situ Tingyun?
If that's the case, then it'll be easy! "
The Second Daoist fell silent.
The Fourth Daoist asked, "Are you still worried about Ye Ling and the woman in the plain dress?"
The Second Daoist nodded, "Not just those two. I'm afraid that there are others behind him!
The strength of these people … "
The Fourth Daoist looked at the Second Daoist, "You're regretting it!"
The Second Daoist said softly, "Indeed!
My intuition tells me that we might be walking on a path of no return! "
The Fourth Daoist chuckled, "Second Senior Brother, have you ever thought about what will happen if Ye Xuan summons the Grand Dao Spirit?
When he summons the Spirit of the Great Dao, will you and I have to bow down to him? "
The Second Daoist fell silent.
The Grand Dao Spirit!
The reason why the Dao Sect still had no master was because the Dao Sect's ancestor had once said that the person who possessed the Grand Dao Spirit would be the next master of the Dao Sect.
Back then, the Dao Sect had internal strife in order to fight for the complete version of the Dao Scripture!
It was also because of the internal strife that the Dao Scripture was divided into nine parts and scattered across the heavens.
It was also because of that internal strife that the Dao Sect's strength had declined greatly.
At this moment, the Fourth Daoist suddenly said, "We have no way out!
We can only kill Ye Xuan at all costs, obtain the Dao Scripture, and then summon the Grand Dao Spirit! "
The Second Daoist nodded, "Indeed, there is no way out!"
Now that they had become enemies with Ye Xuan, it could be said that either Ye Xuan died or the Dao Sect died!
There was no other way!
They could only kill Ye Xuan!
With that thought, the Second Daoist stood up, "Gather everyone!"
The Fourth Daoist stood up and left.
Not long after, all the experts in the Dao Sect rushed toward the starry sky. In less than 15 minutes, there were more than 600 Consolidation Realm experts gathered in the starry sky of the Dao Sect!
Needless to say, this lineup was extremely terrifying!
More than 600 Consolidation Realm experts, it could be said that at least half of the Consolidation Realm experts in the world were here!
Although the Dao Sect was not as strong as it used to be, it still had the ability to rally people.
In the hall, the Second Daoist stood up and left. He came to a starry sky, and not far in front of him was the Holy Leader of the Boundless Sacred Land.
The Second Daoist looked at the Holy Leader, "If those two women appear, can the Sacred Land handle them?"
The Holy Leader smiled, "Yes!"
The Second Daoist nodded, "That's good!"
The Holy Leader suddenly said, "If we kill Ye Xuan, the Sacred Land wants a complete version of the Dao Scripture!"
The Second Daoist smiled, "No problem!"
The Holy Leader said, "Including the mental cultivation method and the Dao Scripture martial arts!"
The Second Daoist looked at the Holy Leader, "No problem!"
The Holy Leader nodded, "Go!
If those two women appear, the Sacred Land will stand up to them! "
With that, he turned and disappeared into the horizon.
In the field, the Second Daoist looked much more relaxed!
With the help of the Sacred Land, he had more confidence in killing Ye Xuan this time!
Soon, the Second Daoist and the Fourth Daoist led all the experts to the Fifth Dimension.
The two of them did not want to wait any longer!
This time, the Dao Sect really came out in full force.
Obviously, the Dao Sect wanted to fight to the death!
Not long after the Second Daoist and the others left the Dao Domain, Ye Xuan suddenly appeared in the Dao Domain.
He had been hiding in the dark for a long time, and only appeared when he saw the Second Daoist and the others leaving the Dao Domain.
He naturally would not fight with the Second Daoist and the others now!
Ye Xuan looked around. He had to say that the Dao Domain was very cold, very cold, because all the top experts of the Dao Sect had gone to the Fifth Dimension.
Ye Xuan walked down, and at this moment, an angry shout suddenly sounded from afar, "Who are you!"
Ye Xuan casually waved his sword, and a head flew hundreds of meters away.
At the same time, 20 black clothed men suddenly appeared silently in the surroundings, and it wasn't long before numerous shrill cries resounded incessantly.
Ye Xuan slowly walked to the front of a large hall, and there was a statue in front of the hall.
The statue of the Dao Sect's ancestor!
Ye Xuan glanced at the statue, and then walked toward the Dao Palace.
The Dao Palace was very cold, and there was not a single person!
Ye Xuan smiled, and he opened his palm, and the nine Dao Scriptures appeared in his hand. He glanced at the nine Dao Scriptures and said with a smile, "Let's see if you guys panic!"
With that, he slowly closed his eyes, and in front of him, the nine Dao Scriptures suddenly trembled!
Fusion!
The moment all the Dao Scriptures trembled, a mysterious aura suddenly rose from the Dao Sect, and went straight into the depths of the starry sky.
Dao Scriptures fusion!
....
On the other side, the Second Daoist and the others were rushing to the starry sky of the Fifth Dimension. At this moment, a voice sounded in his mind …
The Second Daoist frowned.
The Fourth Daoist asked, "Ye Xuan went to our Dao Domain?"
The Second Daoist nodded.
The Fourth Daoist frowned slightly. "Are we going back?"
The Second Daoist shook his head. "No, he will return to the Fifth Dimension by himself!
Because he is more anxious than us! "
The Fourth Daoist nodded.
Everyone continued forward!
Not long after, the Second Daoist stopped again, and a moment later, his pupils suddenly shrank. "He is fusing the Dao Scriptures, and he wants to summon the Great Dao Spirit back to the Dao Domain!"
With that, he directly turned and left.
The Fourth Daoist was stunned, and he immediately turned and left.
Summon the Great Dao Spirit!
Ye Xuan wants to summon the Great Dao Spirit in the Dao Domain?
Seeing the Second Daoist and the Fourth Daoist rush back, many people present were dumbfounded!
Not going to the Fifth Dimension?
A moment later, everyone hurriedly followed.
The Second Daoist and the others rushed back to the Dao Domain at their fastest speed. When they rushed back to the Dao Domain, Ye Xuan suddenly stopped.
The Second Daoist stared fixedly at Ye Xuan, and his face was terrifyingly gloomy!
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "I didn't expect that you would really come back!"
The Second Daoist slowly clenched his right hand. At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly smiled and said, "Second Daoist, if you attack, I will immediately fuse the Dao Scriptures and summon the Great Dao Spirit!"
The Second Daoist narrowed his eyes slightly. "Are you threatening me?"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Yes, I am!"
The Second Daoist stared fixedly at Ye Xuan, and he slowly clenched his right hand.
Summon the Great Dao Spirit!
If Ye Xuan really summoned the Great Dao Spirit, and the Great Dao Spirit helped Ye Xuan … At that time, they would be in a very awkward situation!
After all, the Patriarch of the Dao Faction had said that the person who obtained the recognition of the Great Dao Spirit would be the Master of the Dao Faction.
If Ye Xuan obtained the recognition of the Great Dao Spirit, then if he continued to kill Ye Xuan, it would be equivalent to going against the will of the Patriarch of the Dao Faction, and many people within the Dao Faction would probably rebel against him!
After all, many people in the Dao Faction respected the words of the Dao Faction's Patriarch like a god.
At this moment, the Fourth Daoist suddenly said, "Ye Xuan, fuse with it!"
The Second Daoist looked at the Fourth Daoist, and the Fourth Daoist smiled and said, "Let him fuse with it!"
The Second Daoist hesitated to speak.
Meanwhile, the Fourth Daoist sent a voice transmission to the Second Daoist, "Will the Great Dao Spirit recognize him after he fuses with it?"
The Second Daoist was stunned.
Right!
Will the Great Dao Spirit recognize Ye Xuan as its master?
Of course not!
Because after the Patriarch of the Dao Faction passed away, the Great Dao Spirit didn't submit to anyone. Otherwise, the Dao Faction wouldn't be without a leader now.
At the thought of this, the Second Daoist looked at Ye Xuan and said, "Ye Xuan, fuse with it!"
Ye Xuan fell silent, and he was slightly afraid.
Would the Great Dao Spirit do him in?
After all, the Great Dao Spirit belongs to the Dao Faction!
If it summoned a father, then it would be a pain in the ass!
....
PS: Give me a monthly ticket, and I will take you to the Ninth Dimension to play!
Those who write books never lie!








Chapter 1466
It was fusing with the Spirit of the Grand Dao!
Actually, he was quite fearful as well.
Because he still remembered what Master Qing had said. The Spirit of the Grand Dao wasn't a benevolent fellow.
He was able to discern that the Dao Sect was very fearful of the Spirit of the Grand Dao. However, if the Spirit of the Grand Dao refused to acknowledge him or even stood on the Dao Sect's side, then it would be a huge pain in the ass!
Meanwhile, Second Brother suddenly laughed coldly, "Ye Xuan, what are you waiting for?"
Ye Xuan gazed at Second Brother and smiled, "As you wish!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he suddenly pressed his palms together, and the Dao Scripture was instantly activated by his strength to fuse the nine scriptures into one!
Bang!
At the instant the nine scriptures fused into one, an invisible force surged out from Ye Xuan, and it instantly caused ripples to arise in the space around him.
The expressions of Fourth Brother and the others gradually became solemn!
The Spirit of the Grand Dao was the spirit of the Dao Scripture, and it was the existence that had followed the ancestor of the Dao Sect for the longest time. Moreover, the status of the Dao Scripture in the Dao Sect was merely inferior to the ancestor!
If the Spirit of the Grand Dao stood on Ye Xuan's side, then it would be extremely disadvantageous to the Dao Sect!
Everyone was looking at Ye Xuan.
The Dao Scripture in Ye Xuan's hand gradually emanated a ray of white light, and then it floated up into the sky.
Ye Xuan gazed at the white light in the sky, and a shadow was gradually condensing within it!
The Spirit of the Grand Dao!
Not far away, the expressions of countless experts from the Dao Sect became excited!
It was the Spirit of the Grand Dao!
After the ancestor of the Dao Sect left, the Spirit of the Grand Dao had become the symbol of the Dao Sect. Unfortunately, internal strife had caused the Dao Scripture to be split into nine, and the Spirit of the Grand Dao had fallen into deep slumber.
Yet now, the Spirit of the Grand Dao was finally about to appear!
Right at this moment, the Dao Scripture in front of Ye Xuan suddenly started burning!
Ye Xuan was stunned!
Everyone in the surroundings was stunned!
What's going on?
Ye Xuan grabbed at the burning Dao Scripture with his right hand. However, a powerful force sent him flying thousands of feet away!
Ye Xuan was shocked. He looked at the Dao Scripture again. At this time, the complete Dao Scripture directly transformed into a flame and disappeared into the end of the starry sky!
Gone!
Everyone in the surroundings was stunned.
That's it?
Fourth Dao Brother and Second Dao Brother looked at each other with a trace of doubt in their eyes!
What was going on?
Ye Xuan was also a little confused at this moment!
That's it?
Where was the Spirit of the Great Dao?
As if he had thought of something, he looked at the Dao Second Brother in the distance. In the next moment, he turned and ran!
His speed was very fast. In the blink of an eye, he disappeared into the horizon of the starry sky!
Seeing that Ye Xuan was running away, Second Elder Dao said fiercely, "Chase him!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he was the first to rush out.
At this moment, he had no time to care about the Dao Scripture. The most important thing was to deal with Ye Xuan first.
In the starry sky, Ye Xuan ran all the way. Behind him, there were nearly seven hundred Consolidation Realm experts!
This time, the Dao Sect was really going to risk their lives with him!
At this moment, Second Dao Brother suddenly stopped. He looked at the sword light at the end of the starry sky in the distance. "Let's go to the Fifth Dimension!"
After saying that, he turned and left.
Chasing after Ye Xuan like this was too much of a waste of time!
If they went directly to the Fifth Dimension, Ye Xuan would definitely return to the Fifth Dimension!
Soon, Second Dao Brother and the others went straight to the Fifth Dimension!
In the distant starry sky, Ye Xuan stopped. He looked in the direction where Second Dao Brother and the others left. It was the direction of the Fifth Dimension.
Ye Xuan opened his palm, and a voice transmission talisman suddenly disappeared. After a moment, the space in front of him gradually trembled, and a voice came out.
After a moment of silence, Ye Xuan turned and disappeared into the distance.
...
In the Fifth Dimension.
Inside the Sword Hall.
Knowing Destiny sat cross-legged on the ground. In front of her, there were nine scrolls. They were the nine scrolls of the Dao Scripture!
However, these nine scrolls were all copied and not the real thing.
In front of Ye Zhiming was Nian Nian.
Nian Nian held a fish in her left hand and a stick of tanghulu in her right. She would occasionally lick the fish, and then the tanghulu …
At this moment, Ye Zhiming suddenly looked at Nian Nian. "Nian Nian!"
Nian Nian looked at Ye Zhiming. "Sister Zhiming, what's wrong?"
Ye Zhiming smiled. "Nian Nian, tell me honestly. Have you recovered your memories?"
Nian Nian blinked. "Recovered my memories?"
Ye Zhiming nodded.
Nian Nian shook her head. "No!
I can't remember a lot of things! "
Ye Zhiming was silent.
Nian Nian didn't look like she was lying!
However, her intuition told her that Nian Nian was becoming more and more different.
At this moment, Nian Nian suddenly raised her head. The next moment, she looked at Ye Zhiming and smiled. "Sister Zhiming, I'm going to play!"
After saying that, she got up and left.
In the hall, Ye Zhiming frowned. She chased after her, but Nian Nian was already gone!
Gone!
Ye Zhiming was stunned.
...
In the sky above Dao City, a woman in a dark green dress stood quietly in the clouds. Behind her was the Holy Leader!
At this moment, the woman suddenly turned her head. Not far away, the clouds parted and a woman slowly walked over!
It was Nian Nian!
The woman looked at Nian Nian and smiled.
Nian Nian walked to the woman's side. Neither of them said a word and just stood there quietly.
At this moment, at the end of the starry sky, a powerful aura swept over!
The experts of the Dao Sect had arrived!
Nian Nian licked the candied hawthorn but still did not say a word.
The woman glanced at the candied hawthorn in Nian Nian's hand and smiled. "Candied hawthorn … There's a little white guy who especially likes to eat candied hawthorn. There's also that little girl. Both of them really like to eat candied hawthorn!"
Nian Nian continued to lick the candied hawthorn without saying a word.
The woman smiled. "Are you afraid that I'll attack, so you came to watch me?"
Nian Nian glanced at the woman. "Do you dare to attack?"
The woman shook her head. "I don't dare."
As she said that, she looked at Nian Nian and smiled. "You don't dare either!"
Nian Nian shrugged and continued to lick the candied hawthorn.
The woman did not say anything else. She looked into the distance. At this moment, Second Brother Dao and the others had already entered the starry sky of the Fifth Dimension.
It had to be said that the difference in strength between the Fifth Dimension and the Dao Sect was huge!
Below Dao City, Bai Dizi looked at Second Brother Dao and the others in the sky with a calm expression.
He had already expected this day!
Behind him were Li Shanshui and the others.
They were all super experts from the Whirling World!
Li Shanshui looked at Second Brother Dao and the others in the sky with a calm expression. In fact, he was not panicking at all.
Why?
Those who had not come into contact with the white-robed woman would not know how terrifying she was!
Back then, didn't the Xuanhuan Sect think that they could defeat Ye Xuan just like the current Dao Sect?
But in the end?
Not only was Li Shanshui not panicking, but the experts from the Whirling World were also very calm.
In fact, they were a little uneasy at the beginning because there were too many experts!
But as long as they thought of the two women, they would calm down.
Those were two immortals!
In the sky.
Second Brother Dao looked down. Compared to the Dao Sect, the strength of the Fifth Dimension was indeed very weak, but he did not dare to underestimate them.
At this moment, a man suddenly appeared not far in front of Second Brother Dao and the others.
The person who had come was Ye Xuan!
Seeing Ye Xuan, Bai Dizi's expression relaxed slightly. He was not afraid that Ye Xuan would run away, but mainly because he felt more at ease with this guy here.
Second Brother Dao looked at Ye Xuan. "Ye Xuan, where are your people?"
Ye Xuan smiled. He did not answer Second Brother Dao, but turned to look at the Consolidation Realm experts in the field. "Everyone, I know that many of you are not from the Dao Sect, but because you want to get some benefits, you came to kill me, Ye Xuan!
I have no grievances with any of you. If you leave now, nothing will happen to me. "
In the field, the Consolidation Realm experts looked at Ye Xuan without saying a word, and no one left.
Now that the Dao Sect had an overwhelming advantage, and the benefits were at their fingertips, why would they leave?
Seeing that no one left, Ye Xuan smiled, then looked at Second Brother Dao. "Second Brother, do you want to fight one-on-one?"
Second Brother!
The expressions of everyone in the field became a little strange!
Second Brother Dao looked at Ye Xuan. "Ye Xuan, I will not give you any chance!
Since your people will not appear, then you and your Fifth Dimension will die together! "
As his voice fell, he suddenly said, "Attack!"
As soon as the words fell, more than twenty shadows suddenly rushed straight down from the sky.
All of them were experts at the peak of the Consolidation Realm, and their auras were infinitely close to the half-step Divine Realm!
Dao Guards!
These were twenty people carefully cultivated by the Dao Sect, and their strength far exceeded that of ordinary Consolidation Realm experts!
The target of these twenty people was Ye Xuan!
Fourth Brother Dao and Second Brother Dao did not make a move. They were waiting to fight whoever saved Ye Xuan!
Below, Ye Xuan's expression was calm. At this moment, Li Shanshui suddenly appeared in front of Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan looked at Li Shanshui, and Li Shanshui smiled awkwardly. "Young Master Ye, let my Xuanhuan Sect perform!"
Ye Xuan asked, "Are you sure?"
Li Shanshui said seriously, "Of course!"
Ye Xuan nodded and made an inviting gesture.
Li Shanshui raised his head and looked at the twenty people rushing down with a calm expression. He opened his palm, and a black wooden seal suddenly flew out from his palm. "Ancestor Summon!"
Ancestor Summon!
On the side, Ye Xuan's expression became a little strange!
In the past, it was others who summoned their ancestor to beat him, but this was the first time someone summoned their ancestor to protect him …
In fact, Li Shanshui's heart was also a little complicated.
This could be said to be the Xuanhuan Sect's last life-saving trump card. Previously, he wanted to use it on the white-robed woman, but he was not sure at that time. After seeing the miserable state of the Xuanhuan Sect after summoning their ancestor, he was even more glad that he did not summon their ancestor.
The reason why he summoned their ancestor now was to show off. Otherwise, the Xuanhuan Sect would not have a sense of existence in the Fifth Dimension.
As Li Shanshui's voice fell, a black light suddenly shot up from the black wooden seal into the sky.
Boom!
A powerful aura directly forced the twenty people from the Dao Sect to stop in place. Then, a middle-aged man in a black robe appeared in the sky.
The Xuanhuan Sect's Patriarch!
Seeing the Xuanhuan Sect's Patriarch, Second Brother Dao frowned!
It was just a split soul!
However, this middle-aged man was once an expert at the peak of the God State!
At this moment, the current patriarch of the Xiao Clan, Xiao Kuo, suddenly roared, "Ancestor Summon!"
As his voice fell, he directly threw out a black chess piece, which turned into a black light and shot into the sky …
At the same time, the current dean of the Dao Returning Courtyard, Qiu Min, suddenly said, "Ancestor, please …"
As his voice fell, a white light shot up into the sky …
On the other side, Xuanji Sect's Sect Master Gu Wuchao was a little embarrassed.
In the past, the Xuanji Sect had already summoned their ancestor once. Now, they could not summon it!
What should they do?
They could not lose face!
They had to put in some effort, right?
Gu Wuchao seemed to have thought of something. He suddenly pointed at Second Brother Dao and roared, "Second Brother Dao, I'll screw your ancestor!"
Everyone: "…"
.....








Chapter 1467
Hearing Gu Wuchao's words, the corners of Ye Xuan's mouth twitched.
This guy was actually cursing!
In the field, some experts also looked at Gu Wuchao with strange expressions.
After all, this guy was still a Consolidation Realm expert!
How could he curse like this …
At this moment, Gu Wuchao suddenly walked to Ye Xuan's side, bowed slightly, and then respectfully retreated behind Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan: "…"
In the field, everyone looked at Ye Xuan.
Obviously, this was Ye Xuan's instigation!
In the sky, the Second Dao Master's gaze also fell on Ye Xuan. "Ye Xuan, you don't have the demeanor of an expert at all!"
Ye Xuan turned his head and glanced at Gu Wuchao. Gu Wuchao smiled awkwardly. "I live and die with the Five-Dimensional Universe!"
Ye Xuan was speechless. He looked up at the sky. At this time, there were three super experts in the sky. They were the black-robed middle-aged man from the Xuanao Sect, the ancestor of the Xiao Clan, and the ancestor of the Dao Returning Academy.
The ancestor of the Xiao Clan was an old man in a gray robe. His eyes were like knives, giving off a strong sense of oppression.
The ancestor of the Dao Returning Academy wore a brown robe. His long hair draped over his shoulders, and he held a black ancient book in his hand.
The ancestors of three super forces!
When the three appeared, the expressions of the Second Dao Master and the others gradually became solemn!
The Whirling World was not a low-level world. In this world, there were also many amazing experts!
Just these three people in front of them were at least in the God Realm, and they were definitely not ordinary God Realm experts. They were even above the God Realm.
Although this kind of existence could not compare to the ancestor of the Dao Sect, this kind of existence belonged to the top of this world.
They could not be underestimated!
In the sky, the Xuanao Sect's ancestor looked around. Finally, he looked at the Sect Master of the Xuanao Sect, Li Shanshui. Li Shanshui hurriedly bowed respectfully.
The Xuanao Sect's ancestor said, "This is not the Whirling World!"
Li Shanshui said respectfully, "Ancestor, the Xuanao Sect will advance and retreat with Young Master Ye!"
Advance and retreat together!
The Patriarch of the Xuanxuan Sect looked at Ye Xuan. "Him?"
Li Shanshui quickly nodded.
The gazes of the Desolate Clan's Ancestor and the Dao Returnance Courtyard's Ancestor descended onto Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan cupped his fists at the Patriarch of Xuanao Sect.
The Old Ancestor of the Xuanao Sect looked at Ye Xuan. Gradually, a hint of surprise flashed through his eyes. "Your bloodline …"
Ye Xuan opened his palm, and the blood in his body began to tremble.
When the power of Ye Xuan's bloodline emerged, the surprise in the eyes of the Patriarch of Xuanao Sect gradually turned into shock!
On the other side, the Patriarch of the Xiao Clan and the Patriarch of the Dao Returning Academy were also shocked!
The same was true for the surrounding Consolidation Realm experts!
In fact, Ye Xuan's bloodline power had always been growing. His current bloodline power was many times stronger than before.
As for why it kept growing, Ye Xuan was not particularly clear. According to his guess, it might have something to do with madness.
The crazier one was, the stronger the bloodline power!
The Patriarch of the Xuanxuan Sect looked at Ye Xuan. "He's indeed not simple!"
As he spoke, he looked at Li Shanshui. "You bet the future of the Xuanxuan Sect on him?"
Li Shanshui nodded.
The Patriarch of the Xuanxuan Sect asked, "No regrets?"
Li Shanshui shook his head. "No regrets!"
The Patriarch of the Xuanxuan Sect nodded slightly. Just as he was about to speak, the Second Brother suddenly said, "Sir, we are from the Dao Sect!"
The Dao Sect!
Hearing this, the Patriarch of the Xuanxuan Sect looked at the Second Brother and said with a smile, "Dao Sect!
Are you threatening me? "
The Second Brother was expressionless. "I just want to remind you that this matter has nothing to do with the Xuanxuan Sect. Why do you want your descendants to be involved in this struggle?
If you let your descendants leave now, the Dao Sect will let bygones be bygones! "
The Patriarch of the Xuanxuan Sect shook his head and smiled. "May I ask, are you in charge of the Dao Sect now?"
The Second Brother said, "Yes!"
The Patriarch of the Xuanxuan Sect shook his head. "The Dao Sect's Patriarch is also a senior I respect, but why is the disciple he chose so stupid?"
The Second Brother looked at the Patriarch of the Xuanxuan Sect with a calm expression. "It seems that you are determined to make the Xuanxuan Sect an enemy of the Dao Sect!"
The Patriarch of the Xuanxuan Sect said with a smile, "Just now, my descendant told me that this Young Master Ye has gathered all nine Dao Scriptures, so your Dao Sect wants to kill him, right?"
The Second Brother said calmly, "So what?"
"Idiot!"
The smile on the Patriarch of the Xuanxuan Sect's face disappeared. "I can tell at a glance that you are an idiot, but I didn't expect you to be this stupid!"
Everyone was speechless.
The Second Brother narrowed his eyes and slowly clenched his right hand.
The Patriarch of the Xuanxuan Sect said, "What kind of person is the Dao Sect's Patriarch?
He left behind the Dao Scriptures, but the Great Dao Spirit doesn't recognize you as its master. Have you ever thought about why?
And these nine Dao Scriptures have fallen into the hands of this Young Master Ye. Have you ever thought about why? "
The Second Brother was silent.
The Patriarch of the Xuanxuan Sect continued, "This Young Master Ye has the legendary Cause of Misfortune, but he is able to live until now. What does this prove?
It proves that someone is forcibly resisting the Cause of Misfortune for him!
In my opinion, someone who can do this will not lose to your Dao Sect's Patriarch!
And your Dao Sect's nine Dao Scriptures have fallen into the hands of Young Master Ye. Don't you think this may also be an arrangement of your Dao Sect's Patriarch? "
The Second Brother said in a deep voice, "Absolutely impossible!
Master will never choose him! "
The Patriarch of the Xuanxuan Sect chuckled. "Could he have chosen you?"
The Second Brother stared at the Patriarch of the Xuanxuan Sect. "Master will never choose him!"
The Patriarch of the Xuanxuan Sect smiled. "Second Brother, you are the disciple of the Dao Sect's Patriarch. Why are you so bad?
Look at you now. There is only hatred in your eyes and no reason. You have cultivated to this level. Logically speaking, your temperament should not be bad, but why are you blinded by hatred now? "
The Second Brother was expressionless. "Are you teaching me how to be a person?"
The Patriarch of the Xuanxuan Sect laughed. "Teach you how to be a person?
Second Brother, to say that you are stupid is an insult to the word 'stupid'.
The reason why I'm talking so much nonsense with you is that what I learned is also derived from the Dao Scriptures. The Dao Sect's Patriarch is someone I respect. I don't want the Dao Sect he established to be destroyed by you!
I just didn't expect your temperament to be so bad.
A person like you leading the Dao Sect is not only the sorrow of the Dao Sect, but also the sorrow of the Dao Sect's Patriarch! "
At this moment, the Fourth Brother of the Dao Sect suddenly laughed. "The reason why you said this is because you think our Dao Sect is inferior to Young Master Ye, right?"
The Patriarch of the Xuanxuan Sect looked at the Fourth Brother of the Dao Sect and said with a smile, "It seems that you still don't understand what the Cause of Misfortune is … No, I should say that you have become arrogant!
However, it's very sad that you don't have the strength to be arrogant, but you think you have the strength. Why?
Because you think you are the disciples of the Dao Sect's Patriarch, but you have never thought that the reason why the Dao Sect is strong is not because of you, but because of the Dao Sect's Patriarch!
There is a difference between a Dao Sect with the Dao Sect's Patriarch and a Dao Sect without him. Understand? "
The Fourth Taoist smiled and said, "I would like to know if your strength is as sharp as your mouth!"
The Patriarch of the Xuanxuan Sect roared with laughter, and then he suddenly vanished on the spot.
In the distance, the Fourth Brother's expression changed abruptly, and he suddenly smashed his fist forward!
Rumble!
Along with a shocking explosion, the Fourth Brother of the Dao Sect retreated explosively, and he retreated thousands of meters into the starry sky!
The expressions of everyone here changed!
He's so strong?
Ye Xuan was quite shocked as well. Even though the Patriarch of the Dao Sect was only a wisp of his soul, he was actually so strong!
In the distance, the Second Brother of the Dao Sect stared fixedly at the Patriarch of the Xuanxuan Sect, and he was quite shocked as well. A wisp of the soul of a Godrank Realm expert was actually so strong!
The Patriarch of the Xuanxuan Sect gazed at the Fourth Brother in the distance and said with a smile, "Looks like it's always the fist that's stronger in any era!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he vanished on the spot once more.
The pupils of the Fourth Brother of the Dao Sect suddenly constricted, and he swiftly raised his arms.
A fist seal arrived.
Bang!
The Fourth Brother of the Dao Sect was instantly blasted away, and he flew for thousands of meters. Not only that, but his body even split apart!
His current body wasn't a Dao Physique any longer because his Dao Physique had been shattered by Ye Ling. So, his current body was extremely weak!
The Patriarch of the Xuanxuan Sect gazed at the Fourth Brother of the Dao Sect and said with a smile, "I've noticed that you can't reason with some people because if you do, they'll look at you like an idiot!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he vanished on the spot once more!
Right at this moment, the Second Brother of the Dao Sect suddenly vanished on the spot!
Rumble!
The space in the sky suddenly collapsed, and then a figure retreated explosively for over 1km!
It was the Second Brother of the Dao Sect!
After he stopped moving, he gazed at the Patriarch of the Xuanxuan Sect, "From today onward, the Xuanxuan Sect will cease to exist in this world!"
The Patriarch of the Xuanxuan Sect roared with laughter, "A little Second Brother of the Dao Sect is laughable!
You're being used as a pawn by others, yet you don't even realize it. How laughable! "
The Second Brother frowned slightly, "What do you mean?"
The Patriarch of the Xuanxuan Sect blinked, "I'm not telling you!
You idiot!
Haha … "
After saying that, he turned to look at Ye Xuan below, "Young Master Ye, I've sent a wisp of my soul to help you today. I hope that Young Master Ye will treat the Xuanxuan Sect well in the future. The Xuanxuan Sect doesn't seek to be invincible in the world, but to be passed down from generation to generation."
Ye Xuan bowed slightly, "I, Ye Xuan, will forever remember the kindness of the Xuanxuan Sect!"
The Patriarch of the Xuanxuan Sect smiled and said, "With Young Master Ye's words, I'm relieved!"
After saying that, he glanced at the clouds somewhere. "Young Master Ye, remember, not all of your enemies are as stupid as this Second Brother."
As soon as he finished speaking, he turned and rushed toward the Second Brother of the Dao Sect.
Seeing the Patriarch of the Xuanxuan Sect rushing over, the Second Brother's face became ferocious, "Kill!
If Ye Xuan is destroyed today, you can take anything in the Fifth Dimension and the Whirling World! "
After saying that, he rushed over.
The rest of the Consolidation Realm experts from the Dao Sects also rushed over!
However, some of the Consolidation Realm experts who did not belong to the Dao Sects were a little hesitant … But there were also some who directly rushed over.
Below, the Ancestor of the Xiao clan and the Ancestor of the Dao Returning Academy looked at each other. The Ancestor of the Xiao clan turned to look at Ye Xuan, "What do you think?"
The Ancestor of the Dao Returning Academy smiled and said, "I was hesitating just now. After all, it's the Dao Sects, but now it seems … the person in charge of the Dao Sects is too stupid!
If we help this kind of person, I'm afraid our Dao Returning Academy will be doomed.
So, let's choose this Young Master Ye! "
After saying that, he rushed out.
The Ancestor of the Xiao clan smiled and said, "Why did the Dao Sects choose such an idiot to be in charge?
This IQ is worse than the pigs I raised back then! "
After saying that, he also rushed out.
On the other side, in the clouds, the mysterious woman beside Nian Nian smiled and said, "The Sect Master of the Xuanxuan Sect has discovered us!
Interesting! "
Nian Nian licked the tanghulu and did not speak.
The mysterious woman looked at Nian Nian, "Do you want to kill me?"
Nian Nian nodded.
The mysterious woman gently stroked the hair beside her ear with her jade-like hand and the corners of her mouth curled up slightly, "No one can kill me under three strikes!"
Nian Nian licked the tanghulu. "Can you take one strike from the plain-dressed woman?"
The mysterious woman's smile gradually disappeared. After a moment, she looked at Nian Nian, "If you continue to chat like this, I won't be chatting with you anymore!"
....
PS: After I update the first chapter, I will be disconnected from the Internet when I update the second chapter …








Chapter 1468
In the sky above Dao City, a great battle had begun!
Although the Fifth Dimension was at an absolute disadvantage in terms of numbers, with the addition of the Xuan Yao Sect's Patriarch, the Xiao Clan's Patriarch, and the Dao Return Courtyard's Patriarch, the situation was instantly different!
The Xuan Yao Sect's Patriarch was holding off Dao Lao Er and Dao Lao Si by himself, while the Xiao Clan's Patriarch and the Dao Return Courtyard's Patriarch were directly suppressing nearly two hundred Consolidation Realm experts. Although it was only a wisp of their soul, the difference between these Consolidation Realm experts and them was too great!
However, as they made their moves, their wisps of soul became more and more illusory!
Below, Bai Dizi suddenly said, "Make your move!"
As his voice fell, all the Consolidation Realm experts of the Fifth Dimension soared into the sky. As the experts of the Fifth Dimension made their move, twenty black-clothed men suddenly rushed into the crowd of Dao Sect experts. Then, bloody heads flew into the sky.
Assassins!
These twenty people were the twenty super assassins that Ye Xuan had borrowed from Xuan City!
Ye Xuan did not make a move. His eyes were fixed on Dao Lao Er.
At this time, Dao Lao Er and Dao Lao Si were being suppressed by the Xuan Yao Sect's Patriarch!
Dao Lao Er did not focus all his energy on the Xuan Yao Sect's Patriarch. He had been guarding against Ye Xuan!
He had not forgotten Ye Xuan's sword!
That sword had almost killed him in an instant!
Therefore, until now, he had been distracted by guarding against Ye Xuan to ensure that when Ye Xuan made his move, he would be the first to react!
However, Ye Xuan did not make a move. Instead, he just looked at him, which put a great deal of pressure on him!
At this time, Ye Xuan suddenly laughed. "Second Brother, I'm going to make my move!"
He was going to make his move!
Dao Lao Er, who was fighting with the Xuan Yao Sect's Patriarch, suddenly changed his expression. He glanced at Ye Xuan, who was looking at him with a smile.
Dao Lao Er did not dare to be too distracted. He withdrew his gaze because the Xuan Yao Sect's Patriarch in front of him was very powerful.
Just as Second Brother Dao withdrew his gaze, Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Second Brother Dao, I'm really going to make a move!"
Second Elder Dao suddenly turned his head to look at Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan blinked and said, "Don't worry, I'm about to make my move!"
"Ye Xuan!" the second Daoist said fiercely.
Ye Xuan grinned. "Come and hit me!"
Just as the Second Elder was about to speak, a shadow suddenly rushed in front of him.
Second Elder Dao's pupils suddenly shrank, and his arms suddenly moved forward to block.
Boom!
The Second Daoist was sent flying thousands of feet away!
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly disappeared. Sensing this, the Second Elder's pupils suddenly shrank. He waved his right hand, and a black round shield appeared in front of him. This black round shield was specially kept for Ye Xuan!
However, he quickly noticed that the target of Ye Xuan's attack wasn't him!
It was Fourth Elder Dao!
When he noticed this, Second Elder Dao suddenly turned his head to look at Fourth Elder Dao, who was not far away. His eyes almost popped out of their sockets. "Little …"
Before his voice died away —
Swoosh!
A ray of sword light suddenly pierced through Fourth Elder Dao's eyebrows!
Without his Taoist Body, Fourth Elder Dao's eyebrows were directly pierced by Ye Xuan's sword. Fourth Elder Dao's body froze in the air. His eyes were wide open and full of disbelief!
He didn't expect that Ye Xuan's target wasn't Fourth Elder Dao, but him. Of course, he didn't expect that the sword would be so fast that he didn't even have time to react!
In front of Fourth Elder Dao, Ye Xuan held the sword in his right hand and pulled it out little by little. Between Fourth Elder Dao's eyebrows, blood spurted out.
Second Elder Dao stared at Ye Xuan. He was about to make a move when the Patriarch of Xuanao Sect appeared in front of him again. Second Elder Dao suddenly turned his head and said fiercely, "Get lost!"
As soon as his voice fell, he suddenly …
He punched out!
Taoist Fist!
A punch with all his strength!
Rumble!
The surrounding starry sky trembled violently. Second Elder Dao retreated hundreds of feet, and the Patriarch of Xuanao Sect also retreated hundreds of feet. After stopping, he didn't make another move because his soul was already very transparent and was about to disappear!
Seeing this, Second Elder Dao was about to take the initiative to attack, but at this time, Ye Xuan suddenly appeared in front of the Patriarch of Xuanao Sect. Second Elder Dao narrowed his eyes and turned to look in the direction of Fourth Elder Dao. At this moment, Fourth Elder Dao's soul had been absorbed by Ye Xuan's sword, leaving only his physical body.
His soul had been destroyed!
Seeing this, Second Elder Dao's face became extremely ferocious. He turned to look at Ye Xuan and said, "Ye Xuan, my Taoist Sect is absolutely irreconcilable with you!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Don't you think it's stupid to say that now?"
Behind Ye Xuan, the Patriarch of Xuanao Sect suddenly said, "Young Friend, this strand of my soul is about to vanish!"
Ye Xuan turned to look at the Patriarch of Xuanao Sect, cupped his fists, and said, "I, Ye Xuan, will remember Senior's help!"
The Patriarch of Xuanao Sect smiled and said, "Just take care of my Xuanao Sect!"
Ye Xuan nodded and said, "Of course!"
The Patriarch of Xuanao Sect turned to look at the clouds again, and then his body gradually became illusory.
Ye Xuan glanced in the direction the Patriarch of Xuanao Sect was looking, but he couldn't see anything!
Ye Xuan thought for a moment and said, "Senior, did you see something?"
The Patriarch of Xuanao Sect was about to speak when he suddenly vanished without a trace!
Ye Xuan's eyes instantly narrowed when he saw this!
Someone had forcefully wiped out the Patriarch of Xuanao Sect!
Who was it?
Ye Xuan turned to look at the clouds, but there was nothing there!
There were actually two women standing above the clouds, but Ye Xuan couldn't see them!
At this moment, Nian Nian suddenly said, "There should be a backup plan."
The mysterious woman smiled and said, "Of course!"
Nian Nian nodded. "I'm looking forward to it!"
The mysterious woman smiled and said, "I'm looking forward to it as well!"
In the distance, Ye Xuan retracted his gaze and turned to look around. The Xiao clan's Patriarch and the Dao Returning Monastery's Patriarch were still there. With the two of them working together, they had killed more than fifty Consolidation Realm experts!
Their strength was slightly inferior to the Patriarch of Xuanao Sect!
At this moment, their strands of soul were becoming more and more illusory!
At the sight of this, Ye Xuan knew he could not delay any longer!
Ye Xuan opened his palm, and the Supreme Sword appeared in his hand. In the next moment, he vanished on the spot.
In the distance, the Second Elder's eyes narrowed slightly as he blasted a punch forward!
Bang!
A wisp of sword light was forced to a stop!
In front of the Second Elder, Ye Xuan stomped his right foot, and the Dao Sword in his hand suddenly turned into a technological form. In the next moment, his strength increased explosively!
Rumble!
The Second Elder was knocked back hundreds of feet!
Meanwhile, Ye Xuan didn't attack the Second Elder again. Instead, he turned into a sword light and disappeared into the distance.
Chi!
In the distant crowd, the head of a Dao Sect Consolidation Realm expert flew into the air.
Instant Kill Sword!
Ordinary Consolidation Realm experts had no way of resisting Ye Xuan's Instant Kill Sword!
Massacre!
When Ye Xuan entered the crowd, it was simply a massacre!
Seeing this scene, the Second Elder's expression turned extremely ugly. He was just about to make a move when Ye Xuan suddenly turned around and slashed at him!
The Second Elder didn't dodge and directly punched out!
Dao Fist!
As for Ye Xuan's sword, it was a Dao Sword!
Boom!
With a loud explosion, the two of them retreated rapidly. Ye Xuan retreated a hundred feet, and the Second Elder also retreated nearly a hundred feet!
The two of them were evenly matched!
When Ye Xuan had stopped, he raised his hand and brandished his sword at the right side.
Instant Kill Sword!
Chi!
A hundred feet to the right, the head of a Consolidation Realm expert flew into the air!
Instant kill!
In the field, the Consolidation Realm experts who came to help the Dao Sect were finally afraid!
Because up until now, more than two hundred Consolidation Realm experts had died on the battlefield!
Most of them were killed by the Xiao Clan's Patriarch and the Dao Returning Academy's Patriarch, and some were killed by the twenty super assassins from Xuan City!
As for the elites of the Dao Sect, they had always been restrained by the Dao Returning Academy's Patriarch!
In fact, without these three Patriarchs, the situation in the Fifth Dimension would have become very bad!
These three people were equivalent to hundreds of Consolidation Realm experts!
After all, they were once all-powerful figures. As long as they did not encounter experts like the white-robed woman, even their split souls were not something ordinary people could fight against.
Now, Ye Xuan was also anxious. Because once the Xiao Clan's Patriarch and the Dao Returning Academy's Patriarch disappeared, the situation in the Fifth Dimension would be very disadvantageous.
Therefore, he had to end the battle while the two of them were still around!
The Second Elder also understood this, and what he had to do was to stall them. As long as he could stall until the Xiao Clan's Patriarch and the Dao Returning Academy's Patriarch disappeared, the situation would be reversed!
The Dao Sect still had a chance to win!
At this moment, Ye Xuan looked at the Xiao Clan's Patriarch in the distance. "Senior, can you help me stall the Second Elder?"
In the distance, the Xiao Clan's Patriarch stopped and turned to look at the Second Elder. "Fifteen minutes!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "That's enough!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he disappeared on the spot.
In the distance, the Second Elder was about to attack when the Xiao Clan's Patriarch appeared in front of him. The Second Elder said in a deep voice, "Sir, aren't you afraid that the Xiao Clan will be doomed?"
The Xiao Clan's Patriarch shook his head and smiled. "You're still threatening me now!
You're too stupid! "
After saying that, he disappeared on the spot!
In the distance, the Second Elder threw a punch.
Boom!
The surrounding space shook as if there was an earthquake!
The Xiao Clan's Patriarch was pushed back by the punch. After stopping, the Xiao Clan's Patriarch shook his head. "It's just a split soul after all!"
After saying that, he rushed out.
Fifteen minutes!
He only needed to buy fifteen minutes for Ye Xuan!
After Ye Xuan rushed into the group of people in the distance, rays of sword gleams appeared, and each sword gleam took a life!
Instant Kill!
In addition to his Dao Body, ordinary Consolidation Realm experts would not be able to cause fatal damage to him.
In a short while, Ye Xuan had killed more than ten Consolidation Realm experts. Seeing this, some of the Consolidation Realm experts who came to help the Dao Sect chose to retreat.
They were here to make a fortune, not to risk their lives!
Especially now that the Dao Sect was at a disadvantage!
As those people left, the Dao Sect's situation became worse and worse.
At this moment, Nian Nian, who was in the clouds, suddenly raised her head and looked at the sky. In the next moment, she looked at Ye Xuan's position. There, an afterimage silently appeared.
Ye Xuan suddenly turned around and slashed with his sword!
Boom!
The sword gleam shattered, and Ye Xuan retreated thousands of meters away!
The afterimage waved its right hand, and the split souls of the Xiao Clan's Patriarch and the Dao Returning Courtyard's Patriarch were directly wiped out!
The scene became silent!
.....








Chapter 1469
Everyone was looking at the afterimage, which was gradually becoming more and more solid.
It was a woman in white, holding a jade flute in her hand.
Seeing this woman, Ye Xuan's expression gradually became serious!
His opponent's attack just now had directly shattered his Dao Body!
A Godly State expert!
A true Godly State expert!
In the distance, the Dao Sect experts became excited!
Dao Sect's Third Brother!
Third Miss!
She was once the Dao Sect's Patriarch's proudest disciple. She only liked to cultivate and hunt for novelty, never getting involved in the internal affairs of the Dao Sect!
Back then, she was actually the most likely to become the Dao Sect's leader because she was the Dao Sect's Patriarch's proudest disciple. Most importantly, she was the most talented among the four disciples.
Unfortunately, after the Dao Sect's Patriarch disappeared, she only came back to take a look before leaving. Once she left, she never returned!
Seeing Third Miss, Second Brother also heaved a huge sigh of relief!
She finally came back!
If she didn't come back, even if the Dao Sect won today, it would be a pyrrhic victory!
Moreover, the Dao Sect was very likely to lose!
Because if no one restrained Ye Xuan, with Ye Xuan's strength, he would probably be able to destroy all the Dao Sect's Consolidation Realm experts!
Second Brother walked to Third Miss and stared at Ye Xuan, "Third Junior Sister, I'll hold Ye Xuan back. Leave the rest to me!"
Saying that, he was about to make a move. At this moment, Third Miss suddenly said, "Second Senior Brother, I'm very disappointed!"
Second Brother looked at Third Miss and Third Miss shook her head, "Very disappointed!"
Second Brother said in a deep voice, "What do you mean!"
Third Miss did not answer Second Brother. She turned to look at the Dao Sect experts, "You guys also disappointed me!"
Everyone was silent.
Third Miss looked at Second Brother, "Do you think the Dao Sect can win today?"
Second Brother said in a deep voice, "If Junior Sister is willing to help, can we lose?"
Third Miss shook her head, "Second Senior Brother, you need to calm down. Calm down!"
Second Brother narrowed his eyes, "What do you mean?"
Third Miss looked at Second Brother, "As far as I know, you should have investigated Ye Xuan!
Then you should know that he is someone who has the cause of disaster, right? "
Second Brother said in a deep voice, "Yes!
But so what? "
The Third Young Lady frowned. "So what?
Ask yourself, can you resist this Cause of Disaster? "
The Second Daoist was silent.
The Third Young Lady continued, "Let's not talk about the cause of this disaster. Let's talk about this person's bloodline. Have you ever seen such a powerful bloodline?"
The Second Daoist was silent.
The third young lady continued, "The most important thing is that the white-robed woman has seen the person behind this person before. Let me ask, when the white-robed woman was in the Whirling Sect, she summoned the Xuanji Sect's ancestor, but what was the result?
In the end, the Profound Secrets Sect submitted to Ye Xuan.
Yet, he was injured by a wisp of the Xuanhuan Sect's ancestor's soul. Tell me, can he be compared to her? "
The Second Elder was silent, and his face was gloomy.
The Third Young Lady shook her head. "When Master was still alive, Dao Sect was the number one power in the world. However, Master often said that there is always someone better than you. No one is truly invincible. There is no strongest, only stronger!
Second Senior Brother didn't remember what he said at all! "
The Second Daoist spoke fiercely, "It's impossible for there to be a power stronger than my Dao Sect in this world!"
The Third Young Lady sighed in a low voice. "The reason why the Dao Sect is strong isn't because of us, it's because of Master!
But now, Master is gone!
Understand? "
The Second Daoist was slightly mad. He pointed angrily at Ye Xuan and said, "He's a true expert at the peak of the Godrank Realm. So long as he attacks, then Ye Xuan will definitely die today!
Why didn't he attack!? "
The Third Young Lady gazed at the Second Daoist. After a short moment, she shook her head.
"I gave him the opportunity, but I didn't cherish it!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she opened her palm, and an ink colored ruler suddenly appeared in her hand.
The Daoist Ruler!
The expressions of the experts from the Dao Sect instantly changed when they saw it!
It was a sacred artifact of the Dao Sect that was only inferior to the Dao Scriptures. It was used by the Dao Sect's ancestor to discipline his disciples, and it contained the Dao Laws that the Dao Sect's ancestor had personally set up within it.
The Second Daoist's expression changed as well, and he took a few steps back. All those years ago, he'd been struck by the Daoist Ruler, and it was already traumatized by it!
The Third Young Lady suddenly waved her right hand, and a ruler image flew out ….
Bang!
The Second Daoist was struck by the ruler image, and his skin and flesh split open while blood sprayed!
His invincible Dao Physique was as weak as paper before the Daoist Ruler!
Moreover, a mysterious force had directly restrained the Second Daoist, causing him to be unable to move at all!
Ye Xuan's eyelids twitched when he witnessed this scene. After all, he possessed the Dao Physique as well!
The Daoist Ruler seemed to be able to restrain the Dao Physique!
The Second Daoist Ruler stared fixedly at the Third Young Lady, "Third Young Lady, what are you doing!?"
The Third Young Lady turned around to gaze at an expert from the Dao Sect, "Take him to the Dao Prison, imprison his soul, and seal his body. He can't leave the Dao Prison for 100 years."
100 years!
The old man was stunned.
The Second Daoist Ruler's expression became ferocious, "Third Young Lady, you dare!
You dare! "
The Third Young Lady gazed at the old man, "Do I have to repeat myself?"
The old man hesitated for a moment before he walked towards the Second Daoist Ruler!
The Second Daoist Ruler gazed at the Third Young Lady and roared like a wild beast, "Third Young Lady, what exactly are you afraid of!?
Who in this world can restrain him with his strength?
So long as we make a move, we'll be able to kill Ye Xuan right away and eliminate this great calamity for our Dao Sect! "
The old man who was walking towards the Second Daoist Ruler stopped when he heard this.
The Third Young Lady shook her head, "Go calm down first!"
The Second Daoist Ruler spoke ferociously, "Third Young Lady, are you worthy of Master for treating a fellow disciple like this?
I, the Second Daoist Ruler …. "
Meanwhile, the Third Young Lady suddenly swung her ruler, and a shadow of the ruler smashed against the Second Daoist Ruler.
Bang!
The Second Daoist Ruler's body instantly collapsed!
The Second Daoist Ruler was stunned!
The other experts of the Dao Sect were stunned as well!
That attack was a little too ruthless!
The Dao Physique wasn't something that could be cultivated in a short period of time!
It was destroyed just like that?
The Third Young Lady gazed at the old man, "Take him away."
The old man didn't dare hesitate at all, and he immediately left with the Second Daoist Ruler's soul. Suddenly, a ray of light flashed!
It slashed straight at the Second Daoist Ruler!
It was Ye Xuan who'd attacked!
Moreover, he was using the Soul Suppressing Sword!
However, the Soul Suppressing Sword was directly clamped by two fingers when it was still several hundred feet away from Dao Old Second!
The Third Young Lady made her move!
The Third Young Lady flicked her jade-like fingers and the Soul Suppressing Sword flew back to Ye Xuan.
Third Miss looked at Ye Xuan, "Young Master Ye, my Dao Faction's people will be dealt with by my Dao Faction. There's no need to trouble yourself!"
As she spoke, she raised her head to look at the clouds in the sky. "Both of you, our Dao Gate can't afford to play this game. We'll be leaving. I hope both of you can be magnanimous."
After saying that, she turned around and left with the experts from the Dao Sect.
Ye Xuan turned to look at the clouds. Who was that?
Above the clouds, the mysterious woman beside Nian Nian smiled and said, "Looks like this sect isn't completely useless!"
Nian Nian licked the tanghulu. "Is there still a chance?"
The mysterious woman smiled and said, "Of course!"
Nian Nian said softly, "I'm looking forward to it!
Speaking of which, is your goal to make the Dao Sect and Ye Xuan hostile? "
The mysterious woman smiled and said, "Guess.
！”
Nian Nian looked down. "I know that the Dao Sect can't kill him. The reason why I'm doing this is because I want him to destroy the Dao Sect and form a bad relationship with the Dao Sect's ancestor … I understand your intentions!
I want to magnify the Cause of Misfortune on him. "
As she spoke, she turned to look at the mysterious woman. "I want to use the Cause of Misfortune on him to kill him!"
The mysterious woman smiled. "How smart!"
Nian Nian gave the mysterious woman a thumbs up. "Very smart!"
The mysterious woman smiled. "There's nothing we can do about it!"
Nian Nian suddenly said, "I'm a little curious about your identity!"
The mysterious woman smiled and said, "In the past, I was a good person …"
As she said that, she looked into the distant horizon. "They should be here soon!"
...
Below, as the Third Miss left with the experts from the Dao Sect, some of the experts who came to help the Dao Sect felt a little awkward!
Because the Dao Sect didn't bring them along!
When they wanted to leave with the Dao Sect, the experts of the Fifth Dimension stopped them, and the Dao Sect didn't make a move!
This was a little awkward!
In fact, they wanted to escape at first, but after seeing the Third Miss, they felt that the Dao Sect was enough!
So they all stayed!
However, what they didn't expect was that the Third Miss would directly leave with the people of the Dao Sect!
They didn't want to fight anymore!
And now, Ye Xuan's people wouldn't let them go …
Ye Xuan glanced at the Consolidation Realm experts. There were still about a hundred of them.
At this time, an old man walked out. The old man hesitated for a moment and then said, "Young Master Ye, we can guarantee that we will no longer be enemies with the Fifth Dimension. I wonder if Young Master Ye can let us go?"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "No!"
As his voice fell, the sword in his hand suddenly flew out!
Chi!
The old man's head directly flew out!
Instant Kill!
Seeing Ye Xuan make a move, the expressions of the remaining Consolidation Realm experts changed drastically. One of the middle-aged men suddenly said fiercely, "Since Ye Xuan won't let us live, then we'll die together!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he charged out, and the experts behind him charged out as well!
Ye Xuan's face was expressionless. "Kill!
Leave no one alive! "
Leave no one alive!
As soon as Ye Xuan's voice fell, the experts behind him directly rushed out, as well as the twenty super assassins from Xuan City!
In order to reduce the losses, Ye Xuan also attacked!
Very quickly, bloody heads rained down from the sky …
Massacre!
Without the experts of the Dao Sect, although these Consolidation Realm experts were strong, they were far inferior to the Fifth Dimension in both quantity and quality.
This was especially true for Ye Xuan. Almost none of the Consolidation Realm experts present could withstand his Instant Kill Sword!
Once the sword was drawn, there would be death!
In a short while, all the hundred or so people present were killed, and their souls were absorbed by Ye Xuan's Soul Suppressing Sword …
After absorbing those souls, the Soul Suppressing Sword directly returned to the Prison Pagoda!
It was going to break through!
Just when everyone thought that the matter was about to end, in the starry sky of the Fifth Dimension, a powerful pressure like a mountain crushed over!
Boom!
The entire starry sky of the Fifth Dimension directly trembled …
Below, Ye Xuan suddenly raised his head, and there was a trace of shock in his eyes.
What a powerful aura!
Who is this?
.....
PS: This month is about to end.
If you don't vote now, you won't have the chance to vote again!
Hehe!








Chapter 1470
Who is it?
At this moment, all the experts in the surroundings were looking up at the starry sky. That aura was so formidable that it shocked them.
Under everyone's gazes, the space in the sky suddenly split open. In the next moment, a middle aged man walked out from within the space that had split open.
The middle aged man wore a grey robe with wide sleeves, and his hands were hidden within them. He seemed like a scholar, quiet, and refined.
Ye Xuan frowned slightly because he didn't recognize the middle aged man!
Suddenly, a voice resounded in Ye Xuan's mind. "Wu Li, the Martial Emperor!"
It was Lan Ruo's voice!
The Martial Emperor!
Ye Xuan's eyes narrowed slightly when he heard this. He knew who it was!
It was that big shot who imprisoned Jia Long and the others!
Ye Xuan was quite puzzled. Why has he made an appearance at this moment?
Wu Li looked down at Ye Xuan and said, "Where's that woman?"
Jia Lou!
Ye Xuan was about to speak when Jia Lou appeared by Ye Xuan's side. At this moment, Jia Lou had attained the peak of the Dao Attainment Realm under the full support of the Fifth Dimension. It could be said that she was only a little bit away from attaining the Union Realm!
Jia Lou stared Wu Li in the eyes without a trace of fear. Conversely, her eyes were filled with killing intent. It could be said that it was like the eyes of an enemy that had met.
Meanwhile, Wu Li suddenly slapped his palm down.
The space in the sky above Jia Lou collapsed!
At practically the exact same moment, Jia Lou smashed her fist forward!
She was going head-on against it!
She had no choice but to go head-on against it because Wu Li's punch had sealed off the space around her!
Rumble!
Along with a deafening explosion, the space where Jia Lou stood collapsed, and she was instantly pushed back thousands of meters. As soon as she stopped moving, the dragon scales on her body cracked inch by inch. Not only that, but even her Dao Body shattered at this moment.
Everyone in the surroundings was shocked when they witnessed this scene!
Right at this moment, Wu Li smashed his fist forward again!
Hiss!
The space in front of Jia Lou collapsed, and a fist mark flashed out, heading straight for Jia Lou. The powerful fist force was like a tsunami, directly crushing the space in front of Jia Lou and deforming it.
Jialou's pupils constricted. She couldn't block this punch!
Jialou did not close her eyes. Even at this moment, there was no fear in her eyes!
Right at this moment, a ray of sword light suddenly slashed down.
Boom!
The fist mark was forced to a stop by the sword light, but the next moment, the sword light shattered, and the fist mark broke through the air.
Meanwhile, Ye Xuan appeared in front of Jia Lou, and a trace of ferocity flashed through his eyes as he slashed with his sword!
He directly used the power of his bloodline and the power of the Unparalleled Sword.
Boom!
As soon as the sword descended, the fist collapsed, and Ye Xuan and Jia Lou were instantly blasted back over 3km!
After stopping, Ye Xuan's entire right hand trembled slightly.
In the sky, Wu Li looked at Ye Xuan. "Do you think that I don't dare to kill you?"
Ye Xuan looked Wu Li in the eyes, "I promised a senior from the Jia Dragon Clan that I would take care of Miss Jia Lou. I, Ye Xuan, keep my word!"
Wu Li nodded, "I know that you have many powerful backers, but …."
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "I'll fight you one on one!"
One on one!
Wu Li's eyes narrowed slightly, "Fight me one on one?"
Ye Xuan looked Wu Li in the eyes, "I don't know what enmity you have with the Jia Dragons, and I don't want to know!
I'll fight you one on one, and I, Ye Xuan, will take over the enmity between you and the Jia Dragons. "
A trace of gratification flashed through the eyes of the mysterious woman in the clouds, and she smiled, "At least he's responsible. He didn't bring shame to his parents!"
Nian Nian gazed into the distance in silence.
In the distance, behind Ye Xuan, Jia Lou tugged on Ye Xuan's sleeve and shook her head.
Ye Xuan smiled, "I promised your grandfather that I would protect you!
I keep my word! "
Then
Jia Lou looked at Ye Xuan, "This enmity is between me, Jia Lou, and him!"
Ye Xuan said, "The Jia Dragons have been kind to me."
Jia Lou said in a low voice, "He's very strong!"
Ye Xuan smiled, "One can't be ungrateful!"
As he spoke, he raised his head to look at Wu Li, "What do you think?"
Wu Li looked at Ye Xuan, "It's not fair for you to fight me one on one!"
Ye Xuan said, "Then lower your realm and fight me!"
The crowd, "…."
In the clouds, the mysterious woman suddenly laughed, "This little fellow is really interesting!
This Wu Li is really unlucky to have encountered such a thick-skinned fellow! "
In the distance, Wu Li looked at Ye Xuan, "What if I don't lower my realm?"
Ye Xuan smiled, "Then I'll challenge someone of a higher realm. It's not shameful if I lose, and it's a huge profit if I win!"
Everyone had a strange expression on their faces. Needless to say, this was indeed the case.
Wu Li slowly walked towards Ye Xuan. With every step he took, his aura became weaker. When he was several dozen feet away from Ye Xuan, his realm had already been suppressed to the Consolidation Realm!
Wu Li looked at Ye Xuan, "Suppressing to the Consolidation Realm is my limit!"
Ye Xuan smiled, "That's enough!"
As his voice fell, he suddenly raised his sword and rushed forward. In front of Wu Li, the space was suddenly torn apart, and a ray of sword light appeared!
Wu Li slightly leaned to the side, and a sword passed right between his eyebrows. At this time, his right hand suddenly swept out.
Bang!
A ray of sword light shattered, and Ye Xuan instantly retreated thousands of feet!
The moment he stopped, the flesh in front of his chest split open, and blood flowed out!
Seeing this scene, the expressions of many experts in the Fifth Dimension sank.
Ye Xuan looked at his chest, and his expression gradually became solemn!
This Martial Emperor's moves were very simple, speed and power!
In terms of speed and power, he was suppressed!
At this time, Wu Li took a step forward, and with this step, a fist imprint suddenly appeared in front of Ye Xuan!
Ye Xuan was already prepared, and he raised his sword and slashed.
Bang!
The space where Ye Xuan was directly collapsed, and his entire body was sent several thousand feet back!
Before he could stop, Wu Li took another step forward, and with each step, he threw a punch!
It was a very simple punch!
At this time, in the distance, Ye Xuan suddenly stomped his right foot. In the next instant, he gripped his sword with both hands and fiercely slashed forward. The moment his sword fell, four kinds of domains directly enveloped Wu Li.
Bang!
Within the domains, the fist imprint directly shattered, and Wu Li retreated several dozen feet.
Seeing this scene, the experts of the Fifth Dimension immediately breathed a sigh of relief. It was good that there was still a fight!
In the distance, Wu Li looked at Ye Xuan. "Four kinds of domains!"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Wu Li said in a light voice, "I'm slightly surprised!"
As he spoke, he took another step forward.
Bang!
The space in front of Ye Xuan suddenly collapsed, and in the next moment, an afterimage flashed by. The strength of this afterimage was so strong that even four kinds of domains found it difficult to suppress it!
Right at this moment, Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes, and in the next moment, he suddenly slashed down with his sword.
As this sword descended, Wu Li's pupils suddenly constricted, and he changed from offense to defense. He raised his right arm horizontally to block.
Bang!
Under the gazes of everyone, Wu Li retreated explosively by several hundred feet!
Everyone in the surroundings was stunned when they witnessed this scene!
What kind of power is this?
In the distance, Bai Dizi was slightly excited. He knew what kind of power this was!
The Power of Faith!
This was the Power of Faith of all the living beings in the Fifth Dimension!
And now, Ye Xuan was using this Power of Faith!
The purest Power of Faith!
At this moment, Ye Xuan wasn't alone!
He represented everyone who believed in him!
"The Power of Faith!"
Above the clouds, the mysterious woman.
She said in a light voice, "Very pure Power of Faith."
Behind her, the Divine Lord's expression was extremely gloomy.
Nian Nian looked into the distance and still didn't speak, but there was a trace of gratification in her eyes!
She knew that the reason Ye Xuan was able to possess such pure Power of Faith was because the living beings in the Fifth Dimension trusted him. In other words, Ye Xuan was sufficiently good to all the living beings in the Fifth Dimension!
In the distance, Wu Li looked at Ye Xuan. "The Power of Faith!"
Ye Xuan grinned. "Take another strike from me!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he took a step forward, twisted his wrist, and slashed down with his sword.
Hiss!
A ray of sword light tore through the sky!
In the distance, Wu Li suddenly clenched his right hand, and then he smashed his fist forward!
Bang!
The space where his fist descended directly transformed into a vortex, and a powerful force poured out like a torrent.
At this moment, the heavens and earth shook and split!
Rumble!
As soon as the two powerful forces came into contact, it was like a volcanic eruption. The powerful force swept across the entire world, and the expressions of the surrounding Consolidation Realm experts changed drastically, and they all retreated!
Below, a huge light screen suddenly rose from the Dao City.
A protective shield!
This was a protective shield built by the Xuanji Sect with all their might. It was to prevent the powerful forces from entering the Fifth Dimension and causing a devastating blow to the Fifth Dimension!
The remaining power was completely blocked by the protective barrier. However, the entire protective barrier was also shattered.
In the sky, Wu Li retreated more than three hundred feet, but Ye Xuan didn't even take a step back!
At this time, Ye Xuan not only had the blessing of four kinds of domains, but also the Power of Faith of the Fifth Dimension. His current strength had exceeded the scope of the Consolidation Realm!
Wu Li looked at Ye Xuan. He knew that if he didn't restore his realm, with his current strength, he wouldn't be able to do anything to Ye Xuan.
He had underestimated this young man in front of him!
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Your Excellency Martial Emperor, today, I, Ye Xuan, took advantage of you, and this is quite unfair to you. How about this, in a year, let's fight again. At that time, you don't have to suppress your realm!"
Fight more!
Wu Li looked at Ye Xuan, "You want to delay for a year!"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Yes!"
Wu Li's expression was calm, "Do you really have to interfere in the affairs of the Naga Dragon Clan?"
Ye Xuan said, "I have to repay the kindness of others!"
Wu Li stared at Ye Xuan and didn't speak.
Ye Xuan said again, "Just one year!
A year later, I, Ye Xuan, will fight you fairly. I can swear to the heavens that if there are people behind me, I won't let them interfere!
Do you think it's feasible? "
Wu Li slowly loosened his right hand, "A year later, life and death!"
A life and death!
Ye Xuan said, "Sure!"
Wu Li glanced at Jia Lou, "Your grandfather found a good person for you!"
With that, he turned and left.
After walking a few steps, he suddenly turned his head and looked at a certain place in the clouds, "Your Excellency, as you wish!"
With that, he quickly disappeared not far away.
Above the clouds, Nian Nian suddenly said, "Congratulations!"
The mysterious woman blinked, "What are you congratulating me for?"
Nian Nian looked at the mysterious woman, "If Wu Li wants to kill Jia Lou, he will need your help, because he will soon discover that his opponent will grow very quickly, so quickly that it will exceed his expectations.
At that time, even if he is unwilling, he can only ask for help from you!
And if he asks for help from you, then isn't the entire Ultimate Martial Realm in your pocket?
And with your intelligence, you should not be plotting just this. If I'm not wrong, the Ultimate Martial Realm is not simple!
What do you think? "
The mysterious woman looked at Nian Nian, and after a moment, she suddenly smiled and said, "If it wasn't for that kid below, I would be very willing to be friends with you, because you are too smart!
Unfortunately, we can only be enemies. "
Nian Nian took out a stick of tanghulu, "You made a move, now, it's my turn!"
The mysterious woman slightly raised the corner of her mouth, "Looking forward to it!"
.....








Chapter 1471
With Wu Li's departure, the entire Fifth Dimension completely calmed down!
There were no cheers.
Because the Fifth Dimension had also suffered heavy casualties!
In the sky, Ye Xuan looked up at the clouds in the sky. The next moment, he appeared directly above the clouds.
However, there was nothing here!
After a moment of silence, Ye Xuan turned around and left.
After returning to Dao City's Dao Hall, Nian Nian was sitting on the stone steps in front of the hall. She was holding a tanghulu in her hand.
Ye Xuan walked in front of Nian Nian. Nian Nian looked up at Ye Xuan. "Is it over?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "It's over for now!"
Nian Nian grinned. She took out a lively fish. "Grilled fish!"
Ye Xuan laughed. "Alright!"
As he spoke, he pulled Nian Nian into the hall.
Grilled fish!
The two sat next to each other. Nian Nian hugged Ye Xuan's arm and leaned her head against Ye Xuan's shoulder. There was a sweet smile on her face.
At this moment, Bai Dizi walked into the hall.
Looking at the White Emperor, Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Have a seat!"
Bai Dizi shook her head. "I'll just stand!"
Ye Xuan did not insist. "Let's talk!"
Bai Dizi hesitated for a moment. "Do you still have money?"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan was dumbfounded. He said in shock, "You ran out of money?"
Bai Dizi nodded. "I've basically spent all the money you gave me!"
Ye Xuan blinked. "All spent?
Three billion! "
Bai Dizi nodded slightly.
Ye Xuan was a little curious. "How did you spend it?"
He knew that Bai Dizi was usually not extravagant.
Bai Dizi said in a deep voice, "Those pills were basically given to the most outstanding people. As for these Fortune Divine Crystals, they have many uses!
Among them, I used one billion Fortune Divine Crystals to support the world below! "
Ye Xuan looked at Bai Dizi. "The world below?"
Bai Dizi said in a deep voice, "It's just some low-level worlds!
These worlds are very, very backward. Then, I used your name to establish a few martial arts academies in these backward worlds. The name of the academy is called Fifth Dimensional Academy, and you are the dean.
Those who meet certain requirements can enter the Martial Arts Academy for free … Based on preliminary estimates, we have already established more than a million Fifth Dimensional Academies. Moreover, we are still expanding … This expenditure is extremely large, but it is extremely meaningful! "
Ye Xuan said, "Tell me!"
Bai Dizi nodded. "There are two main reasons why the Five-Dimensional Universe is lagging behind other worlds. The first is the upper limit. What is the upper limit?
This is the martial arts civilization of our Five-Dimensional Universe!
Before there was the Dao Scripture, other than the Five-Dimensional Tendo, the ceiling of the Five-Dimensional Universe's Martial Dao was Release One, and it was a fake Release One.
But now, it is different. We have the Dao Scripture, and with the addition of the Whirling World, our current upper limit is no different from the Dao Sect!
But what about the lower limit?
Some of the worlds below the Five-Dimensional Universe are too backward!
Some of them are even in the Savage Era … My idea is very simple. We will establish Fifth Dimensional Academies in various places to give those backward worlds a chance to learn martial arts, and also give them a chance to change their destiny!
When there are more and more outstanding people, it will be much easier for us to change the entire Five-Dimensional Universe! "
After saying this, he paused, then continued, "Of course, there is also some selfishness!
I established the Fifth Dimensional Academy in your name. It can be said that as long as someone comes out of our academy, they will be your student. And these people will worship you like a god. The more students there are, the more power of belief you will have!
This is a win-win situation!
The most important thing is that we can also unearth more talents. Some people, it is not that they do not have the ability, it is not that they do not work hard, it is just that they do not have the opportunity, they do not have the platform. If we give them the opportunity and platform, they will not be worse than anyone else. "
Ye Xuan
Pondering.
Bai Dizi hesitated for a while, then said, "This matter is my own initiative, I …"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "You think too much!
You have done very well!
I have to say, in terms of the overall situation, we are inferior to you!
As for the matter of money, I will think of a way! "
Bai Dizi nodded, "If you say so, then I can rest assured!
There is one more thing, and that is, I have collected the martial arts books of the Daoting and Saha World. These martial arts books and divine techniques, I have already ordered people to compile them. When the time comes, they will be stored in the various academies. As long as you meet the requirements, you will be able to cultivate.
However, for the time being, Dao scriptures, martial arts, and Dao scripture cultivation methods will be placed in our Dao City's Fifth Dimensional Academy. The Dao City's Fifth Dimensional Academy is the main academy. This place will be the holy land in the hearts of all the students of the Fifth Dimensional Academy. Everyone will strive to cultivate in order to come here!
Because only by coming here can you learn the legendary Dao scripture martial arts and Dao scripture mental cultivation methods!
The most important thing is, only by coming here can you see the mysterious Dean! "
Ye Xuan: "…"
Bai Dizi smiled faintly, "If you want to come here, it will be very, very difficult!
It can be said that among millions of people, only one person can come here, because we only recruit 30 people every year!
At that time, when the headquarters starts to recruit, you must personally come to take a look, you will definitely be shocked!
Because those who can come to the headquarters must be super evildoers!
Those kind of true super evildoers! "
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "I am looking forward to it!"
As he said this, he hesitated for a while, then said, "Everything you have done is very good, but, in terms of culture …"
Bai Dizi smiled and said, "Don't worry, all the academies cultivate both literature and martial arts!
Cultivating literature, which is also cultivating the mind, is equally important as cultivating martial arts! "
Ye Xuan nodded, "You have thought it through very thoroughly!"
As he said this, he looked at Nian Nian, who was beside him, "Nian Nian's contribution to the Five-Dimensional Universe being able to have what it is today is indispensable. Her contribution to the Five-Dimensional Universe should be known by everyone in the Five-Dimensional Universe."
Bai Dizi glanced at Nian Nian and nodded, "I know, in cultural classes, there is an article about a person's biography. Only people who have made great contributions to the Five-Dimensional Universe can be included in this article. Currently, there are only two people, one is Miss Nian Nian, and the other is you. Miss Nian Nian is ranked first, and you are ranked second!
In addition, we have also built Miss Nian Nian's memorial courtyards all over the world, which have detailed records of Miss Nian Nian's contributions to the Five-Dimensional Universe. "
Ye Xuan looked at Bai Dizi and said with a smile, "You are really thoughtful!"
Bai Dizi said softly, "Whether it is Miss Nian Nian or you, even if what you have done for the Five-Dimensional Universe is not praised by the world, it should not be forgotten by the world!"
In fact, the Five-Dimensional Universe was a burden to both Ye Xuan and Nian Nian!
As long as Mu Niannian gave up on the Five-Dimensional Universe, other than the three swords, she was almost invincible. To Nian Nian, without the Five-Dimensional Universe, she would be even stronger!
As if he had thought of something, Bai Dizi said, "One more thing, we have already formulated a law. As long as you nod your head, it can be implemented in the entire Five-Dimensional Universe."
As he said that, he took out a thick book and handed it to Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan took it and glanced at it. A moment later, he looked at Bai Dizi, "Is this law only for the people at the bottom, or for everyone?"
Bai Dizi looked at Ye Xuan, "For everyone!
Including you!
Even you don't have the privilege! "
Ye Xuan nodded, "Then that's enough!"
After saying that, he handed the book to Bai Dizi.
Bai Dizi took the book and said, "Then I'll start implementing it!"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Bai Dizi retreated.
Ye Xuan handed the roasted fish to Nian Nian and said with a smile, "Eat!"
Nian Nian took the roasted fish and said with a smile, "I'm going out to play!"
After saying that, she picked up the roasted fish and left the hall.
Only Ye Xuan was left in the hall.
Ye Xuan sat cross-legged on the ground and spread his hands. Suddenly, a mysterious power appeared around him!
The power of faith!
He could feel that his power of faith was continuously becoming stronger.
This power of faith was very strong!
If not for this power of faith, he would not have been able to do anything to Wu Li.
However, he also understood that this power did not completely belong to him, Ye Xuan.
This was given to him by all living beings!
If one day, he went against the flow and the Five-Dimensional Universe collapsed, then this power of faith would disappear!
He could not rely too much on this power of faith!
As if thinking of something, Ye Xuan took out a scroll. This was the content and notes of the ninth volume of the Dao Scripture. It also contained the ninth volume of the Dao Scripture's mental cultivation method and Dao Scripture martial arts!
Life Fist!
The ninth volume of the Dao Scripture martial arts was Life Fist. When he saw the content of this Life Fist, Ye Xuan's expression suddenly changed!
What was Life Fist?
By burning one's lifespan as the price, one could obtain endless lifespan power!
Lifespan power!
This was the first time Ye Xuan heard of this power!
By burning one year of lifespan, one could obtain ten years of cultivation. By burning one hundred years, one could obtain a thousand years of cultivation. By burning one thousand years, one could obtain ten thousand years of cultivation … Not only that, when burning one's lifespan, one could also trigger one's own destiny power …
Ye Xuan closed the ancient book and could not calm down for a long time!
This thing could not be easily cultivated!
This Life Fist was extremely profound and mysterious. It also involved the power of destiny and some karma power. In any case, he did not understand it.
Most importantly, this thing needed to burn one's lifespan!
And he, Ye Xuan, did not have much lifespan left!
His current lifespan was less than a thousand years!
If he burned his lifespan, he was afraid that he would directly die!
Moreover, this Life Fist was not something he could cultivate just because he wanted to. It was extremely difficult. Not to mention, one of the difficulties was the physical body. His physical body must be at the Consolidation Realm before he could reluctantly cultivate it!
Reluctantly!
If his physical body was not strong enough, he would not be able to withstand the power obtained by burning his lifespan!
In addition, his Divine Soul must be strong enough …
It could be said that this Life Fist had very strict requirements for the cultivator.
Ye Xuan hesitated.
There was no doubt about the power of this Life Fist. Once it was cultivated, its power would not be any weaker than his Instant Kill Sword, or even stronger. Most importantly, he could combine both of them!
After burning his lifespan to obtain the power of life, he could use the Instant Kill Sword again …
In that case, it could be said that his strength and speed would reach a very terrifying level!
However, burning one's lifespan was really not a joke. Moreover, it could be addictive.
Because the more lifespan burned, the stronger the power!
There was no upper limit!
The moment of death was also the moment when he was at his strongest …
After a long time, Ye Xuan finally chose to cultivate it. However, in order to cultivate this Life Fist, he had to first improve his physical body to the Consolidation Realm …
And now, if he wanted to advance to the Consolidation Realm, he needed the Ancestral Dragon's blood, and the Ancestral Dragon's blood could only be obtained by Taoism!
Would Taoism give it to him?
Of course not!
As if thinking of something, Ye Xuan said softly, "This time, Taoism besieged my Five-Dimensional Universe … No matter what, they should compensate me for my mental damage …"
After saying that, he suddenly got up and left.
...
PS: New month, ask for a few guaranteed monthly tickets to save face!!
Otherwise, it would be too ugly!
fpzw








Chapter 1472
Dao Sect!
Somewhere in the hall, Third Lady was sitting cross-legged on the ground. In front of her was a long ruler.
Dao Gate Ruler!
Inside the hall, there were some Dao Sect experts!
At this moment, everyone's expression was somewhat ugly.
In this trip to the Fifth Dimension, Dao Sect could be said to have suffered a great defeat. This time, Dao Sect's losses were too heavy.
At this moment, Third Lady suddenly opened her eyes. The next moment, she disappeared.
In the sky outside the hall, Third Lady appeared in front of a man.
This man was Ye Xuan!
Seeing Third Lady, Ye Xuan was secretly on guard. This woman was not simple, he must be careful.
Third Lady looked at Ye Xuan, "What's the matter?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Third Lady asked, "What's the matter?"
Ye Xuan thought for a moment, then said, "Your Dao Sect besieged me, causing indelible damage to my young mind. Shouldn't you compensate me for my mental damage?"
Third Lady looked at Ye Xuan, "Are you serious?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Third Lady said, "You want the Ancestral Dragon's blood!"
Ye Xuan blinked, he was a little surprised, "How do you know?"
Third Lady said again, "You want to cultivate Life Fist!"
Ye Xuan, "…"
Third Lady asked again, "Are you sure you want to cultivate Life Fist?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Third Young Lady said, "I have to remind you that even in our Taoism, only two people have practiced this Taoist scripture martial art."
Ye Xuan frowned, "Two people?"
Third Lady nodded, "Master and me!"
Ye Xuan blinked, "Third Lady has cultivated Life Fist?"
Third Lady looked at Ye Xuan, "Is there a problem?"
Ye Xuan hesitated, then said, "Is it powerful?"
Third Lady looked at Ye Xuan, "Do you want to try?"
Ye Xuan quickly shook his head. "No need!"
What a joke! He couldn't even defeat this woman without using her Life Punch. If she used her Life Punch, his Taoist body would probably be blasted into smithereens.
Third Young Lady said, "It's impossible for you to learn this Life Fist by yourself. In other words, you have to take a lot of detours!
Do you want me to teach you? "
Ye Xuan was stunned, and then he said, "You'll teach me?"
The Third Young Lady nodded. "If you want, I can teach you!"
Ye Xuan was puzzled. "Why?"
The Third Young Lady turned her head and looked into the distance. "Do you want to go for a walk?"
Ye Xuan thought about it and nodded. "Sure!"
Third Young Lady nodded and walked to the right. Ye Xuan followed her.
Not long after, the two of them arrived at the back of a mountain. There was a Xiao Dao at the back of the mountain, and at the end of the Xiao Dao was a cliff.
The two of them walked along the Xiao Dao.
Third Young Lady suddenly said, "Young Master Ye, the reason why my Second Senior Brother targeted you like a madman is because you have the Dao Scriptures. He's afraid that you'll collect all nine Dao Scriptures and threaten his position.
Of course, there's another reason. All these years, the Taoists have been used to being high and mighty!
He thinks that the Taoists are number one in the world, and no one can offend them.
Moreover, he's being used by someone! "
Ye Xuan frowned slightly. "Used by someone?"
Third Young Lady turned her head and looked at Young Master Ye. "Young Master Ye, you have a very powerful enemy. How powerful is he?
I think that if the other party wants to kill you, you won't be able to survive. However, I don't understand why the other party didn't kill you. Perhaps it's because he's afraid of the person behind you. "
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Who is that person?"
Third Young Lady shook her head. "I don't know him, and I don't want to know him.
This is a matter between Young Master Ye and the other party. My Taoists doesn't want to interfere. "
Ye Xuan didn't say anything. He had some doubts in his heart. Who is this enemy?
Third Young Lady said again, "Young Master Ye, if you want to learn Life Fist, I can help you. I can even help you improve your physical body to the Consolidation Realm."
Ye Xuan looked at Third Young Lady. "What's the condition?"
Third Young Lady smiled slightly. "The grudge between the Fifth Dimension and the Taoists will be written off."
Ye Xuan was silent.
Third Young Lady continued, "Young Master Ye, your enemy isn't my Taoists, and my Taoists' enemy isn't you.
However, someone wants my Taoists to fight to the death with you, and then let you and my Taoists … Or rather, let you and Master form a bad relationship.
However, I feel that there's no need for us to become enemies. First, we don't have any conflict of interest. Second, we don't have any deep hatred. The reason for this situation, other than being used by others, is because my Second Senior Brother's IQ is limited.
And now, I'm in charge of the Taoists! "
Ye Xuan asked, "What about Second Brother?"
Third Young Lady said, "He has been imprisoned by me. He won't appear for at least a hundred years. And after a hundred years … If Young Master Ye hasn't fallen, I think Second Senior Brother shouldn't pose any threat to Young Master Ye. What do you think?"
Ye Xuan asked with a smile, "Can't you tell me who that mysterious person is?"
Third Young Lady said with a smile, "My Taoists can't afford to offend him!
Please forgive me, Young Master Ye! "
Ye Xuan was about to speak, but he found that he had already walked to the edge of the cliff. Under the cliff, clouds and mist lingered, making it unfathomable.
Third Young Lady gently pointed with her finger. The clouds and mist below suddenly separated. The next moment, Ye Xuan saw a behemoth!
Dragon!
To be precise, it was a dragon's head!
This dragon's head was at the bottom of the abyss. Its body followed the abyss for an unknown length.
The moment this dragon's head appeared, Ye Xuan suddenly felt an oppressive pressure!
Dragon's Might!
He had never felt such a strong Dragon's Might. Compared to this pressure, the Winged Dragon in Xuan City was simply child's play!
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Ancestral Dragon!"
Third Young Lady nodded, "Only the Ancestral Dragon's blood can improve your current Dao Body!"
Ye Xuan looked at Third Young Lady, "This dragon has fallen?"
Third Young Lady nodded.
Ye Xuan was a little curious, "How did it fall?"
Third Young Lady said with a smile, "I don't know either!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Third Young Lady looked at the Ancestral Dragon below, "At that time, I was still young. I only know that after Master brought it back, it fell not long after.
As for the reason, Master never said!
After this dragon fell, Master guarded it for three months. Three months later, he left, and after that, there was no news of him. "
Saying that, she shook her head, "Young Master Ye, my Dao Faction has no intention of becoming enemies with you. My Dao Faction can't afford to offend you. Now that I am in charge of the Dao Faction, I want to settle the grudge between us with Young Master Ye!"
Ye Xuan said softly, "Third Young Lady, aren't you afraid that I will summon the Great Dao Spirit and threaten your position?"
Third Young Lady chuckled, "If that's the case, I can't wait to be happy!"
Ye Xuan was a little curious, "Why?"
Third Young Lady looked at Ye Xuan, "If you really get the recognition of the Great Dao Spirit, it means that you are the person appointed by Master, and you will also be a part of my Dao Faction. With a genius like you joining, I naturally should be happy.
As for the Dao Faction's Master … To put it bluntly, what's the use of that position?
Second Senior Brother spent a lot of effort to fight for the position. As long as I want to, I can take it back at any time! "
Saying that, she shook her head, "Second Senior Brother doesn't understand the principle that strength is the king. Whatever position, it's all empty."
Ye Xuan looked at Third Young Lady, "If I really get the recognition of the Great Dao Spirit, are you really willing to let me be the Dao Faction's Master?"
Third Young Lady nodded, "Yes."
Ye Xuan said, "Without the recognition of the Great Dao Spirit?"
Third Young Lady smiled, "No!"
Ye Xuan was a little puzzled, "Why?"
Third Young Lady smiled slightly, "If you have the recognition of the Great Dao Spirit, it means that you have obtained Master's recognition. Since you have obtained Master's recognition, Dao Faction should naturally share honor and disgrace with you, live and die together!
However, if you don't get the recognition of the Great Dao Spirit, it means that you have not obtained Master's recognition … In this case, I naturally can't use the entire Dao Faction's future to help you.
Moreover, you can't take the initiative to join Dao Faction, right? "
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "I see!
The Dao Faction's ancestor's opinion is the most important! "
Third Young Lady nodded, "Just like Second Senior Brother, although I also want to kill him, he is Master's disciple after all. Even if I don't give face to a monk, I still have to give face to Buddha, so I can't be too ruthless.
However, Young Master Ye can rest assured that from now on, he will not appear in front of Young Master Ye again.
This, I can guarantee. "
Ye Xuan looked at the Ancestor Dragon below and was silent.
In fact, he was very clear that the reason why Third Young Lady was so humble was not because of Ye Xuan, but because she was afraid of the person behind him. Moreover, she did not want to be used by others!
Third Young Lady looked down and was also silent.
She wanted to resolve the grievances between the Five-Dimensional Universe and Dao Faction because Dao Faction really had no reason to fight with Ye Xuan. Moreover, Ye Xuan being able to gather all nine Dao Scriptures was very abnormal. In her opinion, it was very likely that Ye Xuan was the person chosen by her Master!
However, she was not sure because the Great Dao Spirit had run away!
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly smiled and said, "Third Young Lady, let's talk about Life Fist!"
Third Young Lady glanced at Ye Xuan and said with a smile, "Let's talk about Dao Body first!
Young Master Ye's Dao Body cultivation is indeed very good, but his realm is a bit low. For Young Master Ye, the Dao Body of Achieved Dao Realm should be somewhat insufficient! "
As she said this, she looked down and said, "Young Master Ye's bloodline is overbearing. It is enough to absorb the Ancestor Dragon's blood, so it should not be a big problem for him to improve!
Also, this Ancestor Dragon's Scale Armor is extremely hard. I can give Young Master Ye a few pieces and let Young Master Ye forge them into treasured armor. This way, except for some mysterious experts, it should be impossible for ordinary people to kill Young Master Ye! "
Ye Xuan looked at Third Young Lady, "Mysterious experts?"
Third Young Lady nodded, "For example … the white-robed woman behind Young Master Ye!"
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Why don't you use a different analogy?"
Third Young Lady smiled slightly, "It can't be helped. I'm weak and can't afford to offend others. Please forgive me, Young Master Ye!"
Ye Xuan smiled, then looked down and narrowed his eyes. Who was it that made Third Young Lady so afraid?
Who was it that wanted to mess with him?
At this moment, Third Young Lady suddenly said, "Young Master Ye, let's go down!"
Ye Xuan collected his thoughts and nodded, "Okay!"
Soon, the two of them walked towards the bottom of the abyss.
...
Somewhere in the starry sky, a little girl walked slowly. The little girl held a skewer of tanghulu in her left hand and a grilled fish in her right.
This little girl was Nian Nian!
After walking for an unknown period of time, the starry sky in front of Nian Nian suddenly shook violently and a voice came from it, "The three-dimensional universe does not welcome outsiders. Leave immediately!"
Nian Nian looked at the space in front of her, "Ye Xuan!"
After a moment of silence, that expanse of space suddenly split open, and then a woman walked out from within.
The woman was dressed in a white dress and held a halberd in her hand. Her expression was indifferent.
.....








Chapter 1473
Seeing this woman, Nian Nian's eyes flashed with surprise.
This woman is so strong!
This was her first impression!
The woman looked at Nian Nian, "Ye Xuan?"
Nian Nian nodded.
The woman asked, "Who are you!"
Nian Nian smiled, "Let me tell you slowly!"
...
On the other side, Ultimate Martial Realm.
On a certain mountain peak, Wu Li suddenly opened his eyes. Not far in front of him, stood a woman.
It was the mysterious woman from the Sacred Land!
Wu Li looked at the mysterious woman, "You want me to kill Ye Xuan!"
The mysterious woman shook her head and smiled, "No!
You can't kill him! "
Wu Li frowned, "The person behind him?"
The mysterious woman nodded and smiled, "Do you see the woman who stood with me that day?"
Wu Li was silent.
The mysterious woman said, "That's the Fifth Dimension Tendo!"
Wu Li said, "I know!"
The mysterious woman smiled, "The reason why you agreed to Ye Xuan's one year appointment is mainly because of her. Because you know, with her around, you can't kill Ye Xuan, right?"
Wu Li looked at the mysterious woman, "What are you trying to do!"
The mysterious woman smiled, "How confident do you think you are after one year?"
Wu Li was silent.
How confident?
In fact, he really wasn't confident!
His current realm was crushing Ye Xuan, but Ye Xuan's combat power wasn't weak at all. Moreover, Ye Xuan's growth speed was too fast!
One year later, was he really confident?
At this moment, the mysterious woman suddenly smiled, "Do you want to know what realm is above the God Realm?"
Wu Li's pupils suddenly shrank, he looked at the mysterious woman, "Who are you!"
The mysterious woman smiled, "I can't answer this question!"
Wu Li said in a deep voice, "Sir, with your strength, if you want to kill Ye Xuan, it should be a piece of cake!
Why do you want me to do it? "
The mysterious woman shook her head, "Not yet!"
Wu Li frowned. "Why?"
The mysterious woman smiled and said, "Because that woman is still quite close to here. I need her to speed up, or rather, I need his Disaster Cause to speed up … Because there are too many people helping him now, his Disaster Cause's progress is a bit slow."
Wu Li stared at the mysterious woman. "You don't dare to kill him openly!"
The mysterious woman smiled and said, "That's not something you should worry about!
This time, I came to ask you a question. Are you willing to let go of Jia Lou of the Jia Long tribe?
If you are willing to let go of this hatred, I will never come looking for you again!
If you're not willing, we can work together. "
Wu Li was silent.
The mysterious woman smiled, "It seems that you are unwilling to let go of your hatred!"
As she spoke, she tapped with her finger, and an ancient scroll appeared before Wu Li. "This scroll can allow you to advance a step further!"
With that, she turned around and left.
Wu Li remained silent on the spot. A moment later, he opened the ancient book, and his expression gradually turned solemn. In the end, the solemn look in his eyes gradually turned into excitement …
...
In the horizon, the mysterious woman walked towards the distance, and behind her was the Sacred Master.
The Sacred Master hesitated for a moment, and then said, "Master, you want to nurture this Wu Li and let him fight against Ye Xuan?"
The mysterious woman shook her head and smiled. "I'm not interested in him, but the Ultimate Martial Realm!"
Ultimate Martial Realm!
The Sacred Master was silent!
To the entire Ultimate Martial Realm, even the Sacred Master didn't know much!
Even the Sacred Master didn't know much about it!
He only knew that the Ultimate Martial Realm had produced six Martial Emperors!
After the Dao Sect's ancestor disappeared, the Ultimate Martial Realm instantly became the number one power, but the Sacred Master didn't know anything about the situation inside the Ultimate Martial Realm!
The Ultimate Martial Realm wasn't open to the outside world, and outsiders couldn't enter at all. This place was actually very mysterious!
The mysterious woman turned around and glanced in the direction of the Ultimate Martial Realm, and said with a smile, "This place isn't simple!"
With that, she withdrew her gaze. "Let's go meet some old fellows!"
As she spoke, she walked towards the distance.
Before long, the two of them disappeared into the distant horizon.
...
Dao Sect.
Ye Xuan and the Third Young Lady arrived at the bottom of the abyss. Needless to say, Ye Xuan was shocked by the abyss!
To be more precise, he was shocked by the Ancestral Dragon!
The abyss was truly bottomless, and they still hadn't reached the bottom after descending for almost 150km. Ye Xuan still didn't know exactly how big the Ancestral Dragon was, because when he looked down from his position, the abyss was at least tens of thousands of km long.
Right at this moment, the Third Young Lady suddenly stopped, and then she looked at the Ancestral Dragon and bowed slightly. "Sorry for the offense!"
As she spoke, she pressed her fingers together and lightly swiped, and then a part of the Ancestral Dragon that didn't have scales split open and blood sprayed out.
The Third Young Lady gestured with her right hand, and all the blood fell into a white gourd in her hand.
The Ancestral Dragon's blood!
Ye Xuan was slightly excited as he looked at the white gourd.
He could sense how formidable the Ancestral Dragon's blood was, and it could be said that the Dark City's Winged Dragon couldn't compare to this enormous dragon at all.
Meanwhile, the Third Young Lady suddenly put away the gourd, and then she passed it to Ye Xuan. "Let's begin!"
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment, and then he asked. "Is this enough?"
The Third Young Lady smiled. "If it's not enough, then we can take more!
In any case, it's convenient! "
Ye Xuan nodded, and then he took the gourd. He opened it, and a wave of heat assaulted his face!
The Ancestral Dragon's blood was red like lava!
Ye Xuan looked at the Third Young Lady. "Are we going to swallow it just like that?"
The Third Young Lady nodded. "Yes!"
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment, and then he asked. "Will it be dangerous?"
The Third Young Lady sized up Ye Xuan and said, "Your body should be able to endure it!"
Ye Xuan thought for a moment, and then he nodded. "Alright!"
As he spoke, he directly drank the Ancestral Dragon's blood!
Bang!
As soon as the blood entered his body, Ye Xuan's clothes were instantly transformed into ash. At the same time, his entire body actually started burning!
The Third Young Lady sized up Ye Xuan's body, and then she said, "Use the energy of your bloodline to suppress it!"
Ye Xuan hurriedly activated the energy of his bloodline. As soon as he did, the energy of the Ancestral Dragon's blood was instantly suppressed!
Ye Xuan instantly heaved a sigh of relief when he witnessed this scene.
If the energy of his bloodline wasn't able to suppress the Ancestral Dragon's blood, then he might be finished!
Because he felt like his body was on the verge of being incinerated when the Ancestral Dragon's blood entered his body!
The Ancestral Dragon's blood was too domineering!
Even his Dao Physique was unable to endure it!
Fortunately, the energy of his bloodline was able to suppress the Ancestral Dragon's blood. Otherwise, his current Dao Physique would really not dare to absorb the Ancestral Dragon's blood!
Suddenly, the Third Young Lady said, "Start absorbing the Ancestral Dragon's blood!"
Ye Xuan nodded. He sat cross-legged on the ground and started to absorb the Ancestral Dragon's blood.
The Third Young Lady ceaselessly sized Ye Xuan up, and it didn't take long for her gaze to descend onto a certain spot on Ye Xuan's body.
She shook her head. "Isn't that part of yours too ugly!
What's the use of it? "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
It didn't take long for Ye Xuan to feel that the Ancestral Dragon's blood within his body had been completely absorbed. However, his body still hadn't changed at all!
Ye Xuan opened his eyes and gazed at the Third Young Lady. The latter fell silent for a moment before she went to get another gourd of Ancestral Dragon's blood and passed it to Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan didn't hold back, and he picked up the gourd and gulped it down.
As soon as the gourd of Ancestral Dragon's blood entered his body, the formidable energy of Dragon Blood started to spread throughout Ye Xuan's body. Ye Xuan hurriedly utilized the energy of his bloodline to suppress it ….
About an hour later, Ye Xuan opened his eyes again and gazed at the Third Young Lady.
The Ancestral Dragon's blood had been completely absorbed by him again!
However, his body still hadn't changed much!
The Third Young Lady frowned. "How can you eat so much?"
Ye Xuan smiled bitterly. "I don't know either!"
As he spoke, he glanced at the huge Ancestral Dragon not far away. "Then, Third Young Lady, can you let me absorb more?
Look at this dragon, it's huge! "
The Third Young Lady glared at Ye Xuan. "This Dragon's blood is very precious!"
Ye Xuan smiled bitterly. "I know, but I don't think it's of much use for you to let me absorb so little!
Look at me, my body hasn't changed at all! "
The Third Young Lady thought for a moment and said, "Just you wait!"
As she spoke, she turned and left!
After the Third Young Lady left, Ye Xuan's gaze fell on the Ancestral Dragon, and his eyes lit up.
This Ancestral Dragon's entire body was a treasure!
Moreover, it was a priceless treasure!
At this moment, the Third Young Lady took out a large wooden bucket filled with Dragon's blood.
The Third Young Lady looked at Ye Xuan. "Drink it!"
Ye Xuan blinked his eyes. "So much!"
The Third Young Lady said plainly, "I want to see how much you can absorb!"
Ye Xuan smiled. He directly picked up the wooden bucket and drank it. As the Dragon's blood entered Ye Xuan's body, Ye Xuan's body gradually started to become red hot like iron …
There was finally a change!
The Third Young Lady heaved a sigh of relief. After all, the Ancestral Dragon's blood was very precious. One must know that there was only one Ancestral Dragon. Its blood would decrease every time it was used, and it couldn't be regenerated!
Under such circumstances, its blood was even more precious!
Not to mention Ye Xuan, even the internal members of Taoism would find it difficult to obtain the Ancestral Dragon's blood.
At this moment, a powerful aura suddenly emanated from Ye Xuan's body. At the same time, his body directly burned!
Ye Xuan was shocked. He hurriedly activated the power of the bloodline in his body to suppress it!
The Third Young Lady suddenly said, "Don't just suppress it. Remember to absorb it!
Also, circulate the Dao Scripture's mental cultivation method. Let that mental cultivation method assist your bloodline power. "
Ye Xuan nodded and hurriedly circulated the Dao Scripture's mental cultivation method … Just like that, the Ancestral Dragon's blood in his body gradually calmed down and was absorbed by his body bit by bit. His body was also slowly changing …
The Third Young Lady just looked at Ye Xuan. No one knew what she was thinking.
...
Three-dimensional universe.
The woman in the white dress and Nian Nian walked slowly. After a long time, Nian Nian turned to look at the woman in the white dress. "This is it!"
The woman in the white dress was silent for a moment. She slowly closed her eyes. "I know who that woman is!"
Nian Nian was a little curious. "Who?"
The woman in the white dress opened her eyes and whispered, "If it's really her, then he's in danger!"
.....
PS: Many readers must have a lot of votes in their hands …
But I don't dare to ask for it because I'm afraid of being scolded!








Chapter 1474
Danger!
Upon hearing the white-dressed woman's words, Nian Nian pulled out the tanghulu in her mouth and said, "I've been targeted by the Cause of Misfortune and can't make a move. If I make a move, it will be exactly what that woman wants, so …"
At this point, she looked at the white-dressed woman. "I'm here to look for you!"
The white-dressed woman fell silent.
Nian Nian asked, "It's not convenient to make a move?"
The white-dressed woman nodded. "It's not convenient!
However, since it's her, I have to make a trip no matter what. "
Nian Nian nodded. "Thank you!"
After saying that, she glanced at the three-dimensional universe below. "No one is allowed to enter this place?"
The white-dressed woman nodded. "Especially someone as powerful as you."
Nian Nian asked with a smile, "Why?"
The white-dressed woman said, "To protect this universe!"
Protect!
Nian Nian nodded. "Understood!"
The white-dressed woman looked at Nian Nian. "Go back first. I will appear when it's time!"
Nian Nian smiled. "Alright!"
After saying that, she turned around and left.
On the spot, the woman was silent for a moment before shaking her head. "Doomed fate!"
After saying that, she turned around and left.
...
Nian Nian did not return to the Fifth Dimension directly. Instead, she went to the Nether Hall in the Fourth Dimension.
The hall was very quiet.
Just as Nian Nian walked into the hall, a voice sounded from within. "He caused trouble again?"
Nian Nian smiled. "Sort of!"
The voice said, "Can't solve it?"
Nian Nian shook her head. "I've already been targeted by the Cause of Misfortune. Once I make a move, the price will be too great."
The voice said softly, "Perhaps, he should be allowed to walk his own path!"
Nian Nian smiled. "I want to too!
However, a mysterious woman has appeared. That woman is not someone he can contend against now. "
The voice said, "What kind of woman?"
Nian Nian described.
A moment later, the voice said softly, "So it's her …"
Nian Nian smiled. "It seems that you all know her!"
The voice said, "I know her, and we used to be a little familiar!"
Nian Nian blinked. "Is it really as she said? She's very close to Ye Xuan?"
The voice said, "Very close, very close."
Nian Nian frowned. "Then why did she do that?"
The voice sighed. "It's complicated."
Nian Nian smiled. "So it's an old acquaintance of yours. What should we do?"
The voice was silent.
Nian Nian licked the candied fruit and said, "She wants to use the cause of disaster to kill him now, but I know that she definitely has a detailed plan. Once this plan succeeds, his life will really be in danger!"
The voice said, "In terms of strength, besides the three swords, no one can kill her!
In terms of intelligence, only Peony could compare to her … Should he look for Miss Ding?
She might have a better idea.
As for us, to tell you the truth, we've also encountered some problems, and it's difficult for us to leave. "
Nian Nian suddenly smiled and said, "There's no need!
Since you're in a difficult position, let me do it! "
With that, she turned around and left.
The voice said, "Young Miss, be careful of her. Since she's only acting against Ye Xuan now, then there's definitely a reason. Moreover, she definitely has a perfect plan once she makes a move!"
Nian Nian nodded. "I know!"
The voice continued, "Don't let Tian Ming interfere in this matter!"
Nian Nian was a little curious. "Why?"
After a moment of silence, the voice said, "Letting Heaven's Will interfere will make things more complicated.
It can cause internal strife here.
Because apart from her brother, Tian Ming doesn't recognize anyone and dares to kill anyone … If it weren't for the green-robed man, she would have even killed Ye Xuan's mother!
She would even kill us … She's unreasonable. Once she's angered, it'll be a disaster for the entire world!
And if she destroys the world again … then the cause of disaster on Ye Xuan will really be unsolvable! "
Nian Nian said softly, "Is the cause of his disaster because of the plain-dressed woman and his father?"
The voice said, "Half of the reason is because of them. The two of them are untainted by all kinds of karma, but it doesn't mean that their closest relatives can do the same.
It can be said that Ye Xuan is now taking the blame for them.
And it's precisely because of this that Tian Ming doesn't dare to kill anymore. Otherwise, before she leaves, she would probably kill everyone who can threaten her. "
As she said that, she paused and said, "Actually, her temper has changed a lot now. It's all because of him!"
Nian Nian was silent.
In fact, she had guessed a long time ago that part of the cause of Ye Xuan's disaster was because of the plain-dressed woman and the green-robed man. It was because these two closest relatives of Ye Xuan were not good people.
After a moment, Nian Nian suddenly said, "I understand!"
After saying that, she turned and left.
The voice said, "I will find a way to contact Miss Ding and see if she has a way to resolve this feud.
Also, Miss Nian, you must be careful when fighting with this woman. She may be more difficult to deal with than you think! "
Nian Nian smiled and said, "I understand!"
After saying that, she disappeared at the end of the horizon.
In the hall, a sigh sounded.
...
Dao Sect.
At the bottom of the abyss, Ye Xuan sat cross-legged on the ground. At that moment, a faint flame was emitting from his body.
That was the dragon flame emitted by the Ancestral Dragon's blood!
After drinking a full bottle of Ancestral Dragon's blood, his body finally changed. Most importantly, he had the third young lady's guidance!
He realized that the third young lady's understanding of the Dao Body far exceeded his.
At the side, the third young lady glanced at him and then turned and left.
Now, Ye Xuan had entered the final stage, and it would not be long before he could break through!
She still felt a little pained because Ye Xuan had absorbed too much Ancestral Dragon's blood!
Every bit he absorbed meant a little less!
The third young lady left the abyss and came to the Dao Prison!
The Dao Prison!
This was the place where the Dao Sect specially imprisoned disciples who had made mistakes!
The third young lady came in front of the Dao Sect's Second Brother, whose soul was currently locked by a flame.
Seeing the third young lady, the Dao Sect's Second Brother slowly closed his eyes. "Are you here to laugh at me?"
The third young lady shook her head. "Second Senior Brother, it seems that you haven't calmed down yet!"
After saying that, she turned and left.
At that moment, the Dao Sect's Second Brother suddenly said, "What are you afraid of?"
The third young lady turned to look at the Dao Sect's Second Brother and said with a smile, "Do you really think that the Immortal Realm is invincible?"
The Dao Sect's Second Brother looked at the third young lady. "I can kill Ye Xuan!"
The third young lady smiled slightly. "Under normal circumstances, I can kill him, but what about after I kill him?
Can the Dao Sect withstand the revenge of the forces behind him?
I know that we can. In our hearts, the Dao Sect has always been invincible. "
The Dao Sect's Second Brother was silent.
The third young lady continued, "Have you ever thought about why we want to kill him?
Just because he has the nine scrolls of the Dao Scripture?
But did he forget what his Master said?
The Dao Scripture is not the Dao Scripture of the Dao Sect, but the Dao Scripture of the world. Anyone can learn his martial arts. What is his greatest wish?
It is to exile the martial arts civilization in the Dao Scripture for all ages so that everyone can learn it.
But what about you?
As soon as he left, you took the Dao Scripture and everything about the Dao Sect for yourself!
Why doesn't the Spirit of the Great Path admit it?
You?
It's very simple. Because your actions have already violated Master's original intentions. "
The Dao Sect's Second Brother's face was gloomy and he did not speak.
The third young lady continued, "Even now, this Ye Xuan still thinks that the Dao Sect can kill him!
Do you know?
If the Dao Sect really touches him, the Dao Sect will be doomed eternally. "
The Dao Sect's Second Brother said in a deep voice, "What force is behind him?"
The third young lady shook her head, "I don't know!
I only know that it is definitely not a force that the Dao Sect can afford to offend. "
Then, she looked at the Dao Sect's Second Brother, "Second Senior Brother, do you know why you can't reach the Immortal State?"
The Dao Sect's Second Brother looked at the third young lady, and the third young lady said softly, "Because you care too much about the Dao Scripture.
Not only do you care about the Dao Scripture, but you also care about power!
You have taken the wrong path! "
After saying that, she turned around and left. When she reached the door, she stopped again, "Imprisoned for a hundred years. If you can wake up within a hundred years, you can reach the Immortal State. If you can't and still live in hatred, then die!"
As she spoke, she had already disappeared.
In the Dao Prison, the Dao Sect's Second Brother was silent.
...
After the third young lady left the Dao Prison, she looked up at the sky. At this moment, a shadow appeared behind her.
The shadow bowed slightly, "Third Young Lady!"
The third young lady said softly, "Have you found out where she came from?"
The shadow said in a deep voice, "I only know that she is from the Holy Ground, but I can't find out her identity!"
The Holy Ground!
The third young lady slowly closed her eyes, "That woman wants to use the Dao Sect as a tool!"
The shadow said in a deep voice, "Third Young Lady, do you want revenge?"
The third young lady shook her head, "We are no match for her!"
The shadow hesitated for a moment, then said, "Is she that strong?"
The third young lady said softly, "She is stronger than we thought!
However, we can't let this matter go just like that!
Doesn't she want to kill Ye Xuan?
Then let's help Ye Xuan and make Ye Xuan stronger!
Let's give her some trouble! "
After saying that, she turned around and left.
At the bottom of the abyss.
Ye Xuan suddenly opened his eyes. His eyes were filled with flames.
At this moment, the third young lady appeared in front of Ye Xuan. She looked at Ye Xuan, "Congratulations!"
Ye Xuan stood up, clenched his fists, and the surrounding space directly shattered!
Power!
At this moment, Ye Xuan felt endless power!
The power of the Ancestral Dragon's bloodline!
Now, not only had his physical body reached the Consolidation Realm, but his power had also increased by at least ten times!
Most importantly, his physical body had reached the Consolidation Realm!
Now, ordinary Consolidation Realm experts could not do anything to his physical body!
As if thinking of something, Ye Xuan looked at the third young lady, "Third young lady, can I practice Life Fist now?"
The third young lady nodded, "Yes!
However, the lethality of this move is too great. Using it once is equivalent to hurting the enemy by a thousand and hurting yourself by eight hundred, or even hurting the enemy by a thousand and hurting yourself by two thousand … So, are you sure you want to learn it? "
Ye Xuan smiled, "Learn it!"
The third young lady nodded, "Follow me!"
After saying that, she turned around and left.
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Third young lady."
The third young lady turned to look at Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan hesitated, then said, "Didn't you say that you would give me the Ancestral Dragon's scale?"
After saying that, he walked to the Ancestral Dragon's side, patted one of the thick scales, and said with a smile, "I think this one is fine!
If you don't mind, I will take it away! "
After saying that, he had already started to take it away.
That was the Ancestral Dragon's reverse scale, the hardest part of the body.
The third young lady was silent.
Damn, how could this man be so shameless?
.....








Chapter 1475
Seeing that Ye Xuan was really going to pull out the dragon scale, Third Miss hurriedly said, "Young Master Ye!"
Ye Xuan turned to look at Third Miss and blinked. "Third Miss, there's no need to help me. I can do it myself!"
With that, he exerted force and plucked out the dragon scale.
Third Miss was speechless.
Ye Xuan looked at the dragon scale. It wasn't particularly big, but it was abnormally strong. It was at least four to five times stronger than the other dragon scales around it!
Good stuff!
If this thing was made into armor, it would be equivalent to a Dao body!
Ye Xuan was very satisfied!
At this moment, Third Miss suddenly said in a deep voice, "Young Master Ye!"
Ye Xuan looked at Third Miss and smiled. "Third Miss, I won't take this dragon scale for free."
Third Miss looked at Ye Xuan. "Young Master Ye wants to trade something with me?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "If Third Miss likes anything, as long as I have it, I can give it to you!"
Third Miss asked, "Really?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
He wasn't afraid. He was poorer than the Dao sects anyway!
Third Miss said, "I want some Young Master Ye's blood!"
Ye Xuan was stunned. "My blood?"
Third Miss nodded. "Not much. One gourd is enough!"
Ye Xuan's face darkened. That's not much?
One gourd!
I'm not a dragon!
If I let out a gourd of blood, I'm afraid I'll collapse!
Third Miss said lightly, "Young Master Ye is unwilling?"
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment, then said, "Third Miss, why do you want my blood?"
Third Miss smiled. "I have my uses!"
Ye Xuan was silent.
Third Miss smiled. "Young Master Ye is alive, but my Ancestral Dragon is dead. Young Master Ye's blood can be regenerated, but my Ancestral Dragon's blood can't be regenerated. Young Master Ye …"
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Third Miss, one gourd of blood is too much!
You're trying to drain me dry! "
Third Miss blinked. "Then just half a gourd!
This gourd is so small. Half a gourd of blood won't have much effect on Young Master Ye! "
Ye Xuan was speechless. He suddenly realized that the dragon scale was a bit hot!
The Third Young Lady walked up to Ye Xuan and said with a smile, "May I?"
Ye Xuan did not speak. He took out a gourd and started to bleed. Soon, half of the gourd was filled with blood.
Ye Xuan. "Third Miss," said, "Ye Third Miss," Ye Xuan said, "Third Xuan," "
Ye Xuan looked at Third Young Lady, "Third Young Lady, what are you doing with my blood?"
The Third Young Lady smiled and said, "Don't worry, I won't use your blood recklessly. I just want to study it. Moreover, your blood might be helpful to my Taoist Body!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Understood!"
The third girl put away the gourd, "Young master Ye, let's go practice Life Fist!"
With that, she turned around and left.
Ye Xuan glanced at the Third Young Lady and followed her.
On the way, Ye Xuan suddenly asked, "Third Young Lady, as far as I know, this Dao scripture martial art is the origin of all the martial arts in the Myriad World. Then, what was this Dao scripture martial art before?
Or could it be that before the Dao scriptures and martial arts, there wasn't any martial arts civilization? "
The Third Young Lady remained silent.
Ye Xuan asked again, "Can't you tell me?
I still don't know.
Dao? "
Third Young Lady said softly, "Of course I know!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Can you tell me about it?"
The Third Young Lady glanced at Ye Xuan and said, "If you want to know about the civilization before the Dao scripture civilization, then you must first understand the history of our universe!
Our universe, conservatively estimated, should have existed for hundreds of trillions of years!
But the Dao scripture martial art civilization is only 360,000 years old! "
Hearing this, Ye Xuan's expression became solemn.
The Third Young Lady said again, "Compared to this universe, humans are really insignificant. We also know very little about the history of this universe. For example, how it was formed, how humans were born … we know nothing!
Before the Dao scripture martial art civilization, the martial arts civilization of this universe was very, very backward. The people of that era were still in the Body Refining Stage and didn't know how to cultivate Qi. The lifespan of humans was basically less than a hundred years! "
Ye Xuan frowned slightly, "So backward?"
The Third Young Lady nodded, "Very backward!
But the Spiritual Qi in that era was very rich, at least a thousand times richer than it is now. Because the people of that era didn't cultivate Qi, Spiritual Qi was basically useless to them.
Master called that era the primitive era. Whether it was the spiritual civilization or the martial arts civilization, they were the most primitive.
After Master appeared, he created a new cultivation method, which was Qi Cultivation!
Absorbing the Spiritual Qi of Heaven and Earth to strengthen oneself, change oneself, break through oneself … It was also from Master's era that people became more and more powerful, so powerful that they could destroy the world … "
Ye Xuan suddenly asked, "Did the ancestors of the Dao sects teach themselves?"
The Third Young Lady nodded slightly, "Learn and explore by yourself!"
Ye Xuan said softly, "Amazing!"
Creating a new path wasn't something an ordinary person could do!
The Third Young Lady said, "After Master appeared, the cultivation method he created completely changed our universe. However, it also brought a disaster to this universe. Because everyone cultivated, they absorbed Spiritual Qi without restraint, and even plundered the Spiritual Qi of Heaven and Earth, so many worlds were destroyed …"
Saying that, she glanced at Ye Xuan, "The model in the Five-Dimensional Universe is very good. It protects the world, protects the spirit of Heaven and Earth, and forbids the wanton destruction of the strong. In this case, the universe can live longer!"
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Third Young Lady, just now you said that the history of this universe is at least a hundred trillion years, and the Dao Scripture Civilization only has a little more than 30 years. Before the Dao Scripture Civilization was the primitive era. What about before the primitive era?"
The Third Young Lady shook her head, "I don't know!
Because the people of that era didn't even create words, so there was no record at all.
However, Master once calculated that more than 10 million years before the primitive era, there might be an extremely powerful civilization in this universe. "
Ye Xuan hurried to ask, "What civilization?"
The Third Young Lady hesitated, then shook her head, "I don't know!"
After a moment of silence, Ye Xuan asked, "Why did the Dao Sect's ancestor think that more than 10 million years before the primitive era, there was a powerful civilization in this world?"
The Third Young Lady looked at Ye Xuan, "In order to spread Martial Dao, Master once traveled all over the world. He once encountered something unusual in the Northern Wilderness, but I don't know what it was!
I only know that after he came back from there, the Ancestral Dragon that had been accompanying him all along died!
Later, Master personally sealed the Northern Wilderness, and no one was allowed to step into that place. These years, the seal has loosened, and I have entered several times, but I couldn't go deep. That place is indeed not simple …
...”
The Northern Wilderness!
Ye Xuan was silent, and he remembered this place in his heart.
At this time, the Third Young Lady stopped and turned to look at Ye Xuan, "The Dao Scripture Martial Dao Civilization is only the origin of our universe's Martial Dao Civilization, but it is not the only Martial Dao Civilization."
Ye Xuan smiled bitterly, "Third Young Lady, are you trying to tell me that there is a higher dimension world?"
The Third Young Lady asked, "Why not?"
Ye Xuan frowned slightly, "Don't tell me there is really an eighth or ninth dimension?"
The Third Young Lady shook her head, "Do you think there is any difference between the fourth and fifth dimensions?"
Ye Xuan thought for a moment, and shook his head, "There is no difference, just that the Martial Dao Civilization of the fifth dimension is higher than that of the fourth dimension."
Third Young Lady nodded. "Actually, no matter if it's three-dimensional, four-dimensional, or five-dimensional, or even the Saha World, everyone is in the same universe. It's just that someone separated each place and set up a cosmic barrier. That's why there's the so-called four-dimensional and five-dimensional distinction. In the end, everyone belongs to the same universe. It's just that the area is different."
Ye Xuan suddenly asked, "Now, what is the farthest known place in Dao Sect?"
The Third Young Lady looked at Ye Xuan, "The Orc World!"
Ye Xuan frowned slightly, "The Orc World?"
The Third Young Lady nodded, "Another race that has existed since primitive times!
They are actually also humans, but they are a race that is a combination of humans and demons!
They can be said to be the natural enemy of the human race. If it was not for Master's sudden appearance, the human race would have been destroyed by them! "
Ye Xuan was a little surprised, "So strong?"
The Third Young Lady said softly, "Not just strong, they not only have the cultivation talent of the human race, but also the strong physical body of the Orc race, especially in the aspect of physical body. Compared to the human race, they have a unique advantage, and those Orcs who have cultivated their physical body to the extreme are even more terrifying."
She looked at Ye Xuan as she spoke. "Master created the Taoist Physique based on the cultivation method of their threads."
Ye Xuan said, "In other words, the Orcs in the Orc World are more advanced than us humans in terms of physical body?"
The Third Young Lady nodded, "Yes!
Because their physical body has a unique advantage!
Humans may need to cultivate for 20 to 30 years to cultivate a strong physical body, but on the Orcs' side, they may be born with it! "
Ye Xuan said softly, "I understand!"
At this moment, he finally had a rough understanding of this universe.
The universe was very big!
The martial arts civilization did not only consist of the Daoist Scripture civilization. The Daoist Scripture civilization was only the source of the martial arts civilization of this universe, but who knew if there were other universes?
The Third Young Lady said again, "If Young Master Ye wants to know more about the history of this universe, you can go to the Northern Wilderness, but that place is a bit dangerous, Young Master Ye better not go now!
Otherwise, you won't be able to return! "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
At this moment, the Third Young Lady stopped in her tracks. She glanced at her surroundings and said, "Young Master Ye, this is the place where I usually cultivate. The space here is unusually firm, so Young Master Ye can cultivate Fate Fist here. However, I have to remind you that cultivating Fate Fist is playing with your life!
Because you have to burn your lifespan in the beginning … "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
....
PS: I found that everyone has been guessing the identity of that woman recently, I also read the book comments, but no one guessed correctly.








Chapter 1476
Burning one's lifespan!
Ye Xuan was speechless!
This Life Fist was really risking one's life!
Third Miss smiled and said, "However, if you succeed in cultivating it, you will feel that burning your lifespan is worth it!
However, in my opinion, Young Master Ye's lifespan is at most a thousand years … that's too little!
I'm afraid it's not enough for Young Master Ye to successfully cultivate this fist!
So … "
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Let's try it first!"
Third Miss glanced at Ye Xuan and nodded, "Then let's try it first!"
Saying that, she sat cross-legged on the ground and said, "Young Master Ye, sit down first. Let me tell you about the origin of this Life Fist and its special characteristics."
Ye Xuan nodded and sat cross-legged opposite to Third Miss.
Third Young Lady said, "This Life Fist was created by Master by chance. Originally, he didn't want to incorporate this fist into the martial arts scripture because this fist was too harmful to the harmony of the heavens and its power was too great. Ordinary people couldn't control it.
However, after seeing me cultivate this fist, he changed his mind! "
Ye Xuan blinked, "Why?"
Third Miss looked at Ye Xuan, "Because I can control this Life Fist!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Third Miss continued, "This Life Fist burns one's lifespan as the price. It can be said to be an unconventional sword, and because of this unconventional sword, the requirements for the cultivator are extremely harsh. First is the body, because its power is too powerful, ordinary people can't bear its power. If an ordinary person cultivates it, once they use it, they may directly explode and die. Therefore, the cultivator must at least have a Dao body of the Consolidation Realm. Only a Dao body of the Consolidation Realm can bear its power. Second is the soul. In the process of cultivating this fist, the cultivator will have to endure unbearable pain. The soul must be strong enough, otherwise, the soul may be destroyed while cultivating!"
Ye Xuan blinked, "The soul will be destroyed?"
The Third Young Lady nodded. "This fist intent surpasses the limits of ordinary people. Moreover, the power obtained from this fist is unconventional. Therefore, there are many drawbacks!"
As she spoke, she looked at Ye Xuan. "Your physical body is strong enough. As for your Divine Soul, it shouldn't be too big of a problem!
The only problem is his lifespan. His lifespan is a little short, but his comprehension isn't bad, so it shouldn't be a big problem! "
Ye Xuan nodded, "Then let's begin!"
Third Young Lady said, "Now, I will teach you some of my experience in practicing Life Fist. It should be helpful!"
With that, she pointed with her fingers, and a white light directly entered the space between Ye Xuan's eyebrows!
Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes. Soon, countless pieces of information flowed into his mind.
About an hour later, Ye Xuan began to circulate the ninth volume of Dao Scripture and began to practice the Life Fist!
The moment he activated the ninth manual, a faint flame suddenly appeared around him.
Burning his lifespan!
Needless to say, the price of practicing Life Fist was too high!
Burning his lifespan!
What was the ultimate goal of ordinary people's cultivation?
It was to prolong their lifespan!
But this Life Fist directly burned one's lifespan!
However, Ye Xuan had no choice but to practice!
His top priority now was to do everything possible to improve his strength!
Without great strength, everything else was nonsense!
...
The Sacred Ground.
The Sacred Lord came to the bamboo house in the back of the mountain. In the garden, a woman was slowly watering the plants.
The woman was still wearing that dark green dress!
The Sacred Lord walked to the side of the garden and bowed respectfully, "Master, I received news.
Ye Xuan is practicing in the Dao Sect and has now cultivated his physical body to the Consolidation Realm. Not only that, he is also practicing the Dao Sect's supreme martial art, Life Fist! "
The woman nodded, "Got it!"
The Sacred Lord hesitated, then said, "Aren't we going to stop him?"
The woman smiled, "Why should we stop him?"
The Sacred Lord said in a deep voice, "He is getting stronger and stronger!"
The woman smiled, "I know!"
The Sacred Lord wanted to say something but stopped.
The woman glanced at the Sacred Lord, "Even if his physical body and realm have reached the God Realm, he is not a threat to me!
Do you understand? "
The Sacred Lord shook his head, "No."
The woman smiled, "Whether he lives or not doesn't depend on him. Whether I die or not doesn't depend on him!
This is a game between me and the person behind him. "
The Sacred Lord said softly, "The woman in the plain dress?"
The woman nodded, "The only people who can kill me and dare to kill me are this woman and her father.
It can be said that I only have one chance. If I can't kill him in one strike, I won't have a second chance.
Now, the only thing that can hold them back is the Calamity Cause. Her father is far enough away from here. If I make a move, he will not be able to help.
Of course, the woman in the plain dress is not near here either. However, if I make a move and kill him, I will die too!
A life for a life, that was my idea in the past. Now, I don't want a life for a life because I think it will be too easy for him!
So, I want a life for a few more! "
The Sacred Lord glanced at the woman, his eyes filled with fear.
He knew that the master before him might be doing something crazy.
The woman suddenly stopped and sighed softly, "There's nothing I can do. As long as I want to kill him, no matter what I do, I will definitely die in the end!
However, it doesn't matter. "
The Sacred Lord said in a low voice, "Master … is there no chance of survival?"
The woman shook her head, "There is no chance of survival!"
The Sacred Lord hesitated for a moment and said, "Then why not give up?"
The woman smiled, "There are some things that must be done, even if it means death."
As she spoke, she glanced at the Sacred Lord, "Don't worry too much. I will give you a way out later.
Once Ye Xuan dies, the woman in the plain dress will definitely go mad, and the entire universe will tremble under her sword. Moreover, no one can stop her, not even those two men, because they can't stop a Mandate of Heaven that has lost its mind.
However, there is a place that she will not make a move, and that is the place where her brother died. Only by going there can she survive. "
The Sacred Lord said in a trembling voice, "Master, is that woman really invincible?"
The woman nodded and smiled, "She is!
If it wasn't for the Disaster Cause, I wouldn't have a chance at all!
Even with the Disaster Cause, as long as I touch Ye Xuan, I will definitely die.
However, I am prepared to die! "
The Sacred Lord still wanted to say something, but the woman waved her hand, "You may leave!"
The Sacred Lord did not dare to say anything else. He bowed respectfully and left.
The woman put down the tools in her hand and walked slowly into the bamboo house. There was only a bed, a bamboo table, and a bamboo chair in the bamboo house!
The woman walked to the bamboo table and sat down. She picked up the teapot and poured herself a cup of tea. However, she did not drink it and fell silent.
After a long time, the woman raised the teacup and said softly, "I don't blame him!
However … he must die. "
After saying that, she picked up the teacup and drank it in one gulp. Then, she stood up and left the bamboo house. After walking out of the bamboo house, she gently drew a line with her finger and the space in front of her split open. In the next moment, she entered the split space.
...
The Desolate North.
Very few people knew about the Northern Wilderness because it was a true forbidden area. Even Godly State Experts did not dare to step into this place easily.
There were two reasons why this place was called a forbidden area. First, this place itself was extremely special. Second, there was a restriction set up by the Dao Sect's Patriarch!
Over the years, countless people had entered this place in search of opportunities. However, only a few could come out alive. Even if they did, it was because they did not go deep!
On this day, a woman came to the Northern Wilderness.
It was the mysterious woman from the Sacred Ground!
The mysterious woman slowly walked toward the Northern Wilderness. When she walked to a river, an invisible force suddenly blocked her way!
The mysterious woman waved her lily-white hand and the invisible force instantly disappeared without a trace.
The mysterious woman continued to move forward. Not long after, a mysterious force suddenly enveloped her body.
The mysterious woman smiled slightly. "The Great Path Law …"
As she spoke, she waved her right hand and the mysterious force instantly disappeared without a trace.
The mysterious woman continued to move forward. Soon, she arrived in front of a tall building with 12 floors.
The woman raised her head and looked at the tall building. In the middle of the building, there were three big black words: White Jade Jing!
The woman walked toward the entrance. When she approached the White Jade Jing, a mysterious force suddenly blocked her way. At the same time, a shadow appeared in front of the mysterious woman.
The shadow looked at the woman. "Trespasser: Die!"
The woman suddenly grabbed with her right hand. The next moment, the shadow's throat was directly grabbed by the woman!
He did not even have the strength to fight back!
The woman looked at the shadow and smiled. "I'm not one of those nobodies!"
As she spoke, she clenched her fist.
Boom!
That illusory figure turned into nothingness.
At that moment, the White Jade Jing suddenly trembled.
The mysterious woman smiled slightly and gently stomped her right foot.
Boom!
The entire White Jade Jing shook violently and cracks appeared everywhere. At the same time, the White Jade Jing calmed down.
The mysterious woman looked at the White Jade Jing and shook her head with a smile. "Is this the prehistoric civilization?"
As soon as she spoke, she turned around and left.
At that moment, a voice suddenly sounded from the top floor of the White Jade Jing. "Who is it?"
The mysterious woman stopped in her tracks. The next moment, she turned around and punched.
Boom!
The White Jade Jing suddenly crumbled and turned into fragments that scattered all over the sky.
The moment the White Jade Jing was destroyed, countless souls floated out of it.
The mysterious woman waved her right hand and collected the souls!
At that moment, a ferocious voice suddenly sounded from the sky. "Who is it?
Why don't you dare show your true face? "
From his perspective, he could only see a blurry figure. He could not see the mysterious woman's true face!
The mysterious woman looked up at the sky and smiled. "These souls are very useful to my nephew, Ye Xuan, so I'm taking them with me!
It's an honor for prehistoric people like you to be absorbed by my nephew! "
As soon as she spoke, she turned around and left.
In the sky, the ferocious voice sounded. "Ye Xuan …"
The mysterious woman did not leave. Instead, she continued to go deeper. Along the way, she was unscrupulous and killed everything she passed. However, she did not kill all of them. Instead, she would say, "My nephew, Ye Xuan …"
.....








Chapter 1477
Following the mysterious woman's crazy massacre, the entire Northern Wilderness wailed!
But soon, the mysterious woman escaped!
Because she seemed to be injured!
This made the mysterious forces in the Northern Wilderness heave a sigh of relief. This woman did not seem to be invincible.
However, they still could not do anything to her and could only watch her escape.
Following the mysterious woman's escape, the entire Northern Wilderness returned to peace. But not long after, the Northern Wilderness became lively again as if they were discussing something …
It was worth mentioning that not only did the mysterious woman forcibly take away some of the sleeping souls here, but she also took away countless mysterious treasures … They were all the family properties of those forces …
This was simply robbery!
A blatant robbery!
For a moment, the Northern Wilderness was filled with anger and murderous intent.
...
Dao Sect.
In the cultivation place, Ye Xuan stood quietly with a faint flame burning around him.
Burning his lifespan!
He was now burning his lifespan to obtain great power!
After burning his lifespan, he found that he had indeed obtained a mysterious and powerful power!
The Power of Lifespan!
This power was not cultivated, but burned!
One had to admit that this was indeed an unconventional move!
However, this power was really strong!
Ye Xuan slowly clenched his right hand and the space within tens of thousands of feet around him became illusory. The power in his right hand was still becoming stronger as he burned his lifespan!
The Third Young Lady watched quietly in front of Ye Xuan.
She was actually very curious about Ye Xuan because even if the Dao Sect tried their best, they could not find out Ye Xuan's true identity!
In this universe, there were really not many people that the Dao Sect could not find out.
Most importantly, this guy seemed to have a huge force behind him and the Dao Sect knew nothing about this huge force.
Too mysterious!
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly opened his eyes. The clothes on his right arm instantly turned into ashes. Blue veins bulged on his entire right arm, and it was filled with an extremely violent power!
The Power of Lifespan!
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Third Young Lady, I feel that I can't control this power anymore!"
Third Young Lady looked at Ye Xuan. "You must learn to control it!"
Ye Xuan quickly asked, "How do I control it?"
Third Lady said, "Don't burn your lifespan yet."
Ye Xuan nodded and quickly stopped burning his lifespan. Although he had stopped burning his lifespan, the power in his body was still somewhat difficult to control.
He even felt like his body was about to explode!
Because he was too strong!
Moreover, he felt as if his body was about to collapse.
Not only was his physical body on the verge of collapse, but his soul was also on the verge of collapse.
At this time, the Third Young Lady suddenly said, "Although this power is strong, you must know that it is yours!
It was obtained by burning your lifespan, and your lifespan is also yours, so you can try to communicate with it! "
Ye Xuan blinked. "Communicate?"
The Third Young Lady nodded. "Feel it, fuse with it, and make it a part of your body. Only then will you be able to control it completely."
With that, she paused and continued, "The reason why many people in Taoism cannot cultivate this Life Fist is because they have not found a suitable way to control it!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "I will try!"
With that, he slowly closed his eyes and calmed his mind!
Feel that power!
Gradually, Ye Xuan found that although this power was violent and overbearing, it was a little dependent on his body. No, it should be said that it was a little close to his body!
Any power without the support of the body would be like a duckweed without roots!
And this power was created by him, so naturally it was most dependent on him. As long as he used the right method, he could easily control this power.
Ye Xuan began to try to fuse with this power. At first, it was a little difficult, but slowly, he found that this power was not so resistant to him!
Feeling this, Ye Xuan was delighted.
There's hope!
About three days later, Ye Xuan, who was sitting cross-legged on the ground, suddenly stood up. He clenched his right hand, and in an instant, the surrounding space became transparent!
On top of his fist, there was a faint blood-red flame!
Life Fist!
Ye Xuan looked at his fist, his eyes full of excitement.
At this moment, he felt boundless power!
At this time, the Third Young Lady suddenly smiled. "Are you satisfied?"
Ye Xuan looked at the Third Young Lady. The Third Young Lady smiled and said, "Your Life Fist is just a beginner, and its power is not even one-tenth of the real Life Fist!
Not only that, when you burned your lifespan, you only burned 50 years. If you burn for a few hundred years, you will find out what power is! "
Ye Xuan was a little curious. "What if I burn for a thousand years?"
The Third Young Lady smiled and said, "Your current body can't take it. With your current body, you can at most burn 200 years of lifespan, and 200 years of lifespan is enough for you to obtain power far beyond your realm!"
Ye Xuan was a little curious. "How powerful is it exactly?"
He wanted to try, but the price was too high!
200 years of lifespan was not enough to try!
He couldn't afford to try!
The Third Young Lady thought for a moment and said, "If you burn 200 years of lifespan, your power should be able to kill a God State expert easily!
Very, very easily! "
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "What is above the God State?"
The Third Young Lady smiled and said, "That's not for you to worry about!
What you should worry about now is the problem of lifespan!
You have to know that you have less than 800 years of lifespan left!
Don't think it's a lot, if you use Life Fist a few more times, it will be gone!
Moreover, your body and soul are not particularly strong. If you use it a few more times, not only will your lifespan not be able to bear it, even your soul and body will not be able to bear it.
So, you need to find a way to improve your body and soul again. "
Ye Xuan looked at the Third Young Lady and the Third Young Lady quickly said, "Don't look at me!
Your Divine Soul and physical body have already reached your limits. It will be extremely difficult for you to improve any further!
I can't help you! "
Ye Xuan was a little curious. "Third Young Lady, what is your body realm?"
The Third Young Lady said, "God State!"
Ye Xuan quickly asked, "How did you reach God State?"
The Third Young Lady looked at Ye Xuan and raised a finger, "I spent 100 years to reach God State!"
100 years!
Ye Xuan was petrified on the spot.
The Third Young Lady smiled and said, "You can also reach God State if you take your time!"
Ye Xuan smiled bitterly, "I also want to, but I'm afraid my enemy will not give me 100 years!"
The Third Young Lady spread her hands, "Then I can't help you!"
After a moment of silence, Ye Xuan cupped his fists, "No matter what, Third Young Lady, thank you!"
The Third Young Lady nodded, "Are you going back now?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "There are still some things waiting for me to deal with in the Fifth Dimension, I have to go back and see if I can improve my soul and body!"
The Third Young Lady nodded slightly, "Your soul may be able to improve, but your body will not be able to improve in a short period of time!
Unless you have a fortuitous encounter, but it is also very difficult. "
Ye Xuan nodded slightly, his body had just broken through to Consolidation Realm, and if he wanted to break through again, as the Third Young Lady said, without a special fortuitous encounter, it would be basically impossible!
In this world, there was basically no beast blood more powerful than the Ancestral Dragon blood!
Even if there was, he was afraid he would not be able to defeat it!
At this time, the Third Young Lady suddenly said, "I still have something to deal with, I will leave first!
If you need anything, or if there is anything you do not understand, you can also come to my Dao Sect! "
Ye Xuan cupped his fists, "Thank you!"
The Third Young Lady nodded slightly, turned around and left.
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Third Young Lady!"
The Third Young Lady turned to look at Ye Xuan, Ye Xuan smiled, "You said I have a powerful enemy, can you tell me?"
The Third Young Lady thought for a moment, then shook her head, "Young Master Ye, I am sorry, my Dao Sect does not want to get involved in this mess anymore!
Whether it is you or the other party, my Dao Sect cannot afford to offend you, I just want my Dao Sect to develop steadily. "
After saying that, she turned around and left.
In the same place, Ye Xuan was silent.
Who is it that wants to mess with me behind the scenes?
Without thinking much, Ye Xuan turned around and left.
Somewhere, the Third Young Lady looked at Ye Xuan's departing figure, whispering, "I hope we will meet again!"
After saying that, she turned around and left, but after taking two steps, her eyes suddenly narrowed, her right hand suddenly clenched, and a powerful force condensed in her right hand.
A laugh sounded from behind the Third Young Lady, "Miss, you can't beat me!"
The Third Young Lady said softly, "Your Excellency, can't you let my Dao Sect go?"
The voice laughed, "You know he is the person I want to kill, but you still want to help him. You want him to become stronger, and then cause trouble for me, right?"
The Third Young Lady shook her head, "I just want to settle the grudge between my Dao Sect and him, that's all."
The voice was silent.
The Third Young Lady slowly closed her eyes, and the force in her right hand became stronger and stronger.
The atmosphere became more and more tense.
At this moment, the voice suddenly laughed, "Forget it!
Your Master is a respectable person after all, so I won't be so ruthless in this matter!
Miss, don't play such tricks in the future!
Because you don't have a second chance, understand? "
The Third Young Lady nodded, "Boss is right!
I will remember it! "
The voice laughed, "What a smart girl, you are much smarter than that Dao Sect's Second Young Master.
Take care! "
After saying that, the Third Young Lady in the distance suddenly heaved a sigh of relief. She turned around, but there was no one in front of her.
The other party had left!
The Third Young Lady looked at the horizon, and softly said, "Young Master Ye, I mourn for you!"
....
Somewhere in the starry sky, Ye Xuan was flying on his sword!
Returning to the Fifth Dimension!
It had been a while since he came out. Although the threat of the Dao Sect was gone, there were still many things in the Fifth Dimension that he needed to deal with.
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly stopped. Not far in front of him stood a woman.
The woman wore a dark green dress, on which there were mountains and rivers, and she looked very quiet and elegant.
Ye Xuan's expression became solemn, because the other party appeared without a sound!
The woman smiled, "Don't be nervous, I am a good person!"
Ye Xuan looked at the woman, "That's what bad people usually say!"
The woman laughed, "You are right!"
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Who are you?"
The woman thought for a while, then said, "You should call me aunt!"
As she said that, the corner of her mouth slightly raised, "The kissing kind!"
Ye Xuan, "…"
...
PS: I'm late!
Let me tell you slowly!
It was dusk, and I passed by a dark alley. In the alley, there were a few people in revealing clothes … These people waved at me … Out of curiosity, I walked over, and then …








Chapter 1478
Aunty!
Dear!
Ye Xuan was confused.
The woman smiled. "It's normal that you don't know me. This is the first time we've met!"
Ye Xuan looked at the woman. "Are you really my aunty?"
The woman nodded. "Yes."
Ye Xuan asked. "How do you prove it?"
The woman smiled. "I really don't know!"
Ye Xuan looked at the woman in silence.
The woman thought for a while. "But you can ask me some questions. I think I should be able to answer them."
Ye Xuan asked. "Who is Qing 'er?"
The woman smiled. "Her name is Tian Ming!
She comes from the three-dimensional universe!
Moreover, the current woman in a plain dress wasn't her true body. Of course, her current strength had already far surpassed her previous body!
Besides her, there is also that woman in white. Her name is Tu. She used to be the owner of the Executing Heaven Sword. She is also Qing 'er, one of the four doppelgangers. "
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Where are the other two?"
The woman said softly. "The other two were killed by Qing 'er a long time ago!"
Ye Xuan frowned. "Why?"
The woman looked at Ye Xuan. "Because the two Qing 'er obstructed her, so she killed them!"
Ye Xuan was curious. "What obstructed Qing 'er?"
The woman smiled. "Because!
Qing 'er wanted to defy the heavens and change her fate. But the prerequisite was to destroy the Dao. So she chose to destroy all living beings. The other two tried to stop her, so she killed them! "
Ye Xuan was silent.
The woman gently brushed her hair behind her ear. "What else do you want to ask?"
Ye Xuan looked at the woman. "Who is my father?"
The woman smiled. "It's not convenient for me to tell you!
You will know in the future! "
Ye Xuan asked again. "What about my mother?"
The woman smiled, "Mother is not an ordinary person, very extraordinary!
In fact, there's another bloodline in my body, but it hasn't been activated yet! "
Ye Xuan frowned. "There's another bloodline?"
The woman nodded. "Yes!
It was a very powerful bloodline!
However, that ability had yet to be awakened!
Moreover, the current Crazy Demon Bloodline is too overbearing. It directly suppresses that bloodline, so it can't awaken! "
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "I have two bloodlines!"
The woman said with a smile, "Yes!
Moreover, the other bloodline is also very strong. Of course, in terms of power, it can't compare to the Crazy Demon Bloodline. However, the other bloodline is a little special. Its function is not to increase strength! "
Ye Xuan was a little curious. "Is that a support type?"
The woman nodded. "You can say so!"
Ye Xuan asked in a deep voice, "Is it powerful?"
The woman smiled and said, "Definitely powerful!"
Ye Xuan asked, "How do I activate it?"
The woman blinked. "Do you want to activate it?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
The woman smiled and said, "I'll help!"
With that, she walked in front of Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan's right hand slowly clenched, his heart secretly on guard!
The woman shook her head and smiled, "Don't be on guard against me. If I want to kill, you can't stop me!
Even if you burn a thousand years of your lifespan to use that Life Fist, you're still not my opponent! "
Ye Xuan looked straight at the woman, "How do you know that I practice Life Fist!"
The woman smiled and said, "Because I've been secretly observing!"
Ye Xuan asked, "Observing me for what?"
The woman blinked, "As an aunt, what's wrong with observing my nephew?"
Ye Xuan was silent.
The woman smiled and said, "Do you want to activate your bloodline?"
Ye Xuan was still silent.
The woman shook her head and smiled, "It seems that you still don't believe me!
In that case, you can use your Life Fist to hit me! "
Ye Xuan looked at the woman, "Then I won't be polite!"
With that, he suddenly swung his sword!
Instant Kill Sword!
He had cultivated this Instant Kill Sword to the limit. Even if he didn't use the Supreme Sword, its speed and power had reached the limit.
Moreover, he was so close to this woman. Even if this woman was a peak God Realm expert, she would absolutely not be able to block this sword!
However, Ye Xuan was stunned.
Because his sword was clamped by two fingers!
The woman's fingers!
The woman clamped Ye Xuan's sword and said with a smile, "A very fast sword!
Unfortunately, this speed is still not a threat to me. "
With that, she loosened her fingers.
Ye Xuan was silent.
He knew that this woman's strength far exceeded his. Just like what she said, if she wanted to kill him, he couldn't resist at all!
The woman smiled and said, "Now do you believe me?"
Ye Xuan looked at the woman, "Why are you looking for me?"
The woman blinked her eyes, "Someone asked me to help you because you're too weak now!
So weak, you won't be able to resist the Calamity Cause in the future! "
Ye Xuan was stunned and then said, "Someone asked you to help me?"
The woman nodded, "Yes!"
Ye Xuan asked, "Who is it?"
The woman smiled and said, "Someone I know very well!
As for who it is, I won't tell you!
In any case, I'm here to help! "
Ye Xuan glanced at the woman, "How?"
The woman sized up Ye Xuan and said, "First, I have to help you activate the power of your bloodline and activate the power of another bloodline!
Secondly, your soul is slightly weak, so I can help you improve it and bring it to a new height! "
Ye Xuan was slightly surprised, "You can help me improve my soul?"
The woman nodded, "Yes!"
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment and asked, "Really?"
The woman smiled and said, "What's in it for me to lie to you?"
Ye Xuan fell silent.
He didn't know if this woman was his aunt, but an expert like her wouldn't joke with him, right?
Moreover, she knew Qing 'er and the others so well, so she was obviously from the three-dimensional universe!
The woman suddenly said, "I'll activate your bloodline first!
Of course, if you really don't believe me, then you don't have to activate it. I'm busy anyway! "
Ye Xuan looked at the woman, "Will the two bloodlines conflict with each other if I activate the other bloodline?"
The woman smiled and said, "Conflict or not, it depends on you!"
Ye Xuan frowned slightly, "Depends on me?"
The woman nodded, "Remember, whether it's the Crazy Demon bloodline or the other bloodline, it's their master, not the other way around. Understand?"
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "I understand!"
The woman smiled and said, "Can we start now?"
Ye Xuan hesitated and said, "Are you really my mother's sister?"
The woman nodded, "Yes!"
Ye Xuan looked straight at the woman, "In other words, you have the same bloodline as me, right?"
The woman smiled slightly, "Yes!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Can you show me?"
The woman laughed, "Little fellow, you're really cautious, but it's a good thing!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she opened her palm, and in the next moment, an emerald light suddenly appeared around her body. Not only that, but Ye Xuan also noticed that the blood vessels on her right hand had suddenly bulged!
Those were emerald green blood vessels!
Ye Xuan was slightly curious, "What bloodline is this?"
The woman blinked, "Immortal Bloodline!"
Ye Xuan frowned slightly, "Immortal Bloodline?"
The woman smiled and said, "Immortal Bloodline. Once activated, it possesses extremely terrifying self-healing abilities!
If cultivated to the extreme, so long as it's not erased in a single move, then no matter how serious the injury is, it can be healed!
Even if the physical body is shattered, this bloodline can automatically restore the physical body. Not only the physical body, but even if the soul is shattered, it can instantly reform.
Simply put, so long as it's not directly erased by the opponent, then it won't die. "
Ye Xuan was stunned, and then he said, "It's that terrifying?"
The woman nodded and smiled, "It's that terrifying!
It can be said that after this bloodline is activated, there are very, very few people in this world who can kill it besides those true almighty experts. Or perhaps it's even difficult to die! "
Ye Xuan spoke in a low voice, "What kind of almighty experts are you talking about?"
The woman pointed at herself, "For example, my kind!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The woman continued, "There's also the Qing 'er kind!
No bloodline is of any use when she slashes down with her sword!
Because she can sever everything with a single slash of her sword, and she can truly erase a person. "
Ye Xuan nodded, "I understand!"
As he spoke, he looked at the woman, "Help me activate my bloodline!"
The woman smiled and said, "Alright!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she opened her palm and pressed it lightly on Ye Xuan's shoulder.
Bang!
In an instant, Ye Xuan's body trembled violently, and then the blood in his body suddenly started trembling violently!
The Crazy Demonic Bloodline was resisting!
The woman smiled slightly, "I have to suppress the Crazy Demonic Bloodline first. I have to cooperate and don't resist, otherwise, it won't let the other bloodline awaken!"
As she spoke, she gently exerted force with her right hand.
Bang!
In an instant, the Crazy Demonic Bloodline in Ye Xuan's body was directly suppressed by a powerful force!
Sensing this scene, Ye Xuan's expression became solemn!
This woman's strength was so terrifying!
She could actually suppress the Crazy Demonic Bloodline so easily!
At this moment, the woman smiled and gently raised her right hand —
Bang!
Ye Xuan's eyes widened. At this moment, he felt as if something was about to come out of his body!
Gradually, some dark green light appeared around his body!
Immortal Bloodline!
And Ye Xuan found that the blood in his body gradually began to turn emerald green.
His blood was changing!
Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes, and at this moment, he felt like he was floating!
Because the power of the bloodline was a little comfortable!
The Crazy Demonic Bloodline was very powerful, but it could not be controlled. Moreover, people would go crazy, and that kind of feeling was really not good!
But this bloodline was different. This bloodline gave him a very comfortable feeling!
Gradually, the blood in Ye Xuan's body slowly transformed.
And during this process, Ye Xuan did not feel any discomfort.
After a long time, Ye Xuan seemed to have thought of something. He looked at the woman, "Just now, you said that you can help me improve my soul?"
The woman nodded, "Yes!"
Ye Xuan was a little curious, "How do you improve it?"
The woman smiled, "Using souls to supplement souls!"
Ye Xuan frowned slightly, "Using souls to supplement souls?"
The woman nodded, "Not long ago, I picked up a batch of powerful souls. After absorbing them, I should be able to break through the limit of my soul!
En, when I leave, I will also leave behind a fortune, enough to help change the entire Five-Dimensional Universe. "
Ye Xuan blinked his eyes, "Fortune!"
The woman smiled, "No matter what, you are my nephew, I will definitely treat you well!"
.....








Chapter 1479
Aunty!
Ye Xuan glanced at the woman. He was now certain that this woman was related to his mother!
Because his new bloodline power was the same as this woman's bloodline power!
Moreover, the other party could know so many things!
Was the other party really here to help him?
His intuition told him that things might not be so simple!
But he couldn't tell what was wrong!
At this time, the mysterious woman smiled slightly, "Don't think too much, feel the bloodline!"
Ye Xuan nodded and slowly closed his eyes.
At this moment, his whole body was warm and very, very comfortable.
He had to admit that he was a little excited at this moment!
If this Immortal Bloodline was really so abnormal, then with his Daoist Physique, who could kill him?
Moreover, he also had the Ancestral Dragon's Scale. Once the scale was forged into a treasured armor, it could be said that his physical body would be extremely tough. Even if he stood there and let a Consolidation Realm expert slash at him, the opponent would not be able to kill him!
Thinking of this, Ye Xuan looked forward to it even more!
With the help of the woman, the Mad Demon Bloodline in his body had been completely suppressed, and the new bloodline was slowly taking over his body. After the bloodline had been dormant for more than 20 years, it was even happier than Ye Xuan himself when it regained its freedom!
About half an hour later, the woman withdrew her hand. She retreated to the side and said with a smile, "It's done!"
Ye Xuan opened his eyes and clenched his fists. In an instant, the blood in his body quickly flowed from his body, and an emerald light appeared around him.
It was very comfortable!
Ye Xuan looked at the woman, "My bloodline activation was successful?"
The woman nodded, "Yes!"
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment, then asked, "Then what about my Crazy Demon Bloodline?"
The woman said with a smile, "The Crazy Demon Bloodline did not disappear, but it was temporarily suppressed by me. In the future, when you need to use it, it will naturally appear, but under normal circumstances, it won't be used, right?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "That's true!"
The woman continued, "Actually, the two bloodlines can coexist, but I'm afraid it's a little difficult to control right now, so I can only separate them and slowly try to control them in the future!
It will be very interesting if the two bloodlines can coexist because the Undying Bloodline can make up for the flaws of the Mad Demon Bloodline. "
Ye Xuan nodded. "I understand!"
The Mad Demon Bloodline was equivalent to self-mutilation, but the Undying Bloodline could restore the body!
Meanwhile, the woman spoke abruptly, "We'll slowly comprehend the bloodline energy in the future!
Let me help you improve your Divine Soul! "
As she spoke, she opened her palm and a white jade bottle appeared in her hand.
Ye Xuan was a little curious. "This is?"
The woman smiled and said, "Soul body!
A very powerful soul body! "
A soul body!
Ye Xuan glanced at it, and soon, his expression became unprecedentedly solemn!
There were at least tens of thousands of souls inside!
These souls were at least at the peak of the Immortal State, and many of them might have surpassed the Immortal State!
Ye Xuan looked at the woman in shock, "These are?"
The woman smiled faintly, "They were all bad people, and I killed them.
En, I've erased all their memories, and now they're a great tonic for you. After absorbing these souls, your Divine Soul should reach a very terrifying level! "
Ye Xuan looked at the white jade bottle and did not speak.
The woman smiled, "Are you worried?"
Ye Xuan looked at the woman.
"These souls are too powerful!"
The woman laughed, "If they're not powerful, it's useless to absorb them!"
Ye Xuan was silent.
The woman smiled, "It seems that you still think I'll harm you!
Really, I'm in critical condition. If I make a move now, other than my Qing 'er, no one will be able to save him!
You should know that I'm not lying, right? "
Ye Xuan was still silent.
The woman shook her head and smiled, "Little guy, I said so much because you're my nephew. If you want to become stronger, it's not impossible to ignore these souls. I won't force you!"
With that, she put away the white jade bottle.
Ye Xuan suddenly asked, "Where is my mother now?"
The woman smiled, "A very far place!"
Ye Xuan asked, "How far?"
The woman thought for a moment and said, "I don't know, but it's very, very far. Father is the same. Many people are helping to fight against the Cause of Calamity."
With that, she raised the white jade bottle in her hand, "Do you want it or not?
The souls of over 10,000 super experts can not only make my Divine Soul stronger, it can also make my Soul Subduing Sword achieve a qualitative change! "
Ye Xuan smiled, "Yes!"
The woman passed the white jade bottle to Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan took the white jade bottle, but he did not absorb it immediately.
The woman blinked, "If you absorb it now, I can help you improve!"
Ye Xuan smiled, "There's no hurry, Aunty. Didn't you say that you have some treasures for me?"
The woman smiled, "Of course!"
With that, she took out a Spatial Ring and handed it to Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan glanced at the Mustardseed Ring. Soon, his expression turned serious!
The woman smiled, "Moved?"
Ye Xuan looked at the woman and nodded.
The treasures in the Spatial Ring were enough to change the entire Fifth Dimension!
They could make the Fifth Dimension reach an unprecedented level!
The woman looked around, "I should also go!
Take care of yourself! "
Ye Xuan looked at the woman, "Where are you going?"
The woman smiled, "A very far place. We'll meet again in the future!"
With that, she turned and left.
Under Ye Xuan's gaze, the woman disappeared into the horizon.
In the same place, Ye Xuan looked at the white jade bottle and the Spatial Ring in his hand.
At this time, Ye Zhiming suddenly said, "You don't believe this woman?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Ye Zhiming was a little confused, "Why?"
Ye Xuan said softly, "One who is unaccountably solicitous is hiding evil intentions.
My soul is not strong enough, and then someone immediately came to give me powerful souls for me to absorb … My Fifth Dimension wants to develop, and then someone came to give me so many treasures that can change the entire Fifth Dimension … Is this a coincidence?
Maybe it is, but I can't be too cautious!
If someone dug a hole for me, wouldn't it be a pain in the ass? "
Ye Zhiming said in a low voice, "Do you think she is Little Aunt?"
Ye Xuan looked at his body, then said, "She has the same bloodline as me, so it should be true. However, her appearance is a little suspicious.
Also … "
As he spoke, he looked at the white jade bottle and Storage Ring in front of him. "I can tell at a glance that these powerful souls are not simple, and with these treasures … I think she might have gone to rob a powerful force … Anyway, I have to be more careful.
When the time comes, I will go to the Nether Palace and ask that Big Aunt if she knows this Little Aunt. If she does, then she is really one of us, that would be for the best. If she doesn't … "
At this point, he did not continue!
Ye Zhiming also fell silent.
Neither of them wanted to think about the worst!
At this time, Ye Xuan said, "I will go to the Nether Palace now!"
With that, he was about to leave, but at this moment, the white jade bottle in his hand suddenly shattered, and the next moment, countless souls rushed into his forehead like a tide.
Boom!
Ye Xuan's body trembled violently, and a powerful soul aura swept out from his body, causing the space around him to tremble like an earthquake!
It's over!
This was the thought in Ye Xuan's mind at this moment.
The other party actually used force!
This was definitely a trap!
Damn it!
Is this woman really my Little Aunt?
....
On the other side, the mysterious woman looked at Ye Xuan in the distance, a faint smile on her face, "What a cautious guy, I actually failed to trick him!
However, this karma, I have to accept it even if I don't want to … "
...
Not far away, Ye Xuan was madly absorbing those souls, not because he wanted to, but because he had to!
If he did not absorb those souls, they would burst his body!
He had to absorb them!
Not only did he have to absorb them himself, but he also had to use the Soul Suppressing Sword to help him!
Because those souls were too powerful!
Just like this, after about four hours, the soul aura around Ye Xuan finally calmed down, and beside him, the Soul Suppressing Sword trembled violently, emitting a powerful soul aura that could really destroy the world!
The Soul Suppressing Sword had broken through and reached an unprecedented level of strength!
Even Ye Xuan did not know what level it had reached!
In any case, there was only one word to describe it: powerful!
And his own Divine Soul was also unprecedentedly strong!
After his Divine Soul became stronger, he realized that with a thought, his divine sense could cover a radius of millions of miles, and he could even clearly sense an ant within millions of miles!
At this moment, he felt that the whole world had become clear!
This feeling was too wonderful!
But soon, Ye Xuan's face darkened!
Why did that woman do this?
Moreover, he had the same bloodline as her, which meant that she might really be his Little Aunt!
Since she was his Little Aunt, why would she do this?
Dig a hole for him?
Ye Xuan was silent.
Although his Divine Soul had greatly improved, he could not feel happy at all!
Because his intuition told him that this was not a good thing!
At this moment, Ye Zhiming suddenly said, "But if that woman really wanted to die, she could have just killed him, why would she dig a hole for him?"
Ye Xuan shook his head, "That's what I'm confused about!"
Ye Zhiming said solemnly, "Do you want to use the treasures in the Storage Ring?"
Ye Xuan looked at the Storage Ring and said softly, "I do!
I've already absorbed these souls anyway!
If there's bad karma, even if I don't use this Storage Ring, I'm afraid it's useless. "
Saying so, he looked at the horizon, "Go back!"
Then, he turned into a sword light and disappeared into the horizon.
In the clouds, the woman looked at Ye Xuan in the distance with a complicated look in her eyes, "So similar …"
.....
PS: Did anyone force me to have a monthly ticket?








Chapter 1480
The Five-Dimensional Universe.
After returning to the Five-Dimensional Universe, Ye Xuan immediately called Bai Dizi.
In the hall, Bai Dizi looked at the storage ring in Ye Xuan's hand with a solemn expression. "These treasures …"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Shocked, right?"
Bai Dizi nodded.
Ye Xuan said softly, "I'm shocked too!"
As he said that, he told them about the mysterious woman!
After listening to Ye Xuan's words, Bai Dizi immediately shook his head. "This woman's purpose is not pure!"
Ye Xuan asked, "Why do you think so?"
Bai Dizi said in a deep voice, "She may really be related to you, but if it was for your own good, she would never force you to absorb those souls. Moreover, don't you think her appearance is a bit too coincidental?"
Ye Xuan nodded and said in a deep voice, "I think so too!
However, with her strength, it should be easy for her to kill me. If she wanted to deal with me, there is really no need for her to do these fancy things! "
Bai Dizi shook his head. "You can't think like that!"
Ye Xuan looked at Bai Dizi. Bai Dizi said in a deep voice, "It's easy to kill you, but what about after killing you?
Can she live? "
As he said that, he shook his head. "After the other party kills you, she definitely can't live. At least she will be retaliated."
Ye Xuan shook his head. He really couldn't figure out the woman's purpose.
Bai Dizi said again, "However, I also don't quite understand the other party's purpose!
Because since the other party knows how powerful the woman in the plain dress is, but still dared to deal with you like this, it is definitely not normal.
In any case, you have to be careful! "
Ye Xuan nodded.
He was most worried about the mysterious enemy that the third young lady mentioned. If the previous aunt was the mysterious enemy that the third young lady mentioned, then it would be a bit of a pain in the ass!
Bai Dizi suddenly said, "Right!
Miss An and Miss Xiao Qi have reached the Consolidation Realm! "
Consolidation Realm!
Ye Xuan was stunned, and then he said, "That fast?"
Bai Dizi smiled and said, "It's mainly because of Xuan City's help. Of course, the main reason is that Miss An and Miss Xiao Qi are too talented."
Ye Xuan nodded.
Xiao Qi and An Lanxiu's talent was definitely not inferior to his.
Bai Dizi continued, "Other than the two of them, Jialou, Aro, and Lady Jiu are also showing signs of breaking through."
Ye Xuan suddenly asked, "Where are A Mu and the others?"
Bai Dizi said, "You mean High Priest A Mu of the Wu Clan?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Of course, he did not forget this woman. He was her servant.
Bai Dizi said, "The Wu Clan has always been our focus. As for Miss A Mu, she has already reached the Dao Attainment Realm. However, it will be a little difficult for her to reach the Consolidation Realm!
Of course, Miss A Mu's strength is not cultivation talent, but her intelligence. I have formed a cabinet, which is filled with some outstanding people in our Fifth Dimension. Miss A Mu is one of them. Many of the policies were proposed by Miss A Mu! "
Ye Xuan smiled slightly. "I'll go see her!"
Bai Dizi nodded. "Okay!"
Ye Xuan left the hall and went to the hall where Bai Dizi worked, which was the Daoist Temple.
This Daoist Temple was where Bai Dizi usually worked!
At this time, a group of people were busy in the temple. There were men and women, and there were more than fifty people!
They were all people that Bai Dizi had carefully selected!
These people might not be very strong, but their intelligence was top-notch. It could be said that these people were the brains of the Fifth Dimension.
When Ye Xuan walked into the hall, everyone in the hall raised their heads to look at Ye Xuan. When they saw that it was Ye Xuan, they immediately stopped what they were doing and stood up to greet him!
Ye Xuan smiled slightly. "You guys continue with your work!"
As he said this, he looked at a woman in the corner and smiled. "My high priest, shall we go out for a walk?"
A Mu looked at Ye Xuan. After a while, she smiled sweetly. "Okay!"
The two left the hall.
Ye Xuan
(This chapter is not finished, please continue to the next page)
He brought A Mu to the city. At this time, Dao City was very prosperous. The streets were filled with people, and the majority of them were cultivators. Moreover, they were very strong.
This was because there were two attractive places in Dao City. First, there were complete versions of Dao scriptures. Second, the headquarters of the Fifth Dimension Academy was located here.
All the major powers in the universe wanted to send their people to the Fifth Dimension Academy. This included the ancient super powers like the Nanyue family and the Gu family. This was because the temptation of Dao scriptures was too great!
Although they had obtained some of the contents of Dao scriptures, their cultivation methods and martial arts were still in the hands of Ye Xuan.
As for the Whirling School, although they also had it, they didn't dare to spread it. Therefore, if one wanted to learn Dao Scriptures, martial arts, and Dao Scriptures, there were only two places. One was the Fifth Dimension, and the other was the Dao Sect!
However, Dao Gate was not open to the public. Therefore, they could only come to the Fifth Dimension.
At this time, A Mu suddenly said in a soft voice, "I thought you had forgotten about me!"
Ye Xuan collected his thoughts and smiled. "How could I forget about you?
Even if I forget about myself, I will not forget about you! "
A Mu turned her head and looked at Ye Xuan. A moment later, her expression became somewhat complicated. "You have grown so fast!"
Ye Xuan turned his head to look at A Mu and smiled. "No matter how fast I grow, I will always be your witch's servant!"
A Mu stopped and looked at Ye Xuan. "Are you still my witch's servant?"
Ye Xuan looked straight at A Mu. "I will be your witch's servant for a lifetime!
Not only your witch's servant, but also the Wu Clan's witch's servant. "
A Mu looked at Ye Xuan for a long time. After a long time, she suddenly pulled Ye Xuan's hand and smiled. "You must remember what you said!"
Ye Xuan held A Mu's hand. "I never lie to my own people!"
The corner of A Mu's mouth rose. "The witch's servant I found is the strongest in the history of the Wu Clan."
Ye Xuan laughed.
A Mu suddenly said softly, "Meeting you and choosing you is my fortune, and also the Wu Clan's fortune!"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "Meeting you is my fortune!"
A Mu smiled mischievously. "Do you really think so?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "I told you.
I never lie to my own people! "
A Mu blinked. "I'm one of your own people?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes!"
A Mu smiled. "Thank you.
Actually, at first I really thought you had forgotten about me!
I didn't dare to look for you because I was afraid you would really forget about me!
I just didn't expect you to take the initiative to look for me! "
Ye Xuan said softly, "I'm sorry."
A Mu shook her head. "I know you are very busy. Moreover, the enemies are getting stronger and stronger."
As she said that, she looked at Ye Xuan. "Do we still have powerful enemies?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes!"
A Mu sighed softly. "When will it end?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "It's fine. I'll carry it!"
As he said that, he pulled A Mu to the noodle shop. He looked at the owner of the noodle shop and said with a smile, "Boss, two bowls of noodles!"
The owner laughed. "Sir, please wait a moment!
I'll be right there! "
As Ye Xuan and A Mu took their seats, many people around them looked over, mainly at A Mu!
A Mu was a great beauty. Coupled with her gentle personality, she gave people a very comfortable feeling.
Soon, two bowls of noodles were served.
Ye Xuan looked at A Mu and said with a smile, "I especially like eating noodles!"
A Mu blinked. "Were you poor when you were young?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "You investigated me?"
A Mu nodded.
Ye Xuan looked at the noodles in front of him. At that moment, he thought of Ye Ling again!
He did not know how that little girl was doing now!
However, with that mysterious senior around, Ye Ling's safety would definitely not be a problem.
At that moment, laughter suddenly came from the side. "What a beautiful woman!"
Hearing that, Ye Xuan frowned slightly. He turned his head and saw a young man walking over slowly from afar.
The man was wearing a purple brocade robe.
(If this chapter is not finished, please continue to the next page.)
There was a piece of green jade tied to his waist. The jade was the size of a palm and emitted a dark green glow. It was obvious that it was no ordinary item.
And in his right hand, he held a long sword.
The man was handsome and dressed luxuriously. The moment he appeared, he attracted the attention of many people, especially women.
Many women around looked at the man with smiles on their faces and covered their mouths as they whispered.
Actually, the man's looks were secondary. The most important thing was that the man was carrying a sword!
One look and you could tell that he was a Swordsman!
It should be known that the most popular person in the entire Fifth Dimension was a Swordsman!
This was because the Master of the Fifth Dimension, who was also the dean of the Fifth Dimension Academy, Ye Xuan, was a Swordsman.
Behind the young man, there was an old man. The old man carried a sword and his eyes were as sharp as an eagle's. One look and you could tell that he was an expert!
The man slowly walked to the side of Ye Xuan and A Mu. He looked at A Mu and smiled. "Miss, there is still an empty seat here. May I sit here?"
A Mu looked at a certain badge on the man's chest. She smiled and shook her head. "It's not convenient!"
The man was not angry. He smiled and said, "Miss, let me introduce myself. I am Nanmu Chuan!"
"Nanmu Chuan!"
As soon as the man's voice fell, there was a cry of surprise!
"Oh my god!
He's that Nanmu Chuan! "
"It's really him!
He's Nanmu Chuan from the number one family in the South, the Nanmu family! "
"The number one swordsman of the South, Nanmu Chuan …"
"I heard that his overall score reached nine stars!"
"Nine stars … So he's here to join the Fifth Dimension Academy's headquarters?"
"That's for sure …"
Fifth Dimension Academy!
In front of A Mu, Ye Xuan blinked his eyes and looked at Nanmu Chuan. "You're from the Fifth Dimension Academy?"
Nanmu Chuan looked at Ye Xuan. "Let me correct you. I'm currently from the Fifth Dimension Academy's headquarters!"
Ye Xuan pointed at himself. He was a little puzzled. "You don't know me?"
Nanmu Chuan smiled. "Should I know you?"
Ye Xuan turned to look at A Mu. A Mu covered her mouth and chuckled. She used her mystical qi to transmit her voice. "Every academy has a statue of you and Miss Nian Nian. However, that statue is a little exaggerated. In addition, you're wearing too ordinary clothes. Moreover, your aura is restrained and you don't have the aura of a ruler. Therefore, it's normal that he doesn't know you!
In fact, it's not just them. Many people in the city don't really know you. Because you spend very little time in the city, people rarely come into contact with you. Even if they see you, they won't think of you immediately. "
Ye Xuan was speechless. He was too low-key!
At this time, Nanmu Chuan looked at A Mu. "How should I address you, miss?"
A Mu smiled. She pointed at Ye Xuan. "Do you know who he is?"
Nanmu Chuan glanced at Ye Xuan. He smiled. "I don't know!
I don't want to know either. "
A Mu was a little curious. "Why?"
Nanmu Chuan smiled. "Miss, forgive me for being blunt. He's not worthy of you!"
Ye Xuan lowered his head and ate his noodles. He didn't say anything.
This was too tragic!
His position as the master of the Fifth Dimension was really too tragic!
It was fine if outsiders didn't know him!
But no one in the city had noticed him!
When he got back, he had to have a good talk with Bai Dizi.
Nanmu Chuan looked at A Mu. "Miss, do you really not want to get to know me?
I feel that if you don't get to know me, first of all, I will feel very regretful. Second, I feel that this is a loss for you. "
A Mu gently kicked Ye Xuan. She was a little dissatisfied. "My Witch's Servant, stop eating!"
Ye Xuan wiped his mouth and looked at Nanmu Chuan. "She's my High Priestess, and I'm her Witch's Servant. She won't get to know another man."
Nanmu Chuan shook his head and smiled. He took out a storage ring and placed it in front of Ye Xuan. "There are a hundred Fortune Divine Crystals inside. There's also a scroll of my Sword Dao mental cultivation method and insights. It's enough to change your fate. Leave her, and these are all yours!"
Ye Xuan: "…"
...
(End of this chapter)








Chapter 1481
One hundred Fortune Divine Crystals!
Ye Xuan was speechless.
'Dammit, I still have a few hundred million in my storage ring!'
A Mu covered her mouth and snickered. At this moment, she did not look like a High Priestess. Instead, she looked like a young girl in love.
When Nanmu Chuan saw that Ye Xuan did not speak, he took out another storage ring. "Two hundred Fortune Divine Crystals!"
Two hundred!
Ye Xuan was about to speak when Nanmu Chuan threw out another storage ring. "One thousand Fortune Divine Crystals!"
One thousand!
Someone exclaimed in surprise!
One thousand Fortune Divine Crystals was not a small amount!
One should know that the most common crystals in the market were ordinary crystals. Only some of the major forces had Fortune Divine Crystals!
There was another reason why many people racked their brains to enter the Fifth Dimensions Academy. The academy would provide them with Fortune Divine Crystals!
For an ordinary person, one thousand Fortune Divine Crystals was enough to change their fate!
Ye Xuan looked at Nanmu Chuan and smiled. "So what if you're rich?"
Nanmu Chuan smiled. "Being rich isn't necessarily a big deal. But without money, one must be a coward. What do you think?"
Ye Xuan shook his head and smiled. "You're right. Without money, one must be a coward.
But I don't understand. Didn't your academy teach you how to behave?
First of all, it's rude of you to interrupt us while we're eating noodles. Secondly, you insulted me with money. That's very tasteless.
I remember there's a rule in the academy. Disciples are not allowed to bully the weak or … "
Nanmu Chuan suddenly interrupted Ye Xuan. "I'm sorry. There's no such rule in the academy!"
Ye Xuan looked at Nanmu Chuan. "Then there's one now!
I said it! "
Nanmu Chuan narrowed his eyes. He had already noticed that something was wrong.
A Mu was also silent.
She knew that Ye Xuan was a little angry.
Bullying the weak was what Ye Xuan hated the most. Simply put, bullying the weak and fearing the strong.
Nanmu Chuan looked at Ye Xuan and said with a smile, "Looks like you're not an ordinary person!
However, aren't you a little too arrogant? Do you think you can change the academy's rules just because you say so? "
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "I think we should give people a chance to turn over a new leaf!
Now, apologize, apologize to both of us, sincerely apologize, and we will forgive you!
What do you think? "
Nanmu Chuan laughed. "Sir, you think too highly of yourself."
Ye Xuan faintly smiled. "Then I will now announce that you are disqualified from entering the Fifth Dimensions Academy!"
Nanmu Chuan looked at Ye Xuan and the smile on his face gradually disappeared. "Who the hell are you?!"
He was not stupid. At this moment, he already felt that something was wrong.
Just as Ye Xuan was about to speak, a voice sounded out from the side. "Brother Nanmu, this person sure is arrogant."
Ye Xuan turned his head and saw a man striding over from afar!
Nanmu Chuan was slightly surprised when he saw this person. Then, he smiled and said, "Oh, it's Brother Fang Jin!"
"Fang Jin!"
Someone in the crowd exclaimed, "He's also Fang Jin who passed the Nine Stars Academy!"
This time, there were only two people from the South who were admitted into the Fifth Dimensions Academy. One of them was Nanmu Chuan, and the other was Fang Jin. These two people belonged to the same academy in the South!
Fang Jin cupped his fists at Nanmu Chuan and then looked at Ye Xuan. He smiled and said, "Did you just say that you want to disqualify Nanmu Chuan?"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Yes!"
Fang Jin shook his head and smiled. "Don't you think it's ridiculous for you to say that?"
Ye Xuan blinked his eyes. "Is it ridiculous?"
Fang Jin laughed. "It's not just ridiculous!
As far as I know, there are only two people who can disqualify someone from the academy. One of them is Vice-Dean Bai Dizi, and the other is Ye Xuan. You … "
At this point, he seemed to have thought of something. His pupils suddenly shrank and he took a few steps back. "You …"
Ye Xuan smiled. "What about me?"
Fang Jin stared at Ye Xuan. After a while, he said in a trembling voice, "Ye … Dean …"
Dean Ye!
As soon as he said this, the crowd was in an uproar!
At this time, someone exclaimed, "He … He's City Lord Ye!
It's really him … He used to kill a fish seller here … "
Green City, Ye Family, Ancestral Hall.
"Ancestors, Ye Xuan has no talent and no virtue … From now on, Ye Xuan's position as the Crown Prince will be replaced by Ye Lang."
The person who spoke was an old man in a black robe.
Not far behind the old man stood a young man. The young man had a faint smile on his face.
This person was Ye Lang.
Beside him were the elders of the Ye Family.
"Why!"
At this moment, a timid voice suddenly rang out in the ancestral hall.
Everyone turned to look and saw a little girl standing at the door. She was about 12 or 13 years old, and her hands were tightly gripping the hem of her skirt. Her face had a sickly pallor, and she looked a little weak. There was even a trace of fear in her eyes.
The little girl was called Ye Ling. She was Ye Xuan's younger sister. When she heard that the family wanted to disqualify Ye Xuan, she rushed over despite her illness.
The old man frowned. "Ye Ling, what are you doing!"
The little girl called Ye Ling bowed to the people in the ancestral hall and said timidly, "Great Elder, my brother Ye Xuan is the Crown Prince. Why did you disqualify him?"
The Great Elder looked at Ye Ling coldly. "This is a family matter. Why are you interrupting?
Leave! "
Ye Ling was clearly a little fearful. She did not dare to look the Great Elder in the eye, but she did not leave. Instead, she mustered up her courage and walked into the ancestral hall. She bowed to the elders on both sides of the hall and said, "Elders, my brother is currently fighting with the Li family for the mining rights of the mine in Nanshan. He is now fighting for the family, and it is unknown whether he is alive or dead. However, the family has used a groundless excuse to remove his position as the Crown Prince.
"Impudent!"
The Great Elder suddenly raged. "It's not up to a little girl like you to decide whether to disqualify him or not.
Men, drag her away. "
At this time, the new Crown Prince, Ye Lang, suddenly laughed, "You should be flogged 30 times as a warning!"
The Great Elder replied coldly, "Then flog him 30 times!"
Very quickly, two guards of the Ye Family rushed in.
Ye Ling clenched her fists and said angrily, "This is unfair. My brother has risked his life for the family for so many years. Even now, he is fighting for the family. The family is unfair to him …"
One of the guards glanced at the new Crown Prince, Ye Lang. He knew that this was his chance to shine.
The guard smiled coldly. "Young Master Ye Lang inherits the title of Crown Prince. What are you yelling about?" As he spoke, he raised his hand and slapped Ye Ling's face.
Slap!
A crisp slap sounded. Ye Ling's right cheek instantly turned red and swollen. However, she did not cry. She just covered her cheek tightly.
Ye Lang looked at the guard and smiled. "What's your name?"
The guard quickly bowed. "Subordinate Zhang Mu greets the Crown Prince."
Ye Lang nodded. "You're not bad. After I become the Crown Prince, I will need ten guards. You can be my guard from now on."
Hearing this, Zhang Mu was overjoyed. He quickly bowed deeply. "I will go through fire and water for the Crown Prince. I will do anything for you!"
Ye Lang nodded. "Drag him away. This person is disturbing the ancestral hall. Don't hold back. Understood?"
Zhang Mu glanced at Ye Lang. When he saw the murderous intent in Ye Lang's eyes, he understood.
He immediately grabbed Ye Ling's hair and dragged her out.
At this moment, Zhang Mu suddenly stopped as if he had seen something.
In the ancestral hall, everyone turned their heads to look outside.
Not far from the ancestral hall, a young man was walking towards the ancestral hall. The young man wore a tight-fitting robe. The robe was tattered and covered in blood.
The young man was Ye Xuan, who had rushed back from Nanshan!
Seeing Ye Xuan, Ye Lang's mouth curled into a cold smile.
In the ancestral hall, the Elders frowned.
The Great Elder narrowed his eyes. His face was dark and gloomy. No one knew what he was thinking.
From afar, when Ye Xuan saw Zhang Mu dragging Ye Ling, his face turned savage. "Who gave you the guts to touch my sister?"
When Zhang Mu saw Ye Xuan, his face changed. He looked at Ye Lang and was about to speak. At this time, Ye Xuan leaped in front of him like a ferocious tiger. Before the latter could react, Ye Xuan's fist landed on his face.
Peng!
Zhang Mu felt dizzy, and he stumbled and fell.
Ye Lang did not stop there. He charged at Zhang Mu again. At this time, Ye Lang suddenly roared, "Ye Xuan, he's my man. How dare you …"
Ye Xuan suddenly stepped on Zhang Mu's chest.
Pu!
Zhang Mu spat out a mouthful of blood.
Seeing this, Ye Lang's face turned ugly. Ye Xuan lifted his head to look at him, asking savagely, "Your man?"
As he spoke, he stomped on Zhang Mu's face.
Zhang Mu's face turned into a bloody mess, as he screamed, "Prince, save, save me …"
Ye Xuan ignored Zhang Mu, walking up to Ye Ling. Seeing Ye Ling's state, Ye Xuan felt as though his heart was being sliced apart. He clenched his fists, and his entire body trembled.
When Ye Ling saw Ye Xuan, her tears flowed, "Brother, it hurts, it hurts …"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan's expression turned savage. In the next instant, he charged in front of Zhang Mu and kicked Zhang Mu's head.
Peng!
Qingcheng, Ye Clan, Ancestral Hall.
"Ancestors, Ye Xuan has no talent, no virtue … From now on, Ye Xuan's position as Prince shall be replaced by Ye Lang."
The one who spoke was an old man in black robes.
Not far behind the old man, there was a youth with a faint smile on his face.
This person was Ye Lang.
On both sides, there were the Ye Clan Elders.
"Why!?"
At this time, a timid voice rang out in the Ancestral Hall.
Everyone turned to look and saw a little girl standing at the door. She was about 12 or 13 years old, and her hands were tightly gripping the hem of her skirt. Her face had a sickly pallor, and she looked a little weak. There was even a trace of fear in her eyes.
This girl was called Ye Ling, and she was Ye Xuan's younger sister. When she heard that the clan wanted to remove Ye Xuan, she disregarded her illness and rushed over.
The black-robed old man frowned, "Ye Ling, what are you doing!?"
The little girl called Ye Ling bowed to everyone in the Ancestral Hall, and asked timidly, "Great Elder, my brother, Ye Xuan, is the Prince. Why did you cripple him for no reason?"
The Great Elder looked at Ye Ling coldly, "This is a matter of the clan, what are you interrupting for?
Leave! "
Ye Ling was clearly a little fearful. She did not dare to look the Great Elder in the eye, but she did not leave. Instead, she mustered up her courage and walked into the ancestral hall. She bowed to the elders on both sides of the hall and said, "Elders, my brother is currently fighting with the Li family for the mining rights of the mine in Nanshan. He is now fighting for the family, and it is unknown whether he is alive or dead. However, the family has used a groundless excuse to remove his position as the Crown Prince.
"Impudent!"
The Great Elder suddenly raged, "Whether he's crippled or not, it's not up to a little girl like you to decide.
Men, drag her away! "
At this time, the new Prince, Ye Lang, suddenly laughed, "He should be flogged 30 times, as a warning to others!"
The Great Elder replied coldly, "Then flog him 30 times!"
Very quickly, two Ye Clan guards rushed in.
Ye Ling clenched her fists, and said angrily, "This is unfair! My brother has risked his life for the clan for so many years, and even now, he's fighting for the clan. The clan is unfair to him …"
One of the guards glanced at the new Prince, Ye Lang. He knew that this was his chance to shine.
The guard sneered, "Young Master Ye Lang inherits the Prince's position. What are you yelling about?" As he spoke, he raised his hand and slapped Ye Ling's face.
Slap!
A crisp slap sounded, and the right side of Ye Ling's face instantly swelled up. However, she did not cry, and only held her cheek tightly.
Ye Lang looked at the guard, and smiled, "What's your name?"
The guard quickly bowed, "This subordinate, Zhang Mu, greets the Prince."
Ye Lang nodded, "You're not bad. After I become the Prince, I'll need ten guards. From now on, you'll be my guard."
Hearing this, Zhang Mu was overjoyed, and quickly bowed deeply, "This subordinate is willing to go through fire and water for the Prince, even if it means death!"
Ye Lang nodded, "Drag him away. This person is causing trouble in the ancestral hall. Don't hold back, understand?"
Zhang Mu glanced at Ye Lang, and when he saw the murderous intent in Ye Lang's eyes, he understood.
He immediately grabbed Ye Ling's hair and dragged her out.
At this moment, Zhang Mu seemed to have seen something, and he suddenly stopped.
Inside the ancestral hall, everyone turned their heads to look outside the hall.
Not far from the ancestral hall, a young man was walking towards the ancestral hall. The young man was wearing a tight-fitting robe, and his robe was tattered, and there was blood everywhere.
The young man was Ye Xuan, who had rushed back from Nanshan!
Seeing Ye Xuan, Ye Lang's mouth curled into a cold smile.
In the ancestral hall, the Elders frowned.
The Great Elder narrowed his eyes, and his face was dark. No one knew what he was thinking.
From afar, when Ye Xuan saw Zhang Mu dragging Ye Ling, his face turned savage, "Who gave you the guts to touch my sister?"
When Zhang Mu saw Ye Xuan, his face changed. He quickly looked at Ye Lang, and was about to speak. At this moment, Ye Xuan leaped in front of him like a ferocious tiger. Before the latter could react, Ye Xuan's fist landed on his face.
Bang!
Zhang Mu's head spun, and he stumbled and fell.
Ye Lang did not stop there, and charged towards Zhang Mu again. At this time, Ye Lang suddenly roared, "Ye Xuan, he's my man, how dare you …"
Ye Xuan suddenly stepped on Zhang Mu's chest.
Pu!
Zhang Mu spat out a mouthful of blood.
Seeing this, Ye Lang's face turned ugly, while Ye Xuan lifted his head to look at him, asking savagely, "Your man?"
As he spoke, he stomped on Zhang Mu's face.
Zhang Mu's face turned into a bloody mess, as he screamed, "Prince, save, save me …"
Ye Xuan did not care about Zhang Mu, as he walked to Ye Ling's side. Seeing Ye Ling's state, Ye Xuan felt as though his heart was being sliced by a knife. He clenched his fists, and his entire body trembled.
When Ye Ling saw Ye Xuan, her tears flowed, "Brother, it hurts, it hurts …"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan's expression turned savage. In the next instant, he charged in front of Zhang Mu, and kicked Zhang Mu's head.
Peng!








Chapter 1482
Kill him!
There was complete silence.
Around them, some people secretly shook their heads.
Was there something wrong with Nanmu Chuan's brain?
Facing Ye Xuan, not only did he refuse to admit defeat, he even said such ruthless words. Did he really think that Ye Xuan was a good-tempered person?
Overturn the Fifth Dimension Academy?
How stupid would he have to be to say such words!
Ye Xuan shook his head. He turned to look at A Mu and smiled. "Let's go!"
A Mu nodded.
The two of them left.
On the way, A Mu said softly, "It's our fault. When we go back, I will strengthen the management of the various academies, especially the education on how to behave."
Ye Xuan shook his head. "It's my problem!"
A Mu looked at Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan smiled. "I seemed too easy to talk to at the beginning!
He felt that I was weak.
This world is like this. Some people have a good temper, but in the eyes of others, a good temper means that they are easy to bully. However, a good temper does not mean that they have no temper. "
As he said that, he shook his head. "There are many people!
They like to bully the weak and fear the strong. They like to bully the kind and honest because the kind and honest are easy to bully.
There are also some people who like to use moral coercion. Just look at Nanmu Chuan. He actually said that I am the headmaster and cannot kill him. Killing him would be breaking the law … It really amused me!
This is like a mother of a naughty child. Her child has made a mistake.
However, she does not educate her child. Instead, she educates you and questions you. He is still a child!
How can you be so calculative with a child? "
A Mu shook her head and smiled. "Your analogy …"
Ye Xuan smiled. "It's not particularly appropriate!
But you should understand what I mean! "
A Mu nodded. She seemed to have thought of something. She hesitated and then said, "But you are the headmaster. This matter should not be handled personally. I am afraid that someone will use it …"
Ye Xuan suddenly smiled. "Who dares?"
A Mu was silent.
In the Fifth Dimension, no one dared to stab Ye Xuan in the back.
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "A Mu, what do you think they came to the headquarters for?"
A Mu said, "Learn!"
Ye Xuan asked, "What else?"
A Mu was silent.
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "They are not only here to learn, but also to protect the Five-Dimensional Universe.
The Fifth Dimension. Was it Sister Nian's Fifth Dimension?
Is this my, Ye Xuan's, Five-Dimensional Universe?
No, the Fifth Dimension is everyone's Fifth Dimension. Anyone who lives in the Fifth Dimension has the obligation to protect our Fifth Dimension.
The Academy is not a safe place for them to enjoy. I, Ye Xuan, will not spend money to feed a bunch of conceited people. "
As he spoke, he looked at A Mu. "Remember, we're not doing charity.
For some people, if you help them once, they will shed tears of gratitude. But if you help them ten times, they will feel that it's only right. And if you don't help them anymore!
They might even see you as an enemy.
I'm telling you this because I realized that our Academy lacks a core purpose.
What is the purpose of entering the school?
There's nothing wrong with learning!
But what else?
I don't ask them to serve me, Ye Xuan, but they must serve this universe. Do you understand? "
A Mu nodded. "I understand!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "You can talk to Bai Dizi about this. He will handle it."
Ah Mu smiled and said, "Old Bai is very busy. Let me handle this matter!
I will come up with a plan first, then I will submit it to you. You can make the final decision! "
Ye Xuan nodded. "Okay!"
A Mu smiled. "Come back for noodles next time!"
Ye Xuan laughed. "Okay!"
After chatting for a while, they parted ways. Ye Xuan did not return to the Sword Hall directly. Instead, he went to the Boundless Dungeon.
Tendo Pawnshop!
When Ye Xuan came to the Tendo Pawnshop, the door was open.
There was a woman standing behind the counter inside the door!
It was Xiao Dao!
As if sensing something, Xiao Dao suddenly looked up. When she saw Ye Xuan, she was slightly stunned.
Ye Xuan walked into the pawnshop and smiled. "They told me that you've been living here?"
Xiao Dao nodded. "Yes."
Ye Xuan looked around and said softly, "I haven't been here for a long time!"
Xiao Dao looked at Ye Xuan. "You're very busy now!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "I'm a little busy!"
Xiao Dao said softly, "When will Nian Nian regain her memory?"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "I don't know!"
Xiao Dao was silent.
Ye Xuan was about to speak. At this moment, the space in front of him trembled slightly. Ye Xuan frowned.
Xiao Dao asked, "What's wrong?"
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Nian Nian is gone!"
Gone!
The Little Daoist was stunned for a moment before saying, "It disappeared?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "I'm going back!"
After saying that, he disappeared.
In the pawnshop, Xiao Dao was silent for a while before disappearing.
...
Sword Hall.
When Ye Xuan returned to the Sword Hall, Bai Dizi had been waiting there for a long time.
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "You said that Nian Nian is gone?"
Bai Dizi nodded. "Not long ago, she was wandering around the city, so I didn't pay much attention. But not long after, she disappeared!"
Ye Xuan was silent.
Bai Dizi said in a deep voice, "Has she regained her memory?"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "I don't know!"
Bai Dizi was silent.
Ye Xuan said softly, "Have you sent anyone to look for her?"
Bai Dizi nodded. "But there's no news at all. Also, we don't know how she disappeared!"
Ye Xuan was silent for a moment, then said softly, "There's no need to look for her!"
Bai Dizi looked at Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan smiled. "I believe that she will come back!"
With that, he looked at Bai Dizi. "As long as Sister Nian doesn't want anything to happen to her, she won't be in danger!"
Bai Dizi smiled. "That's true!"
Then, he looked at Ye Xuan. "Today is the first day of school. As the dean, you should go."
Ye Xuan shook his head. "I don't really want to go!"
Bai Dizi said, "Is it because of Nanmu Chuan?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "You know about it too?"
Bai Dizi said, "As the most outstanding Swordsman of the younger generation in the South, it's normal for him to be arrogant."
Ye Xuan smiled. "Do you think I did something wrong?"
Bai Dizi shook his head. "No!
Through this matter, I discovered a problem. Many people in the Fifth Dimension respect you, but they don't fear you. If I were the one who appeared, that guy definitely wouldn't have threatened you. On the contrary, he would have immediately admitted his mistake and begged for mercy! "
Ye Xuan smiled. "What's the problem?"
Bai Dizi looked at Ye Xuan. "The reason is that you're too young!
Youngsters generally don't respect other youngsters!
The students in the Academy know you're strong, but no one knows how strong you are!
Therefore, many people don't fear you. Since they don't fear you, they naturally dare to provoke you. After all, they're proud sons of heaven, and these kinds of people usually don't submit to people of the same age!
Therefore, it is necessary for you to attend the Start-of-Term Ceremony.
At the same time, I also hope that you can tell them that in this world, there are youngsters who are more outstanding than them. Let them know that there's always someone better than you! "
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Looks like I have to go!"
Bai Dizi nodded. "As the dean, you should go no matter what!
Moreover, you should also show your strength.
Let those guys know that you, the dean, aren't some kind of trash! "
Ye Xuan laughed. "Then let's go!"
Bai Dizi nodded and the two of them left.
With regards to Nian Nian, Ye Xuan wasn't really worried because he knew how terrifying Nian Nian was.
...
Fifth Dimensions Academy.
Dao City was unusually lively today because today was the day students from all over the universe would come to Dao City to enroll.
It was also the first time the Dao City's headquarters was recruiting students!
And this time, those who came could be said to be monsters among monsters, geniuses among geniuses.
It could be said that this time, all the monsters and geniuses of the Fifth Dimension would be gathered here, including some geniuses from ancient powers. For example, Nanyue Xiu and Nanyue Qi of the Nanyue Clan. Not only the Nanyue Clan, but there were also geniuses from the Gu Clan and Xuan City.
Fifth Dimensions Academy.
The Fifth Dimensions Academy was built on a large scale. There were more than sixty different learning halls. In addition, there were also formations arranged by the Xuanji Sect. There were all kinds of formations, more than a hundred of them.
As for the lineup of teachers, it was also very luxurious. Aro, An Lanxiu, and Li Shanshui of the Whirling Sect were all teachers of the academy. They were all super experts at the peak of the Fifth Dimension.
At the entrance of the academy, there were two huge statues.
One was of Nian Nian, and the other was of Ye Xuan.
Nian Nian was the Tendo of the Fifth Dimension, the soul of the entire Fifth Dimension, while Ye Xuan was the protector of the entire Fifth Dimension.
As the entrance of the Fifth Dimensions Academy opened, students entered the academy one after another.
Somewhere in the darkness, Bai Dizi smiled and said, "Dao Master, what do you think of these students?"
Ye Xuan looked at the students in the distance and said softly, "Very outstanding!"
Bai Dizi nodded, "This world doesn't lack monsters and geniuses. What it lacks is people who discover them!
This time, even I was shocked by the establishment of the academy!
It turns out that there are so many monsters and geniuses in our cosmos!
Originally, the academy only accepted thirty people every year, but I felt that it wasn't enough, so I expanded it to forty. "
Ye Xuan said softly, "These people are the future of the Fifth Dimension!"
Bai Dizi nodded.
The Fifth Dimension couldn't always be carried by Ye Xuan. His intuition told him that in the future, Ye Xuan would definitely go to a broader stage!
At this time, Ye Xuan suddenly said, "We need to let these guys have a sense of belonging to the Fifth Dimension."
Bai Dizi said with a smile, "That's natural!
Actually, everyone already has a sense of belonging to the Fifth Dimension. Let's not talk about other things, many people in my Dao Sect have already regarded themselves as members of the Fifth Dimension! "
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "That's a good thing!"
Bai Dizi looked at the students in the distance and said with a smile, "Some of the branch vice-deans told me to pay attention."
Pay attention to what? "Ye Xuan was curious.
Bai Dizi said with a smile, "There are many thorns in this batch of students!"
At this time, a man suddenly rushed in from the distance. He was tall and sturdy, and with every step he took, the ground would tremble violently. Not only the ground, but the space he ran through would also tremble.
Ye Xuan looked at this man, and there was some surprise in his eyes. "Not bad!"
Bai Dizi nodded. "This guy is called Man Zi. He is a body cultivator, and he is the strongest among the body cultivators. Moreover, his overall score has reached ten stars."
Ye Xuan was a little curious. "What's the highest score?"
Bai Dizi said, "Twelve stars. This time, among all the students, only one person has reached twelve stars, and among them, there are only six 11-star students."
Ye Xuan was about to speak, but at this time, Man Zi suddenly rushed in front of Ye Xuan's statue. He looked straight at Ye Xuan's statue and roared, "Man Zi of the Great Wilderness, I challenge Dean Ye!
I seek a hammer! "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
..








Chapter 1483
Begging for a hammer!
Ye Xuan's expression was a little strange.
Next to Ye Xuan, Bai Dizi smiled and said, "Look, they are not very convinced by you. However, you have to understand. After all, they are all geniuses. It is normal for them to have drive."
Ye Xuan nodded, "Of course!"
Bai Dizi looked at Man Zi in the distance, "Everyone is waiting for you to appear!"
Ye Xuan laughed, and the next moment, he appeared directly in front of Man Zi.
Seeing Ye Xuan, there was an uproar in the field.
Ye Xuan appeared!
The eyes of all the students around fell on Ye Xuan. There was respect, curiosity, excitement, and provocation …
Dean!
Although Ye Xuan was the Dean, Ye Xuan was the same age as them. In addition, Ye Xuan's strength was mostly legendary. For example, Ye Xuan had killed a Consolidation Realm expert and so on … Therefore, many people had always been skeptical about Ye Xuan's strength.
In other words, many people wanted to know how strong Ye Xuan was!
Seeing Ye Xuan, the barbarian chuckled. "You're the dean?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Yes!"
Man Zi glanced at Ye Xuan, "Do you dare to accept my challenge?"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "I dare!"
Man Zi grinned and said, "Let me tell you, my fist has no eyes. If I hurt you later, don't blame me, and don't make things difficult for me!"
Ye Xuan was directly amused by this guy!
It turned out that this guy was afraid that he would make things difficult for him!
Man Zi asked again, "Is there a problem?"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Don't worry, I will definitely not make things difficult for you."
Man Zi grinned, "Then I won't be polite!"
As his voice fell, he suddenly rushed forward. With this rush, the space in front of Ye Xuan directly turned into a groove!
His physical strength was too strong!
When he arrived in front of Ye Xuan, the barbarian directly threw a punch at Ye Xuan's head.
It was a simple punch!
However, this punch contained a powerful and overbearing force!
With a single punch, the space around Ye Xuan directly cracked!
Needless to say, Ye Xuan was still a little shocked. This punch was definitely not something an average Dao Accomplished Realm powerhouse could resist!
And how old was this barbarian?
To have such great power at such a young age, one had to say that it was very terrifying!
Without any hesitation, Ye Xuan punched out.
Boom!
Under everyone's gazes, the barbarian was sent flying out of the academy before crashing heavily onto the ground.
Bang!
The ground collapsed, and the barbarian's body trembled.
The surroundings fell silent!
One punch!
Many of the students present turned solemn.
Right at this moment, the barbarian slowly crawled up from the ground, and his entire body had cracked apart!
Ye Xuan walked over to him, and the barbarian hurriedly said, "No! No more!
I can't! "
Ye Xuan smiled, "I'm not going to hit you!"
As he spoke, he withdrew a medicinal pill and passed it to Man 'zi. "It's for healing!"
Man 'zi glanced at Ye Xuan, hesitated for a moment, and then took the medicinal pill and consumed it. As soon as the medicinal pill entered his body, a strand of pure energy swept out from within him, and it didn't take long for his injuries to heal at a visible speed.
Man 'zi was slightly shocked. "This …."
Ye Xuan smiled, "Your physical body isn't bad, and your strength isn't bad as well. However, there's still a lot of room for growth!"
Man 'zi hurriedly stood up and bowed respectfully.
Pine City, the Ye Clan's Ancestral Shrine.
"Ancestors, Ye Xuan is lacking in talent and virtue …. From this moment onward, Ye Xuan is removed from the position of Heir and will be succeeded by Ye Lang."
The one who spoke was an old man in a black robe.
Not far behind the old man stood a youth with a faint smile hanging on the corners of his mouth.
This person was Ye Lang.
And on both sides were the Ye Clan's Elders.
"Why!"
At this moment, a somewhat timid voice suddenly resounded in the Ancestral Shrine.
Everyone turned to look and saw a little girl standing at the door. She was about 12 or 13 years old, and her hands were tightly gripping the hem of her skirt. Her face had a sickly pallor, and she looked a little weak. There was even a trace of fear in her eyes.
The little girl was called Ye Ling, and she was Ye Xuan's younger sister. When she heard that the Clan wanted to remove Ye Xuan, she disregarded her illness and rushed over.
The black-robed old man frowned, "Ye Ling, what are you doing!"
The little girl called Ye Ling bowed to the people in the Ancestral Shrine, and said timidly, "Great Elder, my brother Ye Xuan is a Heir, why did you remove him for no reason?"
The Great Elder looked at Ye Ling coldly, "This is a Clan matter, why are you interrupting?
Leave! "
Ye Ling was obviously afraid, and did not dare to look directly at the Great Elder, but she did not leave. Instead, she summoned her courage and walked into the Ancestral Shrine. She bowed again to the Elders on both sides, "Dear Elders, my brother is fighting with the Li Clan over the mining rights at Nanshan. He is fighting for the Clan, and his life is uncertain. But the Clan is using a groundless excuse to remove him from the position of Heir. This is really unfair."
"Impudent!"
The Great Elder suddenly said angrily, "Whether he is removed or not, it is not up to a little girl like you to decide.
Men, drag her away for me. "
At this time, the new Heir Ye Lang suddenly laughed, "You should be flogged thirty times as a warning to others!"
The Great Elder coldly said, "Then flog thirty times!"
Soon, two guards of the Ye Clan rushed in.
Ye Ling clenched her fists, and said angrily, "This is unfair. My brother has risked his life for the Clan for so many years, and even now he is fighting for the Clan. The Clan is so unfair to him …"
One of the guards glanced at the new Heir Ye Lang, and he knew that his chance to shine had come.
The guard smiled coldly, "Young Master Ye Lang inherits the position of Heir, and it is everyone's wish. What are you yelling about?" As he spoke, he raised his hand and slapped Ye Ling's face.
Slap!
A crisp slap sounded, and the right side of Ye Ling's face instantly swelled up. But she did not cry, and only held her cheek tightly.
Ye Lang looked at the guard, and smiled, "What's your name?"
The guard hurriedly bowed, "Subordinate Zhang Mu greets the Heir."
Ye Lang nodded, "You're not bad. After I become the Heir, I will need ten guards. You will be my guard from now on."
Hearing this, Zhang Mu was overjoyed, and quickly bowed deeply, "This subordinate will go through fire and water for the Heir, and I will risk my life for him!"
Ye Lang nodded, "Drag him out. This person is disturbing the ancestral hall, don't show mercy, understand?"
Zhang Mu glanced at Ye Lang, and when he saw the murderous intent in Ye Lang's eyes, he understood.
He immediately grabbed Ye Ling's hair and dragged her out.
At this moment, Zhang Mu seemed to see something, and suddenly stopped.
In the ancestral hall, everyone turned their heads to look outside.
Not far from the ancestral hall, a young man was walking towards the ancestral hall. The young man was wearing a tight-fitting robe, and the robe was tattered, and there was blood everywhere.
The young man was Ye Xuan, who had rushed back from Nanshan!
Seeing Ye Xuan, Ye Lang's lips curled into a sinister smile.
Inside the ancestral hall, the Elders frowned.
The Great Elder narrowed his eyes, and his expression was frighteningly gloomy. No one knew what he was thinking.
From afar, when Ye Xuan saw Zhang Mu dragging Ye Ling, his expression turned savage, "Who gave you the guts to touch my sister?"
When Zhang Mu saw Ye Xuan, his expression changed. He quickly looked at Ye Lang, and was about to speak, when Ye Xuan suddenly leaped in front of him like a ferocious tiger. Before the latter could react, Ye Xuan's fist landed on his face.
Peng!
Zhang Mu felt a wave of dizziness, and he stumbled and fell.
However, Ye Ling did not stop there. He charged towards Zhang Mu again. At this time, Ye Lang suddenly roared, "Ye Xuan, he's my man, how dare you …"
Ye Xuan suddenly stepped on Zhang Mu's chest.
Pu!
Zhang Mu spat out a mouthful of blood.
Seeing this, Ye Lang's expression turned ugly. Ye Xuan looked up at him, and snarled, "Your man?"
As he spoke, he stepped on Zhang Mu's face.
Zhang Mu's face turned into a bloody mess, as he screamed, "Prince, save, save me …"
Ye Xuan did not care about Zhang Mu, as he walked to Ye Ling's side. Seeing Ye Ling's appearance, Ye Xuan felt as though his heart was being sliced by a knife. He clenched his fists, and his entire body trembled.
When Ye Ling saw Ye Xuan, her tears flowed out, "Brother, it hurts, it hurts …"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan's expression turned savage. In the next instant, he charged in front of Zhang Mu, and kicked Zhang Mu's head.
Peng!
Qingcheng, Ye Clan, Ancestral Hall.
"Ancestors, Ye Xuan has no talent, no virtue … From now on, Ye Xuan's position as Prince shall be replaced by Ye Lang."
The one who spoke was an old man in black robes.
Not far behind the old man, there was a youth with a faint smile on his face.
This person was Ye Lang.
On both sides, there were the Ye Clan Elders.
"Why!?"
At this time, a timid voice rang out in the ancestral hall.
Everyone turned to look and saw a little girl standing at the door. She was about 12 or 13 years old, and her hands were tightly gripping the hem of her skirt. Her face had a sickly pallor, and she looked a little weak. There was even a trace of fear in her eyes.
This girl was called Ye Ling, and she was Ye Xuan's younger sister. When she heard that the clan wanted to remove Ye Xuan, she disregarded her illness and rushed over.
The black-robed old man frowned, "Ye Ling, what are you doing!?"
The little girl called Ye Ling bowed to the people in the ancestral hall, and said timidly, "Great Elder, my brother Ye Xuan is a Prince, why did you discard him for no reason?"
The Great Elder looked at Ye Ling coldly, "This is a matter of the clan, why are you interrupting?
Leave! "
Ye Ling was obviously afraid, not daring to look at the Great Elder, but she did not leave. Instead, she plucked up her courage and walked into the ancestral hall. She bowed to the Elders on both sides, "Elders, my brother is fighting with the Li Clan over the mining rights at Nanshan. He is fighting for the clan, and we don't know if he's dead or alive. Yet, the clan is using a groundless excuse to discard his position. This is unfair."
"Impudent!"
The Great Elder suddenly raged, "Whether he discards his position or not, it's not up to a little girl like you to decide.
Men, drag her away. "
At this time, the new Prince, Ye Lang, suddenly laughed, "You should be flogged 30 times as a warning to others!"
The Great Elder replied coldly, "Then flog her 30 times!"
Soon, two guards of the Ye Clan rushed in.
Ye Ling clenched her fists and said angrily, "This is unfair. My brother has risked his life for the clan for so many years. Even now, he is risking his life for the clan. The clan is so unfair to him …"
One of the guards glanced at the new Prince, Ye Lang. He knew that this was his chance to shine.
The guard sneered, "Young Master Ye Lang inherits the position of Prince. What are you yelling about?" As he spoke, he raised his hand and slapped Ye Ling's face.
Slap!
A crisp slap sounded, and the right side of Ye Ling's face instantly swelled up. However, she did not cry. She only covered her cheek tightly.
Ye Lang looked at the guard and smiled, "What's your name?"
The guard hurriedly bowed. "Subordinate Zhang Mu greets the Crown Prince."
Ye Lang nodded, "You're not bad. After I become the Prince, I will need 10 guards. You can be my guard from now on."
Hearing this, Zhang Mu was overjoyed. He quickly bowed deeply, "This subordinate is willing to go through fire and water for the Prince!"
Ye Lang nodded, "Drag him away. This person is disturbing the ancestral hall. Don't hold back. Do you understand?"
Zhang Mu glanced at Ye Lang. When he saw the murderous intent in Ye Lang's eyes, he understood.
He immediately grabbed Ye Ling's hair and dragged her out.
At this moment, Zhang Mu suddenly stopped as if he had seen something.
Inside the ancestral hall, everyone turned their heads to look outside the hall.
Not far from the ancestral hall, a young man was walking towards the ancestral hall. The young man was wearing a tight-fitting robe. The robe was tattered and covered in blood.
The young man was Ye Xuan, who had rushed back from Nanshan!
Seeing Ye Xuan, Ye Lang's lips curled into a sinister smile.
Inside the ancestral hall, the Elders frowned.
The Great Elder narrowed his eyes, his face dark and gloomy. No one knew what he was thinking.
From afar, when Ye Xuan saw Zhang Mu dragging Ye Ling, his face turned savage. "Who gave you the guts to touch my sister?"
When Zhang Mu saw Ye Xuan, his face changed. He quickly looked at Ye Lang and was about to speak. At this time, Ye Xuan leaped in front of him like a ferocious tiger. Before the latter could react, Ye Xuan's fist landed on his face.
Peng!
Zhang Mu felt a wave of dizziness, and he stumbled and fell.
However, Ye Ling did not stop there. He charged at Zhang Mu again. At this time, Ye Lang suddenly roared, "Ye Xuan, he's my man! How dare you …"
Ye Xuan suddenly stepped on Zhang Mu's chest.
Pu!
Zhang Mu spat out a mouthful of blood.
Seeing this, Ye Lang's face turned ugly. Ye Xuan looked up at him and said, "Your man?"
As he spoke, he stepped on Zhang Mu's face.
Zhang Mu's face turned into a bloody mess, as he screamed, "Prince, save, save me …"
Ye Xuan did not care about Zhang Mu, as he walked up to Ye Ling. Seeing Ye Ling's state, Ye Xuan felt as though his heart was being sliced apart. He clenched his fists, and his entire body trembled.
When Ye Ling saw Ye Xuan, her tears flowed, "Brother, it hurts, it hurts …"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan's expression turned savage. In the next instant, he charged in front of Zhang Mu and kicked Zhang Mu's head.
Peng!








Chapter 1484
Who was that mysterious person just now?
Ye Xuan was puzzled.
As if he thought of something, Ye Xuan got up and left. After a while, he arrived at the Dao Gate.
He was looking for Third Miss!
Dao Gate.
As soon as Ye Xuan arrived, an old man appeared in front of him. The old man glanced at Ye Xuan and cupped his fists. "Young Master Ye!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "I'm looking for Third Miss. Please inform her!"
The old man smiled bitterly. "Young Master Ye came at a bad time. Third Miss has just left!"
Ye Xuan frowned. "Left?"
The old man nodded.
Ye Xuan asked, "Where did she go?"
The old man shook his head. "She didn't say!"
Ye Xuan fell silent.
The old man said, "Young Master Ye, do you want to go in and have a seat?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Thank you!
But there's no need!
I still have something to deal with. Goodbye! "
With that said, he turned and left.
After a moment of silence, the old man turned and left. It didn't take long for him to arrive in front of a large hall, within which sat a woman.
It was Third Miss!
The old man bowed slightly. "Third Master, Young Master Ye has left!"
Third Miss nodded slightly. "Got it!"
The old man was puzzled. "Third Master, why didn't you see Young Master Ye?"
Third Miss felt helpless. "Because I'm afraid of death!"
The old man was speechless.
Third Miss got up and walked to the entrance of the hall. She looked up at the sky and said softly, "I'm afraid that Young Master Ye is in big trouble!"
...
After Ye Xuan left the Taoist Gate, his face became more and more serious.
His intuition told him that Third Miss did not want to see him!
But why did she not want to see him?
It was simple!
His enemy made Third Miss fearful, extremely fearful!
Who was that enemy?
Could it be that aunt?
A moment later, Ye Xuan turned and left.
He arrived at Xuan City.
In a certain hall, Lan Ruo shook his head. "I didn't see them, so I don't know which faction they are from!"
After a moment of silence, Ye Xuan stood up and said with a smile, "Miss Lanruo, I'll take my leave first!"
Lan Ruo looked at Ye Xuan. "Young Master Ye, take care!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "You too."
As soon as he finished speaking, he turned around and transformed into a streak of sword light that vanished into the horizon.
Inside the hall, Lan Ruo looked at the horizon in silence.
Although Ye Xuan no longer had his archenemy, Dao Sect, she realized that Ye Xuan seemed to be in more danger!
There seemed to be an invisible hand secretly targeting Ye Xuan!
As for who it was, she didn't know either. However, she knew that it wasn't an ordinary mastermind!
After a short moment, Lan Ruo sighed softly, turned around, and left.
...
After leaving the Profound City, Ye Xuan came to a starry sky and slowly closed his eyes.
He was sure that he had a hidden enemy, and this enemy was very, very powerful!
The Sacred Land!
Ye Xuan suddenly opened his eyes. At this moment, he thought of the Sacred Land!
Dao Sect was no longer his enemy, so there was only one place left — the Sacred Land, a mysterious force that even Profound City couldn't infiltrate!
As he thought of this, Ye Xuan suddenly transformed into a streak of sword light and disappeared into the horizon.
Not long after, Ye Xuan arrived at the Sacred Land.
As soon as he entered the Sacred Land, the Sacred Leader of the Sacred Land appeared in front of Ye Xuan.
Seeing the Sacred Leader, Ye Xuan's face darkened.
He didn't come openly, he came sneakily. Of course, he didn't come openly.
Green City, Ye Clan, Ancestral Hall.
"Ancestors, Ye Xuan has no talent and no virtue … From this moment onwards, Ye Xuan's position as Crown Prince shall be removed and Ye Lang shall take over."
The one who spoke was an old man dressed in a black robe.
Not far behind the old man stood a young man with a faint smile on his face.
This person was Ye Lang.
On both sides were the Ye Clan's elders.
"Why?!"
At this moment, a timid voice suddenly rang out in the ancestral hall.
Everyone looked over and saw a little girl standing at the door. She was about 12 or 13 years old, and her two little hands were tightly gripping the hem of her skirt. Her face was sickly pale, and she looked a little weak. There was even a trace of timidity in her eyes.
This little girl was called Ye Ling, and she was Ye Xuan's younger sister. When she heard that the clan wanted to remove Ye Xuan, she rushed over despite her illness.
The black-robed old man frowned. "Ye Ling, what are you doing!"
The little girl called Ye Ling bowed slightly to the people in the ancestral hall and said timidly, "Great Elder, my brother, Ye Xuan, is the Crown Prince. Why did you cripple him for no reason?"
The Great Elder looked coldly at Ye Ling. "This is a family matter. Why are you interrupting?
Leave! "
Ye Ling was clearly a little fearful. She did not dare to look the Great Elder in the eye, but she did not leave. Instead, she mustered up her courage and walked into the ancestral hall. She bowed to the elders on both sides of the hall and said, "Elders, my brother is currently fighting with the Li family for the mining rights of the mine in Nanshan. He is now fighting for the family, and it is unknown whether he is alive or dead. However, the family has used a groundless excuse to remove his position as the Crown Prince. This is truly unfair.
"Impudent!"
The Great Elder suddenly raged, "Whether he's stripped or not, it's not up to a little girl like you to decide.
Men, drag her away. "
At this time, the new Crown Prince, Ye Lang, suddenly laughed, "You should be flogged 30 times as a warning to others!"
The Great Elder coldly replied, "Then do it 30 times!"
Very quickly, two Ye Clan's guards rushed in.
Ye Ling clenched her fists, and said angrily, "This is unfair. My brother has risked his life for the clan for so many years. Even now, he's fighting for the clan. The clan is unfair to him …"
One of the guards glanced at the new Crown Prince, Ye Lang. He knew that this was his chance to shine.
The guard sneered, "Young Master Ye Lang inherits the Crown Prince position. What are you yelling about?" As he spoke, he raised his hand and slapped Ye Ling's face.
Slap!
A crisp slap sounded, and the right side of Ye Ling's face instantly turned red and swollen. However, she did not cry, and only held her cheek tightly.
Ye Lang looked at the guard and smiled, "What's your name?"
The guard quickly bowed, "Subordinate Zhang Mu greets the Crown Prince."
Ye Lang nodded, "You're not bad. After I become the Crown Prince, I'll need ten guards. From now on, you'll be my guard."
Hearing this, Zhang Mu was overjoyed, and quickly bowed deeply, "I'll go through fire and water for the Crown Prince, and I'll risk my life for you!"
Ye Lang nodded, "Drag him away. This person is causing trouble in the Ancestral Hall, do not hold back. Understood?"
Zhang Mu glanced at Ye Lang, and when he saw the killing intent in Ye Lang's eyes, he understood.
He immediately grabbed Ye Ling's hair and dragged her out.
At this time, Zhang Mu seemed to have seen something, and he suddenly stopped.
Within the Ancestral Hall, everyone turned their heads to look outside.
Not far from the Ancestral Hall, a young man was walking towards the Ancestral Hall. He was wearing a tight-fitting robe that was tattered and covered in blood.
This person was Ye Xuan, who had rushed back from the Nanshan!
Seeing Ye Xuan, Ye Lang's lips curled into a cold smile.
Inside the Ancestral Hall, all the Elders frowned.
The Great Elder narrowed his eyes, and his face was dark. No one knew what he was thinking.
From afar, when Ye Xuan saw Zhang Mu dragging Ye Ling, his face turned savage, "Who gave you the guts to touch my sister?"
When Zhang Mu saw Ye Xuan, his face changed. He quickly looked at Ye Lang and was about to speak. At this time, Ye Xuan was like a ferocious tiger leaping in front of him. Before the latter could react, Ye Xuan's fist landed on his face.
Peng!
Zhang Mu felt a wave of dizziness, and he stumbled and fell.
Ye Lang did not stop there, and charged towards Zhang Mu again. At this time, Ye Lang suddenly roared, "Ye Xuan, he's my man, how dare you …"
Ye Xuan suddenly stepped on Zhang Mu's chest.
Pu!
Zhang Mu spat out a mouthful of blood.
Seeing this, Ye Lang's face turned ugly, while Ye Xuan lifted his head to look at him, asking savagely, "Your man?"
As he spoke, he stomped down on Zhang Mu's face.
Zhang Mu's face turned into a bloody mess, as he screamed, "Prince, save, save me …"
Ye Xuan did not care about Zhang Mu, as he walked to Ye Ling's side. Seeing Ye Ling's state, Ye Xuan felt as though his heart was being sliced by a knife. He clenched his fists, and his entire body trembled.
When Ye Ling saw Ye Xuan, her tears flowed, "Brother, it hurts, it hurts …"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan's expression turned savage. In the next instant, he charged in front of Zhang Mu and kicked Zhang Mu's head.
Peng!
Qingcheng, Ye Clan, Ancestral Hall.
"Ancestors, Ye Xuan has no talent, no virtue … From now on, Ye Xuan's position as Prince shall be replaced by Ye Lang."
The one who spoke was an old man in black robes.
Not far behind the old man, there was a youth with a faint smile on his face.
This person was Ye Lang.
On both sides, there were the Ye Clan Elders.
"Why!?"
Right at this moment, a slightly timid voice suddenly resounded within the ancestral hall.
Everyone turned to look and saw a little girl standing at the door. She was about 12 or 13 years old, and her hands were tightly gripping the hem of her skirt. Her face had a sickly pallor, and she looked a little weak. There was even a trace of fear in her eyes.
This girl was called Ye Ling, and she was Ye Xuan's younger sister. When she heard that the clan wanted to remove Ye Xuan, she disregarded her illness and rushed over.
The black-robed old man frowned, "Ye Ling, what are you doing!?"
The girl called Ye Ling bowed to everyone in the hall, as she asked timidly, "Great Elder, my brother, Ye Xuan, is the Prince. Why did you cripple him for no reason?"
The Great Elder looked at Ye Ling coldly, "This is a matter of the clan, what are you interrupting for?
Leave! "
Ye Ling was clearly a little fearful. She did not dare to look the Great Elder in the eye, but she did not leave. Instead, she mustered up her courage and walked into the ancestral hall. She bowed to the elders on both sides of the hall and said, "Elders, my brother is currently fighting with the Li family for the mining rights of the mine in Nanshan. He is now fighting for the family, and it is unknown whether he is alive or dead. However, the family has used a groundless excuse to remove his position as the Crown Prince.
"Impudent!"
The Great Elder suddenly raged, "Whether or not he is crippled, it is not up to a little girl like you to decide.
Men, drag her away! "
At this time, the new Prince, Ye Lang, suddenly laughed, "You should be flogged 30 times as a warning to others!"
The Great Elder replied coldly, "Then do it 30 times!"
Very quickly, two Ye Clan guards rushed in.
Ye Ling clenched her fists, and said angrily, "This is unfair! My brother has risked his life for the clan for so many years, and even now, he is fighting for the clan. The clan is unfair to him …"
One of the guards glanced at the new Prince, Ye Lang. He knew that this was his chance to shine.
The guard sneered, "Young Master Ye Lang inherits the position of Prince. What are you yelling about?" As he spoke, he raised his hand and slapped Ye Ling's face.
Slap!
A crisp slap sounded, and the right side of Ye Ling's face instantly turned red and swollen. However, she did not cry, and only held her cheek tightly.
Ye Long sized up the guard and asked with a smile, "What's your name?"
The guard hurriedly bowed, "Subordinate Zhang Mu greets the Prince."
Ye Lang nodded, "You are very good. After I become the Prince, I will need ten guards. From now on, you will be my guard."
Hearing this, Zhang Mu was overjoyed, and hurriedly bowed deeply, "Subordinate will go through fire and water for the Prince, and I will risk my life for you!"
Ye Lang nodded slightly, "Drag him away. This person is disturbing the ancestral hall. Do not show mercy, understood?"
Zhang Mu glanced at Ye Lang, and when he saw the murderous intent in Ye Lang's eyes, he understood.
He immediately grabbed Ye Ling's hair and dragged her out.
At this moment, Zhang Mu seemed to have seen something, and suddenly stopped.
In the ancestral hall, everyone turned their heads to look outside.
Not far from the ancestral hall, a young man was walking towards the ancestral hall. The young man was wearing a tight-fitting robe, and the robe was tattered, and there was blood everywhere.
The young man was Ye Xuan, who had rushed back from Nanshan!
Seeing Ye Xuan, Ye Lang's mouth curled into a cold smile.
In the ancestral hall, the Elders frowned.
The Great Elder narrowed his eyes, and his expression was frighteningly gloomy. No one knew what he was thinking.
From afar, when Ye Xuan saw Zhang Mu dragging Ye Ling, his expression turned savage, "Who gave you the guts to touch my sister?"
When Zhang Mu saw Ye Xuan, his expression changed. He hurriedly looked at Ye Lang, and was about to speak, when Ye Xuan suddenly leaped in front of him like a ferocious tiger. Before the latter could react, Ye Xuan's fist landed on his face.
Peng!
Zhang Mu felt a wave of dizziness, and he stumbled and fell.
Ye Lang did not stop there, and he rushed towards Zhang Mu again. At this time, Ye Lang suddenly roared, "Ye Xuan, he's my man, how dare you …"
Ye Xuan suddenly stepped on Zhang Mu's chest.
Pu!
Zhang Mu spat out a mouthful of blood.
Seeing this, Ye Lang's expression turned ugly, while Ye Xuan lifted his head to look at him, asking savagely, "Your man?"
As he spoke, he stepped on Zhang Mu's face.
Zhang Mu's entire face turned into a bloody mess, as he screamed, "Prince, save, save me …"
Ye Xuan did not care about Zhang Mu, who was crying for help, as he walked to Ye Ling's side. Seeing Ye Ling's state, Ye Xuan felt as though his heart was being sliced by a knife. He clenched his fists, and his entire body trembled.
When Ye Ling saw Ye Xuan, her tears flowed, "Brother, it hurts, it hurts …"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan's expression turned savage. In the next instant, he charged in front of Zhang Mu and kicked Zhang Mu's head.
Peng!








Chapter 1485
He ran away!
The Sacred Lord's expression was somewhat unsightly. He had thought that Ye Xuan would go down and fight!
He did not expect Ye Xuan to turn around and run.
A moment later, the Sacred Lord turned and left. He came to the bamboo house.
The Sacred Lord bowed slightly to the bamboo house. "Master, Ye Xuan's growth is too fast."
Inside the bamboo house, the woman put down the teacup and picked up an ancient book. She opened it and smiled. "There's nothing bad about it!"
Nothing bad about it?
The Sacred Lord was somewhat dumbfounded.
The woman chuckled. "He will become even stronger!"
The Sacred Lord hesitated and said, "Master, aren't you worried?"
The woman turned and looked outside the bamboo house. She smiled. "I told you!
Whether he lives or not doesn't depend on him. Whether I die or not also doesn't depend on him!
At least for the next 30 years! "
The Sacred Lord was silent.
The woman put down the ancient book and walked out of the bamboo house. The Sacred Lord hurriedly bowed.
The woman stretched and smiled. "Miss Nian Nian, I haven't seen her for a long time!
She must have gone to find help!
Who would she call?
Let me think … Miss An has been following him. She probably won't come!
Nether Hall?
They are quite troublesome now. They probably won't come either.
Then who else could it be?
Tu?
Situ Tingyun?
Probably not either!
Both of them have been targeted by the Calamity Cause … Tianxiu?
Probably not. After all, her main body isn't here … Oh, the three-dimensional universe … Princess … should be her!
After all, she's the only one who can fight! "
Saying this, she seemed to have thought of something. The smile on her face gradually disappeared. "Don't tell me she called that Miss Ding?
If that's the case, then it'll be troublesome! "
At the side, the Sacred Lord bowed. He was puzzled. Why didn't he know any of the people his master mentioned?
At this moment, the woman suddenly smiled and said, "I'll go out and see if I can make more enemies for him. I'll also look for the Great Dao Spirit … During this period of time, don't provoke Lord Ye. It won't be long before someone comes to deal with him."
After saying this, she walked into the distance. Soon, she completely disappeared into the horizon.
...
Ye Xuan returned to the Fifth Dimension.
In the hall, Ye Xuan sat on the ground with his legs crossed. At this moment, his expression was extremely solemn.
Back in the sacred ground, when that divine sense locked onto him, he knew that he was no match for the owner of that divine sense!
Who was this person?
There was no answer!
Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes. At this moment, he felt a little uneasy.
The enemy of the Holy Land was different from the Dao Sect because he could not figure out their intentions.
For the Dao scripture?
However, the Dao Scripture was no longer in his hands, and the Spirit of the Great Dao had already escaped. The other party had no reason to look for him!
But if it wasn't for the Taoist scripture, then what was it for?
Ye Xuan couldn't figure it out!
At this moment, a little girl walked in!
Ye Xuan was stunned when he saw the little girl. The person who had come was none other than Nian Nian.
Nian Nian held a stick of tanghulu in her right hand and a struggling small fish in her left.
Nian Nian walked in front of Ye Xuan and giggled. "Grilled fish!"
Ye Xuan looked at Nian Nian. "Nian Nian, where did you go before this?"
Nian Nian blinked. "I've been playing outside all this time!"
Ye Xuan frowned slightly. "Playing outside?"
Nian Nian nodded. "Yes!"
Ye Xuan fell silent.
Nian Nian didn't seem to be lying.
Nian Nian suddenly asked softly, "What's wrong?"
Ye Xuan retracted his thoughts and shook his head. He smiled and said, "It's nothing. I'll grill fish for you!"
Nian Nian grinned. "Okay!"
...
Somewhere in the starry sky, a woman was walking slowly.
This person was none other than Ye Ling!
Ye Ling looked into the depths of the starry sky in the distance. "We're almost there!"
As soon as she said that, her speed suddenly increased.
Soon, Ye Ling arrived at a small village. This village was a little strange because it was in the starry sky.
Ye Ling walked into the village.
The village was very deserted. The surrounding light was dim, and it looked a little like a ghost village.
At that moment, an old man walked out. When he saw Ye Ling, the old man frowned slightly. "You are?"
Ye Ling opened her palm, and a faint light flickered in her palm.
Seeing this, the old man was slightly taken aback. The next moment, he knelt down and said in a trembling voice, "Clan … Clan Leader …"
Ye Ling nodded. "Did he store my body here?"
The old man hurriedly nodded. "Yes!"
After a long silence, Ye Ling said, "Take me there!"
The old man hurriedly stood up and said in a trembling voice, "Clan Leader, follow me!"
With that, he turned and left.
At that moment, the old man's face was already covered in tears. He was happy.
They had waited for countless years, and the clan leader had finally arrived …
Ye Ling followed the old man.
On the way, Ye Ling suddenly asked, "How many clansmen are left?"
The old man shook his head. "Not many!
If it weren't for Young Master Yang's care back then, I'm afraid … "
Ye Ling was silent.
The Void Spirit Clan had become history!
Soon, the two disappeared into the distance.
...
Ultimate Martial Realm.
Wu Li sat cross-legged on a mountain peak. He formed a seal with his hands and exuded a powerful aura. This aura was getting stronger and stronger, and it was no longer the aura that a Godly State expert should have!
....
Northern Wilderness.
In the deepest part of Northern Wilderness, there was a huge stone tablet that was over a hundred feet tall. The stone tablet stood in a deep pit.
A few hundred feet away, a middle-aged man was walking toward the stone tablet. When he was about a hundred feet away from the stone tablet, he suddenly knelt down, put his palms together, and bowed to the stone tablet. He was even chanting something piously.
After a while, the middle-aged man stood up and continued walking toward the stone tablet. After about ten steps, he knelt down again …
Just like that, the middle-aged man slowly approached the stone tablet, kneeling and bowing every ten steps.
After a long time, the middle-aged man came before the stone tablet. He knelt down in front of the stone tablet, put his palms together, and said in a trembling voice, "Exalted Goddess, Ye Xuan has gone too far. Not only did he absorb the souls of our clansmen, but he also took away all our treasures. Please help us, Exalted Goddess."
The stone tablet did not respond.
The middle-aged man bowed again. Just as he was about to speak, a woman suddenly appeared behind him.
The middle-aged man turned around. When he saw the woman, his expression changed drastically. "You …"
This woman was the mysterious woman who had robbed Northern Wilderness!
The woman smiled. "You don't seem to want to see me!"
The middle-aged man quickly retreated behind the stone tablet. He stared at the mysterious woman. "What are you trying to do!"
The mysterious woman blinked. "He said that he's afraid that you'll take revenge, so he wants me to kill all of you!"
The middle-aged man roared. "You've gone too far!"
The mysterious woman waved her right hand.
Boom!
The middle-aged man was sent flying a few hundred feet away. However, he did not die. It was obvious that the woman had shown mercy.
After sending the middle-aged man flying, the mysterious woman looked at the stone tablet and slammed her fist forward!
The middle-aged man's eyes almost popped out of their sockets at the sight of this. "No!"
The stone tablet was their faith, their supreme faith. It was the most sacred existence of their era.
When the mysterious woman's power blasted against the stone tablet, it shook violently. However, it did not shatter. Moreover, the mysterious woman's powerful force had vanished without a trace.
A trace of surprise flashed through the mysterious woman's eyes. "Not bad!"
At this moment, an extremely powerful aura suddenly appeared from the stone tablet. The mysterious woman blinked and said, "Farewell!"
With that, she turned around and disappeared. As she left, she took away many more treasures …
The middle-aged man was speechless.
The stone tablet gradually trembled. After a long time, an ancient voice sounded out from within it. "You've gone too far!"
The middle-aged man hurriedly nodded. This woman isn't just an ordinary kind of bully. She comes here every few days to bully others!
She's not human!
At this moment, a voice suddenly sounded out from within the stone tablet. "Ge Yao, awaken the clansmen."
With that, a black token suddenly floated out from the stone tablet.
The middle-aged man called Ge Yao instantly became excited at the sight of the black token. He hurriedly caught the black token. "As you command, Exalted God."
With that, he turned around and left.
Before long, countless powerful auras shot into the sky throughout the entire Northern Wilderness … and the seals left behind by the Dao Ancestor were directly destroyed by a mysterious force.
...
Taoism.
The Third Young Lady, who was sitting cross-legged in the main hall, suddenly opened her eyes. After a long time, she slowly closed her eyes. "This crazy woman …"
....
In a small bar in the Divine City, the shopkeeper behind the counter suddenly looked in the direction of the Northern Wilderness. In the next moment, he turned around and came to a small courtyard. He bowed slightly towards the room in front of him. "Master, there's something strange in the Northern Wilderness!"
After a long time, a voice sounded out from the room. "I know!"
The shopkeeper hesitated for a moment and then said, "Do you want me to go investigate?"
In the bar, the voice said, "No need!
This isn't something you can interfere with. "
The shopkeeper bowed slightly and then left.
....
Soon, many powerful auras rushed out of the Northern Desolate Land. These mysterious experts were all above the Immortal Realm. After they left the Northern Desolate Land, they went straight to the Fifth Dimension …
...
Orc World.
In the starry sky, a middle-aged man stood quietly. His hands were behind his back and his eyes were closed.
This person was the Beast King of the Beastmen Tribe!
At this moment, a Beastman suddenly appeared in front of the Beast King. The Beastman bowed slightly to the Beast King, "King, there's a strange movement in the Northern Wilderness. They seem to want to make a move on that human Young Master Ye."
The Beast King frowned. "Has the Northern Wilderness gone mad?"
The beastman shook his head. "I don't know. I only know that the Northern Wilderness is furious!
They are all super experts above the God Realm! "
Above the Divine Realm!
The Beast King was silent, his face somewhat gloomy.
The Orc said in a deep voice, "I'm afraid that Young Master Ye is no match for this Northern Wilderness …"
After a moment of silence, the Beast King sighed in a low voice. "Call people to the Fifth Dimension!"
The orc was stunned. "King, are we going to be enemies with the Northern Wilderness?
That is … "
The Beast King's face was somewhat ugly. "Do you think I want to interfere?
Didn't you hear what that woman said?
Her brother is dead!
She wants us to be buried with him!
Buried with him!
Damn, she really doesn't listen to reason at all!
Based on what!
Based on what!
I refuse to accept this! "
The Beast King: "…"
The Beast King waved his hand. "Go and call people!"
The orc nodded and was about to leave. At this moment, a voice suddenly sounded from the side. "Call people?
There's no need to call! "
The Beast King turned his head and looked. Not far away, a woman was slowly walking over.
It was the mysterious woman from the Holy Land!
The mysterious woman looked at the Beast King and smiled. "From now on, the Beastmen are not allowed to take half a step out of the Beast World!"
The Beast King narrowed his eyes. "Who do you think you are?"
After saying that, he punched out.
The mysterious woman flicked her sleeves.
Boom!
The Beast King retreated tens of thousands of feet away. Not only that, the entire starry sky became illusory. The Beast King's right arm that punched out was shattered by a powerful force!
The Beast King was somewhat dumbfounded.
The mysterious woman looked at the Beast King and smiled. "If the Beastmen dare to take a step out of the Beast World, I will destroy your Beastmen Race!"
The Beast King stared at the mysterious woman. He was extremely shocked. "Who are you?"
The mysterious woman blinked. "I am Ye Xuan's aunt!
This is our family matter. Outsiders should not interfere, understand? "
The Beast King: "…"
....
PS: The update is late.
Two more chapters!
If the update is late in the future, the update will be doubled.








Chapter 1486
Aunty!
The Beast King stared at the mysterious woman. "We are going to help your nephew!"
The mysterious woman smiled. "No need."
The Beast King said after a moment of silence: "You want him dead!"
A trace of surprise flashed in the mysterious woman's eyes. "How did you know?"
The Beast King looked at the mysterious woman. "Northern Wilderness is your doing!"
The mysterious woman laughed. "As expected of the Beast King. Very smart. Everything you say is right."
The Beast King said in a deep voice: "Your Excellency, do you know that he has a sister?"
The mysterious woman nodded. "I do!
The invincible Tian Ming! "
The Beast King looked at the mysterious woman with a serious expression. "Since you know, why do you still want to kill him?"
The mysterious woman smiled. "That's my business!
As for you Beastmen … Just stay in your Beastman Realm and don't come out.
I have no enmity with you and I don't want to destroy you. Do you understand? "
The Beast King was silent.
The mysterious woman looked at the Beast King and smiled. "I'm not joking with you. And I won't give you a second chance!"
Then she turned and left.
The Beast King was silent.
Not far away, the Beastman said: "King …"
The Beast King slowly closed his eyes. "I can't afford to offend my sister, and I can't afford to offend this Aunty either … Let them play by themselves!
I can't beat anyone!
I'm scared!
I'm scared! "
Then he turned and left.
...
After the mysterious woman left, she did not return to the Sacred Region. Instead, she went to the Divine City.
When she entered the tavern, the waiter and the shopkeeper's face suddenly became serious.
The shopkeeper walked in front of the mysterious woman and bowed. "Your Excellency is?"
The mysterious woman smiled. "A pot of Spring Sword."
The shopkeeper looked at the mysterious woman. "Please wait!"
Soon, the shopkeeper brought out a pot of Spring Sword.
The mysterious woman opened the bottle and gently sniffed. "Not bad."
Suddenly, a voice came from the Inner Courtyard. "What's the matter?"
The mysterious woman picked up a peanut and put it in her mouth. "I don't want to kill you. After all, we are old acquaintances."
The Inner Courtyard was silent.
The mysterious woman said again: "This is our family's private matter. Outsiders should stay out of it!
Okay? "
The Inner Courtyard was still silent.
The mysterious woman smiled and said, "I want you to give me an answer. Otherwise, I won't be polite!"
In the Inner Courtyard, a sigh sounded. "Why did you have to do this?"
The mysterious woman chuckled, "You know the reason!"
In the inner courtyard, the voice said, "After all, he is your nephew."
The mysterious woman narrowed her eyes.
Boom!
The entire tavern turned into nothingness in an instant!
The shopkeeper and the waiter's expressions changed drastically. Their eyes were filled with terror. At this moment, both of them could smell the scent of death.
The mysterious woman poured herself a cup of wine and drank it in one gulp. "Why is he still alive?"
As she spoke, she turned around to look at a small house. Even though she was smiling, it was slightly bone piercingly gloomy, and it caused others to shiver. "On what basis?"
Inside the hut, the man was silent.
The mysterious woman smiled and stood up. "For the sake of an old friend, I don't want to kill you. After all, this matter has nothing to do with you. However, I don't want you seniors to help him.
If you dare to interfere, don't blame me for being ruthless. "
Then, she stood up and left.
At this moment, the man in the hut suddenly said, "Have you ever considered his feelings?"
The mysterious woman stopped. After a moment of silence, she said, "I don't hate him. He tried his best back then. However, I still want to seek justice."
The man in the hut sighed again. "Have you ever thought about that woman?
He will be considerate and won't hurt you. However, that woman …
(To continue this chapter, please continue to the next page.)
If you do this, you will anger that woman. Once she returns, many people will die. Do you understand? "
The mysterious woman smiled and said, "So what?
Anyway, I've already prepared myself to die.
I'm not even afraid of death, so why would I be afraid of her? "
The man in the hut sighed again. "Is there really no way to resolve this matter?"
The mysterious woman smiled and walked into the distance. "Either he dies, or I die."
Soon, the mysterious woman disappeared into the distance.
At this moment, the shopkeeper came before the hut and bowed respectfully. "Master … This man …"
The man in the hut sighed softly and said no more.
....
Taoism.
After the mysterious woman left, she went directly to Taoism.
Inside the hall, the third lady sat cross-legged in front of the statue of the Taoism's ancestor.
The mysterious woman looked at the statue of the Taoism's ancestor and said with a smile, "Your master is a very amazing person!"
The third lady opened her eyes and said with a smile, "Thank you!"
The mysterious woman looked at the third lady. "You are also a smart person!"
The third lady said, "Boss, I won't interfere in the matters of the Fifth Dimension!
I don't have the ability to interfere! "
The mysterious woman smiled and said, "I'm not here to cause trouble for you!
I'm here to ask you something. "
The third lady nodded. "Boss, please speak."
The mysterious woman said, "Do you know where the Spirit of the Great Dao is?"
The Spirit of the Great Dao!
After a moment of silence, the third lady said, "To tell you the truth, I'm also looking for the Spirit of the Great Dao!"
The mysterious woman smiled and said, "You don't know either?"
The third lady nodded. "When Young Master Ye combined the nine scriptures into one, the Spirit of the Great Dao did appear!
However, for some reason, she escaped!
Logically speaking, this shouldn't be the case! "
The mysterious woman looked at the third lady. "Why do you think she escaped?"
The third lady shook her head. "I really don't know."
The mysterious woman smiled and said, "Make a guess!"
After a moment of silence, the third lady said softly, "She should have sensed the calamity on Young Master Ye, or perhaps she sensed your existence!"
The mysterious woman blinked. "Am I that scary?"
The Third Young Miss hesitated for a moment, and then she said, "Sir, you don't seem like an extremely evil person. Moreover, with your strength, you don't need the Daoist Scriptures at all, so why do you still target Ye Xuan?
Is it a personal grudge? "
The mysterious woman smiled and said, "It is indeed a personal grudge!"
The third lady nodded. "I understand."
The mysterious woman glanced at the statue of the Taoism's ancestor and said with a smile, "I'm leaving!"
With that, she turned around and left.
The third lady said, "Boss, take care!"
The mysterious woman smiled and said, "I'm not the boss. The woman in the plain dress is the real boss."
The third lady said softly, "I can't defeat them. They are all bosses!"
The mysterious woman laughed and said, "Miss, your future is limitless!"
After saying that, she disappeared.
In the hall, the third lady looked at the statue of the Taoism's ancestor and said softly, "Master … Disciple finally understands what you said. There is always someone better than you!"
....
In the Five-Dimensional Universe.
In the hall, Nian Nian was leaning on Ye Xuan's thigh and was sleeping soundly.
In front of the two of them, there were fish bones on the ground.
Ye Xuan looked at the sky outside the hall and pondered.
During this time, he had been thinking about a question. Was the mysterious expert in the Holy Land the woman who claimed to be his aunt?
If it was, it didn't make sense!
The reason why his bloodline could be awakened was because of the other party's help!
Since the other party wanted him dead, why did she help him improve his bloodline?
Ye Xuan was a little puzzled.
(This chapter is not over, please turn the page)
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly raised his head. The next moment, he gently placed Nian Nian on the ground and disappeared from the hall.
The moment Ye Xuan disappeared, Nian Nian suddenly opened her eyes …
...
In the Five-Dimensional Universe, Ye Xuan looked at the group of people in front of him, "Who are you!"
In front of him stood more than 30 people. These people's auras were extremely powerful and had already surpassed the God Realm!
The middle-aged man in the lead was Ge Yao!
Ge Yao stared at Ye Xuan, "Where is that woman?"
Ye Xuan frowned slightly, "Woman?
What woman? "
Ge Yao stared at Ye Xuan and slowly clenched his fists, "Your name is Ye Xuan, right?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Yes!
Speaking of which, is there some misunderstanding? "
"Misunderstanding!"
Ge Yao's face became a little sinister, "Misunderstanding?
You're telling me it's a misunderstanding? "
As his voice fell, he suddenly blasted out a punch.
In the distance, Ye Xuan frowned slightly and raised his sword.
Boom!
The space in front of the two of them exploded. Then, Ye Xuan retreated hundreds of feet!
As for Ge Yao, he also retreated hundreds of feet!
Ge Yao stared at Ye Xuan, "I'll ask you one last time, where is that woman?"
Ye Xuan stood with his sword in hand, "Sir, I think there must be some misunderstanding between us. I think you don't want to be used by others, right?"
Ge Yao sneered, "Misunderstanding?
Ye Xuan, you actually have the nerve to say it's a misunderstanding!
You absorbed the souls of my clansmen, and then you tell me it's a misunderstanding? "
Souls!
Ye Xuan was stunned. In the next moment, his face turned ugly!
At this moment, he was sure that the mysterious enemy was his so-called aunt!
That woman was digging a hole for him!
Damn it!
This hole was too deep!
At this moment, Ge Yao sneered, "Tell me, is this a misunderstanding?"
Ye Xuan thought for a moment, then said, "I want to say that these souls were forcefully absorbed by a woman. Do you believe me?"
"Ye Xuan!"
Ge Yao suddenly said fiercely, "Do you think I'm a three year old child?
Forcefully absorbed by you?
What is she to you?
Is she your mother? "
Ye Xuan was slightly helpless, "I really didn't lie to you this time. She really did force me to absorb them!"
Ge Yao stared fixedly at Ye Xuan as if he wanted to kill Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan was slightly speechless. Why doesn't anyone believe me when I tell the truth?
Dammit!
That woman!
At this moment, Ye Xuan felt that he was in a terrible state!
But he didn't understand why that woman would do that!
Meanwhile, Ge Yao suddenly said, "Let that woman come out!"
Ye Xuan gazed at Ge Yao, "I don't know where she is!
Really! "
Ge Yao's face was expressionless, "It's fine. I don't believe that she won't come out once I catch you!"
As he spoke, he charged directly at Ye Xuan.
Behind him, the super experts also rushed over!
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly held his sword horizontally to his neck. Seeing this, Ge Yao suddenly stopped and looked at Ye Xuan, "What are you doing?"
Ye Xuan looked at Ge Yao and sneered, "You want to use me to threaten my aunt? No way!
If you dare take another step forward, I'll kill myself. Let me tell you, once I die, my aunt will go crazy and take revenge on you. She will hide in the dark and take revenge on you. Let me ask you, are you afraid? "
Ge Yao narrowed his eyes, "I don't believe that you really dare to kill yourself!"
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly held his sword and stabbed it into his abdomen.
Pfft!
Ye Xuan immediately spat out a mouthful of blood.
Seeing this, Ge Yao was dumbfounded. Dammit, are all modern people so crazy?
Suicide just because you say so?
....
(End of this chapter)








Chapter 1487
Needless to say, Ge Yao was quite stunned right now!
He really hadn't intended to kill Ye Xuan, and he'd mainly intended to capture Ye Xuan so that the mysterious woman wouldn't act against him. However, he'd never imagined that Ye Xuan would be so staunch and take his own life just like that!
That's too ruthless!
Meanwhile, Ye Xuan suddenly spoke in a hoarse voice, "So long as I die, then my Aunt will definitely stop at nothing to take revenge on all of you!"
Ge Yao gazed at Ye Xuan and spoke fiercely, "She killed countless members of our clan and even took countless treasures from us!"
Ye Xuan's eyelids twitched when he heard this. Dammit! That woman is really ruthless!
Ge Yao stared fixedly at Ye Xuan, "All of you will repay this enmity with your blood!"
Ye Xuan fell silent for a moment before he said, "I'll take all of you to her. Do all of you dare?"
Ge Yao was slightly hesitant.
Even though he'd awakened most of the experts in his clan, he still didn't have the information to deal with that mysterious woman!
That woman was too strong!
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment before he said, "I'll tell you the truth. Don't get angry!
That is, the number of people you have is really not enough for my aunt to fight!
Do you know how strong she is? "
Ge Yao gazed at Ye Xuan, "How strong?"
Ye Xuan spoke seriously, "I don't know the specifics. All I know is that she kills Godrank Realm experts like ants, and experts above the Godrank Realm can't even withstand a single blow from her!"
Ge Yao glanced at Ye Xuan and didn't say anything.
Ye Xuan continued, "I think that the few of you aren't enough. Why don't you call more people over, and then I'll take all of you to her?"
Ge Yao gazed at Ye Xuan, "You don't seem to be worried about her!"
Ye Xuan laughed embarrassedly, "My Aunt is really good at fighting!"
Ge Yao gazed at Ye Xuan and laughed coldly, "Just you wait!
And that Aunt of yours. I'll make all of you pay the price! "
With that, he turned around and left.
Seeing that Ge Yao and the rest had left, Ye Xuan pulled out the sword from his abdomen, his face gradually darkening!
Damn it, that woman was setting him up!
He finally understood why the other party forced him to absorb those souls and even gave him treasures!
They wanted to make him a scapegoat!
Although he had obtained some benefits, it was obvious that he had formed a bad relationship with this mysterious force.
What was he trying to do?
Ye Xuan sheathed his sword and turned to leave.
At this moment, Bai Dizi appeared in front of Ye Xuan. He glanced at the end of the starry sky in the distance. "Are you alright?"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "I'll handle it!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he transformed into a ray of sword light and vanished into the distance.
In the starry sky, Bai Dizi's eyes flashed with a trace of worry.
...
Saint-level.
In front of the bamboo house, the Holy Master was bowing, and no one knew what he was saying.
After a while, the woman in the bamboo house shook her head and smiled. "This little fellow is really interesting. He sent those fellows from the Wilderness North away with just a few words!
He's just like his father. His eloquence is extraordinary! "
The Holy Master hesitated for a moment and said, "Master, what kind of force is the Wilderness North?"
The woman said softly, "It's a very, very ancient force!
They belong to the prehistoric civilization! "
The Holy Master frowned slightly. "Prehistoric civilization?"
The woman nodded. "It's a civilization that existed before the Daoist Scripture Civilization. However, there are no records of that civilization in the entire universe because the Daoist Scripture Civilization was a million years away from that civilization. During that million years, there was a blank period. In other words, it was the primitive era. During that era, there were pitifully few humans, and they didn't even have a written language. Therefore, there are no records of the prehistoric era.
As for why they sealed themselves, no one knows. "
At this point, she paused for a moment and continued. "However, this prehistoric civilization is a little strange.
Qingcheng, Ye Clan, Ancestral Hall.
"Ancestors above, Ye Xuan has no talent, no virtue … From this moment onwards, Ye Xuan's position as Crown Prince will be replaced by Ye Lang."
The one who spoke was an old man in a black robe.
Not far behind the old man stood a youth with a faint smile on his face.
This person was Ye Lang.
On both sides were the Ye Clan's Elders.
"Why?!"
At this moment, a timid voice suddenly sounded in the ancestral hall.
Everyone turned to look and saw a little girl standing at the door. She was about 12 or 13 years old, and her hands were tightly gripping the hem of her skirt. Her face had a sickly pallor, and she looked a little weak. There was even a trace of fear in her eyes.
This little girl was called Ye Ling, and she was Ye Xuan's younger sister. When she heard that the Clan wanted to dismiss Ye Xuan, she disregarded her illness and rushed over.
The black-robed old man frowned. "Ye Ling, what are you doing!"
The little girl called Ye Ling bowed to the people in the ancestral hall, and said timidly, "Great Elder, my brother Ye Xuan is a Crown Prince, why did you discard him for no reason?"
The Great Elder looked coldly at Ye Ling, "This is a Clan matter, what are you interrupting for?
Leave! "
Ye Ling was obviously afraid, and did not dare to look at the Great Elder. However, she did not leave. Instead, she plucked up her courage and entered the ancestral hall. She bowed again to the Elders on both sides, "Dear Elders, my brother is fighting with the Li Clan over the mining rights at Nanshan. He is fighting for the Clan, and we don't know if he's dead or alive. Yet, the Clan is using a groundless excuse to discard his Crown Prince position. This is unfair."
"Impudent!"
The Great Elder suddenly raged, "Discard him or not, it's not up to a little girl like you to decide.
Men, drag her away! "
At this moment, the new Crown Prince Ye Lang suddenly laughed, "You should be flogged thirty times as a warning to others!"
The Great Elder said coldly, "Then flog him thirty times!"
Soon, two guards of the Ye Clan rushed in.
Ye Ling clenched her fists, and said angrily, "This is unfair. My brother has risked his life for the Clan for so many years, and even now, he is fighting for the Clan. The Clan is so unfair to him …"
One of the guards glanced at the new Crown Prince Ye Lang, and he knew that his chance to show off had come.
The guard sneered, "Young Master Ye Lang inherits the Crown Prince position, and it is everyone's wish. What are you shouting for?" As he spoke, he raised his hand and slapped Ye Ling's face.
Slap!
A crisp slap sounded, and the right side of Ye Ling's face instantly turned red and swollen, but she did not cry. She just held her cheek tightly.
Ye Lang looked at the guard, and smiled, "What's your name?"
The guard hurriedly bowed, "I'm Zhang Mu, greeting the Crown Prince."
Ye Lang nodded, "You're not bad. After I become the Crown Prince, I will need ten guards. You can be my guard from now on."
Hearing this, Zhang Mu was overjoyed, and he hurriedly bowed deeply, "I will go through fire and water for the Crown Prince, and I will do anything for you!"
Ye Lang nodded slightly, "Drag him out. This person is disturbing the ancestral hall, so don't show any mercy. Do you understand?"
Zhang Mu glanced at Ye Lang, and when he saw the murderous intent in Ye Lang's eyes, he understood.
He immediately grabbed Ye Ling's hair and dragged her out.
At this moment, Zhang Mu seemed to have seen something, and he suddenly stopped.
In the ancestral hall, everyone turned their heads to look outside.
Not far from the ancestral hall, a young man was walking towards the ancestral hall. The young man was wearing a tight-fitting robe that was torn, and there was blood everywhere.
This person was Ye Xuan, who had rushed back from the South Mountain!
Seeing Ye Xuan, Ye Lang's mouth curled into a cold smile.
Inside the ancestral hall, the Elders frowned.
The Great Elder narrowed his eyes, and his expression was frighteningly dark. No one knew what he was thinking.
From afar, when Ye Xuan saw Zhang Mu dragging Ye Ling, his face turned savage, "Who gave you the guts to touch my sister?"
When Zhang Mu saw Ye Xuan, his face changed. He hurriedly looked at Ye Lang, and was about to speak, when Ye Xuan suddenly leaped in front of him like a ferocious tiger. Before the latter could react, Ye Xuan's fist landed on his face.
Peng!
Zhang Mu felt a wave of dizziness, and he stumbled and fell.
However, Ye Ling did not stop there. He charged towards Zhang Mu again. At this time, Ye Lang suddenly roared, "Ye Xuan, he's my man, how dare you …"
Ye Xuan suddenly stepped on Zhang Mu's chest.
Pu!
Zhang Mu spat out a mouthful of blood.
Seeing this, Ye Lang's face turned ugly. Ye Xuan looked up at him and snarled, "Your man?"
As he spoke, he stepped on Zhang Mu's face.
Zhang Mu's face turned into a bloody mess, as he screamed, "Prince, save, save me …"
Ye Xuan did not care about Zhang Mu, as he walked to Ye Ling's side. Seeing Ye Ling's appearance, Ye Xuan felt as though his heart was being sliced by a knife. He clenched his fists, and his entire body trembled.
When Ye Ling saw Ye Xuan, her tears flowed out, "Brother, it hurts, it hurts …"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan's expression turned savage. In the next instant, he charged in front of Zhang Mu, and kicked Zhang Mu's head.
Peng!
Qingcheng, Ye Clan, Ancestral Hall.
"Ancestors, Ye Xuan has no talent, no virtue … From now on, Ye Xuan's position as Prince shall be replaced by Ye Lang."
The one who spoke was an old man in black robes.
Not far behind the old man, there was a youth with a faint smile on his face.
This person was Ye Lang.
On both sides, there were the Ye Clan Elders.
"Why!?"
At this time, a timid voice rang out in the ancestral hall.
Everyone turned to look and saw a little girl standing at the door. She was about 12 or 13 years old, and her hands were tightly gripping the hem of her skirt. Her face had a sickly pallor, and she looked a little weak. There was even a trace of fear in her eyes.
This girl was called Ye Ling, and she was Ye Xuan's younger sister. When she heard that the clan wanted to remove Ye Xuan, she disregarded her illness and rushed over.
The black-robed old man frowned, "Ye Ling, what are you doing!?"
The little girl called Ye Ling bowed to the people in the ancestral hall, and said timidly, "Great Elder, my brother Ye Xuan is a Prince, why did you discard him for no reason?"
The Great Elder looked at Ye Ling coldly, "This is a matter of the clan, why are you interrupting?
Leave! "
Ye Ling was obviously afraid, not daring to look at the Great Elder, but she did not leave. Instead, she plucked up her courage and walked into the ancestral hall. She bowed to the Elders on both sides, "Elders, my brother is fighting with the Li Clan over the mining rights at Nanshan. He is fighting for the clan, and we don't know if he's dead or alive. Yet, the clan is using a groundless excuse to discard his position. This is unfair."
"Impudent!"
The Great Elder suddenly raged, "Whether he discards his position or not, it's not up to a little girl like you to decide.
Men, drag her away. "
At this time, the new Prince, Ye Lang, suddenly laughed, "You should be flogged 30 times as a warning to others!"
The Great Elder replied coldly, "Then flog her 30 times!"
Soon, two guards of the Ye Clan rushed in.
Ye Ling clenched her fists and said angrily, "This is unfair. My brother has risked his life for the clan for so many years. Even now, he is risking his life for the clan. The clan is so unfair to him …"
One of the guards glanced at the new Prince, Ye Lang. He knew that this was his chance to shine.
The guard sneered, "Young Master Ye Lang inherits the position of Prince. What are you yelling about?" As he spoke, he raised his hand and slapped Ye Ling's face.
Slap!
A crisp slap sounded, and the right side of Ye Ling's face instantly swelled up. However, she did not cry. She only covered her cheek tightly.
Ye Lang looked at the guard and smiled, "What's your name?"
The guard hurriedly bowed. "Subordinate Zhang Mu greets the Crown Prince."
Ye Lang nodded, "You're not bad. After I become the Prince, I will need 10 guards. You can be my guard from now on."
Hearing this, Zhang Mu was overjoyed. He quickly bowed deeply, "This subordinate is willing to go through fire and water for the Prince!"
Ye Lang nodded, "Drag him away. This person is disturbing the ancestral hall. Don't hold back. Do you understand?"
Zhang Mu glanced at Ye Lang. When he saw the murderous intent in Ye Lang's eyes, he understood.
He immediately grabbed Ye Ling's hair and dragged her out.
At this moment, Zhang Mu suddenly stopped as if he had seen something.
Inside the ancestral hall, everyone turned their heads to look outside the hall.
Not far from the ancestral hall, a young man was walking towards the ancestral hall. The young man was wearing a tight-fitting robe. The robe was tattered and covered in blood.
The young man was Ye Xuan, who had rushed back from Nanshan!
Seeing Ye Xuan, Ye Lang's lips curled into a sinister smile.
Inside the ancestral hall, the Elders frowned.
The Great Elder narrowed his eyes, his face dark and gloomy. No one knew what he was thinking.
From afar, when Ye Xuan saw Zhang Mu dragging Ye Ling, his face turned savage. "Who gave you the guts to touch my sister?"
When Zhang Mu saw Ye Xuan, his face changed. He quickly looked at Ye Lang and was about to speak. At this time, Ye Xuan leaped in front of him like a ferocious tiger. Before the latter could react, Ye Xuan's fist landed on his face.
Peng!
Zhang Mu felt a wave of dizziness, and he stumbled and fell.
However, Ye Ling did not stop there. He charged at Zhang Mu again. At this time, Ye Lang suddenly roared, "Ye Xuan, he's my man! How dare you …"
Ye Xuan suddenly stepped on Zhang Mu's chest.
Pu!
Zhang Mu spat out a mouthful of blood.
Seeing this, Ye Lang's face turned ugly. Ye Xuan looked up at him and said, "Your man?"
As he spoke, he stepped on Zhang Mu's face.
Zhang Mu's face turned into a bloody mess, as he screamed, "Prince, save, save me …"
Ye Xuan did not care about Zhang Mu, as he walked up to Ye Ling. Seeing Ye Ling's state, Ye Xuan felt as though his heart was being sliced apart. He clenched his fists, and his entire body trembled.
When Ye Ling saw Ye Xuan, her tears flowed, "Brother, it hurts, it hurts …"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan's expression turned savage. In the next instant, he charged in front of Zhang Mu and kicked Zhang Mu's head.
Peng!








Chapter 1488
Needless to say, Ye Xuan was a little shocked at this moment!
His own father killed his own grandfather?
Can it be played like this?
At this moment, the voice sighed softly. "It's not your father's fault. It's your grandfather who wanted to devour your father's bloodline. Moreover, your grandfather is really not a good person. These are all old matters. You will naturally know about these grudges in the future."
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "I don't really want to know about these grudges now. I just want to know if anyone has come to take that woman!"
The voice said, "Originally, your bloodline could suppress her, but now, your bloodline has been suppressed and sealed. How can you play with her?"
Ye Xuan was speechless. "I also didn't know that my aunt was such a scammer!"
The voice said, "After all, she is your aunt. Why don't you go and talk to her? Maybe you can resolve some of the grudges from the past!
After all, you are quite good at bluffing! "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The voice said again, "Aunt still has things to do. Take care of yourself!"
In the hall, Ye Xuan sighed softly.
Grudges!
What grudges!
What does the matters of the older generation have to do with me!
Why are they all beating me up?
After a long time, Ye Xuan sighed again and turned to leave.
I can only go and talk to that woman!
Just as Eldest Aunt said, they were a family, so why should they fight?
It would be good to talk!
Of course, I can't beat her …
...
After leaving the Four-Dimensional Universe, Ye Xuan came to the Holy Region.
Let's talk!
As soon as Ye Xuan arrived at the Holy Region, the Holy Master appeared in front of him. At this time, the Holy Master's arm had already recovered.
The Holy Master looked at Ye Xuan. "What do you want?"
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Kill people. Oh, no, chat!
I'm here to chat! "
The Holy Master stared at Ye Xuan. "Chat!
What do we have to chat about? "
Ye Xuan pointed below. "I'm here to talk to my aunt!"
Holy Lord frowned, "Ye Xuan, what nonsense are you spouting!"
Ye Xuan blinked, "Holy Lord, don't you know that the woman below is my aunt?
My dear aunt! "
The Sacred Leader glared at Ye Xuan. "Are you here to acknowledge your kin?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes!"
Saint Master was expressionless. "There's no one down there. You can leave!"
Ye Xuan chuckled. He took out the Supreme Sword and gently tapped it on his palm. He didn't say anything and just smiled.
The Sacred Lord's expression was somewhat unsightly.
Damn it, this guy is threatening me!
However, he really couldn't do anything to Ye Xuan!
God Realm experts couldn't do anything to Ye Xuan because Ye Xuan's physical body was too monstrous.
Deity Realm powerhouses were already unable to pose any substantial threat to Ye Xuan's fleshy body!
Suddenly, a voice resounded from below, "Ask him to come down!"
The Sacred Lord bowed respectfully to the people below. Then he looked at Ye Xuan and said, "You can leave now!"
Ye Xuan walked down, and it didn't take long for him to arrive before a bamboo forest. He passed through the bamboo forest and saw a bamboo house.
At this moment, a voice resounded from within the house, "Come in!"
Ye Xuan didn't hesitate and walked in. The furnishings within the house were very simple. There was only a bed, a bamboo table, and two bamboo chairs!
The woman sat before the table and was reading a book.
The woman smiled when she saw Ye Xuan, "Sit!"
Ye Xuan nodded. He sat before the woman. There was a chessboard on the table, and the white piece was in a hopeless situation!
Ye Xuan smiled, "Is this white piece me?"
The woman shook her head and smiled, "It's not you.
It's me! "
Ye Xuan frowned slightly, "You?"
The woman smiled, "Yes!
No matter where I go, I'll die in the end. "
Ye Xuan looked at the woman, "I heard from others that you're really my aunt?"
The woman nodded, "It's true, and we're related!"
Ye Xuan was puzzled, "Why did you do this to me?"
The woman smiled, "Some grudges."
Ye Xuan asked, "The older generation?"
The woman nodded.
Ye Xuan looked at the woman, "Is it appropriate for you to bully the younger generation for the grudges of the older generation?"
The woman smiled, "I can't beat the older generation!"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan's mouth twitched, and he almost went berserk!
F * ck, you can't beat the older generation, so you come to beat me?
F * ck me …
The woman smiled, "Did you come to me today to talk about this?"
Ye Xuan said, "I want to understand something!"
The woman put down the book in her hand and smiled, "Ask away!"
Ye Xuan looked at the woman, "You can kill me, right?"
The woman nodded, "I can indeed kill you, but that's under the premise that no one else interferes.
But if I touch you, someone will definitely stop me!
Just like now, although it's only the two of us, I can't kill you if I want to! "
Ye Xuan frowned, "Why?"
The woman smiled, "That's not the point!"
Ye Xuan was silent for a moment, then said, "I want to know about the grudges of the older generation!"
The woman shook her head, "I can't tell you. No, I don't want to tell you!"
Ye Xuan looked at the woman, "So you're saying that you're determined to kill me!"
The woman smiled, "Yes!"
Ye Xuan nodded, "I understand!"
With that, he stood up and left. When he walked to the door, he turned to look at the woman, "You've done so much, so it shouldn't be just to use others to kill me, right?"
The woman smiled, "Yes!"
Ye Xuan said, "The cause of disaster?"
The woman nodded.
Ye Xuan nodded slightly, "I understand."
As soon as he finished speaking, he vanished on the spot.
Within the bamboo house, the woman's smile gradually vanished. After a long time, she placed her right hand lightly on the chessboard, and in the next moment, the entire chessboard transformed into nothingness.
Everything was destroyed!
There was no winner!
...
Ye Xuan returned to the Fifth Dimension, and he looked for Bai Dizi.
Within the hall, Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "Investigate those mysterious powers that came looking for me earlier and find out their origins!"
Bai Dizi said in a low voice, "I've already sent people to investigate before you left!
However, there's no news! "
Ye Xuan said softly, "Then they should be quite far away from us."
Bai Dizi nodded, "I've already asked Black City for help, and they've agreed."
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment before he said, "You must do it secretly. Otherwise, you might implicate them!"
Bai Dizi nodded slightly, "I understand!"
As he spoke, he hesitated for a moment before he said, "Do you know who's behind this?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "I do!"
Bai Dizi fell silent for a moment before he said, "No matter what, be careful."
Ye Xuan nodded. "I understand."
Bai Dizi was about to speak when a figure suddenly appeared within the hall. Ye Xuan looked at the figure, and the figure bowed slightly to Ye Xuan before leaving behind a scroll and vanishing.
Ye Xuan opened his palm, and the scroll appeared in his hand. He opened it, and there were only four words on it — Divine City, Northern Wilderness!
Divine City?
Northern Wilderness?
Ye Xuan exerted some force with his right hand, and the scroll vanished.
The mysterious power from before was from the Northern Wilderness!
That woman was obviously using the Northern Wilderness!
Ye Xuan fell silent for a moment before he said, "I'm going out for a while."
As soon as he finished speaking, he vanished on the spot.
...
Northern Wilderness.
Ge Yao knelt devoutly in front of the stone tablet, and behind him were dozens of super overlords.
These people had all surpassed the Immortal State.
At this moment, all of them were kneeling in front of the stone tablet.
After an unknown period of time, the stone tablet trembled slightly, and in the next moment, a woman walked out of it.
The woman only wore a black tube top, and most of her skin was exposed to the air. She only wore a very short leather skirt, and her legs were as white as jade.
After the woman appeared, she slowly closed her eyes, and Ge Yao and the others in front of her hurriedly bowed respectfully. "Greetings, Divine Envoy!"
The woman gently hooked her finger, and a black gauze suddenly appeared on her body, which made her look even sexier.
After a while, the woman suddenly opened her eyes, and her gaze pierced through the starry sky, directly to the Sacred Region.
Inside the bamboo house, the mysterious woman who was reading a book suddenly opened her eyes. She turned her head to take a look and said with a smile, "Interesting!
It seems that I've underestimated this prehistoric civilization. "
...
Northern Wilderness.
The Divine Envoy opened her palm, and a machete suddenly appeared in her hand. In the next moment, she lightly slashed in front of her.
Whoosh!
The space in front of her cracked, and almost at the same time, in the bamboo house in the Sacred Region, the space in front of the mysterious woman suddenly cracked, and a black blade flashed out.
The mysterious woman's expression was calm, and she lightly pointed with her fingers.
Boom!
The blade shook violently, and then slowly turned into nothingness.
The Divine Envoy swung the blade again.
Whoosh!
A blade suddenly appeared between the mysterious woman's eyebrows, but the blade stopped half an inch away from the mysterious woman's eyebrows!
This was because the mysterious woman's jade-like fingers had caught the blade!
The mysterious woman gently pinched the blade with her fingers, and the blade turned into nothingness. Then, she lightly pointed forward —
In the Sacred Region, the space in front of the Divine Envoy suddenly cracked, and a finger shot out.
The Divine Envoy's expression was calm. She opened her palm, and countless blade auras flew out of it.
Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh, whoosh, whoosh!
In an instant, the finger was directly cut into powder.
In the Sacred Region, inside the bamboo house, the woman smiled and did not attack again.
In the Northern Wilderness, the Divine Envoy also did not attack again. Several blade auras flew around her.
Ge Yao hesitated, and then asked, "Divine Envoy?"
The Divine Envoy said softly, "Very strong!"
Very strong.
Hearing this, Ge Yao's expression became serious.
The Divine Envoy slowly closed her eyes. "This woman forced her way into the Northern Wilderness, took those souls, and bullied the Northern Wilderness … Just for that young man Ye Xuan?"
Ge Yao nodded. "Yes!
That young man has already absorbed those souls! "
Then, she paused, and then said, "That young man is not simple, especially his body, which is extremely powerful, and his bloodline has extremely strong healing abilities."
The Divine Envoy was expressionless. "I'll go and see this person. You guys wait here for the Underworld Envoy."
Underworld Envoy!
Hearing this, Ge Yao's heart jumped, and he quickly nodded. "Yes!"
The Divine Envoy did not speak again. She took a step forward, and with that, she disappeared from the Northern Wilderness …
..








Chapter 1489
In the starry sky, Ye Xuan rode on his flying sword. After a long time, he arrived at the God City.
Just as he was about to step into the God City, a powerful divine sense suddenly enveloped him.
Ye Xuan frowned slightly. At this moment, that divine sense suddenly disappeared without a trace.
Ye Xuan was slightly startled. A moment later, he continued forward. There was only a small tavern in the city. The small tavern was very new, as if it had just been built.
Ye Xuan walked into the tavern. Inside the tavern, there were only two people. One was the tavern manager, and the other was a waiter.
At this moment, both of them were looking at Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan was a little baffled by their gazes. He asked, "Do the two of you know me?"
The waiter looked at the manager. The manager waved his hand and the waiter retreated.
The manager looked at Ye Xuan and said with a smile, "Do you want to drink?
The best wine here is Spring Sword! "
Ye Xuan thought for a moment and said with a smile, "I'll have a pot."
The manager smiled and said, "Please sit."
Ye Xuan walked to the side and sat down. The manager immediately brought over a pot of wine and two side dishes.
Just as the manager was about to leave, Ye Xuan suddenly smiled and said, "Let's have a chat?"
The manager hesitated for a moment before nodding, "Sure!"
He sat in front of Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Senior knows me!"
The manager smiled, "Why do you say so?"
Ye Xuan said, "When I first came in, the way you looked at me."
The manager was silent.
Ye Xuan suddenly asked, "I'll be more direct. Are you in cahoots with that woman?"
The manager seemed to know who Ye Xuan was talking about. He immediately shook his head, "No!"
No!
Ye Xuan asked again, "Do you know me?"
The manager nodded, "My master knows you!"
Ye Xuan was a little curious, "Your master?
Can I meet him? "
The manager shook his head. "It's not convenient for the time being!"
Ye Xuan smiled and asked, "Why?"
The manager hesitated for a moment before he said, "Young Master Ye, your true objective for coming here this time is for that woman, right?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
The innkeeper sighed in a low voice. "Young Master Ye, to be honest, that woman also came to the tavern … and we couldn't do anything to her."
After a moment of silence, Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Then I'll ask about the Northern Wilderness!"
Northern Wilderness!
The shopkeeper said, "We know a little about Dao Yi. The Northern Wilderness is a prehistoric civilization, a civilization before the Dao Scripture. Their cultivation system is completely different from ours. Their cultivation system is also different!
Moreover, they also cultivate Faith Energy, but it's different from ours. Moreover, some of their cultivation methods are very special. For example, they cultivate Psychokinesis, which we know nothing about. Apart from that, they also cultivate Underworld Energy, a special kind of power … "
As he said this, his expression became serious.
Ye Xuan smiled bitterly. "To tell you the truth, that woman must have gone to the Desolate North. Then she brought out the souls of some of the Desolate North's powerhouses and let me absorb them …"
The innkeeper looked at Ye Xuan and asked, "You absorbed them?"
Ye Xuan shrugged. "She forced me to absorb them!"
The innkeeper said in a deep voice, "She wants to make the Northern Wilderness your enemy!"
Ye Xuan nodded.
After a moment of silence, the innkeeper said, "What are you going to do?"
Ye Xuan said, "I want to go to the Northern Wilderness and clear up this misunderstanding. But I'm afraid I won't be able to return. They are not only strong, but they also have a lot of people."
The innkeeper hesitated and said, "You absorbed all the souls?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
The innkeeper sighed again. "That's not a simple problem."
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "I'm not particularly worried about the Northern Wilderness. I'm worried about that woman. My intuition tells me that she's plotting something!"
The innkeeper nodded. "Master also said that she's plotting something. It's not just to cause trouble for you. It might have something to do with the Cause of Misfortune on you!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "My guess is also the Cause of Misfortune. But I don't know the specifics."
The innkeeper glanced at Ye Xuan. "Young Master Ye, you can't fight her alone. Master suggests that you find someone from the older generation!"
Ye Xuan shrugged. "I can't find anyone!
By the way, can you help me contact Qing 'er? "
The innkeeper asked. "The woman in the plain dress?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
The innkeeper shook his head. "No!"
Ye Xuan was puzzled. "Why?"
The innkeeper said in a deep voice, "Young Master Ye, Master also doesn't suggest that you let that senior come back!
Because if she comes back, things will become more complicated. Also, your aunt's target might be the woman in the plain dress … "
Ye Xuan frowned. "Kill Qing 'er?"
The innkeeper shook his head. "She doesn't have that ability!
She might be plotting against you and the woman in the plain dress. The only thing that can restrain the woman in the plain dress is the Cause of Misfortune. So … "
When he spoke up to here, he sighed softly. "Actually, Master isn't too sure about her true objective. The only thing I know is that it's related to the Disaster Cause. Because if she wants to kill you, she can only rely on the Disaster Cause!"
Ye Xuan suddenly asked. "Can I see your Master?"
The innkeeper shook his head. "Master can't see you. Please understand."
Ye Xuan nodded. "I understand. Let's talk about the Northern Wilderness!
The Northern Wilderness now sees me as their mortal enemy. Although I tricked them into leaving, I believe that they will definitely come back soon … "
The innkeeper suddenly said. "Go find Miss Ding!"
"Miss Ding?"
Ye Xuan blinked. "Who is it?"
The innkeeper took out a scroll and placed it in front of Ye Xuan. "Young Master Ye, take care!"
Then, he got up and left.
Ye Xuan was silent for a long time. He picked up the scroll and left.
Not long after, he suddenly turned around. Not far away, the tavern suddenly burst into flames. Soon, the entire tavern turned into nothingness.
Ye Xuan said softly. "I'm sorry. I didn't know I would implicate you … Thank you!"
Then, he turned around and left.
In the starry sky, Ye Xuan opened the scroll. It was actually a map.
Miss Ding?
Ye Xuan was curious. Who was this Miss Ding that the tavern senior mentioned?
Would he implicate her if he went to find her?
After a moment of silence, Ye Xuan finally chose to find this Miss Ding. Otherwise, who knew what would happen if he allowed that woman to continue?
He really couldn't beat her!
Even now, he still didn't know how strong that woman was!
Since it was a grudge between the older generation, it was better to let the older generation solve it themselves!
I won't take the blame!
...
In the Fifth Dimension. On this day, a woman suddenly arrived in the starry sky of the Fifth Dimension.
It was the Divine Envoy!
The Divine Envoy stood in the starry sky and looked down at the Fifth Dimension. After a long time, a trace of surprise flashed in her eyes. "This universe … is a bit interesting …"
Then, she suddenly turned around. Not far away, there stood a little girl!
Mu Niannian!
The Divine Envoy looked at Mu Niannian. After a while, she looked at the candied fruit in Mu Niannian's hand and said softly.
"You are very strong!"
Mu Niannian said: "The Northern Wilderness?"
The Divine Envoy nodded.
Mu Niannian said with a smile: "Want to talk?"
The Divine Envoy looked at Mu Niannian's candied fruit and asked: "Is there a need to talk?"
Mu Niannian smiled slightly. "That woman is using you!"
The Divine Envoy looked calm. "That woman wants to use us to target that young man?"
Mu Niannian said with a smile: "It seems that I can save my breath!
However, I am a bit curious. How did you know?
Or is it just a guess? "
The Divine Envoy slowly clenched her right hand that was hidden behind her back. "I have fought with her. She is very strong. It is meaningless for such a strong person to snatch those souls. Those treasures are also meaningless to her.
Then, there are only two possibilities left. First, she is really doing it for that young man. Second, she is framing that young man and wants the Northern Wilderness to become enemies with that young man. "
Then, she looked down. "This time, I came to see that young man and this universe!
This universe is not simple. You are very strong.
However, you are a bit strange. You are in a very strange state now! "
Mu Niannian said with a smile: "Strange state?"
The Divine Envoy nodded. "There seems to be something bothering you!"
Mu Niannian smiled. "The Cause of Misfortune!"
The Divine Envoy frowned. "The Cause of Misfortune?"
Mu Niannian asked: "There is no Cause of Misfortune in your era?"
The Divine Envoy said softly: "You are talking about the Body of Misfortune."
Mu Niannian was a bit curious. "The Body of Misfortune?"
The Divine Emissary nodded. "The Cause of Disaster you mentioned should be what we call the Body of Disaster, the source of all evil karma … However, this kind of person has never appeared even in our era. In our era, there was a Good Body … As for this Body of Disaster, not only did it not appear in our era, it did not even appear in the most ancient era."
Mu Niannian licked the candied fruit and said: "Do you have a way to solve this Body of Misfortune?"
The Divine Envoy looked at Mu Niannian's candied fruit again. "Yes!"
Mu Niannian blinked. "There is?"
The Divine Envoy said: "The Body of Misfortune cannot be directly erased or changed, but it can be reversed, forcibly reversed!"
Mu Niannian asked: "How do you reverse it?"
The Divine Envoy looked at Mu Niannian. "Become stronger!
So strong that no karma can touch you. "
Mu Niannian was silent.
Wasn't she talking about the woman in the plain dress?
That woman was the one who no karma dared to touch!
But it was still very difficult for Ye Xuan to reach the level of the woman in the plain dress, at least not in a short time.
At this moment, the Divine Envoy suddenly said: "That young man can live until now with the Body of Misfortune is because someone is blocking the source of the Body of Misfortune for him, right?"
Mu Niannian nodded. "Yes!"
The Divine Envoy frowned slightly. "Someone can do that?"
Mu Niannian smiled. "Yes!"
The Divine Envoy shook his head. "Impossible … This Cause of Misfortune is simply … No, you have no reason to lie to me. Moreover, that young man is indeed still alive."
Mu Niannian licked the candied fruit and smiled. It was good to talk to smart people because you didn't have to explain too much nonsense.
At this moment, the Divine Envoy suddenly asked: "What are you licking?"
Mu Niannian smiled. "Candied fruit!"
The Divine Envoy hesitated. "It looks delicious. Can I lick it?"
Mu Niannian blinked and said: "This … This is a divine item. It blooms every ten thousand years and bears fruit every ten thousand years. Look at this string of mine, there are six of them. They have been bearing fruit for sixty thousand years!"
The Divine Envoy: "…"
...








Chapter 1490
Sixty thousand years old!
The Saint blinked. "Really?"
Mu Niannian said seriously, "Of course!
However, I can give you a skewer. "
With that, she took out a skewer of candied haws and handed it to the Saint.
The Saint hesitated for a moment before taking the candied haws. She licked it gently. It was a little sweet and sour, but there was no spiritual energy or energy. She looked at Mu Niannian and asked, "Why doesn't this thing have any energy or spiritual energy?"
Nian Nian blinked, feeling a little awkward. How was she going to fool him?
Fortunately, the Saint did not continue to ask this question. She licked it again and said, "This thing is sour and sweet. There's an indescribable feeling when you lick it."
Mu Niannian smiled and said, "Delicious, right?"
The Saint nodded. "Indeed!"
With that, she glanced at Mu Niannian and said, "I can't take it from you for free!"
When she spoke up to here, she opened her palm to reveal a pure white spirit fruit. As soon as it appeared, a wave of pure spiritual energy instantly spread out from her palm.
Nian Nian blinked. "This is?"
The Saint said, "My clan's sacred fruit. It blooms every ten thousand years and bears fruit every ten thousand years. After eating, it can cleanse the marrow and nourish the limbs and bones … Most importantly, it tastes good and delicious!"
Nian Nian looked at the Saint. "Is it for me?"
The Saint nodded. "Yes."
Nian Nian smiled and said, "Actually, this candied haw isn't that precious!"
The Saint nodded. "I know!
This thing should be some snacks of this era, right? "
Nian Nian nodded. "Yes."
The Saint smiled slightly. "No matter what, I ate your candied haw and I don't like to owe others, so you can keep it!"
Nian Nian shook her head. "You have your principles and I have mine. Just give me a skewer of candied haw in the future."
The Saint thought for a moment and said, "That's fine too!"
Nian Nian smiled and said, "Let's talk about that woman. Are you interested?"
The Saint nodded. "Yes."
Nian Nian smiled and said, "You already know the truth. What are you going to do now?"
The Saint shook his head. "I don't know how strong she is, and I don't know what she will do next."
As she said that, she looked at Mu Niannian. "Because you're affected by the Disaster Constitution, you can't attack openly, right?"
Nian Nian nodded. "Yes."
The Divine Envoy said softly, "Then things will be a bit tricky."
Nian Nian said, "If I'm not wrong, she should have a backup plan, but we don't know what this backup plan is for now.
Most importantly, you've already seen through her scheme. I'm worried that she has already anticipated this and has a backup plan. "
The Saint nodded slightly. "That's what I'm worried about."
As she spoke, she shook her head. "I wanted to talk to her, but she didn't want to."
Nian Nian blinked. "Why don't we join forces?"
The Saint was silent.
Nian Nian asked, "Are you worried about the Body of Disaster?"
The Sage nodded. "Yes!"
Nian Nian smiled and said, "She killed many of your people."
The Saint looked at Nian Nian. "But if we continue to be enemies with her without knowing her true strength, we might lose more people. Moreover, her real intention is to target you. My clan doesn't want to get involved in this mess for now."
Nian Nian nodded. "I understand!
However, you guys still have to be careful. She probably won't let this go! "
The Saint nodded. "Thank you for the reminder."
As she said that, she licked the candied fruit and said, "I still have something to do. We'll talk another day."
With that, she turned and left.
Nian Nian looked at the Saint in the distance and remained silent.
'What will that woman do next?'
...
Somewhere in the starry sky, Ye Xuan was flying on his sword. He didn't know where he was going because he was following the map.
Miss Ding!
He was also curious about this Miss Ding. The tavern owner had asked him to look for her. She should be able to restrain that woman, right?
At this moment, the space not far away from him suddenly trembled. Ye Xuan frowned slightly and clenched his right hand tightly.
He clenched the sword in his hand because he felt a murderous intent!
A murderous intent that came out of nowhere!
At this moment, the murderous intent suddenly disappeared. The next moment, the space split open and a woman walked out!
It was the mysterious woman from the Sacred Land.
Ye Xuan looked at the woman in silence.
The woman said with a smile, "Are you going to look for help?"
Ye Xuan hurriedly shook his head. "No!
I'm just strolling around! "
The woman laughed and said, "I like to see you lie with your eyes wide open. It's really interesting!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The woman said with a smile, "Go back!"
Ye Xuan looked at the woman. "Are you afraid that I'll look for that person?"
The woman shook her head. "I'm not afraid because she can't do anything to me. However, with her around, it'll be a little troublesome to carry out many of my plans because she knows me better than Miss Nian and knows more than Miss Nian!"
Ye Xuan was silent.
The woman looked at Ye Xuan and said with a smile, "Are you going back yourself, or do you want me to beat you up?"
Ye Xuan looked at the woman. "How about a spar?"
The woman said with a smile, "Are you serious?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "I'm serious!
Hmm … it's a spar, the kind where we stop when it's appropriate! "
The woman laughed. "Stop when it's appropriate!
Since you want to know my strength, then come! "
Ye Xuan suddenly disappeared from the spot.
Chi!
The space in front of the woman suddenly tore open and a sword beam appeared an inch away from the woman's eyebrows.
Instant Kill Sword!
Extreme Instant Kill Sword!
However, such a fast sword was caught by two fingers!
The woman held onto Ye Xuan's sword and smiled. "A very fast sword. However, even Tingyun can't do anything to me with this sword, let alone you!"
As she said that, her fingers trembled slightly.
Boom!
Ye Xuan and his sword were sent flying hundreds of feet away!
The woman looked at Ye Xuan. "Again!"
Ye Xuan looked at the woman. The next moment, he suddenly appeared in front of the woman. Immediately after, four types of Domains enveloped the woman. At the same time, he held the sword with both hands and slashed forward.
He used all his strength in this sword!
Of course, it lacked the Crazy Demon Bloodline Power!
Even so, the power of this sword was enough to destroy heaven and earth. However, even with the support of four types of Domains, this sword was still caught by the woman's two fingers!
The woman's two fingers trembled slightly.
Boom!
Ye Xuan's four types of Domains were directly shattered. At the same time, he was sent flying hundreds of feet away.
Ye Xuan looked at the sword in his hand in silence.
He was crushed!
This woman's strength was far above his. Even if he used the Power of Faith, he might not be able to do anything to this woman.
The woman sized up Ye Xuan. "Four types of Domains. It's quite rare. However, it's a pity that your four types of Domains are of a low level. You haven't grasped the true essence of Domains!"
Ye Xuan frowned slightly. "Low level?"
The woman nodded and smiled. "You can't really think that Domains are so trashy, right?"
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment. "Are Domains very strong?"
The woman smiled. "Of course. Although you have four types of Domains, you haven't grasped the essence of Domains. Therefore, your power is mediocre."
Ye Xuan said in a low voice. "How can I display the true power of this Domain?"
The woman blinked. "Are you asking me?"
Ye Xuan: "…"
The woman smiled. "I won't tell you!
Otherwise, if you're too strong, you'll only make things difficult for me. "
Ye Xuan said in a low voice. "Are you afraid that I'll become stronger?"
The woman smiled. "If you want to be a threat to me, you'll need at least 30 years, or even longer. Therefore, within 30 years, it doesn't matter how you jump around. However, I can't take the initiative to help you improve!
Isn't that looking for trouble for myself? "
Ye Xuan was silent.
The woman smiled. "Don't worry. I won't target the people around you. I won't use your relatives to threaten you.
You can rest assured. "
Ye Xuan glanced at the woman. "In that case, I should be thanking you!"
The woman smiled. "I can understand you. After all, it's a grudge of the older generation. You have to take the blame!
But there's no other way. This matter has something to do with you. Moreover, I really can't beat the older generation. I can only beat you. "
Ye Xuan looked calm. "You're really straightforward.
Speaking of which, I'm curious. Do you have some kind of blood feud with my mother? "
The woman smiled. "Sort of!"
Ye Xuan frowned. "You're sisters!
Is there such a big grudge? "
The woman shook her head. "I can't tell you about this."
Ye Xuan was silent for a moment. He asked again. "I heard from a senior that my grandfather was killed?"
The woman nodded. "Yes."
Ye Xuan continued to ask. "My father did it?"
The woman nodded. "Your grandfather's death … I can only say that he deserved it.
Although it's a bit unfilial to say this, he has done too many evil things!
Moreover, when you were born, he wanted to kill you! "
Ye Xuan was stunned. "My grandfather wanted to kill me?"
The woman nodded. "Yes!"
Ye Xuan wiped the cold sweat off his forehead. Damn it. It's not easy for me to live until now!
The woman suddenly smiled. "Let's go back!"
Ye Xuan looked at the woman. "Can we make an agreement?"
The woman smiled. "Let's hear it!"
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice. "No matter what happens in the future, don't make a move on the Fifth Dimension. Don't make a move on the people around me. Of course, I won't make the Fifth Dimension and the people around you your enemy!
This is a grudge between the two of us. What do you think? "
The woman smiled. "Sure!
However, I won't make a move on the Fifth Dimension. I won't show mercy to some people from the older generation who helped you. "
Ye Xuan was silent for a moment. "Okay!"
After saying that, he turned around and left.
Not long after Ye Xuan left, a shadow quietly appeared behind the woman. The shadow gradually solidified. It was a woman wearing an emerald green dress. There were some leaf-like things on the woman's head. It looked quite strange.
The woman who had just appeared stared at Ye Xuan at the end of the starry sky in the distance. Her eyes were filled with killing intent.
The mysterious woman suddenly smiled. "You can't just kill him like that. Do you understand?
Moreover, what's the point of killing him?
After all, the person you want to kill is Tian Ming. "
The woman in the emerald green dress was expressionless. "If I kill him, that woman will definitely be in pain, right?"
The mysterious woman smiled. "And then?
Then she will end you with a sword?
Also, we can't kill him now. Don't underestimate that Miss Nian Nian. "
The woman in the emerald green dress was silent.
The mysterious woman suddenly said, "How's the contact going?"
The woman in the emerald green dress said solemnly, "I've already contacted some people. However, most of them don't dare to participate in this matter because they fear Tian Ming."
As she said that, she looked at the mysterious woman. "How do you plan to deal with that man and that woman?"
The mysterious woman raised her head to look at the end of the starry sky and said softly, "Our appearance is the best chance for this Disaster Cause. I don't believe it won't seize this opportunity … This Disaster Cause will definitely help us … If I'm not wrong, this Disaster Cause is about to make a move."
....
In a certain part of the starry sky, a woman was walking slowly.
It was the woman in the white dress!
At that moment, the woman in the white dress suddenly stopped. The blood-red threads around her suddenly trembled violently. They surrounded the woman in the white dress like a huge ball, wrapping around her. However, it was very difficult for them to approach her. At the same time, the space in front of the woman suddenly turned blood-red. Within that blood-red space, there was a blood-red door.
The woman in the white dress slowly closed her eyes. After a long while, she turned her head to take a look and sneered. "You're playing with me?
If it weren't for the fact that you're his mother, I would've ended you with my sword long ago!
You don't even recognize your own son. What the hell! "
After saying that, she walked towards the blood-red door.
...
PS: Updated one minute late, one more chapter!








Chapter 1491
As the plain-dressed woman walked towards the blood-red door, the starry sky around her had already turned blood-red. The entire starry sky was like a sea of blood. It was extremely strange!
The plain-dressed woman walked slowly. Her expression was calm as the number of blood-red threads around her increased. When she reached the blood-red door, those blood-red threads had already covered the entire starry sky!
If someone was here, they would definitely be scared to death!
This was too terrifying!
Karmic Threads!
Endless Karmic Threads of Disaster!
These Karmic Threads of Disaster should be on Ye Xuan's body. However, they had been shouldered by the plain-dressed woman. Of course, these Karmic Threads of Disaster couldn't do anything to her. However, she couldn't sever them all because new threads would appear even if she severed them. Therefore, she didn't sever them all.
The plain-dressed woman walked towards the blood-red door. Behind the door was a long blood-red path that seemed to have no end.
When she entered the blood-red door, she suddenly turned her head to look at the Karmic Threads of Disaster. She could see countless things from these Karmic Threads of Disaster.
Many of the Karmic Threads of Disaster were related to her and the green-robed man. However, there were also some that didn't belong to her and the green-robed man!
They belonged to Ye Xuan himself!
The degree of terror of these Karmic Threads of Disaster wasn't any less than the ones she and the green-robed man had.
Everyone had a past life, present life, and a future life. However, when a person's strength reached a certain level, they could sever their past life and future life.
The green-robed man had done it!
She had also done it!
She wouldn't be tainted by any karma. She would be herself.
However, Ye Xuan couldn't do it.
What was she really worried about?
She was worried that Ye Xuan's past life would determine his present life.
Some powerful people could be reborn after reaching a certain level. Moreover, they could control their own rebirth.
After such people were reborn, they would gradually regain their past life's memories. If they were strong enough in their present life, they might be able to maintain their current state. However, if they weren't strong enough, they might become their past life's self.
Was there a difference?
There was definitely a difference. Because once the past life's memories were restored, the person at that time would no longer be him!
The reason why Ye Xuan was still himself now was because she had blocked everything from his previous life. All the karmic threads from his previous life had basically landed on her.
Of course, this was only her guess. She was not sure if it was Ye Xuan's doing in his previous life, or if someone else was doing it, or if he was doing it himself, or if someone was helping him …
Regardless of the reason, she was certain that Ye Xuan's identity was not simple. In fact, it was becoming more and more complicated.
Before this, what gave her a headache was that the Disaster Cause had been lurking in the dark, leaving her powerless.
But now, the Cause of Disaster could no longer hold back!
When she thought up to here, the woman in a plain dress put away the wooden doll, and then she turned around to glance below. At this glance, she directly saw the mysterious woman from the Hallowed Grounds, and she had an expressionless face. "A bunch of ants. If it wasn't for the fact that you're his mother, I would have killed you a long time ago!
Are you even worthy of showing off your intelligence? "
After saying that, she entered the blood-red door.
In fact, the mysterious woman from the Hallowed Grounds did not know that the woman in a plain dress wanted to make a move against the Disaster Cause even more than she did …
If the Disaster Cause did not make a move and kept hiding, she really could not do anything to it. But if the Disaster Cause made a move and let her know where the Disaster Cause was, then it would be different.
After the woman in a plain dress disappeared, the blood-red door in the starry sky slowly became illusory. After a while, it disappeared, and the surrounding starry sky also returned to normal.
....
In the Hallowed Grounds, the mysterious woman in the bamboo house suddenly raised her head.
After being silent for a long time, she softly said, "No, they might not have gone far. We have to wait a little longer. We can't rush …"
After saying that, she lowered her head and continued to read the ancient book.
At this moment, the Sacred Master's voice came from outside the door. "Master, the people from the Desolate North have already gone to the Fifth Dimension!"
The woman nodded. "I know."
The Sacred Master hesitated for a moment, then said, "Will the Desolate North ally with the Fifth Dimension?"
The woman shook her head. "They wouldn't dare."
The Sacred Master was somewhat puzzled. "Why?"
The woman smiled and said, "They won't want to get involved in this mess!"
The Sacred Master said in a deep voice. "But if they know that this is a conspiracy of yours, Master …"
The woman shook her head and smiled. "As long as Ye Xuan absorbs those souls, it will be fine. Those souls are evil causes.
Although I forced him to absorb them, he still benefited from it.
As for the Desolate North, the Sacred Envoy doesn't represent the entire Desolate North. Moreover, as long as there are enough benefits, the Desolate North will kill Ye Xuan. "
Although the Sacred Master still had some doubts in his heart, he didn't ask anymore. Instead, he quietly retreated.
Outside the bamboo forest, the Sacred Master sighed.
He knew that his master must have some big plan. Recently, some extremely powerful auras appeared in the Hallowed Grounds. However, he didn't know who these people were, and he didn't dare to ask.
...
Ye Xuan returned to the Fifth Dimension. Somewhere in the cultivation room, Ye Xuan opened his right hand and slowly clenched it. In an instant, a powerful force condensed in his right hand!
Life Fist!
He had to admit that the power of this Life Fist was very powerful. However, he knew that even if he burned one thousand years of his life, the Life Fist would not be able to do anything to that woman.
Ye Xuan slowly loosened his right hand.
This was the first time he felt so powerless!
Although he had many enemies in the past, and they were all powerful, they were completely incomparable to this mysterious woman. Now, he felt that the woman was in control of everything.
The biggest disadvantage was that the woman knew everything about him, while he didn't know much about her!
As if he had thought of something, Ye Xuan suddenly opened his hands, and a mysterious force suddenly overflowed from his body.
The power of faith!
At this moment, his power of faith was unprecedentedly powerful!
This was because it could be said that he had gathered the power of faith of the entire Fifth Dimension. Moreover, this power of faith was very pure.
It could be said that this power of faith would increase his strength to an extremely terrifying level.
However, his use of the power of faith was very simple and crude. That was to use it to forcibly increase his own strength!
Domain!
Ye Xuan suddenly displayed his sword domain. His sword domain directly enveloped the entire cultivation room. After the sword domain appeared, he crazily released his power of faith. Endless power of faith entered his sword domain.
Excitement gradually appeared in Ye Xuan's eyes.
Because he noticed that the sword domain was actually undergoing a transformation when the power of faith entered it!
As if he'd thought of something, Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Condense!"
As soon as he finished speaking, a sword suddenly appeared in his hand. It was an illusory sword!
It was a sword condensed from the power of faith he'd condensed!
Ye Xuan held the sword in his hand and slowly closed his eyes. At this moment, his sword domain had undergone a tremendous transformation.
The sword domain that was supported by the power of faith and the sword Dao Yi was countless times stronger than his original sword domain. Moreover, he was able to increase the effects of the power of faith to its limits within this sword domain. Moreover, he could even utilize this sword domain to improve the might of his Sword Dao!
The power of faith could strengthen the sword domain, and the sword domain could strengthen his Sword Dao!
Ye Xuan clenched his fists tightly.
He looked into the distance with the sword of faith in his hand. At this moment, he really wanted to slash out. The power of this sword would definitely destroy the world.
However, this was the Fifth Dimension. Naturally, he couldn't use his sword. If he did, it would severely damage the origin of the Fifth Dimension!
Ye Xuan put away his sword and continued to ponder the power of faith and sword domain.
He originally wanted to rush to the Consolidation Realm. However, he felt that he should stabilize his current realm. After all, he'd just reached the Dao Attainment Realm not long ago.
As for his physical body, it hadn't been long since he'd reached the Consolidation Realm. It would be very difficult to improve it again.
Since he couldn't improve his realm and physical body, he would improve his Sword Dao and sword domain!
Especially the sword domain. He didn't know when it started, but he rarely used it. Against ordinary enemies, he didn't even need to use the sword domain. He could instantly kill them with one strike!
However, against some enemies, the sword domain was completely useless. For example, against that mysterious woman, the sword domain was completely useless!
And that woman's words made him understand that it wasn't that the sword domain was weak, but that he hadn't developed it yet!
In the following time, Ye Xuan began to study the sword domain and the power of faith. Not only that, but he also studied the sword of instant death. With the blessing of the sword domain and the power of faith, the power of the sword of instant death could also be greatly enhanced. Especially in the space covered by the sword domain, the speed of the sword of instant death was already indescribable … It could be said that the speed was so fast that even he couldn't resist it.
The power of faith and sword domain allowed Ye Xuan to discover a new continent.
In the blink of an eye, one month passed.
During this month, Ye Xuan hid in the cultivation room every day. As for the matters of the Fifth Dimension, he was relieved that Bai Dizi and the others were handling it. Moreover, Bai Dizi and the others didn't disturb him.
Apart from cultivating, Ye Xuan had been reading books for the past month!
He read the ancient books that Nian Nian had collected!
Not only that, he also asked Bai Dizi to collect all the books related to the sword path in the Fifth Dimension, especially those from the Sword Sect.
Just as the white-robed Qing 'er said, his current sword path had reached its end. He could only walk the next path by himself. However, if he wanted to walk his own path, learning was indispensable.
He wanted to improve his attainments in the Sword Dao to the next level!
During this time, there was no movement from the Sacred Domain.
On this day, the Sacred Master came to the bamboo house. The Sacred Master glanced inside the bamboo house and saw that there were two women inside.
The Sacred Master bowed slightly. "Master, that Ye Xuan seems to be cultivating crazily!"
The mysterious woman said with a smile, "Let him be!"
The Sacred Master hesitated for a moment and then said, "Master, aren't you worried?"
The mysterious woman said, "You can leave!"
The Sacred Master didn't dare to say anything else and immediately left.
...
Inside the bamboo house, the mysterious woman looked at the woman in front of her. The woman was wearing an emerald green dress and there were a few broken leaves in her hair.
The mysterious woman said with a smile, "Tree Boundless, you are too anxious!"
Tree Boundless' expression was cold. "She has already left!
Are you still not going to act? "
The mysterious woman shook her head. "Not enough, because I can still feel a trace of her aura …"
Tree Boundless suddenly asked, "What if she comes back?"
The mysterious woman was silent.
Tree Boundless looked at the woman. "You have thought about this problem, right?"
The mysterious woman said softly, "She will not come back."
Tree Boundless frowned slightly. "Why?"
The mysterious woman said with a smile, "In her eyes, you and I are both ants."
.....








Chapter 1492
Ants!
Tree Boundless was silent.
How strong was that woman?
She had personally experienced it!
So strong that it made people feel despair!
In this world, who could suppress the plain-dressed woman?
No one!
Even the green-robed man could only fight against the plain-dressed woman, but if the plain-dressed woman went crazy, the green-robed man could not stop her.
In the eyes of that woman, apart from a few people, who was not an ant?
In front of Tree Boundless, the mysterious woman suddenly smiled and said, "Of course, if she comes back, it is also a good thing."
Tree Boundless looked at the mysterious woman and asked, "What do you mean?"
The mysterious woman smiled and said, "The reason why Ye Xuan can live so comfortably now is because she is at the front. If she returns to Ye Xuan's side, who will be at the front?
Of course, she can always stay by Ye Xuan's side, but if she stays by Ye Xuan's side, Ye Xuan will never be able to grow.
The path of the Great Dao is walked by oneself. This is also the reason why she left Ye Xuan, because she wants Ye Xuan to grow on his own. "
Saying that, she shook her head and smiled, "In her heart, the enemies of this universe, including us, are all Ye Xuan's whetstones."
Tree Boundless' expression was somewhat cold, "She is so confident!"
The mysterious woman said softly, "She is indeed very confident, but she has the strength."
Saying that, she turned to look at the horizon, "I hope that the Cause of Disaster is not so weak, otherwise … how can others play with it?"
Tree Boundless asked, "In your opinion, does the Cause of Disaster have a chance of winning?"
The mysterious woman nodded, "Yes!"
Tree Boundless asked, "Why do you think so?"
The mysterious woman said softly, "That's because the two of them weren't able to stop this Disaster Cause back then … You have to understand that whether it's the azure-clothed man or the plain-dressed woman, they can only destroy, but they can't create. This Disaster Cause is far, far too deep.
Most importantly, if the source of this Cause of Disaster is Ye Xuan himself, then this matter will be too interesting.
At that time, should she kill or not?
The reason why she hasn't forcefully cut off the Cause of Calamity on Ye Xuan is also because of this! "
Tree Boundless asked solemnly, "What do you plan to do next?"
The mysterious woman raised the teacup and took a light sip, and then she said softly, "Wait!"
Tree Boundless frowned. "How much longer do we have to wait?"
The mysterious woman smiled and said, "We've waited for so many years. There's no need to rush, right?"
Tree Boundless was silent.
The mysterious woman suddenly asked, "How's the contact?"
Tree Boundless said calmly, "Your seduction worked!
More and more people join us!
However, you have to remember one thing. If that woman or that man comes back, everything we've done will be meaningless. "
The mysterious woman nodded, "Even if that man wanted to come back, he wouldn't be able to do so immediately.
What we really need to be careful of is slaughtering them … "
Tree Boundless nodded. "As long as that woman doesn't come back."
At this point, she suddenly looked at the mysterious woman. "By the way, what level have you reached?
Why can't I sense your realm? "
The mysterious woman smiled slightly, "We're not enemies, you don't need to worry."
Tree Boundless said calmly, "I'm just curious!"
The mysterious woman smiled and said, "A little higher than you think!"
Tree Boundless frowned slightly, but she didn't ask any more questions.
At this time, the mysterious woman suddenly said, "We have to be careful of someone!"
Tree Boundless asked, "Who?"
The mysterious woman dipped her finger into the tea, and then wrote a name on the table.
Tree Boundless frowned slightly, "He's here?"
The mysterious woman nodded, "He should be here."
Tree Boundless said, "I'll deal with him!"
The mysterious woman smiled and said, "No, you have to deal with something else."
Tree Boundless looked at the mysterious woman, "Tell me your plan!"
The mysterious woman said softly, "When that woman is a little further away, when I can't sense her, we'll make the Disaster Cause on Ye Xuan materialize … At that time, besides the Three Swords, whoever helps him will suffer the wrath of Heaven!"
Tree Boundless said, "Alright!"
Saying so, she stood up and left.
The mysterious woman looked at the teacup in front of her, and after a long time, she said softly, "Even if I'm an ant trying to shake a tree, I still want to try …"
Saying so, she took out a white silk handkerchief, and on the handkerchief, there was a small footprint.
Looking at the handkerchief in her hand, a trace of pain flashed in her eyes, "Why should you die … Why?
Because he has an invincible little sister?
Don't worry, I'll make him pay the price. "
Those were her son's footprints. However, she had never even seen her son's face. That was because the calamity had descended upon her, and her soul had almost been destroyed. When she had woken up, only one of her two children was left!
No, at that time, there was another person, and that was Tian Ming!
After recalling the past, the killing intent in the mysterious woman's eyes became more and more ferocious …
...
In the Five Dimensional Universe.
Ye Xuan didn't pay attention to the outside world, and every day, he only focused on cultivating.
The current him had perfectly fused the Sword Domain and the power of faith!
The power of faith supported the Sword Domain, and the Sword Domain supported the Way of the Sword. With the perfect combination of the two powers, it could be said that his current Sword Domain was completely different from before!
Apart from that, he had also developed the Blood Domain!
The combination of bloodline power and the Blood Domain!
He found that his bloodline power could greatly increase his Blood Domain, and it could make his blood reach a qualitative change!
The most important thing in the Blood Domain was blood!
Before this, he had actually neglected this problem!
The Blood Domain, of course, needed blood!
The only pity was that he couldn't activate the Crazy Demon Bloodline, because the Crazy Demon Bloodline's destructive power was stronger than the Immortal Bloodline. If the Crazy Demon Bloodline was combined with the Blood Domain, the power of the Blood Domain would become even stronger!
Apart from that, he found that when he used the Blood Domain, the more blood there was, the stronger the Blood Domain would become!
In addition, the Death Domain needed Death Qi. A Death Domain with Death Qi and a Death Domain without Death Qi were two completely different domains. However, the power of the Death Domain couldn't be compared to the Blood Domain and the Sword Domain, because he didn't have too much Death Qi. Unless he killed too many people and used millions of yin spirits and Death Qi to stabilize the domain … However, this situation was very rare!
As for the Dark Domain, he found that the power of the Dark Domain would be greatly enhanced in the shattered space. He could use all kinds of dark matter to strengthen the Dark Domain. It should be said that when he used the Dark Domain, he could use the Dark Domain to forcibly absorb all the dark matter energy in the surroundings!
How much dark matter energy was there between heaven and earth?
Especially in the starry sky, the dark matter energy could be said to be endless!
In short, in the past month or so, Ye Xuan had gained a lot, especially in the use of the four Domains. In this aspect, he had improved a lot. Now, the four Domains were no longer useless to him, but a great killer move.
Inside the hall, Ye Xuan and An Lanxiu sat facing each other. During this period of time, An Lanxiu had always been with him, and the two of them were discussing. Moreover, he had already imparted Life Fist to An Lanxiu!
What made him a little dumbfounded was that even if An Lanxiu didn't have a powerful body, she could still cultivate the Life Fist. However, her Life Fist was different from his. Moreover, she didn't burn her lifespan!
Rather than saying that she cultivated the Life Fist, it would be better to say that she was drawing on the Life Fist.
In this aspect of the Martial Dao, An Lanxiu's talent was really too terrifying.
An Lanxiu looked at Ye Xuan, "You want to change the Life Fist into the Life Sword?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Yes.
I had this idea a long time ago!
The Life Fist's power is extremely strong. If it can be fused with my Instant Kill Sword, then its power will definitely reach a very terrifying level! "
An Lanxiu said in a deep voice, "Difficult!"
An Lanxiu said in a deep voice, "Difficult!"
Ye Xuan smiled, "I know!"
What was the Instant Kill Sword particular about?
It was speed and that instant of explosive force!
The Life Fist was also particular about explosive force. If these two types of explosive force could be fused together, then the might would absolutely be able to destroy the heavens and the earth.
However, this was extremely difficult because the might of the Life Fist was too great, and the speed and strength of the Instant Kill Sword had reached a limit. This wasn't a combination of strength and softness, but a fusion of strength and strength. So, the difficulty wasn't ordinary.
An Lanxiu suddenly said, "However, it isn't impossible!"
Ye Xuan looked at An Lanxiu, "What do you mean?"
An Lanxiu looked at Ye Xuan, "Domain!"
Ye Xuan was stunned when he heard this, and then he suddenly came to his senses, "Right!
I can use my Domain to suppress these two forces and prevent them from going out of control! "
An Lanxiu nodded, "Your Faith Energy combined with your Sword Domain should be able to suppress the formidable strength of these two martial techniques. Moreover, your body is sufficiently strong to be able to support these two forces!
However, you have to pay attention to the problem after executing this sword strike. If you're directly paralyzed after executing this sword strike, then I feel that such a fusion wouldn't have much meaning!
Moreover, after the fusion, if the speed of execution is unable to attain the speed of the Instant Kill Sword, then it would be meaningless as well. "
Ye Xuan fell silent.
He knew what An Lanxiu meant. No matter if it was researching Domains or sword techniques, their imaginary enemy was that mysterious woman!
Simply speaking, if he were to face the mysterious woman, then he only had the chance to execute a single sword strike, and this sword strike didn't just have to be swift, it had to be strong as well!
In other words, the current speed of the Instant Kill Sword wasn't sufficient. Not only was its speed insufficient, its strength was far from sufficient. Moreover, if he were to fuse the Life Fist with the Instant Kill Sword, then even if his strength was sufficient, it would be useless if his speed wasn't sufficient!
Because he might be killed by the mysterious woman at the instant he executed his sword strike!
That woman wasn't stupid, and if she sensed danger, then she would absolutely not give him the chance to execute his sword strike!
An Lanxiu said, "You can give it a try now!"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Enter the pagoda!"
As he spoke, he and An Lanxiu entered the World Prison Pagoda.
Only by cultivating in the pagoda would he be able to satisfy that mysterious woman.
Within the World Prison Pagoda, Ye Xuan stood silently, his right hand grasping the Unparalleled Sword. His lifespan began to burn, and at the instant he did so, a powerful force suddenly condensed in his right arm …
The energy of lifespan!
Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes, continuing to burn his lifespan. In just a moment, he had burned nearly 50 years of his lifespan, and at this moment, the sword in his hand began to tremble violently. Although he was constantly using the Sword Domain and Faith Energy to suppress it, this force was truly too strong, and he found it difficult to control.
After a long time, Ye Xuan suddenly opened his eyes and looked at An Lanxiu, "I can't use my sword!"
An Lanxiu frowned, "You can't use your sword?"
Ye Xuan nodded, his expression solemn, "The force is too strong, it has already surpassed my control."
An Lanxiu fell silent.
Ye Xuan sighed softly, feeling slightly regretful, but he didn't intend to give up. If it was so easy to fuse, then it would be too much of a joke.
Ye Xuan began to slowly release the force. He decided to make it simpler and not burn so much of his lifespan. He would do it bit by bit. Although this would consume a little of his lifespan, if he could fuse it, then it would absolutely be worth it.
While Ye Xuan was cultivating, the space on the 9th floor suddenly trembled. Ye Xuan and An Lanxiu who were cultivating suddenly raised their heads to look at the 9th floor. In the next moment, the two of them appeared on the 9th floor, and in the 9th floor, space suddenly split open and a black object floated out. When they saw this object, Ye Xuan and An Lanxiu were stunned.
.....
PS: Please praise me!
Let me be lost in your praises!








Chapter 1493
Pagoda!
In front of the two of them was a Xiao Ta. This Xiao Ta was different from the World Prison Pagoda. This Xiao Ta was emitting a purple light, and this purple light was somewhat similar to his purple aura!
Ye Xuan turned to look at An Lanxiu. Both of them had a trace of shock in their eyes.
There was a Xiao Ta in this pagoda?
What was this?
At this moment, that Xiao Ta floated in front of Ye Xuan. It bounced in front of Ye Xuan, as if it was sizing up Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan hesitated, and asked, "You are?"
The Xiao Ta suddenly laughed, "Xiao Ta!"
Ye Xuan's mouth twitched. Damn, this Xiao Ta could speak.
Xiao Ta suddenly said, "You seem to be very confused?"
Ye Xuan sized up Xiao Ta, "You are?"
Xiao Ta laughed, "I am Xiao Ta!"
Ye Xuan's expression froze, this motherf * cker …
At this moment, Xiao Ta suddenly swayed from side to side, as if it was very happy.
Ye Xuan asked, "Xiao Ta, why are you in this pagoda?"
Xiao Ta floated in front of Ye Xuan, and said with a smile, "Master placed me here, saying that I should assist you."
Ye Xuan blinked, "Assist me?"
Xiao Ta nodded, "Yes!"
Ye Xuan was a little confused, "Who is your master?"
Xiao Ta said, "My master is my master!"
Ye Xuan held his forehead, he was having a headache.
At this moment, An Lanxiu suddenly asked, "What is your master called?"
Xiao Ta laughed, "You want to know my master's identity?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Yes."
Xiao Ta suddenly bounced, "Is there any benefit?"
"Benefits?"
Ye Xuan and An Lanxiu were both stunned. This pagoda wanted benefits?
Xiao Ta suddenly said, "Of course there must be benefits!
Why should I tell you if I won't give you any benefits? "
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "Didn't I ask you to assist me?"
Xiao Ta stopped. "Who said that?"
Ye Xuan stared at Xiao Ta. "You said it yourself!"
Xiao Ta quickly shook his head, "No!
I never said that!
You must have heard wrong! "
Ye Xuan was dumbfounded. Damn it, this guy actually didn't want to admit it?
An Lanxiu's expression was also somewhat odd. Why was this Xiao Ta so flowery?
Ye Xuan suddenly asked, "What benefits do you want?"
Xiao Ta chuckled. "I don't know either. You decide. As long as I like it, it's fine!"
Ye Xuan thought for a moment, then said with a smile, "I feel that you definitely won't be interested in ordinary treasures, right?"
Small Tower hurriedly nodded. "Of course, you can't use trash to trick me. Let me tell you, I know several hundred ways to trick people. Trying to trick me in front of me, you will only be asking to be humiliated!"
Ye Xuan, "…"
At this moment, a sword suddenly flew in front of Ye Xuan.
Sword Spirit!
Ye Xuan was just about to speak when Sword Spirit directly slashed at Xiao Ta.
Bang!
Xiao Ta trembled violently and directly jumped out!
Ye Xuan, "…"
In the distance, Xiao Ta wailed, "Wow, Sister Sword Spirit, you're here too!"
The Sword Spirit flew back in front of Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan opened his palm and the Sword Spirit landed in his hand. In the distance, Xiao Ta was shivering.
Ye Xuan glanced at Xiao Ta. This Xiao Ta was afraid of the Sword Spirit!
Ye Xuan held his sword and walked in front of Xiao Ta. Xiao Ta hurriedly said, "You … don't mess around!
Violence is useless. Let's talk this out! "
The corner of Ye Xuan's mouth twitched. This guy was quite flexible.
Ye Xuan
He smiled and said, "I won't mess around!
Like I want to ask you some questions. Can you answer me? "
Xiao Ta was silent.
The little friend suddenly held the sword and lightly patted his palm. At this moment, Xiao Ta hurriedly said, "Master is Sister Sword Spirit's Master!"
Ye Xuan was slightly stunned. He looked at the sword in his hand and understood!
This Xiao Ta's Master was the green-robed man!
The green-robed man left for him was Xiao Ta?
Ye Xuan collected his thoughts and continued to ask, "Your Master left you for me?"
Xiao Ta nodded but quickly shook his head.
The corner of Ye Xuan's mouth twitched. "What do you mean?"
Lil 'Pagoda stuttered …
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "If you want to leave, I won't stop you!"
Xiao Ta suddenly jumped up. "Really?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Xiao Ta turned and ran.
Ye Xuan: "…"
At this moment, a sword suddenly blocked in front of him. It was the Sword Spirit!
The Sword Spirit fiercely slashed at Xiao Ta. Xiao Ta hurriedly dodged and begged, "Sister Sword Spirit, don't hit me. Don't hit me. I won't leave!
I really won't leave!
I will be honest … "
Ye Xuan: "…"
After slashing for a long time, the Sword Spirit stopped. Xiao Ta hid in a corner and looked a little pitiful.
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Can we have a good talk?"
Xiao Ta felt a little wronged and said, "You asked me to leave. I didn't leave on my own."
Ye Xuan shook his head and smiled. "What did your Master leave you for me to do?"
Xiao Ta said, "To help you!"
Ye Xuan frowned slightly. "To help me?"
Xiao Ta nodded. "Yes."
Ye Xuan was a little curious. "What can you help me with?"
Xiao Ta suddenly jumped up. "I can help you a lot!"
Ye Xuan asked, "For example?"
Xiao Ta was speechless.
Ye Xuan shook his head and smiled. "It seems that you are a mascot. You can play by yourself!
We are leaving! "
After saying that, he and An Lanxiu were about to leave.
At this moment, Xiao Ta suddenly trembled. In the next moment, countless purple qi appeared in the tower.
Ye Xuan was stunned. He glanced at the purple qi and was a little shocked. This purple qi was so pure!
At this moment, Xiao Ta suddenly said, "This is Primordial Purple Qi. It is only inferior to Little White's purple qi. If you use my purple qi to cultivate, your cultivation speed can increase by more than several times!
In addition, my purple qi also has a powerful recovery ability! "
Ye Xuan and An Lanxiu looked at each other. Both of their eyes were filled with shock. This purple qi was not ordinary purple qi. If they used it to cultivate, it shouldn't be difficult for them to reach the Consolidation Realm.
At this moment, Xiao Ta said again, "I still have some treasures."
Ye Xuan hurriedly asked, "What treasures?"
Xiao Ta jumped up and down. He was very proud. "Many, many treasures. Hehe."
Ye Xuan: "…"
At this moment, An Lanxiu suddenly said, "Can you take it out for me to see?"
Xiao Ta hurriedly shook his head. "I should not show my wealth. If I take it out, you will be thinking about it!"
Ye Xuan was a little speechless. "Aren't we on the same side?
Why are you still guarding against us? "
Xiao Ta said, "Even blood brothers should settle accounts clearly!"
Ye Xuan: "…"
Xiao Ta suddenly said, "Your strength is a little weak. I suggest you increase your strength. Otherwise, you will be in great danger!"
Ye Xuan frowned slightly. "Danger?"
Xiao Ta nodded. "I can feel that something bad is about to happen. You better increase your strength quickly.
Increase your strength! "
Ye Xuan fell silent. Could it be that woman is about to make a move?
During this period of time, that woman has not made a move. This is very abnormal.
At this moment, Xiao Ta suddenly said, "Can I go out and play?"
Ye Xuan glanced at Xiao Ta. Xiao Ta giggled. "I won't run around. I will come back after playing for a while!"
As he said this, an ancient book suddenly floated in front of Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan asked, "This is?"
Xiao Ta hurriedly said, "Sword Drawing Technique. This is the Sword Drawing Technique that Master improved. Take it and cultivate!"
Sword Drawing Technique!
Ye Xuan took the ancient book. He opened it and very quickly, his expression became solemn. This Sword Drawing Technique was very different from the one that the green-clothed man gave him!
Ye Xuan kept the ancient book and looked at Xiao Ta. "Go and play!"
Xiao Ta suddenly cheered. He directly turned into a purple light and disappeared in the Prison Pagoda.
Inside the Prison Pagoda, Ye Xuan looked at the ancient book in front of him and said softly, "This Sword Skill is suitable for frontal attacks. Moreover, this Sword Skill focuses on breaking the surface with a single point … It has the meaning of 'One Sword Breaks Ten Thousand Techniques'. It can be used for both offense and defense!"
An Lanxiu said, "You should first fuse your Instant Death Sword with Life Fist!"
Ye Xuan nodded. He still wanted to fuse Life Fist with Instant Death Sword first. As for this Sword Drawing Technique, it is not that difficult to cultivate. He can temporarily take it slow.
In the following time, Ye Xuan began to study the Instant Death Sword and Life Fist. An Lanxiu did not leave and continued to help in the pagoda.
As for that Xiao Ta, Ye Xuan was particularly speechless towards this Xiao Ta. Because this Xiao Ta has already gone somewhere!
But fortunately, the Sword Spirit chased after him!
....
Northern Wilderness.
In front of the stone tablet, the Divine Envoy sat cross-legged on the ground. Behind her were Ge Yao and the others. At this moment, there are more people than before!
There are more than a hundred people. The aura of these people, including themselves, is much stronger than before.
Obviously, the long period of hibernation has caused their strength to decline. Now, their strength is slowly recovering to the peak.
At this moment, the Divine Envoy suddenly opened her eyes. A woman suddenly appeared in front of her. It is the mysterious woman from the Sacred Ground.
Seeing the mysterious woman, Ge Yao and the others behind the Divine Envoy suddenly became gloomy.
It is this woman again!
The mysterious woman looked at the Divine Envoy and said with a smile, "We meet again!"
The Divine Envoy asked, "What is it?"
The mysterious woman nodded, "I want to talk to you about a great opportunity. I wonder if you are interested?"
The Divine Envoy said, "Cooperate with you to deal with that young Ye Xuan?"
The mysterious woman said with a smile, "Smart!
You guessed it right! "
The Divine Envoy shook her head, "That young man is not simple. The people behind him are not simple either. We will not cooperate with you!"
The mysterious woman blinked, "Can you represent the entire Northern Wilderness?"
The Divine Envoy said, "Now I can!"
Saying so, she looked at the mysterious woman, "We will not be used by you!"
The mysterious woman said with a smile, "That is because there are not enough benefits!"
The Divine Envoy frowned, "Even if you give us benefits, we will not team up with you."
The mysterious woman smirked, "That may not be true."
Saying so, she opened her palm and a black box appeared in her hand. She opened the box. When she saw the item in the black box, her eyes suddenly narrowed, "You …"
The mysterious woman smiled and did not speak. Instead, she turned to look at the stone tablet not far away. At this moment, a voice came from the stone tablet, "We can talk."
.....








Chapter 1494
Let's talk!
Hearing the voice, the mysterious woman smiled. "Then let's talk!"
Not far away, the Holy Messenger was silent.
Her gaze was fixed on the box in the mysterious woman's hand. At this moment, her heart was like a raging storm, and she was extremely shocked.
A voice came from the stone tablet. "How did you get this item?"
The mysterious woman blinked and smiled. "I picked it up!"
The voice from the stone tablet fell silent.
Picked it up?
No one believed it.
The mysterious woman suddenly smiled. "I don't like to talk nonsense, so I'll be straightforward.
You guys help me deal with Ye Xuan. To be exact, you just need to help me stall three people. Once you stall them, this thing will be yours. "
The voice from the stone tablet said, "That young man's background is not simple!"
The mysterious woman smiled. "I'm not simple either!"
The voice was silent.
The mysterious woman smiled. "Take your time to think about it!"
Then, she turned and left.
The voice from the stone tablet suddenly said, "I agree!"
The mysterious woman smiled. "Wait for my notice!"
After saying that, she disappeared.
The Saint walked to the stone tablet and whispered, "Supreme Goddess, that young man has the Constitution of Adversity. He's not simple. This …"
The voice from the stone tablet said again, "That's the Black Heaven and Earth Temple … We can't refuse her!"
The Saint fell silent.
The Black Heaven and Earth Temple!
The number one treasure of the prehistoric era!
The true number one treasure came from before the birth of this universe. It was an artifact but not an artifact. It existed forever and was indestructible.
There were six ancient characters inside: Dao, Life, Death, Kindness, Evil, and Calamity.
Apart from that, the number one treasure of the Northern Wilderness Tribe, the Northern Wilderness Martial Scripture, came from the Black Heaven and Earth Temple.
There were countless secrets in the Black Heaven and Earth Temple!
The Black Heaven and Earth Temple might contain an unknown era's inheritance, civilization, and treasures.
The Black Heaven and Earth Temple used to be in the hands of the Northern Wilderness Tribe. But then, the prehistoric era changed and the item disappeared.
But now, it had appeared again!
The Saint asked softly, "Why is that item in her hands?"
The Supreme Goddess said, "I don't know.
However, based on the current situation, she probably doesn't know exactly what this item is. Otherwise, she would definitely not use this item to make a trade. "
The Saint Envoy said in a low voice, "Exalted Deity, it's not normal for this woman to have this item.
Moreover, that young man, Ye Xuan, has a special background. If our clan becomes enemies with him, then I'm afraid we'll be tainted with some bad karma, and it might even bring about a calamity to our clan. "
The supreme deity in the stone tablet was silent.
The Divine Envoy continued, "The Temple of Heaven and Earth is naturally important to our tribe. However, have you ever thought about how powerful and intelligent this woman is? She is trying to sow discord and use all kinds of tricks to make us become enemies with that Young Master Ye. What does this mean?
It meant that she was afraid of the person behind that young man!
I've also investigated this person. There's an extremely powerful expert following her, and there are also several mysterious women behind her. These people are not simple! "
Then, she looked at the stone tablet. "This woman wants us to be cannon fodder!"
Inside the stone tablet, the Great Deity suddenly said, "I want to see this person!"
The Divine Envoy said, "Should I invite him?"
The Exalted Deity said, "There's no need, I'll meet him personally!"
The Divine Envoy was stunned for a moment before nodding. "Alright!"
...
Sacred Ground, inside the bamboo house.
After the mysterious woman returned to the bamboo house, she placed the black box on the bamboo table.
In front of the mysterious woman was Tree Boundless.
Tree Boundless looked at the black box. "Does the Northern Wilderness care about this box?"
The mysterious woman smiled. "They care about the item inside the box!"
Tree Boundless asked, "What is it?"
The mysterious woman smiled. "A very ancient item!"
Tree Boundless looked at the mysterious woman. "You're not interested?"
The mysterious woman shook her head. "At my level, other treasures or martial arts inheritances are no longer attractive to me."
Tree Boundless looked at the black box curiously. "How did you get this item?"
The mysterious woman smiled. "That little white guy touched it and I traded it for two candied haws!"
Hearing that, Tree Boundless' expression turned strange.
That little white guy!
Of course, she knew who the mysterious woman was talking about!
She knew that the little white guy was playful and gluttonous, but she did not expect that he would sell such a precious item for two candied haws!
What a wastrel!
Tree Boundless shook his head.
Suddenly, the mysterious woman said, "I'm going out for a while!"
Tree Boundless looked at the mysterious woman. "Are you going to make a move?"
The mysterious woman shook her head. "Wait until that woman is far away!"
Tree Boundless nodded. "That's true!"
If that woman came back, everything they had done would be for naught!
No one could stop that woman head-on!
As if thinking of something, Tree Boundless suddenly asked, "Ye Xuan seems to be cultivating!"
The mysterious woman smiled. "Let him cultivate!
After all, we don't have much time left. "
She put away the black box and left.
Tree Boundless suddenly asked, "Do you look down on him that much?"
The mysterious woman stopped and shook her head. "It's not that I look down on him. On the contrary, I admire him. Among my peers, there are not many who can compare to him.
But we are from the same generation as his father. If we can't even beat him, then we have lived all these years in vain. "
Having said that, she opened the bamboo door and walked out.
Inside the hall, Tree Boundless was silent.
That era!
At that moment, she thought of that woman again!
That woman in a plain dress!
That woman who had suppressed countless eras. In front of that woman, countless giants of the past paled in fear!
...
In the Five-Dimensional Universe.
Inside the World Prison Pagoda, Ye Xuan sat on the ninth floor. His eyes were closed, and his sword domain enveloped the entire World Prison Pagoda. In front of him was the Unparalleled Sword!
After an unknown amount of time, Ye Xuan once again grasped the Unparalleled Sword.
Bang!
A powerful force suddenly shook the pagoda, causing the surrounding walls to tremble.
Ye Xuan tightly gripped the Unparalleled Sword. Within his right hand was an endless amount of lifespan.
This time, he burned 50 years of his lifespan!
Ye Xuan stared at the Unparalleled Sword in his hand. Although the sword domain was suppressing him, the power contained within the sword was too great. At this moment, the ninth floor was shaking violently. If not for the dao laws suppressing him, this pagoda would not have been able to withstand his current strength.
His current strength was already a bit abnormal.
On the side, An Lanxiu looked at Ye Xuan, "Can you use the sword?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "I can now!"
As he spoke, he slowly raised the Unparalleled Sword. This sword, he could swing it!
However, the speed was not enough!
The power of this sword far exceeded the power of the Instant Death Sword. It could be said to be several times more powerful. However, the speed was definitely not as fast as the Instant Death Sword!
At this moment …
An Lanxiu suddenly said, "There are pros and cons!"
Ye Xuan nodded. The power and speed of the Instant Death Sword had actually reached the limit of his physical body. If the Instant Death Sword fused with his Life Fist, unless his physical body reached the God Realm, it would be very difficult for him to increase his speed!
Ye Xuan sighed softly and began to slowly release the power within the sword.
During this period of time, in order to fuse the Life Fist with the Instant Death Sword, he had burned more than 200 years of his lifespan. However, he still could not achieve his ideal state!
This was because the Unparalleled Sword could no longer increase his speed. This meant that he had truly reached his own limit.
On the other hand, without that speed, this sword of his would absolutely not be able to pose any threat to that woman!
She wouldn't just stand there and let him slash her!
Meanwhile, An Lanxiu spoke in a light voice, "Just do your best!"
Ye Xuan gazed at An Lanxiu and smiled, "Right!
Just do your best!
If you really can't defeat her, then it can't be helped. "
An Lanxiu nodded. "This sword of yours has no chance of winning against that woman. However, there aren't many in this world that can withstand this sword of yours."
The might of the Life Fist combined with the Instant Death Sword was extraordinarily terrifying when two explosive martial techniques were fused.
Ye Xuan nodded. He glanced at the Unparalleled Sword in his hand and said, "This new sword technique shall be called the Life Sword!"
The Life Sword!
A sword strike that burned one's lifespan!
Ye Xuan put the Unparalleled Sword away, and then he withdrew the ancient scroll that Xiao Ta had given him.
The Sword Drawing Technique!
Ye Xuan flipped open the scroll, and he gazed at it for a long time before he spoke in a light voice, "What an amazing Sword Drawing Technique!"
An Lanxiu walked over to Ye Xuan, glanced at it, and said softly, "It really is extraordinary!"
Ye Xuan shook his head and laughed bitterly. "I think I need to consolidate my strength for a while!
I've been busy dealing with those enemies every single day, and I've neglected my own Sword Dao! "
His Sword Dao hadn't improved in a very, very long time!
His improvement was mainly in the aspect of his body, and he'd relied on external forces to improve his body. As for his Sword Dao, it had stagnated for a very long time.
Moreover, no one could help him in his future path of the Sword Dao. Because he'd already walked his own path, and what he had to do now was continue walking down it and not stay where he was!
At this moment, he recalled what the white robed Qing 'er had said!
The Unrestrained Sword Heart!
Actually, he'd always been unable to truly attain the Unrestrained Sword Heart because there were truly too many restraints in his heart!
In the beginning, it was only Ling 'er, then it was Big Sister Nian, and now it was the entire Fifth Dimension!
There were more and more restraints, and they were the kind that couldn't be cut off.
As for the Swordsman's sword, the fewer restraints there were, the faster and sharper his sword would be!
As he thought of this, Ye Xuan's brows suddenly furrowed.
Was this really the case?
A person must have faith in life.
What was his faith?
It was to protect the people by his side!
Responsibility!
If a man couldn't shoulder his responsibilities, could he still be considered a man?
Restraints?
To him, the entire Fifth Dimension was indeed a restraint, but it was also Ye Xuan's responsibility.
Since it was his responsibility, how could he talk about restraints?
Being heartless and giving up everything, could he really attain the Unrestrained Sword Heart?
Perhaps he could, but for Ye Xuan, it was impossible!
It was like a person abandoning his parents, wife, and children. This kind of person was indeed very free, because he didn't have any burdens. He was alone and free.
However, this kind of freedom wasn't what Ye Xuan wanted.
To him, what was the use of a sword?
It wasn't to seek invincibility!
Instead, it was to protect!
As he thought of this, many people suddenly appeared in Ye Xuan's mind. Ye Ling, An Lanxiu, Lian Wanli, Tuoba Yan, Xiao Qi, Xiao Dao, Aro, Mo Yunqi, Xiao Qi, everything in the Fifth Dimension … and Sister Nian …
Scenes of the past flashed through Ye Xuan's mind like lightning.
There were all kinds of ups and downs!
After a long time, Ye Xuan suddenly looked at the sword in his hand and smiled. "Qing'Er, I understand what you mean by the Unrestrained Sword Heart.
The Unrestrained Sword Heart doesn't mean abandoning everything, it doesn't mean being heartless or selfish … The Unrestrained Sword Heart means doing things with a clear conscience, being a person with a clear conscience, and being free with a clear conscience … "
As he thought of this, the Unparalleled Sword in his hand suddenly trembled, and the sword's cry never stopped.
Not only that, at this moment, all the swords in Ye Xuan's body trembled, even the sword at the top of the pagoda trembled slightly, as if responding …
...
PS: Give me a ticket if you have one!
One monthly ticket isn't much, you can't go to Singapore, one monthly ticket is nothing, anyone can afford it …








Chapter 1495
Inside the pagoda, Ye Xuan's eyes were closed.
At that moment, he had entered a very strange state.
Relaxed!
He suddenly felt extremely relaxed. This was a feeling that he had never felt before!
In the past, it was as if he had been imprisoned by shackles. There were shackles on his heart and thoughts, but now, those two shackles were gone.
His thoughts were clear, and he felt unprecedentedly relaxed!
At that moment, An Lanxiu suddenly asked, "Did you break through?"
Ye Xuan opened his eyes and smiled. "No, but I understand what true freedom is!"
As he said that, he looked at the Supreme Sword in his hand and chuckled. "Previously, I was always shackled by myself, and my sword was also shackled by me … But it won't happen in the future!"
The Supreme Sword in Ye Xuan's hand was still trembling as if it was responding.
This sword originally did not have a spirit, and it was just a sword. Of course, this sword was very special. After all, it came from the Milky Way Realm.
But now, this sword had a spirit of its own!
Ye Xuan had bestowed it with a spirit of its own!
The sword was extraordinary because of its master!
The current Ye Xuan already had the ability to change the sword.
The breakthrough in his state of mind made Ye Xuan look different. Previously, he was like a sword shackled by a scabbard. Although he was reserved, his hands and feet were tied, and he did not have the kind of momentum that could destroy thousands of enemies with one sword.
But now, he was like an unsheathed sword. Not only did he show off his sharpness, but he also had a domineering sword aura that made people feel intimidated.
At that moment, An Lanxiu felt that Ye Xuan was a Swordsman!
In fact, although Ye Xuan was a Swordsman, his combat strength was previously dependent on the power of his bloodline, his physical body, and the power of faith. It could be said that the reason why his combat strength was so strong was not because of his Sword Dao.
Apart from these few things, his combat strength was really not that great. Especially when he did not have a Dao Body, his combat strength could be said to be greatly reduced.
Could he easily kill a Godly State powerhouse by relying on Sword Dao alone?
Of course not!
Moreover, without the Dao Physique, he could at most fight one or two God State experts, but if he had the Dao Physique, even 10 God State experts wouldn't be able to do anything to him!
Rather than a Swordsman, it would be more accurate to say that he was a Physique Cultivator.
Moreover, even though he'd taken a new path in the Dao of the Sword, he hadn't taken it well. Because he hadn't gone far on this new path, and he'd remained stagnant.
Now that he was enlightened, he was finally like a real Swordsman!
Confidence in the way of the sword!
Of course, this was only the beginning!
Ye Xuan looked at the supreme sword in his hand and said with a smile, "This feeling is very wonderful!
It's like the feeling when I first learned the sword! "
An Lanxiu suddenly said, "Congratulations!"
Ye Xuan shook his head and smiled. "My path of the Sword Dao is still very long!"
Although his mental state had broken through, he couldn't be arrogant at all!
Why?
Because there were too many formidable Swordsman by his side!
Not to mention Qing 'er and the green clothed man, he couldn't even compare to Ting Yun now. There was also Big Sister Nian, and Big Sister Nian was a formidable Swordsman as well!
An Lanxiu suddenly said, "Try executing the Instakill Sword now!"
Ye Xuan looked at An Lanxiu. "Let's go somewhere else!"
An Lanxiu nodded.
Both of them directly vanished within the pagoda, and it wasn't long before they arrived in a deathly silent starry sky.
The two of them were 300m apart!
Ye Xuan looked at An Lanxiu. "Watch out!"
At the instant he finished speaking, a strand of sword light suddenly arrived between An Lanxiu's brows.
However, a spear had suddenly been pressed against Ye Xuan's chest.
In the distance, An Lanxiu shook her head. "I've lost!"
She was unable to resist this strike of Ye Xuan's. Even though her spear was extremely swift, but Ye Xuan had an advantage over her.
Xuan had an advantage over her, and that was her Daoist physique.
Ye Xuan's sword was able to kill her, but her spear was unable to kill Ye Xuan.
Compared to before, Ye Xuan's sword had already undergone a tremendous change. If he utilized external forces like the energy of faith, then she would be even more unable to fight him.
Ye Xuan looked at the sword in his hand. His current Instakill Sword was too much faster than before. Most importantly, its might was much stronger than before as well!
The breakthrough in his mental state this time had brought about a tremendous change to his Sword Dao.
At this moment, he finally felt that he was a Swordsman and not a body refiner.
As if he'd thought of something, Ye Xuan suddenly looked at An Lanxiu. "I'll defend if you attack me!"
As he spoke, he took out a sword sheath and placed the Supreme Sword into it.
An Lanxiu understood what Ye Xuan meant, and she immediately nodded. "Alright!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she suddenly vanished on the spot, and a speck of cold light appeared in front of Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan suddenly drew his sword and slashed!
Sword Drawing Technique!
An expanse of sword light suddenly erupted in front of Ye Xuan, and that speck of cold light was instantly drowned out by this expanse of sword light. But in the next moment, that expanse of sword light was directly shattered.
Bang!
Ye Xuan directly retreated explosively by 300m!
After he stopped, Ye Xuan looked at An Lanxiu. His Sword Drawing Technique utilized a single point to break through, whereas, An Lanxiu's spear strike utilized a single point to break through, and he hadn't gone all out!
Ye Xuan looked at An Lanxiu. "Again!"
An Lanxiu nodded, and then she tapped the tip of her foot lightly. In the next moment, an afterimage flashed to arrive before Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan held the hilt of his sword with his right hand, and then he suddenly drew it.
Om!
A sword howl shook the heavens and the earth!
His sword descended!
Rumble!
Along with an explosion, Ye Xuan's sword light was directly shattered. This time, Ye Xuan retreated by over 1km.
After he stopped, Ye Xuan gazed at the sword in his hand and went silent.
An Lanxiu didn't attack again.
After a long time, Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "I know what the problem is!
Imposing aura! "
As he spoke, his eyes slowly closed.
Imposing aura!
A person's imposing aura was extremely important, and his Sword Drawing Technique lacked precisely such an imposing aura.
In the past, he'd seen the green clothed man execute this sword technique, and that time was in the world below.
When the green clothed man executed this sword technique, that strike seemed as if it intended to slash the heavens apart.
When he thought of imposing aura, he thought of Qing 'er's Life and Death Decided with a Single Strike!
Death is inevitable with this strike of mine!
This sort of imposing aura was what he lacked the most.
When he thought up to here, Ye Xuan looked at An Lanxiu. But in next to no time, he became slightly helpless!
He wanted to be more ruthless, but how could he be ruthless towards An Lanxiu?
Should I slash him to death with this strike of mine?
Towards An Lanxiu, he seriously couldn't do it!
Actually, An Lanxiu didn't have that sort of killing aura when she attacked him with her spear either. On the contrary, she still held back strength and didn't dare to use her full strength!
Two people sparring had advantages and disadvantages!
Seeming to have thought of something, Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Come, I'll bring you to find someone!"
Finished talking, he directly brought An Lanxiu along and vanished in the starry sky.
Before long, the two people arrived at the Dao Door again.
The person who received Ye Xuan and An Lanxiu was an old man. When he saw Ye Xuan, that old man had a slight headache because the person who received Ye Xuan the last time was him.
Ye Xuan looked at the old man and said with a smile, "Please inform Third Miss that I have something to look for her about!"
The old man hesitated and was just about to speak when Ye Xuan suddenly said, "You want to say that Third Miss isn't here, right?"
The old man was speechless.
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Go tell Third Miss that I'm here.
Ye Xuan won't make it difficult for her! "
The old man was still hesitant. Right at this moment, a woman suddenly appeared in front of Ye Xuan and An Lanxiu.
It was the Third Miss!
The Third Miss looked at Ye Xuan, "How annoying!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Third Miss, I trust you've been well since we last met!"
The Third Miss said indifferently, "Is something the matter?"
Ye Xuan cupped his fists and said, "I hope Third Miss can help me with something!"
The Third Miss said, "What is it?"
Ye Xuan said, "Hit me!"
An Lanxiu was very strong, but she couldn't bring herself to be ruthless, and he similarly couldn't bring himself to be ruthless towards An Lanxiu. Moreover, if both of them showed mercy during sparring, then what was the point of sparring?
So he wanted to find someone who could beat him up. Only in this way would he be able to find out where he was lacking.
The Third Miss looked at Ye Xuan, "You want to spar with me?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Yes."
The Third Miss was silent.
Ye Xuan asked, "Can I?"
The Third Miss glanced at Ye Xuan, "Why do you suddenly want to spar with me?"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "I just want to improve myself."
The Third Miss nodded, "Okay!"
Ye Xuan blinked, "You agree?"
The Third Miss said, "Spar with me!
Come with me! "
Saying that, she turned and left.
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment, then followed the Third Miss.
Soon, the Third Miss brought Ye Xuan to an empty square. Around this square, there were all kinds of array formations stabilizing the space.
The Third Miss looked at Ye Xuan, "How do you want to spar?"
Ye Xuan said, "Hit me!
I … "
Before he could finish his words, the distant Third Young Lady suddenly disappeared.
Before Ye Xuan could react, he felt a sharp pain in his abdomen. Then, his whole body flew backward and finally hit the space barrier. The entire trial square suddenly shook violently.
An Lanxiu, "…"
In the distance, Ye Xuan looked a little pained because he felt like his body was falling apart!
When did his Dao body become so weak?
At this moment, the Third Miss suddenly appeared in front of him. Ye Xuan was stunned. He was about to speak when the Third Miss suddenly punched his head.
Bang!
Ye Xuan's whole body directly hit the ground and slid hundreds of feet away. The moment he stopped, he felt dizzy as if he was going to faint.
At this moment, the Third Miss suddenly appeared in front of him again. Before he could react, the Third Miss directly grabbed one of his legs and lifted him up. Then, she slammed him into the ground.
Boom!
The ground directly collapsed, turning into a huge pit.
But it was not over yet. The Third Miss suddenly kicked Ye Xuan's abdomen.
Bang!
Ye Xuan instantly flew more than 100 feet away. Before he landed, the Third Miss appeared in front of him again and then flew up and kicked him in the abdomen.
Bang!
Ye Xuan directly flew out and hit the space barrier in the distance.
Boom!
The surrounding space barrier directly cracked …
As soon as Ye Xuan stopped, the Third Miss appeared in front of him again. Then, she directly grabbed one of Ye Xuan's legs and slammed it on the ground …
Bang bang bang bang!
Deep pits directly appeared in the surrounding ground …
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly wailed, "Stop … Stop …"
The Third Miss said while hitting him, "What?
Don't stop?
Use force?
Okay, I will use force! "
Bang bang bang bang …
Ye Xuan, "…"
..








Chapter 1496
Just like that, Ye Xuan was beaten for nearly half an hour before he stopped!
During this period, Ye Xuan tried to resist!
But it was useless!
The more he resisted, the worse he was beaten!
Every time he wanted to use his sword, it was useless, because as soon as the sword appeared, he would be beaten even worse.
The main reason was that he was beaten silly from the beginning!
And his dao body seemed to be useless in front of the third young lady.
After the third young lady stopped, she walked to the side, the corners of her mouth slightly raised, it was really comfortable!
In fact, she had wanted to beat this guy for a long time!
But there was no chance!
But she didn't expect that this guy would come to her and ask her to beat him …
How could she refuse such a good thing?
In the distance, Ye Xuan climbed up and looked at the third young lady in the distance. The third young lady turned to look at Ye Xuan and said seriously, "How do you feel?"
Ye Xuan's face was full of black lines, "Third young lady, did you just want to beat me?"
The third young lady sneered, "You actually thought that I just wanted to beat you!"
Ye Xuan glanced at the third young lady, "Isn't that the case?"
The third young lady walked in front of Ye Xuan, "Of course not, the reason why I beat you was to let you understand your current shortcomings!
Moreover, you asked me to beat you, you asked me to! "
Saying that, she pointed to the distant An Lanxiu, "She can testify!"
An Lanxiu, "…"
Ye Xuan shook his head, he had fallen for this woman's trick!
The third young lady suddenly said, "What do you think now?"
Ye Xuan said lightly, "My thought is to be careful of women!"
The third young lady, "…"
As if thinking of something, Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Third young lady, why is my dao body so vulnerable in front of you?"
The third young lady smiled, "Because I also cultivate dao body!
And let me tell you, dao body doesn't mean invincible, when a person is too strong, they can directly destroy your body.
Of course, your physical body is a little special because you have a powerful bloodline. The recovery ability of your bloodline is too abnormal! "
Although Ye Xuan had just been beaten up, his body had more or less recovered, which made her rather depressed!
"Third Young Lady, how strong are you?" Ye Xuan asked in a deep voice.
He suddenly realized that the woman in front of him was much, much stronger than he had imagined.
Even though he hadn't truly fought with his life on the line just now, and he would still be able to fight back if he utilized the Sword Domain and Faith Energy. However, he noticed that the three of them hadn't attacked him with the intent to kill. Moreover, he wanted to see if he could resist them without utilizing external forces. The outcome was that he couldn't.
The Third Young Lady laughed, "I'm not that strong. I just started cultivating earlier than you."
Ye Xuan shook his head. "You're too humble."
The Third Young Lady smiled, "Unless you have invincible strength, you have to be humble. Being humble will help you live longer!"
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "Sister Nian said the same thing!"
The Third Young Lady laughed, "Fifth Dimension Tendo?"
Ye Xuan nodded his head.
The Third Young Lady whispered, "She is an amazing person!"
Ye Xuan smiled, "You know Sister Nian?"
The Third Young Lady nodded, "I have investigated her!
She is a person of faith!
And she was willing to seal her strength for your Fifth Dimension … She is worthy of respect!
Of course, you are also not bad. At least she didn't misjudge you. "
Ye Xuan smiled and then said, "Third Young Lady, to be honest, there is one thing that I don't understand. You, Dao Laoer, and Dao Laoer are all disciples of the Taoist Sect's Grand Ancestor. So why is there such a big gap between you?"
He discovered that.
The difference in IQ between Second Young Dao and the Third Young Lady was like heaven and earth.
The Third Young Lady shook her head, "Second Senior Brother was also very outstanding. He was able to use Master's Dao Scripture to create the Dark Scripture, which proved his talent.
It was power that harmed him!
After Master left, the Dao Faction was like a group of dragons without a leader. At that time, the Dao Faction was the number one force in the universe. Second Senior Brother and Eldest Senior Brother were fighting for the position of Dao Faction's Master. Therefore, the two of them directly fought for this position and the Great Dao Spirit.
Unfortunately, the Great Dao Spirit did not choose either of them … "
At this point, she sighed, "At that time, I should have stood up. If I had fought, they would not have been able to compete with me. But I really have no interest in the position of Dao Faction's Master!"
Ye Xuan shook his head and smiled, "Third Young Lady, you have no interest in the position of Dao Faction's Master, but in the end, you became the Dao Faction's Master. This life …"
The Third Young Lady laughed, "Young Master Ye, you also don't seem to have any interest in the Master of the Fifth Dimension!"
Ye Xuan nodded, "However, I will not let go of the Fifth Dimension."
The Third Young Lady chuckled, "This is where I am inferior to you!
I was a little selfish at that time!
I only wanted to live according to my own ideas. Although this is not wrong, I should not let go of the responsibility that I should bear. "
Ye Xuan suddenly asked, "Do you have an Eldest Senior Brother?"
The Third Young Lady nodded, "I contacted him. He is no longer interested in the position of Dao Faction's Master!"
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Third Young Lady, you are so strong, but you still can't beat that woman?"
The Third Young Lady looked at Ye Xuan, "You know?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "I know!"
The Third Young Lady chuckled, "The reason why you think I am strong now is because you are still a little weak!
Remember, in this world, there is no strongest, only stronger! "
Ye Xuan said, "I want to kill her!"
The Third Young Lady stared at Ye Xuan, "Are you serious?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
The Third Young Lady fell into silence.
Ye Xuan said, "Do you think it's impossible?"
The Third Young Lady said softly, "Young Master Ye, you are a genius. Among the younger generation, there are very few who are better than you.
But do you know who you are going to face?
She is not from the same generation as you!
She has cultivated for tens of thousands of years more than you!
Do you know how difficult it is to jump levels and challenge her? "
Ye Xuan smiled, "But I can't just wait for death, right?"
The Third Young Lady nodded, "Indeed."
Saying that, she sighed softly, "Forget it!
I don't need to worry about the matters between you two.
Since you came to me to spar, let's start now! "
Ye Xuan cupped his fists, "Thank you!"
The Third Young Lady looked at Ye Xuan, "Make your move against me!"
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Third Young Lady, I will do my best!"
The Third Young Lady smiled, "Come on!
Don't worry, I won't be careless. "
Ye Xuan nodded. The next moment, he suddenly struck with his sword.
Instant Kill!
This sword was fast to the extreme, but it was still caught by two fingers!
The Third Young Lady held onto Ye Xuan's sword and smiled, "Your swordsmanship realm has broken through!"
Ye Xuan nodded, "But it doesn't seem to work!"
The Third Young Lady shook her head, "No!"
As she spoke, she loosened two of her fingers. On her two fingers, there were two traces of blood!
The Third Young Lady looked at Ye Xuan, "If it was before, this sword of yours would not be a threat to me at all!
But now, your sword can hurt me!
You should know that I have a God State Daoist body!
If it was someone else, this sword of yours would be enough to kill them. "
Ye Xuan was relieved. He almost forgot that the Third Young Lady had a God State Daoist body!
He also had a Daoist body, so he knew how terrifying it was!
The Third Young Lady suddenly said, "You are more like a Swordsman now!
You!
Now, your sword does not have so many external enhancements, so it is more pure. This is a good thing. "
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "How can this sword of mine be a threat to you?"
The Third Young Lady looked at Ye Xuan, "Your speed must be at least five times faster, and your strength must be at least ten times stronger. Only then can you kill me with one strike. You cannot do without either!
You have the speed, but not the strength. My Daoist body can defend against this sword of yours. You have the strength, but not the speed. I can escape before you strike, or I can strike first. "
Ye Xuan said softly, "I understand!"
The Third Young Lady said, "Now, you can use your external strength to enhance your swordsmanship."
Ye Xuan shook his head, "No need!"
Saying that, he suddenly took a step forward, and the Sword Domain enveloped the Third Young Lady. The next moment, a ray of sword light flashed through the Sword Domain.
The Third Young Lady suddenly punched!
Boom!
As soon as she punched, the ray of sword light was stopped by her punch!
Inside the ray of sword light was Ye Xuan's sword!
However, Ye Xuan's sword stabbed into the Third Young Lady's fist by half an inch!
The Third Young Lady suddenly withdrew her fist, but in the next moment, she punched again.
Boom!
The ray of sword light shattered, and the moment it shattered, a sword silently arrived between the Third Young Lady's eyebrows. However, the sword stopped half an inch away from her eyebrows!
Because the Third Young Lady had unknowingly grabbed the sword in the ray of sword light!
At this moment, in the distance, Ye Xuan suddenly opened his palm. In an instant, countless rays of sword light crisscrossed and tore through the Sword Domain.
Chi chi chi chi!
Tearing sounds resounded, and it made one's scalp go numb!
The Third Young Lady slowly closed her eyes. When the sword qi arrived in front of her, she suddenly clenched her right hand, and a powerful fist force suddenly swept out from her body.
Life Fist!
Without burning one's lifespan, it was just the fist force of Life Fist. However, this fist force directly crushed all of Ye Xuan's sword qi. Not only that, but the Sword Domain was also trembling, and it was almost unable to withstand this force.
However, there were several sword wounds all over her body.
Ye Xuan's sword could already break through her defense, but it was not enough because it was not fatal!
The Third Young Lady looked at Ye Xuan, slowly loosened her right hand, and then said, "Continue!"
After a moment of silence, Ye Xuan suddenly opened his palm, and the Supreme Sword appeared in his hand. In the next moment, he directly appeared in front of the Third Young Lady, and suddenly pulled out the sword and slashed down!
Sword-Drawing Technique!
As the sword slashed out, a powerful force swept down from the top of the Third Young Lady's head …
The Third Young Lady suddenly clenched her right hand, and a powerful fist force surged out from her right hand.
Boom!
Ye Xuan was directly shaken back!
However, in the next moment, Ye Xuan rushed out again.
In this way, in the following time, Ye Xuan madly sparred with the Third Young Lady every day, practicing the Instant Kill Sword and the Sword-Drawing Technique.
As for Life Fist, he could not practice it because to obtain the power of life, he had to burn his lifespan, and he really could not afford to practice it!
Under the crazy practice, the power of Ye Xuan's Instant Kill Sword and the Sword-Drawing Technique also became stronger and stronger …
This also made Ye Xuan understand that there was no limit, only a higher limit!
...
As for An Lanxiu, she was no longer in the Dao Sect, and she had come to an unknown starry sky.
In her hand was the map that Ye Xuan gave her!
Looking for Miss Ding!
Ye Xuan knew that if he went to look for her, the mysterious woman would definitely know. Therefore, he cultivated hard in the Dao Sect to attract attention, and secretly asked An Lanxiu to look for Miss Ding …
....








Chapter 1497
An Lanxiu was flying through the starry sky.
She knew a little about that mysterious woman from the Hallowed Grounds, Dao Yi, and she was absolutely the strongest enemy Ye Xuan had encountered so far.
Just as the Third Young Miss had said, the current Ye Xuan couldn't resist that mysterious woman at all!
She and Ye Xuan weren't from the same generation at all!
Moreover, Ye Xuan's only bloodline that could pose a slight threat to her had been sealed and suppressed by her. Most importantly, that woman wasn't alone!
She was even forming alliances!
What the hell was she doing!?
Ye Xuan naturally wouldn't resign himself to death.
That woman didn't stop him from cultivating, but she stopped him from looking for Miss Ding. Obviously, that woman was rather afraid of Miss Ding.
This time, An Lanxiu wasn't going alone. Instead, she was bringing Xiao Ta and the Sword Spirit along.
Because Xiao Ta was able to conceal An Lanxiu's aura, and the Sword Spirit was naturally there to restrain the gaudy Xiao Ta. Without the Sword Spirit, Xiao Ta would ascend to the heavens!
An Lanxiu suddenly stopped and opened the map that Ye Xuan had given her. After a long time, she transformed into a ray of light and vanished into the starry sky.
...
After the mysterious woman left the Hallowed Grounds, she arrived in the starry sky, and then she waved her fair hand lightly. The starry sky in front of her was directly torn open, and she walked into the spatial rift. In the next moment, she appeared in an unknown starry sky.
She didn't stop, and she continued tearing open the starry sky and leaping through space.
Just like that, she stopped after around four hours. At this moment, she was in a deathly silent starry sky.
There wasn't any aura of life in this starry sky. Moreover, there was a putrid smell everywhere, and it was nauseating.
The mysterious woman casually waved her hand, and the putrid smell in the surroundings vanished without a trace. She glanced at the surroundings, and then she transformed into a ray of light and entered a deathly silent starry sky!
When she entered the planet, she frowned slightly because this planet was filled with an aura of death and decay. Not only that, but there were also rotting corpses everywhere she looked.
The woman in the plain dress floated into the distance. Not long after, she arrived before an ancient city. When she approached the ancient city, a nauseating smell of decay rushed towards her like a tidal wave. There was also the smell of blood mixed in this rotten smell.
The mysterious woman looked at the city. The city was filled with densely packed corpses. These corpses had been dead for a long time, but they were all soaked in blood. The blood contained a mysterious power, and it was this mysterious power that allowed these corpses to be preserved.
There were at least several million corpses in the entire city!
This place was simply a living hell.
The mysterious woman spoke softly, "The stronger some people are, the lower their limits are!"
As she spoke, she pressed her fingers together and gestured lightly. A black coffin floated up slowly from within the city. At the very least, the coffin was covered in countless blood red talismans, and it seemed rather strange.
Right at this moment, the coffin suddenly started trembling. A moment later, a savage voice resounded from within it, "Who dares to disturb my cultivation? Are you tired of living?"
As soon as the voice resounded, a ray of blood red light suddenly surged out from within the coffin, and then it shot violently towards the mysterious woman.
The mysterious woman waved her hand.
Bang!
The ray of blood red light was instantly blasted apart!
At the same time, a mysterious force blasted against the coffin.
Bang!
The coffin instantly shattered apart, and then a man appeared in midair. The man's hair was disheveled, his body was emaciated, and his entire body emanated an extremely unpleasant and rotten smell.
The man stared fixedly at the mysterious woman, "Who are you!?"
The mysterious woman had an emotionless expression on her face, "I'll give you a fortune. Do you want it?"
The man laughed coldly, "Give me a fortune?
How arrogant of you! "
The mysterious woman suddenly spread open her right hand, and then she stretched it forward and pressed it down.
Bang!
In the distance, the man directly smashed down from the sky, and a huge crater appeared on the ground!
On the ground, the man looked at the mysterious woman in the distance. At this moment, his eyes became slightly solemn, "Who the hell are you!?"
The mysterious woman's face was expressionless, "You're the Immortal Emperor, right?"
The man stood up slowly and stared at the mysterious woman, "Who the hell are you!?"
The mysterious woman smiled, "You slaughtered all the living beings here to make use of the aura of death within their bodies to strengthen yourself, so that you can reach the Godly State and control the boundless aura of death, right?"
The man clenched his right hand slowly, "So what if I am?"
The mysterious woman looked at the man, "Now, I'll give you a chance to help you reach the Godly State!"
The man narrowed his eyes slightly, "Help me reach the Godly State?"
The mysterious woman smiled, "Yes."
The man sneered, "Do you have the ability to do that?"
The mysterious woman suddenly slapped him.
The man's pupils constricted, and he threw a punch forward.
Bang!
With a punch, the man was sent flying. When he slammed into the city wall behind him, the ancient city instantly turned into nothingness, and the man's body split open, revealing his internal organs!
The man gulped, and he raised his head to look at the mysterious woman in the distance. At this moment, his eyes were no longer solemn, but fearful!
He knew that the woman's strength was far beyond his!
The mysterious woman said, "Do you believe me now?"
The man said in a deep voice, "Who the hell are you!?"
The mysterious woman shook her head, "Don't ask these meaningless questions. You should ask what I want you to do!"
The man looked at the mysterious woman, "What do you want me to do!?"
The mysterious woman smiled, "You're too weak now!
You can't do anything! "
As she spoke, she opened her palm, and an ancient scroll appeared in front of the man, "This can help you reach the Godly State, and there's a map in it. Once you reach the Godly State, look for me immediately!
I'll give you ten days, it should be enough! "
The man opened the scroll and glanced at it. Gradually, his expression became extremely solemn.
After a while, the man looked at the mysterious woman, "S-Senior, what do you want me to do!?"
The mysterious woman smiled, "When the time comes, I'll let you do something to restrain some people. Of course, you might have to pay with your life, or you might not have to do anything.
So, you can choose now. If you're not willing, I won't force you. If you're willing, I'll help you reach the Godly State! "
The man said, "I'm willing!"
The mysterious woman smiled, "Won't you consider it?"
The Undying Emperor looked at the woman, "There's no need to consider it!
If I don't break through, I won't be able to live for long! "
The mysterious woman looked at the Undying Emperor and smiled, "Indeed!"
As she spoke, she looked around, "I don't like this place, I'm leaving!"
Then, she turned around and left.
The Undying Emperor suddenly said, "Aren't you afraid that I won't look for you after I reach the Godly State?"
The mysterious woman didn't even turn her head, "You can try!"
As she spoke, she disappeared into the horizon.
The Undying Emperor remained silent, no one knew what he was thinking.
...
Taoism.
In the training field, Ye Xuan sat with his legs crossed, recalling the scene of him sparring with the Third Lady.
He was thinking about his own shortcomings!
He had to admit that he had learned a lot from sparring with the Third Lady. Not only had his Instakill Sword Technique and Sword-Drawing Technique improved greatly, he had also gained new insights into his Life Fist.
Not far away, the Third Lady glanced at Ye Xuan. In fact, she was a little shocked. Not long ago, Ye Xuan was not a threat to her, but now, Ye Xuan was a threat to her!
If she hadn't cultivated her Dao Body to the Godly State, it would be hard to say who would win between her and Ye Xuan.
In other words, if an ordinary Godly State expert were to fight against Ye Xuan, they would be instantly killed by Ye Xuan!
Because his sword was truly fast enough!
The reason why she could suppress Ye Xuan was because of her physical body. Her physical body was stronger than Ye Xuan's!
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly stood up. He opened his palm and the Supreme Sword appeared in his hand. He looked at the Third Lady in the distance and said, "Let's continue!"
As he spoke, he was about to draw his sword. At this moment, the Third Lady shook her head and said, "You have a guest!"
Ye Xuan frowned and said, "That woman?"
The Third Lady shook her head and said, "No!"
As she spoke, she looked to the right and said, "You guys talk!"
After saying that, she turned and left.
Ye Xuan looked at where the Third Lady was looking. There, the space suddenly split and a shadow floated out. The shadow was blurry and he couldn't tell whether it was a man or a woman.
Ye Xuan looked at the shadow and asked, "You are?"
The shadow said, "The Northern Wilderness!"
The voice was blurry and he couldn't tell whether it was a man or a woman.
The Northern Wilderness!
Ye Xuan was stunned and said, "What's the matter?"
The shadow said, "It's nothing, I just came to see you!"
See me!
Ye Xuan's expression became slightly strange. He glanced at the shadow and said, "I think you should know the truth of the matter.
Am I right? "
The shadow said, "That woman wants the Northern Wilderness to deal with you. What do you think about this?"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "If I'm not wrong, she must have given you a treasure or condition that you can't refuse, right?"
The shadow said, "Yes."
Ye Xuan thought for a moment and said, "What do you think?"
The shadow said, "I want to hear what you think!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "My idea is very simple. I will sit on top of the mountain and watch the tigers fight!"
The shadow didn't say anything.
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Sit on top of the mountain and watch the tigers fight. You will always be in an invincible position. What do you think?"
The shadow said softly, "But the thing she gave me is very tempting."
Ye Xuan asked, "How tempting?"
The shadow said, "It can change the fate of the entire Northern Wilderness!"
Ye Xuan said, "Only when you are alive can you have a fate."
The shadow said softly, "But you are very weak!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Can you see through that mysterious woman?"
The shadow said, "I can't!"
Ye Xuan shrugged and said, "She is my aunt, the blood kind!"
The shadow was silent.
Ye Xuan said again, "Sir, to tell you the truth, I have a dozen other aunts like her … In the end, this is our family's business … it's not good for you to get involved!
Also, what if one day my aunt thinks it through!
She won't hit me anymore!
At that time, what will you do?
At that time, it will be the two of us who will hit you.
What do you think? "
Then he paused and said, "Although my aunt has always been against me because of some things, I don't hate her at all. Because I know that there are no misunderstandings that can't be solved in a family. After all, she is my aunt!
My blood!
Blood is thicker than water! "
The shadow: "…"
.....
PS: Some readers told me to slow down the pace and write in more detail.
However, when I slowed down the pace, I was scolded!
Brothers, reading a book is like making a big sword, you can't just start with the climax of the plot!
Everything needs to be foreshadowed, which is a process. Just like in a relationship, don't you have to eat first, then watch a movie, and finally … How can you just get straight to the point!
Although this process is a bit boring, it must be done!
Without this process, how could there be such a thing … Don't you guys think that makes sense?!
Sorry, I went a bit off topic.
In the end, everyone could see that the woman in the plain dress had left and the plot had sped up.
Next, watch me, Luan, show off!
One more small request, when you scold me, can you be a bit more reserved?
My mental endurance is a bit low …








Chapter 1498
Blood is thicker than water!
The phantom was silent.
Although this Ye Xuan was bluffing, but it had to be said that what he said was reasonable!
This was other people's family matter!
If one day this pair of nephew and aunt suddenly stopped fighting and reconciled, at that time, wouldn't they really be in a bad situation?
Ye Xuan looked at the phantom, "Your Excellency, if I were you, I would choose to wait and see, not help anyone, wait until both of us are injured, then you come out to clean up the mess, isn't that perfect?"
The phantom said softly, "What you said is reasonable."
Saying that, his body gradually became illusory, obviously, he was about to leave.
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Wait, wait!"
The phantom said, "What's the matter?"
Ye Xuan hesitated, and then said, "I heard that you are from a prehistoric civilization?"
The phantom nodded, "Yes."
Ye Xuan said, "Can I understand you?"
The phantom said, "Understand us?"
And some nodded quickly, "I heard that your cultivation method is somewhat different from ours, is that right?"
The phantom said, "It is indeed not the same, but the essence is not too different, we all obtain great strength through cultivation!"
Ye Xuan quickly asked, "Do you have a physical cultivation method?"
The phantom said, "Yes!"
Ye Xuan blinked, "Look at me, look at my physical body, do you think my physical body can still break through?"
The phantom looked at Ye Xuan, and said softly, "Your physical body is very strong, but there is still a lot of room for improvement!"
Ye Xuan quickly asked, "Do you have a way to improve my physical body again?"
The phantom nodded, "There is, but why should we help you?"
Ye Xuan thought for a moment, and then said, "What do you think of me?"
The phantom asked, "What do you mean in which aspect?"
Ye Xuan said, "All aspects."
The phantom said, "Glib, flowery, not what you mean …"
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Stop, stop, just say something good!"
The phantom remained silent.
Ye Xuan frowned. "I don't have any merits in your heart?"
The phantom said, "He has many backers!"
Ye Xuan's face immediately darkened, and he almost went berserk.
Ye Xuan took a deep breath and pointed to himself. "Sir, don't you think I'm very outstanding?
It's not an exaggeration to say that an outstanding young man like me should be the very, very, very, very, very rare kind of person in your prehistoric era, right? "
The figure shook his head.
Ye Xuan was puzzled. "Why are you shaking your head?"
The figure said, "I've existed for hundreds of thousands of years, and in these endless years, I've seen all kinds of people, but I've never seen someone with such thick skin!
Or is it that modern humans are all so thick-skinned? "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The mysterious man continued, "You've said so much because you want us to help you improve your physical body, right?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "That's right."
The phantom said, "Why should I help you improve your physical body?
Can you give me a reason? "
Ye Xuan thought for a moment, then said, "Why don't you state your conditions!"
After a moment of silence, the phantom said, "You don't have anything that we want."
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "A favor!"
The phantom looked at Ye Xuan. "A favor?"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Yes.
Help me, and I'll owe you a favor. "
The phantom said softly, "You're trying to get something for nothing!"
Ye Xuan: "…"
The phantom suddenly said, "Okay!"
Ye Xuan was stunned, then said, "You agree?"
The phantom nodded. "I agree!
Come with me to the Northern Desolate! "
Ye Xuan hesitated, then said, "The Northern Desolate?"
The phantom said, "Afraid?"
Ye Xuan hurriedly shook his head. "With your strength, if you want to kill me, isn't it a piece of cake?
Why do you have to trick me to the Northern Desolate? "
The phantom said, "Let's go!"
After that, the space in front of Ye Xuan suddenly cracked.
Ye Xuan hesitated, then looked to the right, and cupped his fists. "Third Young Lady, thank you for all this time!"
After that, he walked into the space crack.
The phantom also disappeared.
On the other side, the Third Young Lady looked at Ye Xuan disappearing in the distance, silent.
...
The Northern Desolate.
When Ye Xuan came out of the teleportation array, he directly appeared in front of a huge stone tablet!
Ye Xuan glanced around. This is the Northern Desolate!
And not far from him stood a woman, the woman's fingertips flashed with knife light.
Saint!
And behind the Saint were Ge Yao and the others.
When Ye Xuan saw Ge Yao and the others, his expression changed.
Behind Ge Yao, there were more than two hundred people, these people at least above the Immortal State, judging from their aura.
And the woman at the head of the group, her strength was unfathomable.
This Northern Desolate is so strong!
Ge Yao looked at Ye Xuan, not particularly friendly.
Glancing at them, Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Hello, everyone!"
The Saint looked at Ye Xuan. "Young Master Ye, you want to strengthen your body?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes."
Then, he looked at the Saint. "How should I address you, young lady?"
The Saint smiled. "Mu Xi!"
Ye Xuan said, "Miss Mu Xi, where is the senior who brought me here?"
Mu Xi smiled. "Young Master Ye, please wait for a moment. The Exalted God will appear soon."
Ye Xuan nodded. "Okay!"
Then, he looked around. It was surrounded by clouds and he could not see far.
Mu Xi smiled. "Young Master Ye seems to be a bit curious about the Northern Desolate Region!"
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Indeed!
Miss Mu Xi, there is one thing I am very curious about. That is, how are your realms divided? "
Then, he pointed at Ge Yao. "For example, he should be in the Immortal State in our era. What about in your era?"
Mu Xi smiled. "The Immortal State you speak of is in the Dao Scripture System, right?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes."
Mu Xi said, "In our era, he is called the Dao Defiant State."
Ye Xuan frowned. "Dao Defiant?"
Mu Xi nodded. "At his level, he can reverse the Death Qi in his body and gradually turn it into Life Qi … This action is equivalent to going against the heavens. Therefore, in our era, he is called the Dao Defiant State.
He has the ability to reverse the Dao and reverse life and death! "
Ye Xuan asked again, "What about above the Dao Defiant State?"
Mu Xi smiled. "Eternal!"
Ye Xuan blinked. "Eternal Realm?"
Mu Xi nodded. "At this level, the body is eternal, the soul is eternal, and the spirit is eternal!
Of course, the lifespan will still disappear. However, it is possible for an expert of this level to live for hundreds of thousands of years. Of course, the premise is that they are not killed by others or seek their own death. "
Ye Xuan said softly, "Is there anyone who can live forever?"
Mu Xi looked at Ye Xuan. "No!"
Ye Xuan looked at Mu Xi. "In your era, no one can live forever?"
Mu Xi shook her head. "I can tell you that a person, through cultivation, can live for a very, very long time, even millions of years. But up until now, in our recorded history, no one has been able to live forever.
Even the Gods are limited by their lifespan and are unable to achieve true eternal life. "
Ye Xuan was a little puzzled. "Why can't true eternal life be achieved?"
Mu Xi smiled. "If someone can achieve true eternal life, then there is only one possibility. That is, the current laws of the universe have completely collapsed!"
Ye Xuan was a little curious. "The laws of the universe?"
Mu Xi nodded. "According to what we know, there are currently nine laws of the universe. One of them is the Life Law. Everyone's lifespan is limited by the Life Law. No one can live forever. No life can achieve eternal existence.
Because once someone lives forever, the universe will be in chaos.
Think about it, if a person can't die, wouldn't that be terrifying? "
Ye Xuan nodded. "That's true!"
Mu Xi continued. "Some people can go against the Dao. However, no one can go against the laws of the universe. That's not right. At least no one can go against the first five laws of the universe.
If someone can go against the Eternal Law, perhaps they can really live forever. However, it is basically impossible! "
Ye Xuan was a little curious. "Why is it impossible?"
Mu Xi smiled slightly. "The laws of the universe are existences of a higher level. We're only in contact with the Dao now, but the laws of the universe are existences that surpass the Dao."
When she spoke up to here, she glanced at Ye Xuan and said, "Your Adversity Constitution belongs to a different kind of existence, an extremely different kind of existence!"
Ye Xuan asked, "A different kind of existence?
Does it belong to the laws of the universe? "
Mu Xi shook her head. "I'm unable to answer that. Because I only know that there are nine laws of the universe. However, I don't know exactly which nine laws they are.
So, I can't be sure if your Adversity Constitution is related to the laws of the universe. "
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment, and then he asked, "What if my Adversity Constitution is really the work of the laws of the universe?"
Mu Xi thought for a long time, and then she said, "Be a good person in your next life!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Right at this moment, the stone stele behind Ye Xuan suddenly trembled, and a voice resounded from within it.
Mu Xi looked at Ye Xuan. "Follow me!"
Ye Xuan glanced at the stone stele, and then he said, "What are you Exalted Goddess doing inside?"
Mu Xi said, "It's a secret!"
A secret!
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Mu Xi suddenly said, "Young Master Ye, I heard that the woman who wanted to beat you up is your aunt?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes, she said she's my aunt!"
Mu Xi said, "Since there's an aunt, there must be a grandfather. Why don't you go look for your grandfather?"
Ye Xuan shrugged. "I think it's said that my grandfather was killed by my cheapskate father!"
Mu Xi stopped in her tracks and turned to look at Ye Xuan. "Killed by your father?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "That's what they said!"
Mu Xi frowned slightly. "Your father killed your father-in-law?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Actually, it's hard for me to understand too. However, I heard that my grandfather isn't a good person either!"
Mu Xi said softly, "Your family … is really amazing!"
Ye Xuan was curious. "Miss Muxi, can your Exalted Deity defeat that woman?"
Mu Xi shook her head, "I don't know!
We'll only know after we fight! "
Ye Xuan said, "Do you have any good suggestions for my current situation?"
Mu Xi thought for a moment, and then she said, "You can ask your aunt if we can spare their lives if they surrender!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
..
!!








Chapter 1499
Ye Xuan glanced at Mu Xi. This woman's words were quite amusing!
Could he not be killed if he surrendered?
However, he could ask her when the time came.
Before long, Mu Xi brought Ye Xuan to a cloud. Not far from the two of them, there were countless flashes of lightning.
It was a pool of lightning!
Ye Xuan looked at Mu Xi. "Miss Mu Xi, are you going to use the heavenly lightning to temper my body?"
Mu Xi shook her head. "Not for you!"
Ye Xuan was a little puzzled. "Then?"
Mu Xi looked at Ye Xuan. "Absorb!"
Ye Xuan was stunned. "Absorb the lightning?"
Mu Xi nodded. She looked at the pool of lightning in the distance. "This pool of lightning is the heavenly tribulation lightning of our era. It contains extremely pure lightning power. If you can absorb the lightning elements, your body should be able to break through again."
Ye Xuan looked at the pool of lightning. Within it, lightning flashed, and the might of the heavens was oppressive.
Mu Xi suddenly said, "Go!"
Ye Xuan hesitated. "Is it dangerous?"
Mu Xi nodded. "Yes!"
Ye Xuan blinked. "What danger?"
Mu Xi said, "It might electrocute you to death!"
Ye Xuan, "…"
After a while, Ye Xuan didn't ask anymore. He walked towards the pool of lightning. The closer he got to the pool of lightning, the stronger the might of the heavenly lightning.
Ye Xuan stopped and turned to look at Mu Xi. "Miss Mu Xi, are you going to absorb it forcefully?"
Mu Xi looked at Ye Xuan. "Yes!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Alright!"
With that, he transformed into a sword light and entered the pool of lightning.
Boom!
As soon as he entered the pool of lightning, countless bolts of lightning struck Ye Xuan. In an instant, Ye Xuan became a man of lightning.
Was it painful?
Ye Xuan didn't feel much pain, just a little numb.
Meanwhile, Mu Xi suddenly pointed with her finger, and a ray of white light entered the space between Ye Xuan's brows. At the same time, Mu Xi's voice resounded in Ye Xuan's mind. "This is a mental cultivation technique. Follow it and you'll be able to absorb the Heavenly Lightning Tribulation in the surroundings into your body, and then convert it into lightning energy to strengthen your body!"
Ye Xuan nodded. A moment later, he began to circulate the mental cultivation method. Gradually, the lightning in his surroundings began to be absorbed by his body. At this moment, he felt warm and comfortable.
Ye Xuan grinned. This was the first time he felt so comfortable cultivating his physical body. In the past, when he cultivated his physical body, he was in so much pain that he wanted to die!
Actually, the main reason was that his physical body was strong enough, which was why he could do it so easily!
A moment later, Ye Xuan calmed himself down and concentrated on absorbing the tribulation lightning.
Mu Xi turned around and left.
Mu Xi arrived in front of the stone tablet, and a phantom image appeared on the stone tablet.
It was the mysterious Exalted Deity.
Mu Xi said softly, "Exalted Deity still chose him!"
Exalted Deity said, "It's not that I chose him, but that we had no choice but to form a good relationship with him!"
Mu Xi said, "Isn't there still that mysterious woman?"
Exalted Deity said softly, "Choosing that woman will lead to eternal damnation!"
Mu Xi said in a low voice, "Exalted Deity, did you discover something?"
Exalted Deity said, "The Body of Adversity is scarier than I imagined!
The fact that that young man could survive until now means that there must be a powerful expert protecting him. Otherwise, he would not have been able to survive until now.
And the person who can resist the Body of Adversity … "
At this point, she didn't say anything else.
Mu Xi said, "That mysterious woman must know how powerful the person behind him is, but she still did it. Why?"
Exalted Deity said, "I don't know.
But from the looks of it, this woman is a little crazy.
What my clan needs to do is to form a good relationship with that young man, and then wait and see what happens.
If the mysterious woman wins, we just won't be able to obtain the Mysterious Temple of Heaven and Earth, but our clan can continue to pass on.
If that Ye Xuan wins, our clan will benefit greatly. "
Mu Xi nodded. "I understand!
But what if that woman wants us to choose a side? "
Exalted Deity said softly, "Then we will choose Ye Xuan!"
Mu Xi was curious. "Why?"
Exalted Deity said, "Do you believe in justice?"
Mu Xi shook her head. "Not really. Since ancient times, whoever wins is justice."
Exalted Deity said softly, "Then you can believe it!"
Mu Xi was a little curious. "Ye Xuan is justice?"
Exalted Deity said, "Have you seen the Five Dimensional Universe?"
Mu Xi was slightly stunned, then she said softly, "I understand!"
As she said this, she seemed to have thought of something and frowned. "Something is not right. Ye Xuan has the Body of Adversity, and shouldn't he be punished by heaven?
But he is like a fish in water in the Five Dimensional Universe. Not only is he not punished by heaven, but he also has a good relationship with the Tendo of the Five Dimensional Universe. Most importantly, there are countless Heaven and Earth Spirits in the Five Dimensional Universe … These Heaven and Earth Spirits actually do not reject him … This is really strange!
Not only do they not reject him, I can feel that those Heaven and Earth Spirits and people in the Five Dimensional Universe respect him like a god … He does not want to be someone with the Body of Adversity, but someone with the Body of Kindness! "
Exalted Deity said, "There are two reasons. First, someone is helping him to resist the karma of the Body of Adversity. Second, he is slowly changing his own fate!
Nothing is absolute in this world, even the Body of Adversity. "
Mu Xi said in a low voice, "Can this Body of Adversity really be reversed?"
Exalted Deity said, "Everything is possible!"
Mu Xi shook her head. "I am still a little worried about that woman!
If we help Ye Xuan, I am afraid that she will target us! "
Exalted Deity said after a moment of silence, "If she dares to target my clan, my clan will move to the Five Dimensional Universe and live and die with Ye Xuan."
Mu Xi looked at Exalted Deity. "Are you serious?"
Exalted Deity said, "This woman wants to lead my clan by the nose, how can we let her do as she pleases?
If she bullies us too much, then we will all perish together.
The reason why my clan has survived until now is not because we are weak.
Moreover, it is better to die tragically than to live in humiliation.
No matter what era it is, we still need our pride and dignity. If we don't have pride and dignity, what is the point of living? "
Mu Xi smiled slightly. "I understand.
If that woman dares to bully my clan again, we will beat her to death. Even if we cannot defeat her, we will still beat her. "
Exalted Deity said, "Go and awaken more people!
To deal with everything! "
Mu Xi nodded. "Understood!"
After saying that, she turned and left.
...
Holy Region.
Inside the bamboo house, the mysterious woman was reading an ancient book in her hands. She would smile from time to time.
At this moment, Holy Leader suddenly appeared outside the bamboo house. Holy Leader bowed respectfully to the bamboo house. "Master, the Third Lady is here!"
The mysterious woman put down the ancient book and smiled. "Please!"
Outside the bamboo house, the Third Lady turned and left. After a while, the Third Lady walked into the bamboo house. She looked around and said softly, "So simple!"
The mysterious woman smiled. "Third Lady, please take a seat!"
The Third Lady looked at the seat opposite the mysterious woman. There was a teacup on the table.
The Third Lady smiled. "Looks like you had a guest before!"
The mysterious woman nodded. "She just left!"
The Third Lady sat in front of the mysterious woman. She looked at the ancient book in the mysterious woman's hands. "What book is this?"
The mysterious woman smiled. "Refreshing literature!"
The Third Lady blinked. "Refreshing literature?"
The mysterious woman nodded and smiled. "It's something that makes people feel relaxed and happy. However, this kind of literature has many flaws. For example, the style of writing is worrisome, lacking in content, often digging holes, repeating the same routine, and even contradictory …"
The Third Lady asked, "Just pure refreshing?"
The mysterious woman nodded. "Yes!
Refreshing to the end! "
The Third Lady looked at the mysterious woman. "You actually know how to read this!"
The mysterious woman placed the ancient book in front of her. She smiled. "I'm just a layman. Those literary works are too profound. I can't understand them.
Moreover, life is stressful. Reading refreshing literature to relieve boredom is not bad! "
The Third Lady smiled. "You have a stressful life?"
The mysterious woman blinked. "My enemies are very powerful. For example, that plain-dressed woman!
She can kill me with one sword strike. Don't you think I'm stressful? "
The Third Lady was speechless.
You know that she can kill you with one sword strike. Yet you still target her brother!
At this time, the mysterious woman handed the ancient book to the Third Lady. "Do you want to take a look?
Maybe it can relieve your worries! "
The Third Lady took the ancient book. She opened it and looked at it. After a long time, she frowned and closed the book. "The intelligence of the villain in this book is too low!"
The mysterious woman laughed. "It seems that this book is not suitable for you!"
The Third Lady thought for a moment and continued to read. After about a quarter of an hour, she shook her head again. "It's really hard to understand!"
The mysterious woman laughed. "Actually, I've read quite a lot of refreshing novels. Most of them are the same. For example: leveling up, killing monsters and picking up treasures. Cave Academy's auction. Completing a mission and entering a mystic realm. Changing planes in the Immortal World and God World. Excellent talent. Cultivating for a year is equivalent to ten years. There's an old man in the ring … Haha …"
The Third Lady was speechless.
The mysterious woman picked up the teacup and took a sip of tea. Then she smiled. "Alright, alright!
Let's get down to business!
Is there something you need from me? "
The Third Lady nodded. "I just wanted to tell you that Young Master Ye came to my Dao Sect before!"
The mysterious woman said, "About you sparring with him?"
The Third Lady nodded. "Yes.
You're not angry, right? "
The mysterious woman smiled. "You came and told me!
I'm not angry! "
The Third Lady smiled. "Thank you!
To be honest, it's hard to survive in the middle of all of you.
But I've decided to seal my Dao Sect. I won't interfere with anything in the world anymore! "
The mysterious woman shook her head. "That's not necessary!
I'm not a heinous person. I won't kill the innocent.
I can understand that you want to form a good relationship with him. "
The Third Lady looked at the mysterious woman. "You don't look like a bad person!
If I'm not wrong, you're targeting Ye Xuan. No matter if Ye Xuan is dead or alive, you'll definitely die, right? "
The mysterious woman smiled. "You're very smart, just like that Miss Nian Nian."
The Third Lady shook her head. "It's hard to understand why you're doing this!"
The mysterious woman smiled. She didn't say anything.
At this moment, the Sacred Leader appeared outside the bamboo house. "Master, Ye Xuan is in the Northern Wilderness. The Northern Wilderness is helping him!"
The mysterious woman smiled. "I've underestimated the Northern Wilderness!
I can't entertain you anymore!
I'm going to the Northern Wilderness. "
With that, she stood up and left.
The Third Lady suddenly said. "Perhaps the Northern Wilderness is the same as me. They just want to form a good relationship with him!"
The mysterious woman smiled. "Let's make a bet. How hard do you think the Northern Wilderness will be?"
Third Young Mistress said in a low voice, "What if they insist?"
The mysterious woman blinked. "Do you really think my goal is to win over the Beihuang Region?"
Third Young Lady was speechless.
....
PS: I have something to do in my hometown!
I might not be able to update five to six times a day like before!
Sorry!!
!!








Chapter 1500
Beihuang.
In the Thunderbolt Pool, Ye Xuan was still crazily absorbing the Heavenly Tribulation Lightning. As the energy of the Heavenly Tribulation Lightning entered his body, a faint layer of lightning appeared all over his body.
His body felt warm and comfortable.
Ye Xuan closed his eyes. With his current strength, he could instantly kill some Immortal State experts. However, he knew that he still had no chance of winning against that mysterious woman!
Not to mention the mysterious woman, he had no chance of winning against an expert of the Third Young Lady's level. Because his sword could not break through the Third Young Lady's body!
Unless he combined his Life Sword and the Instant Kill Sword, together with the power of faith and four types of domains.
Under such circumstances, he might be able to pose a fatal threat to the Third Young Lady.
However, the mysterious woman was even more terrifying than the Third Young Lady!
In fact, he was quite speechless.
He had finally gotten rid of the Taoists, but he did not expect an even more terrifying enemy to appear!
A hundred times more terrifying than the Taoists!
In any case, Ye Xuan was not a person who would sit and wait for death.
His top priority now was to improve his body to the Immortal State. If his body could reach the Immortal State, his overall strength would undergo a qualitative change!
Because both the Life Sword and the Instant Kill Sword required a powerful body!
In addition, his Sword Dao had a breakthrough and his Sword Domain had a new breakthrough. As long as his body had a breakthrough, he still had a fighting chance.
The only regret was that the Insanity Demon Bloodline had been sealed!
Otherwise, his chances of winning would be higher!
Thinking of this, he was infuriated!
He had fallen into that woman's trap!
Although the Immortal Bloodline was powerful, the Insanity Demon Bloodline focused on offense!
Moreover, the bloodline could pose a threat to her … but now, it was gone!
Although he had a headache over the Insanity Demon Bloodline, he missed it after losing it.
At that moment, Ye Xuan suddenly turned around and saw a woman standing not far away!
That mysterious woman!
The corner of Ye Xuan's mouth twitched. Damn it, that woman is here!
The mysterious woman looked at Ye Xuan and said with a smile, "Tempering your body with the Heavenly Tribulation Lightning can indeed improve your body."
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "What are you trying to do!?"
The mysterious woman blinked. "Do you need help?"
Ye Xuan quickly shook his head.
The corners of the mysterious woman's mouth lifted slightly. "I'll help you!"
As she spoke, she opened her palm. In her hand was a throbbing bolt of lightning, a dark red bolt of lightning!
Seeing this lightning, Ye Xuan's eyelids twitched. "What kind of lightning is this?"
The mysterious woman smiled and said: "Blood-colored Heavenly Lightning, I obtained it by chance, I will give it to you!"
After she finished speaking, she flicked her finger, and the crimson bolt of lightning directly entered the pool of lightning.
Boom!
In an instant, all the lightning within the pool was transformed into nothingness. At the same time, Ye Xuan was enveloped by countless bolts of blood red lightning!
"Ah!"
Within the Lightning Pool, Ye Xuan's shrill scream suddenly rang out.
At this moment, Ye Xuan felt as if his entire body was being pierced by thousands of needles.
Ouch!
The lightning was currently corroding his body!
The mysterious woman smiled and said: "It's just a little pain, just endure it!"
As she finished speaking, she turned around to look. Not far away, stood a woman.
Mu Xi!
The mysterious woman smiled and said: "Actually, I gave the Northern Wilderness Tribe a chance, two chances. The first was to follow me, the second, you can be like the Taoist Faction, not helping each other. Unfortunately, you have no choice!"
Mu Xi looked at the mysterious woman and smiled, "You killed dozens of my people just to frame Young Master Ye … If this is the chance that you are giving us, then I don't care!"
The mysterious woman smiled. "You are very strong-willed!"
Mu Xi shook her head and smiled, "Are you here to destroy the Northern Wilderness Tribe today?"
The mysterious woman blinked. "You think I can't do it?"
"You can try!"
At this moment, a voice suddenly rang out from the stone tablet.
The next moment, a shadow suddenly appeared in front of the mysterious woman. The shadow gradually solidified, revealing that it was a woman.
The woman was dressed in a long purple dress that reached the ground. A black cloud belt was tied around her waist, accentuating her slender waist.
Her silky hair cascaded down her back, domineering but not messy. Especially her pair of phoenix-like eyes, there was a hint of arrogance in the coldness, as if she was looking down on the world.
Exalted Goddess!
The Exalted Goddess looked at the mysterious woman. "I've been annoyed by you for a long time!"
The mysterious woman smiled and said: "Then come and hit me!"
The Exalted Goddess opened her palm and in an instant, a bolt of lightning fell from the clouds in the sky. The bolt of lightning landed directly on her palm, using her palm as a support, connecting heaven and earth.
Lightning in the palm!
In the sky, the mysterious woman smiled. "Are you going to fight?"
As she said that, she opened her hands and two balls of fire suddenly appeared in her hands!
One of the balls of fire was blood-red, the other was dark black.
The moment the two balls of fire appeared, the entire Northern Wilderness World became illusory, then slowly disappeared!
The world could not withstand the power of these two balls of fire!
In the sky, the mysterious woman suddenly fused the two balls of fire. Gradually, the two balls of fire turned into a flaming sword!
This sword, half of it was red fire, the other half was black fire.
Not far away, Mu Xi suddenly said, "Everyone, retreat."
Hearing Mu Xi's words, all the elites in the entire Northern Wilderness fled in all directions.
Mu Xi herself had also retreated hundreds of thousands of miles away!
In the entire Northern Wilderness, there were only three people left!
The mysterious woman, the Exalted Goddess, and Ye Xuan!
Ye Xuan wanted to leave too, but at that moment, he was already entangled by the bolt of lightning and there was no way he could escape!
At that moment, the Exalted Goddess clenched her right hand and floated up. The bolt of lightning in her hand was like a silver snake that swept across the sky towards the mysterious woman.
With a "chi" sound, the entire world was torn apart!
In the sky, the mysterious woman suddenly slashed down with her sword. A wave of fire swept out, turning the entire sky into a sea of fire!
The moment the sea of fire came into contact with the bolt of lightning —
Boom!
In the blink of an eye, the entire Northern Wilderness turned pitch-black!
In this pitch-black space, the bolt of lightning and the flames still existed. In the sea of fire, the bolt of lightning danced like a silver snake, tearing everything apart.
At that moment, the mysterious woman suddenly raised her sword and slashed at the bolt of lightning.
Boom!
The bolt of lightning shattered and turned into streaks of lightning that scattered all over the sky.
Below, the Exalted Goddess looked calm. She opened her palm and clenched it. "Gather!"
In an instant, the shattered lightning suddenly gathered and returned to its original state. Moreover, the aura it emitted was even stronger than before!
The Exalted God opened her left hand and closed her eyes slowly. She chanted silently and gradually, thick black clouds appeared in the sky. Then, countless lightning bolts condensed in the thick black clouds.
At that moment, the entire sky was filled with flashes of lightning. It was as if doomsday had arrived!
The Exalted Goddess suddenly opened her eyes. In her eyes, there was a flash of lightning. "Destroy!"
As soon as he finished speaking, the bolts of lightning suddenly shot towards the mysterious woman like a tidal wave.
In the distance, the mysterious woman held the Flaming Sword with a faint smile on her face. "Is that it?"
As soon as she finished speaking, she suddenly swung her sword.
Swoosh!
A beam of sword energy pierced through the air. In an instant, those terrifying lightning bolts turned into nothingness. The black hole in the entire Northern Wasteland Realm was shattered again. Countless amounts of dark matter energy exploded. However, the dark matter energy from the explosion was eventually absorbed by Ye Xuan, who was far away.
Because at that moment, Ye Xuan had activated his Dark Domain!
At that moment, he was madly absorbing the dark matter energy!
However, he was not having it easy either. This was because the shockwaves from the two women's attacks had landed on him. Even with his Daoist body, it was difficult for him to withstand the power of the two women. Fortunately, he had the Immortal Bloodline. Otherwise, he would not have been able to withstand it!
After the mysterious woman destroyed the lightning bolts with her sword, she suddenly disappeared on the spot. Below, the Exalted God suddenly took a step forward and pointed a finger at the tip of the flaming sword.
Boom!
An invisible force suddenly shook the surroundings. With the two of them as the center, everything within a radius of a million miles turned into nothingness. In the distance, Ye Xuan's eyes were wide open. His physical body was cracking inch by inch, but very quickly, his physical body began to recover at an extremely fast speed.
The Immortal Bloodline!
At that moment, Ye Xuan felt the terror of the Immortal Bloodline!
In the distance, the mysterious woman held the Exalted Goddess's finger and smiled. "Telekinesis!
How interesting! "
With that, she held the sword and spun it gently.
Boom!
The Exalted Goddess instantly retreated thousands of feet away. However, the moment she stopped, the space between the mysterious woman's eyebrows suddenly split open. Almost at the same time, the crack between her eyebrows returned to normal. However, behind her, a mysterious force spread out, covering a distance of a million miles. Wherever this mysterious force passed, everything turned into nothingness.
Fortunately, the Northern Wilderness was a remote area. Apart from the Divine City, there were no other forces within a radius of tens of millions of miles. Otherwise, the Exalted Goddess's mysterious attack would have been enough to destroy hundreds of millions of lives.
Seeing that the mysterious woman was unharmed, the Exalted Goddess's eyes turned serious for the first time. "How is this possible!"
The mysterious woman gently touched her eyebrows and smiled. "Is this your strongest attack?
It's very strong!
Unfortunately, even if this attack was ten times stronger, it still wouldn't be able to kill me!
Do you know why? "
The Exalted Goddess looked at the mysterious woman. "The power of your bloodline!"
The mysterious woman nodded and slowly walked towards the Exalted Goddess. "Yes.
Other than those three, no one can kill me with a single attack! "
As she spoke, her aura became stronger and stronger, almost multiplying by several times!
The Exalted Goddess said softly, "You didn't use your full strength just now!"
The mysterious woman smiled. "I used about 30% of my strength!"
The Exalted Goddess nodded. "I underestimated you!"
The mysterious woman smiled. "Don't worry, although I'm not a Swordsman, my sword is very fast. I guarantee that you will die painlessly!"
The Exalted Goddess looked at the mysterious woman. "Come on!"
As soon as she finished speaking, a mysterious force quietly gathered in the palm of her right hand.
The mysterious woman was about to draw her sword when Ye Xuan suddenly appeared in front of the Exalted Goddess.
The mysterious woman stopped in her tracks and looked at Ye Xuan. She smiled. "Are you going to fight me?"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "There's still a small gap between us."
The mysterious woman laughed. "A small gap … You're so fresh in admitting defeat!
You're just like your old man, thick-skinned! "
Ye Xuan looked at the mysterious woman. "Are you afraid of Qing 'er?"
The mysterious woman nodded. "I am!"
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "You can't defeat her?"
The mysterious woman gently brushed her hair behind her ear with her left hand and smiled. "She can beat me up!"
The Exalted Goddess was puzzled. "Then why are you so against me?
Moreover, you're my aunt!
I'm not begging for mercy, I just don't understand. Can you explain it to me? "
The mysterious woman looked at Ye Xuan. "It has something to do with your mother!
It has something to do with you! "
Ye Xuan blinked. "Then go and look for my mother!"
The mysterious woman shook her head. "I can't kill your mother. Moreover, she's protected by your old man. I can't do anything to her!"
Ye Xuan jumped up in anger. "So you came to look for me?"
The mysterious woman smiled. "I'm a bully. Come and hit me!"
"I …"
Ye Xuan was so angry he almost died on the spot.
At this moment, the mysterious woman suddenly turned to look at the sky. She smiled. "I'll give you face. I won't kill her!"
With that, she turned and walked away.
The Exalted Goddess seemed to have noticed something. Her eyes narrowed. "Woman, what are you doing!"
The mysterious woman smiled. "Since the Northern Wilderness Tribe isn't going to help, I can only choose your enemy."
The Exalted Goddess suddenly tugged at Ye Xuan's hand. "Stop her!
Otherwise, you'll be finished! "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
..
!!








Chapter 1501
Stop her?
Ye Xuan was speechless.
He wanted to stop this woman too!
But how could he stop her?
He couldn't beat her at all!
At this moment, the Exalted Goddess suddenly said, "Do you know what you're doing?"
The mysterious woman did not stop. She smiled. "Of course I do!"
The Exalted Goddess looked at the mysterious woman. "You might not be able to control the situation!"
The mysterious woman smiled but did not say anything.
Beside the Exalted Goddess, Ye Xuan was curious. "What is she doing?"
The Exalted Goddess slowly closed her eyes. "Doing bad things!"
Ye Xuan asked, "What bad things?"
The Exalted Goddess looked at Ye Xuan. "You're still laughing here. Don't you know that you're dead meat!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Driven by curiosity, Ye Xuan followed the mysterious woman. She did not seem to have any intention of hitting him anyway. Even if she did, he would not be able to escape!
The Exalted Goddess followed beside him.
Ye Xuan looked at the mysterious woman. "What are you trying to do?"
The mysterious woman said, "You have too many backers. I need to find more helpers or I won't be able to kill you!"
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment before asking, "Do you really hate me that much?"
The mysterious woman nodded.
Ye Xuan said, "Can I spare my life if I surrender?"
The mysterious woman stopped in her tracks and turned to look at Ye Xuan. "Spare my life if I surrender?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
The mysterious woman shook her head and smiled. "Don't be naughty."
With that, she continued forward. Soon, she came to an underground well.
Everything within a radius of millions of miles had been destroyed during the previous battle. However, this underground well had always been there.
Looking at the underground well, the Exalted Goddess's eyes were extremely solemn.
Ye Xuan looked at the underground well. There were countless blood-colored talismans drawn on it.
Ye Xuan turned to look at the Exalted Goddess. "What's inside?"
The Exalted Goddess did not speak.
The mysterious woman suddenly laughed. "There's a very powerful person inside. No, there are many of them!
If I'm not wrong, the disappearance of the prehistoric civilization should have something to do with the people in this underground well, right? "
The Exalted God looked at the mysterious woman. "How do you know about the prehistoric civilization?"
The mysterious woman glanced at the Exalted God. "You are not the only ones who survived from the prehistoric times."
The Exalted Goddess frowned. "Who else?"
The mysterious woman smiled. She did not answer the question. Instead, she walked to the well and opened her palm. A powerful force condensed in her palm.
The High God suddenly said, "Do you know how terrifying they are?"
The mysterious woman nodded. "To be able to destroy an era, he definitely has some ability."
The Exalted Deity said, "In order to seal them, countless experts from the prehistoric era sacrificed their lives. Do you really think you can control everything?"
The mysterious woman smiled and said, "Give it a try!"
The Exalted Goddess shook her head. "They will not submit to you!"
The mysterious woman didn't say anything else. She suddenly punched the well.
Boom!
The seal on the underground well shattered and a terrifying aura shot up into the sky. The moment the aura appeared, the mysterious woman's eyes flashed with surprise. "Interesting!"
The Exalted God's expression became even more solemn!
Ye Xuan's expression was also solemn. This aura was so strong!
At this moment, a man in black slowly floated up from the well. The man in black was covered in black chains and there was a blood-red mark between his brows.
At this moment, the man in black suddenly opened his eyes. In an instant, the black chains around him shattered but the blood-red mark between his brows did not disappear.
The man slowly opened his eyes and his gaze fell on the mysterious woman. "You broke the seal!"
The mysterious woman nodded. "Yes."
The man smiled. "I allow you to submit to me!"
The Exalted God's expression was a little strange.
Ye Xuan suddenly walked in front of the mysterious woman and said, "This man seems to be looking down on you!"
The mysterious woman laughed. "You're asking for a beating!"
With that, she suddenly disappeared. In the sky, the man's pupils shrank and he raised his arm to block.
Boom!
The man retreated thousands of feet!
After the man stopped, he looked at the mysterious woman next to Ye Xuan and grinned. "You've missed a chance to change your fate!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he suddenly disappeared on the spot.
Almost at the same time, the mysterious woman next to Ye Xuan threw a punch.
Boom!
An afterimage retreated rapidly, and this retreat was several tens of thousands of feet!
After the man stopped, his body was covered in cracks.
The man looked at the mysterious woman in the distance. At this moment, his eyes were solemn. "Who are you!"
The mysterious woman took a step forward and arrived directly in front of the man. The man's pupils constricted, and he was about to attack when a hand clamped down on his throat. A powerful force locked down his entire body, causing him to be unable to move.
The mysterious woman slowly lifted the man up. She looked at the man and smiled. "Do you understand the situation now?"
The man stared at the mysterious woman. "Who are you!"
The mysterious woman smiled. "From now on, I'm your master. Do you have any questions?"
The man grinned. "My master?
You … "
The mysterious woman suddenly clenched her right hand.
Boom!
The man's body exploded and turned into nothingness.
She killed him!
Down below, Ye Xuan was struck dumb.
Meanwhile, the mysterious woman suddenly turned to look at the well and smiled. "Are you testing me with a clone?"
Meanwhile, a man walked out from within the well!
He was exactly the same as the man from before!
A clone!
The man who came out first was just a clone!
The man looked at the mysterious woman and smiled. "I never expected such an expert like you to exist in this era!"
The mysterious woman smiled. "Let's get straight to the point!
I'll save all of you and you'll follow me for three years. Listen to my orders for three years. Do you have any questions? "
The man looked at the mysterious woman. "What if I don't agree?"
The mysterious woman pointed at the man. "Today is the day you die!"
The man narrowed his eyes and clenched his right hand.
At this moment, Ye Xuan, who was at the side, suddenly said, "A man can be killed, but not humiliated!
Hit her! "
The man turned to glance at Ye Xuan. "Who are you?"
Ye Xuan blinked and said, "I'm just passing by!"
The man stared at Ye Xuan for a while, and then he suddenly frowned. "The Body of Adversity!"
Meanwhile, the mysterious woman suddenly said, "Have you made up your mind?"
The man looked at the mysterious woman. "I don't have the habit of kneeling when I'm born."
Ye Xuan suddenly clapped. "Well done!
You have guts! "
The man glanced at Ye Xuan. "Person with the Body of Adversity, how did you survive until now?"
Ye Xuan thought for a moment and said, "I was lucky!"
The man was speechless.
In the sky, the mysterious woman suddenly opened her palm, and a black box appeared in her hand. The man's pupils constricted when he saw the black box. "The Heaven and Earth Palace!"
The mysterious woman smiled. "Do you want it?"
The man stared at the mysterious woman. "Why is this item in your hands!"
The mysterious woman smiled. "That's not the point. The point is that it's in my hands now. If you want it, I can give it to you. However, my condition is the one just now!"
The man clenched his fists and remained silent.
Beside the Exalted Goddess, Ye Xuan suddenly asked softly, "Exalted Goddess, what is this item?"
The Exalted Goddess glanced at Ye Xuan. "The number one treasure of our era."
Ye Xuan looked at the man in the distance. "Will he be tempted?"
The Exalted Goddess said calmly, "Definitely!"
As expected, the man suddenly stretched out his right hand. "Give it to me. I'll listen to your orders for three years!"
The mysterious woman smiled. "I'll give it to you after three years!"
The man frowned and slowly clenched his right hand.
The mysterious woman shook her head and smiled. "You can try to snatch it!"
The man looked at the mysterious woman. After a long time, he slowly loosened his right hand. "What do you want me to do!"
The mysterious woman smiled. "Nothing for the time being!"
As she said that, she looked at the underground well. There were many powerful auras coming out of it.
The mysterious woman said, "Let your men stay inside. When I need them, let them out!"
The man was silent for a moment. "As you wish!"
As he said that, he gently pressed his right hand in the direction of the underground well. In an instant, the underground well calmed down.
The mysterious woman looked at Ye Xuan in the distance and smiled. "Goodbye!"
With that, she turned and left.
The man suddenly said, "I want to kill some people!"
The mysterious woman stopped in her tracks and looked at the Exalted Goddess in the distance. "Is it them?"
The man nodded.
The mysterious woman shook her head. "You can't kill them!"
The man looked at the mysterious woman. "I can do it myself!"
The mysterious woman smiled. "I said you can't kill them!"
The man frowned. Just as he was about to speak, a mysterious aura suddenly locked onto him.
The man suddenly turned to look at the end of the horizon. He narrowed his eyes. "There are many strong people in this era!"
The mysterious woman smiled. "There are many more than you think!
Also, let me give you a piece of advice. Keep a low profile in this world! "
With that, she turned and left.
The man looked at the end of the horizon. A moment later, he followed the mysterious woman.
In a short while, the two disappeared into the horizon.
Ye Xuan was silent.
Damn, this woman called for another strong helper!
Until now, he didn't know how many helpers this woman had called for!
The Exalted Goddess looked at the right side of the horizon. After a moment of silence, she looked at Ye Xuan. "That man is called Night God. He was the strongest in the prehistoric era. And he, in order to break through, built a super array. He almost sacrificed the people of an entire universe to break through!
And the reason why the prehistoric era declined was because of him. His strength was weaker than that mysterious woman, but not by much.
Now that they have joined forces … "
At this point, she didn't say anything else.
After a moment of silence, Ye Xuan turned to look at the horizon. By this time, An Lanxiu should have found Miss Ding, right?
This aunt is a bit fierce. I can't take it!
.....
.
PS: I'm going back to my hometown!
I've been too busy recently. There are many things to deal with. The outbreak might be delayed. Please understand!
I'm really sorry!
I rarely delay my outbreak. I'm not looking for an excuse. I'm really going back to my hometown to deal with things. I know I'll be scolded, but I have no choice. I'm really sorry!!








Chapter 1502
At the side, Exalted God turned to look at the horizon. There, a little girl holding Xiaoyu turned and left.
Exalted God pondered.
The reason why the mysterious woman stopped was because of that little girl!
Exalted God turned to look at Ye Xuan. She knew that this guy had someone protecting him!
But it was normal. If there was no one, this guy would have been toyed to death!
At this moment, Ye Xuan walked to the side and sat down with his legs crossed. In an instant, countless thunders and dark matter energy were emitted from his body.
Gradually, Ye Xuan's aura became stronger.
...
Somewhere in the starry sky, An Lanxiu suddenly stopped. She looked not far away. In the depths of the starry sky, there was an ancient city.
An Lanxiu came to the city gate. She looked at the top of the gate. There were three big words: Goat City.
An Lanxiu frowned, "Goat City?"
After pondering for a moment, she walked in.
Inside the city, there were people coming and going. There were cultivators and ordinary people.
Soon, An Lanxiu arrived at a small tavern. As soon as she entered the tavern, a woman in green came to greet her. She smiled, "Miss, this is your first time in Goat City, right?"
An Lanxiu's eyes flashed with surprise, "How did you know?"
The woman in green smiled, "Miss, you look unfamiliar!"
An Lanxiu nodded, "Is Miss Ding here?"
The woman in green looked at An Lanxiu, "Are you looking for Miss Ding?"
An Lanxiu nodded.
The woman in green sized An Lanxiu up, "Miss, you are?"
An Lanxiu took out the Sword Spirit and Xiao Ta. When she saw the Sword Spirit and Xiao Ta, the woman in green's eyes suddenly narrowed, "You …"
Xiao Ta suddenly jumped up, "Little Qing, where is Mistress Ding?"
Little Qing smiled, "Miss Ding went out!"
An Lanxiu frowned, "Went out?"
Little Qing nodded, she looked at An Lanxiu, "Is there something urgent?"
An Lanxiu said in a deep voice, "Something very urgent!"
Little Qing said, "Then I will contact her!"
An Lanxiu nodded, "Thank you!"
Little Qing took out a talisman and crushed it. Around 15 minutes later, the space in front of her suddenly trembled. After a while, she looked at An Lanxiu. "She needs five days to rush back!"
An Lanxiu shook her head. "It might be a little slow!"
Qing hesitated for a moment before she said, "Is it something very important?"
An Lanxiu nodded.
Little Qing said solemnly, "Then I'll contact her again!"
As she spoke, she withdrew another Sound Transmission Talisman and crushed it. After a long time, she looked at An Lanxiu. "Three days!
She'll be back in three days! "
An Lanxiu said in a light voice, "Then I'll wait for her here!"
Little Qing nodded. "Alright!"
...
Saint-level.
When the Night God followed the mysterious woman to the Sacred Region, the Night God's expression immediately became solemn.
In this place, he sensed many extremely powerful auras!
At this moment, a woman appeared beside the mysterious woman.
The trees were boundless!
Tree Boundless glanced at Night God, then at the mysterious woman. "The passage is open!"
The mysterious woman nodded. "Let's go!"
The trees pointed forward lightly, and the space in front of them suddenly split open.
The mysterious woman's group of three walked in, and it wasn't long before they arrived at a place of nothingness. A woman was sitting cross-legged in this world!
Qing Zhu!
The founder of the Daoist Path!
At this moment, Qing Zhu opened her eyes and turned to look at the mysterious woman. She smiled. "Is something the matter?"
The mysterious woman grinned. "Have you considered it?"
Qing Zhu shook her head and smiled. "I'm not willing to live on my knees!"
The mysterious woman smiled. "I'm not asking you to live on your knees. We can work together!"
Qing Zhu smiled. "I heard that the Fifth Dimension is very good now?"
The mysterious woman nodded. "It's better than when all of you were here!"
Qing Zhu grinned. "It looks like I didn't misjudge you!"
The mysterious woman looked at Qing Zhu. "So long as you nod, you can leave this place at any time."
Qing Zhu shook her head. "This place is pretty good. I'll stay here!"
The mysterious woman fell silent for a moment before she said, "I respect your decision!"
She turned around and left after she finished speaking.
In the distance, Qing Zhu slowly closed her eyes, and it was unknown what she was thinking.
....
A short moment later, the mysterious woman's group of three returned to the bamboo house.
Shu Wubian asked, "You're not going to kill her?"
The mysterious woman smiled. "There's no need for that. No matter what, she's a respectable person."
Shu Wubian asked in a deep voice, "When are you going to make your move?"
The mysterious woman looked at the depths of the starry sky. A moment later, she slowly closed her eyes. "I can't sense her anymore!"
Shu Wubian asked, "How are you going to kill him?"
The mysterious woman smiled. "I've chosen a very good place for him!"
Shu Wubian was curious. "Where is it?"
The mysterious woman smiled but didn't say anything.
At this moment, a man suddenly appeared not far away. It was the Martial Emperor of the Ultimate Martial Realm, Wu Li!
At this moment, Wu Li had already reached the God Realm.
The mysterious woman smiled. "Eternal Realm!"
Wu Li nodded.
The mysterious woman smiled. "Faster than I expected!"
As she spoke, she suddenly looked to the right. Not far away, a powerful aura swept over. In the next moment, a man emitting Death Qi appeared in front of the four.
The Undying Emperor!
The Undying Emperor looked at the people beside the mysterious woman, and his expression instantly became solemn!
Each of these people was stronger than the previous one!
The Night God's expression was calm, but he was shocked. Not because of the two people in front of him, but because of the people hiding in the dark!
Some of their auras made him feel threatened!
There were many experts here!
The Undying Emperor looked at the mysterious woman. "I'm here!"
The mysterious woman nodded. "I'll bring you to a place!"
After saying that, she gently drew a line with her finger. The space in front of her split open, and the next moment, she walked in!
Shu Wubian and the others followed her in.
About an hour later, in an unknown starry sky, the space suddenly split open, and a group of people walked out!
The mysterious woman was leading them!
In the starry sky in front of the mysterious woman and the others, there was a blood-red door. Around the blood-red door were countless blood-red threads.
Karma threads!
At this moment, the Night God suddenly said in a deep voice, "This is the legendary Disaster Gate!"
The mysterious woman glanced at the Night God and smiled. "As expected of the prehistoric era's strongest expert. You are really knowledgeable!"
The Night God looked at the mysterious woman. "This gate was a legend even in our era. I never thought that it would really exist, and I never thought that you would be able to find it!"
The mysterious woman smiled. "It came to me on its own!"
The Night God said in a deep voice, "What are you trying to do!"
The mysterious woman smiled and looked at the Disaster Gate. "I heard that one can enter the Disaster Realm through this gate.
Actually, I really want to go in and take a look, but I don't dare! "
Shu Wubian looked at the mysterious woman. "Even you don't dare?"
The mysterious woman said softly, "Apart from those three people, no one else dares to go in.
If he goes in, he will die without a doubt.
Because the karma on him is not his own. A large part of it comes from his father and sister … And the karma of those two … How terrifying is it? How can he bear it?
Moreover, there is a universal law in it. "
With that, she slowly closed her eyes. "Apart from those three people, anyone else who attacks will die!"
Shu Wubian said in a deep voice, "Will he go in?"
The mysterious woman smiled. "Force him to go in!"
After she finished speaking, she waved her right hand and put away the Door of Adversity. She turned her head and smiled. "Let's go to the Fifth Dimension!"
Soon, the group disappeared into the starry sky.
...
The Northern Wilderness.
Ye Xuan, who was sitting cross-legged on the ground, suddenly opened his eyes. He stood up and a powerful aura suddenly swept out from his body.
Immortal State Physique!
Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes and clenched his fists. At this moment, he felt that his body was filled with power, endless power!
At this moment, the Exalted God suddenly appeared in front of Ye Xuan. She looked at Ye Xuan. "That woman has gone to the Fifth Dimension!"
Ye Xuan said softly, "She is going to make a move!"
The Exalted God nodded. "That should be the case!"
With that, Ye Xuan chuckled. "What's going to happen is going to happen!"
With that, he turned into a ray of sword light and disappeared into the horizon.
Below, the Exalted God slowly closed her eyes.
At this moment, Mu Xi appeared beside the Exalted God. She looked at the horizon. "Should we help?"
The Exalted God shook her head. "We can't help anymore!"
Mu Xi was silent.
She knew that the situation was no longer within the Northern Wilderness' control.
That woman alone could destroy the Northern Wilderness. Now, there was the Night Goddess.
The Exalted God suddenly said softly, "The world is going to change!"
...
Dao Sect.
The Third Lady, who was sitting cross-legged in the hall, suddenly opened her eyes. After a long time, she said softly, "Is it going to start?"
With that, she stood up and walked to the entrance of the hall. She looked in the direction of the Fifth Dimension. "This battle will definitely be exciting!
I just don't know how many mysterious experts will appear … "
...
The Fifth Dimension.
The mysterious woman and her group appeared in the starry sky of the Fifth Dimension. The mysterious woman waved her right hand and the Door of Disaster appeared not far away from her. The moment the Door of Disaster appeared, the entire Fifth Dimension was suddenly filled with densely packed blood-red threads.
They were all Ye Xuan's Karma Threads!
The mysterious woman looked in the distance. There, a ray of sword light descended. The sword light dissipated and Ye Xuan appeared in front of everyone.
The moment Ye Xuan appeared, the surrounding Karma Threads suddenly trembled. However, they did not rush towards Ye Xuan. Instead, they slowly approached the Door of Disaster.
Ye Xuan looked at the Door of Disaster. "This is prepared for me?"
The mysterious woman nodded and smiled. "Yes!
Go in! "
Ye Xuan shook his head. "I'm not going in!"
The mysterious woman laughed. "You have to go in even if you don't want to!"
With that, she glanced at the starry sky and smiled. "Don't hide!
Since you're here!
Then come out!
In order to deal with all of you, I've been busy! "
After a moment of silence, a voice suddenly came from the starry sky. "Do you really have to be so ruthless?"
Everyone looked in the direction of the voice. There, a woman slowly walked over!
…








Chapter 1503
She held a halberd in her hand and wore snow white clothes.
The expressions of Night God and the others instantly became solemn when they saw her.
The woman who had just appeared was extraordinarily strong!
Night God fell silent while she felt extremely shocked in her heart.
Are there so many experts in this era?
Wu Li had an extremely solemn expression on his face as well. At this moment, he finally understood why she didn't just kill Ye Xuan!
The experts behind Ye Xuan are stronger than the last!
The mysterious woman gazed at Lady and grinned, "Long time no see, Lady."
Lady glanced at the Door of Misfortune, and then she gazed at the mysterious woman, "What exactly do you intend to do!?"
The mysterious woman smiled, "It's very obvious!"
Lady shook her head, "Do we really have to go to such an extent?"
She grinned, "It's meaningless to speak of all of that now."
Lady pointed her halberd at the mysterious woman, "Then let's fight!"
Let's fight!
Her voice rumbled like thunder while her imposing aura shot into the sky.
The mysterious woman shook her head and smiled, "I'm not your enemy!"
As soon as she finished speaking, Tree Boundless appeared in front of Lady.
Lady gazed at Tree Boundless, "You know Tian Ming's temper!"
Tree Boundless laughed coldly, "Worse comes to worse than death!"
Lady nodded, "Then bring it on!"
As soon as she finished speaking, the halberd in her hand suddenly stabbed forward.
Hiss!
The space in front of Tree Boundless split apart as a bone piercing cold halberd stabbed towards her.
A wisp of a cold smile curled up on the corners of Tree Boundless' mouth. She waved her hand, and then countless vines swept out from the space in front of her. In an instant, the halberd was coiled by the vines.
Meanwhile, Lady suddenly shook the halberd in her hand.
Bang!
Countless vines were instantly transformed into pieces while Tree Boundless retreated explosively by 3km!
As soon as she stopped moving, the space behind Tree Boundless shattered into pieces. A ferocious expression flashed through her eyes as she took a step forward, stretched out her right hand, and then made a light gesture. In an instant, countless vines sprayed out from the space around Lady, and they were like numerous pythons that stretched towards Lady. Besides that, a strand of formidable and mysterious energy enveloped Lady, and it was like a cage that firmly locked down the space around Lady.
Tree Domain!
Within the Tree Domain, the power of the tree vines increased by several times. Not only that, but the Tree Domain also had a powerful suppressive force.
Lady slowly closed her eyes, and a moment of silence ensued before she took a step forward and stabbed with her halberd. "Halt the Blade!"
As her voice fell, the space around her suddenly became illusory. Following that, the tree vines began to crack inch by inch, and the boundless Tree Domain also disappeared bit by bit.
This Tree Domain could not withstand the power of her halberd!
At this moment, Tree Boundless suddenly disappeared. A green light flashed, tearing through everything.
Lady's beautiful brows knit together slightly, and then she suddenly leaped up and slashed down with her halberd.
Boom!
An expanse of green light suddenly shattered, and then a figure retreated explosively. This retreat was over 10km away!
It was the Boundless Tree!
The mysterious woman below grinned. "As expected of Lady!"
As she spoke, she looked at Boundless Tree. "Just hold her back!"
Tree Boundless stared fixedly at Lady, and her expression grew even more ferocious. She spread her hands open and said, "Come!"
As soon as the voice fell, the world below suddenly trembled. After receiving the summons of the Tree Boundless, countless leaves gathered from the world like a tide. Wherever the leaves passed, the entire space was torn apart inch by inch. The Dao City below was instantly torn to pieces. Fortunately, the people in the Dao City had already been evacuated by the White Emperor. Otherwise, who knew how many people in the Dao City would have died.
Everyone here was visibly moved as they gazed at the endless leaves.
Lady's expression was calm as she took a step forward, and then she swung her halberd forward. This attack caused the space before her to collapse inch by inch, and so did the countless leaves. However, the leaves seemed as if they were endless, and she couldn't sever them all no matter how hard she tried.
However, the leaves were unable to harm Lady as well!
Lady had always maintained the upper hand in their battle, but her expression was growing more and more solemn.
Because a bloody mark had appeared on her palm at an unknown time. Moreover, the bloody mark was getting deeper and more numerous!
It was the Thread of Karma!
As soon as these bloody marks appeared, she felt like some sort of force was slowly restraining her!
She knew that she had to end the battle as soon as possible!
However, even she wasn't able to kill Tree Boundless in a short period of time!
The mysterious woman withdrew her gaze, and then she gazed at Ye Xuan and smiled, "It's best for you to enter right now. Otherwise, someone will die in a moment!"
Ye Xuan gazed at the door of blood. He felt quite panicked when it appeared here, and he wasn't just panicked, he felt terror as well. It was terror that he couldn't restrain.
He'd never had such a feeling in the past!
He knew that once he stepped foot into the door, then he would be doomed.
The mysterious woman grinned, "If you don't enter, then the entire Fifth Dimension will be buried with you!
Because the calamity of this door is about to form, and your universe won't be able to endure it once it does! "
Ye Xuan gazed at her while he held tightly onto the Supreme Sword in his right hand. He didn't want to accept his fate just like that.
The mysterious woman smiled and said, "I know that your physical body has just broken through, and your strength is several times stronger than before.
Furthermore, there's still that Life Fist. However, I can tell you that even if you burn all of your lifespan, your Life Fist won't be able to threaten me!
Not to mention you, even if the Dao Sect's ancestor is here, his Life Fist won't be able to do anything to me.
If you enter, I'll take this door away without harming the Fifth Dimension. However, if you resist with all your might and summon the power of faith, then once the calamity is formed, the Fifth Dimension will be destroyed in an instant. At that time, you won't be the only one to die, but everyone!
Calamity, calamity, whoever helps you will be haunted by the calamity. Do you understand? "
Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes. He didn't want to accept his fate, but he also didn't want to bring everyone around him to die with him!
At this moment, a hand suddenly grabbed his hand.
Ye Xuan opened his eyes and looked beside him. It was Nian Nian!
Nian Nian smiled. "It's not the most desperate time yet!"
Ye Xuan was stunned, and then he said, "Sister Nian?"
Nian Nian smiled and said, "Yes."
Ye Xuan smiled and asked, "When did you recover your memories?"
Nian Nian licked the candied fruit. "It's been some time!
However, due to some reasons, I could only seal my memories! "
Ye Xuan asked, "The cause of calamity?"
Nian Nian nodded. "Yes."
As she said that, she looked at the mysterious woman in the distance. "You really went big!
You even attracted this thing! "
The mysterious woman looked at Mu Niannian and said with a smile, "Miss Nian Nian, you still chose to make a move in the end!"
Mu Niannian laughed. "I didn't want to make a move at first, but I can't just watch you force him to his death like this!"
As she said that, she put away the candied fruit and said with a smile, "You should have made thorough preparations!
Tell me, are you my opponent or someone else? "
The mysterious woman smiled and said, "No one else is your match!"
Mu Niannian blinked. "So, let's play?
To be honest, I really want to fight you. After all, you're also known to be invincible under three swords. To be honest, I'm not convinced! "
The mysterious woman smiled and said, "I also want to fight you!
However, you're not my opponent! "
Nian Nian glanced at the people behind the mysterious woman and said with a smile, "They're not my match!"
Night God suddenly stood up. He looked at Nian Nian and said with a smile, "Aren't you being a little too arrogant?"
Nian Nian opened her palm and a sword appeared in her hand. The next moment, she slashed out with her sword!
It was a very casual slash!
In the distance, Night God's pupils suddenly constricted. He punched out, and space distorted under his punch.
Boom!
As a sword beam exploded, Night God retreated tens of thousands of feet away!
Nian Nian waved the sword in her hand and the corners of her mouth curled up. "Is it wrong to say that you're weak?"
Night God stared at Mu Niannian and was about to attack again when the mysterious woman suddenly said, "You're not her match!"
Night God gazed at the mysterious woman, and the mysterious woman smiled, "She's the 4th Sword of the World!"
Night God didn't attack again because his right arm had split open, and a powerful strand of sword energy was raging within his body. He had to suppress the remaining sword energy within his body.
Mu Niannian gazed at the mysterious woman and smiled, "If all the people you've found are like this, then I'm quite disappointed!"
The mysterious woman smiled, "You can play with the Cause of Disaster!"
As soon as she finished speaking, the Door of Disaster suddenly trembled violently. A moment later, a blood-red bolt of lightning shot out, and its target was Mu Niannian.
Mu Niannian's eyes narrowed slightly as she slashed down with her sword.
Boom!
An expanse of sword energy shattered, and Mu Niannian was blasted back by 3km.
Ye Xuan's face sank when he saw this. What exactly is the Door of Disaster?
Mu Niannian glanced at the Door of Misfortune. In the next moment, she suddenly vanished, and a ray of light flashed by.
The sword was like a clap of thunder.
Before anyone could react, a ray of sword energy slashed down on the Door of Disaster.
Boom!
The Door of Disaster shook violently, and a wave of blood-red light shot out.
Rumble!
The sword energy shattered, and Mu Niannian returned to her original position.
The Door of Disaster was not damaged at all!
Around Mu Niannian, a dozen or so blood-red threads appeared. These threads were extremely strange.
Lines of Disaster Karma!
These Lines of Disaster Karma wrapped around Mu Niannian, and she discovered that the vitality in her body was slowly disappearing. Not only that, but the spiritual energy around her was also moving away from her!
The entire world was rejecting her!
Mu Niannian frowned slightly. She was a Fifth Dimension Tendo. Logically speaking, the spiritual energy of the Fifth Dimension should not be rejecting her. After all, she was a Fifth Dimension Tendo.
But at this moment, not only was the spiritual energy rejecting her, but even the world was rejecting her!
Mu Niannian slowly closed her eyes. She opened her palms, and countless rays of sword energy crisscrossed around her.
Hiss! Hiss! Hiss!
Ear piercing sounds of slicing resounded incessantly around Mu Niannian. The space around her had been torn apart and erased, but the Lines of Disaster Karma still existed!
However, the Lines of Disaster Karma had become slightly dimmer.
The mysterious woman in the distance had a rare trace of seriousness in her eyes when she witnessed this scene.
She knew how terrifying the Lines of Disaster Karma were, but Mu Niannian's sword was actually able to affect them!
Mu Niannian frowned deeply when she saw that her sword was unable to slice through the Lines of Disaster Karma. She was just about to attack again when the mysterious woman suddenly said, "The more you attack, the more Lines of Disaster Karma there will be, and the faster you'll die!
Besides that woman, no one can resist these Lines of Disaster Karma! "
Mu Niannian gazed at the mysterious woman, "I thought you would fight me!"
The mysterious woman smiled, "I'm not afraid of you, but I didn't come here today to spar with you."
As she spoke, she gazed at Ye Xuan, "The Calamity is about to form. If you don't go in now, then once it forms, the might of the Calamity can easily destroy the entire Fifth Dimension tens of thousands of times!
Even Miss Nian Nian won't be able to resist the Calamity. "
Ye Xuan gazed at the Door of Disaster. A blood red cloud had appeared in the sky above the Door of Disaster, and countless blood red strands of lightning were gradually gathering within the cloud.
The Calamity!
Mu Niannian suddenly said, "You've joined forces with the Cause of Disaster!"
The mysterious woman shook her head, "Actually, I don't know what the Cause of Disaster is. I only know that when I go against Ye Xuan, it will secretly help me. I tried to contact it earlier, but I never expected that it would actually respond and bring me this Door of Disaster …"
As she spoke, she gazed at Ye Xuan and smiled, "It seems that the Cause of Disaster really, really wants to kill you.
And now, whoever helps you will suffer from the backlash of the Cause of Disaster! "
Ye Xuan glanced at Mu Niannian. At this moment, an endless amount of Death Qi had appeared in Mu Niannian's body. Not only that, but a lot of turbid Qi had also appeared in the Fifth Dimension. It was unknown where this turbid Qi had come from!
It was as if it had appeared out of thin air!
This turbid Qi was slowly corroding the Origin of the Fifth Dimension.
The mysterious woman looked at Ye Xuan, "Ye Xuan, if you don't go in, you will implicate everyone. Anyone related to you, as long as they help you, will die without a doubt.
Also, it's best if you don't use the power of faith. Otherwise, everyone in the Fifth Dimension who believes in you will suffer the Calamity! "
Ye Xuan shook his head and smiled, "I'm only in the Dao Realm!
Do you have to go so far? "
The mysterious woman shook her head, "You have too many helpers!
Even if the plain-dressed woman doesn't make a move, I won't be able to defeat the people below if they join hands! "
Ye Xuan looked at the Door of Disaster. At this moment, Mu Niannian suddenly pulled Ye Xuan's hand, "Don't surrender so easily!"
Ye Xuan shook his head, "I don't want to implicate you!
Especially you! "
Mu Niannian smiled, "Between us, why talk about implicating me?
Isn't your problem my problem? "
Ye Xuan smiled bitterly, "Sister Nian …"
At this moment, the mysterious woman suddenly said, "Ye Xuan, you don't have much time left!"
Ye Xuan looked at the mysterious woman, and the mysterious woman smiled, "Don't have any delusions!
I said before, I am invincible under the three swords! "
"Who do you think you are?
Are you worthy of being called invincible under the three swords? "
A voice suddenly came from the distant starry sky. The next moment, the space in the depths of the starry sky cracked, and a powerful aura swept over …
….
PS: The eruption has been delayed. Big Brother, Uncle, please be gentle with your scolding ….
I'm very sorry.








Chapter 1504
Another expert had appeared!
Night God and the others who stood by the mysterious woman's side turned to look towards the depths of the starry sky. A ray of light suddenly appeared there, and then the entire starry sky was torn apart. A sword instantly arrived above the mysterious woman's head, and then it descended in a straight line.
Space shattered inch by inch at the moment the sword descended, and a powerful strand of sword energy shook the starry sky, causing the entire starry sky to crack inch by inch. It was an extremely shocking scene!
The mysterious woman laughed with ridicule, "You're still so arrogant!"
When the sword arrived 30m away from her head, she suddenly shot into the sky and smashed her fist against it.
Skysplit Punch!
The sword shattered and the starry sky was obliterated by a single punch!
Meanwhile, another ray of light slashed down!
The mysterious woman smashed her fist forward again!
Rumble!
She instantly retreated explosively by over 3km in the face of this attack!
A woman in a white robe stood where the mysterious woman had been standing just now!
Tu!
The white robed woman stood there with a sword in hand, and her gaze was icy cold.
The expressions of Night God and the others instantly became extremely solemn when they saw the white robed woman!
Another extraordinary expert has arrived!
Moreover, it's a Swordsman!
Night God took a deep glance at Ye Xuan who stood nearby. Exactly how many helpers does he have?
The white robed woman turned to look at Ye Xuan, and her expression instantly became savage when she saw the blood red Karmic Threads that covered Ye Xuan's body. She turned to look at the mysterious woman in the distance, "That damnable woman!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she suddenly vanished.
In the instant that the white-robed woman disappeared, Mu Niannian also disappeared.
The two of them had attacked together!
It was obvious that they intended to kill the mysterious woman first!
Mu Niannian and Tu were the best Swordsman in the world. So, how terrifying would their joint forces be?
A cold smile arose on the corners of the mysterious woman's mouth as soon as the two women vanished, and then she took a step forward. The space around her instantly seethed, and then she clenched her right fist tightly before a strand of ghastly green flames swept out from it.
A moment of silence ensued before she suddenly smashed her fist forward.
Boom!
The space around her was set ablaze, and a force capable of destroying heaven and earth instantly devoured the two sword lights. However, in the blink of an eye, she had retreated hundreds of thousands of feet away!
When she stopped, there was a deep sword mark between her eyebrows and her throat!
However, the two sword scars were recovering at a speed visible to the naked eye. In less than a breath's time, the two sword scars had disappeared without a trace.
The expressions of everyone in the surroundings had become solemn when they witnessed this scene!
Ye Xuan was also a little shocked. Was the Undying Bloodline so terrifying?
Nian Nian and the white-robed Qing'Er's swords couldn't kill her?
Was it true that only three strikes could kill her in one strike?
The white-robed woman looked at the mysterious woman without saying anything. No one knew what she was thinking.
Mu Niannian suddenly said, "Her bloodline is a little strange!"
The white-robed woman was expressionless. "Undying Bloodline!"
As she spoke, she looked at Ye Xuan, "The activated Mad Demon Bloodline!
I'm going to use my bloodline to suppress hers! "
Ye Xuan shook his head, "I can't sense the Mad Demon Bloodline anymore!"
The white-robed woman was slightly puzzled, "Why?"
Ye Xuan looked at the mysterious woman in the distance, "It was sealed by her!"
When he spoke up to this point, he was slightly angry!
This woman had planned this from the very beginning when she first found him!
The white-robed woman appeared by Ye Xuan's side, and she placed her right hand on Ye Xuan's shoulder. After a short moment, she frowned.
Mu Niannian asked, "Can it be undone?"
The white-robed woman shook her head, "You can't force it!
Otherwise, the two bloodlines will clash and he will die! "
As she spoke, she turned to look at the mysterious woman in the distance, "Sealing his bloodline will make it have one less natural enemy. Moreover, it will make it so that the man can't sense his condition. What a good plan!"
The mysterious woman smiled, "Tu, after so many years, you still have such a bad temper!"
The white-robed woman did not speak any nonsense. She suddenly disappeared. In the distance, the mysterious woman stood in the same place. She did not dodge. In the blink of an eye, the white-robed woman appeared several dozen feet behind her.
There was a blood red sword hole between the mysterious woman's eyebrows. But in the blink of an eye, that blood red sword hole disappeared!
It was directly restored!
Seeing this scene, Ye Xuan's face sank. This woman could not be killed!
The mysterious woman suddenly disappeared. In the distance, the white-robed woman suddenly turned around and slashed down with her sword!
Bang!
Along with the sound of an explosion, a fiery light suddenly erupted in front of the white-robed woman. The white-robed woman retreated several dozen feet. She had just stopped when the space in front of her suddenly split open, and a fist mark came straight at her!
The white-robed woman stabbed out with her sword.
Bang!
The fist mark directly shattered. The white-robed woman retreated several dozen feet. She had just stopped when a flaming fist mark suddenly fell straight down from the top of her head!
The white-robed woman's mouth curled into a sinister smile.
She held her sword and suddenly soared into the sky.
Om!
A sword howl reverberated through the starry sky. A strand of dazzling flame and sword energy suddenly exploded in the starry sky, and then powerful sword energy and flames instantly swept through the starry sky. At this moment, the entire starry sky seethed and gradually became illusory!
Mu Niannian suddenly vanished on the spot, and then a strand of sword energy tore through the sky.
At this moment, she would naturally not allow the white-robed woman to have a fair battle with the mysterious woman. After all, this wasn't a spar!
At the instant that Mu Niannian attacked, the Door of Misfortune suddenly shook violently. In the next moment, a blood red bolt of divine lightning shot explosively towards Mu Niannian!
Mu Niannian's eyes narrowed slightly, and then she followed up with a slash with her sword.
Hiss!
The starry sky was torn apart, and then a ray of sword energy struck the blood red bolt of divine lightning.
Bang!
The ray of sword energy shattered, and Mu Niannian instantly retreated 3km. However, the blood red bolt of divine lightning didn't vanish, and it shot straight towards Mu Niannian!
Wherever the blood-red divine lightning passed, space was directly erased!
It was obliterated!
Everyone in the surroundings was visibly moved when they witnessed this scene!
After all, how formidable was the force required to obliterate an expanse of space?
Mu Niannian slowly closed her eyes. When the blood red bolt of divine lightning arrived in front of her, she suddenly opened her eyes, and then the sword in her hand trembled violently. She took a step forward and slashed with her sword!
As soon as her sword descended, an expanse of sword energy slashed directly against the blood red bolt of divine lightning.
Bang!
The ray of sword energy forcefully stopped the blood red bolt of divine lightning on the spot. However, it didn't shatter into pieces. Conversely, the ray of sword energy grew more and more illusory.
Mu Niannian slashed once more, and a ray of sword energy slashed against the blood red bolt of divine lightning. However, it still didn't vanish. Conversely, her ray of sword energy was instantly devoured. After it devoured Mu Niannian's ray of sword energy, the bolt of divine lightning suddenly transformed into countless bolts of lightning that shot towards Mu Niannian!
Mu Niannian's brows knit together slightly. She was just about to attack when over a dozen blood red threads appeared around her. As soon as these blood red threads appeared, the vitality within her body instantly vanished at a visible speed!
Even her sword energy couldn't resist it!
Meanwhile, Ye Xuan appeared in front of Mu Niannian, and a ferocious expression flashed through his eyes before he slashed with his sword!
Rumble!
The ray of sword energy was instantly obliterated. At the same time, Ye Xuan was blasted over 10km away, and his body had even become pitch black. He'd been charred by the lightning!
His Immortal Stage Taoist Body was as fragile as a piece of paper under the blood-red divine thunder. If it weren't for his Immortal Bloodline, his body would have been completely annihilated even if his Divine Soul didn't perish!
However, the blood red divine lightning still hadn't vanished, and it had arrived in front of Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan's pupils constricted, and he was just about to attack again when Mu Niannian appeared in front of him.
Mu Niannian took her sword with both hands and slashed it forward!
Bang!
An expanse of ray of sword energy instantly enveloped the blood red divine lightning, and it was instantly forced to stop. However, it didn't vanish. Conversely, Mu Niannian's ray of sword energy was being devoured bit by bit!
At this moment, the space around Mu Niannian had become pitch black!
It was Death Energy!
It was an unusual form of Death Energy. Because there were threads of blood red threads within the Death Energy.
The Death Energy was gradually corroding Mu Niannian's body!
It wasn't just Mu Niannian, Lady who was fighting Shu Wubian in the distance was surrounded by the Death Energy as well!
Besides that, the entire starry sky was filled with all sorts of Muddy Energy!
As for the layer of clouds in the sky above the Door of Misfortune, they had turned blood red, and lightning flickered within them.
Ye Xuan gazed at the white robed woman and the mysterious woman. They were still locked in battle, but the white robed woman wasn't gaining any advantage.
Because the mysterious woman really couldn't be killed!
Even if the white robed woman slit her throat with her sword, she still wouldn't die.
Presently, both of them could be said to be on par. But if this continued, the mysterious woman would definitely gain the upper hand. Because Karmic Calamity Threads had appeared around the white robed woman as well, and there were over 100 of them!
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Qing 'er!"
The white robed woman suddenly stopped, and then she turned around to gaze at Ye Xuan, "I'm here!"
Ye Xuan shook his head and walked over to the white robed woman. When he saw the Karmic Calamity Threads coiling around her, he felt an indescribable pain in his heart, "I'm sorry!"
The white robed woman looked straight at Ye Xuan, "I'm here, nothing will happen!
Not unless I die! "
Ye Xuan was about to speak, but at this moment, countless blood red bolts of divine lightning suddenly appeared in the sky above the Door of Misfortune!
The mysterious woman suddenly said, "Ye Xuan, if you don't go in, the divine lightning will destroy the entire Fifth Dimension.
Whether it's my Qing 'er or Mu Niannian, they won't be able to resist it. Not only them, but everyone related to them will die! "
As she spoke, she glanced at the Door of Misfortune, and a rare trace of seriousness flashed through her eyes.
In fact, the might of the Door of Misfortune had exceeded her expectations!
She couldn't control the Door of Misfortune at this moment!
Because even she couldn't resist the Tribulation of Misfortune!
The white robed woman looked at the mysterious woman and was about to attack again.
The mysterious woman smiled, "Tu, you can't kill me!
If you continue fighting, you'll definitely die!
Moreover, haven't you noticed?
The more you attack, the stronger the Door of Misfortune becomes! "
The white robed woman looked at the Door of Misfortune. At this moment, the Door of Misfortune was emanating an extremely terrifying pressure, and this pressure caused even her heart to palpitate.
The Door of Misfortune was growing stronger and stronger!
The white robed woman slowly closed her eyes. Her right hand tightly clenched the sword in her hand, and the sword trembled as it accumulated power.
After a short while, the white robed woman raised her head and looked towards the depths of the starry sky. She knew that only that woman could resist the Door of Misfortune!
But what about that woman?
Wasn't she resisting the Cause of Misfortune?
At this moment, the Door of Misfortune suddenly trembled violently. In the next moment, the blood red divine lightning above it became violent, and the entire Fifth Dimension started to be destroyed inch by inch!
The expressions of everyone present changed when they witnessed this scene!
Even the mysterious woman's eyes were filled with a solemn expression!
She sensed danger!
Actually, she was extremely shocked right now. She knew that she'd severely underestimated the Cause of Misfortune until now!
At this moment, she finally understood why the woman in a plain dress had resisted the Cause of Misfortune for Ye Xuan!
If the woman in a plain dress hadn't been standing in front of him, then Ye Xuan wouldn't have been able to survive even if he had a hundred lives!
Right at this moment, the blood red divine lightning above the Door of Misfortune suddenly spread outwards, and it was about to leave the layer of clouds!
Once it left the layer of clouds, then not only would the Fifth Dimension be instantly destroyed, even Mu Niannian and Tu might not be able to survive!
The mysterious woman was retreating in the distance.
Right at this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly gazed at the mysterious woman and smiled, "Since you want me dead so badly, then I'll fulfill your wish!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he transformed into a ray of light that shot into the Door of Misfortune!
The expressions of Tu and Mu Niannian instantly changed drastically when they witnessed this scene. They wanted to stop him, but it was too late. Because Ye Xuan was truly too close to the Door of Misfortune!
Just as the two ladies were about to stop him, Ye Xuan had already entered the Door of Adversity. The moment he entered the Door of Adversity, a beam of golden light suddenly shone from the starry sky. "Holy shit, Young Master, don't be rash …"
As soon as the voice resounded, a ray of golden light followed Ye Xuan into the Door of Misfortune. A horrified voice suddenly resounded from within the Door of Misfortune. "Fuck! Let me out …."
The entire Door of Misfortune trembled violently, and then the Karmic Threads of Misfortune in the surroundings suddenly surged back into the Door of Misfortune like tidewater. Besides that, the blood red divine lightning instantly surged into the Door of Misfortune as well!
The white robed woman and Mu Niannian didn't even hesitate to charge into the Door of Misfortune. At this moment, they felt as if they'd been struck by lightning!
Right when they approached the Door of Misfortune, it suddenly closed, and then it transformed into a blood red screen of light that vanished into the starry sky!
The white robed woman's pupils constricted, and she swiftly clawed forward. "Come back!"
As soon as her voice resounded, an enormous hand suddenly pierced through the starry sky and appeared in the deepest depths of the starry sky. However, the enormous hand had just appeared when it was instantly shattered by a ray of blood red light!
Moreover, the Door of Misfortune had vanished completely!
The white robed woman's face instantly turned pale when she witnessed this scene.
Mu Niannian's face was pale as a sheet as well!
Meanwhile, two women suddenly walked over from afar!
One of them was An Lanxiu. At this moment, An Lanxiu seemed as if she'd lost her soul as she walked slowly.
There was another woman standing by An Lanxiu's side. She wore a white dress and wore a veil over her face.
The mysterious woman glanced at the veiled woman who'd just appeared and smiled, "Miss Ding!
We're too late!
Ye Xuan will definitely die, and Tian Ming will definitely not choose to live alone!
All of them will die!
We'll all die together! "
As she spoke, she took a deep breath and seemed extremely pleased.
Miss Ding gazed at the mysterious woman, "I did all of this for the sake of avenging my son!"
The mysterious woman smiled, "Then shouldn't I be avenging him?"
Miss Ding looked the mysterious woman in the eyes, "He's my son!"
The mysterious woman was slightly stunned, and then she roared with laughter, "Miss Ding, that joke isn't funny at all!"
Miss Ding just gazed at the mysterious woman, "Have you ever seen me joke?"
The mysterious woman stared fixedly at Miss Ding, "My son was born at the same time as him, and then the Cause of Misfortune descended. After that, my dear older sister seized the opportunity while I was unconscious to use my son as a vessel for the Misfortune. After that, my son wasn't able to endure the Cause of Misfortune, and his soul was destroyed. On the other hand, Tian Ming rushed over to protect her son …."
Miss Ding suddenly said, "Tian Ming is protecting her son!
Do you know why she's been able to survive for so long?
Because Tian Ming is giving face to her son!
Otherwise, does she really think she can scheme against her?
While she's playing with her wits, we're still playing with mud!
It was only because she was his biological mother that she didn't behead him!
Do you understand? "
The mysterious woman seemed as if she'd been struck by lightning, and she retreated a few meters. She stared fixedly at Miss Ding while her entire body trembled. "No … Impossible … No … Ah … Impossible …."
….








Chapter 1505
"Impossible?"
Miss Ding looked at the mysterious woman with a calm expression, "Do you think there's any point in me lying to you?"
The mysterious woman looked at Miss Ding with a ferocious expression and scarlet eyes, "If he really was my son, why didn't you tell me earlier?
Why! "
Miss Ding looked at the mysterious woman, "Did you give me a chance?"
As if she thought of something, the mysterious woman's face instantly turned pale.
Miss Ding said, "Back then, when the calamity descended, Tian Ming blocked it. In order to protect him, I had no choice but to bring him to his father with your sister.
But I didn't expect that Tian Ming didn't tell you the truth. "
Saying that, she shook her head, "But that's normal. At that time, she disliked everyone, so why would she tell you this?"
The mysterious woman slowly closed her eyes, her whole body trembling, "I asked her, and she said that my son's life or death has nothing to do with her."
Miss Ding shook her head and sighed. If Tian Ming had explained back then, this wouldn't have happened.
Actually, Tian Ming's temper was many times better than before!
In the past, Tian Ming looked at everyone as if they were dead.
Explain?
It was already good enough that she didn't stab you!
You still want her to explain to you?
You're thinking too much!
In this woman's eyes, there was no one else but her brother.
Now, because of Ye Xuan, Tian Ming's temper was much better, at least like a normal person.
Miss Ding collected her thoughts and looked at the mysterious woman, "I looked for you, but I couldn't find you!
I didn't expect you to hide in the dark and make things so big! "
The mysterious woman suddenly said with a trembling voice, "Since Tian Ming knew I was taking revenge on Ye … him … why didn't she stop me?
Why?
No … no, she wanted to use me to draw out the Cause of Misfortune! "
Miss Ding nodded, "The Cause of Misfortune has always been hidden, so she had no way to attack!
But because of you, the Cause of Misfortune has begun to appear, which is exactly what she wanted!
But she never expected that the Cause of Misfortune would activate the Gate of Misfortune to kill him.
This matter is beyond the capabilities of the few of us! "
At this moment, the white-robed woman pointed her sword at the mysterious woman, "Where is the Gate of Misfortune!"
The mysterious woman raised her head and looked into the depths of the starry sky. After a long time, a trace of confusion flashed through her eyes. "I can't feel it anymore!"
The white-robed woman's mouth curled into a savage smile. "I'll kill you!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she was about to attack, but she was stopped by Miss Ding!
Miss Ding looked at Tu. "Miss Tu, the only one who can find the Door of Disaster now is her."
The white-robed woman gripped her sword tightly with her right hand, her expression becoming more and more ferocious.
Miss Ding looked at the mysterious woman. "We must find the Door of Disaster as soon as possible, or else …"
The mysterious woman shook her head. "I can no longer sense the Door of Disaster!"
Miss Ding looked at the mysterious woman. "Think of a way!"
The mysterious woman was silent for a long time. "We can't look for the Door of Disaster. We have to look for him!
Sense him!
Hurry up! "
Miss Ding asked, "What do you have in mind?"
The mysterious woman spoke in a low voice, "When I sealed his Crazed Devil Bloodline earlier, I left my power in his body!"
As she spoke, her body suddenly soared into the sky. She looked into the depths of the starry sky and spread out her hands. Flames suddenly burned around her …
Just like that, after a quarter of an hour, the mysterious woman's pupils suddenly shrank as if she had sensed something.
Seeing this scene, Miss Ding and the others' expressions instantly sank!
Tu stared at the mysterious woman. "Speak!"
The mysterious woman looked into the depths of the starry sky and said with a trembling voice, "His life is flowing away at an extremely fast speed …"
Miss Ding said in a low voice, "Do you know the location of the Door of Disaster?"
The mysterious woman said, "I can only sense a rough direction. Moreover, the Door of Disaster seems to have brought him to an unknown world …"
Miss Ding suddenly said, "You, Miss Nian Nian, and Tu chase in that direction. You must catch him. Don't let it bring him too far away, and don't lose him!
I will go find his father! "
As she finished speaking, she turned around and left.
Tu stared at the mysterious woman. Her gaze was like a sword, and she wanted to kill!
Nian Nian suddenly said, "Let's go!"
The mysterious woman turned around and looked at Shu Wubian, who was not far away. Shu Wubian looked at the mysterious woman, but did not speak.
This was awkward!
That Ye Xuan was actually this woman's son!
The mysterious woman looked at Shu Wubian. "Don't touch the Fifth Dimension."
Shu Wubian said in a low voice, "Okay!"
The mysterious woman glanced at Night Deity and the others. "You all guard the Fifth Dimension and wait for my son to return!"
As she finished speaking, she turned into a flame and disappeared into the ends of the starry sky.
Night Deity and the others looked at each other …
Mu Niannian and Tu also disappeared into the ends of the starry sky!
The three women raised their speed to the limit and tore through the starry sky!
The mysterious woman in the lead looked at the endless starry sky with bloodshot eyes. "Wait for me!
You must wait for me … "
...
As the mysterious woman and the others left, the scene suddenly became quiet!
After a moment of silence, Night Deity turned around and left!
Only now did he understand why the mysterious woman had asked him to keep a low profile!
The number of experts in this era was not just an ordinary amount!
He really had to keep a low profile!
He felt that he had to properly develop himself. Otherwise, his survival would be in danger.
Not far away, Princess did not choose to leave. Before Miss Ding left, she had asked her to guard the Fifth Dimension.
Currently, Ye Xuan and Mu Niannian were not in the Fifth Dimension, so there needed to be a super expert guarding it.
Princess looked at the depths of the starry sky with a trace of worry in her eyes. The Door of Adversity was so terrifying. Could he resist it?
If Ye Xuan really died in the Door of Adversity, then the matter would be really serious.
With that woman's temper, no one could survive!
...
Somewhere in the starry sky, Miss Ding was shuttling through the starry sky. Beside her was An Lanxiu.
Miss Ding's expression was also solemn. The might of the Door of Adversity had greatly exceeded her expectations.
It could be said that at present, apart from those three people, basically no one could resist the Door of Adversity.
With Ye Xuan's current strength, could he survive if he entered it?
If Ye Xuan died, what would happen to Tian Ming?
What would happen to the green-robed man?
"Sigh!"
Miss Ding sighed softly. When she found out that something was about to happen to Ye Xuan, she'd put down everything she was doing and rushed over. But she hadn't expected that she would still be too late.
Meanwhile, An Lanxiu spoke softly, "He'll be fine, right?"
Miss Ding looked towards the depths of the starry sky. "I hope he's fine!"
An Lanxiu's face instantly turned pale when she heard this.
...
After an unknown amount of time, Ye Xuan opened his eyes slowly. His expression changed the moment he opened his eyes!
At this moment, he was in a blood red world. Above him was an expanse of blood red clouds, and boundless lightning flickered within the clouds.
Ye Xuan's expression became solemn when he saw this.
The Door of Adversity!
He knew that he was within the Door of Adversity right now.
Meanwhile, a voice suddenly resounded by Ye Xuan's side. "Young Master, we're finished!"
Ye Xuan was shocked when he heard this, and he turned around to look. Xiao Ta was hopping around nearby, and he seemed to be very anxious!
Ye Xuan blinked. "Why did you come in?"
Xiao Ta immediately jumped in front of Ye Xuan. "I didn't want to come in either!
I was sucked in by it! "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Xiao Ta suddenly said, "Young Master, what do we do now?"
Ye Xuan looked up at the sky. The blood red lightning was growing more and more violent, and its might was growing stronger and stronger.
With his current strength, he wouldn't even be able to withstand a single bolt of blood-colored lightning, let alone so many.
Meanwhile, Xiao Ta said, "Young Master, I think we have to think of a way to escape!"
Ye Xuan looked at Xiao Ta. "Can you contact your master?"
Xiao Ta shook his head. "No, I can't. Everything is blocked here, and my master is very, very far away from here. Even if he's outside, I can't contact him!"
He couldn't contact the man in green!
Ye Xuan said softly, "It seems that we can only rely on ourselves!"
Xiao Ta was a little excited. "Young Master, do you have any ideas?"
Ye Xuan looked around. He couldn't see the end of it, and he could confirm that they were in an unknown world.
As if he had thought of something, Ye Xuan suddenly frowned. He looked up at the sky. Why didn't the blood red lightning attack him?
This wasn't normal!
Suddenly, the clouds above his head suddenly turned into a strange black vortex. As the black vortex formed, all the blood red lightning in the sky instantly gathered towards the black vortex.
Ye Xuan's frown deepened when he witnessed this scene, and there was a trace of bewilderment in his eyes. "What's it trying to do?"
Xiao Ta said, "Young Master, I think it might be about to unleash an ultimate technique!"
As soon as he finished speaking, an enormous pillar of lightning suddenly emerged from within the vortex. The pillar of lightning was almost 3km long and over 1km wide. Along with the appearance of the pillar of lightning, an indescribably formidable pressure instantly swept down from the sky, and the entire heavens and the earth warped at this moment.
Xiao Ta was slightly excited when he witnessed this scene, "Young Master, look. I wasn't wrong. It really is about to unleash an ultimate technique!"
Ye Xuan's face darkened. "You guessed right!"
As he spoke, he grabbed Xiao Ta, and then he transformed into a ray of light that vanished into the distance.
At the instant he vanished, the blood red pillar of lightning above him suddenly pierced through the starry sky. When it appeared once more, it was already over 500km away above Ye Xuan. At the same time, a strand of formidable pressure directly sealed off the surroundings around Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan stopped moving when he witnessed this scene. He knew that he couldn't escape!
He could only resist it head-on!
Ye Xuan raised his head to look at the blood red pillar of lightning. He knew that not to mention his current strength, even if his strength increased by 10 times, it would still be impossible for him to resist this divine lightning!
Ye Xuan took a deep breath, and then he turned around to look at Xiao Ta and smiled, "Stay away from me. This thing is only targeting me. Understand?"
As he spoke, he suddenly clenched his fists tightly. In an instant, a strand of flames appeared around him!
He was burning his lifespan!
Since he had no way out, then he had to fight to the death!
Ye Xuan held his sword in hand as he gazed at the descending enormous pillar of lightning, and he grinned. "Isn't it just death?
Come on! "
As soon as he finished speaking, he suddenly soared into the sky. However, before he could even get close to the pillar of lightning, his body began to crack bit by bit. Although he had the Immortal Bloodline, the recovery speed of the Immortal Bloodline couldn't keep up with the speed of his body's destruction!
When Ye Xuan arrived at a place ten zhang away from the pillar of lightning, he held his sword with both hands and slashed upwards.
A ray of sword light pierced through the sky!
The moment he swung his sword, Ye Xuan felt as if his entire body had been sucked dry. He slowly fell from the sky. At this moment, he only had less than half a year of lifespan left, and he had used up all his strength to swing this sword!
This was the most powerful sword he had ever used!
In the sky, Ye Xuan slowly fell. He looked at the horizon as his sword light slashed the blood red pillar of lightning.
Boom!
The blood red pillar of lightning shook violently, and his sword light was instantly drowned by the lightning!
The blood red pillar of lightning plunged straight down!
Seeing this, Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes!
He had tried his best!
He had really tried his best!
Not to mention him, even Nian Nian might not be able to resist this thing!
Right at this moment, Xiao Ta, who was beside Ye Xuan, suddenly transformed into a ray of golden light and soared into the sky. Xiao Ta directly collided with the blood red pillar of lightning.
Boom!
A ray of lightning and a blood red light exploded between heaven and earth!
The lightning pillar was actually forced to stop!
However, soon, the lightning pillar erupted with a dazzling ray of lightning, and Xiao Ta was directly pressed down to the ground.
At this moment, Xiao Ta's voice resounded in the sky. "Young Lord, hurry up and run!
I can't hold on for much longer! "
Run?
A trace of confusion flashed in Ye Xuan's eyes.
How could he run?
They were in this world now, and it was useless to run anywhere!
Thinking of this, Ye Xuan's lips curled into a ferocious smile. He slammed his right hand on the ground, and his entire body soared into the sky, once again slashing at the blood red pillar of lightning. However, in an instant, Ye Xuan directly fell from the sky, and finally crashed into the ground.
As for the golden light around Xiao Ta, it was slowly being devoured!
Xiao Ta wailed, "Master!
Save me!
I can't hold on any longer! "
Below, Ye Xuan wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth, and once again soared into the sky …
....
In the outside world, the Door of Woe Disaster carried a ray of lightning as it continuously pierced through the starry sky. Its speed was extremely fast, and in the blink of an eye, it passed through countless galaxies. No one knew its destination!
At this moment, the Door of Woe Disaster suddenly appeared in the starry sky. As soon as it appeared, a blood red ray of lightning swept across the starry sky. Wherever the blood red ray of lightning passed, the space was directly wiped out. In the next moment, it directly disappeared into the deepest part of the starry sky.
....
In some unknown star region, a Swordsman in a cloud white robe was slowly walking in the starry sky.
Swordsman looked into the depths of the starry sky and shook his head. "In the vast universe, there isn't even a single strong person. How boring!"
At this moment, the space behind him suddenly split open, and the next moment, a blood door flew out.
The Door of Woe Disaster!
After the Door of Woe Disaster appeared, a blood red ray of lightning appeared in the starry sky. Its speed did not decrease, and it headed straight for Swordsman in the distance.
It was not looking for Swordsman, but was just passing by. However, this Swordsman just happened to be blocking its path.
Seeing the Door of Woe Disaster shooting towards him with a blood red ray of lightning, a trace of confusion flashed in Swordsman's eyes. "What is the meaning of this?"
…
PS: I recommend a book from my hometown, "Heaven's Dome".
It's a cultivation book, and if you like cultivation books, you can go read it. It already has more than a million words, and you can help me collect it.
Finally, I ask for tickets. Although I didn't explode, I still ask for tickets!
That's right, my skin is so thick!








Chapter 1506
Not only did the Door of Woe Disaster not slow down, it even sped up!
Behind it, the starry sky was destroyed!
Everything was destroyed wherever the blood-red lightning passed!
Looking at the unfriendly blood door, the Swordsman frowned. He suddenly flicked his left thumb and the scabbard in his hand shook violently. A ray of sword light flew out and slashed at the blood door.
Boom!
The blood-red lightning around the blood door turned into nothingness, and the blood door was slashed tens of thousands of feet away. As soon as it stopped, its entire body cracked, but it did not completely shatter!
The Door of Woe Disaster trembled. It was a little confused.
What had it encountered?
Without hesitation, it turned to run. However, at that moment, the Swordsman appeared in front of it. The Swordsman looked at the Door of Woe Disaster and a trace of surprise flashed in his eyes. "There's a familiar aura!"
As he said that, he turned into a ray of sword light and charged at the Door of Woe Disaster!
The Door of Woe Disaster shook violently and a ray of lightning shot out. However, before the lightning could touch the ray of sword light, it turned into nothingness!
The Door of Woe Disaster: "…"
....
Inside the Door of Woe Disaster, Ye Xuan crashed to the ground again. Not only him, but Xiao Ta also crashed to the ground beside him.
One man and one tower, they had tried their best!
Although Xiao Ta was tough, he had not fused with Ye Xuan. Therefore, Ye Xuan could not fully unleash his true power, and it was too late for him to fuse with him now!
Xiao Ta lay beside Ye Xuan and said in a trembling voice, "Young Master, I don't want to die!
Why don't we surrender? "
Ye Xuan's face darkened. Surrender?
Was this something that could be solved by surrendering?
Just as the lightning pillar was about to fall, the space in the distance was suddenly torn apart. The next moment, a Swordsman in a white robe walked in.
Following the appearance of the Swordsman, the blood-colored lightning pillar suddenly stopped and shot directly towards the Swordsman. At the same time, countless blood-colored lightning bolts appeared in the sky and converged towards the Swordsman like red snakes …
At this moment, Ye Xuan also realized that something was wrong. He opened his eyes and turned to look.
Not far away, the Swordsman slowly approached. He wore a cloud-white robe and held a sheathed sword in his hand.
Ye Xuan was stunned when he saw the Swordsman.
One of the sword masters at the top of the tower!
Why would he appear here?
From afar, Swordsman looked at the lightning pillar and shook his head. "Too weak!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he gently flicked his left thumb.
Buzz!
Inside the sheath, a sword pierced through the air. Under Ye Xuan's astonished gaze, the lightning pillar was directly cut in half by the sword. Following that, the huge lightning pillar was directly erased, along with all the blood-colored lightning bolts in the world!
With one sword, all tribulations would cease to exist!
Not only that, but the entire world had begun to turn illusory!
Ye Xuan was dumbfounded.
Was this guy really that strong?
From afar, Swordsman shook his head again, a trace of disappointment flashed in his eyes. "This is the Calamity of Disaster?
It's too weak, so boring! "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
At this time, countless blood-red silk threads suddenly appeared around Swordsman.
However, these blood-red silk threads could not get close to him at all!
A trace of surprise flashed in Swordsman's eyes. "Calamity Karma Thread!"
At this time, Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Senior?"
Swordsman looked at Ye Xuan and smiled. "Are you alright?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Why are you here, Senior?"
Swordsman smiled. "By chance!"
Ye Xuan blinked. "By chance?" Swordsman nodded. "When this door was traversing through space, it almost hit me!
So, I came in to have a look, but I didn't expect to meet you!
Looks like this is really God's will! "
Ye Xuan was petrified on the spot!
If this Swordsman was not lying, then this Calamity Door was too unlucky!
Swordsman suddenly looked at Xiao Ta who was standing next to Ye Xuan, a trace of surprise flashed in his eyes. "This tower …"
Lil 'Pagoda instantly flew in front of the sword cultivator. It jumped up and down excitedly. It was obvious that it recognized the sword cultivator.
Swordsman smiled and asked, "Where's your master?"
Xiao Ta said, "Master is in a very, very far away place!
I can't sense him anymore! "
Swordsman nodded slightly. "I see!"
Saying so, he looked at Ye Xuan. "How did you end up like this?
As far as I know, isn't that woman helping you resist the Calamity Karma? "
Ye Xuan smiled bitterly. "It's a long story!"
Swordsman nodded. He looked around. At this moment, the world around him was becoming more and more illusory!
Swordsman smiled and said, "Let's go out!"
Saying so, he directly disappeared with Ye Xuan. When the two of them reappeared, they were already in a starry sky.
And in front of the two of them, the Gate of Woe was about to escape. Swordsman suddenly pointed with his fingers, a ray of sword light directly enveloped the Gate of Woe. He was about to attack again when Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Senior, please wait!"
Swordsman looked at Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan looked at the Gate of Woe. "Senior, can you give this gate to me?"
Swordsman smiled and said, "This gate can withstand my sword without breaking, it's definitely not an ordinary item. Are you sure you want it?"
Ye Xuan thought for a moment and then said, "How about this, senior can help me suppress it, that is, make it unable to use the divine lightning!"
Swordsman glanced at the Gate of Woe. "Sure!"
Saying so, he pointed with his fingers, two rays of sword light directly entered the Gate of Woe. These two rays of sword light directly suppressed the Gate of Woe!
Swordsman looked at Ye Xuan and said with a smile, "It's done!"
Ye Xuan walked in front of the Gate of Woe. The Gate of Woe trembled slightly, and Ye Xuan directly stored the Gate of Woe into the Prison Pagoda within his body.
If it was just the Prison Pagoda alone, it naturally wouldn't be able to suppress the Gate of Woe. However, with the presence of Swordsman's sword light, it was different!
The Gate of Woe was very obedient within the Prison Pagoda!
At this time, Swordsman suddenly said, "Heal your injuries first!"
Ye Xuan nodded, he sat cross-legged on the ground, the Undying Blood around his body was rapidly repairing his body. Very quickly, in less than half an hour, his body had recovered to its original state!
Needless to say, Ye Xuan was a little shocked, the recovery ability of the Undying Blood was a little too abnormal!
As if thinking of something, Ye Xuan suddenly looked at Swordsman, "Senior, someone left a seal in my body, sealing my original Mad Demon Blood, can you help me remove it?"
Swordsman sized up Ye Xuan, he slightly nodded, "Yes!
However, once the seal is removed, the two types of blood will coexist in your body, can you suppress it? "
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "I'll try!
If I can't, then I'll need Senior's help! "
Swordsman smiled, "Sure!"
Saying so, he pointed with his fingers, and a ray of sword light directly entered Ye Xuan's body.
Boom!
Inside Ye Xuan's body, something seemed to disappear, in an instant, a powerful force of blood surged out from Ye Xuan's body!
Mad Demon Blood!
At this moment, the blood in Ye Xuan's body was boiling!
Bloodline power!
When the Mad Demon Blood appeared, Ye Xuan's whole body directly turned into a blood man!
Ye Xuan's face suddenly changed!
He felt the anger of the Mad Demon Blood!
At this moment, the Mad Demon Blood was extremely angry, it had been sealed for so long, how could it not be angry?
Ye Xuan found that the Mad Demon Blood was directly draining his Undying Blood's force!
Seeing this scene, Ye Xuan's face suddenly changed. If they fought, wouldn't he be played to death?
He quickly began to suppress the Mad Demon Bloodline, but it was useless. The more he tried to suppress it, the crazier the Mad Demon Bloodline became. Most importantly, the Undying Bloodline was not a peaceful master. Although it was being suppressed by the Mad Demon Bloodline, it was not afraid!
As soon as the two bloodlines started fighting, Ye Xuan's whole body directly twisted, especially the blood vessels in his body, it was as if they were about to explode, it was extremely terrifying!
At this time, the Swordsman was about to make a move, but Ye Xuan suddenly said fiercely, "You want to play?
I'll play with you!
Everyone, let's play together! "
As he said that, he directly burned his flesh!
Boom!
A flame directly wrapped his body!
Under the wrapping of this flame, the vitality in Ye Xuan's body began to fade!
At this time, the two bloodlines in his body suddenly stopped!
Seeing this scene, Ye Xuan also breathed a sigh of relief. He knew that if he did not teach these two bloodline powers a lesson, these two bloodlines would definitely ride on his head in the future!
Seeing that the two bloodlines stopped, Ye Xuan waved his right hand, the flame on his body directly disappeared.
The Swordsman smiled and said, "Indeed, we can't spoil them!"
Ye Xuan smiled and then looked at the Swordsman. "Senior, where is this place?"
The Swordsman looked around and then shook his head. "I don't know!"
Ye Xuan blinked. "I don't know?"
The Swordsman smiled and said, "I really don't know!"
Ye Xuan asked again, "Then where are you going?"
The Swordsman shook his head. "I don't know either!"
Ye Xuan was a little puzzled. "You …"
The Swordsman smiled and looked into the depths of the starry sky. "I'm looking for powerful people. Of course, other than people, other powerful creatures will also do!"
Ye Xuan was a little curious. "Why are you looking for them?"
The Swordsman smiled and said, "I want to be defeated!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
To be defeated!
Ye Xuan sized up the Swordsman and then said, "Senior, what level have you reached?"
The Swordsman shook his head. "I don't know!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The Swordsman looked into the depths of the starry sky with a trace of loneliness in his eyes. "I also want to know what level I've reached. Unfortunately, I don't have an opponent."
As he said that, he patted Ye Xuan's shoulder lightly and sighed. "Actually, I'm very envious of you!"
Ye Xuan was a little puzzled. "Envious of me for what?"
The Swordsman smiled and said, "Envious that you can be defeated!
As for me, I've been seeking defeat for hundreds of thousands of years!
The days of being invincible are too painful! "
Ye Xuan suddenly coughed. He felt a little suffocated and did not want to continue the conversation.
At this time, the Swordsman said again, "I originally thought it was a little boring, but now I have a goal."
Ye Xuan was a little curious. "What goal?"
The Swordsman looked into the depths of the starry sky and said excitedly, "The cause of disaster!
I also want to see this cause of disaster for myself. "
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Senior, can you sense the cause of disaster?"
The Swordsman shook his head. "I can't sense it!
The path of karma is a bit mysterious, and your cause of disaster is not only mysterious, but also complicated. No wonder the two of them wanted to find the source of this cause of disaster … It's really not simple! "
Ye Xuan glanced at the Swordsman. "Senior, between you and Qing 'er, who's stronger?"
The Swordsman asked, "Are you talking about the woman in the plain dress?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes!"
The Swordsman smiled slightly and did not say anything.
.....








Chapter 1507
Ye Xuan had always been curious about the strength of the master of the three swords at the top of the pagoda.
Who was stronger?
Swordsman chuckled, "I can't kill her, but she can't kill me either!"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan understood.
Swordsman continued, "She is a very good opponent, but she is very busy. Therefore, I have an agreement with her. After she finishes dealing with her matters, we will fight again.
But from the current situation, I'm afraid it will take a long time because the Cause of Disaster on your body is very complicated. "
Ye Xuan looked at his body. Around him, there were still countless Karmic Lines of Disaster.
These Karmic Lines of Disaster did not corrode his body, and there was no death aura either. He did not know why.
However, according to his guess, it might be because of the Disaster Constitution.
Swordsman suddenly asked, "What are your plans?"
Ye Xuan looked around. "Senior, is this place far from the Fifth Dimension?"
Swordsman shook his head. "I don't know!"
Ye Xuan looked around. This was a completely unknown starry sky. He had no idea where he was!
He wanted to contact someone in the Fifth Dimension, but he could not!
It was too far!
Voice transmission talisman could not transmit over such a long distance!
At this time, Swordsman suddenly said, "I want to go to a place in front. Do you want to come with me?"
Ye Xuan looked into the distance. "Where is it?"
Swordsman smiled. "I don't know!"
Ye Xuan was speechless. This guy did not know where he was going!
Swordsman asked again, "Are you going?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes!"
Swordsman smiled. "Let's go!"
Swordsman walked into the distance.
Ye Xuan hurriedly followed.
On the way, Ye Xuan glanced at Swordsman. "Senior, why don't we use Sword Kinesis Flight?"
Swordsman chuckled. "Calm your heart and think!"
Ye Xuan was a little puzzled. "Calm down and think?"
Swordsman nodded. "Your heart is rather impetuous and needs to settle down.
A Swordsman's heart should be as tranquil as water, without the slightest ripple. "
Ye Xuan said nothing.
Impetuous!
He knew that his heart had always been restless.
Swordsman continued, "To cultivate the sword is to cultivate the mind. With a calm mind, you can make your sword faster and sharper!"
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Senior, you shattered the lightning pillar with a single sword strike earlier, but I think that sword strike was very ordinary."
Swordsman smiled faintly, "That sword seemed ordinary, but it has nearly 200,000 years of accumulation."
Ye Xuan suddenly unsheathed his sword and slashed. A wisp of sword light tore through the air, tearing apart the space a thousand feet away!
Instant Kill Sword!
It was an extremely fast sword strike!
Ye Xuan turned to look at Swordsman. "Senior, please give me some pointers!"
Swordsman said nothing.
Ye Xuan smiled. "Senior, please go ahead!"
Swordsman shook his head. "That sword strike is too trashy."
Ye Xuan: "…"
Swordsman continued, "This sword technique is actually quite good. I can see that the person who created this sword technique was very thoughtful. However, your sword cultivation is too weak. Moreover, your swords are extremely complicated."
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Please give me some pointers, senior!"
Swordsman said, "The reason why your sword strike was so fast earlier was 50% due to your physique. You can try to use this sword strike without your physique!"
Ye Xuan thought for a moment and slashed out.
Instant Kill Sword!
A thousand feet away, the space was pierced by a wisp of sword light!
And the speed of this sword strike was much, much slower than before!
Ye Xuan's expression sank. This time, he did not use his physique's strength!
Swordsman said, "Your sword is not pure enough.
Of course, this doesn't mean that you can't cultivate your physique and soul. The stronger your physique and soul are, the more beneficial it is for your sword cultivation. However, you're putting the cart before the horse!
Because your physique is stronger than your sword!
Moreover, there's also the power of your bloodline. Your swordsmanship itself is not strong, but with the power of your bloodline and your physique, your battle prowess is not bad. "
Saying that, he glanced at Ye Xuan. "The path you've taken is a bit off!"
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Then how should I correct it?"
Swordsman smiled. "Do you want to be a Swordsman or a physique cultivator?"
Ye Xuan did not hesitate. "Swordsman!"
Swordsman nodded. "That's easy!
I'll seal your physique and the power of your bloodline!
Are you willing? "
Ye Xuan was a little hesitant.
Without his physique and the power of his bloodline, his battle prowess would be reduced by at least 50%!
Especially the combination of a Godly State physique and the Immortal Bloodline, this was too abnormal!
The reason he could last so long in the Door of Wretched Disaster was because of his powerful Godly State physique and the Immortal Bloodline!
If he gave up on this physique and the Immortal Bloodline, not only would his battle prowess be reduced by 50%, but his ability to survive would also be gone!
Swordsman did not speak again. The choice was up to Ye Xuan.
After a while, Ye Xuan suddenly looked at Swordsman. "Then let's seal it!"
Swordsman smiled. "Have you thought about it?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes!"
Swordsman nodded. "Good!"
Saying that, he pointed his finger and a ray of sword light directly entered Ye Xuan's body.
Boom!
In the blink of an eye, Ye Xuan's Mad Demon Bloodline and Immortal Bloodline were directly suppressed by Swordsman's sword qi!
Even Ye Xuan could not awaken these two bloodlines!
Swordsman looked at Ye Xuan. "I can't seal your physique because you've already cultivated it. I can only break your physique and then reconstruct it for you. Are you willing?"
Ye Xuan was stunned. "I can't seal it?"
Swordsman nodded. "You've already cultivated your physique. How can I seal it?
I can only break it! "
Ye Xuan was really hesitant this time!
It was not easy for him to cultivate his physique to the Godly State!
If he broke it, it would mean that all his previous efforts would be for naught!
Swordsman said, "You have to think about it carefully!"
Ye Xuan suddenly smiled. "I won't think about it!
Break it! "
Swordsman looked at Ye Xuan. "All or nothing?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Swordsman nodded slightly. "Alright!"
Saying that, he pointed a finger at Ye Xuan's chest.
Boom!
Ye Xuan's eyes suddenly widened. His physique was instantly broken, leaving only his soul!
A Godly State physique was more fragile than paper in front of Swordsman!
Swordsman looked at Ye Xuan. "Begin to reconstruct your physique!"
Ye Xuan nodded. He sat cross-legged in space and began to reconstruct his physique.
With his current strength, reconstructing his physique was a very simple matter. In less than half an hour, his physique was successfully reconstructed!
Ye Xuan looked at his physique with mixed feelings.
His current physique was an ordinary physique!
He was no longer an unkillable cockroach!
At this time, Swordsman suddenly said, "From now on, the only thing you can rely on is the sword in your hand!"
Ye Xuan looked at Swordsman. "Understood!"
Swordsman smiled. "Let's go find our opponent!"
Saying that, he walked into the distance.
Ye Xuan hurriedly followed along with Xiao Ta.
Along the way, Swordsman said, "Swordsman, a sword is enough. From now on, you must have this belief in your heart!
Other than the sword, everything else is a burden! "
Ye Xuan nodded. "Alright!"
From now on, Ye Xuan was a simple Swordsman!
Other than the sword, he had nothing else!
He could only believe in the sword in his hand!
Just like that, a big Swordsman and a small Swordsman walked into the depths of space.
...
In an unknown star sector, the mysterious woman who was rushing at the front suddenly stopped. She seemed to have sensed something and her face instantly turned pale.
Seeing this scene, the woman in white's expression immediately became gloomy.
Mu Niannian's expression was also a little ugly. "What's wrong?"
The mysterious woman said with a trembling voice, "The seal I left in his body is gone!"
Mu Niannian frowned slightly. "It's gone?"
The mysterious woman nodded. She stared at the depths of space in the distance, her entire face ashen.
Tu suddenly looked at the mysterious woman. She slowly clenched her right hand and was about to make a move. Next to her, Mu Niannian suddenly said, "Just because it's gone doesn't mean he's dead!"
Tu and the mysterious woman looked at Nian Nian. Nian Nian said in a deep voice, "It's also possible that the seal in his body has been broken by someone!"
The mysterious woman shook her head. "There are only three swords that can silently remove my seal!
His father is not in this universe, and that woman is not in this universe … and there's another person … "
At this point, she did not continue.
At this moment, Mu Niannian suddenly said, "Don't think about the worst!"
As she said this, she looked into the depths of space. "When that door tore through space, it left behind a trace. If we follow those traces … he must still be alive!
Definitely! "
After saying this, she directly turned into a sword light and disappeared into the end of space.
Tu coldly looked at the mysterious woman. "If anything happens to him, I'll tear you apart!"
After saying this, she also turned into a sword light and disappeared into the end of space.
The mysterious woman looked into the depths of space. She clenched her fists. "He must be alive … he must!"
After saying this, she directly turned into a flame and disappeared into the end of space.
...
Somewhere in space, Ye Xuan walked slowly with the Swordsman.
The Swordsman walked very slowly. There was not a hint of a Swordsman's aura on him. If he was not holding a sword, perhaps no one would think that he was a Swordsman!
Ye Xuan walked slowly. He had been constantly observing the Door of Disaster in the Prison Pagoda.
This Door of Disaster was very obedient now. It was hiding on the ninth floor.
On the ninth floor, there was also Xiao Ta!
Xiao Ta floated in front of the Door of Disaster. He jumped up and down. "Little Gate, do you want to talk?"
The Door of Disaster did not respond.
Xiao Ta said again, "Why don't you recognize me as your big brother!
If you recognize me as your big brother, when Master and Xiao Bai come, I'll plead for you. Otherwise, you'll be beaten to death!
And Xiao Bai, do you know Xiao Bai?
She'll suck you dry! "
The Door of Disaster still did not respond.
Xiao Ta suddenly knocked on the Door of Disaster. "Hey, are you mute?"
The Door of Disaster still did not respond.
Xiao Ta walked around the Door of Disaster. He chuckled and said, "Little Gate, did you hit yourself silly?
I have purple gas. Do you want me to heal you? "
There was still no response from the Door of Disaster!
At this moment, Xiao Ta suddenly floated in front of the Door of Disaster. He looked at the Door of Disaster and said, "Little Gate, if you don't want to recognize me as your big brother, that's fine too. You can recognize me as your father!
How about that? "
At this moment, the Door of Disaster suddenly shook violently. It directly collided with Xiao Ta.
Boom!
The entire Prison Pagoda shook violently.
Ye Xuan was speechless.
…
PS: If you don't want to vote for me, then reward me!!!








Chapter 1508
In the starry sky, Ye Xuan was surprised.
He was sure that this Door of Misfortune was sentient. Or rather, it had a spirit!
However, this spirit did not show itself!
At this moment, Swordsman suddenly laughed. "This door isn't simple!"
Ye Xuan nodded.
He knew Swordsman's strength. For this door to be able to withstand one of Swordsman's sword attacks, he had to admit that this was a terrifying feat.
Although this Swordsman might not have used his full strength, it was still not an ordinary attack.
Swordsman asked again, "You left this door behind because you want to use it to find the Root of Misfortune?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes."
Swordsman shook his head. "With your current strength, it's best not to search for the Root of Misfortune because it's not something you can resist!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "I understand!
However, it's better to leave it behind for now! "
Swordsman smiled. "Sure!"
The two continued forward.
Along the way, Ye Xuan looked at the starry sky in the distance and asked softly, "Senior, does this starry sky have an end?"
Swordsman shook his head. "I don't know!"
Saying so, he looked at the starry sky around him and smiled. "From the looks of it, this part of the universe should have no end. I also hope that it has no end. If there is an end and there are no strong opponents at the end, then there's no point in living!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
This guy's words were too hurtful!
This guy just wants to be defeated!
Ye Xuan looked at Swordsman. "Senior, is your goal to be defeated?"
Swordsman laughed. "To die!"
Ye Xuan was puzzled. "Don't you have any relatives?"
Swordsman shook his head. "I only have my sword left!"
Only my sword left!
Ye Xuan was silent.
It could be seen that this Swordsman was a lonely person. Without any restraints, perhaps seeking defeat was his only desire to live.
Seeming to have thought of something, Ye Xuan asked again. "Senior, is the Sword Dao divided into realms?"
Swordsman thought for a moment and said, "In my opinion, the Dao of the Sword is divided into 3 realms!"
Ye Xuan quickly asked, "What realm?"
Swordsman laughed: "First, Common Sword."
Ye Xuan blinked. "Mortal Sword!
I've achieved it before! "
Swordsman shook his head. "That's not really an ordinary sword!
A true Mortal Sword was the kind of Mortal that returned to its natural state. In order to achieve this, one must first achieve Great Accomplishment in Sword Dao … This was similar to a person who, after reaching a peak, returned to his natural state and returned to being ordinary.
This kind of ordinary is not simply ordinary, but ordinary after experiencing the peak, and your ordinary … You are really ordinary, understand? "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Swordsman continued, "The Realm of Common Sword is divided into 4 realms. The first realm, seeing a mountain as a mountain, the second realm, seeing a mountain is not a mountain, the third realm, seeing a mountain is still a mountain, and the fourth realm, seeing a mountain is not a mountain."
Ye Xuan was a little puzzled. "A mountain is not a mountain?"
Swordsman nodded and pointed to the distant starry sky. "Look at this vast starry sky, what do you see?"
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "The starry sky!"
Swordsman shook his head. "Look again!"
Ye Xuan looked at the distant starry sky. After a long time, he shook his head. "It's still the starry sky!"
Swordsman smiled. "What is the starry sky?"
Ye Xuan was slightly stunned and then fell into silence.
What was the starry sky?
He could not answer this question!
Because he had never thought of this question!
Swordsman chuckled. "What you know now is all within a rule. This rule is like a big circle that restricts everyone.
Just like a fish in the sea, in its world, there is only water and no land.
It is the same for humans. In the process of growing up, people will naturally be influenced by the surrounding environment and traditional thinking. In the process of thinking, they will often be bound by their own thinking framework, making it difficult for them to break through their current situation, and thus be stuck in a state of stagnation.
The final realm of Common Sword is to jump out of the existing rules, jump out of the existing way of thinking.
If you are always trapped in your previous knowledge during cultivation, it will be very difficult for you to have any new breakthroughs. "
As he said that, he looked into the distant starry sky. "This is the starry sky, yes, but it can also be something else, what do you think?"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan gripped the sword in his hand tightly. Suddenly, he felt as if he had opened up something.
Swordsman said again, "Cultivating the sword is cultivating the heart, but do you know what cultivating the heart is?"
Ye Xuan looked at Swordsman. Swordsman smiled. "In many people's view, cultivating the heart is to purify the soul and cultivate the nature of the mind!
In fact, it is not just that. Cultivating the heart is to cultivate one's own shortcomings. People must constantly look for their own shortcomings, and only then can they understand themselves more clearly.
In fact, many people in this world do not dare to face their own hearts. Not only do many people not dare to face their own hearts, they have always been avoiding their own hearts, not daring to be their true selves! "
Ye Xuan looked at Swordsman and said in a deep voice, "Senior, you said to face one's heart, but what if one's heart is dirty and evil?
Do you also have to face it and obey it? "
Swordsman smiled. "Why not face it directly?
If one's heart is dirty and evil, then change! "
Ye Xuan shook his head. "Many people will obey, so there are many evil people in this world!"
Swordsman smiled. "This kind of person is a failure!
Facing one's heart is not asking you to obey it, but to subdue it!
In a certain stage, a person's greatest opponent in this life is not others, but themselves. "
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "In a certain stage?
In other words, there is another stage? "
Swordsman smiled. "For example, in my current stage, because I have subdued my heart, I now want to find a strong opponent, because only by failing can I find my own shortcomings, only then can I know how to become stronger!"
Ye Xuan said softly, "I understand!
The path of sword Dao Yi requires constant exploration, constant pursuit, and constant change. "
Swordsman smiled. "You are worth teaching!"
Ye Xuan looked into the depths of the starry sky. "I want to find an opponent!"
Swordsman smiled. "I will bring you there!"
Ye Xuan turned to look at Swordsman. "Senior, you just said that there are three realms in sword Dao!
What is above Mortal Sword? "
Swordsman smiled. "Reach Mortal Sword first, then think about other things!
You have to take it step by step! "
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Great!"
Saying so, he turned to look behind him.
In fact, he was a little worried that the Fifth Dimension would miss them, but unfortunately, he did not know where he was!
He could not go back even if he wanted to!
However, it should not be a big problem, because the Door of Calamity had already left the Fifth Dimension. Without the calamity, Nian Nian and the others were definitely not afraid of that mysterious woman!
He should work hard to improve his strength first!
Especially now, with the guidance of Senior Swordsman, it was a once in a lifetime opportunity for him!
Right now, he only wanted to become stronger!
Only by becoming stronger could he change his fate!
At this moment, Xiao Ta suddenly floated out. At this moment, Xiao Ta's body was covered in lightning!
Obviously, this guy had been beaten up!
Xiao Ta floated in front of Ye Xuan. "Young master, let's fuse!"
Ye Xuan blinked his eyes. "Fuse?"
Xiao Ta quickly nodded. "After we fuse, I will be able to use you to display my powerful strength!
And you will also be able to use me to display your powerful strength!
Fuse!
I want to kill that broken Door!
They actually don't recognize me as their father!
They don't give me any face! "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Swordsman shook his head and smiled. "You are more mischievous than before!"
He had seen Xiao Ta in the past, but at that time, Xiao Ta was not so mischievous.
As if he thought of something, he said, "Do you often hang out with that white guy and that horned little girl?"
Xiao Ta was a little surprised. "How did you know?
I play with Xiao Bai and Er Ya every day!
Following them is fun! "
Swordsman shook his head. "No wonder!"
Following those two little guys, no matter how honest a guy is, he will change.
Ye Xuan smiled. "I will not fuse with you for the time being!"
Xiao Ta was a little puzzled. "Why?
After fusing with me, you will become very powerful! "
Ye Xuan looked at the sword in his hand. "Now, I want to rely on my sword to become powerful, and not other external objects!"
Xiao Ta was a little anxious. "I am not an external object!
I am your family's Xiao Ta!
Young master, let's fuse!
If I don't fuse, I can't beat that broken Door! "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Xiao Ta continued, "As long as you fuse with me, I will give you treasures!
I have a lot of treasures!
They were all placed in the tower by Xiao Bai!
Do you want them? "
Ye Xuan was a little hesitant. The treasures left behind by that little guy were definitely not ordinary treasures!
However, he still shook his head and refused!
He had already given up on his God Realm body. No matter how good the treasures were, they would not be able to attract him!
Now, he only wanted to improve his Sword Dao cultivation base!
Along the way, Xiao Ta kept begging but Ye Xuan was not moved!
Seeing that he could not be persuaded, Xiao Ta returned to the Prison Pagoda. This time, he started to deceive the Prison Pagoda!
He wanted to join forces with the Prison Pagoda to attack the Door of Disaster …
In the starry sky, Ye Xuan and Swordsman walked slowly. Just like that, after walking for about three days, the two suddenly stopped.
In front of the two of them, there was a huge mountain. The mountain was like a huge sword hanging upside down in the starry sky. On top of the mountain, one could vaguely see an ancient palace.
Ye Xuan was a little curious. "Senior, this is?"
Swordsman shook his head. "I don't know!"
Ye Xuan hesitated for a while and then said, "What do we do now?"
Swordsman smiled. "Go and challenge it!"
Ye Xuan blinked. "Me?"
Swordsman nodded. "In this place, there is no one worthy for me to draw my sword!
So, go and challenge it! "
Ye Xuan looked at the mountain in the distance and then said, "What kind of challenge?"
Swordsman smiled. "Go directly!
Be arrogant! "
Ye Xuan was a little hesitant. "Is it not good to be too arrogant?"
The sword cultivator smiled and said, "No!"
Ye Xuan nodded. He walked towards the mountain in the distance. Not long after, a powerful divine sense directly locked onto him. Feeling this divine sense, Ye Xuan's expression instantly changed!
What the hell is this place?
The owner of this divine sense is so strong!
A voice suddenly sounded in front of Ye Xuan. "What's the matter?"
Ye Xuan subconsciously said, "I'm asking for death!"
As soon as he said that, he was immediately stunned.
F * ck, what did I say?
.....








Chapter 1509
Die!
At this moment, Ye Xuan's mind was in a mess. That wasn't something that could be said casually!
Ye Xuan glanced at the nearby Swordsman. It's all this fellow's fault!
I've actually put on an act as well!
Meanwhile, the voice in front of Ye Xuan resounded once more. "Are you joking?"
Ye Xuan hurriedly nodded. "Yes!
What a joke!
To tell you the truth, I've come here to challenge the geniuses of your esteemed sect. Let's have a friendly spar! "
The voice said, "You've come to challenge the sect?"
Ye Xuan thought for a moment, and then he nodded. "Yes!"
He felt that he had to be a little arrogant!
He couldn't lose in terms of imposing manner!
Meanwhile, a formidable aura suddenly swept down from the peak of the mountain, and it was like a torrent that shot straight towards Ye Xuan!
The formidable aura instantly locked down the space around Ye Xuan!
This wasn't an ordinary expert!
Ye Xuan gazed at the Swordsman. The Swordsman grinned and showed no intention of attacking.
Ye Xuan understood now!
He wanted him to attack himself!
Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes. He held the hilt of his sword in his right hand, and he was accumulating strength while waiting to attack.
When the aura arrived over 10m away from him, he suddenly drew his sword and slashed.
Sword Drawing Technique!
It was a pure Heavenrend Drawing Technique. It wasn't enhanced by the energy of one's bloodline, physical strength, Sword Domain, or the energy of faith!
It was Heavenrend Drawing Technique!
With a slash of the sword, a sword light fell straight down!
However, the ray of light had only just descended when it shattered into nothingness. At the same time, Ye Xuan's figure was blasted 3km away. As soon as he stopped moving, the space around him shattered, and his body instantly cracked apart!
He'd heavily injured himself with a single strike!
Ye Xuan glanced at his body, and then he shook his head and laughed bitterly. His current combat strength was at least 50% weaker than before!
If it was before this, then even if he couldn't resist this attack, his formidable physical body would still be able to resist it.
But now, his body couldn't take it anymore!
Ye Xuan raised his head and looked into the distance. At this moment, a middle-aged man appeared in front of Ye Xuan. The middle-aged man wore a white robe and a scarf on his head. He looked like a scholar!
The middle-aged man glanced at Ye Xuan, then looked at Swordsman. When he saw Swordsman, his face instantly turned solemn!
Danger!
That was his first impression of the Swordsman!
There weren't many things in this world that could make him feel danger!
The middle-aged man asked in a deep voice, "You are?"
Swordsman smiled and said, "I'm here to accompany this young friend!"
The middle aged man glanced at Ye Xuan, hesitated for a moment, and then said, "What are the two of you doing?"
Swordsman said: "Let's compare notes!"
The middle-aged man finally understood.
He was bringing his juniors to gain experience!
He had done something like this before!
Let's compare notes!
When he thought up to this point, the middle-aged man grinned, "Then let the juniors have fun!"
Swordsman nodded, "Alright!"
The middle-aged man glanced at Ye Xuan, and then he turned to look at the peak of the mountain, "Any second generation disciple!"
Ye Xuan's face instantly darkened when he heard this!
Any second generation disciple!
He's looking down on me!
As soon as the middle-aged man finished speaking, a ray of white light leaped up from the peak of the mountain. In the next moment, a young man appeared not too far away from Ye Xuan. The young man wore a grey robe, had a handsome face, and held a spear in his hand!
The middle-aged man gazed at the young man, "Zhu Lian, don't go overboard!"
The young man nodded, "Understood!"
As he spoke, he gazed at Ye Xuan who stood in the distance, "Make your move!"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Please!"
Qingcheng, Ye Clan, Ancestral Hall.
"Ancestors, Ye Xuan has no talent and no virtue …. From this moment onward, Ye Xuan's position as Crown Prince shall be removed, and Ye Lang shall succeed him."
The one who spoke was an old man in a black robe.
Not too far behind the old man stood a young man with a faint smile on his face.
This person was Ye Lang.
On both sides were the Ye Clan's Elders.
"Why!"
At this moment, a slightly timid voice suddenly resounded in the ancestral hall.
Everyone turned to look and saw a little girl standing at the door. She was about 12 or 13 years old, and her hands were tightly gripping the hem of her skirt. Her face had a sickly pallor, and she looked a little weak. There was even a trace of fear in her eyes.
The young girl was called Ye Ling, and she was Ye Xuan's younger sister. When she heard that the clan wanted to remove Ye Xuan from his position, she disregarded her illness and rushed over.
The black-robed old man frowned, "Ye Ling, what are you doing!"
The young girl called Ye Ling bowed to the people in the ancestral hall, and said timidly, "Great Elder, my brother Ye Xuan is a Crown Prince, why did you remove his title for no reason?"
The Great Elder looked coldly at Ye Ling, "This is a matter of the clan, what are you interrupting?
Leave! "
Ye Ling was obviously afraid, and did not dare to look at the Great Elder, but she did not leave. Instead, she plucked up her courage and entered the ancestral hall. She bowed again to the Elders on both sides, "Dear Elders, my brother is fighting with the Li Clan over the mining rights at Nanshan. He is fighting for the clan, and we don't know if he's dead or alive. Yet, the clan is using a groundless excuse to remove his title. This is really unfair."
"Impudent!"
The Great Elder suddenly raged, "Whether he is removed or not, it's not up to a little girl like you to decide.
Men, drag her away. "
At this moment, the new Crown Prince Ye Lang suddenly laughed, "You should be flogged thirty times as a warning to others!"
The Great Elder said coldly, "Then flog thirty times!"
Soon, two guards of the Ye Clan rushed in.
Ye Ling clenched her fists, and said angrily, "This is unfair. My brother has risked his life for the clan for so many years, and even now, he is fighting for the clan. The clan is so unfair to him …"
One of the guards glanced at the new Crown Prince Ye Lang, and he knew that this was his chance to show off.
The guard sneered, "Young Master Ye Lang inherits the title of Crown Prince, and it's everyone's wish. Why are you shouting?" With that, he raised his hand and slapped Ye Ling's face.
Slap!
A crisp slap sounded, and the right side of Ye Ling's face instantly swelled up, but she did not cry. She just held her cheek tightly.
Ye Lang looked at the guard, and smiled, "What's your name?"
The guard hurriedly bowed, "I'm Zhang Mu, greeting the Crown Prince."
Ye Lang nodded, "You're not bad. After I become the Crown Prince, I need ten guards. You can be my guard from now on."
Hearing this, Zhang Mu was overjoyed, and he hurriedly bowed deeply, "I'm willing to go through fire and water for the Crown Prince, and I'm willing to die a thousand deaths!"
Ye Lang nodded slightly, "Drag him out. This person is disturbing the ancestral hall, so don't show any mercy, understand?"
Zhang Mu glanced at Ye Lang, and when he saw the murderous intent in Ye Lang's eyes, he understood.
Immediately, he grabbed Ye Ling's hair and dragged her out.
At this moment, Zhang Mu seemed to have seen something, and he suddenly stopped.
In the ancestral hall, everyone turned their heads to look outside.
Not far from the ancestral hall, a young man was walking towards the ancestral hall. The young man was wearing a tight-fitting robe that was tattered, and there was blood everywhere.
This person was Ye Xuan, who had rushed back from the South Mountain!
Seeing Ye Xuan, Ye Lang's lips curled into a cold smile.
Inside the ancestral hall, the Elders frowned.
The Great Elder narrowed his eyes, and his expression was frighteningly dark. No one knew what he was thinking.
From afar, when Ye Xuan saw Zhang Mu dragging Ye Ling, his face turned savage, "Who gave you the guts to touch my sister?"
When Zhang Mu saw Ye Xuan, his face changed. He hurriedly looked at Ye Lang, and just as he was about to speak, Ye Xuan leaped in front of him like a ferocious tiger. Before the latter could react, Ye Xuan's fist landed on his face.
Peng!
Zhang Mu felt a wave of dizziness, and he stumbled and fell.
However, Ye Ling did not stop there. He charged towards Zhang Mu again. At this time, Ye Lang suddenly roared, "Ye Xuan, he's my man! How dare you …"
Ye Xuan suddenly stepped on Zhang Mu's chest.
Pu!
Zhang Mu spat out a mouthful of blood.
Seeing this, Ye Lang's face turned ugly. Ye Xuan looked up at him and said, "Your man?"
As he spoke, he stepped on Zhang Mu's face.
Zhang Mu's face turned into a bloody mess, as he screamed, "Prince, save, save me …"
Ye Xuan did not care about Zhang Mu, as he walked to Ye Ling's side. Seeing Ye Ling's appearance, Ye Xuan felt as though his heart was being sliced by a knife. He clenched his fists, and his entire body trembled.
When Ye Ling saw Ye Xuan, her tears flowed out, "Brother, it hurts, it hurts …"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan's expression turned savage. In the next instant, he charged in front of Zhang Mu and kicked Zhang Mu's head.
Peng!
Qingcheng, Ye Clan, Ancestral Hall.
"Ancestors, Ye Xuan has no talent, no virtue … From now on, Ye Xuan's position as Prince shall be replaced by Ye Lang."
The one who spoke was an old man in black robes.
Not far behind the old man, there was a youth with a faint smile on his face.
This person was Ye Lang.
On both sides were the Elders of the Ye Clan.
"Why!?"
At this time, a timid voice rang out in the ancestral hall.
Everyone turned to look and saw a little girl standing at the door. She was about 12 or 13 years old, and her hands were tightly gripping the hem of her skirt. Her face had a sickly pallor, and she looked a little weak. There was even a trace of fear in her eyes.
This little girl was called Ye Ling, and she was Ye Xuan's younger sister. When she heard that the clan wanted to remove Ye Xuan from his position, she disregarded her illness and rushed over.
The black-robed old man frowned, "Ye Ling, what are you doing!?"
The little girl called Ye Ling bowed to the people in the ancestral hall, and said timidly, "Great Elder, my brother Ye Xuan is a Prince, why did you discard him for no reason?"
The Great Elder looked at Ye Ling coldly, "This is a matter of the clan, why are you interrupting?
Leave! "
Ye Ling was obviously afraid, not daring to look at the Great Elder, but she did not leave. Instead, she plucked up her courage and entered the ancestral hall. She bowed again to the Elders on both sides, "Dear Elders, my brother is fighting with the Li Clan over the mining rights at Nanshan. He is fighting for the clan, and we don't know if he's dead or alive. Yet, the clan is using a groundless excuse to discard his position. This is unfair."
"Impudent!"
The Great Elder suddenly raged, "Whether he discards his position or not, it's not up to a little girl like you to decide.
Men, drag her away. "
At this time, the new Prince, Ye Lang, suddenly laughed, "You should be flogged 30 times as a warning to others!"
The Great Elder replied coldly, "Then flog her 30 times!"
Soon, two guards of the Ye Clan rushed in.
Ye Ling clenched her fists and said angrily, "This is unfair. My brother has risked his life for the clan for so many years. Even now, he is risking his life for the clan. The clan is so unfair to him …"
One of the guards glanced at the new Prince, Ye Lang. He knew that this was his chance to shine.
The guard sneered, "Young Master Ye Lang inherits the position of Prince. What are you yelling about?" As he spoke, he raised his hand and slapped Ye Ling's face.
Slap!
A crisp slap sounded, and the right side of Ye Ling's face instantly swelled up. However, she did not cry. She only covered her cheek tightly.
Ye Lang looked at the guard and smiled, "What's your name?"
The guard hurriedly bowed. "Subordinate Zhang Mu greets the Crown Prince."
Ye Lang nodded, "You're not bad. After I become the Prince, I will need 10 guards. You can be my guard from now on."
Hearing this, Zhang Mu was overjoyed. He quickly bowed deeply, "This subordinate is willing to go through fire and water for the Prince!"
Ye Lang nodded, "Drag him away. This person is disturbing the ancestral hall. Don't hold back. Do you understand?"
Zhang Mu glanced at Ye Lang. When he saw the murderous intent in Ye Lang's eyes, he understood.
He immediately grabbed Ye Ling's hair and dragged her out.
At this moment, Zhang Mu suddenly stopped as if he had seen something.
Inside the ancestral hall, everyone turned their heads to look outside the hall.
Not far from the ancestral hall, a young man was walking towards the ancestral hall. The young man was wearing a tight-fitting robe. The robe was tattered and covered in blood.
The young man was Ye Xuan, who had rushed back from Nanshan!
Seeing Ye Xuan, Ye Lang's lips curled into a sinister smile.
Inside the ancestral hall, the Elders frowned.
The Great Elder narrowed his eyes, his face dark and gloomy. No one knew what he was thinking.
From afar, when Ye Xuan saw Zhang Mu dragging Ye Ling, his face turned savage. "Who gave you the guts to touch my sister?"
When Zhang Mu saw Ye Xuan, his face changed. He quickly looked at Ye Lang and was about to speak. At this time, Ye Xuan leaped in front of him like a ferocious tiger. Before the latter could react, Ye Xuan's fist landed on his face.
Peng!
Zhang Mu felt a wave of dizziness, and he stumbled and fell.
However, Ye Ling did not stop there. He charged at Zhang Mu again. At this time, Ye Lang suddenly roared, "Ye Xuan, he's my man! How dare you …"
Ye Xuan suddenly stepped on Zhang Mu's chest.
Pu!
Zhang Mu spat out a mouthful of blood.
Seeing this, Ye Lang's face turned ugly. Ye Xuan looked up at him and said, "Your man?"
As he spoke, he stepped on Zhang Mu's face.
Zhang Mu's face turned into a bloody mess, as he screamed, "Prince, save, save me …"
Ye Xuan did not care about Zhang Mu, as he walked up to Ye Ling. Seeing Ye Ling's state, Ye Xuan felt as though his heart was being sliced apart. He clenched his fists, and his entire body trembled.
When Ye Ling saw Ye Xuan, her tears flowed, "Brother, it hurts, it hurts …"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan's expression turned savage. In the next instant, he charged in front of Zhang Mu and kicked Zhang Mu's head.
Peng!








Chapter 1510
Somewhere in the starry sky, the Swordsman stopped and turned to look at Ye Xuan. "What do you think?"
Ye Xuan was silent for a moment before answering, "There are a lot of shortcomings!"
The Swordsman said, "Tell me about it!"
Ye Xuan said, "I relied too much on the strength of my physique. Without a strong physique, I'm not as confident as before!"
The Swordsman laughed. "It's not that your physique can't be strong, because it's something that you've cultivated yourself!
However, if you want to become a powerful Swordsman, it's best not to rely on any external force before you've reached the level of a common sword.
Because if you rely on external forces, your swordsmanship will stagnate.
Just like earlier, if you had a strong physique, that woman wouldn't have been your match. But if you relied on your physique to defeat her, then you wouldn't have known the flaws in your swordsmanship. "
He paused for a moment before continuing, "Do you know your flaws?"
Ye Xuan looked at the Swordsman. "Not fast enough!"
The Swordsman shook his head. "The real fast isn't the sword, but the heart!"
Ye Xuan was puzzled. "What do you mean?"
The Swordsman laughed. "Have you heard of the heart sword?"
Ye Xuan asked, "Using the heart to control the sword?"
The Swordsman shook his head. "It's not using the heart to control the sword, but rather, the heart is the sword, and the sword is the heart."
Ye Xuan shook his head. "I don't really understand."
The Swordsman laughed. "What the heart thinks, the sword moves. This is a realm of fast swordsmanship. You should have heard of this realm before, but you haven't reached the limit of this realm.
If you can reach the limit of this realm, your sword will be far faster than that woman. "
Ye Xuan quickly asked, "How can I reach the limit of this realm?"
The Swordsman said, "Practice!"
Practice?
Ye Xuan frowned. "How do I practice?"
Swordsman replied, "It's just normal training!"
Ye Xuan seemed to have thought of something. He opened his palm and a sword appeared in his hand.
Peerless Sword!
He had almost forgotten about this sword!
Ye Xuan walked to the side and used the Instakill Slash again!
As the sword stabbed out, the space three thousand feet away suddenly shattered.
It was still a very fast strike!
However, Ye Xuan knitted his eyebrows.
Because this strike, whether it was in terms of strength or speed, was much weaker than when he was still in the Immortal Realm!
At this moment, he finally realized how weak his Sword Dao was!
After losing the power of his bloodline and physical body, it was difficult for him to even kill a Deity Realm expert!
Thinking of this, Ye Xuan sighed softly. He had to admit that he had really gone astray all these years.
Next to him, Swordsman suddenly said, "It's not too late to correct it now!"
Ye Xuan nodded. He sat down cross-legged, and then he started to recall the scenes of the battle between him and the woman.
The woman's sword was very swift, even swifter than his own. That was why he'd been forced to use a move to take her down with him.
Since the battle ended, he'd been in a passive position.
It was swift!
If it was in the past, then his sword would be even swifter than the woman when he had the support of his formidable physical body. But now, he didn't have his body at the Immortal Realm!
How do I improve?
How do I break through?
Ye Xuan fell into deep thought.
Swordsman didn't speak another word.
Around two hours later, Ye Xuan suddenly stood up. He opened his palm, and then the Supreme Sword in his hand flew forward.
The Instakill Slash!
The sword flew out, and in an instant, it was already ten thousand zhang away.
Ye Xuan fell silent as he gazed at the sword that flew 3km away.
He'd seen Situ Tingyun execute this attack in the past, and it was many times swifter than his own attack!
(Please continue to the next page.)
However, Situ Tingyun hadn't relied on any external forces!
If Situ Tingyun could do it, why couldn't he?
Thinking of this, Ye Xuan sheathed his sword and performed the Instant Kill Sword again.
Just like that, Ye Xuan practiced sword after sword.
The Swordsman watched from the side. He would say a few words from time to time, and every time he said something, Ye Xuan would learn something new.
Ye Xuan kept repeating the Instakill Slash. In fact, he was no longer practicing the Instakill Slash. Instead, he was pursuing what Swordsman had said: "What the heart thinks, the sword moves".
Speed and strength, these were what he was pursuing now.
This time, his speed and strength were different. Because he wasn't relying on any external force this time, and he was purely relying on the speed and strength of the Sword Dao!
Five days passed in the blink of an eye. During these five days, Ye Xuan swung his sword no less than a few tens of thousands of times every single day!
Moreover, as he cultivated madly, the speed and strength of the Instakill Slash were gradually increasing, and this caused Ye Xuan to be overjoyed.
He wasn't afraid of suffering, but he was afraid of not gaining anything from his hard work!
So long as he gained something, then it proved that he was working hard towards the right direction!
A trace of a smile appeared on the Swordsman's face as well.
Was there a shortcut in the Sword Dao?
In Ye Xuan's opinion, there definitely was!
If he was willing, then he could allow Ye Xuan to attain an extremely terrifying state in a short period of time. However, it was pointless.
Ye Xuan had to understand where his problem lay and correct it. Only then would he be able to progress further in the Sword Dao.
One had to take it step by step!
Just like that, Ye Xuan practiced bitterly day after day, and his Instakill Slash showed obvious improvement as well. Even though it wasn't as swift as when he possessed a body at the Godrank Realm, it was ceaselessly getting closer.
At this moment, he wasn't just pursuing the pinnacle of the Instakill Slash!
He was pursuing the pinnacle of the Sword Dao's speed!
While Ye Xuan was cultivating, Lil Pagoda was still having a battle of wits and courage with the Door of Disaster in the Prison Pagoda within his body.
Xiao Ta had successfully roped in the Prison Pagoda, and now there were two Pagodas fighting against the Door of Disaster. However, it was useless. Even if two Xiao Ta joined forces, they still wouldn't be able to gain any advantage!
However, the Door of Disaster kept a low profile. During this period of time, it stayed on the ninth floor. Other than occasionally counterattacking Xiao Ta and the Prison Pagoda, it basically didn't move at all.
On this day, the Swordsman suddenly arrived at the Prison Pagoda. He arrived at the top of the pagoda, and when he saw his sword, he smiled and opened his palm. The sword flew into his hand and trembled violently.
The Swordsman smiled and put away his sword. Then, he arrived at the ninth floor. When he arrived at the ninth floor, the Door of Disaster suddenly trembled and shrank into a corner.
Obviously, it was very afraid of this Swordsman!
In fact, it was very, very sullen!
It was originally about to complete its mission, but it didn't expect to meet such a perverted fellow halfway!
This was great!
Not only did it not complete its mission, but it also got itself involved!
The Swordsman walked in front of the Door of Disaster. He looked at the Door of Disaster and smiled. "Where did you want to return to?"
The Door of Disaster did not respond.
The Swordsman asked again, "Are the people from your place strong?"
The Door of Disaster still did not respond.
The Swordsman smiled. "I hope the people from your place are strong. Otherwise, it would be too boring."
After saying that, he turned and left.
That silhouette was as lonely as snow.
Behind the Swordsman, the Door of Disaster trembled slightly.
Somewhere in the unknown starry sky, Mu Niannian and the other two women were still madly flying.
(This chapter is not finished. Please continue to the next page.)
In the starry sky.
The three women increased their speed to the extreme.
In front of them, there were still traces of the Door of Disaster tearing through the starry sky. However, these traces were becoming fewer and fewer.
The mysterious woman was leading the group. Her speed was faster than Mu Niannian and Tu!
The mysterious woman stared at the starry sky in the distance. During this period of time, she had been in a state of extreme fear.
Fear!
She had never been so afraid before!
Beside her, Tu's expression was gloomy. During this period of time, she had wanted to attack the mysterious woman several times. However, she held back!
This was because she didn't know whether Ye Xuan was dead or alive!
She didn't believe that Ye Xuan was dead just like that!
Tu slowly closed her eyes and said in a trembling voice, "Brother, wait for me!"
After saying that, her speed suddenly increased.
The mysterious woman and Mu Niannian also increased their speed crazily!
Ten days later, the three women stopped. This was because the traces in front of them had disappeared!
The mysterious woman looked at the faraway starry sky as if she had lost her soul.
Tu's expression was slightly unsightly. Since the traces had disappeared, it meant that they couldn't continue pursuing!
As if she had thought of something, Tu gazed at the mysterious woman. She was about to attack again. Meanwhile, Nian Nian suddenly said, "Are you giving up just like that?"
Tu gazed at Nian Nian, and she spoke softly, "Miss Tu, I don't believe that he died just like that!
What about you? "
Tu fell silent.
Mu Niannian gazed into the starry sky, "Miss Tu, let me ask you something. What do you think of Miss Su Qiang's intelligence?"
Tu spoke solemnly, "Very high. However, she disdains to play such tricks!"
When she spoke up to this point, she hesitated for a moment and said, "You're saying that she knew all along?"
Mu Niannian shook her head, "I don't know. All I know is that she would absolutely not allow him to die so easily!"
When she spoke up to this point, she gazed at the mysterious woman, "Are you really unable to sense the Door of Disaster?"
The mysterious woman shook her head, "I can't!"
Mu Niannian frowned slightly, "Then what about before?"
The mysterious woman spoke softly, "I'm only able to sense the Door of Disaster when I'm targeting him. However, I'm unable to sense it exactly. Now, I can't sense its existence at all."
Mu Niannian spoke in a low voice, "You can't sense it at all?"
The mysterious woman nodded, "I can't!"
Mu Niannian's face fell.
Meanwhile, Tu spoke abruptly, "Let's continue pursuing him!
Then we'll wait for news from Miss Ding! "
Mu Niannian and the mysterious woman gazed at Tu, and then Tu spoke softly, "If Miss Ding is able to find that man, then we'll know if he's still alive!"
As she spoke, she transformed into a ray of light that vanished into the starry sky.
Mu Niannian glanced at the mysterious woman, "I hope he's fine!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she chased after Chen Xi.
The mysterious woman remained silent for a moment, and then she gazed into the starry sky while a trace of guilt flashed through her eyes, "I'm sorry!
You must live and give me a chance to make up for it. "
As soon as she finished speaking, she chased after Chen Xi.
A month later.
Ye Xuan was still cultivating madly amidst the starry sky, and he executed strike after strike with his sword.
The speed and power of his Instant Kill Sword had reached the level of his physical body in the Divine Realm.
However, it was far from sufficient for him!
What he sought now was to reach the limit!
He wanted to arrive at the limit of his speed, and then break through it to attain the state where his sword could move as he wished.
End of this chapter.








Chapter 1511
In the starry sky, Ye Xuan brandished his sword again and again. This endless starry sky was his cultivation ground!
During this time, Swordsman did not leave and continued to guide him.
Ye Xuan naturally cherished this opportunity!
In the past, he always felt that he lacked a good sword master. But now, with Swordsman's guidance, it could be said to be a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for him!
Just like that, another month passed!
During this month, Ye Xuan's Instant Kill Sword was faster than when he was in the Divine Realm.
However, it was still not enough!
Pursue the limit, break through the limit!
This was his goal!
After about an hour, Ye Xuan stopped. He glanced at his right arm. His right arm was already numb and it was not suitable for him to continue cultivating!
He needed to rest!
Ye Xuan sat down cross-legged and began to use the purple energy to repair his body. As if thinking of something, he looked at Swordsman, "Senior, how is my cultivation?"
Swordsman smiled, "Not bad!"
Ye Xuan asked again, "Is there anything that needs to be improved?"
Swordsman nodded, "When brandishing your sword, you need to be calm and not impetuous. You also can't practice for the sake of practicing. You need to often stop and think about the shortcomings of this sword."
Ye Xuan nodded, "Understood!"
Swordsman smiled, "Your talent is not bad and you are willing to work hard. However, you are too impetuous. If you can settle down and calm your heart, it will not be difficult to reach the Common Sword Realm."
Ye Xuan took a deep breath.
From the Qing City to the Fifth Dimension, he had rarely been able to calm his heart and cultivate!
Just like before, after Ting Yun imparted the Insta-Kill Sword to him, he did not cultivate much. At that time, he had the Power of Bloodline and a physical body. Even if he did not cultivate, he could still unleash the power of the Insta-Kill Sword!
However, this made him unable to understand the essence of Instant Kill Sword.
Simply put, he had always been too dependent on external forces!
His Sword Dao strength was pitifully weak!
An hour later, Ye Xuan stood up and continued to swing his sword.
There were no shortcuts on the path of Dao Yi!
Another month passed.
In the starry sky, Ye Xuan's eyes were closed. He opened his palm, and a sword suddenly flew out. Thousands of feet away, the space there was suddenly torn apart, and a ray of sword light appeared. Almost at the same time, countless sword lights flashed around him!
Instant Kill Sword!
It was not one Instant Kill Sword, but ten Instant Kill Swords!
With his current sword speed, he could execute ten Instant Kill Swords in an instant!
Now, he had reached the limit of the speed of this Instant Kill. No, it should be said that he had truly reached his own limit.
There was no limit to sword techniques. It was humans who had limits!
Because if the Swordsman were to use the Instakill Slash, the speed would definitely be faster!
Ye Xuan opened his palm, and the Unparalleled Sword appeared in his hand. He turned to look at the Swordsman. The Swordsman smiled, "I can barely do it!"
Ye Xuan asked in a deep voice, "Senior, how can I break through my own limits?"
He was now one step away from the realm that the Swordsman mentioned, 'wherever the heart goes, the sword goes'!
The Swordsman looked at Ye Xuan, "Fight!
Only in battle can one's potential be stimulated in the shortest time, and only in the moment of life and death can one easily break through their own limits! "
Ye Xuan nodded, "Understood!"
At this moment, he recalled the bloody battle in Qingcheng. At that time, although he was weak, every time he survived, he would become stronger!
The Swordsman smiled, "Let's go!"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Alright!" After saying that, he put away his sword and walked towards the distant starry sky with the Swordsman.
Soon, the two of them arrived in front of the mountain floating in the starry sky again. As soon as they arrived, Gu Shi appeared in front of them.
Gu Shi glanced at Ye Xuan, and soon, he frowned because he realized that Ye Xuan seemed to have changed!
Ye Xuan cupped his fists, "Senior!"
Gu Shi collected his thoughts and smiled, "I understand!"
After saying that, he turned to look at the peak of the mountain. "Qing Ye!"
Buzz!
The sound of a sword suddenly rang out from the peak of the mountain, and the next moment, a woman appeared in front of Ye Xuan.
Qing Ye wore a tight purple dress, and in her left hand was a sheathed longsword. As soon as she appeared, her eyes fell on Ye Xuan.
Gu Shi suddenly smiled, "Don't overdo it!"
After saying that, he retreated to the side.
In the distance, Qing Ye suddenly disappeared on the spot, and a ray of sword light suddenly appeared in front of Ye Xuan. This attack was even faster than before, and it was even more powerful!
Obviously, Qing Ye had become stronger during this period of time!
In the face of this attack, Ye Xuan's expression was calm, and he suddenly drew his sword and slashed.
With a single slash, Qing Ye's sword light was directly shattered into pieces, and she herself was blasted hundreds of meters away!
And as soon as she stopped and was about to attack again, a sword was already pressed against the center of her forehead.
Instant Kill!
The surroundings suddenly became silent!
The middle-aged man's face sank.
The speed of Ye Xuan's attack was not just a little bit faster than before!
Qing Ye looked at Ye Xuan, "How did you do it!?"
Ye Xuan's sword was actually so fast that she couldn't even react to it!
Ye Xuan sheathed his sword and said with a smile, "Practice!
Practice like crazy! "
Qing Ye frowned slightly, "That's it?"
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "There's more to it, more to it!"
Qing Ye went silent for a moment, and then she said, "What sword technique was that?"
Ye Xuan said, "Instant Kill!
A Senior Sister of mine taught it to me! "
Qing Ye wanted to say something but hesitated.
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Do you want to learn it?"
Qing Ye looked at Ye Xuan, "I don't have anything to exchange with you!"
Ye Xuan smiled lightly, "I'll teach you for free!"
Qing Ye looked at Ye Xuan, "I don't deserve a reward without doing anything!"
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Let's discuss it!"
Qing Ye went silent for a moment, and then she said, "Alright!"
As they spoke, the two of them directly started discussing it!
Ye Xuan directly taught the Instant Kill to Qing Ye. Seeing that Ye Xuan really taught him that powerful sword technique, Qing Ye was a little surprised. Not only Qing Ye, but Teacher Gu was also a little surprised.
The sword technique that Ye Xuan used was obviously not ordinary, and Ye Xuan actually taught it to Qing Ye just like that!
Seeing that Ye Xuan was so generous, Qing Ye also said everything she knew.
In the conversation with Qing Ye, Ye Xuan learned a lot, because Qing Ye had many things that he could learn from her, especially her use of sword qi and her grasp of timing. These were things that he could learn from her!
In addition, Ye Xuan also learned about this place. This place was called the Nether River Star Field, and this place did not know about the Fifth Dimension. Not only did it not know about the Fifth Dimension, it did not even know about the Whirling World or the Milky Way Realm.
This place was too far away from the Fifth Dimension!
Even though he had only traveled from the Fifth Dimension to this place for less than a day, that was because of the Door of Disaster!
The Door of Disaster shattered the starry sky along the way, and countless barriers of the universe were torn apart by it. Ordinary people could not do this!
If he walked normally from this place to the Fifth Dimension, even with his speed, it would take at least a hundred years!
In fact, Ye Xuan was a little puzzled. Where was the Door of Disaster taking him?
At this moment, Swordsman suddenly asked, "Is there any particularly dangerous place in this star field?"
Hearing this, Teacher Gu looked at Swordsman, hesitated for a moment, and then said, "There is a place, but it is too dangerous. With young friend's current strength …"
Swordsman smiled and said, "It's fine!"
Teacher Gu glanced at Swordsman, and then he pointed to the right, "Go a few hundred thousand kilometers from here, and there is a mountain range called the Great Desolate Mountain Range. There are many powerful ancient beasts in the mountain range.
That place can be said to be a forbidden area for us humans! "
Great Desolate Mountain Range!
Swordsman nodded slightly, and then he looked at Ye Xuan not far away, "Let's go!"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Okay!"
Saying this, he looked at Qing Ye, and said with a smile, "Miss Qing Ye, farewell!"
After saying this, he and Swordsman were about to leave, but at this time, Teacher Gu suddenly said, "The two of you, please wait!"
Ye Xuan and the swordsman stopped in their tracks. The swordsman looked at Master Gu, and Master Gu said in a deep voice, "You two, that place is very dangerous. Especially in the depths of the Desolate Mountains, there is an ancestor of ferocious beasts. This beast hates humans to the core. If you step into the Desolate Mountains and awaken the ancestor of ferocious beasts …"
At this point, he did not continue.
At this time, Swordsman suddenly said, "Is this Beast Ancestor very strong?"
Teacher Gu looked at Swordsman, and said seriously, "Very, very strong!"
Swordsman smiled slightly, "Isn't that a good thing?"
Teacher Gu: "…"
Swordsman looked at Ye Xuan, and said with a smile, "Let's go!"
After saying this, he turned around and left with Ye Xuan.
Teacher Gu looked at the Swordsman and Ye Xuan in the distance, and frowned, "Where did these two come from … They don't even know the Great Desolate Mountain Range …"
Qing Ye said in a low voice, "Could it be that they came from that place?"
Teacher Gu shook his head, "Not very likely …"
Qing Ye said in a low voice, "That young man asked me a lot about our Star Field, and I can see that this is his first time coming here!
If he didn't come from that place, where did he come from? "
Teacher Gu shook his head and smiled, "Forget it!
Maybe the two of them are just passersby in our Star Field! "
After saying this, he turned and left.
Qing Ye looked at Ye Xuan's figure in the distance, and after a moment of silence, she said softly, "We will meet again, right?"
After saying this, she shook her head and turned to leave.
...
At the end of the distant starry sky.
Swordsman suddenly said, "We need to find you a very strong opponent!"
Ye Xuan asked, "How strong?"
Swordsman thought for a moment, and then said, "The kind that can kill you!"
Ye Xuan hesitated, and then said, "Wouldn't that be too strong?"
Swordsman shook his head, "Not at all!
If you want to break through your limits, you will have to fall into a desperate situation. "
After saying this, he looked at Ye Xuan, and said with a smile, "If you can feel the aura of death, you should feel happy, because that proves that you can continue to improve!
And I have wanted to feel the aura of death for hundreds of thousands of years!
Do you know how painful it is to be invincible? "
After saying this, he paused, and then said, "I feel very painful!"
Ye Xuan: "…"
....
PS: The days without a monthly ticket are so painful!
Give me one!
Oh, please!








Chapter 1512
How painful was it to be invincible?
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Like hell he knew!
He had never been invincible before!
This Swordsman's words were quite a blow to his confidence!
However, he also knew that this Swordsman was telling the truth, and that was the most fatal part.
It was not scary for a person to act tough, what was scary was when he was acting tough for real!
Swordsman suddenly said, "Cherish this feeling now!"
Ye Xuan shook his head and smiled. "I'm afraid I still have a long way to go before I become invincible!"
Swordsman laughed. "Take it slow!
At least you're like a Swordsman now!
Moreover, you can gain confidence from your sword, and that's a good thing! "
Confidence!
Ye Xuan looked at the sword in his hand. He had to admit that the current him was completely different from before!
Previously, his confidence came from his physical body, the Power of Bloodline, and various external objects.
But now, without these external forces and objects, he was still as confident as ever as he held the sword!
The sword gave him confidence!
This feeling was very comfortable!
His confidence now came purely from his swordsmanship.
As if he had thought of something, Ye Xuan suddenly asked, "Senior, can I still use the Power of Bloodline and cultivate my physical body in the future?"
Swordsman nodded. "Of course you can!
Whether it's the Power of Bloodline or your physical body, they're all cultivated by yourself!
But before that, it's best for you to achieve the true Common Sword. If you can achieve the true Common Sword, you won't have to put the cart before the horse in the future, and you won't lose yourself in external forces. "
Ye Xuan nodded. "I understand!"
Swordsman laughed. "What you need to do now is to break through your limits, so we need to find a strong opponent. You must be mentally prepared!"
Ye Xuan looked into the distance and smiled. "I'm already mentally prepared!"
Swordsman nodded slightly. "That's good!"
Ye Xuan suddenly asked, "Senior, you've been to the pagoda and seen the Door of Disaster. What kind of existence is it?"
Swordsman shook his head. "I'm not sure!"
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "This door can trigger the calamity!"
Swordsman said, "There should be some kind of universal law in its body!
This tribulation is born from the laws. "
Ye Xuan frowned. "Universal Law?"
Swordsman smiled and said: "It is a kind of law that exists in the universe. This law maintains the entire universe!"
Ye Xuan asked, "Is it powerful?"
The sword cultivator smiled. "It's just so-so!"
Ye Xuan was speechless. He realized that he couldn't ask this Swordsman this kind of question, because this Swordsman said it like that, it was absolutely not what he thought it was.
As if thinking of something, Ye Xuan asked again. "Senior, the Karmic Line of Disaster …"
Swordsman glanced at Ye Xuan. "I've already blocked those Karmic Lines of Disaster for you. You'll be fine for the time being!"
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment and then asked, "Senior, if you leave, then these Karmic Lines of Disaster …"
Swordsman smiled. "You'll have to face it yourself!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "That's true!"
Karmic Line of Disaster!
Ye Xuan knew that he couldn't always rely on others to help him resist this Karmic Line of Disaster. He had to bear it himself!
Work hard!
Ye Xuan glanced at the sword in his hand and smiled. If Qing 'er and this Swordsman could avoid all Karmic Lines of Disaster, then he, Ye Xuan, could do the same one day!
Along the way, Ye Xuan would occasionally ask Swordsman some questions, and Swordsman would usually answer. This made Ye Xuan learn many things from the past. For example, this Swordsman in front of him was once from Sword Sect …
..
.
Somewhere in the unknown starry sky, Miss Ding and An Lanxiu were flying through the air.
Both women were extremely fast!
They were looking for that green-robed man!
At this time, Miss Ding suddenly stopped. She looked into the depths of the starry sky, frowning slightly.
An Lanxiu looked at Miss Ding. "What's wrong?"
Miss Ding said softly, "He's getting further and further away from us!"
An Lanxiu asked in a deep voice, "Can you contact him?"
Miss Ding shook her head. "I'm not strong enough!"
An Lanxiu's face sank.
Miss Ding suddenly said, "Let's look for someone else first!"
An Lanxiu asked, "Who?"
Miss Ding said, "An old friend!"
With that, she brought An Lanxiu with her and vanished into the horizon.
...
Great Desolate Mountain Range.
Swordsman brought Ye Xuan to the Great Desolate Mountain Range that Master Gu had mentioned. This mountain range stood towering in the boundless starry sky, and one couldn't see the end of it.
Within this mountain range, the sound of breathing could be heard from time to time. The sound of breathing carried a formidable pressure that struck fear into the hearts of those who heard it.
Ye Xuan frowned. This mountain range isn't simple!
Danger!
That was what he felt at this moment!
Swordsman suddenly pointed at the distant Great Desolate Mountain Range. "Go a million kilometers to the end of this mountain range. I'll wait for you there!"
Ye Xuan blinked. "Do I walk there myself?"
Swordsman nodded. "Yes.
Is there a problem? "
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment, then said, "Can I just walk there?"
Swordsman looked at Ye Xuan. "You can't fly on a sword, rely on external objects, or use tricks. You can't rely on the Xiao Ta in your body.
If you violate any of these, then the fate between us will end here. "
Ye Xuan nodded. "I understand!"
He knew that Swordsman wanted to train him.
Swordsman lightly patted Ye Xuan's shoulder. "Intelligence is also a part of strength. But at this moment, I hope that you don't use your intelligence. I hope that you can use your strength to fight your way out. It doesn't matter how long it takes. I'll wait for you at the end!"
After he finished speaking, he had already disappeared.
Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes. Pass through this Great Desolate Mountain Range!
In fact, he did not have much confidence because he could feel the danger just by standing there. Moreover, there were many unknown auras.
If it was before, he would still be confident because although he was only in the Dao Realm, his physical body had already reached the Immortal Realm.
But now, without his physical body, he was only a Dao Realm Swordsman!
Moreover, he did not have the power of bloodline!
Right now, he only had his sword!
Other than that, there was nothing else!
Sword!
Ye Xuan lowered his head to look at the sword in his hand. After a long moment of silence, he suddenly grinned. "Isn't having a sword enough?"
With that, he walked towards the mountain range.
Swordsman!
He, Ye Xuan, was now a Swordsman!
Soon, Ye Xuan entered the mountain range. As soon as he entered the mountain range, his vision darkened. Because he was surrounded by towering ancient trees, he could not see the stars when he looked up. All he could see were endless branches.
Under his feet, the weeds were tens of feet high. He could only walk on the grass.
Ye Xuan held the sword in his left hand. His expression was calm. He was ready to deal with anything.
After walking for about half an hour, Ye Xuan still did not encounter any danger. He did not even see a beast!
However, his expression became more and more serious!
Because this meant that there was a high chance that there were powerful beasts in this area.
If it was before …
He would sneak over … After all, his concealment technique was very good. But now, he could not do that!
He was here to train!
Not to play!
He could only fight his way out!
However, looking at the endless mountain range and unknown dangers before him, he was at a loss.
As if he thought of something, Ye Xuan shook his head and smiled. "It's a little hard to adapt to suddenly losing my physical body and the power of bloodline!"
Dependence!
Previously, he was too dependent on his physical body and the power of bloodline.
After calming down, Ye Xuan continued to move forward. His footsteps quickened!
About 15 minutes later, Ye Xuan arrived in front of a lake. This lake was thousands of feet wide. The lake water was so clear that one could see the bottom. At a glance, it was very beautiful!
Ye Xuan did not stop. He walked towards the opposite side.
His hand was holding the Supreme Sword in his hand tightly!
When he arrived at the lake surface, snowflakes suddenly floated above the lake!
Seeing this scene, Ye Xuan said softly, "I'm just passing by!
Really! "
More and more snowflakes appeared. Soon, the entire lake surface suddenly began to freeze. The surrounding temperature dropped in an instant. His body directly began to freeze!
Ye Xuan suddenly drew his sword and slashed.
Sword-Drawing Technique!
As the sword slashed down, on the surface of the lake, a sword light pierced through the air. Countless snowflakes shattered. At this moment, the ice on the lake surface also cracked inch by inch!
The entire lake surface began to crack inch by inch under this sword!
At this moment, deep at the bottom of the lake, a white figure shot up into the sky.
Ye Xuan frowned slightly. Once again, he drew his sword and slashed down.
Buzz!
A sword cry shook the heavens and the earth!
As Ye Xuan's sword slashed down, the lake water in front of him suddenly exploded. As for the white figure, it was directly slashed to the depths of the lake. But in the next moment, the surrounding lake water suddenly turned into pieces of ice. These pieces of ice were like blades that slashed towards Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan sheathed his sword in his right hand. In the next moment, he drew his sword again and slashed. The sword light was like a waterfall!
Rumble!
The ice blades in front of him directly shattered and were annihilated. The sword light was like a rainbow, shooting straight towards the white figure in the distance!
In the distance, the white figure suddenly transformed into a ball of white light and shot out!
Rumble!
The sword light directly exploded. A white figure directly appeared in front of Ye Xuan. At the same time, an ice blade directly slashed towards the space between Ye Xuan's eyebrows!
With a calm expression, Ye Xuan drew his sword again and slashed.
Boom!
An expanse of sword light erupted in front of Ye Xuan, and then the white figure was blasted 300m back.
The space around the white figure trembled, and then the white figure gradually condensed into a woman!
The woman had white hair, scarlet red eyes, and a long white tail behind her.
A trace of surprise flashed through Ye Xuan's eyes, "What sort of demon beast are you?"
The technique that the demon beast had executed earlier was slightly similar to the techniques of humans, and it made him quite curious.
The woman gazed at Ye Xuan and spoke coldly, "Do you only know how to draw your sword?"
Ye Xuan thought for a moment and said, "I was just passing by!"
A wisp of ridicule arose on the corners of the woman's mouth, "Who gave you the courage?
You …. "
Right at this moment, the woman's pupils suddenly constricted. A ray of light flashed deep within her eyes, and a sword was already pressed against the center of her forehead when she was about to attack.
Ye Xuan gazed at the woman, "I was just passing by!"
The woman looked at Ye Xuan for a moment and said, "Sorry to disturb you!"
With that, she suddenly transformed into a white stream of air and floated down to the bottom of the river. In a short while, she completely disappeared.
Ye Xuan, "…"
...








Chapter 1513
Seeing the woman disappear, Ye Xuan was a little dumbfounded.
She left just like that?
She didn't even say a word?
After a while, Ye Xuan put away his sword and continued to move forward.
His expression was solemn.
The demon beasts here were different from those he had encountered outside. Most importantly, the demon beasts here were not so stubborn. They were flexible and knew when to advance and retreat!
Demon beasts were not scary. What was scary was that they were cultured!
He knew that the road ahead might be a little difficult.
An hour later, Ye Xuan passed through the lake and entered a valley. On both sides of the valley, two mountains towered into the clouds. From time to time, birds would fly past.
Ye Xuan walked slowly in the valley. He was highly focused, and the sword in his hand was ready to be unsheathed at any time.
He was best at sneak attacks, so he was afraid of being ambushed.
After all, he did not have a strong physical body. If he was ambushed, he would be killed in one blow.
About an hour later, Ye Xuan entered the depths of the valley. In front of him, between the mountains, clouds and mist lingered, blurring his vision.
Ye Xuan held the sword in his hand tightly, his expression calm.
He walked openly and did not hide his aura. In other words, if there were powerful demon beasts in this place, they would definitely be able to detect him.
However, he did not feel the aura of demon beasts!
Could there be no demon beasts?
This thought popped up in Ye Xuan's mind.
However, at this moment, a mountain on his right suddenly trembled violently. The next moment, a black python broke out of the mountain. The python's head was as big as three bathtubs. Its bloody mouth was wide open, and it went straight for Ye Xuan, wanting to swallow Ye Xuan in one bite!
Seeing the sudden appearance of the python, Ye Xuan reacted extremely quickly. He suddenly leaped and slashed with his sword.
Sword Drawing Technique!
As the sword slashed down, a ray of sword light fell directly on the head of the python.
Boom!
The sword light was directly shattered, and Ye Xuan was forced back nearly a hundred feet. On the contrary, the python was not damaged at all!
Seeing this scene, Ye Xuan's face darkened!
The body of this giant python was at least at the peak of the Consolidation Realm.
Although he had not reached the God Realm, it was still very terrifying!
In the distance, the giant python looked down at Ye Xuan. "Human!"
His voice was deep and carried a sense of oppression.
Ye Xuan nodded.
The giant python stared at Ye Xuan, "Scram!"
Ye Xuan shook his head and smiled. In the next moment, he suddenly transformed into a ray of light that shot out explosively!
"Impudent!"
The giant python roared angrily. It directly collided with Ye Xuan. Its strength was so great that it directly tore through space.
Ye Xuan's sword slashed at the python's head, and a sword light erupted from the python's head. Ye Xuan retreated rapidly, but the python's head was also split open, and blood splattered!
Seeing that it had been injured by a human, the giant python was furious. It roared and was about to speak when a sword suddenly pierced its right eye.
Boom!
Blood splattered from the python's right eye, but the sword did not stop. It went straight through the python's body.
"Roar!"
A shrill scream suddenly resounded from the sky!
In the air, the giant python trembled violently, then fell from the sky, and finally smashed heavily to the ground.
It was not dead yet!
Ye Xuan did not kill it, as long as he won.
He opened his palm, and the sword flew back into his hand. Then, he walked into the distance.
On the ground, the giant python stared at Ye Xuan. "Human!"
Ye Xuan still did not look back.
At this moment, the giant python suddenly roared, "Human, this Lord will not let you go!
You … "
At this moment, a ray of light suddenly descended from the sky, and finally stabbed straight into the giant python's head.
Chi!
The giant python's voice stopped abruptly!
In the distance, Ye Xuan opened his palm, and a sword broke out of the giant python's body, and finally fell steadily into Ye Xuan's hand.
Ye Xuan inserted the sword into the scabbard and continued to move forward.
Along the way, Ye Xuan closed his eyes slightly, thinking about the previous battle with the giant python.
If it was a normal battle, it would have been impossible for him to kill this giant python so easily.
Because although his Sword-Drawing Technique could break the giant python's defense, it was not fatal.
The reason why he was able to kill this giant python with one sword was because of the instantaneous slash. Of course, it was not just an instantaneous slash, but he found the giant python's weakness!
Eyes!
Obviously, although the giant python's body was strong, its eyes were not!
This reminded him of himself. Previously, he had a Divine State body, and his eyelids were very hard, but his eyes did not have such a strong defense. If someone's sword was so fast that he could not react, and the sword pierced through his eyes, he might also be killed in an instant!
Weakness!
As a Swordsman, one must be good at finding weaknesses, and starting from the weakness would yield twice the result with half the effort!
Ye Xuan recollected his thoughts and quickened his pace!
About an hour later, he walked to the end of the valley. At the end of the valley, Ye Xuan stopped, because in front of him was a giant python's head!
It was the giant python that he had killed before!
And on this giant python's head sat a man wearing a green robe, and the top of his head was densely covered with small snakes. These small snakes wriggled and looked extremely horrifying.
The man looked at Ye Xuan, and just looked at him, there was a trace of an evil smile on his face.
Ye Xuan did not speak and continued to move forward. When he was about a hundred feet away from the man, the man suddenly turned into a green light and disappeared.
Ye Xuan drew his sword and slashed.
Boom!
Where the sword light landed, green light swirled, and the man retreated repeatedly. However, the space around Ye Xuan began to rot directly!
Venom!
Ye Xuan's brows knit together slightly. He took a step forward and activated his Sword Domain. In the next moment, countless rays of light crisscrossed and intersected within his Sword Domain, and it didn't take long for the venom around him to be completely destroyed!
The man in the distance frowned, "Domain!"
Ye Xuan glanced at the man, and the man spoke in a low voice, "Human, why have you come here!?"
Ye Xuan gazed at the man, "I'm just passing by!"
The man stared at Ye Xuan, "Passing by?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
The man gazed at Ye Xuan for a short moment before he said, "I'll let you pass!"
Ye Xuan shook his head, "Let's fight first!"
As soon as he finished speaking, Chen Xi suddenly vanished on the spot, and a strand of sword light appeared in front of the man. The man's eyes narrowed slightly as he suddenly smashed his fist forward, and the space around him trembled.
Rumble!
The sword light was blasted apart, and the man was pushed over 100m back. He'd just stopped when Ye Xuan appeared in front of him again, and then Ye Xuan swiftly drew his sword and slashed.
A trace of ferocity flashed through the man's eyes, and then he swiftly raised his hands. In an instant, the space where he and Ye Xuan resided had turned dark green.
Ye Xuan immediately withdrew his sword and retreated 300m away!
He gazed at his sword. The Supreme Sword had turned dark green, and it was being corroded. Fortunately, it possessed the ability to repair itself!
However, his right hand didn't possess the ability to repair itself, so a large portion of it had been corroded to the point his bones were visible. If he hadn't retreated quickly, then not to mention his hand, even his entire body would have been crippled. After all, his body didn't possess the ability to repair itself!
The man gazed at Ye Xuan, "Do you still want to fight?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Yes!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he suddenly vanished on the spot, and then a strand of sword light flashed.
The man took a step forward and smashed his fist forward, and countless strands of green liquid swept out from his fist.
Poison!
When facing the poison, Ye Xuan immediately activated the Sword Domain. In the next moment, countless rays of sword light slashed down towards the man.
This time, the man actually didn't dodge at all, and he allowed Ye Xuan's sword to stab his chest. However, Ye Xuan's sword had merely pierced half an inch into his chest before it was unable to go any further. On the other hand, Ye Xuan's expression changed drastically, and he instantly retreated explosively by over 1km!
As soon as he stopped moving, the Supreme Sword in his hand had turned dark green. Moreover, a strand of formidable poison was moving along the sword and spreading towards his right hand!
Ye Xuan's right hand suddenly shook, and then a strand of formidable Sword Intent surged out from it. The poison was eliminated, but the skin on his right hand had been completely corroded.
Ye Xuan's face fell when he witnessed this scene.
The man gazed at Ye Xuan from afar, "You've come to temper yourself!"
Ye Xuan didn't answer the man. He gazed at the Supreme Sword in his hand. Why was my sword unable to resist this poison?
It's definitely not because of my sword!
My sword isn't strong enough!
He didn't execute Instakill because he wanted to temper his ability in close combat!
Instakill was very formidable, but if a demon beast's physical defense was at the Godrank Realm, then his Instakill would be useless!
At that time, it would be a competition of close combat.
However, he hadn't imagined that the man's poison would actually be so formidable. Under the circumstances that he didn't execute Instakill, it was utterly impossible for him to attack.
Meanwhile, the man spoke again, "Do you still want to fight?"
Ye Xuan glanced at his right hand. His right hand had almost recovered. Even though he didn't have the Undying Bloodline, his body possessed a certain level of ability to recover. Of course, it was far inferior to the Undying Bloodline!
If he had the Undying Bloodline, then he could bathe in this poison!
Unfortunately, he didn't!
Ye Xuan restrained his thoughts and gazed at the man. In the next moment, he vanished on the spot. In the distance, the man's eyes narrowed slightly, and then he suddenly clenched his fists. In an instant, the space around him turned dark green!
Poison!
Suddenly, a strand of mysterious energy enveloped the man. In the next moment, countless rays of light crisscrossed and slashed within the Sword Domain, and the poison was instantly slashed into pieces. At the same time, a sword slashed towards the man's head!
The man frowned slightly. He was just about to attack when the sword suddenly vanished. The man was slightly stunned. In the next moment, he swiftly turned around and smashed his fist forward. A strand of light slashed from his fist, but it vanished as soon as it came into contact with his fist. In the next moment, countless rays of light appeared around the man. Hiss!
Hiss! Hiss!
Numerous sounds of slashing resounded incessantly!
However, it only lasted for an instant. An instant later, the rays of light and the Sword Domain had vanished, and Ye Xuan had returned to where he stood earlier!
At this moment, the man's entire body was densely covered in scars!
The man was just about to attack when Ye Xuan had returned to where he stood earlier, and he was stunned. But in the next moment, Ye Xuan had appeared in front of him again. A few dozen rays of light flickered around the man, but Ye Xuan had returned to where he stood in an instant!
This stunned the man who was about to counterattack. Because Ye Xuan had fled by the time he was about to counterattack!
Exhaustion!
Fleeing after touching him a few times!
Right at this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly vanished on the spot again. The man's pupils constricted, and he smashed his fist forward. However, he was stunned by this punch!
Because Ye Xuan hadn't attacked at all!
His punch had struck a lonely figure!
But right at this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly vanished once more. The man's expression changed abruptly because a sword had arrived directly above his head. The man clenched his fists tightly, and then countless strands of poison swept out from within him. However, Ye Xuan had returned to where he stood at the instant the poison appeared!
The poison had struck loneliness as well!
Ye Xuan was about to attack again when the man suddenly said, "Stop!"
Ye Xuan gazed at the man, and the man gazed at Ye Xuan, "Big Brother, I surrender. You can leave!"
As he spoke, he moved aside and made way for Chen Xi.
Ye Xuan was speechless.
...








Chapter 1514
At that moment, the man felt aggrieved!
This was because speed was his weakness!
His speed could not match up to Ye Xuan's. Hence, if Ye Xuan used this shameless method and Ye Xuan's sword could break through his defense, there was nothing he could do!
He could only admit defeat!
If this went on, he would be exhausted to death!
Ye Xuan looked at the man and blinked. "Not fighting anymore?"
The man shook his head. "Not fighting anymore!
Admit defeat!
Go away! "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
In fact, he was fighting with all his might!
This was because he had learned a new way of fighting!
In the past, he relied on his strong physique and bloodline power to face everything head-on. Of course, he could take it head-on!
However, this made his swordsmanship very monotonous!
What if he could not take it head-on?
It was just like when he met someone as strong as the Third Lady!
He still remembered the sparring session with the Third Lady!
From the beginning to the end, he was completely suppressed.
Why?
Because he did not know how to change!
If he met someone weaker than him, he could take it head-on. However, what if he met someone stronger than him?
Swordsmanship was not a static thing!
Just like earlier, he chose to take it head-on, but that would result in both of them suffering!
This was because the man's venom could pose a threat to him, but after he changed his method, he was able to suppress the man!
In the past, his swordsmanship had reached the stage of sword transformation, but at this moment, he finally understood what 'transformation' meant!
Thinking of this, Ye Xuan shook his head and smiled.
He was glad that he met that Swordsman. Otherwise, he would still be lost in external forces.
There were some things that others said were useless. Only those who experienced it themselves would understand the truth!
Just like when people say that it hurts to be cut by a knife, you would know the pain. However, if the knife did not cut you, you would not know how painful it was, and you would not know what it felt like!
At this moment, he gradually understood the real reason why Swordsman asked him to leave this mountain range.
Ye Xuan sheathed his sword and looked at the man. "Sorry for the offense!"
After that, he continued to move forward.
He came here to gain experience. If it wasn't necessary, he naturally wouldn't make enemies.
Meanwhile, the man suddenly said, "You want to walk out like this?"
Ye Xuan stopped in his tracks. He looked at the man and nodded. "Yes!"
The man shook his head. "You won't be able to leave!"
Ye Xuan smiled and asked, "Why?"
The man looked at Ye Xuan. "You'd better go back now!
Otherwise, you'll definitely die inside! "
Ye Xuan was puzzled. "Why do you say that?"
The man said indifferently, "Your arrival has already alarmed us. Right now, countless greater demons already know of you!
There are many Great Demons ahead waiting for you!
They are all betting on how far you can go! "
Ye Xuan blinked. "You all know me?"
The man nodded.
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment before he said, "Is it really that exaggerated?"
The man said calmly, "It has already been close to a hundred years since a human has set foot here!
As soon as you step in here, we can smell the scent of a human. "
Ye Xuan smiled sheepishly. "You won't gang up on me, right?"
The man was expressionless. "Don't worry, we won't gang up on you. We don't want to gang up on you.
But I can tell you that the road ahead of you will be very difficult! "
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "What rank do you belong to here?"
The man glanced at Ye Xuan. "I refuse to answer this question!"
Ye Xuan was speechless. The man didn't say anything else. He turned around and left. Soon, he disappeared into the distance.
Where he stood, Ye Xuan was silent for a moment before he continued forward!
Fight your way out!
This was the mission that Swordsman had given him!
Ye Xuan gripped the sword in his hand tightly and smiled coldly. When have I ever been afraid of anyone?
Soon, Ye Xuan disappeared at the end of the valley.
Out of the valley, there was a vast plain with no end in sight.
Ye Xuan continued forward. After walking for about fifteen minutes, the ground in front of him suddenly began to tremble!
Ye Xuan stopped and looked into the distance. At the end of his line of sight, he could vaguely see a demon beast. This demon beast was huge and had six legs. On its back were two huge pairs of black wings. As the wings flapped, the space in front of them was directly torn apart.
At this moment, this demon beast was charging toward Ye Xuan. At the same time, a powerful aura directly locked onto Ye Xuan.
The speed of the demonic beast was getting faster and faster, and its aura was getting stronger and stronger. When it was only ten thousand feet away from Ye Xuan, Ye Xuan felt as if a magnificent army was charging towards him!
It was unstoppable!
Ye Xuan's expression was extremely solemn. He gripped the sword in his hand tightly in his left hand. He had never felt such a powerful aura before!
The mysterious woman and the others very rarely released their aura.
Meanwhile, the demon beast was growing faster and faster, and its aura was actually increasing explosively at an extremely swift speed. Moreover, the space in front of Ye Xuan had actually started to warp.
I can't go against it!
Such a thought suddenly arose in Ye Xuan's mind!
Ye Xuan's face was gloomy. He knew that he'd lost the initiative. At this moment, he'd been completely crushed in terms of aura!
Retreat?
If he retreated, then he'd be in an absolutely disadvantageous position!
Moreover, he couldn't retreat because his opponent's aura had completely locked down this area of space!
Attack?
At this moment, he'd lost the initiative. If he attacked, then he could only go head-on against his opponent's aura!
He wasn't confident at all!
Ye Xuan felt slightly aggrieved!
At this moment, he thought of his body at the God Realm.
If he still had his body, then would he have to suffer such grievances?
Without giving it any further thought, Ye Xuan took a step forward, and his Sword Domain directly enveloped the demon beast that had charged towards him. However, in an instant, his countenance turned pale. At the same time, his Sword Domain started to crack inch by inch!
At this moment, Ye Xuan couldn't be bothered about anything else, and he immediately drew his sword and slashed.
Bang!
An expanse of sword light descended, and then Ye Xuan's figure was blasted flying. He flew for over 3km before he smashed onto the ground, and he smashed open a hole that was over 30m deep!
Within the hole, Ye Xuan's right hand trembled while blood sprayed incessantly from his mouth.
He'd been heavily injured by this strike!
Strength!
This time, he hadn't just been suppressed by the demon beast's imposing aura, he'd even been suppressed by its strength. The demon beast's strength far surpassed his strength. After all, he didn't possess the strength of his body anymore, so his pure strength of the Sword Dao couldn't compare to that demon beast!
Ye Xuan didn't give it any further thought and immediately crawled up from the ground. Meanwhile, the demon beast that far surpassed him leaped up and smashed towards him. This collision was like a mountain smashing towards him, and Ye Xuan's expression changed abruptly. He suddenly stomped his foot on the ground and transformed into a ray of light that vanished on the spot. When he appeared once more, he was over 100m away, and the expanse of space where he stood earlier had collapsed!
Ye Xuan's eyelids twitched when he witnessed this scene. Because the strength of this demon beast was even stronger than his body at the God Realm!
The demon beast immediately turned around after its attack missed, and it gazed at Ye Xuan with a ferocious glow in its eyes.
Ye Xuan held his sword in his right hand while blood was still flowing from the corners of his mouth.
Right at this moment, the demon beast suddenly vanished on the spot. Ye Xuan's pupils constricted abruptly. Dammit! Not only is this fellow's strength so formidable, his speed is actually so swift as well!
Ye Xuan didn't give it any further thought and immediately executed Instakill. This strike slashed directly at the demon beast's right eye. However, right at this moment, the demon beast suddenly closed its eye.
Bang!
Ye Xuan's sword was directly blasted away!
Ye Xuan was stunned. Dammit! What's that even possible?
Meanwhile, the demon beast had already charged over to him, and Ye Xuan's expression changed drastically. He was utterly unable to dodge at such a distance, and he didn't even have his sword in his hand. So, he could only use his body to go against it!
He had no choice but to go against it!
Ye Xuan suddenly crossed his arms before pushing them forward.
Bang!
Along with the sound of two bones breaking, Ye Xuan's figure was blasted flying for over 10km, and he spat out a few mouthfuls of Blood Essence as soon as he stopped.
The demon beast didn't attack again, and it just gazed at Ye Xuan with eyes filled with ridicule. "So weak?"
I've been looked down upon!
Ye Xuan glanced at the demon beast. At this moment, the bones in his arms had been shattered!
Regardless of whether it was in terms of speed or strength, he didn't have any advantage at all!
How should I fight it?
Flee?
Running away was the best choice!
However, he didn't want to flee!
Can I not use my sword just because I don't have my hands?
Ye Xuan issued a command in his heart, and the Supreme Sword in the distance suddenly transformed into a ray of light that slashed at the demon beast. However, the demon beast didn't dodge at all and allowed the sword to strike its body.
Bang!
The ray of light shattered while Ye Xuan's sword was blasted away, and there was only a mark on the demon beast's head!
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The demon beast gazed at Ye Xuan and laughed with ridicule. "That's it?"
Ye Xuan fell silent. Now, he'd realized how abnormal his strength was!
If one's body was sufficiently strong, then one would be invincible!
Right at this moment, the demon beast suddenly leaped up and collided with Ye Xuan again. Ye Xuan's pupils constricted, and he tapped the ground with the tip of his foot and floated backwards. He'd just floated away when the space in front of him had turned pitch black!
Ye Xuan seemed to have thought of something when he saw that pitch black space, and he suddenly stomped his right foot on the ground, causing a mysterious force to envelop the demon beast.
Darkness!
At the instant the darkness appeared, the pitch black space where the demon beast resided started to explode apart, and the demon beast was blasted over 100m away. At this moment, numerous cracks had appeared on its body!
Ye Xuan was delighted when he witnessed this scene!
Darkness!
The power of the darkness depended on the amount of dark matter energy, and after the demon beast crashed into that space, the dark space was filled with dark matter energy!
He'd directly used the darkness to detonate the dark matter energy in that space!
He hadn't expected the power to be so great!
As if he'd thought of something, Ye Xuan's mind moved, and an illusory dark energy sword suddenly condensed in that dark space. In the next moment, the sword slashed towards the demon beast in the distance.
This sword didn't just contain the darkness, it also contained the sword domain!
The power of the two domains combined!
The demon beast didn't dodge and chose to take it head-on.
Boom!
The sword slashed against the demon beast's head, and the demon beast retreated over 100m away. At the same time, a bloody mark appeared on its head!
The demon beast was stunned. Its defense had been broken?
The demon beast looked at Ye Xuan, and Ye Xuan twisted his buttocks and smiled wickedly. "That's it?
That's it?
That's it? "
The demon beast was speechless.
.....
PS: Asking for votes!
Asking for support!








Chapter 1515
The demon beast was infuriated!
It leaped up and smashed towards Ye Xuan. This collision was simply capable of obliterating the world, and the space in its path collapsed inch by inch!
Ye Xuan's eyelids twitched when he witnessed this scene. Dammit! This demon beast is really strong! He didn't give it any further thought, and he issued a command in his heart. The Supreme Sword in the distance suddenly transformed into a ray of light that slashed towards the demon beast. At the same time, he retreated explosively.
Bang!
His sword had just struck the demon beast's head when it was blasted flying!
But at this moment, Ye Xuan had retreated over 1km away!
The demon beast was just about to attack once more when the distant Ye Xuan grinned instead. The demon beast's expression instantly changed drastically when it saw Ye Xuan's smile. Because the space it was in had already collapsed from the collision, and it was within this spatial black hole!
Moreover, it was filled with Dark Matter Energy!
The demon beast was about to retreat when Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Explode!"
Bang!
The pitch-black space suddenly exploded, and all the dark matter energy inside was detonated by Ye Xuan with the Dark Domain!
This explosion was simply capable of obliterating the world. With the demon beast at the center, the space in an area of over 3km was instantly turned pitch black!
At this moment, both man and beast were within a spatial black hole!
When the demon beast stopped moving, many of its scales had exploded apart, and it was badly mangled!
However, this wasn't the end of it. Because both it and Ye Xuan were within a dark space, and there was boundless Dark Matter Energy here!
Ye Xuan grinned as he gazed at the demon beast, and then he issued a command in his heart. In an instant, the Dark Matter Energy in the surroundings suddenly transformed into numerous energy swords. In an instant, Ye Xuan had transformed into over 100,000 energy swords!
The demon beast's expression instantly changed when it saw those energy swords!
It started to retreat slowly!
Ye Xuan suddenly took a step forward, and his Sword Domain enveloped the demon beast. In the next moment, he suddenly roared furiously, "Explode!"
As soon as he finished speaking, the energy swords transformed into rays of sword light that slashed towards the demonic beast.
The pupils of the demon beast constricted abruptly. Its wings suddenly unfolded, and then they transformed into a wing shield that blocked in front of it in a defensive posture!
Rumble …
In the blink of an eye, one explosion after another sounded out from within the black hole. This continued for a full fifteen minutes before the energy swords finished exploding. By this time, the Demon Beast had been forced back more than three thousand meters!
At this moment, the demonic beast's appearance could not be said to be a little miserable. This was because its pair of wings had been shattered and its body was covered in bloody sword wounds. Blood spurted out from its body like a fountain. Fortunately, its body was big enough. Otherwise, it would have died from the spurting.
At this moment, Ye Xuan's face was extremely pale!
Weakness!
Right now, he felt incomparably weak. Controlling two Domains and so many Sword Qi was extremely taxing on his stamina. That attack just now had almost exhausted him!
After losing his God Realm body, his body was not as good as before!
The demon beast suddenly raised its head and gazed at Ye Xuan, and its eyes were filled with killing intent and viciousness, "Human! You've infuriated me!"
Ye Xuan blinked and said, "Look around you!"
The demon beast glanced at the surroundings. At this moment, it and Ye Xuan were still within the black hole. Moreover, the black hole had grown even larger from the force of the attack just now!
The demon beast's eyelids twitched when it witnessed this scene. It noticed that Ye Xuan's strength was much stronger within such a black hole!
Ye Xuan issued a command in his heart, and then the dark energy in the surroundings suddenly started trembling. It didn't take long for over a dozen energy swords formed from dark energy to appear in front of Ye Xuan.
The demon beast's face twitched when it witnessed this scene, and it stared fixedly at Ye Xuan, "Human! Do you dare!?
Use a sword! "
"What the fuck!"
Ye Xuan's jaw almost hit the floor when he heard this, and he gazed at the demon beast with slight disbelief, "Are you even human?"
The demon beast roared furiously, "I'm not human!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The demon beast stared fixedly at Ye Xuan, "Human.
Do you dare to fight me without using a sword!? "
Ye Xuan gazed at the demon beast and shook his head, "I'd thought that my skin was thick enough, but I never expected that there would be someone even thicker!
Tell me, if I don't use a sword, then what should I use?
Fight you with my head? "
The demon beast roared furiously, "As long as you don't use a sword, you can use anything!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Dammit! Is this demon beast underage?
It's actually speaking such childish words!
As if he'd thought of something, Ye Xuan's pupils constricted, and he gazed at the demon beast, "Dammit!
You're buying time! "
As soon as he finished speaking, the black holes in the surroundings actually started to recover slowly.
There were Laws in the world, and so long as space wasn't directly obliterated, then it could be recovered!
At this moment, the space in the surroundings was automatically recovering!
This demon beast wasn't stupid, but it was very shrewd. This guy had been stalling for time!
The demon beast looked coldly at Ye Xuan, "Human, you're not that stupid!"
As it spoke, the surrounding space had already recovered by 60-70%.
Seeing this scene, Ye Xuan's face suddenly sank, and as if he'd thought of something, he suddenly looked at the demon beast, "You seem to be badly injured!"
The demon beast sneered, "Aren't you also badly injured?"
Ye Xuan blinked, "Do you have any other enemies in this mountain range?"
Hearing this, the demon beast frowned.
Seeing this scene, Ye Xuan chuckled, "If we continue to fight, both sides will only suffer. How about this, let's both recuperate first, and then continue fighting after we've recovered!"
He needed time now as well because the bones in his arms had been shattered by this demon beast!
But it was good because it allowed him to comprehend the combination of the Sword Domain and Darkness Domain. It could be said that his sword would become even stronger after they were combined. Especially when his opponent or himself shattered the space in the surroundings. Under such circumstances, his combat strength would increase by an unknown amount while he was within the Sword Domain!
The Sword Domain naturally couldn't be considered as an external force. Moreover, he'd even combined the Sword Domain and Darkness Domain.
This could be said to be an extension of his Sword Dao!
The demon beast fell silent when it heard Ye Xuan.
It was naturally not stupid, and it knew that if they continued fighting, then it was very likely that both sides would suffer heavy injuries. Moreover, if it were to suffer heavy injuries now, then once its enemy took advantage of the situation, then it would be extremely disadvantageous to it.
After all, it didn't have any deep enmity with this human before it, and they were merely on different sides.
When it thought up to here, the demon beast gazed at Ye Xuan, "Then let's rest for a while before we continue fighting!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Alright!"
The Demonic Beast slowly retreated, but Ye Xuan did not move. He had to watch the Demonic Beast retreat. Otherwise, if the Demonic Beast launched a surprise attack, it would be very difficult for him to defend against it in his current state!
After the Demonic Beast left, Ye Xuan sat cross-legged on the ground and began to recuperate!
Without the power of the bloodline, he could only use Xuan Qi to repair his body. Although it was very slow, he had no other choice.
While he was recuperating, he kept thinking about the fight with the demon beast.
In the beginning, he was crushed by the demonic beast's aura, which led to him being suppressed!
Imposing manner!
Ye Xuan took a deep breath. He had used his sword force before, but he realized that his force was much weaker than the demonic beast's!
What was momentum?
Ye Xuan
He fell into deep thought.
He suddenly discovered that after he abandoned his physical body and bloodline power, he could discover his own inadequacies at every moment.
There were simply too many inadequacies!
Just like that, after about two hours, Ye Xuan's arms recovered to their original state, and the injuries on his body had also recovered by 80% to 90%!
Ye Xuan stood up and moved his body. The bones in his body immediately made cracking sounds!
Ye Xuan took a deep breath. He opened his left hand and the Unparalleled Sword appeared in his hand. Looking at the sword in his hand, Ye Xuan smiled slightly and continued forward.
He realized that the moment he held the sword, he was more confident than before.
This confidence was something that he had fought for!
Ye Xuan continued forward. After about two hours, he saw the Demonic Beast that fought with him earlier. At this moment, the Demonic Beast's injuries had almost recovered!
The Demonic Beast looked at Ye Xuan with a much calmer gaze than before.
Ye Xuan suddenly smiled and said, "Come and fight!"
As soon as his voice fell, he suddenly charged towards the Demonic Beast!
He was charging!
The Demonic Beast was instantly stunned when it saw Ye Xuan suddenly charge over. This fellow is actually taking the initiative to attack?
When Ye Xuan charged towards the Demonic Beast, he had a smile on his face as if he was certain that he would be able to eat the Demonic Beast. At the same time, a strand of sword energy enveloped the Demonic Beast!
The Demonic Beast frowned slightly as it gazed at Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan's gaze and smile made it feel very uncomfortable, and it felt like Ye Xuan was certain that he would be able to eat it!
The Demonic Beast suddenly leaped up and directly collided with Ye Xuan. This collision caused the space around it to tremble, but it didn't shatter. Obviously, it had restrained its strength!
It had no choice but to retract its strength. Once space shattered, then this human's combat strength would instantly soar …. It was still slightly afraid of those two Domains!
The human and beast had chosen to fight head-on as soon as they met!
When Ye Xuan arrived above the Demonic Beast's head, he suddenly drew his sword and slashed.
Sword Drawing Technique!
This strike directly tore space apart. At the same time, the Sword Domain appeared along with it.
Bang!
Ye Xuan's sword struck the Demonic Beast's head. In an instant, his figure was blasted flying while the Demonic Beast was blasted down from the sky by the formidable force within Ye Xuan's sword. In the end, it crashed heavily onto the ground.
As soon as it crashed onto the ground, the Demonic Beast stood up, and it raised its head to look at Ye Xuan who was in the distance. At this moment, Ye Xuan was already over 1km away from it!
The Demonic Beast revealed a savage smile and was about to attack. However, right at this moment, a crack resounded as the space in front of it collapsed completely. In an instant, the space in front of it had become pitch black!
The Demonic Beast's expression changed drastically when it witnessed this scene, and it was about to retreat. However, right at this moment, countless Dark Energy Swords had suddenly appeared within the darkness. In the next moment, these Dark Energy Swords shot violently towards it!
Moreover, it possessed the Sword Domain!
The Demonic Beast's face twitched slightly. This time, it didn't choose to go head-on against Chen Xi's attack. It just turned around and leaped, and it instantly appeared 3km away.
Ye Xuan was stunned when he witnessed this scene. Dammit! This fellow isn't going to go head-on against me?
The Demonic Beast gazed at Ye Xuan from afar. It didn't move, and it was waiting for the shattered space to repair itself!
On the other hand, Ye Xuan naturally understood the Demonic Beast's intentions. So, he just didn't allow the space to repair itself, and he constantly used his swords to destroy the space in front of him ….
Just like that, the human and the Demonic Beast stood in confrontation.
This confrontation lasted for an entire day and night!
Neither was willing to retreat!
In the distance, the Demonic Beast gazed at Ye Xuan and sneered. "Human, aren't you tired?"
Ye Xuan fell silent. Dammit! This fellow intends to fight me to the end!
...








Chapter 1516
The demon beast immediately lay down on the ground and prepared to fight a long battle.
Ye Xuan glanced at the demon beast. He was helpless against it when it acted wretchedly.
Even though his sword was swift, it wasn't able to instantly annihilate the demon beast. Moreover, he could only suppress it by utilizing his Sword Domain.
However, the demon beast would flee as soon as he tore open space.
Most importantly, the demon beast would pursue him as soon as he retreated!
It was trying to fight a battle of attrition with him!
Ye Xuan was slightly speechless because no one could do anything to this demon beast.
Doudou!
But he couldn't afford to waste time!
As if he'd thought of something, Ye Xuan suddenly turned around and ran. The demon beast suddenly leaped up and smashed against Ye Xuan when it saw this scene. Everywhere it passed, space warped, but it didn't shatter because it controlled its strength!
Ye Xuan suddenly stopped in the distance, and then he swiftly drew his sword and slashed it forward. The target of this attack wasn't the demon beast but the space in front of him.
As soon as his sword descended, the space in front of him shattered.
However, the demon beast suddenly stopped. In the next moment, it turned around and leaped over 3km away.
However, a sword suddenly slashed down towards it as soon as it stopped!
The space in front of the demon beast was instantly torn apart.
The demon beast's pupils constricted when it saw space being torn apart, and it didn't even hesitate to turn around and flee. It was extremely swift, and it was 3km away in the blink of an eye.
However, another sword slashed down towards it as soon as it stopped fleeing.
But space wasn't torn apart this time!
The demon beast didn't retreat this time, and it allowed Ye Xuan's sword to strike its head.
Bang!
An expanse of sword light shattered.
The demon beast forcefully resisted this attack. This time, it didn't allow Ye Xuan's sword to fly away. It suddenly slapped Ye Xuan's sword to the ground, and then it pressed down forcefully onto Ye Xuan's sword.
The demon beast gazed at Ye Xuan and sneered, "Human, you don't have a sword anymore."
Ye Xuan fell silent, and his expression seemed to be quite unsightly.
The demon beast smiled with slight complacency, "Human, you're anxious.
It's my turn. "
As it spoke, it suddenly leaped up to the top of Ye Xuan's head, and then it suddenly slapped its palm towards Ye Xuan.
As the palm descended, it felt like a mountain was pressing down on him. The space around Ye Xuan directly twisted into a strange spatial vortex.
The space did not shatter!
Ye Xuan was a little shocked. This demonic beast's control over its own strength was not ordinary!
Without much thought, he opened his palm, and the Executing Heaven Sword appeared in his hand. In the next moment, he suddenly slashed forward. The target of this slash was still not the demonic beast, but the space in front of him. The space he was in was already on the verge of collapse due to the power of the demonic beast. As he slashed down with his sword, the space instantly collapsed!
However, Ye Xuan was sent flying!
That was because the strength of his sword was not as strong as the strength of the demonic beast.
However, the moment he flew out, countless energy swords suddenly appeared in the shattered space. In the next moment, those energy swords were directly detonated by Ye Xuan.
Rumble!
Between heaven and earth, a deafening explosion sounded like a clap of thunder!
In an instant, the demonic beast was directly blasted away. However, that was not the end of it. When the sword qi was detonated by Ye Xuan, the space within a radius of tens of thousands of miles was directly blasted apart and turned pitch-black.
In the distance, Ye Xuan suddenly roared furiously, "Condense!"
As soon as he spoke, the dark energy directly transformed into numerous energy swords. In an instant, over 100,000 energy swords were condensed. However, Ye Xuan's face also turned pale at this moment.
The consumption was too great!
Without thinking too much, Ye Xuan was about to detonate the sword qi when the demonic beast in the distance suddenly roared furiously, "Human, I surrender!"
Surrender?
Hearing this, Ye Xuan was directly stunned. He looked at the demonic beast. At this moment, the demonic beast was completely mutilated. Especially its wings, one of which had even been blasted off. It looked extremely miserable!
The demonic beast looked at Ye Xuan, "You win!"
As soon as it finished speaking, it turned around and fled, and it vanished at the end of the plains in the distance in the blink of an eye.
Ye Xuan heaved a sigh of relief when he saw the demonic beast flee.
Actually, he was unable to detonate it any longer.
Because he'd already reached his limits, and if he forcefully detonated it, then it would be no different than taking the demonic beast down with him.
Ye Xuan sat cross-legged on the ground and started to recuperate.
He was completely exhausted from the battle with the demonic beast earlier, and if this demonic beast hadn't been slightly careless, then he might have really been exhausted to death by it!
Needless to say, this battle with the demonic beast allowed him to notice many things that he was lacking in.
Speed wasn't absolute!
Even though his speed crushed the demonic beast, his strength was insufficient, and his sword was unable to pose a lethal threat to a demon beast at the Godrank Realm.
The speed of his sword was barely fast enough, but it wasn't strong enough!
Fortunately, he'd gained quite a bit from the battle with the demonic beast, and the greatest gain was his grasp of the Sword Domain!
His current Sword Domain wasn't as useless as it was in the past!
After an hour, Ye Xuan stood up and stretched his body. At this moment, his body had already mostly recovered.
Needless to say, he still slightly missed the Godrank Realm physical body and Undying Bloodline from before!
With the Godrank Realm physical body and Undying Bloodline, he could forcefully exhaust that demonic beast to death!
Of course, without the Godrank Realm physical body and Undying Bloodline now, he wasn't afraid of that demonic beast.
Ye Xuan glanced at the sword in his hand, and then he grinned lightly and continued forward.
Even he himself didn't notice that his mentality had already undergone a change.
More and more confident!
And this confidence came from the sword in his hand!
Four hours later, Ye Xuan walked out of that plain. He stood on the spot, and before him was a dense forest that had no end.
Ye Xuan glanced to the left and right at the horizon. At this moment, the sky was already dark.
After a moment of silence, Ye Xuan glanced at that dense forest. The dense forest was very quiet, and there wasn't the slightest sound.
It's definitely not normal!
Ye Xuan glanced to his left and right, and he realized that he could take a detour, but it would only take one to four more hours!
After a moment of silence, Ye Xuan finally did not choose to take a detour, because he was here to gain experience!
Wherever there was danger, he would go!
After entering the dense forest, his vision instantly darkened, and a sense of oppression assaulted his face!
Ye Xuan walked slowly, unhurriedly.
At this moment, Ye Xuan stopped, and around him, the trees suddenly trembled.
Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes, and a voice suddenly sounded in his mind, "Human?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
That voice was a little surprised, "Human, how dare you step into this place?"
Ye Xuan smiled, "To gain experience!"
That voice said, "But it's very dangerous here!"
Ye Xuan opened his eyes, he glanced around, and there was nothing around.
At this moment, that voice laughed, "Human, you can't see me."
Ye Xuan smiled, "Why?"
That voice said, "Because I'm a Wood Spirit!
Do you know what a Wood Spirit is? "
A Spirit of Heaven and Earth!
Ye Xuan was slightly shocked, this mountain range didn't just have demon beasts, there were also Spirits of Heaven and Earth!
At this moment, the Wood Spirit said, "Human, ahead is the territory of the Great Ferocious Beast Demon King Xiuqu. That demon beast is very, very powerful, and his temper is very, very bad. You must not go, or you'll die."
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Why did you remind me?"
Wood Spirit said, "Because if I don't warn you, you might die!"
Ye Xuan was stunned, and then he smiled, "Thank you!"
Wood Spirit smiled, "You're welcome, quickly go back!"
Ye Xuan shook his head, "I can't go back!"
Wood Spirit was slightly puzzled, "Why?"
Ye Xuan smiled, "I want to become stronger!"
Wood Spirit said, "But I feel that you're already very strong!"
Ye Xuan smiled, "Not enough!"
Wood Spirit said, "I understand!
You want to become even stronger! "
Ye Xuan smiled, "Yes!"
As he spoke, he continued forward.
Meanwhile, a wooden bottle suddenly floated over to Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan was slightly puzzled, "What's this?"
Wood Spirit said, "Essence Wood Spirit Liquid, it can be used to heal injuries. Keep it for yourself!"
Ye Xuan smiled. Needless to say, these Spirits of Heaven and Earth were very kind indeed.
He could sense the Wood Spirit's kindness, that kind of sincere kindness!
Ye Xuan didn't refuse. He put the wooden bottle away and smiled, "Thank you!"
Wood Spirit smiled, "You're welcome. Human, take care!"
Ye Xuan nodded and smiled, "I'll give you something as well!"
As he spoke, he opened his palm, and strands of violet energy floated towards the surroundings!
Meanwhile, the Wood Spirit was shocked, "Wow! Human, what kind of violet energy is this!?
The energy here is actually so pure, I've never seen such pure energy! "
Ye Xuan smiled, "Do you like it?"
Meanwhile, a woman suddenly appeared not too far away from Ye Xuan. She wore a green dress, had exquisite features, and seemed like a fairy!
The woman's eyes opened wide as she gazed at the violet energy, and she was very shocked.
Ye Xuan smiled, "I'll give it all to you!"
The woman gazed at Ye Xuan and blinked, "You're giving it all to me?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Yes!"
The woman hesitated for a moment and said, "It's very precious!"
Ye Xuan waved the wooden bottle in his hand and smiled, "This is very precious as well!"
The woman shook her head, "It's not as precious as this violet energy!
This violet energy might be able to allow me to evolve! "
Ye Xuan smiled, "Quickly accept it!"
The woman hesitated for a moment and said, "Then I'll accept it!"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Take it!"
The woman gazed at Ye Xuan and said in a soft voice, "Thank you!"
As she spoke, she sniffed lightly, and the violet energy instantly entered her body.
As soon as the violet energy entered her body, her body suddenly trembled, and then a strand of pure energy swept out from within her. At the same time, the trees in her surroundings actually started wriggling!
Ye Xuan sized the woman up. She's about to break through!
Is Xiao Ta's energy so terrifying!?
The violet energy he gave the woman earlier wasn't his own, but it was from Xiao Ta.
Ye Xuan thought for a moment, and then he asked Xiao Ta to withdraw some violet energy. In next to no time, the surroundings were covered in violet energy.
Ye Xuan glanced at the woman before he left.
He didn't know how long it would take for the woman to break through, but he knew that it would definitely take a long time. So, he couldn't waste too much time here!
Two hours later, Ye Xuan walked out of the dense forest. As soon as he walked out, a voice suddenly resounded from not too far away, "I've been waiting for you!"
....








Chapter 1517
Ye Xuan looked up, and there was a demon beast standing not too far away from him. The demon beast was like an ape, and it was as strong as a hill. Its arms were like pillars, and it had a tail behind it!
Demon King Xiu Qu!
Xiu Qu looked down at Ye Xuan, "Human, you want to go through the Great Desolation Mountain Range?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Xiu Qu spread its legs and smiled, "Don't say that I didn't give you a chance. Come, go under my crotch!"
Ye Xuan nodded, and then he walked over to Xiu Qu. In the next moment, he suddenly drew his sword and stabbed it towards Xiu Qu's crotch.
Bang!
A ray of light stabbed Xiu Qu's crotch, but Xiu Qu's crotch wasn't damaged at all!
After his attack failed, Ye Xuan instantly retreated 300m.
Xiu Qu looked down at Ye Xuan, patted his crotch, and sneered, "That's it?"
Ye Xuan clenched his sword tightly in his left hand. The defense of Xiu Qu's body was even stronger than the demon beast he'd encountered earlier!
Another tough nut to crack!
However, there wasn't a trace of fear in his eyes, and there was even more excitement!
Xiu Qu sneered, "A tiny ant dares to trespass into my Great Desolation Mountain Range? You really don't know your place …"
Right at this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly said, "You talk a lot of bullshit!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he suddenly vanished on the spot.
A ray of light slashed down towards Xiu Qu's head. Xiu Qu sneered and didn't dodge, allowing Ye Xuan's sword to strike its head.
Bang!
The ray of light exploded, but there wasn't even a mark left on Xiu Qu's head!
However, the space above its head had been slashed apart!
Xiu Qu looked at Ye Xuan and ridiculed, "Human, you …"
Suddenly, over 100 dark swords of energy appeared in the pitch black space above its head!
Xiu Qu frowned slightly when it sensed this scene, and it looked up. Meanwhile, the dark swords of energy exploded!
Rumble!
Along with an explosion, the space around Xiu Qinsheng shattered apart, and the powerful force blasted Xiu Qinsheng 300m away. At the same time, the space in an area of 3km had turned pitch black!
After Elegant Capture stopped, its expression directly became hideous because over a hundred blood-colored sword scars appeared all over its body!
Graceful Capture looked at the distant Ye Xuan, and at this moment, in front of it was a dense swarm of dark energy swords, numbering in the tens of thousands!
In the distance, Ye Xuan suddenly issued a command in his heart, and the tens of thousands of swords shot directly towards Xiuqu.
Xiu Qu's eyes narrowed slightly when he witnessed this scene. In the next moment, he took a step forward and suddenly smashed his fist forward!
This punch shook the heavens and earth!
Rumble!
In the blink of an eye, countless energy swords shattered, and numerous explosions resounded ceaselessly while Elegant Capture retreated explosively. In the process of Elegant Capture retreating, Ye Xuan suddenly vanished on the spot, and in the next moment, sword lights flickered ceaselessly around Elegant Capture.
Chi chi chi chi!
The sound of sword qi tearing through space resounded incessantly!
Just like that, after around 15 minutes passed, Ye Xuan returned to where he stood earlier, and all the sword qi had vanished!
Elegant Capture was still alive!
Even though its entire body was covered in blood red sword scars, they weren't lethal, and they were equivalent to the skin of a human!
Ye Xuan gazed at Elegant Capture with a trace of seriousness in his eyes. This demon king's body wasn't just a little bit stronger than the demon beast he'd encountered earlier.
Elegant Capture glanced at its body, and then it gazed at Ye Xuan and ridiculed, "Is that all?"
As he spoke, he punched Ye Xuan.
Bang!
A powerful force swept through the surroundings, and everywhere it passed, space collapsed inch by inch!
The instant Xiu Qinsheng punched out, Ye Xuan suddenly disappeared from where he stood. In the next moment, a sword fell straight down from above Xiu Qinsheng's head. It was extremely fast, and it instantly stabbed into Xiu Qinsheng's head.
Bang!
The sword shook violently while Ye Xuan felt his arms go numb. It was like he'd stabbed a piece of hard iron!
Elegant Capture's head wasn't damaged at all!
After his attack failed, Ye Xuan immediately stabbed his sword towards Elegant Capture's right eye.
Meanwhile, Elegant Capture suddenly closed his eyes.
Bang!
Ye Xuan's attack failed once more. At the same time, a powerful force blasted him flying, and at the instant he was blasted flying, Elegant Capture suddenly turned around and smashed his fist forward.
Rumble!
The space in front of him shattered into pieces!
Ye Xuan was blasted 3km away, and he'd just stopped when Elegant Capture smashed his fist towards him once more!
Ye Xuan felt as if a huge mountain was pressing down on him when this punch came!
It was suffocating pressure!
Ye Xuan suddenly stomped his right foot on the ground, and his entire body flashed back 10,000 feet. As soon as he dodged, the space in front of him instantly turned pitch-black, and the powerful impact once again blasted him several thousand feet back!
After he stopped, Ye Xuan suddenly drew his sword and slashed.
Sword Drawing Technique!
A ray of sword light shot into the sky and slashed down!
In the distance, Elegant Capture suddenly raised his right hand to block!
The sword light descended.
Bang!
Elegant Capture's right arm had forcefully blocked Ye Xuan's sword strike!
Elegant Capture lowered his right arm, and at this moment, a sword suddenly stabbed towards his throat.
Bang!
Elegant Capture's body trembled violently, but in the next moment, he suddenly smashed his fist forward!
Rumble!
Ye Xuan's expression changed slightly, and he hurriedly raised his sword to block!
Bang!
Ye Xuan was blasted 3km away along with his sword!
After he stopped, a wisp of blood slowly seeped out from the corner of Ye Xuan's mouth. He wiped the blood off the corner of his mouth, and then he looked at Elegant Capture. This fellow is too tough!
I can't break through his defense!
Actually, he could ignite his lifespan to execute the Life Sword!
If he ignited his lifespan now and utilized the Sword Drawing Technique or Instant Death, then he was entirely capable of breaking through Elegant Capture's defense.
However, igniting his lifespan was equivalent to using an external force!
Meanwhile, Elegant Capture suddenly leaped up, and then he suddenly smashed his fist towards Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan's expression changed slightly when he saw this scene, and then his figure shook and vanished on the spot.
Bang!
Elegant Capture's punch struck empty air, but the space where Ye Xuan stood had transformed into an enormous pitch black hole!
Ye Xuan didn't utilize the Dark Domain because even if it was combined with the Sword Domain, it was still unable to break through Elegant Capture's defense.
Elegant Capture's punch struck empty air, and then he turned to look at Ye Xuan in the distance and laughed coldly, "Human, do you only know how to dodge?"
Ye Xuan glanced at Elegant Capture, "Why do you have so much nonsense to say?"
As soon as he finished speaking, he suddenly vanished on the spot.
Hiss!
A strand of sword light instantly slashed against Elegant Capture's chest. However, it still wasn't able to break through Elegant Capture's defense!
Elegant Capture raised his hand and punched again!
Bang!
The sword light shattered into pieces while Ye Xuan had retreated over 1km away. As he retreated, countless flying swords slashed towards Elegant Capture. These flying swords were extremely swift, and they struck all over Elegant Capture's body in the blink of an eye.
However, Elegant Capture had forcefully resisted all of them!
He resisted them forcefully!
Elegant Capture patted his chest and laughed coldly, "Human, you're trying to find a flaw in my defense!"
Ye Xuan fell silent. He was indeed trying to find a flaw in Elegant Capture's defense. Unfortunately, this fellow didn't seem to have any flaws at all!
There was nowhere to attack!
Elegant Capture suddenly said, "Human …."
Ye Xuan suddenly spoke angrily, "It's just a fight. Why do you have so much nonsense to say?"
As soon as he finished speaking, he vanished on the spot.
Hiss!
A strand of sword light flashed!
In the distance, Elegant Capture's eyes narrowed slightly, and then he suddenly smashed his arms forward.
Rumble!
The strand of sword light was instantly shattered!
But in the next moment, a few more strands of sword light appeared around it ….
Just like that, the man and beast entered into battle once more!
Ye Xuan didn't choose to fight Elegant Capture head-on, and he chose to exhaust it instead!
If a single strike couldn't break through its defense, then what about a hundred, a thousand, or even ten thousand?
It could only be described as grinding!
However, it was very dangerous. Because while Elegant Capture's speed was inferior to his, its strength far surpassed his.
So long as he wasn't careful, he might be killed by a single punch!
Just like that, Ye Xuan forcefully tortured Xiuqu for four hours. At this moment, Xiuqu's body already had many blood-colored sword scars. Although they were not deep, these sword scars were getting deeper and deeper!
Because every single strike of Ye Xuan's would strike those marks!
On the other hand, Elegant Capture grew more and more restless. Because he noticed that he couldn't do anything to Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan was too wretched!
Ye Xuan never fought it head-on. Each of its punches had the power to destroy the world. However, Ye Xuan just did not take it head-on. That made it extremely angry. And it was exactly because of this that it became more and more agitated as it fought.
On the other hand, Ye Xuan grew more and more excited as he fought!
Because he noticed that the strength of his sword was growing stronger and stronger!
Moreover, he also discovered that his reaction speed had become faster!
Because the slightest carelessness might cause him to be heavily injured when fighting Elegant Capture. So, he couldn't afford to make any mistakes!
He couldn't afford to make any mistakes!
Just like this, time passed bit by bit, and Ye Xuan tortured Xiu Qu for an entire six hours. At this moment, the sword marks on Xiu Qu Qu's body were getting deeper and deeper, and its entire body was already dyed red with blood.
On the other hand, Ye Xuan's countenance was slightly pale. Because he couldn't afford to make any mistakes. So, he'd been maintaining a high degree of concentration throughout these past few hours. Such concentration consumed a lot of his strength.
However, he grew more and more excited as he fought. Moreover, he seemed to have entered into a strange state.
Presently, his mind was filled with a single thought, and that was to fight!
A frenzied battle!
Numerous rays of light crisscrossed ceaselessly. Ye Xuan's sword was growing faster and sharper. On the other hand, even though Elegant Capture had calmed himself down, he was still helpless against Ye Xuan's wretched method of fighting.
He'd been constantly waiting for Ye Xuan to make a mistake, but Ye Xuan just didn't make a mistake. He didn't make a single mistake!
Just like that, another four hours passed. Ye Xuan suddenly dodged backwards and dodged Elegant Qurgeon's fatal blow. After he stopped, Elegant Qurgeon suddenly said coldly, "Human, if this continues, will you be able to outlast me?"
Ye Xuan waved the sword in his hand and smiled, "Cut the crap and continue fighting!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he transformed into a ray of light that vanished on the spot.
Hiss!
A ray of light tore through the surroundings.
Elegant Capture suddenly spoke fiercely when he witnessed this scene, "Attack!"
As soon as he finished speaking, a few powerful auras suddenly flashed over from afar. In the next moment, an explosion resounded, and then Ye Xuan was blasted flying. He flew for over 10km ….
After Ye Xuan stopped moving, he spat out a mouthful of blood. He wiped off the blood from the corner of his mouth, and then he gazed at Elegant Capture. At this moment, four formidable demon beasts had appeared by Elegant Capture's side!
Ye Xuan was quite stunned, "A group fight?"
Elegant Capture stared fixedly at Ye Xuan, "Did I say I would fight you in a one on one battle?"
Ye Xuan said, "I'll fucking …."
.....








Chapter 1518
Ganging up!
One had to admit, Ye Xuan was somewhat stunned.
Weren't demonic beasts all very unyielding?
How could they do this sort of tasteless thing like ganging up?
Far away, that Xiu Qinsheng's expression was also somewhat ugly.
It also did not think of ganging up!
But Ye Xuan seriously made him angry!
Ye Xuan's fighting method was too wretched!
This made it fight very aggrieved!
Of course, the most important thing was that he knew that if this carried on, it would be extremely disadvantageous to him!
Because the sword scars on its body were getting more and more, and they were also getting deeper and deeper. If this carried on, the situation would become more and more disadvantageous to it!
Right at this time, Ye Xuan suddenly turned around and ran. Those demonic beasts behind Xiu Qinsheng were about to chase but were stopped by Xiu Qinsheng.
Xiu Qinsheng looked at the Ye Xuan disappearing in the distance and did not speak.
Beside Xiu Qinsheng, a demonic beast said in a solemn voice, "King, this human's strength is uncommon. His background is likely not simple!"
Xiu Qinsheng's eyes slowly shut.
It actually just wanted to chase away Ye Xuan. Because it discovered that it already could not do anything to this human in front of it.
Continuing to fight, it could not gain any advantage and might even be defeated!
If it was defeated by a human, then it, this demon king, would lose too much face.
In the Great Desolate Mountain Range, apart from that demonic beast ancestor, there were still the Ten Great Demon Kings. It was one of them.
If it were to be defeated at the hands of a human, not only would it lose face, it would even lose its prestige as a demon king.
And if it ganged up on Ye Xuan and killed Ye Xuan with numbers, it would also be ridiculed by the other demon kings.
Hence, the best way was to directly chase away Ye Xuan and let Ye Xuan go to other demon kings' territories.
Redirect the trouble!
...
After Ye Xuan escaped, he found a quiet place to sit down cross-legged, and then started to recuperate.
While recuperating, his mind kept thinking about the scene of exchanging blows with that Xiu Qinsheng previously.
His greatest shortcoming right now was that the sword was not sharp enough!
If the sword was sharp enough, that Xiu Qinsheng was not his match at all!
How could he make the sword stronger?
Fight!
That was the only word in Ye Xuan's mind!
The reason for that was because he discovered that his power was continuously increasing as he fought against Xiu Qinsheng.
The closer one was to death, the easier it was to break through one's limits!
After an hour, Ye Xuan stood up. At this moment, all the injuries on his body had been completely healed!
Ye Xuan sheathed his sword and continued forward!
He did not choose to take a detour. Instead, he continued to search for Xiuqu Demon King!
Soon, Ye Xuan arrived at Xiuqu Demon King's territory again.
Demon Monarch Xiuqin stared at Ye Xuan. This human was here again!
Ye Xuan looked at Demon Monarch Xiuqin. "Demon Monarch, fight me one-on-one!"
One-on-one!
Demon Monarch Xiuqin was expressionless. "Are you sure?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Xiuqin nodded and said, "How about this? I'll let you pass if you can withstand three punches from me. If you can't, then you'll have to return to where you came from!"
Three punches!
Ye Xuan blinked. "I won't!"
Take three punches head-on?
He was not stupid. If he took it head-on, he would not even be able to withstand one punch!
At this moment, Xiuqin said again, "Since you don't dare to take three punches from me, then I'll take three sword strikes from you. If I can withstand three sword strikes from you, you'll admit defeat. How about that?"
Ye Xuan's face darkened. Damn, is this even human?
Not to mention three sword strikes, I can't kill this fellow even with 30 sword strikes!
This fellow doesn't want to fight!
Xiuqin suddenly said coldly, "I can't hit you, but you can't hit me either. Do you want to be ganged up on?
Am I right? "
Ye Xuan, "…"
Xiuqin glanced coldly at Ye Xuan. "I'm not playing with you anymore!"
With that, he turned and left.
Ye Xuan was speechless.
He finally saw through it!
This fellow doesn't want to fight anymore!
After a moment, Ye Xuan shook his head and left.
If the other party didn't want to fight, he couldn't force him to, right?
If he angered this fellow and they really ganged up on him, wouldn't he be beaten to death?
Soon, Ye Xuan disappeared at the end of the dense forest in the distance.
Somewhere, Xiuqin looked at the place where Ye Xuan disappeared and shook his head. "He's seeking his own death."
With that, he turned and left.
It had to be said that Ye Xuan's strength was indeed very strong. However, in the vast Great Desolate Mountain Range, it was really nothing.
Wanting to leave the Great Desolate Mountain Range?
That was basically impossible!
Not to mention Ye Xuan, even he could not fight his way out of the Great Desolate Mountain Range!
At this moment, a voice sounded from beside Xiuqin, "My king, that human entered the swamp of Mount Mang."
Hearing this, Xiuqin was stunned and then said softly, "He really knows how to choose a place …"
...
Ye Xuan came before a swamp. Looking at the swamp in front of him, Ye Xuan frowned.
This place doesn't look like a good place!
At this moment, the swamp in front of him suddenly wriggled. Then, the space around him suddenly trembled.
Ye Xuan frowned slightly. He drew his sword and slashed down.
Chi!
A sword light fell straight down.
However, the space in front of him did not move at all!
Seeing this, Ye Xuan's expression sank.
The space around him had been sealed!
At this moment, the space around him suddenly cracked open. Swamp mud seeped out from these cracks.
Ye Xuan suddenly took a step forward and slashed down again. This time, a sharp sword hum suddenly rang out. However, the space where the sword landed still did not move at all!
After a moment of silence, Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes. He sensed his surroundings. There seemed to be some mysterious barrier in the space around him!
Ye Xuan did not dare to be careless. He knew that not all the demon beasts here relied on their physical bodies. There were some that knew mysterious divine abilities. From a certain perspective, these demon beasts were even more terrifying than those that relied on their physical bodies!
At this moment, the swamp mud increased. At this rate, in less than 15 minutes, the space around him would become a swamp space!
Ye Xuan frowned slightly. The other party wanted to use this method to kill him?
As if thinking of something, Ye Xuan held his sword and slashed at the swamp mud. This slash did not damage the swamp mud at all. Not only that, but his own sword was covered by the swamp mud and then corroded!
Ye Xuan was shocked, and the sword in his right hand shook violently.
Boom!
A sword light shook out, and the sword returned to normal.
Ye Xuan glanced at the swamp mud. What was this thing?
It could even corrode his supreme sword!
More and more swamp mud appeared in the surroundings.
Ye Xuan fell silent. If he utilized the Space Dao Law, then he would actually be able to break through this spatial barrier with ease. However, he didn't want to use it!
Because it wasn't his own strength, but the strength of the Space Dao Law.
Swordsman had said that he would rely on his own strength to walk out of here!
His own strength!
Ye Xuan glanced at the surroundings. A moment later, his Sword Domain suddenly enveloped the surroundings, and then he suddenly drew his sword and slashed in front of him!
Space trembled as his sword slashed down, but it didn't split open. Meanwhile, Ye Xuan immediately slashed down again. Just like that, he'd slashed over 100 times towards the same spot in just a few breaths of time!
Finally, when Ye Xuan's final slash descended, a rift split open in space, and Ye Xuan immediately activated Dark Prison before detonating it.
Rumble!
With him at the center, the space around him suddenly shattered.
After the space shattered, Ye Xuan issued a command in his heart, and a few hundred Dark Energy Swords appeared around him.
Meanwhile, a voice suddenly resounded from the swamp in front of him. "Sword Domain …. How rare!"
Ye Xuan gazed at the swamp. Meanwhile, a man slowly floated up from the swamp. The man's upper body was no different from a human's, but his lower body was like a wolf's. Most importantly, the man was dressed extremely flirtatiously. He had heavy makeup on his face, and he even wore a small red flower in his ear. He looked extremely flirtatious.
Ye Xuan sized him up. Is this fellow half-human half-demon?
The corners of the man's mouth curled up slightly when he noticed Ye Xuan's gaze, and he revealed a charming smile. "Do I look good?"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The man sized up Ye Xuan and smiled. "Human, I heard you want to pass through this mountain range?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes!"
The man laughed. His laughter was a little sharp, and it was neither a man nor a woman. It was very ear-piercing.
After laughing for a while, the man looked at Ye Xuan, and his smile became even more charming. "Human, I have a way to help you leave this mountain range!"
Ye Xuan said indifferently, "What way?"
The man covered his mouth and smiled. "Sleep with me!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The man looked at Ye Xuan, and his face blushed. "If you sleep with me and make me feel good, I will help you leave this desolate mountain range.
I'll help you leave this desolate mountain range, you … "
Ye Xuan suddenly shook his head. "I can't take it anymore!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he suddenly disappeared.
Chi!
A wisp of sword light tore through the air.
In the distance, the man's smile suddenly turned cold. He clapped his hands together, and this time, he directly caught Ye Xuan's sword. However, the next moment, Ye Xuan's sword shook violently.
Bang!
The man was directly pushed back. At the moment when the man was pushed back, the sword in Ye Xuan's hand suddenly disappeared.
Instant Kill!
In the distance, the man's pupils suddenly shrank. He stomped his right foot, and his whole body directly sank into the swamp.
Bang!
The sword light entered the swamp, and the entire swamp shook violently. Swamp mud shot up into the sky!
Ye Xuan opened his palm, and the sword returned to his hand. He looked at the swamp and frowned. He could not feel the man's aura.
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly turned around. In front of him, an afterimage swept past. Ye Xuan drew his sword and slashed.
Bang!
As the sword fell, the space in front of Ye Xuan directly shattered, and an afterimage retreated rapidly. It was the man.
The man was pushed back several thousand feet, and there was a deep sword mark on his hand!
After the man stopped, he glanced at the sword mark on his hand, and then he smiled at Ye Xuan. "What a powerful sword!"
Ye Xuan was about to attack. Suddenly, the man smiled and said, "You're Ye Xuan, right?"
Ye Xuan was stunned when he heard this.
This guy knows that I'm Ye Xuan?
.....








Chapter 1519
He had to admit that he was a little confused at this moment.
How did this guy know his name was Ye Xuan?
It didn't make sense!
One had to know that this place was very far from the Fifth Dimension!
Moreover, this was his first time here!
At this time, the man smiled, "You seem very confused!"
Ye Xuan looked at the man, "A little!"
The man's lips curved, "Ye Xuan, I heard you have a treasure on you."
Ye Xuan frowned, "Treasure?"
The man nodded, "Yes!"
Ye Xuan smiled, "What treasure?"
The man looked at Ye Xuan, "You still don't know what treasure it is?"
Ye Xuan shook his head, "I have a lot of treasures, I don't know which one you are talking about!"
The man smiled, "Let me remind you!
Purple gas! "
Purple gas!
Hearing this, Ye Xuan narrowed his eyes, "You know about purple gas!"
The man laughed, "That wood spirit suddenly broke through, this alarmed many monster kings!"
Ye Xuan shook his head, "Let's not talk about purple gas first, can you tell me how you know my name?"
The man smiled, "Guess!"
Ye Xuan shook his head, "Not guessing!"
As his voice fell, he suddenly disappeared.
Chi!
The space in front of the man was suddenly torn apart.
The man's pupils shrank. He wanted to dodge but found that Ye Xuan's sword was many times faster than before!
He couldn't dodge at all!
He could only take it head-on!
The man suddenly pointed between his eyebrows, "Wolf soul!"
Bang!
A Wolf Soul suddenly appeared behind the man. This Wolf Soul howled fiercely, and a powerful soul force swept out, forcefully blocking Ye Xuan's sword.
In the distance, Ye Xuan subconsciously wanted to take out the Soul Suppressing Sword, but he quickly realized that the Soul Suppressing Sword inside the Prison Pagoda gradually calmed down.
Ye Xuan was silent.
He suddenly found that as long as he used external objects, ordinary experts were not his opponent!
In the distance, the man looked at Ye Xuan and said with a smile, "You really aren't simple!"
Ye Xuan looked at the man. He opened his palm, and a wisp of purple gas appeared in his hand.
Xiao Ta's purple aura!
The man's eyes instantly narrowed when he saw the purple Qi. His eyes flickered with excitement and greed.
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Tell me, how do you know my name!"
The man looked at Ye Xuan and said with a smile, "Guess!"
Ye Xuan suddenly disappeared on the spot.
A wisp of a cold smile arose on the corners of the man's mouth. He pressed his palms together and suddenly bent down. "Soul Annihilation!"
Behind him, the wolf soul suddenly bent down and roared.
Rumble!
With this roar, the space in front of him was directly destroyed. It was extremely shocking!
However, as soon as the space was destroyed, tens of thousands of energy swords were suddenly condensed by Ye Xuan. In the next moment, the tens of thousands of energy swords exploded.
Rumble!
The man was sent flying along with his soul. At the moment he was sent flying, a sword suddenly stabbed into the wolf soul above his head.
Soul Subduing Sword!
Although it wasn't the Soul Subduing Sword, this sword had an extremely strong restraining effect on the soul.
After being stabbed by the sword, the wolf soul was directly annihilated!
The man let out an extremely shrill scream. When he landed on the ground, a sword suddenly pressed against his forehead.
Ye Xuan looked down at the man. "I'll ask you one last time. How do you know my name!?"
The man stared at Ye Xuan. "My father is the Demon King of Mount Mang. If you dare touch …"
Ye Xuan suddenly slashed down with his sword.
Chi!
The man's head flew off!
The eyes of the man's head that had been sent flying were wide open, filled with disbelief. I haven't finished speaking yet!
After killing the man with one strike, Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes. At that moment, a blood-red thread suddenly flew out of the dead man's body.
This thread slowly flew up and finally appeared on his body.
Disaster Karma Thread!
Ye Xuan said softly, "It really is you!"
With that said, he entered the Prison Pagoda and went to the ninth level.
The Door of Disaster was still on the ninth level!
Ye Xuan walked in front of the Door of Disaster. "I got to know the wood spirit and sowed good karma. However, because of this good karma, I will become a juicy piece of meat in the eyes of the demon beasts in the Great Desolate Mountain Range!
Because to these Demon Beasts, the temptation of the violet mist was far too great!
If these demon beasts want the purple gas, they will definitely come to me. If I kill them, I will attract more karma and bad karma, right? "
The Door of Disaster did not speak.
Ye Xuan said again, "You want me to have more bad karma, or rather, you want to use the demon beasts in the Great Desolate Mountain Range to kill me, right?"
The Door of Disaster still did not respond.
Ye Xuan continued, "The demon beasts must know my name because of you, right?"
The Door of Disaster still did not respond.
Ye Xuan looked at the Door of Disaster, smiled slightly, and turned to leave.
The Cause of Disaster?
He was no longer that afraid.
As long as he, Ye Xuan, did things with a clear conscience. As for other things, as long as he had a clear conscience, why should he care about anything else?
After Ye Xuan left, the Door of Disaster suddenly trembled …
...
Outside the Prison Pagoda, Ye Xuan continued forward.
Right now, he no longer cared about the Cause of Disaster.
Be yourself and have a clear conscience. As for other things, screw them!
Not long after, a demon beast suddenly appeared in front of Ye Xuan. The demon beast looked at Ye Xuan, its eyes filled with ferocity and greed. "Human, I heard you have purple gas, you …"
Ye Xuan raised his hand and slashed.
Psst!
The demon beast's head flew off, blood spurting out.
Ye Xuan continued forward. Soon, Ye Xuan reached the end of the swamp. Behind him, there were dozens of demon beast corpses.
When he was about to walk out of the swamp, a timid voice suddenly sounded from his right. "Human … Human …"
Ye Xuan turned to look. Not far to his right, there was a small demon beast. The demon beast was shaped like a tiger. Its body was snow-white, and it had two tails.
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "What are you doing?"
This demon beast had been following him for a while.
The small demon beast hesitated, then said, "Human, can you give me a bit of purple gas?
Just a bit! "
Ye Xuan looked at the small demon beast and smiled, "What do you want purple gas for?"
The small demon beast said timidly, "My father fought with someone and was seriously injured. If there is no healing item, he won't live."
Ye Xuan said, "Really?"
The small demon beast hurriedly said, "Yes!
If you don't believe me, I can take you to see it!
Are you … willing to go? "
Ye Xuan smiled, "Alright, take me there!"
The small demon beast was extremely excited, and its voice trembled, "Come with me …"
As it spoke, it turned around and ran towards the distance.
Ye Xuan followed the small demon beast. No, he followed it to a cave, and he saw a comparatively larger demon beast within the cave. At this moment, the demon beast was covered in blood.
Ye Xuan frowned when he saw this scene. This demon beast was heavily injured!
The demon beast suddenly sat up when it saw Ye Xuan, and then it pulled the small demon beast behind it and stared fixedly at Ye Xuan while its eyes were filled with vigilance. "Human!"
Ye Xuan nodded.
The demon beast spoke in a low voice, "Human, what are you doing!?"
Ye Xuan smiled, and then he opened his palm. A few dozen strands of violet energy floated towards the demon beast. The demon beast instantly trembled when it saw the violet energy, "This …"
Ye Xuan pressed down lightly with his right hand, and the violet energy was instantly absorbed by the demon beast.
Bang!
As soon as the violet energy entered its body, the demon beast instantly emanated a strand of pure spiritual energy, and then the injuries throughout its body started to heal at an extremely swift pace.
Ye Xuan nodded slightly when he saw this, and then he turned around and left.
Meanwhile, the demon beast suddenly spoke in a trembling voice, "Wait …"
Ye Xuan turned around to look at the demon beast, and the demon beast glanced at Ye Xuan. "Thank you!"
Ye Xuan nodded and left the cave. Meanwhile, the small demon beast chased after him, and it gazed at Ye Xuan as it spoke softly, "Thank you …"
Ye Xuan smiled, "You're welcome!"
As if he'd thought of something, he suddenly opened his palm, and then a few dozen strands of violet energy floated out from his palm and entered the small demon beast's head.
As soon as the violet energy entered its body, the small demon beast's body instantly trembled because the violet energy was changing its bones and meridians!
It could be said that the small demon beast's future achievements were limitless!
Because the violet energy within Xiao Ta's body had been left behind by the Spirit Ancestor!
A short while later, a strand of aura suddenly emanated from within the small demon beast.
It had broken through directly!
After it broke through, the small demon beast immediately knelt before Ye Xuan and spoke in a trembling voice, "Thank you!"
Ye Xuan smiled, "Take care!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he turned around and left.
Meanwhile, the small demon beast suddenly said, "Wait a moment!"
Ye Xuan gazed at the small demon beast, and it hesitated for a moment before it said, "I saw many demon beasts looking for you, but you killed them all!
Why didn't you kill me and even gave me so much violet energy? "
Ye Xuan smiled, "Because they came looking for me with the intention of seizing it, but you're different. You came to beg me!
Do you understand? "
The small demon beast blinked, "I …. I don't really understand!"
Ye Xuan roared with laughter, "You'll understand in the future!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he swiftly vanished into the distance.
The small demon beast gazed at Ye Xuan's figure from afar, and it seemed to be lost in thought.
...
Ye Xuan had arrived at a valley in the distance. Mountains towered into the clouds on both sides of the valley, and they were extremely precipitous.
Ye Xuan walked slowly. He walked very slowly.
Thinking!
He'd been constantly thinking about his shortcomings throughout this period of time.
Actually, so long as one dared to face one's heart, then one would notice that one actually had numerous shortcomings, and once one was able to notice them, one would be able to change them.
Humans had to constantly work hard to change themselves.
Ye Xuan withdrew his thoughts and looked around. He could sense that there were many obscure auras in the surroundings, and these auras had been spying on him for a long time.
After a moment of silence, Ye Xuan looked into the distance. This was supposed to be a simple trial, but it was different now.
But it didn't matter!
To him, he had to continue on his path. If gods stood in his way, he'd destroy gods and demons!
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly stopped in his tracks. A hundred zhang in front of him stood a demon beast. The demon beast had a strange shape, with the body of a bull and the head of a tiger. It had three legs and a huge body.
The demon beast looked at Ye Xuan, "Human, leave the violet energy behind, and I'll spare your dog life. If you dare to say no …"
The demon beast's voice suddenly stopped, and Ye Xuan had already appeared behind the demon beast.
Sword sheathed!
Ye Xuan continued walking into the distance, and behind him, the demon beast suddenly split into two!
Fresh blood splattered all over the ground, and it was extremely bloody.
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly stopped in his tracks. He lifted his head and saw that the sky had suddenly split open. In the next moment, a powerful coercion swept over from the sky. The coercion felt like the sky and earth were collapsing, and under this coercion, Ye Xuan was like a lone boat in the middle of the ocean, appearing extremely frail.
Below, Ye Xuan looked at the sky and took a step forward. His eyes flashed with a hint of hostility, "You're begging for death!"
Boom!
A powerful sword intent suddenly soared into the sky, and the entire sky was directly torn apart by this sword intent. The entire Great Desolate Mountains was shocked!
At the same time, a powerful sword intent swept out from within Ye Xuan's body. This sword intent was like a tidal wave that shook the surrounding space!
At the end of the Great Desolate Mountains, a Swordsman suddenly turned his head and looked in the direction of Ye Xuan. He was slightly stunned at first, then he smiled and said, "You're begging for death … I like it …"
...








Chapter 1520
Seeking death!
Seeking death was a state of mind, a form of resistance, and more importantly, a form of momentum!
When he first entered the Great Wilderness, he did not kill all the Demonic Beasts in front of him. He basically showed mercy.
He, Ye Xuan, did not bully humans, nor did he bully demons. However, who dared to bully him!
No way!
Inside Ye Xuan's body, endless sword intent soared into the sky. These sword intents eventually converged into a torrent, and the powerful pressure in the sky was directly blocked by this sword intent!
In fact, this was no longer sword intent, but sword momentum!
Seeking death with a single thought, turning intent into momentum!
Ye Xuan did not expect that the momentum he had been pursuing would be manifested in such a manner.
If a person had the thought of dying in their heart, their momentum would reach its peak.
A middle-aged man suddenly appeared in the sky. He wore a beast robe and had a burly figure. His eyes were scarlet blue, and his body exuded an extremely domineering pressure.
Demon Monarch Mount Mang!
Among the ten great Demon Monarchs, Demon Monarch Mount Mang was ranked fifth.
Demon Monarch Mount Mang looked down at Ye Xuan. He was somewhat shocked because Ye Xuan's sword momentum had actually blocked his momentum.
As a Demon Monarch who commanded millions of Demonic Beasts, he had a king's aura. In addition, his strength had reached the peak of the Eternal Realm. Therefore, his momentum was definitely not something ordinary people could resist.
However, the human in front of him had resisted it with just his sword momentum!
And this human was only at the Dao Attainment Realm!
At this moment, Ye Xuan, who was down below, suddenly pulled out his sword and slashed at the sky.
Attack first!
Ye Xuan's strike was not an Instant Kill Strike, nor was it the Sword-Drawing Technique. It was just a simple strike, but this strike's momentum was like a rainbow, as though it wanted to tear the sky apart.
In the sky, a trace of hostility flashed in Demon Monarch Mount Mang's eyes. "Human ant!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he took a step forward and threw a punch.
It was pure physical strength!
This punch caused the entire sky to distort!
At that moment, Ye Xuan's sword arrived.
Rumble!
In the sky, a beam of sword light suddenly shattered, and Ye Xuan retreated to the ground. As soon as he landed, the ground under his feet shattered into a huge abyss.
As for Demon Monarch Mount Mang, he retreated nearly a thousand feet!
There was an extremely deep sword mark on his right fist, and his white bone could be seen.
Mount Mang looked down at Ye Xuan with cold eyes. "Human, you have angered me!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he suddenly dove down from the sky. As soon as he dove down, the space below him directly shattered and transformed into an expanse of pitch black!
Below, Ye Xuan looked up at the swooping Demon Monarch Mang Mountain as he slowly closed his eyes.
Die!
A wisp of a savage smile appeared on the corners of Ye Xuan's mouth. In the next moment, he suddenly drew his sword and slashed.
Sword-Drawing Technique!
The sword slashed out, and the sword light tore through the sky!
Rumble!
The space where Ye Xuan was directly shattered and annihilated. At the same time, he was sent flying backward. However, the instant he flew out, he stomped his right foot. "Explode!"
In an instant, the space in front of him was suddenly enveloped by a dark domain. Right on the heels of that, countless sword beams suddenly exploded in the entire space.
Boom boom boom!
Boom! Demon Monarch Mount Mang was sent retreating by the explosive force of the sword beams. He retreated thousands of feet away!
After stopping, Demon Monarch Mount Mang's expression turned extremely ugly. This was because there were dozens of sword wounds all over his body. Although these sword wounds weren't fatal, they were a disgrace to him!
He had actually been injured by a human at the Dao Manifestation realm!
Demon Monarch Mount Mang looked up at the nearby Ye Xuan, and his expression turned extremely ferocious. "Damn human, you …"
At this point, his voice suddenly stopped because Ye Xuan had already charged at him.
To Ye Xuan, a fight was a fight. What was the point of spouting nonsense?
He hated spouting nonsense before a fight. It was already a life-and-death battle, so what was the point of spouting nonsense?
Ye Xuan was extremely fast. In the blink of an eye, he appeared in front of Demon Monarch Mount Mang and slashed down.
Sword-Drawing Technique!
This strike was still as imposing as before!
Demon Monarch Mount Mang raised his hand and punched out!
Boom!
A sword beam shattered as Ye Xuan was sent flying thousands of feet away. However, the next moment, the sword in his hand vanished.
Instant Kill Strike!
In the distance, Demon Monarch Mount Mang raised his right arm to block as a beam of light flashed on it.
Boom!
Demon Monarch Mount Mang retreated hundreds of feet instantly. Before he could stop, Ye Xuan slashed again.
The corners of Demon Monarch Mount Mang's mouth suffused a sinister smile. He clenched his right hand and punched.
Simple and violent!
Boom!
Ye Xuan was sent flying again, but he charged at Demon Monarch Mount Mang the next moment.
This sword was even faster and stronger than before!
Demon Monarch Mount Mang suddenly took a step back. He raised his head and widened his eyes. Veins protruded from his forehead as he half-squatted and clenched his fists tightly. A powerful force condensed in his dantian and rapidly gathered on his arms. In the next moment, he crossed his arms and held them horizontally. "Heaven-Destroying Sinking Boat!"
Boom!
On Demon Monarch Mount Mang's arms, a powerful force erupted like a volcano that had been accumulating for tens of thousands of years. The space in front of him was instantly annihilated, and the powerful force sent Ye Xuan flying hundreds of thousands of feet away. However, at the instant Ye Xuan was sent flying, countless dark energy swords suddenly appeared in front of Demon Monarch Mount Mang!
There were hundreds of thousands of them!
In the distance, Ye Xuan roared angrily, "Explode!"
Boom!
The area where Demon Monarch Mount Mang was was drowned by the sword beams.
Boom! Boom!
Space constantly shattered and spread in all directions. This continued for nearly 15 minutes before the world slowly calmed down. At that moment, Ye Xuan was already hundreds of thousands of feet away from Demon Monarch Mount Mang!
Ye Xuan stood with his sword in hand. Blood constantly gushed out from the corner of his mouth. His face, in particular, was devoid of any color.
That exploding sword had consumed too much of his energy.
In the distance, Demon Monarch Mount Mang's situation wasn't much better than Ye Xuan's. His body was covered in sword wounds, and some parts were so mangled that his bones could be seen.
His body was very strong, but it couldn't withstand such an explosion!
Fortunately, although he was injured, it wasn't fatal!
Demon Monarch Mount Mang looked up at the nearby Ye Xuan. He suddenly stretched out his right hand and clenched it tightly. "Condensing Mountain Seal!"
Boom!
Hundreds of thousands of feet away, a mountain suddenly collapsed. In the next moment, the mountain condensed into a ten-thousand-foot-long palm seal. And at that moment, the distant Ye Xuan suddenly vanished from his spot!
He naturally wouldn't wait for Demon Monarch Mount Mang to unleash his ultimate move!
His advantage was speed. He had to expand this advantage!
Upon seeing Ye Xuan suddenly attack, Demon Monarch Mount Mang's expression changed. He had no choice but to give up on casting the Condensing Mountain Seal because it was too late!
In the midst of his thoughts, Ye Xuan's sword beam had already slashed out!
Demon Monarch Mount Mang retracted his right hand and punched out. This punch caused the space in front of him to turn into a groove.
Boom!
Ye Xuan's sword was blocked by a powerful force. And at that moment, Demon Monarch Mount Mang suddenly punched out with his left hand. This punch went straight for Ye Xuan's face.
Upon seeing this scene, Ye Xuan's pupils constricted. He didn't dare take Demon Monarch Mount Mang's punch head-on. He immediately blocked with his sword.
Boom!
With a single punch, Ye Xuan was sent flying ten thousand feet away. Just as Demon Monarch Mount Mang was about to take advantage of the situation to give chase, his pupils suddenly constricted as he closed his eyes.
Boom!
A sword beam stabbed into his right eyelid. Demon Monarch Mount Mang retreated more than a hundred feet. When he opened his eyes, the sword had returned to Ye Xuan's hand!
Demon Monarch Mount Mang didn't dare be careless against Ye Xuan's fast sword. It should be said that he was somewhat afraid of Ye Xuan's fast sword!
If Ye Xuan's sword was stronger and could break through his defense, he wouldn't dare fight Ye Xuan. However, he realized that Ye Xuan's sword was becoming stronger.
The human in front of him was constantly becoming stronger!
With this in mind, Demon Monarch Mount Mang suddenly turned his head. "Have you seen enough?"
The moment he said that, laughter suddenly came from afar. "Demon Monarch Mount Mang, it looks like you can't take him down!"
As the voice faded, a man suddenly appeared behind Demon Monarch Mount Mang. The man wore a loose black robe, and his hands were hidden in his wide sleeves.
Demon Monarch Gu Yue!
He was also one of the ten great demon monarchs. He was ranked fourth, just ahead of Demon Monarch Mount Mang!
Demon Monarch Mount Mang glanced at Demon Monarch Gu Yue. "Let's join forces!"
Demon Monarch Gu Yue smiled. "Demon Monarch Mount Mang, this human isn't simple!"
Demon Monarch Mount Mang was expressionless. "How is he not simple?"
Demon Monarch Gu Yue looked at the distant Ye Xuan and said with a smile, "Such a young Swordsman has such terrifying combat strength. Tell me, do you think he's an ordinary person?"
Just as Demon Monarch Mount Mang was about to speak, Ye Xuan suddenly said, "You don't know me?"
Demon Monarch Gu Yue looked at Ye Xuan and said with a smile, "Of course I do. Your name is Ye Xuan, right?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "I'm a little curious. How do you know me?"
Demon Monarch Gu Yue smiled. "A mysterious person told us that you have a treasure on you. It's that mysterious purple gas. This purple gas can change a demon beast's bloodline, allowing them to break through their bloodline shackles!
That mysterious person was right, right? "
Ye Xuan wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth and said, "Who is that mysterious person?"
Demon Monarch Gu Yue shook his head. "I don't know!"
Ye Xuan frowned slightly. "You don't know?"
Demon Monarch Gu Yue smiled. "Why? You don't know yourself?"
There was a trace of doubt in Ye Xuan's eyes. Mysterious person?
Is it the Door of Calamity?
Demon Monarch Gu Yue suddenly said, "Human, give us the purple gas, and we will let you pass. What do you think?"
Ye Xuan looked at Demon Monarch Gu Yue. "I don't think so!"
With that said, he pointed his sword at Demon Monarch Gu Yue. "Both of you, come at me together!"
He knew that he couldn't escape now!
Since he couldn't escape, he had to fight!
It didn't matter whether he could win or not. What was important was that he couldn't lose!
In fact, he was panicking!
Demon Monarch Gu Yue stared at Ye Xuan. After a moment, he suddenly laughed. "You're relying on that Swordsman who came with you, right?
I can tell you that he can't save you because he can't even protect himself! "
Ye Xuan blinked. Suddenly, he didn't feel so panicked anymore.
.....








Chapter 1521
Swordsman!
Ye Xuan's expression was a little strange. He did not expect these demon kings to look for Swordsman!
Ye Xuan hesitated and said, "I really don't understand. Isn't your target me?
Why are you looking for Swordsman? "
Demon King Gu Yue laughed, "He came with you, didn't he?"
Ye Xuan blinked, "Are you afraid he will help me?"
Demon King Gu Yue nodded, "Yes!
So, just in case, we have to get rid of him first! "
Get rid of Swordsman?
Ye Xuan's expression became more and more strange.
Demon King Gu Yue looked at Ye Xuan, "What's with your expression?"
Ye Xuan thought for a moment, then said, "Can I tell the truth?"
Demon King Gu Yue laughed, "Of course!"
Ye Xuan grinned and gave a thumbs up, "Well done!"
Looking for Swordsman?
Ye Xuan had to admit that he was so happy that his stomach hurt.
In this world, not only people liked to think that they were infallible, but so did demons!
Demon King Gu Yue looked at Ye Xuan and felt a sense of unease. He turned to look, could it be that Swordsman was very strong?
Inside Ye Xuan's World Prison Pagoda, the Door of Disaster suddenly trembled. Blood lightning flashed around the door as if it was angry.
...
At the end of the Great Desolate Mountain Range.
Swordsman stood in the starry sky, looking into the depths of the starry sky. No one knew what he was thinking.
In fact, the reason why he brought Ye Xuan around and gave Ye Xuan pointers was because of the azure-robed man.
As the son of an old friend, he naturally had to help.
But after interacting with him, he found that Ye Xuan was very much to his liking.
Moreover, he suddenly felt a sense of accomplishment from giving pointers to a little guy and watching him grow bit by bit!
At this moment, a man suddenly appeared not far from Swordsman.
The man was dressed in a grey robe, his long hair draped over his shoulders. His hands were behind his back, and there was a domineering air about him.
Demon King Helian!
Ranked second among the Ten Great Daemon Kings!
Demon King Helian looked at the Great Desolate Mountain Range in the distance and laughed, "I have seen several powerful Swordsman among the humans, but I have never seen you!"
Swordsman retracted his gaze and looked towards the depths of the Great Desolate Mountain Range. "Is something the matter?"
Demon King Helian looked at Swordsman and said with a smile, "Shall we have a spar?"
Swordsman glanced at Monster King Helian and shook his head. "You're not worthy!"
The expression on Demon King Helian's face froze. The next moment, he suddenly laughed out loud. "This is the funniest joke I've ever heard in my life!"
He knew that this Swordsman in front of him was not an ordinary person, because he could not sense Swordsman's aura.
However, Swordsman's words were a little too arrogant.
He wasn't worthy?
This was the first time Demon King Helian was looked down upon like this!
Demon King Helian turned to face Swordsman and said with a smile, "Human Swordsman, come, I'll let you slash me three times!"
His words were filled with invincible confidence.
Swordsman blinked and turned to look at Demon King Helian. "Three slashes?"
Demon King Helian nodded. "Three slashes!
If you think it's not enough, five slashes is fine too! "
Swordsman shook his head. "I don't mean to insult you, but you really aren't worthy of my slash!
I hope you have some self-awareness and don't make things difficult for me! "
Demon King Helian stared at Swordsman and clenched his fists. His expression gradually turned ferocious. "I beg you, use your sword!"
Swordsman slashed!
It was a very ordinary slash!
The moment Swordsman slashed, Demon King Helian's pupils shrank. He half-squatted and crossed his arms in front of him to block. His body was like a rock, impregnable!
The reason why he was so confident was because his body wasn't at the Divine Realm, but the Eternal Realm!
In the entire Great Desolate Mountain Range, his body could at least be ranked in the top three.
However — —
Qingcheng, Ye Family, Ancestral Hall.
"Ancestors above, Ye Xuan has no talent and no virtue … From this moment on, Ye Xuan's position as Prince will be replaced by Ye Lang."
The one who spoke was an old man in a black robe.
Not far behind the old man stood a youth. The youth had a faint smile on his face.
This person was Ye Lang.
On both sides were the Ye Mansion's Elders.
"Why!"
At this moment, a timid voice suddenly sounded in the Ancestral Hall.
Everyone looked at the voice and saw a little girl standing at the door. The little girl was about 12 or 13 years old. Her two small hands were tightly holding the hem of her skirt. Her face was sickly pale and looked a little weak. There was even a trace of timidity in her eyes.
This little girl was called Ye Ling. She was Ye Xuan's younger sister. When she heard that the Family wanted to remove Ye Xuan, she rushed over despite her illness.
The black-robed old man frowned, "Ye Ling, what are you doing!"
The little girl called Ye Ling bowed to the people in the Ancestral Hall and said timidly, "Great Elder, my brother Ye Xuan is a Prince. Why did you cripple him for no reason?"
The Great Elder coldly looked at Ye Ling, "This is a Family matter. Why are you interrupting?
Leave! "
Ye Ling was obviously afraid and did not dare to look at the Great Elder. However, she did not leave. Instead, she mustered up her courage and walked into the Ancestral Hall. She once again bowed to the Elders on both sides, "Dear Elders, my brother is fighting with the Li Family over the mining rights at Nanshan. He is fighting for the Family, and his life is uncertain. But the Family is using a groundless excuse to strip him of his position. This is really unfair."
"Impudent!"
The Great Elder suddenly raged, "Whether or not he is crippled is not up to a little girl like you to decide.
Men, drag her away for me. "
At this time, the new Prince Ye Lang suddenly laughed, "You should be flogged 30 times as a warning!"
The Great Elder coldly replied, "Then flog 30 times!"
Very quickly, two Ye Mansion's guards rushed in.
Ye Ling clenched her fists and said angrily, "This is unfair. My brother has risked his life for the Family for so many years. Even now, he is fighting for the Family. The Family is unfair to him …"
One of the guards glanced at the new Prince Ye Lang. He knew that his chance to shine had come.
The guard sneered, "Young Master Ye Lang inherits the Prince's position. What are you yelling about?" As he spoke, he raised his hand and slapped Ye Ling's face.
Slap!
A crisp slap sounded. The right side of Ye Ling's face instantly turned red and swollen. However, she did not cry. She only held her cheek tightly.
Ye Lang looked at the guard and smiled, "What's your name?"
The guard hurriedly bowed, "Subordinate Zhang Mu greets the Prince."
Ye Lang nodded, "You're not bad. After I become the Prince, I will need ten guards. You can be my guard from now on."
Hearing this, Zhang Mu was overjoyed. He hurriedly bowed deeply, "Subordinate will go through fire and water for the Prince. I will do anything for you!"
Ye Lang nodded slightly, "Drag him away. This person is disturbing the ancestral hall. Don't hold back. Understood?"
Zhang Mu glanced at Ye Lang. When he saw the murderous intent in Ye Lang's eyes, he understood.
He immediately grabbed Ye Ling's hair and dragged her out.
At this moment, Zhang Mu seemed to see something and suddenly stopped.
In the ancestral hall, everyone turned their heads to look outside.
Not far from the ancestral hall, a young man was walking towards the ancestral hall. The young man was wearing a tight-fitting robe. The robe was tattered and covered in blood.
The young man was Ye Xuan, who had rushed back from Nanshan!
Seeing Ye Xuan, Ye Lang's mouth curled into a cold smile.
In the ancestral hall, the Elders frowned.
The Great Elder narrowed his eyes. His face was dark and gloomy. No one knew what he was thinking.
From afar, when Ye Xuan saw Zhang Mu dragging Ye Ling, his face turned savage. "Who gave you the guts to touch my sister?"
When Zhang Mu saw Ye Xuan, his face changed. He hurriedly looked at Ye Lang and was about to speak. At this moment, Ye Xuan leaped in front of him like a ferocious tiger. Before the latter could react, Ye Xuan's fist landed on his face.
Peng!
Zhang Mu felt dizzy, and he stumbled and fell.
Ye Lang did not stop there. He rushed towards Zhang Mu again. At this time, Ye Lang suddenly roared, "Ye Xuan, he's my man. How dare you …"
Ye Xuan suddenly stepped on Zhang Mu's chest.
Pu!
Zhang Mu spat out a mouthful of blood.
Seeing this, Ye Lang's face turned ugly. Ye Xuan lifted his head to look at him, asking savagely, "Your man?"
As he spoke, he stomped on Zhang Mu's face.
Zhang Mu's face turned into a bloody mess, as he screamed, "Prince, save, save me …"
Ye Xuan did not care about Zhang Mu, as he walked to Ye Ling's side. Seeing Ye Ling's state, Ye Xuan felt as though his heart was being sliced apart. He clenched his fists, and his entire body trembled.
When Ye Ling saw Ye Xuan, her tears flowed, "Brother, it hurts, it hurts …"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan's expression turned savage. In the next instant, he charged in front of Zhang Mu and kicked Zhang Mu's head.
Peng!
Qingcheng, Ye Clan, Ancestral Hall.
"Ancestors, Ye Xuan has no talent, no virtue … From now on, Ye Xuan's position as Prince shall be replaced by Ye Lang."
The one who spoke was an old man in black robes.
Not far behind the old man, there was a youth with a faint smile on his face.
This person was Ye Lang.
On both sides, there were the Elders of the Ye Clan.
"Why!?"
Right at this moment, a slightly timid voice suddenly resounded within the ancestral hall.
Everyone turned to look and saw a little girl standing at the door. She was about 12 or 13 years old, and her hands were tightly gripping the hem of her skirt. Her face had a sickly pallor, and she looked a little weak. There was even a trace of fear in her eyes.
This girl was called Ye Ling, and she was Ye Xuan's younger sister. When she heard that Ye Xuan was to be replaced, she disregarded her illness and rushed over.
The black-robed old man frowned, "Ye Ling, what are you doing!?"
The little girl called Ye Ling bowed to everyone in the hall, as she asked timidly, "Great Elder, my brother, Ye Xuan, is the Prince. Why did you cripple him for no reason?"
The Great Elder looked at Ye Ling coldly, "This is a matter of the clan, what are you interrupting for?
Leave! "
Ye Ling was obviously afraid, not daring to look at the Great Elder, but she did not leave. Instead, she plucked up her courage and walked into the hall. Once again, she bowed to the Elders, "Dear Elders, my brother is fighting with the Li Clan over the mining rights at Nanshan. He is fighting for the clan, and it is unknown whether he is dead or alive. Yet, the clan is using a groundless excuse to strip him of his position. This is really unfair."
"Impudent!"
The Great Elder suddenly raged, "Whether or not he is crippled, it is not up to a little girl like you to decide.
Men, drag her away! "
At this time, the new Prince, Ye Lang, suddenly laughed, "You should be flogged 30 times as a warning to others!"
The Great Elder replied coldly, "Then flog him 30 times!"
Very quickly, two Ye Clan guards rushed in.
Ye Ling clenched her fists, and said angrily, "This is unfair! My brother has risked his life for the clan for so many years, and even now, he is fighting for the clan. The clan is unfair to him …"
One of the guards glanced at the new Prince, Ye Lang. He knew that this was his chance to shine.
The guard sneered, "Young Master Ye Lang inherits the position of Prince. What are you yelling about?" As he spoke, he raised his hand and slapped Ye Ling's face.
Slap!
A crisp slap sounded, and the right side of Ye Ling's face instantly swelled up. However, she did not cry, and only held her cheek tightly.
Ye Lang looked at the guard and smiled, "What's your name?"
The guard hurriedly bowed, "This subordinate, Zhang Mu, greets the Prince."
Ye Lang nodded, "You are very good. After I become the Prince, I will need ten guards. From now on, you will be my guard."
Hearing this, Zhang Mu was overjoyed, and hurriedly bowed deeply, "This subordinate is willing to go through fire and water for the Prince, even if it means death!"
Ye Lang nodded slightly, "Drag him away. This person is disturbing the ancestral hall, do not show mercy, understand?"
Zhang Mu glanced at Ye Lang, and when he saw the murderous intent in Ye Lang's eyes, he understood.
He immediately grabbed Ye Ling's hair and dragged her out.
At this moment, Zhang Mu did not know what he saw, but he suddenly stopped.
In the ancestral hall, everyone turned their heads to look outside.
Not far from the ancestral hall, a young man was walking towards the ancestral hall. The young man was wearing a tight-fitting robe, and the robe was tattered, and there was blood everywhere.
The young man was Ye Xuan, who had rushed back from Nanshan!
Seeing Ye Xuan, Ye Lang's mouth curled into a cold smile.
In the ancestral hall, the Elders frowned.
The Great Elder narrowed his eyes, and his expression was frighteningly gloomy. No one knew what he was thinking.
From afar, when Ye Xuan saw Zhang Mu dragging Ye Ling, his expression turned savage, "Who gave you the guts to touch my sister?"
When Zhang Mu saw Ye Xuan, his expression changed. He quickly looked at Ye Lang, and was about to speak, when Ye Xuan suddenly leaped in front of him like a ferocious tiger. Before the latter could react, Ye Xuan's fist landed on his face.
Peng!
Zhang Mu's head spun, and he stumbled and fell.
Ye Lang did not stop there, and he rushed towards Zhang Mu again. At this time, Ye Lang suddenly roared, "Ye Xuan, he's my man, how dare you …"
Ye Xuan suddenly stepped on Zhang Mu's chest.
Pu!
Zhang Mu spat out a mouthful of blood.
Seeing this, Ye Lang's expression turned ugly, while Ye Xuan lifted his head to look at him, asking savagely, "Your man?"
As he spoke, he stomped on Zhang Mu's face.
Zhang Mu's face turned into a bloody mess, as he screamed, "Prince, save, save me …"
Ye Xuan did not care about Zhang Mu, as he walked to Ye Ling's side. Seeing Ye Ling's appearance, Ye Xuan felt as though his heart was being sliced apart. He clenched his fists, and his entire body trembled.
When Ye Ling saw Ye Xuan, tears welled up in her eyes, "Brother, it hurts, it hurts …"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan's expression turned savage. In the next instant, he charged in front of Zhang Mu and kicked Zhang Mu's head.
Peng!








Chapter 1522
Old!
Mang Shan was silent. He knew that Gu Yue was afraid of that Swordsman!
In fact, he was afraid of that Swordsman as well!
If Demon King Helian really died in the hands of Swordsman, then Swordsman's strength was not something he and Gu Yue could contend against.
However, this human was too arrogant!
He was furious!
Gu Yue suddenly said, "Mang Shan, think about it. Why did that mysterious person tell us that Ye Xuan has a purple aura?
It's simple. He wants us to kill Ye Xuan.
In other words, the other party wants us to fight with Ye Xuan until both of us are injured, and then reap the benefits! "
Mang Shan said solemnly, "This matter is not simple!"
Gu Yue nodded, "That purple aura is good, but we cannot let others use it!"
Mang Shan said, "Then what do you think we should do?"
Demon King Gu Yue smiled, "It's simple. Wait for the right opportunity!"
Mang Shan was silent for a moment, then nodded, "I'll listen to you!"
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Are you guys still fighting?"
Gu Yue looked at Ye Xuan and smiled, "Little brother, your strength is amazing. We are not your match. We admit defeat!"
Ye Xuan, "…"
Gu Yue continued, "Little brother, if you want to train yourself, you can go to Burial Mountain!"
Ye Xuan frowned, "Burial Mountain?"
Gu Yue nodded, "That place is very suitable for little brother."
Ye Xuan asked, "What is that place?"
Gu Yue smiled, "Relatively speaking, it is a more dangerous place. It's suitable for little brother!"
Ye Xuan glanced at Gu Yue, "I think you are quite strong!
Are you really not going to join forces with Mang Shan?
I can't beat the two of you! "
Gu Yue quickly shook his head, "Little brother, you must be joking!"
Ye Xuan said seriously, "I really have no backing!"
Demon Monarch Gu Yue nodded, "I understand, I understand!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
By the side, Demon Monarch Mount Mang said indifferently, "If you want to train yourself, go to Burial Mountain. No humans have ever set foot in that place."
Ye Xuan looked at Mount Mang. "I killed your son previously!"
Mount Mang said indifferently, "I have more than ten thousand sons. Which one did you kill?"
Ye Xuan was dumbfounded.
Beside him, Demon King Gu Yue suddenly said, "Little brother, if you want to go to Burial Mountain, just walk straight ahead. You'll reach Burial Mountain in about four hours."
With that said, he vanished with Demon Monarch Mang Mountain.
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Damn it, these two fellows actually stopped fighting!
After a moment, Ye Xuan continued to move forward. His target was Burial Mountain.
He knew that Demon King Gu Yue was up to no good, but this was exactly what he wanted.
The main reason he came to the Great Desolate Mountain Range was to train himself!
Wherever there was danger, he would go!
Not long after Ye Xuan disappeared, Demon Monarch Gu Yue and Mount Mang appeared again. Mount Mang said solemnly, "This guy really went to Burial Mountain!"
Demon Monarch Gu Yue said softly, "Where did this guy come from …"
Mount Mang shook his head. "I don't know!"
Demon Monarch Gu Yue turned his head and looked. "I just tried to contact Demon Monarch Helian, but there was no news at all!
It seems that he really died in the hands of that Swordsman. "
Hearing this, Mount Mang's face turned solemn.
Demon Monarch Gu Yue said softly, "That mysterious person …"
At this point, he seemed to have thought of something and did not continue.
Mount Mang said solemnly, "That Swordsman is the real scary one!"
Swordsman!
Demon Monarch Gu Yue turned his head and looked at the horizon.
Then, he said softly, "Let's just wait and see!"
...
On the other side, Ye Xuan slowly walked into the distance.
He was deep in thought!
He realized that his greatest weakness was that he did not have enough strength in his sword.
Although his current sword could break through the defenses of a Deity realm body, it was not fatal.
Against an expert like Mount Mang, his chances of winning were not particularly high. At most, he had a 40% chance because he could not afford to make a mistake. If he made a mistake, he would die!
He no longer had a powerful body. If he was punched, his body would be directly shattered!
Therefore, he had to be extremely careful when fighting Mount Mang because Mount Mang could take a hundred of his sword strikes, but he could not take a punch from Mount Mang!
He had to admit that he really missed his Deity realm body.
If he still had his Deity realm body, he could beat Mount Mang like a son!
No!
As though he thought of something, Ye Xuan suddenly stopped.
If he still had his Deity realm body, would his Sword Dao still be so strong?
The answer was definitely no!
Because with his body, he would be overly reliant on his body, and his Sword Dao would not grow so quickly.
With this in mind, Ye Xuan could not help but shake his head and smile as he continued forward.
He would continue cultivating his body, but the premise was that his Sword Dao had to be improved first.
His Sword Dao was already on the right track because even without a powerful body, Ye Xuan was confident that he could face any enemy.
Burial Mountain!
Ye Xuan looked up into the distance as he sped up.
He wanted to fight now!
A frenzied battle!
Ye Xuan did not notice that the Door of Calamity in his Prison Pagoda suddenly trembled but quickly returned to normal.
...
Somewhere in the cosmos, Mu Niannian and company were still constantly traversing the cosmos. However, they had completely lost track of the Door of Calamity.
And now, they were far away from the Fifth Dimension. As for where they were, the three women did not know.
The mysterious woman in the lead stopped. She looked into the depths of the cosmos, her face somewhat pale.
Fear!
She had never felt such fear in all this time!
She had seen the terror of the Door of Calamity. Not to mention Ye Xuan, even the three of them might not be able to stop the Door of Calamity!
Was Ye Xuan really still alive?
She did not dare to think too deeply about this question!
Beside her, Tu's expression was extremely unsightly. In fact, she was also afraid, and she was becoming more and more afraid.
The Door of Calamity was too powerful!
With Ye Xuan's current strength, he could not stop the Door of Calamity at all!
At this moment, Mu Niannian suddenly said, "He is still alive!"
Tu and the mysterious woman looked at Mu Niannian. Mu Niannian smiled and said, "If he is dead!
Do you think we can still be alive? "
Hearing this, Tu and the mysterious woman immediately came to a realization!
If Ye Xuan was dead.
Would the plain-dressed woman not return?
They could not sense Ye Xuan, but the plain-dressed woman could!
If Ye Xuan was really dead!
The plain-dressed woman would have definitely returned!
Since she hadn't returned yet, there was only a single explanation, and it was that Ye Xuan was still alive!
The mysterious woman and Tu's expressions instantly eased up when they thought up to this point!
Meanwhile, Mu Niannian said, "However, we still have to find him as soon as possible. The Misfortune Seed has already made its move, and his situation will only worsen. So, we must find him as soon as possible, otherwise …"
She did not continue when she spoke up to this point.
The Misfortune Seed!
The 3 women's faces sank again.
The Misfortune Seed had drawn away the Mandate of Heaven.
It could be said that it was best to kill Ye Xuan now.
The mysterious woman gazed at Mu Niannian, "How should we find him now?"
Her mind was filled with thoughts of Ye Xuan, and she was unable to think normally.
Mu Niannian fell silent for a moment before she said, "Continue forward and think of a way to contact him. The reason we can't contact him now is probably because we are quite far away from him. We should be able to contact him if we are closer!"
The mysterious woman nodded, "Right!
Let's go! "
After saying that, she disappeared into the distance.
Tu glanced at the mysterious woman with a cold expression, "I really want to kill her!"
Mu Niannian shook her head, "Our top priority now is to find him and fight against the Misfortune Seed!"
The Misfortune Seed!
Tu's expression gradually turned solemn.
Mu Niannian said softly, "Let's go!"
After saying that, she turned into a sword light and disappeared into the depths of the starry sky.
Tu remained silent for a moment before disappearing into the depths of the starry sky.
...
The Great Desolate Mountain Range.
Ye Xuan walked between the mountain range. Along the way, it was strangely peaceful, and he did not see a single demonic beast.
The closer he got to the Burial Mountain, the calmer it became. At first, there were sounds of insects and birds chirping, but as he got closer to the Burial Mountain, those sounds disappeared.
Ye Xuan knew that the so-called Burial Mountain was definitely not an ordinary place.
Of course, the more dangerous it was, the more excited he was.
Right now, he was eager to fight!
Soon, Ye Xuan quickened his pace, and he got closer and closer to the Burial Mountain.
However, he did not realize that there was a pair of eyes watching him from behind …
....
On the other side of the Great Desolate Mountain Range, Swordsman stood quietly in the starry sky. Around him, there were some Disaster Karma Threads.
These were the Disaster Karma Threads that he had sown when he tried to save Ye Xuan!
Of course, he did not care at all.
These Disaster Karma Threads could not do anything to him.
At this moment, the Disaster Karma Threads around him suddenly dimmed. Gradually, they disappeared.
Seeing this, Swordsman's eyes flashed with astonishment.
It disappeared on its own?
Swordsman raised his head and looked into the depths of the Great Desolate Mountain Range. His gaze landed directly on the Disaster Gate in Ye Xuan's body, and he was slightly displeased, "I am extremely interested in Disaster Karma. Don't make it disappear for me!
Hurry up and bring it back! "
The Disaster Gate was speechless.
Seeing that there was no movement, Swordsman frowned slightly, and an invisible sword intent directly locked onto the Disaster Gate. The Disaster Gate suddenly trembled violently, and it hurriedly hid in a corner, shivering. At the same time, Disaster Karma Threads appeared around Swordsman's body, but there were not many, only a few.
Swordsman was still slightly displeased, "It's too little, give me more!"
The Disaster Gate hurriedly trembled, and then, more than ten Disaster Karma Threads appeared around Swordsman's body …
Seeing this, Swordsman's brows relaxed, and he also retracted his sword intent.
Meanwhile, inside Ye Xuan's body, the Disaster Gate was still shivering in a corner …
It was a little sullen.
When had it ever suffered this kind of grievance?
This was too much of a bully!
.....
PS: Previously, a reader said that when I burst out, I would only add two more chapters!
I don't accept this!
I want to slap his face!
Today, there are eight chapters!
The one who said that I would only add two more chapters, come out, give me all your monthly tickets, and I will forgive you!!!
Also, if everyone likes the Invincible Sword Domain manga, you can go to the Man Inn website and search: Invincible Sword Domain.
Invincible Sword Domain manga!!!!
Brother Yang has been drawn!!!








Chapter 1523
After an unknown period of time, Ye Xuan finally stopped. There was a huge mountain over 3km away from him. The mountain towered into the clouds, and it emanated a ghastly aura.
Ye Xuan knew that this was probably Burial Mountain.
Ye Xuan glanced at the surroundings, and it was deathly silent. It was slightly unusual.
Burial Mountain!
Exactly what sort of place is this?
Ye Xuan pondered for a moment before he walked towards Burial Mountain. The weeds before him were over 10m tall, and there were no signs of anyone stepping on it. Obviously, no human or demon beast had come here.
Ye Xuan grew even more cautious!
Even though he yearned for battle, he didn't dare underestimate Chen Xi in the slightest.
In next to no time, Ye Xuan arrived halfway up the mountain. It was very peaceful all along the way, and he didn't even see a bird.
Ye Xuan raised his head to look at the peak of Burial Mountain. He pondered for a moment before he continued forward. His expression gradually became solemn because he saw some dried up corpses in the surroundings. Most of them belonged to demon beasts, but there were humans as well!
Ye Xuan raised his head to glance at the peak of Burial Mountain. Without a doubt, there was definitely an extraordinary expert at the peak of Burial Mountain!
When he thought up to here, Ye Xuan sped up!
Soon, Ye Xuan arrived at the top of the mountain. When he arrived at the top of the mountain, his face instantly turned serious!
There was an enormous blood red circle 300m away from him, and a woman sat cross-legged at the center of the blood red circle. Her hair was disheveled, and her limbs were bound tightly by 4 blood red chains. Moreover, there was a blood red sword floating above her, and there was a large blood red word on the tip of the sword — Sin!
Ye Xuan frowned slightly. What the hell is that?
Right at this moment, the woman suddenly raised her head to look at Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan was shocked when he saw her appearance. Her appearance was absolutely drop dead gorgeous, and it was rare in the world. Of course, besides her eyes!
Her eyes were empty, without eyeballs. At first glance, it was somewhat horrifying.
Even though she had no eyeballs, Ye Xuan was able to sense that she was looking at him.
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment before he said, "Should we spar?
The kind that doesn't go overboard! "
The woman suddenly roared, "Scram!"
Boom!
A soundwave flashed through the surroundings. Everywhere it passed, space was obliterated inch by inch. In an instant, the space in an area of over 100km in front of the woman had been transformed into pitch black darkness!
In the distance, Ye Xuan's expression changed drastically. He quickly unsheathed his sword and slashed.
Sword-Drawing Technique and Sword Domain!
As the sword slashed down, a ray of sword light tore through everything. However, as soon as the sword descended, his entire body seemed to have suffered a heavy blow, and he was instantly blasted back. This time, he was blasted a few tens of thousands of meters away!
As soon as Ye Xuan came to a stop, he spat out several mouthfuls of blood essence. He seemed to have discovered something, and he suddenly turned his head to look. Behind him, the layers of space were cracking, and the cracks were rapidly spreading into the distance. In the blink of an eye, the space within a hundred thousand feet of him had turned into a spider web!
Ye Xuan blinked, and he was extremely astounded in his heart. This woman is so ferocious?
Meanwhile, Ye Xuan spat out a few more mouthfuls of blood essence in succession, and then he hurriedly sat down cross-legged and started recuperating.
If he hadn't utilized the Sword Domain to suppress that attack just now, then he might have been finished!
She's too formidable!
She's countless times stronger than that Demon King from before!
Those two Demon Kings really didn't have any good intentions!
Around two hours later, Ye Xuan felt that his injuries had more or less recovered. He took a deep breath and continued walking towards the peak of Burial Mountain.
There wasn't even a trace of fear in his eyes, and there was only excitement!
He didn't know when it started, but he felt like being bashed!
Because every single time he was bashed, he would notice that he was able to improve.
A person could only grow by ceaselessly forcing himself.
It wasn't long before Ye Xuan arrived at the peak of the mountain once more. Meanwhile, the woman raised her head to look at Ye Xuan again. Ye Xuan held his sword in his left hand while he stared fixedly at the woman, "I'm Ye Xuan, and I seek death!"
I seek death!
The woman suddenly clenched her right hand into a fist and smashed it forward. This punch caused the iron chains on her right hand to tremble violently, and then the space in the surroundings that had been repaired instantly exploded apart!
At the instant that the woman punched forward, Ye Xuan's pupils constricted abruptly, and then he charged forward swiftly and swiftly drew his sword.
Hiss!
Space was directly torn apart wherever his sword descended!
However, his expression instantly changed violently as soon as his sword descended. In the next moment, the sword light shattered while his figure was blasted flying. He flew for over 30km, and he'd just stopped when the space beneath his feet collapsed!
However, the sword in his hand suddenly flew forward at the instant that he was blasted flying.
Instant Death!
At the center of the blood red circle in the distance, the woman suddenly stretched out her palm, and a sword just happened to stab into her palm. However, she didn't move at all.
When he witnessed this scene, Ye Xuan who'd stopped in the distance had a slightly solemn expression in his eyes.
That woman had actually resisted his sword with such ease!
Right at this moment, the woman suddenly clamped her fingers together to clamp Ye Xuan's sword between them, and then she tossed it away.
Hiss!
A strand of sword light flashed like a thunderclap, and it slashed directly at Ye Xuan!
This attack was even swifter than Ye Xuan's Instant Death!
In the distance, Ye Xuan's expression was calm. He slowly closed his eyes. Gradually, the speed of the sword became slower and slower. When the sword arrived in front of him, the speed of the sword had already become extremely slow. He directly reached out and grabbed the sword!
He controlled the sword with his intent!
This sword was connected to his heart, and it could communicate with his intent!
Ye Xuan put his sword away and gazed at the woman in the distance. Blood was still flowing incessantly from the corners of his mouth.
He'd still fallen into a disadvantaged position in the collision from before.
The woman stretched out a finger, and then she crooked it at Ye Xuan. Her provocation was self-evident.
Ye Xuan wiped off the blood on the corners of his mouth, and then he walked towards the woman. When he arrived over 100m away from her, he suddenly vanished. In an instant, over a dozen rays of sword light appeared around the woman.
The woman slapped her palm down towards him.
Bang!
In an instant, those rays of sword light were blasted into pieces, and then a figure retreated explosively!
It was exactly Ye Xuan. As soon as Ye Xuan retreated, the woman suddenly clawed at space from afar. The space where Ye Xuan resided had suddenly warped, and then a powerful force enveloped Ye Xuan and was about to tear Ye Xuan into pieces!
Ye Xuan was shocked, and he hurriedly utilized his Sword Domain to suppress her. At the same time, he slashed with his sword.
Bang!
The space in front of him was blasted into pieces.
The woman frowned slightly when her attack failed, and she was just about to attack again. Meanwhile, a few tens of thousands of energy swords formed from dark energy suddenly appeared from within the shattered space in front of Ye Xuan. In the next moment, they transformed into rays of light that slashed towards the woman.
The woman suddenly spread open her right hand when she saw the energy swords slashing towards her, and then she lightly pressed forward. The space in front of her suddenly rippled like water.
Rumble! Rumble!
The energy swords exploded one after another in front of the woman, but the space in front of her was impregnable, and it wasn't damaged at all!
It didn't take long for Ye Xuan's energy swords to vanish completely, but the space in front of the woman was still completely undamaged!
It was an impregnable defense!
Ye Xuan's heart sank when he witnessed this scene. I've encountered an expert!
Ye Xuan didn't give it any further thought. He suddenly stomped his right foot against the ground, and then his figure transformed into a ray of light that slashed towards the woman. Meanwhile, the woman suddenly stretched out her right hand and spun it lightly.
Crack!
The space in front of her suddenly crisscrossed and split apart, and Ye Xuan's expression instantly changed. He hurriedly stopped moving, and then he drew his sword and slashed that expanse of space apart.
Rumble!
The space where Ye Xuan resided was instantly shattered into pieces while he retreated over 1km back. However, he'd just stopped before he charged forward once more, and the ray of his sword tore through everything!
The woman was facing Ye Xuan in the distance. When Ye Xuan arrived in front of her, she suddenly stretched out her hand and clamped down on Ye Xuan's sword. But in the next moment, a sword appeared in Ye Xuan's left hand, and then he slashed it down towards the woman's head.
Dual swords!
The woman's expression was calm as she directly clamped down on Ye Xuan's sword to block it.
Clang!
An expanse of sword light exploded apart while Ye Xuan was blasted back once more. However, a flying sword suddenly slashed down towards the woman's head while he was retreating!
Instant Death!
The woman suddenly moved around 1.5m back, and the sword slashed down in a straight line towards her. In the end, it stabbed into the blood red circle. But in the next moment, the blood red circle trembled violently, and then Ye Xuan's sword was blasted flying. It flew over 30km away!
The woman didn't attack again, and she just fell silent.
In the distance, Ye Xuan opened his palm, and the unparalleled sword flew into his hand. He frowned as he looked at the unparalleled sword in his hand, because the unparalleled sword had been shattered!
Ye Xuan gazed at the blood red circle in the distance, and he was slightly surprised. What's that?
Meanwhile, the woman suddenly said, "You want to seek death?"
Ye Xuan gazed at the woman and nodded, "Yes!"
The woman placed her hands on her knees, "Isn't that simple?
Help me escape and I'll kill you! "
Escape!
Ye Xuan sized her up and said, "You've been trapped?"
The woman's face remained emotionless, "You don't seem to be blind, right?"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The woman continued, "I'm trapped here, so I'm unable to utilize my full strength. If you want to seek death, then you can help me escape!"
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment and said, "I can't do that!"
The woman said, "You can!"
Ye Xuan blinked. "Why?"
The woman said: "You are a Swordsman!"
Ye Xuan was puzzled. "What do you mean?"
The woman pointed at the sword above her head. "Help me break the array beneath me, then help me take this sword away. I'll be able to escape!"
Ye Xuan glanced at the sword above the woman's head. It was a blood sword, as if it was forged from fresh blood!
Ye Xuan was silent.
The woman suddenly said, "How is it?"
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment before he said, "Actually, I don't really want to die!"
The woman: "…"
Ye Xuan continued, "I feel that your current strength is just right. You can suppress me, but you can't kill me … so …"
The woman suddenly roared, "Do you think I'm here to play with you?
Do you want me to sleep with you? "
Rumble!
In an instant, the entire Burial Mountain shook as if there was a great earthquake. It was incomparably shocking!
.....
!!








Chapter 1524
As the woman roared, the entire Burial Mountain trembled!
Ye Xuan was a little apprehensive. This woman's strength was not ordinary!
Why were all the women he met so strong?
More Yin than Yang?
Right at this moment, the woman in the distance suddenly stood up. Although she had no eyes, Ye Xuan could sense that she was staring fixedly at him!
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment before he said, "I'm here to spar!"
The woman said, "Didn't you want to die?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "But I don't really want to die!"
The woman said angrily, "Then why the f * ck do you want to die?"
Ye Xuan said seriously, "Seeking death is a kind of attitude!"
The woman sneered with a hint of mockery in her smile. "Attitude?
You want to train yourself, but you don't dare to push yourself to the limit!
If you can't reach your limit, how can you break through?
Didn't your elders tell you that it's easiest to improve yourself in a desperate situation? "
Ye Xuan was silent.
The woman continued, "My current strength is enough to suppress you!
But I can't force you to your limit!
What's the point of your advancement? "
Ye Xuan glanced at the woman. "If I let you out, I'm afraid you'll beat me to death!"
The woman was expressionless. "You want to die, but you fear death. You are deceiving yourself, understand?"
Ye Xuan didn't say anything. He felt that what this woman said made sense!
However, he also knew that if he really let this woman out, he might really be beaten to death!
Because he did not know how strong this woman was!
The woman suddenly asked again, "Afraid?"
Ye Xuan glanced at the woman. The woman coldly laughed, "Swordsman, a Swordsman should have no fear in his heart. Since you have fear in your heart, it proves that your Sword Dao is flawed."
Ye Xuan looked at the woman. "I feel like you're trying to trick me!"
The woman said coolly, "This kind of trial doesn't have much meaning!
If you want to break through and reach a higher level of the Sword Dao, you have to force yourself. If you don't force yourself, you won't be able to break through within a hundred years!
Because the current you has already reached your own shackles.
Understand? "
Ye Xuan did not follow the woman's train of thought and asked, "Why are you imprisoned here?"
The woman said, "Does it have anything to do with you?"
Ye Xuan turned around and left.
You're so cocky, and you still want me to let you out? Dream on!
Meanwhile, the woman suddenly said, "Wait!"
Ye Xuan twisted his butt and continued to move forward!
Who told you to pull!
The woman continued, "Why is such a handsome young man so narrow-minded?"
Ye Xuan stopped in his tracks and turned to look at the woman. "What did you just say?"
The woman said, "Why are you so narrow-minded!?"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "The previous sentence!"
The woman said, "Such a handsome youth!"
Ye Xuan blinked. "Do you think I'm handsome?"
The woman nodded. "In terms of appearance, among all the men I've seen, you're in the top … No, you're number one!"
Ye Xuan chuckled. "Miss, I think we have a common topic!"
The woman slowly sat down and said, "To tell you the truth, I want your help!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "I can see that!"
The woman hesitated and did not speak.
Ye Xuan also did not speak.
After a moment, the woman said, "This sword is called Heavenly Sin. It's the second strongest sword in the Nether River Star Field. It contains the power of sin. If you obtain this sword …"
Ye Xuan suddenly shook his head. "Miss, I'm not the kind of person who relies on external objects!"
Saying so, he raised the sword in his hand. "I, Ye Xuan, don't rely on external objects other than my sword!"
The woman nodded and gave a thumbs up. "Young Master is amazing!
This little girl admires you! "
Ye Xuan sheathed his sword and said with a smile, "Miss, you're actually very powerful too. Although I didn't use my full strength just now, you couldn't use your full strength either. So, we're evenly matched!
You're powerful, so am I! "
The woman suddenly said, "Young Master didn't use his full strength?"
Ye Xuan said seriously, "Of course!"
The woman's mouth slightly twitched. Damn, this was the first time she met someone who lied through his teeth!
Ye Xuan said again, "Miss, I'm more curious. Why are you suppressed here?"
After a moment of silence, the woman said, "I'm from the Tian family!"
Ye Xuan frowned. "The Tian family?"
The woman frowned. "You've never heard of the Tian family?"
Ye Xuan blinked and shook his head. "I haven't!"
The woman's expression became a little strange. Where did this hothead come from?
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Do you know who I am?"
The woman shook her head. "I don't!"
Ye Xuan suddenly brought out the Door of Adversity. When she saw the Door of Adversity, the woman's expression changed. "What is this?"
Danger!
The moment the Door of Adversity appeared, she smelled the scent of death!
Ye Xuan patted the Door of Adversity and smiled. "This is my … my slave!"
The Door of Adversity trembled slightly. Inside the door, blood lightning surged!
Ye Xuan pressed his right hand on the Door of Adversity and said with Xuan Qi, "You better behave yourself. Otherwise, I'll ask my big brother to kill you!"
Hearing this, the Door of Adversity suddenly quieted down!
Ye Xuan looked at the woman and smiled. "Miss, do you know who I am now?"
The woman said in a deep voice, "Who are you?"
Ye Xuan blinked and said, "Have you heard of the Realm of Adversity?"
The woman's expression changed. "You're from the Realm of Adversity?"
Ye Xuan quickly nodded. "Yes!
You know about the Realm of Adversity? "
The woman said in a deep voice, "It's been recorded in ancient history!
However, I don't know much about this place. "
Ye Xuan smiled. "To tell you the truth, I am the Young Realm Master of the Realm of Adversity."
The Door of Adversity suddenly trembled!
Ye Xuan glared at the Door of Adversity and said with Xuan Qi, "Do you believe that I won't call you big brother right now?"
The Door of Adversity was speechless.
The woman faced Ye Xuan. After a moment, she said, "What are you trying to say?"
Ye Xuan put away the Door of Adversity and said with a smile, "Miss, I just want to say that I'm not an ordinary person!"
The woman was silent for a moment and said, "I can help you reach the next level!"
Ye Xuan narrowed his eyes. "Reach the next level?"
The woman nodded. "My current strength has been sealed. With my current strength, I can't force you to your limit. If you can't reach your limit, you won't be able to surpass yourself!
I can feel that your sword has reached its limit, be it in terms of strength or speed. If you want to break through again, you will only be able to break through the shackles of your body and reach new heights!
Of course, this is very dangerous because you might really die!
So, let's see if you dare to risk your life! "
Ye Xuan was silent.
He knew what the woman meant!
The limit between life and death!
Right now, be it in terms of strength, speed, or mastery of the Sword Dao, he had reached a limit. This limit was the shackles!
If he wanted to break through again, it was impossible to do so through simple trials!
Only in the desperate situation between life and death could he break through his limit!
However, as the woman said, it was only a possibility. He might break through his limit, or he might really die!
Should he risk it?
Ye Xuan fell silent.
The woman in the distance did not speak either. She was waiting for Ye Xuan to make his choice.
After a long time, Ye Xuan shook his head and smiled. "Miss, you're right!"
The woman faced Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan laughed at himself. "As you said, I said that I want to die, but I'm not really asking for it!
I'm actually deceiving myself and others!
Moreover, when I faced you just now, your strength did cause a trace of fear in my heart. However, I didn't dare to face the fear in my heart … "
As he spoke, he looked at the sword in his hand and smiled lightly. "I'm a little overcautious now!"
The woman said softly, "Have you thought it through?"
Ye Xuan looked at the woman. "If I save you, I might be tainted with some bad karma!"
The woman said, "I can't promise you anything. I can only say that I'll bear any karma with you!
Of course, the prerequisite is that you're not afraid! "
Ye Xuan laughed. "Like hell I'm afraid!
I'm irreconcilable with karma!
In the past, I always wanted to cause less trouble and taint less karma. But now it seems like it's useless!
Since that's the case, then I might as well taint more karma! "
As he spoke, he walked to the woman. "Miss, I'll save you. Help me!"
The woman nodded. "Sure!"
Ye Xuan said, "How should I help you?"
The woman pointed above her, "Take that sword away!"
Ye Xuan said, "That's all?"
The woman nodded.
Ye Xuan gazed at the blood red sword. After a short moment of silence, he opened his palm with the intention of controlling it. However, it was useless!
Ye Xuan furrowed his brows. This sword was a little interesting!
It actually doesn't give me any face!
Ye Xuan leaped up and arrived in front of the sword, and then he utilized his Sword Domain to suppress it. Meanwhile, the sword suddenly started trembling violently. In the next moment, a strand of formidable force suddenly surged out from within the sword!
Rumble!
Ye Xuan was blasted 300m away!
Ye Xuan was quite shocked. Is that sword that formidable?
Meanwhile, the woman spoke abruptly, "It isn't the sword that's formidable. If it was just a sword, then it wouldn't be a match for you at all. It's the formation beneath me that's formidable!"
Ye Xuan gazed at the blood red circle beneath her. It had suddenly been activated, and the surroundings were filled with strange blood red energy!
The woman said, "You have to break this Spirit Devouring Blood Formation!"
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "How can I break it?"
The woman said, "Think of a way!"
Think of a way?
Ye Xuan was speechless. You're so powerful, yet you can't break it. How can I break it?
As if he had thought of something, Ye Xuan's eyes suddenly lit up, and he took out the Door of Adversity!
Ye Xuan sneered. There would definitely be bad karma if he saved this woman, and the Door of Adversity was the culprit!
Since that's the case, why not let it save her?
In the future, I'll let this door take the blame!
If there's no blame, then I'll let it take the blame!
Ye Xuan placed the Door of Adversity in front of the woman, and then said, "Break this stupid circle for me!"
The Door of Adversity didn't move.
Ye Xuan transmitted his Xuan Energy, "Hurry up and break it, or I'll ask my big brother to kill you!"
The Door of Adversity: "…"
....
PS: Thank you to all the readers for your tips and votes yesterday, especially the Sect Leader's tip of one fries. Thank you for your tips and votes. I'm going to get my precious sword!
!!








Chapter 1525
The Door of Adversity trembled slightly. Within the Door of Adversity, countless bolts of blood-colored lightning flashed and tore.
It was obvious that it was enraged!
Damn it, it had never been bullied like this before!
Ye Xuan could sense the Door of Adversity's anger, but he did not care. He patted the Door of Adversity lightly and transmitted his voice using Celestial Qi. "I'll give you three breaths. If you don't break this blood formation in three breaths, I'll call my big brother!
I'll immediately call my big brother to come and kill it!
One … "
The Door of Adversity did not respond.
"Two!"
The Door of Adversity still did not respond!
Ye Xuan opened his palm, and a ray of sword light appeared in his hand. Just as he was about to call for help, the Door of Adversity suddenly floated in front of the woman, and it smashed into the blood circle.
Boom!
In an instant, the blood circle shook violently and then collapsed. However, countless blood-colored runes appeared and surged into the blood sword above the woman's head. The blood sword shook violently and in an instant, the entire sky above Burial Mountain turned into a sea of blood. The sword stood in the sea of blood and the sea of blood around it surged. It was as if doomsday had arrived. It was extremely frightening.
Seeing this, Ye Xuan's expression became solemn!
The power contained within the sword made his heart palpitate!
However, was this sword going to go against the Door of Adversity?
At this moment, the sword suddenly fell from the sky and slashed at the Door of Adversity.
Seeing this, Ye Xuan blinked. Good lord, this sword was really going to destroy the Door of Adversity!
It had guts!
Below, the Door of Adversity suddenly trembled!
It was angry!
It was one thing to be bullied by that Swordsman!
After all, they really could not win!
However, what kind of trash was this broken sword?
How dare it bully it?
The Door of Adversity suddenly turned into a ray of blood light and shot into the sky. It directly collided with the blood sword.
Boom!
The blood sword directly exploded and turned into nothingness. At the same time, the sea of blood in the sky disappeared without a trace.
Seeing this, the woman slowly clenched her right hand. Her heart was filled with a deep fear.
Ye Xuan glanced at the Door of Adversity. This Door of Adversity was really fierce!
Apart from the three swords, there was probably no one who could match up to him!
Even if Nian Nian and Tu joined forces, they still couldn't resist the calamity it emitted!
Unfortunately, this guy was unlucky to meet that Swordsman …
Meanwhile, the Door of Misfortune suddenly returned to Ye Xuan's body!
Naturally, it did not dare to leave!
Because the Swordsman was not far away, and there were two sword auras within its body.
It was afraid that if it ran, it would lose its life immediately!
All it could do now was wait, wait for the Swordsman to leave!
Now, it could only lay low!
Meanwhile, the woman suddenly said, "Thank you!"
Ye Xuan looked at the woman. "How should I address you, miss?"
The woman said, "Pull the gentleman!"
Save the husband!
Ye Xuan nodded. "Miss Wanjun, can we start now?"
Liu Jun said, "Wait a moment!
Let me recover! "
As she spoke, she sat cross-legged on the ground and started to heal her injuries.
Ye Xuan suddenly opened his palm, and some violet energy surged towards Pull the gentleman.
Pull the gentleman was slightly surprised when she saw the violet energy, and she said, "This violet energy … is too precious!
However, since it's a token of goodwill, I won't hold back!
Thank you! "
As she spoke, she directly absorbed the violet energy.
Ye Xuan was speechless. I've met my match.
A short while later, Pull the gentleman had more or less recovered. She stood up and suddenly clenched her fists tightly. In an instant, the chains in her hands collapsed.
Pull the gentleman took a deep breath, and then she slowly closed her eyes. After a very long time, she opened her eyes again. Her eye sockets were still pitch black, and they looked extremely horrifying.
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment, and then he said, "Miss Pull the gentleman, can't you reconstruct your eyes?"
Pull the gentleman's expression suddenly became ferocious.
"My eyes are in the hands of the Tian family, and I'm going to take them back with my own two hands!"
Ye Xuan glanced at Pull the gentleman. He knew that Pull the gentleman definitely had a blood feud with him.
However, that wasn't something that he wanted to care about.
Right now, he only wanted to break through his limits!
Pull the gentleman suddenly turned to Ye Xuan, "Are you ready?"
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "I'm ready …"
He hadn't even finished speaking when Pull the gentleman suddenly attacked. She moved like lightning, and her finger touched the space between Ye Xuan's eyebrows.
Ye Xuan hadn't expected Pull the gentleman to attack so suddenly. He was caught off guard, and he was horrified. It was too late to dodge, but he could only forcefully dodge. However, it was still a little too late.
Pull the gentleman's finger touched the space between his eyebrows.
Boom!
In an instant, Ye Xuan's body collapsed, and his soul retreated hundreds of kilometers. In the process, his soul started to burn. At this moment, the Soul Suppressing Sword suddenly transformed into a sword light and fused with his soul.
Boom!
Ye Xuan's burning soul immediately calmed down!
After he stopped, Ye Xuan clenched his fists tightly, and his mind went blank!
If it wasn't for the Soul Suppressing Sword, he would've been instantly killed!
Pull the gentleman appeared in front of Ye Xuan, "Do you understand what it means to be between life and death?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "I understand!"
Between life and death!
Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes!
That moment just now was the closest he'd ever been to death in his life, and at that moment, he was afraid!
Afraid of death!
In this world, how many people could be unafraid of death?
Originally, he thought that he wasn't afraid of death, but in reality, he still felt fear in his heart when he really faced death!
Ye Xuan laughed at himself. To think that he had asked for death!
Wanted to die?
A person who was afraid of death actually wanted to die. Now that he thought about it, it was really ridiculous!
Pull the gentleman didn't say anything else. She knew that Ye Xuan must have a lot of thoughts going through his mind right now!
The feeling of being between life and death far surpassed any kind of bitter cultivation!
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly sat cross-legged on the ground and began to reconstruct his body!
This time, he used his violet energy to reconstruct his body because it was faster.
Around two hours later, Ye Xuan's body had recovered. Ye Xuan shook his head and smiled as he gazed at his reconstructed body. His current body was too fragile!
Meanwhile, Pull the gentleman suddenly said, "Shall we continue?"
Ye Xuan was about to nod when Pull the gentleman suddenly attacked. This time, it was even faster than before. Fortunately, Ye Xuan was mentally prepared this time, so he'd already retreated the moment Pull the gentleman attacked. However, Pull the gentleman's finger pierced through space and tapped the center of his forehead.
Bang!
Ye Xuan's body collapsed once more, and his soul retreated explosively. This time, he retreated for over 30km. Moreover, his soul had become extremely illusory as if it would vanish at any moment!
Actually, if it wasn't for the Soul Quelling Sword, his soul really would have vanished!
Pull the gentleman walked towards Ye Xuan, "You can't do it more than three times. If you do it again, that sword won't be able to protect your soul!"
She stopped as she spoke, "Do you dare to continue?"
Do I dare to continue?
These words struck the heart!
Ye Xuan took a deep breath, "Come!"
He sat down cross-legged on the ground and continued to reconstruct his body.
Pull the gentleman stood on the spot in silence.
Two hours later, Ye Xuan's body had recovered.
Ye Xuan stood up and looked at Pull the gentleman. Pull the gentleman was about to speak when Ye Xuan suddenly stabbed with his sword.
Instant Kill!
Never speak when you're fighting!
A lesson learned in blood!
This sword went straight for the space between Yanjun's eyebrows. However, as soon as he thrust his sword out, it was caught between two of Yanjun's fingers. Almost at the same time, the space where Ye Xuan was suddenly split open. However, Ye Xuan had already reappeared hundreds of feet away!
To be more precise, he'd retreated the moment he'd attacked!
That was why Pull the gentleman's finger hadn't struck him!
Pull the gentleman held Ye Xuan's sword and faced the gentleman.
Ye Xuan said, "It seems that having your body shattered twice has taught you a lot!"
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "Please enlighten me, Miss Pull Jun."
Pull the gentleman walked towards Ye Xuan, "What's the fastest?"
Ye Xuan said, "The heart!"
Pull the gentleman nodded, "That's right!
When we fight, we can't rely on our instincts alone because some people's speed surpasses our instincts by several times, just like me and the gentleman from before!
My speed surpasses our instincts, which is why you couldn't dodge my finger!
And this time, the reason he was able to dodge it was because he had already anticipated that I would make a move. So, he had already retreated before I even made a move! "
Ye Xuan frowned, "Prediction?"
Pull the gentleman shook her head, "Not just prediction, but also mental calculation!"
Ye Xuan was puzzled, "Mental calculation?"
Pull the gentleman nodded, "Fighting is like playing chess. Every move is like placing a chess piece. When a chess master plays, he's already calculated the possibilities of the next few dozen or even hundreds of moves before placing a chess piece. This is called mental calculation.
When you attack with your sword, you shouldn't rigidly adhere to the sword technique, you should think of more possibilities.
Just like just now, when you attacked with your sword, you chose to retreat immediately and avoided my fatal blow. This means that you've already entered the realm of the heart of the sword! "
Hearing this, Ye Xuan suddenly saw the light.
At this moment, he recalled what Swordsman had said to him, "Where the heart goes, the sword goes."
What was speed?
In fact, the pinnacle of speed was prediction!
As for prediction, this was a very, very simple concept!
Of course, he also understood that if he did not increase his speed to the limit, he had no right to predict!
Just like when he fought Pull Jun, if he did not increase his speed to the limit, it would be useless even if he thought of how Pull Jun would attack!
Thinking was not as fast as the other person!
Pull Jun suddenly said, "We martial artists call it mental calculation, while you Swordsman should call it the heart of the sword!
Using the heart to control the sword, using the heart to calculate the sword, if you add the sword technique just now to the heart of the sword, it will become even more terrifying! "
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "Is the heart of the sword also divided into realms?"
Pull Jun nodded, "Yes!
It's like when people play chess, some can predict ten moves after placing a chess piece, while others can predict a hundred moves … Simply put, there are three realms, namely the initial realm, the great achievement realm, and the pinnacle realm. "
Ye Xuan said softly, "I'm now considered to be at the initial realm!"
Pull Jun nodded, "Yes!
But it's a little special! "
Ye Xuan was puzzled, "Why do you say that?"
Pull Jun said, "Because I'm only at the Dao realm!"
In fact, she was also a little shocked.
Ye Xuan was at the Dao realm, while she was at the peak of the Eternal realm. Moreover, she could advance at any time if she wanted to!
Strictly speaking, she was three major realms higher than Ye Xuan.
However, when facing Ye Xuan, she still did not dare to underestimate him, especially now!
As if thinking of something, she suddenly looked at him, "Do you want to continue?"
Ye Xuan did not speak, but directly retreated a hundred feet. As soon as he retreated, the space in front of him directly cracked!
Ye Xuan glanced at Pull Jun, thinking that it was a close call. If he had answered this woman's question, it would have been over!
He suddenly realized that fighting could be done like this …
Pull Jun was about to speak, at this moment, the space in the sky suddenly trembled, followed by a huge space vortex appearing in the sky.
Pull Jun suddenly looked up, her face gradually turning cold, "Let's go first!"
Ye Xuan hesitated, then asked, "Did someone from the Tian family come?"
Pull Jun nodded.
Ye Xuan smiled awkwardly, "This, it's not convenient for me to participate!"
Pull Jun said, "Let's go!"
Ye Xuan turned to leave, but after taking two steps, he suddenly stopped. After thinking for a moment, he suddenly walked to Pull Jun, then said, "Miss Pull Jun, don't be afraid. I am the Misfortune Realm's Young Master, and this matter will be handled by the Misfortune Realm!
If the Tian family does not give face to the Misfortune Realm, then the Misfortune Realm will be destroyed! "
Inside the Prison Pagoda, the Misfortune Gate suddenly trembled, almost going berserk …
...








Chapter 1526
The Disaster Cause!
Ye Xuan had been thinking about a problem. He had the Disaster Body and the Disaster Cause. Since the Disaster Cause was causing trouble for him every day, why didn't he cause some trouble for the Disaster Cause?
Moreover, even if he didn't take the initiative to cause trouble, wouldn't there be trouble?
Definitely not!
No matter what, the Cause of Misfortune would find him.
There was no point in running away!
Since there was no point in running away, he might as well take the initiative to cause trouble and let the Door of Disaster take the blame!
At most, he would perish together!
Hearing Ye Xuan's words, Wan Jun looked at Ye Xuan, "Are you sure?"
Ye Xuan smiled, "Miss Wan Jun, do I look like I'm joking?"
Wan Jun said softly, "This is my business!"
Ye Xuan looked at the sky, "From now on, your business is my business!
Whoever bullies you is bullying me, Ye Xuan, bullying my Disaster Realm!
Whoever dares to bully my Disaster Realm will be killed no matter how far away you are! "
Wan Jun: "…"
The Door of Disaster: "…"
As the vortex appeared in the sky, the entire Great Barren Mountain Range was shocked. Countless monsters raised their heads and looked in the direction of Burial Mountain.
At this moment, a fiery red flag suddenly flew out from the black vortex!
On the fiery red flag, there was a huge word: Tian!
As the flag floated out, a voice came from the spatial vortex, "The Tian family is handling matters. Those who are not involved, please leave!"
The Tian family!
As the voice sounded, the entire Great Barren Mountain Range shook!
In an instant, the countless demon beasts around Burial Mountain fled in all directions like birds startled by the mere twang of a bow.
Ye Xuan looked around and frowned. This Tian family was so arrogant!
At this moment, Wan Jun suddenly said, "It's not too late to leave now!"
Just as Ye Xuan was about to speak, a young man walked out from the sky. The young man wore a brocade robe and held a folding fan in his hand. At the end of the folding fan was a jade pendant.
After the young man appeared, he looked around and smiled, "Great Barren Mountain Range!"
As he spoke, he looked down at Wan Jun, "Cousin, how have you been!"
Cousin!
Ye Xuan's expression was a little strange. This was a family!
Family infighting?
Ye Xuan thought of the Ye family of Qingcheng!
It seemed that any family would have internal strife!
Wan Jun turned to the young man. "Tian Qiu, you're alone?"
The man called Tian Qiu laughed and said, "Cousin, am I that weak in your eyes?"
Wan Jun was expressionless. "Don't you know what kind of trash you are?"
The smile on Tian Qiu's face gradually darkened when he heard this. He seemed to have thought of something and suddenly looked at Ye Xuan, who was standing next to Wan Jun. "Are you here to rescue my cousin?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "It's me!"
Tian Qiu closed his fan and smiled. "I can tell you that no matter who it is, no matter what background he has, the Tian family will take his head."
Inside the Prison Pagoda, the Door of Disaster suddenly trembled. No one knew what it meant.
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment and said, "I'm from the Misfortune World. Can you give my Misfortune World some face?"
"Disaster Realm?"
Tian Qiu shook his head and smiled. "What kind of rubbish place is that? I've never heard of it!"
Ye Xuan blinked. "You've never heard of the Misfortune World?"
Tian Qiu smiled. "Is the Misfortune World famous?"
Ye Xuan turned to look at Wan Jun. Wan Jun said indifferently, "His rank is too low. He can't come into contact with the core things of the family!"
His rank is too low!
Ye Xuan was speechless. This girl's words were too hurtful!
Because Wan Jun had said it very loudly and intentionally for Tian Qiu to hear!
The smile on Tian Qiu's face gradually darkened when he heard Wan Jun's words.
He didn't dare to provoke Wan Jun. Instead, he looked at Ye Xuan. "Do you think you can protect the Misfortune World?"
Ye Xuan nodded hurriedly. "My Misfortune World is invincible!"
The Door of Disaster was speechless.
"Invincible!"
Tian Qiu laughed extremely loudly. "Invincible?
That's the funniest joke I've ever heard! "
Ye Xuan clenched his fists, appearing very angry. "How dare you humiliate my Misfortune World!"
Tian Qiu looked down at Ye Xuan and sneered. "Humiliate the Misfortune World?
What kind of rubbish place is the Misfortune World? Is it worthy of being humiliated by the Tian family?
In front of the Tian family, the Misfortune World isn't even comparable to an ant. … "
At this moment, a bloody light suddenly flew out from Ye Xuan's body.
Boom!
Before Tian Qiu could react, he was directly hit by a bloody door. In an instant, Tian Qiu's soul was destroyed!
Not even a piece of him was left!
The one who attacked was the Door of Disaster!
Seeing the Door of Disaster attack, Wan Jun's expression gradually turned serious. No one knew what she was thinking.
Ye Xuan glanced at the Door of Disaster. Damn, he realized that this guy might be many times more powerful than he imagined!
That young man was at least in the Eternal Realm, but he was instantly killed!
It could be said that apart from the three swords, no one could stop this broken door!
Should he be more friendly when facing this door in the future?
In the sky, the Door of Disaster trembled slightly. Lightning flashed around it.
Anger!
It was very angry!
It was fine if it was bullied by that Swordsman!
What kind of trash dared to insult the Misfortune World?
Did it really think that the Misfortune World was easy to bully?
At this moment, on the other side of the Great Desolate Mountain Range, Swordsman suddenly turned his head and looked in the direction of the Door of Disaster.
As the swordsman looked, the Door of Disaster in the sky suddenly turned into a streak of bloody light and entered Ye Xuan's body like a bird startled by the mere twang of a bowstring.
Ye Xuan and Wan Jun were dumbfounded.
On the ninth floor, the Door of Disaster hid in a corner and shivered …
At this moment, Lil 'Tower slipped into the ninth floor. Lil' Tower flew in front of the Door of Wretched Disaster and hopped around. "Lil 'Er, I said before that you would recognize me as your father. Have you considered it?
If you don't want to be my son, then recognize me as your grandfather! "
The Door of Disaster: "…"
Hearing Xiao Ta's words, Ye Xuan was speechless. This Xiao Ta would be beaten up one day!
Beside Ye Xuan, Wan Jun suddenly said, "Things may have gotten a little serious!"
Ye Xuan said, "It was killed by that door!"
Wan Jun turned to look at Ye Xuan, "Isn't that door yours?"
Ye Xuan said, "It's mine. However, one should take responsibility for his actions. It will solve itself!"
Wan Jun hesitated, then said, "Can we do that?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Yes!"
Wan Jun gave a thumbs up, "Impressive!"
Just as Ye Xuan was about to speak, a powerful aura suddenly surged out from the spatial vortex in the sky.
Ye Xuan looked up, his left hand tightly gripping the sword in his hand!
Wan Jun said softly, "A decent one has arrived!"
As soon as she finished speaking, an old man walked out from the spatial vortex.
The old man wore a simple gray robe and held a sheathed longsword in his hand.
A Swordsman!
Ye Xuan's eyes lit up.
What he wanted the most was to fight a Swordsman!
Wan Jun looked at the old man, "Third Uncle, I didn't expect you to come this time!"
The old man's expression was calm, "Isn't it better to stay here and wait for time to run out?"
Wan Jun said fiercely, "I'm not convinced!"
The old man shook his head, "If you're not convinced, then die!"
Wan Jun said with a smile, "Bring it on!"
He smiled and said, "Then come!"
At this moment, the old man suddenly shook his head, "Let's put this aside for now!"
As he said that, his gaze fell on Ye Xuan, "Did you kill Tian Qiu?"
Then, his gaze fell on Ye Xuan, "Did you kill Tian Qiu?"
Ye Xuan shook his head, "No!"
The old man frowned, "You dare to do it, but don't dare to admit it?"
Ye Xuan said, "I really didn't kill him!"
The old man looked at Wan Jun, and Wan Jun said calmly, "I didn't kill him either!"
The old man looked at Ye Xuan, "If you didn't kill him, then you let Wan Jun go, right?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
The old man stared at Ye Xuan, "Who gave you the guts to meddle in my family's affairs?"
Ye Xuan pointed at the old man, "I want to save him, so I did. You're not convinced?
Come and hit me then! "
Wan Jun was speechless.
The old man narrowed his eyes, "I've never seen such an arrogant person!
Looks like he has quite the backing! "
Ye Xuan said angrily, "I'm from the Disaster Realm!"
Inside the Prison Pagoda, the Disaster Realm trembled slightly … If it wasn't for that Swordsman, it would have smashed Ye Xuan into meat paste!
Damn, why did they have to put all the blame on the Disaster Realm!
In the sky, the old man frowned slightly, "Disaster Realm?"
As he said that, he looked at Ye Xuan, "You think you can be so arrogant just because you're in the Disaster Realm?"
As soon as he said that, he suddenly pointed with his finger, and a sword light slashed down from the sky.
Below, Ye Xuan suddenly pulled out his sword, "Slash!"
Chi!
A ray of sword light shot up into the sky!
In the sky, the old man's sword light was directly slashed into pieces, and then, the space in front of the old man was directly torn apart!
Seeing this scene, the old man was shocked, this young man's sword was so sharp!
Not daring to think too much, the old man suddenly pulled out his sword and stabbed.
It was a tit for tat!
Boom!
A ray of sword light suddenly exploded in front of the old man, and the old man retreated several tens of feet, but he did not stop, and a sword stabbed at him again!
The old man blocked with his sword.
Boom!
The old man retreated nearly a hundred feet again, and as soon as the space in front of him was torn apart, thousands of dark energy energy swords appeared, and then, these dark energy energy swords directly flew towards the old man!
The old man's pupils constricted, and then he swung his sword, causing an expanse of sword light to shoot out like a waterfall.
Bang! Bang! Bang!
In an instant, countless rays of sword light exploded throughout the sky, and then the entire sky was torn into countless pieces!
In the distance, Ye Xuan was just about to attack again when the spatial vortex in the distance suddenly trembled violently, and then numerous formidable auras surged out!
Ye Xuan was even more excited when he witnessed this scene!
On the other hand, Wan Jun's expression changed, and she immediately appeared by Ye Xuan's side and grabbed Ye Xuan's arm, "Let's go!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she brought Ye Xuan with her as she flew into the sky!
In the sky, Ye Xuan hurriedly said, "I'm not leaving, I can still fight!"
Wan Jun said angrily, "Fight my ass!
Someone above the Eternal Realm has arrived!
And there's more than one! "
Ye Xuan was stunned, and then he said, "It's fine, I can still fight!"
Wan Jun glared angrily at Ye Xuan, "There's someone more formidable than me, and there's more than one of them!"
Ye Xuan blinked, "Don't be afraid, I'm from the Misfortune World!
I'm the Young Master of the Misfortune World! "
Meanwhile, an icy cold voice suddenly resounded, "Can you be a little more shameless?"
Ye Xuan was stunned when he heard this.
Who's speaking?
It didn't take long for Ye Xuan's expression to change.
It's the Door of Misfortune!
Dammit, this fellow's been angered to the point of speaking!
.....
PS: Please give me tickets!








Chapter 1527
To be frank, Ye Xuan was a little shocked!
This Door of Disaster actually spoke!
Just as he was about to study it, Wanjun brought him and disappeared into the horizon.
As for the old man beside him, he didn't stop them.
Because he was afraid of death!
If it was just Ye Xuan, he wouldn't be able to kill him. However, with Wanjun, he had a chance.
He didn't dare to take the risk!
Not long after they disappeared, two people suddenly walked out from the whirlpool, a man and a woman.
Seeing both of them, the old man's face suddenly changed. He quickly walked in front of them and respectfully greeted, "Sage, Heavenly Mother!"
Sage!
Heavenly Mother!
These two's position in the Tian family is only second to the Tian family's Master and Master!
Sage looked into the distance, "Who was that young man just now?"
The old man said in a deep voice, "I don't know who he is!
However, he claimed to be from the Disaster Realm! "
Disaster Realm!
Sage and Heavenly Mother looked at each other. Their eyes were filled with deep meaning.
The old man hesitated for a bit before saying, "Sage, Heavenly Mother, why are you both here?"
Sage looked at the old man, "This matter isn't something you can intervene in. Go back!"
That old man didn't dare to ask more. He respectfully bowed and retreated.
Sage looked into the distance and whispered, "What do you think?"
Heavenly Mother's face was expressionless, "Kill him!"
Sage shook his head, "Don't underestimate him!
Master said that this man is related to the rise and fall of our Tian family. To be able to affect our Tian family's rise and fall, he's definitely not an ordinary person. "
Heavenly Mother looked at Sage, "He saved Wanjun!
This means that he's already on the same side as Wanjun!
If we don't kill him, should we rope him in?
If we rope him in, our Tian family will be in chaos! "
Sage sighed in a low voice.
Wanjun and the Tian family's Master have a blood feud!
To stand on Wanjun's side, it means the Tian family will be in chaos!
Sage suddenly said, "Is he really from the Disaster Realm?"
Heavenly Mother shook her head, "Impossible!"
Sage asked, "Why do you say that?"
Heavenly Mother looked into the distance, "Didn't you already see it?"
Sage smiled, "Disaster Body!"
The Heavenly Mother nodded. "If he really came from the Disaster Realm, how could he be a person with a Disaster Body?
Of course, he might really be from the Disaster Realm, but he definitely escaped! "
As she spoke, she looked into the distant horizon. "No matter what, he must die, and so must Liujun!"
The sage said in a deep voice, "We can kill that man, but Lan Jun … The Celestial Master will not let us kill her!"
The Heavenly Mother shook her head, "Leaving her alive will be a scourge!
Right now, she must hate the clan to the core, and she is a genius. If we allow her to continue growing, she will definitely become a great threat in the future! "
The sage said softly, "Heavenly Master, we have no choice but to be apprehensive!"
The Heavenly Mother fell silent.
Celestial Master's position in the Tian family was very influential. It could be said that even the Tian family's Heavenly Master had to give her face.
If it wasn't for her, Baijun wouldn't have survived until now!
After a moment, Heavenly Mother said softly, "Act first and report later!"
The sage was still somewhat hesitant.
At this time, a young man suddenly appeared. He wore a white robe, and his hands were hidden in his sleeves. He looked gentle and quiet.
Celestial Imperial Court!
The Tian family's young master!
Tian Que looked at the sage and the Heavenly Mother, smiled and said, "Father said that he will deal with the Celestial Master."
The sage said, "That person can affect the rise and fall of my Tian family!"
Tian Que smiled and said, "He is already standing on my cousin's side."
The sage didn't speak anymore.
He knew that if he didn't kill Baijun and that young man, the Tian family would really be in chaos!
Thinking to this point, the sage said softly, "Then kill them!"
As his voice fell, he suddenly took a step forward, and with a light stroke of his finger, the space in front of him was directly broken.
Millions of miles away, Baijun suddenly stopped.
Qingcheng, Ye family, ancestral temple.
"Ancestors above, Ye Xuan has no talent, no virtue … From this moment on, Ye Xuan's position as Prince will be removed, and Ye Lang will inherit."
The one who spoke was an old man wearing a black robe.
Not far behind the old man stood a young man, and the young man had a faint smile on his face.
This person was Ye Lang.
And on both sides were the Ye family's elders.
"Why!"
At this time, a somewhat timid voice suddenly sounded in the ancestral temple.
Everyone looked over and saw a little girl standing at the door. The little girl was about 12 or 13 years old, and her two small hands were tightly grasping the hem of her skirt. Her face was sickly pale, and she looked a little weak, and there was a trace of timidity in her eyes.
This little girl was called Ye Ling, and she was Ye Xuan's blood sister. This time, when she heard that the family wanted to remove Ye Xuan, she disregarded her illness and rushed over.
The black-robed old man frowned, "Ye Ling, what are you doing!"
The little girl called Ye Ling bowed to the people in the ancestral temple, and said timidly, "Great Elder, my brother Ye Xuan is the Prince, why did you cripple him for no reason?"
The Great Elder coldly looked at Ye Ling, "This is a family matter, why are you interrupting?
Leave! "
Ye Ling was obviously afraid, and did not dare to look at the Great Elder, but she did not leave. Instead, she plucked up her courage and entered the ancestral temple. Once again, she bowed to the Elders, "Elders, my brother is fighting with the Li Family over the mining rights at Nanshan Hill. He is fighting for the family, and his life is uncertain. But now, the family is using a groundless excuse to strip him of his position. This is really unfair."
"Impudent!"
The Great Elder suddenly raged, "Whether he's stripped or not, it's not up to a little girl like you to decide.
Men, drag her away! "
At this time, the new Prince Ye Lang suddenly laughed, "You should be flogged 30 times, as a warning to others!"
The Great Elder coldly replied, "Then flog him 30 times!"
Very quickly, two Ye family's guards rushed in.
Ye Ling clenched her fists, and said angrily, "This is unfair! My brother has risked his life for the family for so many years, and even now, he's fighting for the family. The family is unfair to him …"
One of the guards glanced at the new Prince Ye Lang, and he knew that his chance to shine had come.
The guard sneered, "Young Master Ye Lang inherits the title of Prince, and it's everyone's wish. What are you yelling about?" As he spoke, he raised his hand and slapped Ye Ling's face.
Slap!
A crisp slap sounded, and the right side of Ye Ling's face instantly swelled up. However, she did not cry, and only held her cheek tightly.
Ye Lang looked at the guard, and smiled, "What's your name?"
The guard hurriedly bowed, "Subordinate Zhang Mu greets the Prince."
Ye Lang nodded, "You're not bad. After I become the Prince, I'll need 10 personal guards. From now on, you'll be my personal guard."
Hearing this, Zhang Mu was overjoyed, and hurriedly bowed deeply, "I'll go through fire and water for the Prince, and I'll do anything for you!"
Ye Lang nodded, "Drag him away. This person is causing trouble in the Ancestral Hall, do not hold back. Understood?"
Zhang Mu glanced at Ye Lang, and when he saw the killing intent in Ye Lang's eyes, he understood.
He immediately grabbed Ye Ling's hair and dragged her out.
At this time, Zhang Mu seemed to have seen something, and he suddenly stopped.
Within the Ancestral Hall, everyone turned their heads to look outside.
Not far from the Ancestral Hall, a young man was walking towards the Ancestral Hall. He was dressed in a tight-fitting robe that was tattered, and covered in blood.
This person was Ye Xuan, who had rushed back from the Nanshan!
Seeing Ye Xuan, Ye Lang's lips curled into a cold smile.
Within the Ancestral Hall, all the Elders were frowning.
The Great Elder narrowed his eyes, and his face was dark. No one knew what he was thinking.
From afar, when Ye Xuan saw Zhang Mu dragging Ye Ling, his face turned savage, "Who gave you the guts to touch my sister?"
When Zhang Mu saw Ye Xuan, his face changed. He quickly looked at Ye Lang, and was about to speak. At this time, Ye Xuan leaped in front of him like a ferocious tiger. Before the latter could react, Ye Xuan's fist landed on his face.
Bang!
Zhang Mu's head spun, and he stumbled and fell.
Ye Lang did not stop there, and charged towards Zhang Mu again. At this time, Ye Lang suddenly roared, "Ye Xuan, he's my man, how dare you …"
Ye Xuan suddenly stepped on Zhang Mu's chest.
Pu!
Zhang Mu spat out a mouthful of blood.
Seeing this, Ye Lang's face turned ugly, while Ye Xuan lifted his head to look at him, asking savagely, "Your man?"
As he spoke, he stomped on Zhang Mu's face.
Zhang Mu's face turned into a bloody mess, as he screamed, "Prince, save, save me …"
Ye Xuan did not care about Zhang Mu, as he walked to Ye Ling's side. Seeing Ye Ling's state, Ye Xuan felt as though his heart was being sliced by a knife. He clenched his fists, and his entire body trembled.
When Ye Ling saw Ye Xuan, her tears flowed, "Brother, it hurts, it hurts …"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan's expression turned savage. In the next instant, he charged in front of Zhang Mu, and kicked Zhang Mu's head.
Peng!
Qingcheng, Ye Clan, Ancestral Hall.
"Ancestors, Ye Xuan has no talent, no virtue … From now on, Ye Xuan's position as Prince shall be replaced by Ye Lang."
The one who spoke was an old man in black robes.
Not far behind the old man, there was a youth with a faint smile on his face.
This person was Ye Lang.
On both sides, there were the Elders of the Ye Clan.
"Why!?"
Right at this moment, a slightly timid voice suddenly resounded within the ancestral hall.
Everyone turned to look and saw a little girl standing at the door. She was about 12 or 13 years old, and her hands were tightly gripping the hem of her skirt. Her face had a sickly pallor, and she looked a little weak. There was even a trace of fear in her eyes.
This girl was called Ye Ling, and she was Ye Xuan's younger sister. When she heard that the clan wanted to remove Ye Xuan, she rushed over despite her illness.
The old man frowned, "Ye Ling, what are you doing!?"
The girl called Ye Ling bowed to everyone in the hall, as she asked timidly, "Great Elder, my brother, Ye Xuan, is the Prince. Why did you cripple him for no reason?"
The Great Elder looked at Ye Ling coldly, "This is a matter of the clan, why are you butting in?
Leave! "
Ye Ling was clearly a little fearful. She did not dare to look the Great Elder in the eye, but she did not leave. Instead, she mustered up her courage and walked into the ancestral hall. She bowed to the elders on both sides of the hall and said, "Elders, my brother is currently fighting with the Li family for the mining rights of the mine in Nanshan. He is now fighting for the family, and it is unknown whether he is alive or dead. However, the family has used a groundless excuse to remove his position as the Crown Prince. This is truly unfair.
"Impudent!"
The Great Elder suddenly raged, "Whether he's crippled or not, it's not up to a little girl like you to decide.
Men, drag her away! "
At this time, the new Prince, Ye Lang, suddenly laughed, "He should be flogged 30 times as a warning to others!"
The Great Elder replied coldly, "Then flog him 30 times!"
Very quickly, two guards of the Ye Clan rushed in.
Ye Ling clenched her fists, and said angrily, "This is unfair! My brother has risked his life for the clan for so many years, and even now, he's fighting for the clan. The clan is unfair to him …"
One of the guards glanced at the new Prince, Ye Lang. He knew that this was his chance to shine.
The guard sneered, "Young Master Ye Lang inherits the position of Prince. What are you yelling about?" As he spoke, he raised his hand and slapped Ye Ling's face.
Slap!
A crisp slap sounded, and the right side of Ye Ling's face instantly swelled up. However, she did not cry, and only covered her cheek tightly.
Ye Lang looked at the guard, and smiled, "What's your name?"
The guard hurriedly bowed. "Subordinate Zhang Mu greets the Crown Prince."
Ye Lang nodded, "You're not bad. After I become the Prince, I need ten guards. You can be my guard from now on."
Hearing this, Zhang Mu was overjoyed, and quickly bowed deeply, "I'll go through fire and water for the Prince, and I'll do anything for you!"
Ye Lang nodded, "Drag him away. This person is causing trouble in the ancestral hall. Don't hold back, understand?"
Zhang Mu glanced at Ye Lang, and when he saw the murderous intent in Ye Lang's eyes, he understood.
He immediately grabbed Ye Ling's hair and dragged her out.
At this moment, Zhang Mu saw something, and suddenly stopped.
Inside the ancestral hall, everyone turned their heads to look outside the hall.
Not far from the ancestral hall, a young man was walking towards the ancestral hall. The young man was wearing a tight-fitting robe, and the robe was tattered, and there was blood everywhere.
The young man was Ye Xuan, who had rushed back from Nanshan!
Seeing Ye Xuan, Ye Lang's mouth curled into a cold smile.
In the ancestral hall, the Elders frowned.
The Great Elder squinted his eyes, and his face was dark. No one knew what he was thinking.
From afar, when Ye Xuan saw Zhang Mu dragging Ye Ling, his face turned savage, "Who gave you the guts to touch my sister?"
When Zhang Mu saw Ye Xuan, his face changed. He quickly looked at Ye Lang, and was about to speak. At this time, Ye Xuan leaped in front of him like a ferocious tiger. Before the latter could react, Ye Xuan's fist landed on his face.
Bang!
Zhang Mu felt a wave of dizziness, and he stumbled and fell.
Ye Lang did not stop there, and charged towards Zhang Mu again. At this time, Ye Lang suddenly roared, "Ye Xuan, he's my man, how dare you …"
Ye Xuan suddenly stepped on Zhang Mu's chest.
Pu!
Zhang Mu spat out a mouthful of blood.
Seeing this, Ye Lang's face turned ugly, while Ye Xuan lifted his head to look at him, asking savagely, "Your man?"
As he spoke, he stomped on Zhang Mu's face.
Zhang Mu's face turned into a bloody mess, as he screamed, "Prince, save, save me …"
Ye Xuan did not care about Zhang Mu, as he walked to Ye Ling's side. Seeing Ye Ling's state, Ye Xuan felt as though his heart was being sliced by a knife. He clenched his fists, and his entire body trembled.
When Ye Ling saw Ye Xuan, her tears flowed, "Brother, it hurts, it hurts …"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan's expression turned savage. In the next instant, he charged in front of Zhang Mu, and kicked Zhang Mu's head.
Peng!








Chapter 1528
Within the spatial crack, the Saint Monarch stared at the phantom, his heart still on guard!
Because even now, he still couldn't feel the reality of this phantom!
Logically speaking, this was basically impossible!
One has to know that his current strength was already at the peak of the Nether River Star Field!
At this moment, the phantom spoke again, "You can't kill him, but you can destroy his state of mind. As long as you go in and force the person behind him to make a move, his state of mind of the sword will collapse, and he will also disappoint the person behind him. Only when that person leaves will he possibly die!"
At the side, Tian Que shook his head and smiled, "We can't kill him?
Are you looking down on my Tian family? "
The phantom suddenly slapped out.
Pa!
A resounding slap resounded, and immediately after, Tian Que's entire body was directly sent flying, and he directly disappeared!
He didn't die, just flew out of sight.
Seeing this scene, the Saint Monarch and the Heavenly Mother's expression suddenly changed!
At this moment, both of their hearts were incomparably shocked, because both of them actually couldn't see how the phantom attacked!
At this moment, the phantom coldly said, "Looking down on your Tian family?
What kind of trash is the Tian family?
Are you even worthy of my respect? "
The Saint Monarch stared at the phantom, "Who the hell are you!"
The phantom looked at the Saint Monarch, "Don't care who I am, as long as you know one thing about Dao Yi, and that is that my goal is the same as yours, and that is to kill him!"
The Saint Monarch solemnly said, "With your strength, isn't it a simple matter to kill him?"
Hearing this, the phantom suddenly flew into a rage, "Do you know how many people he has backing?
This shameless person has backing everywhere, I'm really f * cking convinced!
I finally managed to get rid of that woman, and then another Swordsman appeared … I'm really pissed off! "
Thinking of this, she felt somewhat sullen!
Originally, she was about to complete the mission, but she didn't expect to encounter that Swordsman!
She was just passing by!
Besides those three Swordsman, she could walk sideways with anyone she met!
But she just had to encounter one of those three Swordsman!
This was bloody bad luck!
The Saint Monarch solemnly said, "Is his backing very strong?"
The phantom's emotions slowly calmed down. She softly said, "Don't be afraid. It's just one person. Your Tian family can handle it!"
The sage took a glance at the phantom, but didn't say anything.
The phantom said again, "If you don't go in and kill him now, believe me, when he comes out, the two of you won't be able to do anything to him. This person, now, seems to be on steroids. He just wants to fight, and he's only a step away from the Common Sword Realm, no, only half a step!
Once he reached the Mortal Sword Realm, realms would no longer have much meaning to him.
Also, the woman who went in with him has an ulterior motive. She brought him in on purpose. I don't know what her motive is, but it's definitely not a good thing for you!
Besides, there's a law of the universe inside. Don't tell me you're not tempted? "
After the sage went silent for a moment, he said, "Your Excellency, this is a forbidden area for humans!
Once you enter this place, your cultivation will be sealed! "
The phantom said, "Once they obtain the Universal Law, they will be able to use it to seal your cultivation when they come out, and their cultivation will not be affected at all!"
Hearing this, the sage's complexion immediately changed.
How much hatred does Wan Jun have for the Tian family?
It could be said to be a blood feud!
If Wan Jun were to obtain the Universal Law, there was no doubt that she would directly slaughter the Tian family!
Heavenly Mother suddenly said, "Throughout history, it's unknown how many experts have entered this forbidden area for humans. Those who are several times stronger than her haven't obtained the Universal Law. Why is Your Excellency so sure that she can obtain the Universal Law?"
The phantom said, "She can't obtain it, but he might!"
Heavenly Mother frowned, "Why?"
The phantom said with some anger, "Because his big brother is awesome!"
Heavenly Mother: "…"
The phantom said again, "You still have the chance to kill the two of them. As for the problem of coming out, you don't have to worry. If you kill them, I will naturally help you out!
Of course, whether you go or not, it's up to you! "
After saying that, she directly disappeared.
The sage turned to look at Heavenly Mother. Heavenly Mother said in a deep voice, "We can't let her obtain the Universal Law!"
The sage nodded.
Once Wan Jun obtained the Universal Law, it would undoubtedly be a huge disaster for the Tian family!
The two of them no longer hesitated and directly turned into two white lights and disappeared not far away.
...
In the forbidden area for humans, Ye Xuan looked up at the distant palace, "Miss Wan Jun, what is that?"
Wan Jun gently stroked the hair beside her ear and softly said, "I also don't know what it is!"
Ye Xuan turned to look at Wan Jun, "You also don't know?"
Wan Jun nodded, "This place is a forbidden area. Even experts above the Eternal Realm dare not enter. Moreover, those who have entered before have never left!"
As she said that, she paused and said, "It's said that there is a Universal Law inside!"
Ye Xuan said, "Miss Wan Jun wants to obtain that Universal Law?"
Wan Jun nodded.
Ye Xuan smiled, "Then have you thought about how to get out?"
Wan Jun's expression was calm, "If I can't obtain that Universal Law, I will also die if I leave!"
Ye Xuan understood.
This Miss Wan Jun is going all out!
At this moment, Wan Jun suddenly said, "You are a person with a Disaster Body, how can you still live for so long?"
Ye Xuan thought for a moment, then said, "I am the Misfortune Realm's Young Lord!"
The Misfortune Gate trembled, damn, this person is really going to be shameless!
Wan Jun stopped and looked at Ye Xuan, "You want to shift the blame to the Misfortune Realm!"
Ye Xuan smiled sheepishly, "I've been seen through!"
Wan Jun said softly, "Your background is not simple, especially that door in your body. That door has already surpassed my understanding!"
As she said that, she paused and said, "That door is hostile to you, but it did not dare to attack you. If I'm not wrong, that door is afraid of something!"
As Ye Xuan glanced at Wan Jun, he sighed inwardly. None of these super experts are simple!
They seem to be laughing and joking, but in fact, they know very well!
Wan Jun suddenly stopped, there was a corpse not far from her and Ye Xuan!
It was a middle-aged man!
When she saw this middle-aged man, Wan Jun's expression became extremely solemn.
Ye Xuan asked, "Do you know him?"
Wan Jun said solemnly, "This person is called Qiu Yi. A thousand years ago, he shocked the entire Nether River Galaxy because he reached the Eternal Realm before the age of 30. It can be said that his cultivation speed is unprecedented!
But then he disappeared for some reason!
I never expected that he would come here!
Moreover, he even perished here! "
Ye Xuan looked around, "Who killed him?"
Wan Jun looked at the palace in the distance, her hands clenched, and no one knew what she was thinking.
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly walked up to Qiu Yi and bowed slightly, "Senior, do you have any inheritance to leave behind?
I think I can do it! "
Wan Jun, "…"
The Misfortune Gate, "…"
Ye Xuan still wanted to speak, but Wan Jun suddenly said, "His soul has been destroyed!"
His soul had been destroyed!
Ye Xuan glanced at Qiu Yi's corpse and sighed softly. The path of a cultivator was actually a path of no return!
Some people would disappear just by walking on this path!
The two of them continued forward!
Along the way, the two of them fell into silence.
Clearly, this was not a simple place.
Before long, the two of them stopped again. Not far in front of them, there was another corpse!
It was an old man!
Ye Xuan turned to look at Wan Jun, but she shook her head, "I don't know him!"
The two of them continued forward. Along the way, they saw about a dozen corpses, all of which were giants when they were alive!
There were even experts from hundreds of thousands of years ago!
The more the two of them walked, the more shocked they became!
Even Ye Xuan's expression became more and more solemn!
One should know that the two of them had no cultivation at all!
The two of them got closer to the palace, but they did not encounter any danger along the way, which surprised them!
This was not normal!
The two of them became even more cautious.
Before long, the two of them arrived in front of the palace. It was an ancient palace, and the entire place looked a little desolate.
A woman sat on the stone steps below the palace.
The woman wore white armor and a feathered helmet. She held a silver spear in her hand, and she looked rather cold.
At this moment, the woman in white armor was looking at Ye Xuan and Wan Jun!
To be more precise, she was looking at Ye Xuan!
Ye Xuan secretly raised his guard. There was actually a living person here!
Wan Jun glanced at the woman, but did not say anything. No one knew what she was thinking.
At this moment, the woman in white armor suddenly stood up and walked slowly towards Ye Xuan, "Disaster Body, Disaster Door, Disaster Karma … Young man, you're really tough to survive until now!"
Ye Xuan was shocked, "You know about the Disaster Door!"
The woman in white armor stared at Ye Xuan, "If it wasn't for this door, do you think the two of you could have made it here?"
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment, then asked, "Senior, you are?"
The woman in white armor stopped walking. She looked at Ye Xuan, and suddenly pointed her spear at Ye Xuan's abdomen. A trace of killing intent flashed in her eyes, "The Disaster Door wants to divert the disaster?"
There was no movement from the Disaster Door!
The woman in white armor suddenly put away her spear and sneered, "So it was sealed!
No wonder it was so low-key! "
There was still no movement from the Disaster Door!
The woman in white armor looked at Ye Xuan, "Leave this place!"
After saying that, she turned and left.
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Miss, wait!"
The woman in white armor stopped and turned to look at Ye Xuan, "What's the matter?"
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Miss, what is this Disaster Door?"
Inside the Prison Pagoda, the Disaster Door suddenly trembled and almost went berserk.
Ye Xuan did not even care about this stupid door!
The woman in white armor looked at Ye Xuan, "You don't know where it came from?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
The woman in white armor said, "After I tell you, leave this place and never come back. Is that alright?"
Wan Jun, "…"
Ye Xuan blinked, "Senior, what do you mean by that?"
The woman in white armor looked at Ye Xuan, "You're unlucky. I don't want to be implicated!"
Ye Xuan, "…"
Wan Jun, "…"
The woman in white armor said again, "Is that alright?"
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment, then said, "Senior, please say it!"
He really wanted to know the origin of this Disaster Door!
The woman in white armor nodded, "There are nine laws in the universe, and these nine laws have nine guardians. The Disaster Door is the guardian of the Disaster Law.
As a Disaster Body, you should have fallen long ago, but you've survived until now!
Right now, you're defying the heavens, truly defying the heavens, defying the laws of the universe.
To put it simply, even if you don't do anything, as long as you're alive, you're defying the heavens! "
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "Even if I do something good, they won't forgive me, right?"
The woman in white armor looked at Ye Xuan, "Since you've become a Disaster Body, it means that you've done something unacceptable in your previous life. In this life, even if you do something good, it will cause Disaster Karma!"
Saying this, she seemed to have realized something, and her eyes narrowed, "Someone changed your fate for you!
The person who changed your fate for you not only went against the Disaster Law, but also the Life Law, Reincarnation Law, and Karma Law … "
As she said this, she suddenly gave Ye Xuan a thumbs up, "The person who helped you is awesome!"
Ye Xuan, "…"
.....
PS: Voter: Awesome!!
Everyone can follow my official account, directly search for it: On the Green Phoenix Peak, and then click follow.
There are games inside. Apart from that, there will be some activities recently, and you can get exquisite games, as well as physical books of Sword Realm and Sword Supreme!
They're all free!
Everyone can follow it!!!








Chapter 1529
One had to admit that the white armored lady was extremely shocked.
Defying the laws of the universe?
She knew how difficult that was!
As the Dao Protector of the universe, she knew how terrifying a single law was.
And someone actually helped this youth to defy so many laws of the universe!
The white armored lady suddenly felt that this world was a little dangerous!
At the side, Ye Xuan shook his head, "Actually, I don't know anything!"
He actually felt extremely sullen!
Until now, he was still in a daze!
All he knew was that along the way, he was constantly in trouble, getting beaten up daily, and the enemies were always the abnormal kind. Even their heads were smashed!
When would such days come to an end!
At this moment, the white armored lady asked again, "Do you know who the enemy is?"
Ye Xuan looked at the white armored lady, "Isn't it the Cause of Misfortune?"
The white armored lady shook her head, "Not just the Misfortune Law, the enemy should be the Cosmos God Court!"
Ye Xuan frowned, "Cosmos God Court?"
The white armored lady nodded, "I told you before that there are nine laws of the universe, and within the Cosmos God Court, there are six laws of the universe. The Misfortune Law is one of them!"
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "Is this Cosmos God Court powerful?"
The white armored lady glanced at Ye Xuan, "Do you think the Door of Misfortune is powerful?"
Ye Xuan hesitated for a while before nodding his head.
Even though he didn't like the Door of Misfortune, he had to admit that it was powerful!
With three swords, it was almost invincible!
The white armored lady looked at Ye Xuan, "And it isn't the Misfortune Law, it's just the protector of the Misfortune Law. The real Misfortune Law is at least a hundred or a thousand times stronger than it!"
Ye Xuan suddenly held his chest, his expression was one of pain.
The white armored lady asked, "What's wrong?"
Ye Xuan shook his head, "My heart hurts!"
The white armored lady, "…"
Ye Xuan looked at the white armored lady, "You're also the protector of the universe law, are you not on the same side as the Cosmos God Court?"
The white-armored woman shook her head. "No!"
As she spoke, she glanced at Ye Xuan and said, "Normally speaking, he shouldn't be alive, but he just so happens to be alive. So, I'm afraid this matter isn't over!"
Ye Xuan suddenly asked, "Where is the Cosmos God Court?"
The white-armored woman asked, "Why do you ask?"
Ye Xuan said indifferently, "I want to bring my big brother to the Cosmos God Court to train!
My big brother has been lonely for more than a hundred thousand years. I want to take him to have some fun! "
The Door of Disaster: "…"
The white-armored woman shook her head, "I do not know where the Cosmos God Court is!"
Ye Xuan frowned. "Miss, you don't know?"
The white-armored woman nodded. "It's not just me who doesn't know. The Gate of Misfortune in my body doesn't know either!
Only the laws of the universe know! "
Ye Xuan was silent.
This was a bit of a headache!
If he knew where the Cosmos God Court was, he would really bring Swordsman there!
Qing 'er!
Ye Xuan suddenly thought of Qing 'er. Could Qing' er be looking for the Cosmos God Court?
The white-armored woman suddenly said, "Let's go!"
Ye Xuan was about to speak when the white-armored woman shook her head. "No, I have to go!"
Ye Xuan looked at the white-armored woman. The white-armored woman said solemnly, "If I meet him, I might be implicated!
Goodbye! "
As she finished speaking, she turned and left.
Ye Xuan hurriedly said, "Miss!"
The white-armored woman turned and looked at Ye Xuan. "Is there anything else?"
Ye Xuan hesitated. Then he said, "Miss, is there a law of the universe here, too?"
The white-armored woman shook her head. "No!
However, there is a law left behind by the law that I guarded!
So, outsiders who enter this place will have their cultivation suppressed! "
Wan Jun suddenly asked, "Were you the one who killed those people earlier?"
The white-armored woman nodded. "Yes, I did!"
Wan Jun glanced at the white-armored woman but didn't say anything.
The white-armored woman laughed coldly, "The universal laws and higher laws. These fellows actually want to obtain and control the universal laws. They really don't know their limits."
Wan Jun sighed softly in her heart while her expression dimmed down.
Her objective this time was to find the universal laws, but it would seem like she had no chance at all!
She was already extremely lucky to be able to survive!
The white-armored woman didn't speak further. She glanced at Ye Xuan's stomach while a trace of killing intent flashed through the depths of her eyes. However, she didn't choose to attack in the end, and she just turned around and left.
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Miss!"
The white-armored woman stopped and turned around to look at Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan smiled, "Miss, it's fate that brought us to know each other. Allow me to give you something!"
As he spoke, he opened his palm, and then a strand of violet energy surged out from within it!
There were over 100 strands of violet energy!
A trace of surprise flashed through the white-armored woman's eyes when she saw the violet energy, "What pure violet energy!"
Ye Xuan smiled, "It's fate that brought us to know each other. If you don't mind, then just accept this violet energy!
Of course, if you're afraid of being tainted by calamity because of this, then I can understand! "
The white-armored woman glanced at Ye Xuan, "I'm not afraid!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she put the violet energy away, and then she hesitated for a moment before she said, "Can I give you a little more?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Of course!"
As he spoke, he withdrew another 300 strands of violet energy.
The white-armored woman put all of them away, and then she gazed at Ye Xuan, "I can't take your violet energy for nothing!"
She opened her palm as she spoke, and then a golden talisman suddenly floated over to Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan was slightly surprised, "What's that?"
The white-armored woman said, "This talisman contains the energy of a universal law within it, and it can seal a person's cultivation after it's utilized!
However, it's only a single chance! "
Ye Xuan asked, "Can anyone be sealed?"
The white-armored woman shook her head, "Not if they're too strong!"
Ye Xuan hurriedly asked, "For example?"
The white-armored woman pondered deeply for a moment, and then she said, "For example, someone who defies the heavens and changes one's fate!"
Ye Xuan understood when he heard this!
This thing was probably useless against those with three sword strikes, but it would definitely be useful against those with less than that!
The only question was whether it would be useful against the Door of Misfortune!
Ye Xuan didn't refuse, and he put the talisman away.
The white-armored woman glanced at Ye Xuan, "Be careful of the Door of Misfortune within you!
She's much more terrifying than you'd imagined!
Farewell! "
As soon as she finished speaking, she turned around and vanished.
As soon as the white-armored woman vanished, Ye Xuan noticed that the world had suddenly started to change.
The energy of the seal was slowly vanishing!
Wan Jun suddenly said, "Do you think she's recuperating here?"
Ye Xuan spoke softly, "That's not important!"
Wan Jun nodded.
She knew what Ye Xuan meant, to form a good relationship!
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Miss Wan Jun, what's your next plan?"
Wan Jun was silent.
Ye Xuan said, "Miss Wan Jun, I'm afraid we'll have to part ways soon!"
Wan Jun nodded, and she looked at Ye Xuan, "Thank you for saving me!"
Ye Xuan smiled.
No problem!
By the way, Miss Wan Jun is a member of the Tian family, how did you end up like this? "
Wan Jun was silent.
Ye Xuan smiled, "If it's not convenient to say, I …"
Wan Jun sat to the side, and softly said, "My father was the previous Tian family's Patriarch, and at that time, I was the Tian family's Young Master.
One day, my father and my second uncle, who is the current Tian family's Patriarch, Tian Lin, went to Sword Abyss in Styx Starfield. Ten days later, my second uncle returned!
However, my father fell.
My second uncle said that my father was in danger in Sword Abyss!
I didn't believe it and wanted to use the family's power to investigate, but my second uncle became the Patriarch with the support of some Elders!
After he became the Patriarch, he immediately eliminated some Elders who supported me, and wanted to kill me for treason, but was stopped by my Tian family's Celestial Master … "
After saying that, she sneered, "Then I was imprisoned in Burial Mountain by the family for a thousand years!
During the time I was imprisoned, my father's bloodline was almost slaughtered!
Now, I'm the only one left! "
Ye Xuan whispered, "Father should have been killed by my second uncle!"
Wan Jun faced Ye Xuan, "It's not should have been, it's him!
Everyone in the Tian family knows that he did it! "
Ye Xuan frowned slightly, "Why didn't the Tian family do anything?
Moreover, they allowed him to become the Tian family's Patriarch! "
Wan Jun shook her head, "Because after my father's death, the only one who can bear the responsibility of the Tian family is my second uncle. He is also the strongest person in the Tian family.
If the Tian family chose to punish him, then my Tian family will instantly be torn apart!
For the sake of the big picture, the Elders of the Tian family could only sacrifice our bloodline to protect the Tian family! "
Speaking of this, her expression suddenly turned ferocious, "It's a pity that hundreds of people in my family were all killed."
Ye Xuan sighed. Such a family is even more complicated than an Emperor's family in the secular world.
Wan Jun looked up at the sky, clenched her fists, and her nails pierced deep into her palms, "If I don't take revenge for this blood feud, I, Tian Wan Jun, am not a human!"
Speaking of this, she turned her head to look at Ye Xuan, "I'm sorry. That time, I lured you to save me and dragged you into my Tian family's whirlpool, implicating you!"
Ye Xuan was about to speak, but at this moment, both of them suddenly turned around. Not far away from them, there were two people walking towards them!
The Sage and Heavenly Mother!
The Sage looked at Ye Xuan, "You've obtained the universal law!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Damn it, this misunderstanding is too big!
That white-armored woman just left, and the seal here disappeared. Obviously, these two thought that they had obtained the universal law!
At this time, the Sage added, "Your excellency, we don't wish to be enemies with you. As long as you're willing to hand over the universal law, my Tian family will never be enemies with you!"
Ye Xuan smiled, "If I say that I didn't obtain the universal law, would you believe me?"
The Sage looked at Ye Xuan, "Do you think I will believe you?"
Ye Xuan smiled, "If I hand over the universal law, will you really let me go?"
The Sage nodded, "I will!"
Ye Xuan blinked his eyes, "Do you think I will believe you?"
The Sage squinted his eyes, "I know there's someone behind me, but do you know who I'm facing?
It's the Tian family!
Do you know the Tian family? "
Ye Xuan turned his head and looked at Wan Jun. Wan Jun calmly said, "The Tian family, the number one family in Styx Star Field, a super force. With a single flag, ten thousand worlds will surrender!"
Just as Ye Xuan was about to speak, Heavenly Mother suddenly said, "Why is there a need to talk nonsense with him?
In this Styx Star Field, why would my Tian family be afraid of anyone?
If there's someone behind him, we'll just eliminate them together! "
As her voice fell, she suddenly disappeared from her spot.
Chi!
The space in the field was suddenly torn apart!
At this moment, the surroundings had returned to normal because the universal law seal had completely disappeared!
...








Chapter 1530
Heavenly Mother's strength was above Ranjun's. Her first move was a killing move!
She didn't hold back at all!
Obviously, she wanted to kill Ye Xuan in one move. Because an expert at her level understood the importance of taking the initiative!
Since she wanted to kill someone, she had to give it her all!
The moment Heavenly Mother attacked, Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes.
At this moment, his mind suddenly became extremely clear!
There was a difference of three major realms between him and Heavenly Mother!
Three major realms!
Not to mention his current state, even if he had a God Realm physical body, he definitely wouldn't be Heavenly Mother's match. Even if he had the Undying Bloodline, he might not be able to do it.
The difference in realms was too great!
Moreover, an expert who could reach this level must be a monster among monsters. To challenge someone three realms above him?
That was impossible!
Between life and death!
The moment Heavenly Mother attacked, Ye Xuan realized that he had no chance of winning!
He could only die!
A hopeless situation!
It was different from when he fought Lady Ranjun. This time, it was a true hopeless situation because Heavenly Mother before him would absolutely not give him any chance!
Death!
Ye Xuan felt death again. This death was even more real than when his body was shattered!
Because he knew that the woman before him wouldn't give him any chance. If he couldn't take this attack, Ye Xuan's soul would be annihilated!
Death!
Since he was going to die, why think so much?
Death was the end!
Ye Xuan suddenly smiled!
At this moment, Ye Xuan's entire body relaxed. He had never felt so relaxed before.
Death wasn't scary. What was really scary was the moment he faced death.
Of course, facing death calmly didn't mean that he was going to be captured and let others do whatever they wanted.
Facing death calmly was facing death calmly. He wasn't afraid of death, and his heart was fearless!
This time, he really wasn't afraid of death!
Ye Xuan took a step forward and slashed with his sword!
This sword wasn't the Sword-Drawing Technique, nor was it an instant kill. It was just a simple sword!
A sword after facing death calmly!
A sword after having no fear in his heart!
Indifferent to life and death, fight if you're not satisfied!
A sword slashed out.
Boom!
A figure suddenly retreated violently. This figure retreated more than a hundred thousand feet!
This figure was not Ye Xuan, but the Heavenly Mother!
At this moment, the surroundings were deathly silent!
Beside Ye Xuan, Wan Jun, who was about to attack, looked at Ye Xuan in disbelief. "This … How is this possible …"
In the distance, the sage's eyes were also filled with disbelief!
In the starry sky above the Great Desolate Mountain Range, the Swordsman suddenly turned his head and his gaze landed on Ye Xuan. His eyes flashed with a hint of surprise, "The Sword Dao has yet to enter the Mortal Realm, but this sword has … Can it be played like this?"
As he spoke, he shook his head and smiled. "How interesting!"
In the forbidden area, Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes!
Had he entered the mortal realm?
No!
Ye Xuan could feel that his Sword Dao had yet to enter the mortal realm!
But that sword just now had entered the mortal realm!
This sword had already surpassed the realm!
In front of this sword, one's realm was meaningless!
Ye Xuan looked at the unparalleled sword in his hand and smiled. "Comprehended between life and death. Let's call it the Sword of Life and Death!"
The Sword of Life and Death!
This sword was a mortal sword!
In the truest sense of the word, it was a mortal sword!
In the distance, the Heavenly Mother looked at the cracked space around her. She was slightly stunned. After a while, she stared at Ye Xuan. "How is this possible!?"
As soon as she finished speaking, she suddenly disappeared on the spot. A ray of purple light tore through the space. Wherever the purple light passed, the space cracked inch by inch.
Qingcheng, Ye Clan, ancestral shrine.
"Ancestors above, Ye Xuan has no talent and no virtue … From now on, Ye Xuan's position as the Crown Prince will be replaced by Ye Lang."
The one who spoke was an old man in a black robe.
Not far behind the old man stood a youth with a faint smile on his face.
This person was Ye Lang.
On both sides were the Ye Clan's elders.
"Why!?"
At this moment, a timid voice suddenly rang out in the ancestral shrine.
Everyone turned to look and saw a little girl standing at the door. She was about 12 or 13 years old, and her hands were tightly gripping the hem of her skirt. Her face had a sickly pallor, and she looked a little weak. There was even a trace of fear in her eyes.
This little girl was called Ye Ling. She was Ye Xuan's younger sister. When she heard that the clan wanted to depose Ye Xuan, she rushed over despite her illness.
The black-robed old man frowned. "Ye Ling, what are you doing!?"
The little girl called Ye Ling bowed to the people in the ancestral shrine and said timidly, "Grand Elder, my brother Ye Xuan is the Crown Prince. Why did you cripple him for no reason?"
The Grand Elder looked coldly at Ye Ling. "This is a matter of the clan. Why are you interrupting?
Leave! "
Ye Ling was obviously afraid and did not dare to look at the Grand Elder. However, she did not leave. Instead, she mustered up her courage and walked into the ancestral shrine. She bowed again to the Elders on both sides, "Dear Elders, my brother is fighting with the Li Clan over the mining rights at Nanshan. He's fighting for the clan, and we don't know if he's dead or alive. Yet, the clan is using a groundless excuse to strip him of his position. This is unfair."
"Impudent!"
The Grand Elder suddenly raged, "Whether he's stripped or not, it's not up to a little girl like you to decide.
Men, drag her away. "
At this time, the new Crown Prince, Ye Lang, suddenly laughed, "He should be flogged 30 times as a warning to others!"
The Grand Elder replied coldly, "Then flog him 30 times!"
Very quickly, two Ye Clan's guards rushed in.
Ye Ling clenched her fists and said angrily, "This is unfair. My brother has risked his life for the clan for so many years. Even now, he's fighting for the clan. The clan is unfair to him …"
One of the guards glanced at the new Crown Prince, Ye Lang. He knew that his chance to shine had come.
The guard sneered, "Young Master Ye Lang inherits the Crown Prince's position. What are you yelling about?" As he spoke, he raised his hand and slapped Ye Ling's face.
Slap!
A crisp slap sounded. Ye Ling's right cheek instantly turned red and swollen. However, she didn't cry. She just clutched her cheek tightly.
Ye Lang looked at the guard and smiled, "What's your name?"
The guard hurriedly bowed, "This subordinate, Zhang Mu, greets the Crown Prince."
Ye Lang nodded, "You're not bad. After I become the Crown Prince, I'll need ten personal guards. You can be my personal guard from now on."
Hearing this, Zhang Mu was overjoyed. He hurriedly bowed deeply, "This subordinate will go through water and tread on fire for the Crown Prince.
Ye Lang nodded, "Drag him away. This person is causing trouble in the Ancestral Hall. Do not hold back. Understood?"
Zhang Mu glanced at Ye Lang. When he saw the killing intent in Ye Lang's eyes, he understood.
He immediately grabbed Ye Ling's hair and dragged her out.
At this time, Zhang Mu seemed to have seen something and stopped.
Within the Ancestral Hall, everyone turned their heads to look outside.
Not far from the Ancestral Hall, a young man was walking towards the Ancestral Hall. He was wearing a tight-fitting robe that was tattered and covered in blood.
This person was Ye Xuan, who had rushed back from the Nanshan!
Seeing Ye Xuan, Ye Lang's lips curled into a cold smile.
Within the Ancestral Hall, all the Elders were frowning.
The Great Elder narrowed his eyes. His face was dark and gloomy. No one knew what he was thinking.
From afar, when Ye Xuan saw Zhang Mu dragging Ye Ling, his face turned savage. "Who gave you the guts to touch my sister?"
When Zhang Mu saw Ye Xuan, his face changed. He quickly looked at Ye Lang and was about to speak. At this time, Ye Xuan leaped in front of him like a ferocious tiger. Before the latter could react, Ye Xuan's fist landed on his face.
Peng!
Zhang Mu felt his head spin, and he stumbled and fell.
Ye Lang did not stop there. He charged towards Zhang Mu again. At this time, Ye Lang suddenly roared, "Ye Xuan, he's my man. How dare you …"
Ye Xuan suddenly stepped on Zhang Mu's chest.
Pu!
Zhang Mu spat out a mouthful of blood.
Seeing this, Ye Lang's face turned ugly. Ye Xuan lifted his head to look at him, asking savagely, "Your man?"
As he spoke, he stomped on Zhang Mu's face.
Zhang Mu's face turned into a bloody mess, as he screamed, "Prince, save, save me …"
Ye Xuan did not care about Zhang Mu, as he walked to Ye Ling's side. Seeing Ye Ling's state, Ye Xuan felt as though his heart was being sliced apart. He clenched his fists, and his entire body trembled.
When Ye Ling saw Ye Xuan, her tears flowed, "Brother, it hurts, it hurts …"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan's expression turned savage. In the next instant, he charged in front of Zhang Mu and kicked Zhang Mu's head.
Peng!
Qingcheng, Ye Clan, Ancestral Hall.
"Ancestors, Ye Xuan has no talent, no virtue … From now on, Ye Xuan's position as Prince shall be replaced by Ye Lang."
The one who spoke was an old man in black robes.
Not far behind the old man, there was a youth with a faint smile on his face.
This person was Ye Lang.
On both sides, there were the Elders of the Ye Clan.
"Why!?"
Right at this moment, a slightly timid voice suddenly resounded within the ancestral hall.
Everyone turned to look and saw a little girl standing at the door. She was about 12 or 13 years old, and her hands were tightly gripping the hem of her skirt. Her face had a sickly pallor, and she looked a little weak. There was even a hint of fear in her eyes.
This girl was called Ye Ling, and she was Ye Xuan's younger sister. When she heard that Ye Xuan was to be replaced, she disregarded her illness and rushed over.
The black-robed old man frowned, "Ye Ling, what are you doing!?"
The little girl called Ye Ling bowed to everyone in the hall, as she asked timidly, "Great Elder, my brother, Ye Xuan, is the Prince. Why did you cripple him for no reason?"
The Great Elder looked at Ye Ling coldly, "This is a matter of the clan, what are you interrupting for?
Leave! "
Ye Ling was obviously afraid, not daring to look at the Great Elder, but she did not leave. Instead, she plucked up her courage and walked into the hall. Once again, she bowed to the Elders, "Dear Elders, my brother is fighting with the Li Clan over the mining rights at Nanshan. He is fighting for the clan, and it is unknown whether he is dead or alive. Yet, the clan is using a groundless excuse to strip him of his position. This is really unfair."
"Impudent!"
The Great Elder suddenly raged, "Whether or not he is crippled, it is not up to a little girl like you to decide.
Men, drag her away! "
At this time, the new Prince, Ye Lang, suddenly laughed, "You should be flogged 30 times as a warning to others!"
The Great Elder replied coldly, "Then flog him 30 times!"
Very quickly, two Ye Clan guards rushed in.
Ye Ling clenched her fists, and said angrily, "This is unfair! My brother has risked his life for the clan for so many years, and even now, he is fighting for the clan. The clan is unfair to him …"
One of the guards glanced at the new Prince, Ye Lang. He knew that this was his chance to shine.
The guard sneered, "Young Master Ye Lang inherits the position of Prince. What are you yelling about?" As he spoke, he raised his hand and slapped Ye Ling's face.
Slap!
A crisp slap sounded, and the right side of Ye Ling's face instantly swelled up. However, she did not cry, and only held her cheek tightly.
Ye Lang looked at the guard and smiled, "What's your name?"
The guard hurriedly bowed, "This subordinate, Zhang Mu, greets the Prince."
Ye Lang nodded, "You are very good. After I become the Prince, I will need ten guards. From now on, you will be my guard."
Hearing this, Zhang Mu was overjoyed, and hurriedly bowed deeply, "This subordinate is willing to go through fire and water for the Prince, even if it means death!"
Ye Lang nodded slightly, "Drag him away. This person is disturbing the ancestral hall, do not show mercy, understand?"
Zhang Mu glanced at Ye Lang, and when he saw the murderous intent in Ye Lang's eyes, he understood.
He immediately grabbed Ye Ling's hair and dragged her out.
At this moment, Zhang Mu did not know what he saw, but he suddenly stopped.
In the ancestral hall, everyone turned their heads to look outside.
Not far from the ancestral hall, a young man was walking towards the ancestral hall. The young man was wearing a tight-fitting robe, and the robe was tattered, and there was blood everywhere.
The young man was Ye Xuan, who had rushed back from Nanshan!
Seeing Ye Xuan, Ye Lang's mouth curled into a cold smile.
In the ancestral hall, the Elders frowned.
The Great Elder narrowed his eyes, and his expression was frighteningly gloomy. No one knew what he was thinking.
From afar, when Ye Xuan saw Zhang Mu dragging Ye Ling, his expression turned savage, "Who gave you the guts to touch my sister?"
When Zhang Mu saw Ye Xuan, his expression changed. He quickly looked at Ye Lang, and was about to speak, when Ye Xuan suddenly leaped in front of him like a ferocious tiger. Before the latter could react, Ye Xuan's fist landed on his face.
Peng!
Zhang Mu's head spun, and he stumbled and fell.
Ye Lang did not stop there, and he rushed towards Zhang Mu again. At this time, Ye Lang suddenly roared, "Ye Xuan, he's my man, how dare you …"
Ye Xuan suddenly stepped on Zhang Mu's chest.
Pu!
Zhang Mu spat out a mouthful of blood.
Seeing this, Ye Lang's expression turned ugly, while Ye Xuan lifted his head to look at him, asking savagely, "Your man?"
As he spoke, he stomped on Zhang Mu's face.
Zhang Mu's face turned into a bloody mess, as he screamed, "Prince, save, save me …"
Ye Xuan did not care about Zhang Mu, as he walked to Ye Ling's side. Seeing Ye Ling's appearance, Ye Xuan felt as though his heart was being sliced by a knife. He clenched his fists, and his entire body trembled.
When Ye Ling saw Ye Xuan, her tears flowed, "Brother, it hurts, it hurts …"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan's expression turned savage. In the next instant, he charged in front of Zhang Mu and kicked Zhang Mu's head.
Peng!








Chapter 1531
The sudden disappearance of the Door of Adversity caused Ye Xuan and the others to be slightly stunned!
Wasn't this fellow very arrogant just a moment ago?
Why did he suddenly run away!
Ye Xuan turned to look in the direction of the Desolate Mountain Range. Could it be because of the Swordsman?
He knew that the Door of Adversity was afraid of the Swordsman!
Right at this moment, a powerful aura suddenly surged from the horizon!
Seeing this scene, Wan Jun's expression instantly changed. She directly pulled on Ye Xuan's hand, "Let's go!"
As she spoke, she was about to leave with Ye Xuan, but at this moment, the Sage and Heavenly Mother blocked their way.
The Sage looked at Ye Xuan and Wan Jun, "You want to leave now?
It's too late! "
As soon as the Sage's voice fell, the space above their heads suddenly tore open. In the next moment, a middle-aged man walked out.
As this middle-aged man walked out, the entire world seemed to ripple like water!
Wan Jun glared at the middle-aged man who walked out, her eyes filled with undisguised killing intent!
The Tian family's Heavenly Master, Tian Lin!
One of the strongest powerhouses in the Nether River Star Field!
Tian Lin's gaze directly fell on Ye Xuan, "The Universal Law is on you!"
Obviously, he was here for the Universal Law!
Ye Xuan shook his head, "Not at all!"
Tian Lin chuckled, "Actually, I'm very curious about your origin. Because I've already investigated before coming here, there's no one like you in the entire Nether River Star Field. Logically speaking, a monstrous genius like you should be famous throughout the world!
However, it's like you appeared out of thin air. As for your origin, I couldn't find anything at all!
If I'm not wrong, you should be from somewhere else! "
Ye Xuan smiled, "If I said I came from the Disaster Realm, would you believe me?"
Tian Lin looked at Ye Xuan and smiled, "You want to use the Disaster Realm to suppress me?"
Ye Xuan shook his head and smiled, "Let's not talk nonsense!
If you're here for the Universal Law, then I can tell you that the Universal Law isn't on me. "
Tian Lin smiled, "Do you think I'll believe you?"
Ye Xuan waved the sword in his hand. "I am a Swordsman!
A Swordsman disdains lying! "
Tian Lin hadn't even spoken when the Heavenly Mother suddenly spoke coldly. "Bullshit!
You disdain to lie?
You're the most shameless Swordsman I've ever seen. I really don't understand how a showy person like you could have such a high level of cultivation in swordsmanship! "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
In the sky, Tian Lin smiled and said, "My Tian Family's Heavenly Teacher said that you are related to the future of my Tian Family. I understand what she means. She wants my Tian Family to rope you in, but I don't believe her. I feel that my Tian Family's fate is in our own hands."
As he spoke, he placed his right hand behind his back and said with a smile, "I know your identity isn't simple. Come, I'll give you a chance to call for help!"
Call for help!
Inside the World Prison Pagoda, the Door of Misfortune suddenly raised its head, its expression cold. "Idiot!"
Call for help!
These people were too stupid!
As soon as they saw Ye Xuan, they would directly beat him up!
They even gave him a chance to call for help?
Call your mother!
Let this guy call for help?
If he called for help, what was the point of fighting?
The Door of Misfortune was so angry that its chest hurt!
Both of its chests hurt!
She had no choice. Because she was currently being suppressed, she couldn't use the Karma Disaster Technique. Otherwise, she wouldn't have found people from the Tian Family to target Ye Xuan!
Because they were too stupid!
These people were here to train Ye Xuan.
Don't be afraid of a strong opponent, only afraid of a pig-like teammate!
Outside the World Prison Pagoda, Ye Xuan smiled and said, "My big brother usually doesn't make a move!"
Tian Lin smiled and said, "Big brother?"
Ye Xuan nodded and said, "He usually doesn't make a move!"
Tian Lin smiled and said calmly, "In that case, your big brother is very powerful?"
Ye Xuan said seriously, "Of course he's very powerful!"
Tian Lin revealed a playful smile and said, "How powerful is he?"
Ye Xuan thought for a moment and said, "Invincible!"
In his heart, Swordsman, Qing 'er, and that green clothed man were all invincible!
"Invincible?"
Tian Lin was stunned, and then he laughed and said, "You're saying that your big brother is invincible?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Tian Lin shook his head and smiled, "Then can you call your big brother over?
I want to see what it means to be invincible! "
Ye Xuan was about to speak when a furious voice suddenly resounded, "Who's calling your mother!?"
As soon as the voice resounded, a woman suddenly appeared not too far away from Ye Xuan.
It was the Door of Misfortune!
Ye Xuan was slightly stunned. Why has this woman appeared again!?
Tian Lin frowned slightly when she saw the Door of Misfortune. "Who are you!?"
The Door of Misfortune glanced coldly at Tian Lin and said, "Call someone, call someone. I'll call you ancestor!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she suddenly smashed her fist forward!
A bolt of Mysterious Blood Lightning flashed through the air.
Tian Lin's expression changed drastically when he witnessed this scene, and he swiftly raised his arms to block it.
Bang!
Tian Lin's figure was blasted flying, and he flew over 3km away. As soon as he stopped moving, his body instantly exploded into pieces!
The others were slightly stunned when they witnessed this scene.
Even Ye Xuan was slightly stunned. Doesn't she want me dead?
What was she trying to do?
At this moment, Tian Lin's mind had gone blank!
My body was blasted apart with a single punch?
Right at this moment, the Door of Misfortune suddenly clenched through the air and grabbed Tian Lin's throat. She gazed coldly at Tian Lin and said, "I don't understand!
Do you think you're very strong?
Call someone?
Are you an idiot?
If you want to kill him, then just do it!
Who do you want him to call?
I'll call your mother! "
As she spoke, she suddenly exerted force!
Bang!
Tian Lin's soul exploded apart. However, in the next moment, the space around him trembled, and then a soul suddenly condensed into form!
It was Tian Lin!
Ye Xuan was slightly shocked when he witnessed this scene. You can do that?
Meanwhile, Wan Jun said, "This is the Soul Condensation Technique, the supreme secret technique of my Tian Family!
It can condense a shattered soul three times in a day! "
Ye Xuan nodded, "Not bad!"
In the distance, the Door of Misfortune gazed at Tian Lin. Tian Lin's expression was extremely solemn, "You're his big brother?"
Ye Xuan, "…"
The Door of Misfortune flew into a rage when she heard this, "I'm your ancestor!"
As she spoke, she was about to attack when Tian Lin suddenly said hurriedly, "Your Excellency, please wait. My Tian Family surrenders!"
Surrenders!
Ye Xuan, "…"
The Sage and Heavenly Mother were slightly stunned as well. Surrenders just like that?
Tian Lin's expression was extremely unsightly!
As soon as they exchanged blows just now, he knew that he wasn't a match for this woman!
Not at all!
He could only choose to surrender!
Tian Lin looked at the Door of Misfortune and cupped his fists, "Your Excellency, this is all a misunderstanding!
My Tian Family didn't know that this Young Master Ye is one of your people. If my Tian Family had known that he was one of your people, even if my Tian Family had a hundred guts, I wouldn't have targeted him! "
Ye Xuan's expression became somewhat strange.
The Door of Misfortune looked at Tian Lin and didn't speak. However, its expression became increasingly gloomy.
Seeing this, Tian Lin hesitated for a moment before bowing respectfully to Ye Xuan, "Young Master Ye, everything that happened before was a misunderstanding. I represent the Tian Family to apologize to Young Master Ye!"
Ye Xuan hurriedly said, "It's a misunderstanding!
It's all a misunderstanding!
I forgive all of you! "
Tian Lin was slightly taken aback. So easy to talk to?
At this moment, Ye Xuan spoke again, "It's all a misunderstanding, a huge misunderstanding. I'm willing to be on good terms with the Tian Family. From now on, I'll share life and death with the Tian Family!"
Tian Lin was stunned, and then he smiled, "I didn't expect you to be so understanding and reasonable!
I also guarantee you that from now on, my Tian Family will share life and death with you. Whoever makes an enemy of you will be making an enemy of my Tian Family. My Tian Family will be the first to not let them off! "
As he spoke, he glanced at the Door of Misfortune, but he noticed that the woman's expression was even gloomier than before.
What's going on?
Could it be that this big shot isn't satisfied?
Tian Lin was puzzled.
At this moment, the Holy Mother behind Tian Lin was about to speak, but Ye Xuan beat her to it. "Sect Leader Tian Lin, are my enemies the Tian Family's enemies?"
Tian Lin smiled, "Of course!"
Ye Xuan said in a serious tone, "I'm very touched!
Really! "
Tian Lin felt that something wasn't right. He suddenly turned his head, and at this moment, a bolt of lightning suddenly struck him.
Boom!
Tian Lin's soul directly exploded, but a moment later, his soul condensed once more.
Soul Consolidation Technique!
Seeing this scene, Ye Xuan was somewhat shocked. He was a little tempted by this Soul Consolidation Technique!
This thing was equivalent to having three more lives at a critical moment!
At this moment, Wan Jun, who was beside Ye Xuan, suddenly said, "You like this Soul Consolidation Technique?"
Ye Xuan nodded vigorously.
Wan Jun said, "I'll teach you when the time comes!"
Ye Xuan blinked. "Okay!"
Wan Jun shook her head, "You don't have to be so polite!"
Ye Xuan smiled, "We're on the same side. There's no need to be polite!"
We're on the same side!
Wan Jun's expression changed subtly.
In the distance, Tian Lin looked at the Door of Misfortune, a little confused. "Senior … what do you mean?"
The Door of Misfortune coldly stared at Tian Lin. "Take a guess!"
Tian Lin glanced at Ye Xuan, "Little friend, hasn't our misunderstanding been resolved?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Yes!"
Tian Lin was a little confused, "Then this senior …"
Ye Xuan looked at the Door of Misfortune in the distance, a little displeased, "Little Misfortune, how can you be like this?
They've already admitted their mistake!
How can you be so unforgiving?
You!
You've really gone too far! "
The Door of Misfortune turned to look at Ye Xuan, angrily saying, "Shut up!"
Ye Xuan blinked, "Little Misfortune, you can't be like this. You should win people over with virtue, you …"
At this moment, two blood-colored lightning bolts suddenly appeared on the hands of the Door of Misfortune. Seeing this, Ye Xuan hurriedly shut his mouth.
Although the Door of Misfortune was suppressed by sword qi, even if it was suppressed, this thing was still a little too ridiculously strong!
The Door of Misfortune coldly looked at Ye Xuan, then turned to look at Tian Lin, "You idiot!"
As she spoke, she was about to attack, but at this time, Tianlin suddenly pointed angrily at the Door of Disaster. "You've gone too far!"
As the sound of his voice faded, he waved his right hand. The sky suddenly split open, and then he took out a token. "Welcome, ancestor!"
Boom!
The token soared into the sky!
Summoning the ancestor!
In the distance, Ye Xuan blinked his eyes. This was a little too much!
.....
!!








Chapter 1532
Ancestor Summoning!
Ye Xuan was a little surprised. Of course, he was more curious.
Would the Tian family's ancestor be able to destroy the Door of Disaster?
Ye Xuan glanced at the Door of Disaster. The Door of Disaster stood there with a calm expression. There was no fluctuation in its eyes.
Seeing this, Ye Xuan's expression darkened. The Tian family's ancestor might not be able to kill this woman!
He looked at Tianlin again. Tianlin's expression was extremely ferocious!
Anger!
He, the dignified head of the Tian family, had already lowered his voice and compromised. Yet this woman was still unwilling to let him go!
She was too much!
Even a clay figurine had some anger!
In the sky, the token suddenly turned into nothingness. At the same time, a white-haired old man appeared in the sky.
With the appearance of this white-haired old man, an invisible pressure suddenly spread between heaven and earth. In an instant, the entire world trembled as if it could not withstand this old man!
Seeing this, Ye Xuan's expression gradually became solemn.
This old man looked quite fierce!
Wanjun suddenly said softly, "Tian Qian!
The strongest ancestor in the history of the Tian family!
He was also the one who brought the Tian family to its peak. Even the Tian family does not know how strong he is! "
Ye Xuan looked at the Door of Disaster in the distance. The Door of Disaster's expression was still very calm!
After a moment of silence, Ye Xuan suddenly grabbed Wanjun's hand. "Let's go!"
With that, he was about to leave with Wanjun.
He knew that other than the three swords, no one could destroy the Door of Disaster!
Not even Sister Nian and Tu!
This woman was a bit heaven-defying!
If she had not been suppressed by Swordsman's sword energy, she would probably be even more abnormal!
It was better to escape first!
At this moment, the old man in the sky suddenly said, "Little friend, please wait!"
Ye Xuan stopped and turned to look at Tian Qian in the sky. "Senior, what's the matter?"
Tian Qian glanced at the Door of Adversity, then looked at Ye Xuan and said with a smile, "Little friend, this happened because of you. Isn't it a little unkind for you to leave like this?"
Ye Xuan blinked. "Senior, it has nothing to do with me!"
Tian Qian shook his head and smiled, "Little friend, this old man already knows the ins and outs of the matter.
I don't have any other meaning. My Tian family facing such a calamity is all because of the stupidity of our Tian family's head. "
As he spoke, he turned to look at the Door of Disaster and bowed slightly. "Miss, the Tian family has never shown any disrespect to the Disaster Realm. I hope you will be magnanimous."
Tian Lin's expression instantly became extremely unsightly when he saw Tian Gan admit defeat.
He was not stupid. He knew that he had kicked an iron plate this time!
This woman in front of him isn't someone the Tian family can afford to provoke.
At this moment, the Heavenly Mother suddenly walked to Tian Lin's side and said a few words in a low voice.
A moment later, Tian Lin's pupils suddenly shrank. He raised his head and glared angrily at Ye Xuan in the distance. "She's not your brother at all!"
Ye Xuan said with a straight face, "I never said that she's my brother!"
Tian Lin stared at Ye Xuan before he died. "You tricked me!"
Ye Xuan was somewhat innocent. "You're the one who said that you want to live and die with me … I didn't force you!
You even said that my enemy is your enemy … To be honest, I'm very touched, really! "
Tian Lin was so angry that his liver almost exploded!
What kind of words were these?
The Heavenly Mother's expression was incomparably gloomy. It wasn't that she didn't want to tell Tian Lin earlier, but she was also dumbfounded by the Door of Adversity's operation!
This woman had instigated them to kill Ye Xuan in the beginning, but now, this woman was suddenly helping Ye Xuan!
What kind of operation was this?
Actually, forget about the Heavenly Mother, even Ye Xuan was a little confused at the beginning.
This was because he didn't expect the Door of Adversity to suddenly attack Tian Lin!
After thinking about it, he could only think of one possibility, and that was that this woman wasn't normal.
At this moment, Tian Lin suddenly glared at Ye Xuan. "Since she's not your brother, then who is your brother?
You … "
In the distance, the Door of Adversity suddenly slapped out.
Boom!
Tian Lin was directly struck by a blood lightning, and his soul instantly shattered. However, very quickly, Tian Lin's soul condensed once again!
However, at this moment, his soul was incomparably illusory, as if it was transparent.
This was the last time it condensed his soul!
Tian Lin was slightly stunned by the attack.
The Door of Adversity stared at Tian Lin with an incomparably cold expression. "Brother, brother!
Will you die if you don't mention him? "
Ye Xuan: "…"
Tian Lin's expression was incomparably ferocious. "Woman, what is the meaning of this!
My Tian family targeted him, and you came to attack us. When we didn't target him, you attacked us. Is there something wrong with your brain?
You … "
At this moment, the Heaven's Wrath suddenly sighed. The next moment, he waved his right hand.
Boom!
Tian Lin was directly suppressed by a powerful force!
Tian Lin raised his head and looked at Tian Qian. "I refuse to accept this!"
Tian Qian shook his head. "Silly child, can't you see the situation clearly?"
As he said that, he glanced at Ye Xuan in the distance. "This lady and this little friend are enemies, but this little friend is still alive. Moreover, he's living very arrogantly. Do you understand?"
Hearing this, Tian Lin's entire body froze.
He naturally understood what Tian Qian meant!
At this moment, he finally regained his senses!
That's right!
This woman and this young man were enemies, but this young man was still alive. What did this mean?
This meant that this young man wasn't simple either!
The Tian family couldn't afford to offend this woman, and similarly, they couldn't afford to offend this young man!
This was a fight between immortals, and mortals suffered!
Thinking of this, Tian Lin slowly closed his eyes.
In fact, the Tian family shouldn't have gotten involved in the first place. It was all because of the Universal Law!
This time, he didn't come to save the Emperor, but for the Universal Law!
Everyone in the world knew that there was a Universal Law here. Now that this place had returned to normal, it was obvious that the Universal Law had been obtained by someone!
How greedy!
Tian Lin sighed softly. He glanced at the Door of Disaster below. At this moment, he understood what it meant by there would always be someone better than you out there!
The Tian family had been living too comfortably these past few years!
In the entire Nether River Star Field, who dared to go against the Tian family?
Over time, the Tian family had become arrogant!
Even if it was him, he had become incomparably arrogant!
He felt that there was no one in this starry sky that the Tian family couldn't destroy!
Arrogant!
Arrogant!
Thinking of this, Tian Lin deeply bowed towards the Door of Disaster. "I've troubled you previously. Please be magnanimous and spare this one's life."
Cower?
It wasn't shameful to cower in front of such an expert!
The Door of Disaster looked at Tian Lin. "If apologies were useful, why would I still practice martial arts?"
As her voice fell, she waved her right hand.
Boom!
Tian Lin's soul was directly erased by a blood lightning!
Completely erased!
This time, his soul was truly destroyed!
At the side, Ye Xuan glanced at the Door of Disaster. This woman had character!
Tian Qian looked at the Door of Disaster below. "I wonder if you're satisfied?"
The Door of Disaster looked at Tian Qian. "Why?
Are you not satisfied with what you said? "
Tian Qian smiled. "I don't dare to be dissatisfied!"
The Door of Disaster slowly walked towards Tian Qian. "Do you think you're a big shot?"
Tian Qian frowned slightly. What was wrong with this woman?
She was so angry!
Chi la!
At this moment, more than ten blood lightning bolts suddenly appeared around the Door of Disaster!
The expressions of everyone in the surroundings changed when these bolts of blood red divine lightning appeared!
Even Ye Xuan's expression became extremely solemn.
Back then, his God Realm physical body was as fragile as paper in front of this divine lightning!
Even Nian Nian could only barely withstand the divine lightning!
In the sky, Tian Qian said solemnly, "Your Excellency, my Tian family is convinced!"
The Door of Adversity stopped in its tracks. She threw a cold look at Tian Qian and then at Ye Xuan. She stared at Ye Xuan without hiding the murderous intent in her eyes.
This killing intent sent chills down one's spine!
Ye Xuan smiled. "I'm convinced too!
Don't hit me! "
Tian Qian was speechless.
The Door of Disaster suddenly walked towards Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan's eyelids twitched. This woman wouldn't go crazy, right?
He knew that this woman had been infuriated recently.
The Door of Disaster walked in front of Ye Xuan. She was very close to Ye Xuan. Two blood lightning bolts circled around her arms.
Behind Ye Xuan, La Jun suddenly walked to Ye Xuan's side. She looked at the Door of Disaster and slowly clenched her right hand.
The Door of Disaster looked at Ye Xuan. After a long time, she smiled and said, "I have a suggestion. Do you want to hear it?"
Ye Xuan was a little curious. "What suggestion?"
The Door of Disaster said seriously, "Do you want to reach the Mortal Sword Realm?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
The Door of Disaster said seriously, "It's useless for you to train like this."
Ye Xuan was a little puzzled. "Why is that?"
The Door of Disaster said, "Because you have Big Brother behind you. Think about it. If you let your Big Brother follow you all the time, under such circumstances, you will feel that you are not afraid of anything because he will support you!
Under such circumstances, you will not be able to truly grow! "
Ye Xuan thought for a while and then said, "You do have a point!"
The Door of Disaster smiled. "Yes!
If you really want to reach the Mortal Sword Realm and grow, you cannot have a backer. A backer will be a burden to you. So, you should let your Big Brother leave. That way, you will be able to grow! "
Ye Xuan hesitated and said, "If my Big Brother leaves, will you beat me to death?"
The Door of Disaster blinked. "Don't you want to train?"
Ye Xuan was furious. "Train?
Train your grandma!
How many levels higher are you than me?
Are there five?
You are bullying the weak and won't let me call for help. Do you think I am stupid? "
The Door of Disaster stared at Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan said angrily, "What are you looking at?"
As he said that, he slapped his face. "Come, hit me!
Kill me if you can! "
The Door of Disaster clenched its fists. Lightning surged around it and a formless pressure caused the world to tremble.
Ye Xuan suddenly clapped his hands and twisted his butt. Beaming, he said, "My elder brother is awesome. My younger sister is awesome. I want to rely on my elder brother. I want to rely on my younger sister. Come and hit me!
Come and hit me!
I really want to be hit!
You … "
"Ah!"
The Door of Disaster suddenly roared angrily. It suddenly slapped out.
It was not aimed at Ye Xuan but at the distant sky.
Boom!
Before Tian Qian could react, he was struck by a bolt of blood lightning.
In the sky, the soul of Heavenly Wrath that was about to disappear was confused. "He is shameless. What does that have to do with me …"
Everyone: "…"
...
PS: Everyone can join the group: 1067154732.
Welcome to complain, chat, and act cool!!!
Group leader's photo!!!








Chapter 1533
The sky was filled with flashes of blood-red lightning, and its might was oppressive.
The Door of Disaster stared at Ye Xuan with lightning flashing in its eyes.
Killing intent!
An invisible killing intent filled the surroundings, and the target of this killing intent was Ye Xuan.
Beside Ye Xuan, Wan Jun's expression was extremely solemn.
She had never sensed such a powerful killing intent before!
She was puzzled. The Door of Disaster clearly wanted to kill Ye Xuan, but it did not make a move!
Why was that?
From the looks of it, even if Ye Xuan's sword had reached Mortal Mode, he was still no match for the Door of Disaster!
At that moment, she thought of Ye Xuan's big brother!
How strong was that big brother?
To think that this woman was so afraid of him!
Wan Jun's heart was filled with curiosity!
At that moment, the Door of Disaster suddenly pointed at Ye Xuan. "Just you wait, you b * tch!"
After saying that, it returned to the Prison Pagoda.
As the Door of Disaster disappeared, the blood-red lightning instantly disappeared without a trace.
In the end, she did not choose to make a move. To be more precise, she did not dare to!
The Swordsman had let Ye Xuan out to train, but that did not mean that he would really let Ye Xuan be killed. In particular, if she made a move, the Swordsman would definitely make a move.
This was because her strength was much higher than Ye Xuan's!
The Swordsman would not allow her to make a move against Ye Xuan!
After the Door of Disaster disappeared, the smile on Ye Xuan's face also disappeared.
He had purposely provoked the Door of Disaster, but he knew very well that his current strength was still insufficient to contend against the Door of Disaster!
Most importantly, the white-armored woman had said that the Door of Disaster was not the Disaster Law. The Disaster Law was even stronger than the Door of Disaster!
Moreover, from the white-armored woman's words, it seemed that he had not only defied the Disaster Law, but also the Karma Law, the Time Law, the Life Law …
In other words, he had offended at least half of the nine universal laws!
Thinking of this, Ye Xuan shook his head and sighed. "It's too difficult for me!"
Meanwhile, the space in the distance suddenly split open, and then a woman walked out of it.
The woman wore a long white dress and held an ancient book in her hand.
When they saw this woman, the Sage and the Heavenly Mother hurriedly bowed slightly. "Heavenly Teacher!"
Heavenly Master!
His position in the Tian family is only second to the Clan Head!
Now that Tian Master had fallen, this Tian family naturally belongs to Master Tianshi.
The Celestial Master nodded. She then looked at Wan Jun in the distance with a complicated expression. "It's been hard on you all these years!"
Huajun fell silent.
She did not hate the Celestial Master. If not for the Celestial Master's protection, she would not have survived at all!
The Celestial Master opened her palm and a black seal suddenly flew into her hand from afar. With a light tap of her fingers, the black seal floated in front of Lan Jun. "From this moment on, you are the Patriarch of my Tian Family!"
The Heavenly Mother's expression instantly changed when she heard this!
One had to know that Wan Jun hated the Tian Family very much. Once she became the Family Head, if there was a purge …
The Heavenly Teacher glanced at the Sage and the Heavenly Mother. "The Tian Family will be fine!"
The Sage hesitated for a moment and said. "Heavenly Teacher … should we inform the elders about this?"
The Sage was expressionless. "They have already agreed!"
The Sage did not say anything else.
The Celestial Master and the elders had agreed. This matter was basically set in stone!
The Celestial Master walked in front of Wan Jun. Wan Jun did not take the black seal.
The Celestial Master looked at Wan Jun. "If you want to clear father's grievances, you must become the Patriarch."
Wan Jun shook her head. "What's the use of clearing the grievances?
They are already dead! "
The Celestial Master shook her head. "You cannot think like this!
Now, you can change the Tian Family! "
Wan Jun looked at the Celestial Master.
The Celestial Master said softly. "All these years, the Tian Family's path has become narrower and narrower. It needs reform!"
Wan Jun looked at the Celestial Master. "Why not become the Tian Family Lord?"
The Celestial Master shook her head. "I am not suitable!
But suitable! "
Wan Jun frowned. "Why?"
The Celestial Master looked at Wan Jun. "Because that position has always been yours!"
Wan Jun's hands slowly clenched!
It had always been hers!
In the past, her father was the Tian Family Lord and she was the Tian Family's Young Master. But then something happened. The position of the Tian Family Lord was taken by Tian Lin!
The Celestial Master said again. "We should take back what originally belonged to father!"
After a moment of silence, Wan Jun suddenly turned to look at Ye Xuan. "What do you think?"
Ye Xuan was slightly stunned. He did not expect Wan Jun to suddenly ask him this question!
Ye Xuan thought for a moment. "This is an internal matter of the Tian Family!"
Wan Jun looked at Ye Xuan. "I want to hear your opinion!"
Ye Xuan pondered for a moment. "My opinion is not suitable!"
Wan Jun was stunned. Then she smiled. "Why?"
Ye Xuan glanced at the Celestial Master. "When father was in trouble, how did the Tian Family treat our family?
To be honest, I don't think such a cold-blooded family is worth staying!
Moreover, this lady's motive for making her the Patriarch is not that simple! "
As he spoke, Ye Xuan kept staring at the Celestial Master.
The Celestial Master looked at Ye Xuan. "Young Master Ye, the Tian Family is her home!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "It's her home?
Then why did you watch her family get destroyed?
I know it's for the sake of Daquan!
For a family like yours, Daquan is equivalent to sacrificing anyone!
Am I right? "
The Celestial Master was silent.
Ye Xuan continued. "If I were Miss Wan Jun, I would destroy the Tian Family!"
The Celestial Master frowned. "Young Master Ye, …"
Ye Xuan smiled. "But I can see that Miss Wan Jun doesn't have that much hatred for the Tian Family anymore!
That's because the culprit is dead! "
Having said that, he looked at Wan Jun. "Wan Jun, as a friend, my advice is not to go back!
Of course, it's still up to you. I respect and support your decision! "
Wan Jun smiled sweetly. "Then I won't go back!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Alright!
What do you plan to do next? "
After a moment of silence, Wan Jun said, "Can I follow?"
Ye Xuan was stunned.
Wan Jun smiled. "I'm just joking!
I'm going to Sword Abyss because my father died there. I want to see that place! "
Sword Abyss!
Ye Xuan subconsciously asked, "Do you need me to go with you?"
Wan Jun immediately said, "Yes!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Wan Jun smiled. "From your expression, you don't seem too willing!"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "It's not that I don't want to, but my intuition tells me that something bad might happen if I go with you!"
Wan Jun asked, "The cause of calamity?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes!"
Wan Jun smiled. "I'm not afraid!"
Ye Xuan shook his head and smiled. "Wan Jun, do you know?
If it's not my big brother, anyone who follows me will suffer a calamity. "
He naturally would not forget that terrifying calamity!
Even Nian Nian and Tu seemed so powerless in the face of that calamity!
Wan Jun faced Ye Xuan. "I've said it!
After saving me, we'll bear any karma together! "
Ye Xuan hesitated and was about to speak when Wan Jun suddenly said, "I'm not afraid, so what's there to be afraid of?
Or do you think I'm pestering you? "
Ye Xuan hurriedly shook his head. "Of course not!
I … "
Wan Jun said, "Then let's go to Sword Abyss!"
Saying that, she pulled Ye Xuan and turned to leave.
After Ye Xuan and Wan Jun left, the Heavenly Master suddenly shook his head and said softly, "No matter what, I must be the family head!"
The Heavenly Mother looked at the Heavenly Master. "Heavenly Master, is it because of that youth that you insist on choosing Wan Jun?"
The Heavenly Master nodded.
The Heavenly Mother was puzzled. "Why?
He's a person with a calamity body! "
The Heavenly Master looked at the distant horizon and said softly, "A person with a calamity body can live until now … and live so comfortably … What does this mean?
It means that there's someone behind him who can defy the laws of the universe!
If our Tian family can hug this leg, our Tian family will be able to rise to the next level, and even jump out of this Nether River Star Field … "
Saying that, she turned to look at the Heavenly Mother. "The fall of the Heavenly Master will definitely cause quite a stir. Some forces that were suppressed by our Tian family back then will probably cause trouble, especially the Sage Sect!
The two of you will go back to the Tian family and recall all the experts of our Tian family outside. "
The Sage said in a deep voice, "Heavenly Master, Wan Jun is currently very resistant to our Tian family. If we want her to be the family head, I'm afraid …"
The Heavenly Master said, "I'll handle this matter!"
The Sage glanced at the Heavenly Master. "Good!
Then I'll return to the family with the Heavenly Mother! "
After saying that, he and the Heavenly Mother disappeared.
The Heavenly Master also turned and disappeared into the distant horizon.
...
Not long after the Heavenly Master disappeared, a woman appeared in the field.
It was the white-armored woman from before!
The white-armored woman looked into the distance with a gloomy expression.
She didn't expect to encounter the Gate of Adversity here. It wasn't a good thing to encounter the Gate of Adversity here!
A moment later, the white-armored woman said softly, "Damn it!"
After saying that, she disappeared.
...
In the starry sky, Ye Xuan was flying on his sword with Wan Jun by his side.
Wan Jun said softly, "This Sword Abyss is one of the two forbidden areas of our Nether River Star Field. Its degree of danger is second only to the forbidden areas of humans."
Ye Xuan asked, "Why is it a forbidden area?"
Wan Jun said, "Legend has it that a Swordsman used his sword there. It was that sword that directly turned a large world there into an abyss, which is the Sword Abyss. The reason why it's dangerous is because there's an extremely terrifying and brutal Sword Dao will there. The deeper you go, the stronger the Sword Dao will!"
Swordsman!
Ye Xuan immediately became interested and quickly asked, "Is it very strong?"
Wan Jun nodded with an incomparably solemn expression. "Very, very strong!
Ordinary experts can't even get close to the Sword Abyss … "
After saying that, she paused and said, "Actually, strictly speaking, that place is more dangerous than this forbidden area. However, you can choose that place because if you can't go any further, you can retreat. But once you enter this forbidden area, it's basically impossible to get out."
Ye Xuan frowned slightly. "If it's so dangerous, why do so many people go there?"
Wan Jun said in a low voice, "Because a Spirit Ancestor once appeared there. It's said that the Spirit Ancestor buried a box there!"
A box!
Ye Xuan was stunned for a moment. The next moment, he directly jumped up. "Spirit Ancestor?
A box?
Is it that little white guy!? "
Wan Jun looked at Ye Xuan, a little surprised. "It's said that the Spirit Ancestor's entire body is snow-white … Do you know him?"
Ye Xuan was a little dumbfounded.
Know him?
Of course he knew him!
As if thinking of something, he suddenly said, "Swordsman … The one who used the sword … Don't tell me it's that green-robed man!
That can't be!
That green-robed man has a gentle temperament. How can his Sword Dao will be brutal? "
At this moment, Xiao Ta suddenly said timidly, "Young Master … gentle temperament … This word really doesn't suit Master … You should use another word!"
Ye Xuan: "…"
...
PS: It's not that I'm late, but every time Zongheng updates the system, it needs to be reviewed!!








Chapter 1534
Gentle temperament?
Xiao Ta was speechless.
Until now, it could not forget its blood-red master!
At that time, besides Xiao Bai, he would kill anyone!
He even killed it!
In short, its master went crazy and did not recognize his own family!
Hearing Xiao Ta's words, Ye Xuan was confused. "I think your master's temper is quite good!"
Xiao Ta: "…"
Ye Xuan asked again. "Is it not good?"
Xiao Ta was silent for a moment, then said: "He is quite good to his own people, and his temper was not bad!
His temper was really bad in the beginning, sigh, when I followed master, master at that time … he was simply a pervert!
One word of disagreement, he would kill your mother … Basically, no matter where he went, that world would be destroyed … He was simply a malefic.
Moreover, he is even more troublesome than you, young master … Young master, trouble comes to you, but many of master's troubles were caused by him … "
Speaking up to this point, it paused, then said: "Actually, young master, you are very fortunate!"
"Fortunate?"
Ye Xuan was confused. "Xiao Ta, you said I am fortunate?"
Xiao Ta said: "Compared to master before, you are really fortunate!
Master in the past was really miserable!
Back then, he fought his way out with real swords and spears. Behind him, there were millions of corpses. How could his bloodline break through?
Because he was really crazy … Moreover, the people that master cared about in the past, too many died!
For example, Grandpa Mu, master's mother, master's father … Especially the last battle that year, that battle, sister A'xiu and sister Qi Bi Tian died in the battle, and two sisters Tian Ming also died in the battle … Er Ya and Xiao Bai were almost killed by that terrifying woman!
That woman … "
Speaking up to this point, Xiao Ta seemed to have thought of something, his voice actually trembled.
Ye Xuan said in a low voice: "You mean Qing 'er?"
Xiao Ta hurriedly said: "Yes, yes, that's her!
Her name is Tian Ming!
The strongest Tian Ming!
If it weren't for Swordsman's help in that battle, everyone would have died!
Even with the help of that Swordsman, Master still couldn't kill that woman … That woman is terrifying! "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Wan Jun felt a little curious.
Who is Xiao Ta's master?
Also, who was the woman Xiao Ta was talking about?
Meanwhile, Xiao Ta said, "Although Master's temper isn't good, as long as you don't provoke him, he won't take the initiative to bully others!
As for that woman … It's no longer a matter of whether she has a good temper or not. I feel that she dislikes everyone … "
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "Xiao Ta, I think Qing 'er has a good temper!"
Xiao Ta suddenly jumped up, "Young Master, don't joke around!
She has a good temper?
My God … "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Wan Jun suddenly said, "Xiao Ta, your Young Master has a Body of Adversity!
Those who have the Body of Adversity will be plagued by adversity for the rest of their lives … "
Xiao Ta said angrily, "The Body of Adversity is nothing!
Master can kill the motherf * cking Cause of Adversity with one slash! "
"Hehe!"
Inside the Prison Pagoda, the Door of Adversity suddenly laughed coldly.
Xiao Ta suddenly ran to the ninth floor. "Xiao Er, are you unhappy?"
The Door of Adversity said angrily, "Get lost, I don't want to talk to you!"
If it weren't for that Swordsman sealing her abilities, she would have smashed this stupid pagoda to pieces!
Compared to Ye Xuan, she was even more displeased with this stupid pagoda!
Ye Xuan was despicable, but this stupid pagoda was annoying, extremely annoying!
Xiao Ta did not leave, but continued to say, "Xiao Er, have some manners!"
The Door of Adversity stared at Xiao Ta. "You're talking about manners with me?
Are you trying to make me laugh to death and inherit my pagoda? "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Xiao Ta said, "Xiao Er, I didn't scold you, did I?"
The Door of Adversity was expressionless. "Can you get lost?"
Xiao Ta jumped up and down. "I won't!
Hit me then! "
The Door of Adversity stared at Xiao Ta. She did not make a move, because she could not do anything to this stupid pagoda in her current state!
In fact, this Xiao Ta was more terrifying than the experts outside.
She could kill an Eternal Realm expert in seconds, but she could not do anything to this Xiao Ta. This Xiao Ta was too tough!
Only in her normal state could she defeat this Xiao Ta!
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Miss Xiao Er, can I ask you a question?"
The Door of Adversity looked up. "You get lost too!
You and this stupid pagoda are both despicable!
I don't want to talk to you! "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Beside him, Wan Jun shook her head and smiled. "Miss Xiao Er, why must you kill him?
Just because he has a Disaster Body? "
Ye Xuan looked at Wan Jun. Wan Jun had asked exactly what he wanted to ask. This girl knew what he was thinking. Could she be interested in him?
Inside the Prison Pagoda, the Door of Adversity said calmly, "Isn't that enough?"
Wan Jun frowned. "Then you're too overbearing!"
The Door of Adversity looked up and sneered. "Overbearing?
Are you joking?
Do you know why he has a Disaster Body? "
Wan Jun shook her head. "I don't!"
The Door of Adversity said coldly, "There are three reasons. First, he himself.
Second, his father. Third, his sister! "
Ye Xuan was confused. "What do you mean?"
The Door of Adversity was expressionless. "What do you mean?
Do you know how deep the sin your father and your sister committed back then was?
Especially when the two of them forcefully went against the heavens in order to save some people. They disrupted the laws and order of the universe, causing cracks to appear in them … Do you know how serious the consequences were? "
Ye Xuan frowned. "You can just look for them for what they did!
Why did they bully me?
Don't tell me they're just bullying the weak and fearing the strong! "
The Door of Adversity said angrily, "Do you think you're innocent?"
Ye Xuan said angrily, "Of course I'm innocent!
I'm the scapegoat. Who else would I be innocent if not? "
The Door of Adversity's voice suddenly grew louder. "Innocent my ass!
It's all your own doing. Innocent my ass! "
Ye Xuan was confused. "What do you mean by myself?"
The Door of Adversity's expression was extremely cold. "Do you know who you are?"
Ye Xuan said, "I'm Ye Xuan!"
The Door of Adversity shook its head. "I'm speechless!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The Door of Adversity said again, "You're that woman's brother, but do you know what your past life was like?
You definitely don't know, because none of us know! "
Ye Xuan blinked in disbelief. "What the heck? You mean to say that the life in which I was Qing 'er's brother's brother wasn't simple?"
The Door of Adversity fell silent for a moment before saying, "From what we know, you've been going against the heavens since the beginning. There was a period of time when the reincarnation laws were disrupted. It was also because of that time that the reincarnation laws were heavily injured. According to our calculations, it was definitely your doing!
However, we don't know who you were in your past life.
We only know that mysterious person was the first person to break the laws and reincarnate! "
Ye Xuan said excitedly, "So you're saying that my past life was a superpower?"
The Door of Adversity was expressionless. "Why? You seem very happy?"
Ye Xuan was about to speak when the Door of Adversity said angrily, "You're a pig!
That person reincarnated, but it wasn't a true reincarnation. His body, soul, and memories were reincarnated together. Simply put, you were a sacrifice chosen by him. Once he regained his memories, you would cease to exist.
Unfortunately, he reincarnated and became that woman's brother. Furthermore, he was unlucky and died before he regained his memories!
Most importantly, that woman woke up!
Did you know?
After that woman woke up, she defied the heavens again and disrupted the reincarnation laws to forcefully change your fate! "
Ye Xuan was silent for a moment before saying, "The mysterious person you mentioned, has he already reincarnated?"
The Door of Adversity said, "No!
He's still you! "
Ye Xuan was puzzled. "Isn't he dead?"
The Door of Adversity said angrily, "In that life, that woman in a plain dress forcefully defied the heavens. She forcefully entered the reincarnation cycle to save you!
Not only that, but she also defied the laws of life to forcefully extend your life.
She saved you, which was equivalent to saving the mysterious person who reincarnated into your body. However, she was very impressive. She stopped that person from awakening. She forcefully stopped that person from awakening. Otherwise, you would have been long gone! "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The Door of Adversity said, "Your entire family is perverted. That green-robed man also defied the heavens and forcefully entered the reincarnation cycle to save someone. That woman is also … Do you know?
The reincarnation laws were seriously injured and unconscious by your family. She's really pitiful!
It's because of her coma that countless experts in the universe are able to reincarnate with their memories. In the past, this would have been impossible!
One life is one life. If a person's life reaches its end, it's the end. It's impossible for them to reincarnate with their memories.
However, as the reincarnation laws went into hibernation, the world was in chaos!
This is all your family's doing! "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The Door of Adversity was furious. It said, "It's fine if she defied the reincarnation laws!
That woman also defied the laws of life, time, cause and effect, and fate … In order to save you, she defied almost all the laws except the number one law!
Moreover, she continues to defy them!
If she continues to defy them, the order of the universe will be gone!
Once all living beings are free from the restrictions of these laws, many people will be able to live forever and reincarnate with their memories … Do you know how terrifying that is? "
At this point, she paused and said, "Big Brother, if you still have a conscience, kill yourself!
If you continue to play like this, you won't be able to take it anymore! "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The Door of Adversity said, "That's not the most terrifying thing. The most terrifying thing is that she's looking for the laws of the universe everywhere … Not only does she want to defy them, but she also wants to kill us … This is too f * cking unreasonable!"
....
PS: To explain again, every update is reviewed, so it might be a few minutes late!
Everyone, please forgive me!
It's really not that I woke up late, it's that I'm late!
This time, I'm telling the truth!
Lastly, I've been working hard to save up my manuscripts. Wait for my next explosion!
!!








Chapter 1535
There was no justice in this world!
The Door of Adversity was feeling extremely aggrieved!
The Universal Law could be said to be the justice of the universe. Now, this family was defying the heavens. Not only did they want to defy the heavens, but they also wanted to kill them!
There was no justice in this world!
At this moment, Xiao Ta suddenly said, "Xiao Er, don't make it sound so aggrieved!
Back then, it was you who wanted to kill the Young Master without asking the reason. That's why that woman was angry.
If it wasn't for that woman and Master's strength, the Young Master would have been killed by you! "
Ye Xuan shook his head and smiled.
He naturally wouldn't sympathize with the Door of Adversity. Just like what Xiao Ta said, if it wasn't for Qing'Er, he would have been dead!
At that time, who would sympathize with him?
The Door of Adversity suddenly said, "He is the source of all misfortune. As long as he doesn't die, this matter will not end!"
Xiao Ta angrily scolded, "You stupid door!
If the Young Master dies, that Sister Tian Ming will go crazy!
Once she goes crazy, forget about you, even Master and that Swordsman won't be able to stop her!
At that time, everyone will die! "
The Door of Adversity coldly looked at Xiao Ta, "Since ancient times, no one has ever been truly undefeatable!"
Xiao Ta angrily jumped up, "Idiot!"
It knew how terrifying that woman was. She was a woman who was even scarier than its Master when she went crazy!
Under normal circumstances, its Master wouldn't act recklessly, but that woman could at any time!
Moreover, in that woman's eyes, other than her brother, everyone else was no different from a dead person!
Among the three swords, she was the most indifferent to life!
Within the tower, the Door of Adversity slowly closed its eyes.
Although it had never come into direct contact with the plain-clothed woman, it knew that she was very strong.
If she wasn't strong, the Adversity Law wouldn't have personally appeared to lure her away!
Not only the plain-clothed woman, but the Swordsman she met was also very strong!
She had never seen such a strong Swordsman!
However, the Cosmos God Court had no way out.
Just like in the secular world, when someone rebelled, did the Emperor have a way out?
The ministers could surrender, but could the Emperor surrender?
...
In space, Ye Xuan was silent.
From Adversity's mouth, he learned many, many things.
He had to admit that he was feeling very complicated at the moment.
He suddenly realized that Qing'er had done a lot for him, but Qing'er had never told him about it.
Ye Xuan raised his head and looked into the depths of the starry sky. A complicated look flashed across his eyes. "Qing'er … Can you hear me?"
In a certain unknown starry sky, the entire starry sky was blood red, and in the depths of that starry sky, there was an endless bridge. Upon closer inspection, the entire bridge was made of bones!
Below the bridge was a sea of blood!
A bridge of bones!
Blood as the sea!
On the bridge, a woman was walking slowly!
It was the plain-dressed woman!
As if sensing something, the woman in the simple dress suddenly stopped. She tilted her head slightly, and a moment later, the corners of her mouth curled up. This smile caused the starry sky to lose its color.
At this moment, the sea of blood under the bridge suddenly trembled. Not long after, the sea of blood began to squirm. Gradually, the blood began to gather on the bridge.
After several breaths of time, a bloodied man appeared in front of the plain-dressed woman!
Below the bridge, the sea of blood had disappeared!
In between the bloodied man's eyebrows, there was a small black word: Prisoner!
The bloodied man took a deep breath and said greedily, "The taste of freedom is so good!"
The plain-dressed woman looked at the bloodied man and did not speak. Instead, she continued to move forward.
The bloodied man looked at the plain-dressed woman and smiled, "I've been imprisoned for a million years, and that woman said that as long as I kill you, I can regain my true freedom and leave this Boundless Godly Penitentiary!
I know that you're very strong and killing you is very difficult. However, no matter how difficult it is, it's not as difficult as defying the heavens, right? "
The plain-dressed woman stopped and looked at the bloodied man, "Defying the heavens, there's still a chance of survival.
Defying me? "
As soon as she finished speaking, she suddenly drew her sword and slashed.
Chi!
Before the bloodied man could react, a ray of sword light had already pierced through his eyebrows.
At this moment, the plain-dressed woman was already behind him.
The plain-dressed woman sheathed her sword and her lips curled into a mocking smile, "What is the heavens?
Can you take a strike from me? "
As she spoke, she continued to walk into the distance.
On the bridge, the bloodied man stared blankly at the distant starry sky, "Imprisoned for a million years … died as soon as I came out … I didn't even report my name …"
As soon as he finished speaking, he dispersed like a wisp of green smoke with the wind.
He was directly erased!
...
Nether River Galaxy.
Ye Xuan withdrew his gaze. Right now, he really wanted to see Qing'er!
However, he also knew that his current strength was still too weak!
Strength!
Ye Xuan glanced at the sword in his hand. Right now, his top priority was to reach the level of a common sword!
Wan Jun suddenly said, "We're almost there!"
Ye Xuan withdrew his thoughts and looked into the distant starry sky. He was a little curious!
Why did the green-dressed man attack in that place?
What would be in the box that the little white guy buried there?
Ye Xuan and Wan Jun began to quicken their pace.
At this moment, Xiao Ta suddenly floated to Ye Xuan's shoulder and gently rubbed it against Ye Xuan's shoulder, "Young Master, let's fuse!"
Ye Xuan glanced at Xiao Ta and smiled, "Why?"
Xiao Ta said, "If we fuse, you will be able to unleash my full power. Then, we will be able to break that broken door!"
Ye Xuan shook his head and smiled. This guy was going against the Door of Disaster!
Xiao Ta said again, "Fuse?
If you are willing to fuse with me, I can give you many treasures left behind by my master!
Right!
And Erya's blood, the blood left behind after she was beaten can help you improve your physical body! "
Blood!
Ye Xuan was instantly tempted!
The little girl with the horn on her head was very terrifying. If he used her blood to rebuild his physical body, he would at least be at the Consolidation Realm!
Or even the Eternal Realm!
Ye Xuan was a little excited!
Xiao Ta continued to tempt him, "Young Master, as long as you agree, I can give you many, many treasures!"
Ye Xuan shook his head, "Not now!"
Xiao Ta was a little confused, "Why?"
Ye Xuan smiled, "Because I want to reach the Mortal Sword Level!"
It was not easy for him to not rely on external objects, how could he easily use them again?
He knew that if he reached the Eternal Realm and unsealed two of his bloodlines, his combat power would be very terrifying. Forget about everything else, even Wan Jun would not be a match for him!
Under those circumstances, Eternal Realm would be like ants in front of him!
However, he really did not want to rely on external objects!
At least before reaching the Mortal Sword Level, he would not use any external objects!
Xiao Ta sighed softly.
Ye Xuan smiled, "It's fine. Once I reach the Mortal Sword Level, we will work together to defeat her!"
Inside the Prison Pagoda, the Door of Disaster sneered, "Defeat me?
Is there a need for you to be so shameless?
Ye Xuan, "…"
At this moment, Wan Jun suddenly said, "We're here!"
Saying so, she stopped.
Ye Xuan also stopped. He looked into the distance, and at the end of his vision, in the depths of the starry sky, there was a huge abyss!
The Sword Abyss!
This Sword Abyss was really big, and standing in front of it was like an ant standing in front of a bathtub.
They were very far away from the Sword Abyss, but Ye Xuan could feel an extremely powerful Sword Dao will.
This Sword Dao will was extremely violent, and it exuded a vicious aura!
Moreover, he was slightly surprised because this Sword Dao Will seemed slightly familiar to him!
At this moment, the Door of Disaster appeared next to Ye Xuan. She looked into the distance and frowned.
Ye Xuan glanced at the Door of Disaster, "Why did you come out?"
The Door of Disaster looked coldly at Ye Xuan, "Are you not convinced?
If you are not convinced, fight me!
The kind that doesn't call people! "
Ye Xuan, "…"
Wan Jun suddenly said, "Miss, what do you think of this Sword Dao will?"
The Door of Disaster looked coldly at the Sword Abyss, and did not speak.
Wan Jun did not ask any more questions, and looked at Ye Xuan, "Let's go!"
Ye Xuan nodded.
The two continued forward, and before long, Wan Jun's expression gradually became solemn.
This Sword Dao will was too powerful!
It was like a mountain was pressing down on her, and the further they went, the stronger the pressure!
Wan Jun was very shocked. She was a peak Eternal Realm expert, but at this moment, she was being suppressed by a Sword Dao will, and this Sword Dao will had existed for many years!
Just how strong was the owner of this Sword Dao will?
As if thinking of something, Wan Jun looked at the Door of Disaster, and the Door of Disaster seemed to be affected as well, frowning slightly.
Just like that, the three of them walked for about three thousand feet, and they had reached the edge of the Sword Abyss. At this moment, Wan Jun's face was already dripping with cold sweat, and her footsteps felt like they were weighed down by a thousand kilograms, and every step was extremely strenuous!
Moreover, the hostility in the Sword Dao will was becoming more and more terrifying, and if not for her strong will, she would have been corroded by the hostility!
The frown on the Misfortune Gate's brows grew deeper and deeper, but there was a peculiar glint in the depths of her eyes.
This wisp of Sword Qi was very strong!
If they used it well, they might be able to kill this guy!
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly said, "You seem to be having a hard time!"
Hearing this, the two women turned to look at Ye Xuan, and Ye Xuan looked relaxed, as if nothing had happened!
Wan Jun was confused, "You … how is this possible …"
Ye Xuan blinked, "I feel fine!"
Wan Jun frowned slightly, "Can't you feel that Sword Dao will?"
Ye Xuan said, "Yes!"
Huajun was shocked. "Then why are you still so relaxed?"
Ye Xuan was a little puzzled. "It's very easy!
Why do you look like you're having a hard time? "
Just as La Jun was about to speak, Xiao Ta's voice suddenly rang out, "Of course Young Master feels relaxed!
Because this Sword Will was left behind by the Master, how could it dare to be impudent in front of the Young Master?
Young Master, I just received a message from this Sword Will!
It said it wants to go with you. What do you think? "
Ye Xuan blinked. "Come with me?"
Xiao Ta said, "Yes, it said it wants to go with you. Please accept it, it can help you fight!"
Wan Jun: "…"
At the side, the Door of Disaster's expression became extremely ugly. As if she couldn't take it anymore, she suddenly swung her hand. "Motherf * cker … I'm not playing anymore!"
Boom!
In the distance, a part of the starry sky was annihilated.
She returned to the Prison Pagoda.
.....
!!








Chapter 1536
Ye Xuan ignored the Door of Disaster and looked into the distance. At that moment, they were about to enter the Sword Abyss.
He could feel the Sword Dao will, but unlike Wanjun, he did not feel any pressure. On the contrary, he felt a sense of familiarity with the Sword Dao will.
Ye Xuan's eyes gradually became blank.
A strand of Sword Dao will, even after tens of thousands of years, could still exert pressure on a powerhouse like the Door of Disaster.
How terrifying was that?
That was just a strand of Sword Dao will!
Moreover, it was definitely not intentional by the green-robed man. It might have been left behind by accident.
What level had the green-robed man reached?
What was a Swordsman!
This was a Swordsman!
A strand of Sword Dao will not be extinguished even after tens of thousands of years!
Ye Xuan looked at the sword in his hand and shook his head with a smile. The path of Sword Dao was endless. Becoming mortal was probably just the beginning!
At this thought, Ye Xuan's eyes were no longer blank. He looked into the Sword Abyss in the distance again and smiled. "Let's go, Wanjun!"
Wanjun nodded.
The two of them continued forward.
After two steps, Ye Xuan found that Wanjun was getting more and more strained. He hesitated for a moment and then grabbed Wanjun's hand. With this pull, Wanjun felt as if a heavy burden had been lifted from her body!
The oppressive force of the Sword Dao Will actually disappeared!
Wanjun turned to look at Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan smiled. "I didn't mean to take advantage of her!"
At this moment, Xiao Ta suddenly said, "Young Master, just use your Sword Dao or Sword Domain to envelop Sister Wanjun!"
Ye Xuan's face was expressionless. He said in his heart, "Shut up!"
Xiao Ta jumped up and down. "Young Master, I understand now!
You wanted to hold Sister Wanjun's hand on purpose!
You're such a pervert! "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Beside him, Wanjun looked calm because she had heard Xiao Ta's words!
Ye Xuan smiled. "Xiao Ta is naughty and likes to talk nonsense. Don't mind him!"
Xiao Ta: "…"
"Is it the tower that's mischievous, or the person that's mischievous?"
Ye Xuan blushed with shame and was about to let go of Wan Jun's hand, but Wan Jun grabbed his hand instead.
Huajun faced Ye Xuan. "It's just holding hands. It's not like we're sleeping. It's no big deal!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The two of them no longer bothered about holding hands. Soon, they entered the Sword Abyss.
This Sword Abyss was originally a world, but this world had been completely erased by a single sword strike. Even the laws of the universe couldn't restore it.
The Sword Abyss was so deep that one couldn't see the bottom. After entering, the entire abyss made one involuntarily fearful!
Ye Xuan was fine. He was not afraid of this place at all. After all, the Sword Will here had already submitted.
What was there to be afraid of?
The two of them continued forward. As they walked, Huajun's expression became more and more solemn.
Because the deeper she went, the stronger the will of the Sword Dao grew. Fortunately, the will of the Sword Dao didn't target her again!
Otherwise, she wouldn't have been able to reach this place!
Not long after, Ye Xuan and Huajun suddenly stopped. An old man's corpse was floating not far in front of them.
Huajun frowned slightly at the sight of the corpse.
Ye Xuan asked, "Do you know him?"
Huajun said solemnly, "This was an elder of my Tian family. He came here with my father and second uncle."
As she spoke, she pulled Ye Xuan over to the old man's corpse. After looking at it for a moment, her expression became even more gloomy. "He was killed by someone!"
Ye Xuan glanced at the old man. Just as Huajun had said, he was indeed killed by someone!
Huajun suddenly walked into the distance. Ye Xuan hurriedly followed.
Huajun quickened her pace!
Ye Xuan glanced at Huajun but didn't say a word.
About an hour later, the two of them stopped again.
A middle-aged man's corpse was floating hundreds of feet in front of them!
From the looks of it, he bore some resemblance to Huajun.
However, there was no longer a soul in the middle-aged man's body.
His soul had truly been extinguished!
Looking at the corpse, Huajun was completely dumbfounded.
Gradually, two streams of clear liquid flowed out of her eyes.
Ye Xuan sighed inwardly. This Miss Huajun was also a person with a bitter life!
Her father was killed, she was imprisoned, and her entire family was slaughtered …
If it were him, he would definitely slaughter the entire Tian family!
At this moment, Huajun put away the middle-aged man's corpse and turned to Ye Xuan. "Let's go!"
Ye Xuan nodded.
The two of them continued forward. Huajun didn't say a word along the way.
Although the sword intent was getting stronger, the two of them weren't affected in the slightest.
At this moment, Huajun suddenly said, "I want to go back and become the Tian family's Patriarch!"
Ye Xuan looked at Huajun. "I support you!"
Huajun turned to Ye Xuan. "Aren't you going to ask why?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Why?"
Huajun shook her head. Her expression was complicated. "You …"
She paused before continuing, "The Tian family is my father's life's work. If he was still alive, he definitely wouldn't let the Tian family become a cold-blooded family!
Therefore, I want to go back and become the Patriarch. I want to change the Tian family so that the tragedy of my family will never happen again! "
Ye Xuan nodded. "That's fine!
However, Huajun, you need to understand one thing. If you don't have enough strength, I'm afraid you won't be able to truly subdue the Tian family! "
Huajun nodded slightly. "I understand!"
Saying this, she turned to Ye Xuan. "After leaving this place, what are your plans?"
Ye Xuan thought about it and said, "I want to go back to the Fifth Dimension!"
He had been out for a long time. Sister Nian and the others must be worried.
Huajun asked, "Is the Fifth Dimension very far from here?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Very far!"
If it wasn't for the Door of Disaster tearing through the star field, he wouldn't have been able to come to the Nether River Star Field.
Huajun suddenly said, "You need to be careful of the Door of Disaster!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "I know!"
The Door of Disaster!
Swordsman couldn't follow him forever. He still had to face the cause of disaster!
Mortal Sword!
Now, he urgently wanted to reach Mortal Sword. Only by reaching Mortal Sword could he barely contend with the Adept of Disaster!
The reason why this woman was so low-key was because of Swordsman. Once Swordsman left, the Door would definitely flip out.
The two continued to move forward. At this moment, they were already deep into the Sword Abyss. Ye Xuan could feel the Sword Dao's will.
He was looking forward to that little white guy's box!
That little guy was weird. It must have contained some good treasure!
About an hour later, Ye Xuan and Huajun arrived at the deepest part of the Sword Abyss. When they reached the deepest part of the Sword Abyss, they were stunned.
This was because they saw an old man in the deepest part of the Sword Abyss!
There was a living person here?
The old man wore a loose black robe. His hands were hidden in his sleeves, and his aura was as deep as the sea.
At this moment, the old man was also looking at Ye Xuan and Huajun. There was a trace of shock in his eyes. Obviously, he didn't expect someone to be able to reach this place!
Huajun suddenly said, "Li Zhuiqing!"
The old man looked at Huajun, a trace of surprise flashing in his eyes. "Little girl, you know me?"
Huajun looked at the old man with a solemn expression. "You really are Li Zhuiqing!"
The old man nodded. "Little girl, you are?"
Ye Xuan also looked at Huajun. Huajun said solemnly, "He's the former Sect Leader of Glory Sect. He's currently recognized as the strongest person in Styx Sector!
If it weren't for fear of him, the Tian family would've destroyed Glory Sect back then! "
The strongest person!
Ye Xuan looked at Li Zhuiqing. No wonder this guy could carry the Sword Dao's will all the way here. He's not simple!
At this moment, Li Zhuiqing suddenly said, "You're that little girl from the Tian family!"
Huajun nodded.
Li Zhuiqing smiled. "Not bad!"
As he said that, he looked at Ye Xuan. "This little friend is?"
Ye Xuan cupped his fists. "Ye Xuan!
I'm from the Five-Dimensional Universe! "
Li Zhuiqing's eyes flashed with a trace of surprise. "The Five-Dimensional Universe … As far as I know, it's very far from here. How did you get here?"
Ye Xuan said, "I came from the same Gate!"
The Gate of Disaster was speechless.
Li Zhuiqing sized up Ye Xuan. A trace of shock flashed in the depths of his eyes. "Adversity Constitution … Young man, you're not simple!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Senior, what are you doing here?"
Li Zhuiqing smiled. "Rumor has it that a peerless Swordsman once appeared here. Therefore, I wanted to pay my respects to that senior!"
Ye Xuan asked, "What does senior think of that Swordsman?"
Li Zhuiqing looked around and said softly, "A wisp of Sword Dao Will can stop me. I'm far from that!"
As he said that, he seemed to have thought of something. He suddenly looked at Ye Xuan. "Little friend, with your strength, you shouldn't be able to reach here. Why did you …"
Ye Xuan blinked. "Is this Sword Dao Will very strong?"
Li Zhuiqing was stunned. Then, he asked, "Not strong?"
Ye Xuan said seriously, "It's just so-so!"
Li Zhuiqing was speechless.
Ye Xuan cupped his fists. "Senior, we're going!
Goodbye! "
As he said that, he took Huajun and walked into the distance.
Li Zhuiqing quickly said, "Little friend, wait!"
Ye Xuan looked at Li Zhuiqing. Li Zhuiqing said in a deep voice, "Little friend, the area ahead not only has a strong Sword Dao Will, but also some remnant Sword Qi. These Sword Qi are extremely strong. If you're not careful, your soul will be destroyed!
Little friend, you must not underestimate it! "
Remnant Sword Qi!
Ye Xuan looked in front of him. As expected, there was Sword Qi in the area ahead. Moreover, there was a lot of it.
These Sword Qi were remnant Sword Qi!
This Sword Qi was much stronger than Tingyun's Sword Qi back then!
Ye Xuan glanced at Li Zhuiqing. "Senior, the reason why you stayed here is because of these Sword Qi?"
Li Zhuiqing nodded. "Yes!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "It's just Sword Qi. It's not enough!"
As he said that, he took Huajun and walked into the distance. When he walked to the Sword Qi area, he suddenly shouted, "How dare you act rashly in front of me, a Swordsman. Back off!"
As soon as he said that, the Sword Qi in front of him retreated to both sides in an orderly manner. Not only that, but the Sword Dao Will also retreated like the tide …
Seeing this scene, Li Zhuiqing, who was in the distance, was dumbfounded. He was extremely shocked. Which big shot is pretending to be weak?
Inside the Prison Pagoda, Xiao Ta said awkwardly, "Little Lord's pretentious act … Even I feel awkward!"
On the ninth floor, the Door of Disaster turned to face the tower wall and slammed its head against it. "I can't take it anymore!
I can't take it anymore!
Let me die! "
.....
PS: The physical books have arrived, including Invincible Sword Realm and The Only Sword.
I'm going to hold a small event soon. Everyone can follow my WeChat account: On the Green Phoenix Peak.
He directly searched the official WeChat account: Qingluan Peak.
All he had to do was click on the "follow" button!
!!








Chapter 1537
Needless to say, Li Zhuiqing was extremely shocked right now!
The area that Ye Xuan had stepped foot into was an area that he didn't dare step foot into in the past. Because the Sword Dao Intent and remnant sword qi in that area were truly too formidable!
However, this young man before him was actually able to make the sword qi and Sword Dao Intent retreat!
This wasn't a matter of strength anymore!
Because he was able to sense that the young man before him wasn't particularly strong!
Under normal circumstances, it was impossible for the young man to arrive here. However, the young man hadn't just arrived here, he'd even made the remnant sword qi and Sword Dao Intent retreat with a single shout!
There was only one explanation, and it was that the young man was actually a big shot!
An extraordinary big shot!
There was nothing wrong with such an analysis!
Ye Xuan suddenly stopped not too far away, and then he turned around to look at Li Zhuiqing, "Senior, do you want to go ahead and have a look?"
Li Zhuiqing hesitated for a moment before he said, "I'm not worthy of being called a senior. If you don't mind, you can call me Big Brother Li. We'll talk as equals!"
Wanjun had a slightly strange expression on her face!
Li Zhuiqing wasn't an ordinary person. He was the number one extraordinary expert of the current era, and it could be said that even her father couldn't compare to him!
Yet at this moment, such an extraordinary expert actually wanted to talk to Ye Xuan as equals ….
It wasn't that Ye Xuan wasn't worthy, it was mainly because it was slightly strange!
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment before he smiled, "Then I won't be unreasonable!
Big Brother Li, are you interested in going in with us? "
Li Zhuiqing smiled, "Of course I'm interested in your invitation!"
Ye Xuan smiled, "Then let's go!"
As he spoke, he pulled Wanjun along as he walked towards the distance.
Li Zhuiqing followed them as well!
Because of Ye Xuan, the remnant sword qi and Sword Dao Intent didn't target Li Zhuiqing!
Li Zhuiqing was even more shocked when he witnessed this scene.
He really is a big shot!
Ye Xuan's group of three walked towards the depths of the Sword Abyss. All along the way, the remnant sword qi and Sword Intent retreated wherever Ye Xuan passed!
However, they didn't retreat far. They just waited at the side, as if they were waiting for something!
Not long after, Ye Xuan, who was in the lead, stopped. Not far away from the three of them, there was a man sitting cross-legged. The man's hair was disheveled, and his face could not be seen.
A will floated above the man's head!
Sword Dao Will!
Ye Xuan and the other two looked at each other with a trace of shock in their eyes.
This man was actually alive!
At this moment, the man slowly raised his head and looked at Ye Xuan and the others in the distance. When he saw Ye Xuan, his pupils dilated. "You … it's you …"
Ye Xuan blinked. "What do you mean by me?"
The man said in a trembling voice: "Bloodline … your bloodline!"
Ye Xuan frowned slightly. Did this guy think he was the man in the green robe?
"Are you imprisoned here?" Wan Jun suddenly asked.
The man nodded. He glanced at Ye Xuan and said, "You're not him!
But you share the same bloodline … "
Ye Xuan glanced at the man. "Why aren't you imprisoned here?"
The man fell silent.
Ye Xuan smiled. "Fine. It has nothing to do with me anyway!"
As soon as he finished speaking, his eyes lit up. There was a box not too far away from the man!
A box!
Ye Xuan walked over to the box. There were two candied haws on the box!
Needless to say, it must have been left behind by that white kid!
Ye Xuan picked up the box. He opened it and glanced at it, but he quickly closed it again.
The corners of Ye Xuan's mouth curled up slightly!
Ye Xuan put the box away, and then he looked at Wan Jun. "Let's go!"
Wan Jun glanced at Ye Xuan, but she didn't ask anything.
Ye Xuan immediately put the box away. Obviously, he didn't want others to know what was inside it.
Right at this moment, the man at the side suddenly said, "Sir, please wait!"
Ye Xuan turned to look at the man. The man hesitated for a moment before he said, "Sir, can you let me go?"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "No!"
The man looked at Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan said, "The green clothed man imprisoned you here. Needless to say, you must have done something to infuriate him …"
The man said angrily, "I was dragged into this!"
Ye Xuan frowned slightly. "Dragged into this?"
The man suddenly became slightly agitated. "Big Brother, think about it. He's so strong that he could kill me with a single glance!
Is it really necessary for him to imprison me here? "
Ye Xuan was slightly puzzled. "Then why are you imprisoned here?"
The man sighed softly. "I was just unlucky!
There was a huge commotion here all those years ago, and I rushed here out of curiosity. As soon as I arrived, this place was transformed into an abyss before I could even figure out what was going on. Moreover, my body was blasted into pieces by a strand of remnant Sword Intent … "
As he spoke, he suddenly slapped himself. "I was stupid!
What the hell was I doing here?! "
The expressions of Ye Xuan and the others became slightly strange!
The man smiled bitterly. "I'm just too unlucky!
I really just came here to watch. I didn't do anything!
I really didn't do anything! "
Ye Xuan frowned slightly. "Since the green clothed man didn't target you, then why didn't you leave?"
The man's smile became even more bitter. "Big Brother, look around me. There's remnant Sword Intent and Sword Qi everywhere. I don't dare to move!
I really don't dare to move!
If I move, the remnant Sword Qi will kill me … Do you know how I've lived for the past tens of thousands of years?
I've been pretending to be dead every single day for the past tens of thousands of years. Only by pretending to be dead can the Sword Qi not target me … It's too fucking hard! "
At this point, the man's voice was already sobbing.
Ye Xuan: "…"
Beside him, Pojun shook his head. "You too. Why did you come here to watch the show?!"
The man shook his head repeatedly. "Who knew that Swordsman would be so terrifying!
If I'd known he was so terrifying, I wouldn't have come even if you beat me to death! "
Pojun: "…"
Ye Xuan suddenly asked, "You can't beat the Sword Qi?"
The man looked at Ye Xuan. He hesitated for a moment before saying, "I … can't beat it!"
Ye Xuan was slightly surprised. "It's just some remnant Sword Qi!
You can't even beat it? "
The man's expression became slightly unnatural. "Do you think these Sword Qi are very weak?"
Ye Xuan opened his palm. Some Sword Qi floated directly in front of him. He directly grabbed the Sword Qi. The Sword Qi didn't resist at all!
Seeing this scene, the man became dumbfounded. "This …"
Ye Xuan said, "I think these Sword Qi are quite tame!"
The man hesitated for a moment. He opened his palm, but just as he moved, a wisp of Sword Qi directly pierced through his arm.
Swoosh!
The man's arm was cut off!
The man was shocked. He immediately did not dare to move. He looked at Ye Xuan in a daze. "Where did I go wrong?"
Ye Xuan was about to speak. At this moment, a voice suddenly rang out. "Where did I go wrong?
You idiot!
This Sword Qi is on his side. Can't you tell?
How dare you ask where I went wrong? If there's a mistake, then there's something wrong with your brain! "
The voice of the Door of Woe Disaster!
Hearing this, the man immediately flew into a rage. "Who is it?!"
At this moment, the Door of Woe Disaster appeared next to Ye Xuan. She looked coldly at the man. "You're not convinced?"
When the man saw the Door of Woe Disaster, he was stunned at first. Then, he hurriedly shook his head. "No … I'm convinced …"
She confirmed with her eyes that it was someone she could not beat!
The Door of Woe Disaster glanced coldly at the man, and then she turned around and vanished.
Li Zhuiqing's expression had unknowingly become solemn.
The Door of Woe Disaster!
As soon as this woman appeared, she gave him a feeling of extreme danger!
Li Zhuiqing glanced at Ye Xuan. His background really isn't simple!
Meanwhile, Ye Xuan suddenly gestured with his right hand. The remaining Sword Qi in the surroundings suddenly surged towards him like a tide. Moreover, the will of the Sword Dao entered his body as well.
Ye Xuan opened his palm, and the remaining Sword Qi swiftly converged at the center of his palm. A sword of energy gradually appeared there!
It was a sword condensed from the man's Sword Qi!
Li Zhuiqing's expression became solemn once more when he saw the sword of energy, and there was even a trace of fear in the depths of his eyes!
Ye Xuan gazed at the sword of energy in his hand. Needless to say, the sword of energy was very strong. However, it could only be used once because the remaining Sword Qi had been separated from its owner for too long!
If he used it, the Sword Qi would exhaust the last of its energy. However, if he didn't use it, the Sword Qi could continue existing for over 100,000 years without any external interference!
Simply speaking, he was unable to regenerate the Sword Qi because he wasn't the man in green!
After Ye Xuan put away the Sword Qi and Sword Dao's will, the man instantly regained his freedom. He stood up and took a deep breath greedily. As if he'd thought of something, he suddenly looked at Ye Xuan and cupped his fists. "Thank you, Brother!
I'm Ximen. May I know your name? "
Ye Xuan smiled, "Ye Xuan!"
Ximen smiled, "I can't thank you with words. Brother Ye, if you need anything in the future, just send someone to the Dark World to notify me. No matter how far it is, I'll definitely rush over!"
At this moment, Li Zhuiqing suddenly asked, "You're from the Dark World?"
Ximen looked at Li Zhuiqing and nodded, "Yes!"
Li Zhuiqing glanced at Ximen and didn't say anything else.
Ximen looked at Ye Xuan and cupped his fists. "Brother Ye, I've just gotten out of trouble. I miss my family, so I have to go back. Please come to the Dark World in the future!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "If there's a chance, I'll definitely come!"
Ximen nodded. "Brother Ye, farewell!"
After saying that, he turned and disappeared into the end of the starry sky.
Ye Xuan suddenly sighed in a low voice after the west gate had disappeared.
Wanjun looked at Ye Xuan. "What are you sighing about?"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "I'm not used to it!"
Wanjun was puzzled. "What are you not used to?"
Ye Xuan sighed softly. "After my Big Brother suppressed the Cause of Calamity, I've only made good karma up until now … Most importantly, the experts I've met are getting smarter!
They don't do anything stupid to me anymore!
To be honest, I'm not used to it! "
As he said that, he patted his abdomen. "Little Misfortune, give me some Cause of Calamity!"
In the Prison Pagoda, the Door of Calamity suddenly roared, "Bitch, do you dare to let your Big Brother go!
Do you dare!
Ahhhhh … "
...
fpzw








Chapter 1538
In the ninth floor, the Adversity Karma was so angry that she was about to go crazy!
She really wanted to go out and beat this pretentious prick up!
But there was no other way!
Because that Swordsman had always been there!
If she attacked, that Swordsman might just stab her with his sword!
She couldn't fight him, so could she just watch him act like a prick?
She wanted to go out and perish together with Ye Xuan!
She couldn't take it anymore!
In the Sword Abyss, Ye Xuan said, "Little Adversity … Don't be so agitated … I'm just feeling a little emotional!
But honestly, without your interference, I don't think my life is that bad! "
In the Prison Pagoda, the Adversity Gate took a deep breath.
She tried her best to calm herself down!
She couldn't be angry!
She couldn't be angered to death by this guy!
Otherwise, it would be too much of a loss!
Seeing that the Adversity Gate didn't say anything, Ye Xuan was about to ask again, but the Adversity Gate suddenly said, "Do you really think that we would interfere with you for no reason?
Do you know what karma is?
Without karma, how can there be karma?
The reason why you're plagued by misfortune is because of your own sins, your father, and your sister!
Especially your sister, she forcefully went against the heavens to save you. That's one of the 'karma'! "
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "According to what you're saying, I should die?"
The Adversity Gate said coldly, "Why can't you die?"
Ye Xuan asked back, "Why should our fates be decided by you?"
The Adversity Gate said, "If there's no order in this universe, do you know what will happen?"
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "Don't you care about fairness in your order?"
The Adversity Gate asked back, "Why do you think that we're unfair to you?"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "You told me that someone disrupted the law of reincarnation and reincarnated into my previous life, which was Qing Er's brother's life. Let me ask you, was I Qing Er's brother or that mysterious person in my previous life?"
The Adversity Gate was silent.
Ye Xuan continued, "If I'm not mistaken, before that person awakened, I should have been Qing 'er's brother, right?
Since I'm not that mysterious person, why should I die?
Is this fair to me? "
The Gate of Disaster said in a deep voice, "If you die in that life, you will bring that mysterious person with you!
If that person dies, the world will regain its order! "
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "According to what you said, the one who really broke the order is that mysterious person, right?"
The Door of Disaster did not speak again.
Because as Ye Xuan had said, the first person to defy the laws of the universe was that mysterious man!
The woman in the plain dress didn't dare to forcefully sever her karma until now because of that mysterious person. She was afraid that it would bring bad consequences to Ye Xuan!
Ye Xuan continued, "To put it simply, the mysterious man was the one who broke the order. But in order to get rid of future troubles, you decided to kill me, right?"
The Gate of Woeful Disaster said, "Don't lead me astray!
I've said it before!
Other than that mysterious person, there's another reason why you're plagued by misfortune. It's because of your father and your sister, especially your sister. In order to save you, she forcefully defied the laws of the universe and disregarded the order of the laws of the universe. This is also one of the main reasons why you're plagued by misfortune. "
Ye Xuan was confused. "Qing 'er defied the laws of the universe. Why don't you look for Qing' er?"
The Gate of Woeful Disaster said angrily, "She's already free from all karma. How are we supposed to look for her?"
Ye Xuan was dumbfounded. "So you came to look for me?"
The Gate of Woeful Disaster asked, "Is there a problem?"
Ye Xuan was silent for a moment, then smiled and said, "No problem!
What Qing 'er did is what I did. It's only right that you come to look for me!
There's nothing wrong with that! "
The Gate of Woeful Disaster said coldly, "I've known you for so long, but this is the first time you've said something sensible!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
At this moment, Wan Jun suddenly said, "Are we leaving?"
Ye Xuan collected his thoughts and nodded. "Let's go!"
After saying that, he looked at Li Zhuiqing. "Brother Li, what about you?"
Li Zhuiqing smiled. "Of course I'm leaving too!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Then let's go!"
The three of them left the Sword Abyss. Ye Xuan turned to look at the Sword Abyss. He was still a little curious. Why did the green-robed man use that sword?
However, this was no longer important!
Because that was already history!
Wan Jun suddenly said, "I'm going back to the Tian family!"
As she said that, she looked at Ye Xuan. "What about you?"
Ye Xuan thought for a moment, then said, "I'm going back to the Great Desolate Mountain Range. I promised Swordsman that I would leave from there. This is my promise with him!"
Wan Jun hesitated for a moment, then said, "After that, will you return to the Fifth Dimension?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "That's the plan for the time being!"
After a moment of silence, Wan Jun said, "Some people disappear while walking!
Am I that kind of person in your life? "
Ye Xuan looked at Wan Jun and was stunned. "Wan Jun …"
Wan Jun smiled. "That's a bit pretentious!
No matter what, getting to know you is the most meaningful thing in my life.
If you don't come looking for me, I will come looking for you!
We'll meet again someday! "
After saying that, she directly turned around and disappeared at the end of the horizon.
Ye Xuan looked at the horizon in silence.
Xiao Ta's voice suddenly sounded. "Young Master, Sister Wan Jun seems to like you!"
Ye Xuan chuckled. "She might be grateful to me!"
Xiao Ta said, "No, no!
Based on my many years of experience, Sister Wan Jun likes you! "
Ye Xuan blinked. "Your many years of experience?
Are you very experienced? "
Xiao Ta said, "Of course, Master was very affectionate in the past!
Compared to Master, Young Master is too naive!
Master is a real stallion! "
Ye Xuan: "…"
Xiao Ta said again, "Young Master, Master often said that it's okay to be affectionate, but not promiscuous. So, if you really like her, then go chase her!
What's there to be afraid of?
Isn't it too embarrassing if a man doesn't have dozens of women?
If I were a human, I would find hundreds of women! "
Ye Xuan was dumbfounded.
Xiao Ta still wanted to say something, but the Door of Disaster suddenly rushed out of the ninth floor. Then, a series of explosions came from the entire Prison Pagoda.
They were fighting again!
More accurately, Xiao Ta was being beaten!
Before merging with a human, Xiao Ta's ability was limited!
At this time, Li Zhiqing suddenly said, "Young friend, if you have time in the future, please come to my Glory Sect as a guest!"
Ye Xuan looked at Li Zhiqing and smiled. "Old Brother Li, I will definitely come and disturb you!"
Li Zhiqing smiled. "Today, meeting young friend, made the Old Man understand one thing, and that is that there is always someone better!
The path of martial arts has no end!
Young friend, when you reach the Common Sword Realm, please come to the Glory Sect and we will exchange pointers! "
Ye Xuan blinked. "Can I do it now?"
Li Zhiqing laughed. "Young friend, your current strength is still not enough!
Young friend, I will wait for you at the Glory Sect! "
With that, he disappeared into the sky.
Ye Xuan looked at Li Zhiqing in the sky and smiled. He knew that Li Zhiqing was not lying.
Li Zhiqing was much stronger than Wan Jun!
Back in Sword Abyss, if not for him, Wan Jun would not have been able to enter Sword Abyss. Old Brother Li had entered the deepest part of Sword Abyss.
After a moment of silence, Ye Xuan turned around and left.
To the Great Desolate Mountain Range!
To the Great Desolate Mountain Range again!
Not long after Ye Xuan left, the white-armored woman appeared.
The white-armored woman looked at Ye Xuan leaving in the distance. No one knew what she was thinking.
...
Not long after, Ye Xuan arrived at the Great Desolate Mountain Range's Burial Mountain Range. He looked at the empty space in front of him. That was the place where Wan Jun was imprisoned!
After a moment, Ye Xuan smiled and continued forward.
After crossing Burial Mountain, Ye Xuan came to a mountain range. As soon as he entered the mountain range, two middle-aged men appeared in front of him.
They were Demon Monarch Gu Yue and Demon Monarch Mang!
Demon Monarch Gu Yue looked at Ye Xuan. "Didn't you leave with that woman?"
They also knew what happened in Burial Mountain. However, it was the Tian family's matter, so they did not dare to chase after them!
They did not dare to get involved in the Tian family's vortex.
Ye Xuan smiled. "I'm back!"
Demon Monarch Gu Yue frowned. "Why are you back?"
Ye Xuan blinked. "I have an agreement with my brother. I will rely on my own strength to walk out of this mountain range!"
Demon Monarch Gu Yue stared at Ye Xuan. "Are you sure?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Demon Monarch Gu Yue said in a deep voice, "Human, we know you have a powerful force behind you. We do not wish to provoke you. If you want to walk out of this mountain range, you can just fly over!
If you fly over, we can pretend we didn't see you! "
Ye Xuan shook his head. "I want to walk over!"
Demon Monarch Gu Yue's expression was gloomy. "If people outside know that Dao Yi, a human, walked out of this place, we will lose face!"
Just as Ye Xuan was about to speak, Demon Monarch Mang suddenly said, "Human, if you want to walk out of this place, you can, but you have to beat me first!"
Ye Xuan looked at Demon Monarch Mang. "Let's fight?"
Demon Monarch Mang looked at Ye Xuan and said coldly, "We can fight, but let's make it clear first. You are not allowed to call for help. Only the two of us will fight. Whoever calls for help is a dog!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Sure!"
Demon Monarch Mang snorted coldly. "Bring it on!"
With that said, he suddenly leaped up and punched at Ye Xuan. This punch caused the space in front of Ye Xuan to distort into a strange vortex!
Below, Ye Xuan suddenly stabbed out with his sword!
Sword of Life and Death!
This sword strike was simple and simple.
And it was this simple strike that instantly shattered Demon Monarch Mang's strength. At the same time, his entire body was sent flying tens of thousands of feet away. When he stopped, his body cracked and blood splattered!
He was severely injured with a single strike!
Demon Monarch Mang and Demon Monarch Gu Yue were dumbfounded.
Demon Monarch Mang looked up at Ye Xuan and gulped. "How … How is this possible … Did you take some medicine?"
Ye Xuan sighed softly. "Don't you understand?
You are still within the rules, but I have already jumped out of the rules! "
With that said, he looked up into the sky with a deep sense of helplessness in his eyes. "Invincibility is lonely!"
Demon Monarch Mang: "…"
Demon Monarch Gu Yue: "…"
Inside the Prison Pagoda, the Door of Calamity sat in a corner and covered its ears with both hands. "F * ck, this fellow is here again!
He's here again!
Ahhhh!
I can't take it anymore! "
....
PS: Zongheng is the first website of One Sword Supreme. If everyone wants to see One Sword Supreme's updates immediately, you can come to Zongheng or download the app. Just search for Zongheng and download it.
Zongheng will not have any missing chapters or garbled words!
Tomorrow, there will be a book giveaway event on the official account and Zongheng's comment section!
Free giveaways!
Please pay attention to the official account and Zongheng's comment section tomorrow!
Especially the active readers of Zongheng's comment section, because some of you are already in my heart!








Chapter 1539
Inside the Prison Pagoda, Xiao Ta hid in a corner.
Not to mention the Door of Calamity, even he felt embarrassed!
Forcefully posturing was the most fatal!
In the mountain range, Demon Monarch Gu Yue and Demon Monarch Mount Mang were completely dumbfounded.
It was especially so for Demon Monarch Mount Mang. Although he wasn't able to kill Ye Xuan not long ago, he wasn't at a disadvantage when fighting Ye Xuan. Furthermore, with his powerful body, he had a certain advantage!
But now, he was actually forced back by a single strike and his body was directly torn apart!
Did this guy take any medicine when he disappeared?
Gu Yue was also extremely shocked!
Before this, he was confident that he could suppress Ye Xuan. But now, he realized that even he could not withstand Ye Xuan's strike, much less Demon Monarch Mount Mang!
How did this guy suddenly become so terrifying?
The two demon monarchs were dumbfounded.
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly looked at Demon Monarch Gu Yue. "Make your move!
I'll give you three punches! "
Demon Monarch Gu Yue: "…"
Demon Monarch Mount Mang said in a deep voice, "Human, how did you suddenly become so strong?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Have you ever seen a monster?
If you haven't … "
With that said, he pointed to himself. "Have you seen one now?"
Demon Monarch Gu Yue: "…"
Demon Monarch Mount Mang stared at Ye Xuan, his face as red as a pig's liver.
Ye Xuan sheathed his sword and walked into the distance. When he walked to Demon Monarch Mount Mang, he suddenly stopped and sighed. "Being invincible is really lonely. Mount Mang, can you understand the loneliness of being invincible?"
Mang Shan felt his chest tighten as he spat out a mouthful of blood essence. The blood in his body nearly reversed.
At this moment, Ye Xuan had already left!
Demon Monarch Mount Mang was about to rush towards Ye Xuan. At this moment, he no longer cared about anything.
Kill this posturing human!
However, he was stopped by Demon Monarch Gu Yue!
Demon King Gu Yue shook his head, "That sword of his has already entered the mortal realm. Our bodies cannot withstand it!"
Mount Mang glared angrily at Ye Xuan's back. "Did you see him?
It's so demonic! "
Demon Monarch Gu Yue looked up at Ye Xuan's back and said softly, "Think about it calmly. This person's strength has undergone an earth-shattering change in such a short period of time. This is terrifying!"
Upon hearing that, Demon Monarch Mount Mang slowly calmed down.
In just a few days, Ye Xuan had undergone earth-shattering changes. How terrifying was this?
Gu Yue Demon Monarch continued, "And that Swordsman, that Swordsman has always been in our Great Desolate Mountain Range … and we can be sure that he killed Helian Demon King!"
As he spoke, he shook his head, "To put it simply, this human is not someone we can provoke!
Since he was only here to gain experience, then let him gain experience!
Anyway, we didn't lose anything! "
After a moment of silence, Mount Mang said, "That purple aura …"
Gu Yue Demon Monarch shook his head, "That purple aura is not something we can imagine …"
At this moment, Ye Xuan walked back from afar!
Seeing this scene, Mount Mang and Gu Yue Demon Monarch's expressions changed, especially Mount Mang. Although he wanted to kill this pretentious bastard, he had calmed down!
Although he disliked this human, he had to admit that he really could not beat this human!
Now that he saw Ye Xuan return, he panicked a little!
Gu Yue Demon Monarch's eyes were filled with wariness!
At this moment, Ye Xuan opened his palm. In his palm, there were two dark purple clouds of purple aura. He looked at Gu Yue Demon Monarch and Mount Mang, "You like this?"
Gu Yue Demon Monarch glanced at Ye Xuan with wariness, "What do you mean!"
Ye Xuan smiled, "Nothing much. Since you like it, I'll give you some!"
As he spoke, he pointed with his fingers and the two clouds of purple aura floated in front of Gu Yue Demon Monarch and Mount Mang.
The two demon monarchs looked at each other in confusion. What was this human doing?
Gu Yue Demon Monarch looked at Ye Xuan, "Human … Why are you giving us purple aura!?"
Ye Xuan laughed, "I've disturbed you during my training. Take this purple aura as my apology!"
Hearing this, Gu Yue Demon Monarch and Mount Mang looked at each other. At this moment, they suddenly found this human pleasing to the eye!
Demon Monarch Gu Yue and Demon Monarch Mount Mang quietly kept the purple gas. Demon Monarch Gu Yue cupped his fists and said with a smile, "It's not a bother. It's an honor for Young Master Ye to come to our Great Desolate Mountain Range for training!"
Mount Mang quickly nodded, "Yes, yes!"
Gu Yue Demon Monarch said, "Young Master Ye, you said you wanted to leave the Great Desolate Mountain Range?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Yes!"
Gu Yue Demon Monarch quickly said, "Isn't it simple?
Young Master Ye, we'll send you out! "
Ye Xuan, "…"
Mount Mang quickly nodded, "Yes, yes!"
Ye Xuan shook his head, "I promised my brother that I would rely on my own strength to leave!"
Gu Yue Demon Monarch smiled, "I understand!
But Young Master Ye, with your current strength, there aren't many demon beasts in the Great Desolate Mountain Range that can be your match!
How about this, we'll escort you and let you find the stronger demon beast. This way, you won't have to waste time. What do you think? "
Ye Xuan thought for a moment, then said, "That's fine!"
Gu Yue Demon Monarch quickly said, "Young Master Ye, I'll lead the way!"
Saying that, he quickly walked in front of Ye Xuan. As if he thought of something, he said, "How can we let Young Master Ye walk?"
Mount Mang suddenly whistled, and the next moment, a huge wolf suddenly leaped out from the distant forest. The huge wolf directly came in front of Ye Xuan and slowly knelt down.
Mount Mang made an inviting gesture, "Young Master Ye, please sit!"
Ye Xuan glanced at the huge wolf and smiled, "It's fate that we met. I'll give you some good fortune!"
As he spoke, he placed his right hand on the wolf's body. In the next moment, strands of violet energy surged out from the center of his palm. When the violet energy entered the wolf's body, it instantly felt as if it had been injected with stimulants, and its entire body started trembling violently!
Seeing this scene, Mount Mang and Gu Yue Demon Monarch looked at each other with a trace of shock in their eyes.
This was because they discovered that the huge wolf's bloodline was transforming!
This was too terrifying!
Ye Xuan looked at the two demon monarchs, "It seems to be breaking through!
Why don't we walk? "
Just as Gu Yue Demon Monarch was about to speak, Mount Mang suddenly said, "How can we do that?
Absolutely not!
Young Master Ye, if you don't mind, ride me!
I can do it! "
With that said, he returned to his true form.
Mount Mang's true form was that of a wolf, but he was different from the huge wolf. His entire body was purplish-black, and his body was covered in pitch-black scales. In terms of aura, he was hundreds of miles ahead of the huge wolf!
Wolf Monarch!
The true Mount Mang's Wolf Monarch!
Seeing this scene, Gu Yue Demon Monarch was somewhat dumbfounded. Mount Mang's actions had exceeded his expectations!
Ye Xuan was also slightly taken aback. He did not expect Mount Mang to be willing to ride him!
This was a demon monarch!
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment before saying, "Mount Mang, this isn't too good, right?"
Mount Mang hurriedly shook his head. "There's nothing bad about it!
Young Master Ye, hurry up and get on!
We'll bring you to the first-ranked Skydemon Monarch. "
Ye Xuan did not refuse. He directly sat on Mount Mang's back and asked, "Mount Mang, is this Skydemon Monarch the strongest demon monarch in the Great Desolate Mountain Range?"
Mount Mang said, "He's the strongest among the demon monarchs, but he's not the strongest in the Great Desolate Mountain Range. The strongest in the Great Desolate Mountain Range is that fierce beast."
Ye Xuan was somewhat curious. "Fierce beast?"
Mount Mang nodded. "That fierce beast isn't a demon beast native to our Great Desolate Mountain Range. It's an outsider. It now lives in the deepest part of the Great Desolate Mountain Range, the Heaven Earth Mountain Range. It rarely appears, so we don't dare provoke it!"
Ye Xuan asked, "Is it very strong?"
Mount Mang said in a deep voice, "Very, very strong!"
Very strong!
Ye Xuan looked up into the mountain range's depths, his thoughts unknown.
Mount Mang sprinted through the mountain range. His speed could be said to be as fast as lightning, extremely fast.
At that moment, Mount Mang entered a mountain range. Just as he entered the mountain range, powerful demon beasts swept over with their spiritual consciousnesses.
Mount Mang's eyes flashed with a hint of viciousness. "Young Master Ye is training. Unrelated demon beasts, leave immediately!"
His voice was like thunder, shaking the mountains!
Ye Xuan: "…"
With Demon Monarch Mang Mountain's furious roar, the surrounding weaker demon beasts immediately retreated.
This was Mount Mang. How could ordinary demon beasts dare to defy them?
Furthermore, Mount Mang had Demon Monarch Gu Yue with him!
Two demon monarchs were escorting him!
Mount Mang transformed into a black beam of light and disappeared into the distance with Ye Xuan. Demon Monarch Gu Yue followed closely behind.
On the ninth floor of the Prison Pagoda, the Door of Calamity sat on the ground with a mocking smile. "Is he here to train?
He's here to posture, right? "
...
In the mountain range, Mount Mang and Demon Monarch Gu Yue led Ye Xuan as they sprinted. Beasts retreated wherever they went!
About an hour later, Demon Monarch Mount Mang suddenly stopped. Not far in front of them was a mountain range that stretched on endlessly!
Mount Mang said in a deep voice, "Young Master Ye, this is the Skydemon Mountain Range where the Skydemon Monarch lives!"
Skydemon Monarch!
Ye Xuan looked up at the mountain range. He could sense an extremely powerful aura in the Skydemon Mountain Range!
Skydemon Monarch?
Ye Xuan smiled faintly. He dismounted and walked towards the Skydemon Mountain Range.
At that moment, Demon Monarch Gu Yue suddenly said, "Young Master Ye, be careful!"
Ye Xuan nodded. At that moment, an invisible pressure suddenly came crushing down from the Skydemon Mountain Range!
Ye Xuan stopped in his tracks as the pressure grew stronger. At the same time, a voice sounded from the Skydemon Mountain Range. "Human?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
The voice said again, "Why are you here?"
Ye Xuan looked up at the Skydemon Mountain Range. "I'm begging for death!"
Demon Monarch Gu Yue: "…"
Mount Mang: "…"
...








Chapter 1540
Begging for death!
By the side, Demon Monarch Gu Yue and Demon Monarch Mount Mang were somewhat embarrassed!
This Young Master Ye was good at everything, except that he liked to posture …
As Ye Xuan's voice faded, a middle-aged man appeared in front of Ye Xuan.
The middle-aged man looked to be in his thirties. He was tall and wore a beast hide robe. He stood there like a mountain and emitted an invisible pressure.
Skydemon Monarch!
The leader of the ten demon monarchs of the Great Desolate Mountain Range!
Skydemon Monarch looked at Ye Xuan. "Are you here to seek death?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes!"
Skydemon Monarch sized up Ye Xuan. "Adversity Constitution!
Furthermore, there are two bloodline powers suppressed in your body! "
Ye Xuan was somewhat surprised. As expected of the leader of the demon monarchs. He was not simple!
Skydemon Monarch suddenly looked at Gu Yue and Mount Mang. "What makes me even more curious is that the two of them are actually with a human like you!"
Mount Mang said, "In the Nether River Star Field, humans and demons are one family!"
Gu Yue: "…"
Ye Xuan: "…"
Skydemon Monarch looked at Mount Mang and gave him a thumbs up. "You're awesome!"
Mount Mang fell silent. He knew that Skydemon Monarch looked down on him.
But he didn't care!
If flattery could give him that much purple aura, he was willing to become a flatterer.
Purple aura!
The purple aura was enough to change his and Demon Monarch Gu Yue's fate!
This was because the purple aura could allow them to break through their bloodline shackles, allowing them to surpass their ancestors and reach new heights!
Such an opportunity was hard to come by in a hundred thousand years!
Furthermore, was flattery shameful?
From his point of view, it was not embarrassing!
Some demons didn't even have the chance to flatter Young Master Ye!
At that moment, Skydemon Monarch looked at Ye Xuan. "Are you here to challenge me?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes!"
Skydemon Monarch nodded. "Then I'll do it!"
With that said, he suddenly punched out!
It was pure physical strength!
With a single punch, the heavens collapsed and the earth cracked!
In the face of this terrifying punch, Ye Xuan showed no sign of fear. He took a step forward and thrust his sword forward!
Sword of Life and Death!
He thrust his sword forward.
Boom!
The power of Celestial Monster King's punch was shattered. At this moment, Celestial Monster King punched again!
Rumble!
In front of a human-demon, a wave of sword light exploded. Then, Ye Xuan retreated a thousand feet, and the Heavenly Demon King also retreated a thousand feet!
After the Celestial Demon King stopped, he looked at his right hand. There was a deep sword mark on his right fist.
Seeing this scene, he frowned!
He had a corporeal body at the peak of the Eternal Realm!
In the entire Great Desolate Mountain Range, his physique was second only to that beast!
But now, his body's defenses had been broken by a human in the Dao Attainment realm!
Celestial Demon King looked at Ye Xuan in the distance. "Your strike is impressive!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "That punch of yours is not bad either!
Again! "
As soon as he finished speaking, he suddenly disappeared on the spot.
Chi!
A strand of sword light tore through the air!
In the distance, the Celestial Demon King narrowed his eyes. He suddenly spread his legs apart, and then he half-squatted and crossed his arms in front of him. "Immovable Mountain!"
As soon as he finished speaking, the ground beneath his feet suddenly trembled violently. Then, a mysterious force gathered from the ground like a tide around his body!
At this moment, he seemed to be one with the ground!
At this moment, Ye Xuan's sword slashed down on the Celestial Demon King's arms.
Boom!
The Celestial Demon King didn't move at all like a rock, but the ground sank and the mountains shook!
The Celestial Demon King suddenly roared furiously, "Army Breaker!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he stomped his right foot on the ground and used the power of the earth to punch with his right hand!
The momentum of this punch broke the sky and destroyed the sky!
Ye Xuan's pupils constricted when he saw this punch, and he blocked it with his sword.
Boom!
Ye Xuan was sent flying backward by the punch. He was sent flying hundreds of thousands of feet away!
After he stopped, a wisp of blood slowly flowed out of Ye Xuan's mouth.
What was even more exaggerated was that the space behind him turned pitch-black!
Although his sword had withstood the punch, the space behind him hadn't!
Seeing this scene, Demon Monarch Gu Yue and Demon Monarch Mang's expressions turned serious.
In fact, they didn't know how strong the Celestial Demon King was because they hadn't fought the Celestial Demon King before!
However, they knew how strong the second-ranked Demon Monarch Helian was, and Demon Monarch Helian had defeated the Celestial Demon King in the past!
Now that they saw the Celestial Demon King attack, they realized that the Celestial Demon King's strength was more terrifying than they imagined!
In the distance, the Celestial Demon King suddenly said, "Power, come!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he walked toward Ye Xuan.
One step was a power!
At this moment, the Celestial Demon King used the power of the earth, and the entire earth became one with him. He was the earth!
Power of the earth!
The power of the earth!
In the distance, Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes. He held the sword in his right hand and pointed it at the ground.
This power of the earth was so familiar!
As long as he used the power of the earth, he could instantly dissolve this power of the earth!
However, he didn't do that!
At this moment, the Celestial Demon King took another step forward. "Again!"
Boom!
The mountains and rivers in the entire Great Desolate Mountain Range suddenly trembled. Then, the power in front of Ye Xuan skyrocketed!
Power of mountains and rivers!
Rumble!
The area where Ye Xuan was directly distorted!
And in that area, Ye Xuan felt as if tens of thousands of mountains were pressing down on him. He couldn't breathe!
Ye Xuan's eyes flashed with savagery. He didn't retreat and instead moved forward. His sword domain was activated.
Boom!
The moment the sword domain appeared, the suffocating feeling was relieved. However, his face instantly turned pale!
That power was too strong!
Even with the sword domain, it was difficult to block it!
At this moment, the Celestial Demon King took another step forward. He clenched his fists and roared, "Power of Heaven and Earth!"
Boom!
At this moment, the entire world shook violently. Mysterious' powers' suddenly appeared. These 'powers' were like a flood that gathered towards the area where Ye Xuan was in the distance!
Power of Heaven and Earth!
Rumble!
Ye Xuan retreated hundreds of thousands of feet. The moment he stopped, he spat out several mouthfuls of blood essence. The unparalleled sword in his hand was already covered in cracks!
Seeing this scene, the expressions of the distant Demon Monarch Gu Yue and Demon Monarch Mang instantly turned serious!
The Celestial Demon King's strength was too terrifying!
Could Young Master Ye block it?
The 'powers' didn't follow up with another attack. Instead, they surged towards the Celestial Demon King like a tidal wave!
The Celestial Demon King slowly closed his eyes. He clenched his right fist and the 'powers' surged into his right hand!
The Celestial Demon King looked at the distant Ye Xuan with a savage expression. "Didn't you want to die?
Come, I'll help you! "
As soon as he finished speaking, he took a step forward and smashed his fist forward. "Unstoppable!"
He punched.
A fist mark headed straight for Ye Xuan!
With the appearance of this fist mark, countless mountains in the Great Desolate Mountain Range collapsed inch by inch. Not only the Great Desolate Mountain Range, but the entire world also collapsed inch by inch!
With one punch, everything was destroyed. Rivers dried up and mountains collapsed!
In the distance, Ye Xuan stared intently at the fist mark. This punch gathered the power of the earth, the power of the mountains and rivers, and the power of Heaven and Earth. In addition to the Celestial Demon King's own physical strength, it could be said that this punch could really destroy a world!
Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes!
At this moment of life and death, his mind became extremely clear.
Power!
Ye Xuan suddenly opened his eyes. He suddenly realized a problem. The Celestial Demon King was borrowing power!
Borrowing the power of the earth, the power of the mountains and rivers, and the power of Heaven and Earth!
Since the Celestial Demon King could borrow power, why couldn't he?
With that thought, he wanted to borrow power. But on second thought, was the borrowed power his own power?
Ye Xuan suddenly laughed. "I have a sword. Why do I need to borrow power?"
As he said that, he stabbed with his sword!
Sword of Life and Death!
However, it was different from the previous Sword of Life and Death. He was more confident and calm with this sword.
Confidence in the sword!
Calmness in the face of life and death!
A Swordsman only needed a sword!
As Ye Xuan stabbed with his sword —
Boom!
In front of Ye Xuan, the fist mark was suddenly stopped by Ye Xuan's sword. Then, the fist mark suddenly began to collapse inch by inch and turned into nothingness.
And that power was like a wisp of green smoke that dissipated in the world!
Seeing this scene, the eyes of the distant Celestial Demon King were filled with disbelief. "How is this possible …"
On the other side, the eyes of Demon King Mang and Demon King Gu Yue were also filled with disbelief!
Ye Xuan easily broke this punch!
That was the punch of the Celestial Demon King's full power!
In the Prison Pagoda, the Door of Disaster's expression was very gloomy.
In fact, only she knew what was going on!
Ye Xuan's previous Sword of Life and Death could not be considered a true mortal sword. The previous Sword of Life and Death could at most be considered half a mortal. It was still lacking some concept to become a mortal.
To put it simply, Ye Xuan was not confident enough. He did not have enough confidence in his Sword of Life and Death. At that time, his Sword Dao faith and confidence were not particularly strong!
But now, Ye Xuan completely believed in his Sword of Life and Death!
This was a qualitative change!
Was confidence important?
Very, very, very important!
Many times, confidence could affect a person's life!
It could be said that the current Ye Xuan's Sword of Life and Death could be considered to have become a mortal!
In fact, only she knew that if Ye Xuan was a little more confident and did not use the Sword of Life and Death but just casually used it, then Ye Xuan had at least a 90% chance of becoming a mortal!
It was not the Sword of Life and Death, but the entire person!
If Ye Xuan's entire person became a mortal, then his strength would undergo an earth-shattering change!
What is Mortal?
In the Cosmos God Court, being mortal meant being real.
Ordinary swords were real swords. Every strike was a real sword. It truly disregarded cultivation base, defense, realm, divine abilities, laws, rules, and order … It could fight against experts of any realm! Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation
This was the Mortal Realm!
If Ye Xuan really reached this level, it would give her a headache. But fortunately, Ye Xuan did not truly become a mortal. It was just a Sword of Life and Death. The difference was still very big!
The Door of Calamity slowly closed its eyes!
She realized that this shameless guy was growing a little too fast!
This was not a good thing!
Outside the World Prison Pagoda, Ye Xuan put away his sword. He looked up at the sky and slowly closed his eyes. "I really want to be beaten to death!"
Sky Demon Monarch: "…"
Demon Monarch Mount Mang: "…"
Demon Monarch Gu Yue: "…"
...
PS: There's an event today!
Anyone who leaves a comment in the book review section of "The Only Sword" has a chance of receiving a physical book of Invincible Sword Domain or "The Only Sword".
Don't praise, just criticism. The kind that points out the flaws of the book and makes me feel ashamed and ashamed. This kind of chance is the highest.
The other kind is to give good suggestions, especially those that point out the flaws and give good suggestions. This kind of chance is even higher!
Other comments may also be chosen. It's up to you!
Of course, I also know that many readers are silently reading and silently supporting me. I hope that you can also leave a sentence to prove that you have always been here!
Especially some old readers of Invincible Sword Domain, I hope that you can come out and let me see you!
Most importantly, as long as you leave a comment, you can see your fan level. You can see what level you are!
Alliance Master level fans will get a free book and a photo of me!








Chapter 1541
He wanted to be beaten to death!
By the side, Demon King Gu Yue and Demon King Mang Mountain had odd expressions!
Young Master Ye's posturing really left them speechless!
Celestial Demon King looked at Ye Xuan. "Human, I admit you are strong, but don't you think you are too arrogant?"
Ye Xuan looked at Celestial Demon King and smiled. "Again?"
Celestial Demon King shook his head.
Ye Xuan frowned slightly. "As far as I know, you demon beasts will be stronger after returning to your original form. You can return to your original form!"
Celestial Demon King still shook his head. "I am bullying you if I fight you. After all, my realm is much higher than yours!
If I return to my original form, even if I win, what's the point? "
Ye Xuan was about to speak when Celestial Demon King continued. "Strictly speaking, I have lost to you!
Besides, even if I return to my original form, I can't do anything to you with that strike just now.
So, let's not fight anymore! "
At this moment, his heart was very complicated!
This human was only at Dao Attainment Realm!
He was several realms higher than this human and had an Eternal Realm body. But to be beaten like this … he felt like a failure!
If he returned to his original form, he would look down on himself!
Seeing that Celestial Demon King didn't want to fight anymore, Ye Xuan didn't force him. He cupped his fists. "Celestial Demon King, sorry for disturbing you!"
With that said, he opened his palm and a ball of purple gas floated in front of Celestial Demon King!
When Celestial Demon King saw this ball of purple gas, shock flashed in his eyes. "This …"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Celestial Demon King, this is a small token of my appreciation. I hope you will accept it!"
Celestial Demon King looked deeply at Ye Xuan. "Human, this is too precious!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "It is precious. That's why I am giving it to you. This gas should be helpful to you. If you don't mind, please accept it!"
Celestial Demon King was silent for a moment. "Little friend, frankly speaking, I can't refuse this purple gas!
But I can't take your purple gas for nothing! "
Obviously, he wanted Ye Xuan to make a request!
Ye Xuan glanced at Celestial Demon King. Celestial Demon King was very principled!
After thinking for a while, Ye Xuan said, "Heavenly Demon King, how about this? Take this as a good karma!"
Celestial Demon King naturally understood what Ye Xuan meant. He wanted him to owe him a favor.
After a moment of silence, the Heavenly Demon King said, "Sure!"
As he spoke, he withdrew the strand of violet energy, and then he said, "If you need my help in the future, just send someone here to notify me. I, Heavenly Demon King, will definitely not refuse!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Sure!"
As if thinking of something, he asked, "Heavenly Demon King, where is that beast?"
Berserk beasts!
Hearing Ye Xuan's words, the expressions of the three Demon Monarchs changed.
Sky Demon King said solemnly, "Little friend, it's not good for you to look for it now!"
Ye Xuan was a little puzzled. "Why?"
Sky Demon King looked at Ye Xuan. "If you look for it now, it won't be training but courting death!"
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "Is it very strong?"
Sky Demon King nodded. "Very, very strong!
I've fought you before, so I have a rough understanding of your strength!
With your current strength, it's not good for you to provoke it.
Besides, according to what I know, it's cultivating in seclusion now. It's not good to be disturbed at this time. "
Ye Xuan said softly, "I see!"
With that said, he looked at Demon Monarch Mount Mang and Demon Monarch Gu Yue. "Demon Monarchs, thank you for sending me off. We will meet again if fate allows it!"
Demon Monarch Gu Yue cupped his fists and said with a smile, "Young Master Ye, please come to the Great Desolate Mountain Range to play when you're free in the future!"
Demon Monarch Mount Mang also cupped his fists. "Young Master Ye, take care!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Demon Monarchs, take care!"
With that said, he turned and left.
There were two reasons why he formed a good relationship with these three demon monarchs. First, he, Ye Xuan, was here to train, not to make enemies!
Having more friends was definitely better than having more enemies!
Furthermore, he felt that many experts in the Fifth Dimension would come to this place in the future. Forming a good relationship here was equivalent to paving the way for the experts in the Fifth Dimension.
At this moment, an angry roar suddenly sounded from behind him. "Ten thousand beasts, retreat!"
It was Sky Demon King's voice!
As Sky Demon King's voice sounded, countless demon beasts in the endless mountain range in front of Ye Xuan retreated like frightened birds.
Ye Xuan turned to look at where Sky Demon King was and said with a smile, "Thank you!"
With that said, he quickened his pace.
He was going to meet Swordsman!
To him, no demon beast in the entire Great Desolate Mountain Range was his match except for that fierce beast!
However, he did not plan to find that fierce beast. It was not that he was afraid of death, but that it was in seclusion. It was a little immoral to disturb it at this time!
...
Sky Demon King looked at Ye Xuan's disappearing figure and said softly, "Two demon monarchs, do you know where this little friend came from?"
Gu Yue Demon King shook his head, "I don't know the specifics. I only know that his name is Ye Xuan and he seems to be from the Fifth Dimension!"
Fifth Dimension!
Sky Demon King said, "So, he is not from our Nether River Star Field?"
Gu Yue Demon King nodded, "Yes!"
Sky Demon King nodded slightly and said softly, "It is very likely that a big shot brought this junior here to train!"
Gu Yue Demon King smiled bitterly, "Isn't that so!"
He did not forget that this Young Master Ye had a Swordsman behind him. Helian Demon King was killed by that Swordsman.
Sky Demon King suddenly said, "No matter what, this is a good relationship."
Gu Yue Demon King quickly nodded. At this moment, he was somewhat glad that he did not fight to the death with Ye Xuan!
If that was the case, he would probably be dead by now!
Not to mention obtaining this purple aura!
Especially Demon King Mang Mountain, he was at the top previously. If not for Gu Yue Demon King stopping him, he would have fought to the death with Ye Xuan!
Thinking of this, Demon King Mang Mountain shook his head. It seemed that he had to change his temper!
Be more low-key in the future!
Be more humble!
...
At the end of the Great Desolate Mountain Range, Ye Xuan was already flying on his sword. At this moment, he was in a good mood!
He had gained a lot from this trip to the Great Desolate Mountain Range!
Especially the Sword of Life and Death that he comprehended!
Now, even if he didn't use any external objects, he could easily kill an Eternal Realm expert!
It could be said that compared to when he first came to the Nether River Star Field, his current Sword Dao attainments had undergone earth-shattering changes!
At this moment, there was a sudden change. Ye Xuan suddenly drew his sword and slashed.
Boom!
The sword slashed down and the space in front of him directly shattered.
Boom!
A sword beam dispersed, and Ye Xuan retreated tens of thousands of feet.
Just as Ye Xuan stopped, an afterimage suddenly flashed in front of him. Ye Xuan's pupils suddenly constricted. He was about to strike, but he was shocked to discover that the Unparalleled Sword in his hand had shattered!
The sword had shattered!
Ye Xuan was horrified. He took out the Executing Heaven Sword and stabbed again!
Sword of Life and Death plus Sword Domain!
As soon as Ye Xuan stabbed, a fist blasted the tip of the Executing Heaven Sword.
Boom!
Ye Xuan was instantly sent flying backward. With this flight, he flew hundreds of thousands of feet away!
Before he could stop, an afterimage flashed in front of him. Following that, a fist went straight for his head.
Under this fist, the space that Ye Xuan was in was instantly annihilated!
And at this moment, Ye Xuan's body cracked inch by inch!
At this moment of life and death, Ye Xuan suddenly roared, "Slash!"
He slashed again!
A Sword of Life and Death!
Moreover, he even utilized the Sword Domain!
It was his strongest attack!
An expanse of sword light descended!
Rumble!
The expanse of sword light in front of Ye Xuan had just descended when it was instantly obliterated, and he retreated explosively for another 30km. But at this moment, he saw the attacker.
It was a middle aged man!
The middle aged man wore a luxurious robe, and he had an extremely robust figure that was more than twice the size of an ordinary person. Moreover, he emanated an extremely ferocious aura!
Ye Xuan wiped off the blood on the corners of his mouth and gazed at the middle aged man, "You're that ferocious beast!"
The middle aged man gazed at Ye Xuan, "Mortal Initiation …. Since you were able to take 3 of my punches while at the Dao Attainment Realm, you should be invincible amongst your peers!
Unfortunately, you've only attained Mortal Initiation. If you've truly attained Mortal Initiation, then I'm afraid I really wouldn't be able to do anything to you! "
Ye Xuan spoke in a low voice, "You did it for the violet energy!"
The middle aged man remained expressionless, "Are you going to hand it over yourself, or do I have to kill you and take it for myself?"
Ye Xuan grinned, "I'm begging to be beaten to death!"
The middle aged man nodded, "You've got guts!
I like tough bones like you!
Later, I will break all your bones bit by bit, and then erase your soul bit by bit. I hope you can still have guts at that time! "
As his voice fell, he suddenly punched out!
The moment he punched out, Ye Xuan was instantly enveloped by a powerful fist aura. Under this fist aura, he felt his heart stop beating!
And in his eyes, he saw the world being annihilated bit by bit!
The fist aura was overwhelming!
It was dozens of times more terrifying than Heavenly Demon King's aura!
Previously, Heavenly Demon King's aura was borrowed, but this ferocious beast's aura wasn't borrowed. This was his own aura!
This was truly unstoppable!
Ye Xuan's eyes slowly narrowed. At this moment, he couldn't breathe!
He gripped the sword in his hand tightly!
His mind was a complete blank!
Inside the Prison Pagoda, the Door of Adversity stared outside. With Ye Xuan's current strength, he definitely couldn't take this punch!
This ferocious beast's strength wasn't something that Ye Xuan could contend with. This was no longer bullying the weak, this was crushing, a true crushing.
This ferocious beast had lived for at least hundreds of thousands of years. Whether it was its realm or physical body, it far surpassed Ye Xuan's!
If Ye Xuan had a true ordinary sword, perhaps he could fight it!
Unfortunately, Ye Xuan wasn't!
As if thinking of something, the Door of Adversity frowned, "This vile beast wouldn't force this shameless guy into an ordinary sword, right?"
Just as she finished speaking, outside, the sword in Ye Xuan's hand suddenly trembled!
Sensing this, the Door of Adversity's expression changed drastically. This shameless guy really wanted to enter an ordinary sword!
Without any hesitation, the Door of Adversity suddenly left the Prison Pagoda. She directly blocked in front of Ye Xuan and punched out!
Boom!
The ferocious beast's fist force was directly shattered by her punch!
After destroying the ferocious beast's fist force with one punch, the Door of Adversity turned around and slapped Ye Xuan.
Boom!
Ye Xuan immediately woke up from that magical state. He looked at the Door of Adversity blankly. "You … What are you doing?"
The Door of Adversity blinked and then said seriously, "Don't be afraid, I'll protect you!"
In fact, she really wanted to slap Ye Xuan to death with one palm.
However, she didn't dare to.
Hearing the Door of Adversity's words, Ye Xuan was a little confused. Was this woman crazy?
The Door of Adversity turned to look at the ferocious beast with an extremely cold expression. "I hate people who bully the weak the most. Beast, if you're still in front of me in three breaths' time, I'll tear you apart!"
Ye Xuan: "…"
The ferocious beast: "…"
.....








Chapter 1542
She hated the strong bullying the weak the most?
Ye Xuan's face darkened. Dammit, this woman is bullying the weak, and she's talking about others?
However, what was wrong with this woman's brain? Was she crazy?
She's helping me!
Something's wrong!
In truth, Ye Xuan didn't know that he'd almost become an ordinary sword cultivator!
At that time, he'd only had one thought in his mind!
And that was to draw his sword!
Even if he died, he had to draw his sword!
However, he hadn't expected the Door of Disaster to suddenly appear.
On the other side of the Door of Disaster, Xiong Shou stared at her. "Who are you!"
The Door of Disaster narrowed its eyes. "My name isn't something a beast like you can know!"
Xiong Shou shook his head and smiled. "In this world, there are always people who think they're infallible and powerful. Little do they know that she's like a frog at the bottom of a well. She doesn't know how big the sky is."
As he spoke, he looked at the Door of Disaster. "Arrogance is just an appearance. Its essence is ignorance. Ignorance isn't scary. What's scary is when a fool doesn't know his own ignorance!"
Ye Xuan immediately gave Xiong Shou a thumbs-up. "Well said!"
The Door of Disaster glanced coldly at Ye Xuan, and then looked at Xiong Shou. "Now I finally understand why this shameless slut can live so comfortably!
It's because her enemy is stupid! "
As soon as she finished speaking, she suddenly disappeared on the spot!
In the distance, Xiong Shou's pupils suddenly shrank. He took a step forward and punched.
Boom!
A bolt of blood lightning suddenly exploded on Xiong Shou's fist!
Rumble!
Xiong Shou's entire right hand exploded. At the same time, he retreated several tens of thousands of meters away. As soon as he stopped, a bolt of blood lightning fell straight down from his head!
Seeing this, Xiong Shou was horrified. He stomped his right foot, and his entire body became illusory.
Boom!
The bolt of blood lightning missed, but the mountains below it were directly reduced to powder.
Xiong Shou turned around and saw that Xiong Shou was just a few hundred meters away!
Xiong Shou's eyes were filled with shock. "Who the hell are you!"
He discovered that his physical body was as fragile as a piece of paper in front of the blood lightning!
The Gate of Adversity slapped out with its palm, and a bolt of blood lightning tore through the battlefield.
In the distance, the vicious beast's expression changed dramatically. He suddenly leaped up and punched out with his left hand. "Heaven Shaking!"
With a punch, a fist aura instantly swept through the entire world!
His fist smashed into the Blood Lightning, and a powerful force gushed out of his fist like a volcanic eruption.
Boom!
The bolt of blood lightning trembled violently, but in the next moment, the beast retreated several tens of thousands of feet. The space in front of it and the Door of Misfortune had been completely annihilated. Not only that, but its entire left arm had exploded as well!
Both his arms were gone!
The beast's expression was ferocious. He glared at the Door of Disaster. "Who are you?"
He basically knew all the experts in the Nether River Star Field. It could be said that apart from Li Zhuiqing, no one in the Nether River Star Field could crush him!
The Door of Disaster looked at the beast coldly. "Do you think you're qualified to know who I am?"
As she spoke, she was about to attack the beast again, but the ferocious beast turned around and fled, disappearing into the horizon in the blink of an eye.
The Door of Disaster was about to give chase, but it seemed to have thought of something and stopped!
Why did it chase after him?
Did it have nothing better to do?
The Door of Disaster turned to look at Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "Why did you help?"
He still did not understand!
This woman was definitely not that kind!
The Door of Disaster said calmly, "Didn't I say?
I hate people who bully the weak! "
Ye Xuan said angrily, "Bullsh * t!
You hate people who bully the weak? When you came to attack me, weren't you bullying the weak? "
The Door of Disaster was expressionless. "I hate people who bully the weak, but I don't hate myself for bullying the weak. Is there a problem?"
"Motherf * cker …"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan almost went berserk.
Damn it, was this something a human could say?
The Door of Disaster clapped its hands and returned to the Prison Pagoda.
After a moment of silence, Ye Xuan said, "Little Er, that white-armored woman was also a protector of the laws. Between you and her, who is stronger?"
The Door of Disaster said, "Don't ask. If you ask, then I'm invincible!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Inside the Prison Pagoda, Xiao Ta shook his head. "Little Er, after following the Young Master for so long, you've learned to be shameless!"
The Door of Disaster was speechless.
Ye Xuan did not dwell on why the Door of Disaster attacked him. He put away his sword and flew into the distance.
On the way, Ye Xuan's expression was a little heavy.
After the battle with the beast, he realized that he still had many shortcomings!
It was not enough to enter the mortal realm with one sword, he needed to enter the mortal realm with his whole body!
Soon, Ye Xuan left the Great Desolate Mountain Range. As soon as he left the Great Desolate Mountain Range, he encountered the Swordsman!
The Swordsman looked at Ye Xuan and smiled. "You're out?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Big Brother …"
At this point, he suddenly stopped.
Big Brother?
He was a little confused.
He had told the Door of Disaster that the Swordsman was his big brother, but that was not the case!
He did not expect that he would call him big brother!
This was a little awkward!
"Big Brother?"
The Swordsman looked at Ye Xuan with a smile that did not seem like a smile.
Ye Xuan smiled awkwardly. "Calling me Senior is a little distant, so in my heart, Senior is my big brother … Senior, you don't mind, right?"
The Swordsman smiled. "If it was someone else, I would mind!
But since it's you, I don't mind!
After all, you're quite to my liking!
However, this seniority … Forget it!
You and I are both Swordsman, why should we care about these customs of the world! "
Ye Xuan smiled. "Big Brother!"
The Swordsman nodded slightly. He looked at Ye Xuan. "You have a sword that allowed you to enter the mortal realm!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "I comprehended that sword when I was on the brink of life and death, but I have not entered the mortal realm!"
The Swordsman chuckled. "That's already very good!
The current you is only half a step away from entering the mortal realm. "
Ye Xuan asked in a deep voice. "How can I enter the mortal realm?"
The Swordsman smiled. "Think more, comprehend more, learn more, and fight more!"
Ye Xuan was silent for a moment, then nodded. "I understand!"
The Swordsman continued. "I wanted to accompany you for a while longer, but I encountered something, so I might have to leave first!"
Hearing the Swordsman's words, the Door of Disaster in the Prison Pagoda suddenly raised its head, its eyes filled with surprise.
But soon, that surprise turned into solemnity.
Although Ye Xuan had become very strong, he was still no match for her!
Therefore, before the Swordsman left, it was very likely that he would kill her first!
Thinking of this, the Door of Disaster's expression gradually turned ugly.
Outside the Prison Pagoda, Ye Xuan was slightly stunned when he heard the Swordsman's words, then said, "Big Brother, you're leaving?"
The Swordsman nodded. "This universe is too weak. It's really boring to stay here. I want to wander around. If I can encounter that universe's law, that would be great!"
The Disaster Law: "…"
Ye Xuan thought for a moment, then said, "Big Brother, will we meet again in the future?"
The Swordsman smiled. "I think we will."
Ye Xuan smiled. "Then we'll meet again!"
The Swordsman nodded. He glanced at Ye Xuan's abdomen. "With this woman's strength, even if you become a mortal, you might not be able to resist her. Do you need me to help you kill her?"
Inside the Prison Pagoda, the Door of Disaster slowly clenched its fists.
Outside the Prison Pagoda, Ye Xuan laughed. "Since it's a Disaster Cause, then let me face it myself!"
The Swordsman glanced at Ye Xuan and smiled. "Just as I thought!
However, I'll still do you a small favor! "
He glanced at Ye Xuan's abdomen. "Within a year, you can't attack my little brother. After a year, you can attack him.
Is there a problem? "
Inside the Prison Pagoda, the Door of Disaster hurriedly shook its head. "No problem!"
She knew that the Swordsman wanted her to train Ye Xuan.
However, this was exactly what she wanted!
Because this way, she wouldn't have to die!
Only by staying alive would she have a future!
Outside the Prison Pagoda, the Swordsman suddenly opened his palm. Within Ye Xuan's body, something seemed to have disappeared!
Ye Xuan looked at the Swordsman. The Swordsman smiled. "From now on, you can use both of your bloodlines!
In addition, you can also re-cultivate your body and your sword.
Don't worry about anything else. Now that you're half a mortal, your thinking has undergone a qualitative change. Even with the power of your bloodline and your body, you won't lose yourself. "
Saying this, he paused. "Whether it's the power of your bloodline or your body, these are all your own powers. However, you can't rely on them too much. Of course, forget about your body and bloodline, you can't even rely on your sword!"
Ye Xuan was puzzled. "I can't even rely on my sword?"
The Swordsman smiled. "Yes!"
Ye Xuan hurriedly asked. "Why?"
The Swordsman smiled. "After you enter the mortal world, you'll slowly understand!"
Saying this, he turned to look at the horizon. "Little guy, it's time to part."
Saying this, he turned into a sword ray and disappeared into the horizon!
Ye Xuan looked at the horizon. At this moment, the Door of Woe suddenly said, "Stop looking!
He's already tens of thousands of star sectors away! "
Ye Xuan suddenly asked, "Little Er, how strong is my big brother?"
The strength of the three swords had always been a mystery.
The Door of Woe was silent.
How strong was that Swordsman?
She didn't know!
Because he only needed one sword to kill her!
At this moment, Ye Xuan retracted his gaze. He shook his head and smiled. "Forget it!
I'll just cultivate my body! "
Saying this, he took out Xiao Ta. "Xiao Ta, where's the blood of the horned girl?"
Xiao Ta was about to speak. At this moment, the Door of Woe's expression suddenly changed. "B * tch, run!"
Ye Xuan was stunned. "What the hell?"
The Door of Woe said angrily, "Idiot, run!
A Law Guardian is tearing through the star sector and rushing here! "
Ye Xuan was confused. "Law Guardian … No, shouldn't you be happy that a Law Guardian is rushing here?"
The Door of Woe's voice grew louder. "Idiot!
I can't explain it to you anymore!
Run!
If you don't run, just wait for your death!
The other party isn't like me, where most of my strength was sealed by that Swordsman. The other party is in peak condition!
Peak condition! Do you understand? "
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment before he said, "Can I beat him?"
The Door of Woe roared. "Fight your ass!
Do you know that beast just now?
If it wanted to kill him, it only needed a glance!
She's in peak condition! Do you understand? "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The Door of Woe said angrily, "Big brother, your big brother is already far away!
You don't have the capital to act tough anymore!
Can't you just f * cking run? "
Xiao Ta suddenly said, "Little Misfortune, watch your manners!
Manners! "
The Door of Woe was furious. "You stupid stupid tower. If you talk to me about manners again, I'll die with you!
I've had enough of you two weirdos! "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
....
PS: Yesterday's request for criticism … I've been dealt a blow!
Let's change it today!
I'm asking for a compliment!
1
Also, there were a few winners yesterday. I left messages for you, but you didn't come to me …








Chapter 1543
Run!
Ye Xuan did not hesitate and immediately flew away on his sword.
A Law Guardian at its peak!
He did not forget what kind of existence the Door of Adversity was at its peak!
However, what puzzled him was why the Door of Adversity was more anxious than him when there was a new Law Guardian looking for him.
Could it be that there was a conflict between the Laws of the Universe?
Without thinking too much, Ye Xuan increased his speed to the maximum.
At this moment, the Door of Adversity suddenly said, "From the left!
Enter that black hole and escape by tearing through space! "
Ye Xuan headed to the left. As if thinking of something, he hurriedly said, "Little E, your speed is faster. Why don't you do it?"
The Door of Adversity coldly said, "The reason why that woman has not found this place yet is because she is unable to determine your location. If I come out, she will be able to locate you immediately!"
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "How does she know I am here?"
The Door of Adversity was silent for a moment before saying, "It should be because I attacked earlier!"
Ye Xuan asked, "Is she also from the Universe God Court?"
The Door of Adversity said, "Yes!"
Ye Xuan was confused. "Then shouldn't you be happy?"
The Door of Adversity was silent.
Ye Xuan said again, "You have a grudge with her!"
The Door of Adversity said indifferently, "It's none of your business!"
Ye Xuan was delighted. This woman definitely had a grudge with that Law Guardian!
At this moment, the Door of Adversity suddenly said, "There is a black hole in space ahead. Enter it and use the black hole to teleport."
Ye Xuan was hesitant. Would this woman trick him?
At this moment, Little Ta suddenly said, "Little Master, there is a dangerous existence approaching!
It is very dangerous! "
Very dangerous!
Ye Xuan did not think further and immediately transformed into a sword light and entered the black hole!
The moment he entered the black hole, Ye Xuan's expression changed. This was because he felt a powerful force tearing his body apart!
Ye Xuan hurriedly used his sword domain to block the tearing force!
Not long after Ye Xuan disappeared, a woman suddenly appeared in the sky above the Great Desolate Mountain Range.
The woman wore a long black dress. The long dress was as black as ink, completely black.
The woman looked to be around eighteen or nineteen years old. Her head of fine black hair was tied up with a black ribbon. She looked very refreshing.
Her eyebrows were slightly light, and they went up along with the flow, like two swords standing above her eyes.
At the tip of her right hand, a flying dagger was circling around her finger.
After the woman appeared, she glanced around and smirked. "Is he gone?
Interesting! "
At this point, she seemed to have noticed something and suddenly turned around. In the next moment, she disappeared!
In the depths of the Great Desolate Mountain Range, the beast that was recuperating suddenly stood up. Just as it stood up, a woman appeared in front of it!
The ferocious beast narrowed its eyes when it saw the woman. "Who are you?"
The woman smiled and said, "I ask, you answer!"
The Ferocious Beast stared at the woman. "You are …"
At this point, the beast's left arm suddenly flew off, and blood spurted out like a pillar!
The beast was shocked and looked at the woman in disbelief. "You …"
The woman smiled. "Have you seen a woman in a red dress?"
The beast hurriedly nodded. "Yes!
She was with a young man! "
The woman frowned slightly. "With a young man?
Is that young man an Emergency Body? "
The beast nodded. "Yes, yes!"
The woman's frown deepened. "She didn't kill that young man?"
Hearing this, the beast became excited. "She didn't kill that young man. Not only did she not kill him, she's even helping him!"
Helping!
The woman blinked. "She hurt you because she helped that young man?"
The beast hurriedly nodded. "Yes!"
The woman chuckled. "That's interesting!
Could it be that this woman has turned traitor? "
In the distance, the beast didn't dare to speak again.
Being beaten up by two women in a day, he had never felt so aggrieved!
Right at this moment, the woman turned around and said softly, "That woman should have sensed my arrival!
That's why she took that young man away … "
The beast hesitated for a moment and said, "Are you going to kill that young man?"
The woman looked at the beast and smiled. "Can't I?"
The beast hurriedly said, "Of course you can!
But that woman in the red dress is protecting that young man … "
The woman smiled. "Don't worry!
She can't protect that young man! "
At this point, she seemed to have noticed something and disappeared on the spot.
Seeing that the woman had disappeared, the beast immediately heaved a sigh of relief!
This woman was too terrifying!
He felt that she was even scarier than that hot-tempered woman from before!
The beast looked up at the sky and a trace of confusion flashed in his eyes. "Am I really that weak?"
Right at this moment, the space above his head suddenly split open. The next moment, three women appeared not far in front of him.
They were Mu Niannian and the other two.
They found this place because the Swordsman was no longer suppressing Ye Xuan's bloodline power. The mysterious woman found this place based on Ye Xuan's undying bloodline!
But as soon as they found this place, Ye Xuan's aura disappeared again!
The beast frowned when he saw Mu Niannian and the other two. Where did they come from!?
The mysterious woman looked at the beast. "Have you seen a young man?"
The beast was slightly stunned, and then he said, "The young man with the Calamity Body?"
The three women became slightly excited when they heard this. The mysterious woman in the lead hurriedly nodded. "Yes!"
The beast said in a low voice, "He was here before, but I don't know where he went now!"
Nian Nian looked at the mysterious woman. "Can you sense his aura?"
The mysterious woman glanced over, and a moment later, she said in a low voice, "I can only sense a little. Moreover, he's getting further and further away from us. It doesn't seem like he's on his way!"
Nian Nian was about to speak when the beast suddenly said, "Are the three of you here to kill that young man as well?"
The three women looked at the beast when they heard this. The beast cupped his fists. "To tell you the truth, I've already made a move against him before. Unfortunately, I was stopped by a woman!
Otherwise, I would have blown his head apart!
What a pity … "
The mysterious woman suddenly said, "You've made a move against him?"
The beast hurriedly said, "Yes!
If that woman hadn't interfered, I would have blown his head apart … "
Right at this moment …
Tu suddenly blasted out with his fist!
Mu Niannian slashed out with his sword!
The mysterious woman directly charged out ….
"Ah …."
Not long after, miserable and shrill cries resounded from the depths of the Great Desolate Mountain Range ….
After a long time, the beast's miserable voice suddenly resounded from the depths of the Great Desolate Mountain Range. "What exactly did I do wrong!?"
...
On the other side of the clouds, a certain space suddenly split open, and in the next moment, a woman walked out!
It was the woman in a black dress!
Not far away from the woman in a black dress stood a woman in white armor!
The woman in a black dress looked at the woman in white armor and said with a smile, "So it's Yi Xin. I never expected that you would be here as well!"
The woman called Yi Xin said indifferently, "Mu Xiaodao, what are you doing here?" Mu Xiaodao smiled. "Do you believe that I'm here to look for you?"
Yi Xin was expressionless. "Do you want to fight?"
Mu Xiaodao was about to speak when she suddenly frowned. "You deliberately let me discover you. You're stalling for time for that youth!"
Yi Xin didn't say anything.
Mu Xiaodao suddenly shook her head and smiled. "I heard that Little E is also helping that youth …. This is really interesting!"
Yi Xin frowned slightly. The Door of Calamity is also helping that youth?
That doesn't make sense!
Mu Xiaodao suddenly said, "Is that Law on you?"
Yi Xin looked at Mu Xiaodao with a calm expression. "Do you really want to know?"
Mu Xiaodao smiled. "I was being nosy!
Farewell! "
With that said, she turned around and disappeared into the horizon.
She didn't dare ask any further because if the Law was really on Yi Xin, then she would definitely die.
Although the Law of the Universe that Yi Xin was guarding was already injured, it wasn't something that she could resist!
Seeing Mu Xiaodao leave, Yi Xin said softly, "Whether you live or die is up to you!"
With that said, she turned around and disappeared into the horizon.
...
In a certain spatial black hole, Ye Xuan was flying through it on his sword. He didn't know where he was going either!
In any case, escaping was the right thing to do!
At this moment, the Door of Calamity suddenly said, "To the right, there's a spatial black hole there. You can use that spatial black hole to escape!"
Ye Xuan turned around and glanced at it. He hesitated for a moment, and then he directly rode his sword to the right. It didn't take long for him to leave the black hole in the starry sky. After he left, he glanced at the surroundings. The starry sky around him was silent!
It was an unfamiliar star region!
And not far in front of him, there was a spatial black hole!
This spatial black hole was enormous and occupied half of the starry sky. Any star that came here would be devoured by it.
The Door of Calamity suddenly said, "Go in quickly!"
Xiao Ta said, "Young Master, that dangerous aura is getting closer!"
Ye Xuan chose to believe in Xiao Ta. He didn't hesitate and directly entered the spatial black hole. As soon as he entered, he was directly sucked into the depths of the spatial black hole.
Ye Xuan hurriedly used his Sword Domain to block!
Ye Xuan's expression gradually turned solemn. This was because he realized that the power of the spatial black hole was very strong. His Sword Domain could only barely block it!
This was not the power of dark energy, but a mysterious power. He didn't know what it was exactly!
As though he thought of something, Ye Xuan asked again, "Little Er, what law's Guardian is looking for me!?"
The Door of Calamity said coldly, "What law's Guardian? You can't even beat it!"
Ye Xuan frowned slightly. "Aren't you looking down on me too much!?"
The Door of Calamity said angrily, "Can you stop being so arrogant?
If not for that Swordsman helping you block some of the Calamity Law's power, you would be dead now! "
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Is Big Brother still helping me block it?"
The Door of Calamity said, "Nonsense!
Otherwise, do you think you can survive until now?
However, he has already left. Furthermore, he's getting further and further away. I don't know … "
At this point, her expression suddenly changed. "F * ck!
He didn't help you block it! "
Ye Xuan blinked. "Really?"
Just as he finished speaking, some blood-red threads suddenly appeared around him.
Upon seeing this, Ye Xuan's expression changed. "F * ck, Little Er, hurry up and think of a way to help me block these Calamity Law's power!"
The Door of Calamity's face twitched as she said angrily, "I'm the Calamity Law's Guardian, not your Guardian. You want me to help you think of a way to deal with the Calamity Law?
Are you kidding me?
Ahhh? "
....
PS: I'm late … Oh my God!
How exciting!








Chapter 1544
Ye Xuan came to his senses when he heard the Law of Misfortune's words.
This woman is on the same side as the Law of Misfortune!
At this moment, the surrounding space suddenly trembled!
Ye Xuan frowned slightly, "What's going on?"
The Law of Misfortune's expression turned ugly, "Dammit, this black hole is going to self-destruct!"
Ye Xuan's expression changed drastically, "Are you kidding me?
Can this black hole self-destruct? "
The Law of Misfortune said angrily, "Why can't it self-destruct?
After a black hole devours too many stars and matter, its energy will reach a limit, and then it will explode! "
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "Under normal circumstances, how long does it take for such a black hole to explode?"
The Law of Misfortune said, "A few million years, or even longer!"
Ye Xuan's expression was incomparably ugly, "Dammit, in other words, I actually encountered a black hole that only explodes once every few million years?"
The Law of Misfortune fell silent for a moment, and then said, "It has nothing to do with you, it's because of the Law of Misfortune!"
The Law of Misfortune!
Ye Xuan suddenly came to his senses, right, how can I be so unlucky!
It's all because of the Law of Misfortune!
In the surroundings, the black hole in the starry sky suddenly began to expand, and the mysterious power seemed to be multiplying!
Seeing this scene, Ye Xuan's expression changed drastically. If this black hole explodes, then not to mention him, even the body of the ferocious beast would be pulverized!
At this moment, the Law of Misfortune suddenly said, "Hurry up and escape!"
Ye Xuan raised his speed to the limit, and at this moment, the Law of Misfortune said, "It's too late!
This black hole will completely explode in at most a dozen breaths of time! "
Ye Xuan: "…"
The Law of Misfortune suddenly appeared in front of Ye Xuan, and she glared coldly at Ye Xuan, "I really want to take you down with me, you bitch!"
As she spoke, she directly grabbed Ye Xuan's shoulder, and in the next moment, she and Ye Xuan transformed into a blood-red bolt of lightning and vanished at the end of the starry sky.
She naturally did not want to save Ye Xuan, but she had no choice but to do so.
Only by hiding in Ye Xuan's body could she avoid Mu Xiaodao's pursuit.
If it was under normal circumstances, she would naturally not be afraid of Mu Xiaodao, but the problem was that she was not normal at the moment. One must know that when the Swordsman left, he did not remove the two strands of sword qi left between her brows!
The suppressed her was not Mu Xiaodao's opponent!
She had fought with Mu Xiaodao her entire life. If she were to fall into Mu Xiaodao's hands now, it would be a fate worse than death!
...
The moment the Door of Adversity made its move, Mu Xiaodao, who was in a certain space behind them, suddenly raised her head and looked into the distance. The corners of her mouth curled up slightly. "Has it made its move?"
Speaking up to this point, she frowned slightly, "Logically speaking, this woman should have come to pick a fight with me when she met me!
Why did he choose to escape … Could it be that he's injured? "
As she spoke, her eyes flashed with a strange light, and in the next instant, her entire body turned illusory, entering an unknown starry region.
...
Xiao Er's speed was much faster than Ye Xuan's. Under her lead, the two of them escaped before the black hole exploded. Just as the two of them escaped, the black hole behind them exploded.
Boom!
In an instant, the starry region that the two of them were in began to be annihilated inch by inch!
The Adversity Law did not dare to stay any longer. Grabbing onto Ye Xuan's shoulder, they once again disappeared at the end of the starry sky. Behind the two of them, the starry sky began to be annihilated bit by bit …
The starry sky exploded!
Looking at the scene behind him, Ye Xuan's heart was filled with shock!
Was this the power of nature in the universe?
In this vast universe, humans are really insignificant!
As if thinking of something, Ye Xuan turned to look at Xiao Er, "Xiao Er, if we join forces, can we beat that woman?"
Xiao Er glanced coldly at Ye Xuan, "That woman plays with knives!
More than a hundred thousand years ago, her knife was already an ordinary knife! "
Ye Xuan blinked, and then said, "Pretend I didn't say anything. Let's run!"
Xiao Er stomped her foot, and a bolt of lightning suddenly exploded under her feet. In the next moment, she and Ye Xuan directly disappeared in the deepest part of the starry sky.
Ye Xuan asked again, "Xiao Er, you guardians of the laws of the universe should also have strong and weak ones. Who is the strongest?"
Xiao Er was expressionless, "Me!"
Ye Xuan was speechless. Damn, this Xiao Er is also starting to be shameless!
Xiao Er suddenly said, "I can't stay outside anymore. Otherwise, that woman can use my aura to find me. I have to return to the pagoda."
Ye Xuan nodded, "Alright!"
Xiao Er directly returned to the Prison Pagoda, while Ye Xuan continued to fly on his sword.
At this moment, Xiao Er said again, "Running like this is not a solution.
Qingcheng, Ye Clan, Ancestral Hall.
"Ancestors above, Ye Xuan has no talent, no virtue … From now on, Ye Xuan's position as the Crown Prince shall be removed, and Ye Lang shall take over."
The one who spoke was an old man in black robes.
Not far behind him, stood a youth, with a faint smile on his face.
This person was Ye Lang.
On both sides were the Ye Clan's Elders.
"Why!?"
At this moment, a timid voice suddenly rang out in the ancestral hall.
Everyone turned to look and saw a little girl standing at the door. She was about 12 or 13 years old, and her hands were tightly gripping the hem of her skirt. Her face had a sickly pallor, and she looked a little weak. There was even a hint of fear in her eyes.
This little girl was called Ye Ling, and was Ye Xuan's biological sister. When she heard that the clan wanted to remove Ye Xuan, she ignored her illness and rushed over.
The black-robed old man frowned, "Ye Ling, what are you doing!?"
The little girl called Ye Ling bowed to the people in the ancestral hall, and said timidly, "Great Elder, my brother Ye Xuan is the Crown Prince, why did you remove him for no reason?"
The Great Elder looked at Ye Ling coldly, "This is a matter of the clan, why are you interrupting?
Leave! "
Ye Ling was obviously afraid, and did not dare to look at the Great Elder, but she did not leave. Instead, she plucked up her courage and walked into the ancestral hall. She bowed again to the Elders on both sides, "Dear Elders, my brother is fighting with the Li Clan over the mining rights at Nanshan. He is fighting for the clan, and his life is uncertain. Yet, the clan is using a groundless excuse to remove his Crown Prince position. This is really unfair."
"Impudent!"
The Great Elder suddenly raged, "Whether he is removed or not, it is not up to a little girl like you to decide.
Men, drag her away. "
At this moment, the new Crown Prince Ye Lang suddenly laughed, "You should be flogged thirty times as a warning to others!"
The Great Elder said coldly, "Then flog thirty times!"
Soon, two guards of the Ye Clan rushed in.
Ye Ling clenched her fists, and said angrily, "This is unfair. My brother has risked his life for the clan for so many years, and even now he is fighting for the clan. The clan is so unfair to him …"
One of the guards glanced at the new Crown Prince Ye Lang, and he knew that this was his chance to show off.
The guard sneered, "Young Master Ye Lang inherits the Crown Prince position, and it is everyone's wish. What are you shouting for?" As he spoke, he raised his hand and slapped Ye Ling's face.
Slap!
A crisp slap sounded, and the right side of Ye Ling's face instantly swelled up, but she did not cry. She just held her cheek tightly.
Ye Lang looked at the guard, and smiled, "What's your name?"
The guard hurriedly bowed, "I'm Zhang Mu, greeting the Crown Prince."
Ye Lang nodded, "You're not bad. After I become the Crown Prince, I need ten guards. You can be my guard from now on."
Hearing this, Zhang Mu was overjoyed, and hurriedly bowed deeply, "I'm willing to go through fire and water for the Crown Prince!"
Ye Lang nodded slightly, "Drag him away. This person is disturbing the ancestral hall, so don't show any mercy. Do you understand?"
Zhang Mu glanced at Ye Lang, and when he saw the murderous intent in Ye Lang's eyes, he understood.
He immediately grabbed Ye Ling's hair and dragged her out.
At this moment, Zhang Mu seemed to have seen something, and he suddenly stopped.
In the ancestral hall, everyone turned their heads to look outside.
Not far from the ancestral hall, a young man was walking towards the ancestral hall. The young man was wearing a tight-fitting robe that was tattered, and there was blood everywhere.
This person was Ye Xuan, who had rushed back from the South Mountain!
Seeing Ye Xuan, Ye Lang's mouth curled into a cold smile.
Inside the ancestral hall, the Elders frowned.
The Great Elder narrowed his eyes, and his expression was frighteningly dark. No one knew what he was thinking.
From afar, when Ye Xuan saw Zhang Mu dragging Ye Ling, his expression turned savage, "Who gave you the guts to touch my sister?"
When Zhang Mu saw Ye Xuan, his expression changed. He hurriedly looked at Ye Lang, and was about to speak, when Ye Xuan suddenly leaped in front of him like a ferocious tiger. Before the latter could react, Ye Xuan's fist landed on his face.
Peng!
Zhang Mu felt a wave of dizziness, and he stumbled and fell.
However, Ye Ling did not stop there, and charged towards Zhang Mu once more. At this time, Ye Lang suddenly roared, "Ye Xuan, he's my man, how dare you …"
Ye Xuan suddenly stepped on Zhang Mu's chest.
Pu!
Zhang Mu spat out a mouthful of blood.
Seeing this, Ye Lang's expression turned ugly. Ye Xuan looked up at him, and snarled, "Your man?"
As he spoke, he stepped on Zhang Mu's face.
Zhang Mu's face turned into a bloody mess, as he screamed, "Prince, save, save me …"
Ye Xuan did not care about Zhang Mu, as he walked to Ye Ling's side. Seeing Ye Ling's appearance, Ye Xuan felt as though his heart was being cut by a knife. He clenched his fists, and his entire body trembled.
When Ye Ling saw Ye Xuan, her tears flowed out, "Brother, it hurts, it hurts …"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan's expression turned savage, and in the next instant, he charged in front of Zhang Mu, and kicked Zhang Mu's head.
Peng!
Qingcheng, Ye Clan, Ancestral Hall.
"Ancestors, Ye Xuan has no talent, no virtue … From now on, Ye Xuan's position as Prince shall be replaced by Ye Lang."
The one who spoke was an old man in black robes.
Not far behind the old man, there was a youth with a faint smile on his face.
This person was Ye Lang.
On both sides, there were the Ye Clan Elders.
"Why!?"
At this time, a timid voice rang out in the ancestral hall.
Everyone turned to look and saw a little girl standing at the door. She was about 12 or 13 years old, and her hands were tightly gripping the hem of her skirt. Her face had a sickly pallor, and she looked a little weak. There was even a trace of fear in her eyes.
This little girl was called Ye Ling, and she was Ye Xuan's younger sister. When she heard that the clan wanted to remove Ye Xuan from his position, she disregarded her illness and rushed over.
The black-robed old man frowned, "Ye Ling, what are you doing!?"
The little girl called Ye Ling bowed to the people in the ancestral hall, and said timidly, "Great Elder, my brother Ye Xuan is a Prince, why did you discard him for no reason?"
The Great Elder looked at Ye Ling coldly, "This is a matter of the clan, what are you interrupting for?
Leave! "
Ye Ling was obviously afraid, and did not dare to look at the Great Elder, but she did not leave. Instead, she plucked up her courage and walked into the ancestral hall. She bowed to the Elders on both sides, "Elders, my brother is fighting with the Li Clan over the mining rights at Nanshan. He is fighting for the clan, and we don't know if he's dead or alive. Yet, the clan is using a groundless excuse to discard his position. This is unfair."
"Impudent!"
The Great Elder suddenly raged, "Whether he discards his position or not, it's not up to a little girl like you to decide.
Men, drag her away. "
At this time, the new Prince, Ye Lang, suddenly laughed, "You should be flogged 30 times as a warning to others!"
The Great Elder replied coldly, "Then flog her 30 times!"
Soon, two guards of the Ye Clan rushed in.
Ye Ling clenched her fists, and said angrily, "This is unfair. My brother has risked his life for the clan for so many years, and even now, he is fighting for the clan. The clan is so unfair to him …"
One of the guards glanced at the new Prince, Ye Lang. He knew that this was his chance to shine.
The guard sneered, "Young Master Ye Lang inherits the title of Prince, and it's the wish of everyone. What are you shouting for?" As he spoke, he raised his hand and slapped Ye Ling's face.
Slap!
A crisp slap sounded, and the right side of Ye Ling's face instantly swelled up. However, she did not cry, and only held her cheek tightly.
Ye Lang looked at the guard, and smiled, "What's your name?"
The guard hurriedly bowed, "Subordinate Zhang Mu greets the Prince."
Ye Lang nodded, "You're not bad. After I become the Prince, I need 10 guards. You can be my guard from now on."
Hearing this, Zhang Mu was overjoyed, and hurriedly bowed deeply, "This subordinate is willing to go through fire and water for the Prince, even if it means death!"
Ye Lang nodded slightly, "Drag him out. This person is disturbing the ancestral hall, don't show mercy, understand?"
Zhang Mu glanced at Ye Lang, and when he saw the murderous intent in Ye Lang's eyes, he understood.
He immediately grabbed Ye Ling's hair and dragged her out.
At this moment, Zhang Mu seemed to see something, and suddenly stopped.
In the ancestral hall, everyone turned their heads to look outside.
Not far from the ancestral hall, a young man was walking towards the ancestral hall. The young man was wearing a tight-fitting robe, and the robe was tattered, and there was blood everywhere.
The young man was Ye Xuan, who had rushed back from Nanshan!
Seeing Ye Xuan, Ye Lang's lips curled into a sinister smile.
Inside the ancestral hall, the Elders frowned.
The Great Elder narrowed his eyes, and his face darkened. No one knew what he was thinking.
From afar, when Ye Xuan saw Zhang Mu dragging Ye Ling, his face turned savage, "Who gave you the guts to touch my sister?"
When Zhang Mu saw Ye Xuan, his face changed. He hurriedly looked at Ye Lang, and just as he was about to speak, Ye Xuan leaped in front of him like a ferocious tiger. Before the latter could react, Ye Xuan's fist landed on his face.
Peng!
Zhang Mu felt a wave of dizziness, and he stumbled and fell.
However, Ye Ling did not stop there, and charged towards Zhang Mu once more. At this time, Ye Lang suddenly roared, "Ye Xuan, he's my man, how dare you …"
Ye Xuan suddenly stepped on Zhang Mu's chest.
Pu!
Zhang Mu spat out a mouthful of blood.
Seeing this, Ye Lang's face turned ugly. Ye Xuan looked up at him, and snarled, "Your man?"
As he spoke, he stepped on Zhang Mu's face.
Zhang Mu's face turned into a bloody mess, as he screamed, "Prince, save, save me …"
Ye Xuan did not care about Zhang Mu, as he walked to Ye Ling's side. Seeing Ye Ling's state, Ye Xuan felt as though his heart was being sliced by a knife. He clenched his fists, and his entire body trembled.
When Ye Ling saw Ye Xuan, her tears flowed, "Brother, it hurts, it hurts …"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan's expression turned savage. In the next instant, he charged in front of Zhang Mu, and kicked Zhang Mu's head.
Peng!








Chapter 1545
The Nine-dimensional Universe!
Speaking of the Nine-dimensional Universe, one had to mention a clan.
The Undying Emperor Clan!
In the entire Nine-dimensional Universe, there was only one super clan, the Undying Emperor Clan, known as the number one clan in the universe!
In the entire Nine-dimensional Universe, other than the Nine-Dimensional Tendo, the Undying Emperor Clan had no natural enemies.
This ancient clan had been invincible for millions of years.
Even the Nine-Dimensional Tendo had to give face to this clan!
...
In the Undying Realm.
A drop of burning blood essence slowly floated into the Undying Realm. The moment this drop of blood essence entered the Undying Realm, the entire Undying Realm was shocked!
Blood Call!
This was the supreme secret technique of the Undying Clan. Ordinary people did not have the qualifications to learn it.
Was it a blood call?
At this moment, an old man appeared in front of the drop of blood essence. When he saw it, his expression changed and he said excitedly, "It's the Third Young Lady!
The Third Young Lady's bloodline! "
As he spoke, he escorted the drop of blood essence into the depths of the Undying Realm.
The Third Young Lady!
Countless experts of the Undying Clan were dumbfounded.
Who was the Third Young Lady?
An old man suddenly said with a trembling voice, "It's the Third Young Lady … It's her …"
In the past, the Undying Clan had two outstanding talents. One of them was the Third Young Lady!
The Third Young Lady was very popular in the Undying Clan because she was approachable and did not put on any airs. Of course, she was also the most mischievous and often mischievous.
Unfortunately, that was a long, long time ago. The young people of the Undying Clan did not even know who the Third Young Lady was!
...
The old man escorted the drop of blood essence to the Undying Palace, then slowly retreated.
There was only one woman in the Undying Palace.
The woman wore a black, tight-fitting robe, and her beautiful hair was tied up high behind her head. Between her brows, there was an air of dignity.
This person was the current leader of the Undying Clan, Dongli Jing!
Looking at the drop of blood essence in front of him, Dongli Jing slowly closed his eyes and said softly, "Third Sister … that man's child …"
His voice was filled with complex emotions.
Everyone knew that the Undying Emperor Clan was the number one clan in the universe, but very few people knew that this number one clan had once faced a crisis!
The crisis of almost being exterminated!
That man had killed his way from the Sixth Dimension all the way to the Ninth Dimension, causing the Undead Race to tremble in fear!
At that time, the patriarch of the Undying Race died in battle, more than thirty Heaven Realm experts fell, and several hundred Deity Realm experts were instantly killed. The Undying World collapsed, and not only the Undying World, the entire Ninth Dimension almost collapsed!
Even the Undying Emperor Clan's Ancestor was unable to stop that man's footsteps!
In that battle, the Undying Imperial Clan's core bloodline was nearly exterminated!
If it wasn't for her third sister, she would have been killed in that battle as well!
After a long time, Dongli Jing suddenly opened his eyes. "Issue the Undying Order. Tell the elders of the ten worlds to come see me immediately!"
Very quickly, within the Undying Realm, ten black tokens soared into the sky, straight into the depths of the starry sky.
Once the Immortal Order was out, all the worlds would submit!
In less than a quarter of an hour, ten super powerhouses entered the Undying Great Hall.
Six men and four women!
Apart from these ten people, there were two more old men in the Undying Hall. They were sitting not far from Dongli Jing.
These two were the Undying Clan's Supreme Elders, Dongli Zuo and Dongli Xing!
The two had been in closed-door training for more than a thousand years, but this time, they had come out early!
Dongli Jing opened his palm, and the mysterious woman's drop of blood appeared in his palm. He looked at the crowd, "You should already know the specifics. What do you think?"
Everyone in the hall was silent.
What do they think?
The Undying Imperial Clan naturally didn't have a good impression of that green-robed man. He was the one who had almost exterminated the Undying Imperial Clan!
At this moment, the Supreme Elder Dongli Zuo suddenly said, "That young man has two bloodlines?"
Dongli Jing nodded, "Yes!"
Dongli Zuo frowned, "How is that possible …"
Dongli Jing said, "He indeed has two bloodlines!"
Dongli Zuo said softly, "A miracle!"
At this moment, Dongli Xing suddenly said, "Third Miss, why did you suddenly come to find us?"
Dongli Jing said in a low voice, "That young man is in trouble!"
Dongli Xing frowned, "That man is here, who dares to cause trouble for him?"
Dongli Jing shook his head, "That man isn't here!"
As she spoke, she glanced at the crowd, "Third Sister wants us to lend a hand!"
Dongli Xing said in a low voice, "He is that man's son …"
Dongli Jing glanced at Dongli Xing, "But he has the bloodline of our Undying Imperial Clan!
Moreover, he is Third Sister's son! "
Dongli Xing sighed softly and didn't speak.
Dongli Jing glanced at the crowd, "I know that all of you hate that green-robed man, but to be honest, our Undying Imperial Clan doesn't have the strength to take revenge on him!
Besides that, that child might be an opportunity for our Undying Imperial Clan! "
An opportunity!
Everyone looked at Dongli Jing when they heard this. Dongli Jing said softly, "Since our ancestor, no one from our Undying Imperial Clan has been able to break through their bloodlines. However, this young man might be able to!
If he breaks through his bloodline and brings our Undying Imperial Bloodline to a new height, then our entire Undying Imperial Clan will benefit! "
Hearing this, the expressions of the people in the hall became slightly excited!
Why was the Undying Imperial Clan so strong?
It was because of their bloodline!
But now, their bloodline had become their shackles. Because it had been a very, very long time since anyone had been able to break through their bloodline!
If someone was willing to break through their Undying Bloodline, then the entire clan's bloodline would be able to break through their shackles!
Simply speaking, if someone was able to break through the shackles of their Undying Bloodline, then it would be equivalent to raising the upper limits of the Undying Imperial Clan's bloodline and allowing the Undying Imperial Clan to become even stronger!
Meanwhile, someone suddenly asked, "Patriarch, what realm is that young man at?"
Dongli Jing spoke softly, "The Dao Formation Realm!"
The expressions of everyone here instantly became extremely unsightly when they heard this.
The Dao Formation Realm!
That's too low!
Even a sweeper from the Undying Imperial Clan has a higher cultivation realm than that!
And now they're inviting him back to be their Young Master?
The Undying Imperial Clan couldn't afford to lose face like that!
Meanwhile, Dongli Jing added, "According to Third Sister, he attained Mortal Attainment in the Sword when he was being pursued by a ferocious beast in the Nether River Starfield!"
Mortal Attainment!
The expressions of everyone here changed violently when they heard this!
Meanwhile, Dongli Zuo suddenly stood up, and his eyes were filled with viciousness, "A ferocious beast from the lower planes actually dared to pursue and kill the Young Master of my Undying Imperial Clan? Guards!"
As soon as he finished speaking, a guard suddenly appeared here.
Dongli Zuo spoke fiercely, "Immediately lead our forces to the Nether River Starfield and slaughter all the ferocious beasts there!
No, let's destroy that Star Field! "
The guard bowed slightly, "Yes!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he was about to turn around and leave. Meanwhile, Dongli Jing spoke abruptly, "Forget it!"
Dongli Zuo gazed at Dongli Jing, and he spoke softly, "The karma of slaughtering a starfield is too great!
Moreover, his true enemy isn't the people of that starfield. It's … the Cosmos Divine Court! "
The Cosmos Divine Court!
The expressions of everyone here changed when they heard this!
There were very few existences in the boundless universe that the Undying Imperial Clan feared, and the Cosmos Divine Court was one of them!
Dongli Jing gazed at them, "Are we protecting him or not?"
Dongli Zuo spoke solemnly, "Why is the Cosmos Divine Court targeting him?"
Dongli Jing gazed at Dongli Zuo, "Because he doesn't just possess two bloodlines, he even possesses the Constitution of Calamity!"
Constitution of Calamity!
Everyone in the hall glanced at each other …
"Protect him!"
Right at this moment, Dongli Jing spoke abruptly, "It has been 800,000 years since anyone from our Undying Imperial Clan has broken through the bloodline shackles!
This youth is our chance!
Because it's very likely that he's fused the bloodline of our Undying Imperial Clan with the Mad Demon Bloodline. Once they fuse, his Undying Bloodline will definitely reach new heights!
Moreover …
This youth has already become a mortal at such a young age … In other words, he might become an invincible Swordsman like his father in the future … "
As he spoke, he gazed at Dongli Jing, "We must protect him!"
Dongli Jing said, "Even if we become enemies with the Cosmos Divine Court?"
Dongli Jing roared with laughter, "So what?
We'll just do it! "
Dongli Jing turned around and glanced at everyone, "Do you have any objections?"
Everyone shook their heads.
Dongli Jing suddenly spoke, "Men!"
As soon as he finished speaking, an old man appeared in front of Dongli Jing.
Dongli Jing was expressionless, "Immediately inform the Seventh and Eighth Dimensions. Tell them to drop everything and use all their power to search for our Undying Imperial Clan's young master. After finding him, protect him at all costs!
Whichever universe he's in, our Undying Imperial Clan will exterminate that universe! "
The old man bowed respectfully, "Understood!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he turned illusory.
Dongli Jing looked at the elders in the hall, "Elders of the ten worlds, the ten of you will drop everything and send all the experts of the ten worlds to the lower realms to search for him. You will go personally!
Remember, protect him at all costs. We cannot let him die in the hands of the Cosmos Divine Court! "
The ten people bowed, "Understood!"
As soon as they finished speaking, the ten people disappeared from the hall!
Dongli Jing suddenly spoke again, "Big Dipper!"
As soon as he finished speaking, an armored woman appeared in front of Dongli Jing.
Dongli Jing looked at the woman, "How many Undying Imperial Army soldiers are there in the clan now!"
The woman was expressionless, "69!"
Dongli Jing said, "Immediately recall everyone and personally lead a team to the lower realms to search for the young master!
If he's found, the Undying Imperial Army must obey the young master unconditionally! "
Big Dipper replied, "Understood!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she disappeared.
Dongli Jing suddenly spoke again, "Nan Xing!"
As soon as he finished speaking, a man appeared in front of Dongli Jing.
Dongli Jing looked at Nan Xing, "You are in charge of the intelligence network of our Undying Imperial Clan and the ten thousand worlds. Now, I want you to use all your power to search for him!
Remember, he's being chased by the Cosmos Divine Court. He's definitely in a difficult situation. So, you have to be quick, understand? "
Nan Xing said solemnly, "I've already ordered all the intelligence network leaders to drop everything they're doing and start searching for the young master!"
As he said this, he paused, "I'll personally make a trip to the Tian Ji God Sect to ask for their help. However, I'm afraid this sect won't offend the Cosmos Divine Court. We …"
Dongli Jing stared at Nan Xing. "Tell the Heavenly Arcanum Sect that if anything happens to our Undying Imperial Clan's young master, our Undying Imperial Clan will slaughter the entire Heavenly Arcanum Sect.
Nan Xing bowed slightly, "Understood!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he disappeared on the spot.
Dongli Jing slowly closed his eyes. "According to what I know, he has the Disaster Body, and is currently being targeted by the Disaster Law … Elders, immediately activate our Undying Imperial Clan's Undying Blood Formation, and then forcibly block the power of the Disaster Law …"
....
PS: That's all!
However, we'll continue tomorrow.
Will it work or not!
If it doesn't work, I'll commit seppuku as an apology!








Chapter 1546
Somewhere in the starry sky, the mysterious woman withdrew her gaze!
Because she sensed that her drop of blood essence had returned to the Undying Imperial Clan!
At the side, Mu Niannian said, "How is it?"
The mysterious woman said softly, "I have informed the Undying Imperial Clan!
As for what they do, it is up to them! "
Saying that, she looked into the distance, "Our top priority now is to find him!"
Saying that, she disappeared into the starry sky.
Tu coldly looked into the distance, no one knew what she was thinking.
Mu Niannian said softly, "Miss Tu, our current enemy is the Law of Disaster and the mysterious force behind her!"
Tu was silent.
Mu Niannian said again, "Let's go!"
Saying that, she turned into a sword light and disappeared into the distance.
Tu was silent for a moment, then disappeared into the distance.
...
Somewhere in the starry sky, Ye Xuan was flying on his sword.
Actually, he was a little panicked!
Because he sensed a dangerous aura, and that aura was getting stronger and stronger!
As if thinking of something, Ye Xuan said, "Xiao Er, how far is she from us?"
Xiao Er said, "If you stop, she will appear in front of you in ten breaths of time!"
Ten breaths of time!
Ye Xuan's expression became solemn, he only had ten breaths of time!
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly looked into the distance. In the depths of the starry sky, he sensed the aura of life!
There was someone!
Ye Xuan immediately sped up!
Not long after Ye Xuan disappeared, a woman suddenly appeared in the starry sky.
Mu Xiaodao!
Mu Xiaodao looked into the distance and smiled, "Are you escaping?
I love cats catching mice! "
As soon as she finished speaking, she disappeared.
In the distance, Ye Xuan had just entered the starry sky with life when a young man suddenly appeared in front of him. The young man shouted angrily, "Who are you? How dare you trespass into the Great Thousand World!
I don't want … "
The young man's voice stopped abruptly because a sword was pressed against his forehead!
Ye Xuan looked at the young man. The young man blinked, "Big … Big Brother … You've passed!
I didn't see anything! "
Ye Xuan was stunned for a moment before he said angrily, "Are you that spineless?"
The young man smiled bitterly and said, "Big Brother … I'm just a doorkeeper, and I've just been appointed. Don't make things difficult for me!
It wasn't easy for me to get to where I am now … "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
At this moment, the Gate of Adversity suddenly said, "She's coming!"
Ye Xuan's expression changed when he heard this, and he directly transformed into a ray of light that vanished into the distance.
The young man instantly heaved a sigh of relief when he saw Ye Xuan vanish!
He was almost killed on his first day in office …
Right at this moment, a woman suddenly appeared soundlessly in front of the young man.
The young man's expression changed drastically when he saw this!
This woman was Mu Xiaodao!
Mu Xiaodao raised her head and looked into the distance. A moment later, her eyebrows slightly furrowed. "Has the aura disappeared?"
The young man stood to the side, not daring to breathe.
Mu Xiaodao suddenly said, "What realm is this?"
The young man hurriedly said, "Boundless World!"
The corner of Mu Xiaodao's mouth lifted slightly. "Let's see how you escape!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she took a step forward. With this step, her entire body disappeared into the starry sky.
In the starry sky, the young man's mind was in a mess …
...
Somewhere in a city, Ye Xuan walked among the crowd.
(This chapter is not finished, please continue to the next page)
At this moment, his aura had been completely concealed with the help of Xiao Ta and Xiao Er.
It could be said that he was now an ordinary person. As long as he did not expose his aura, it was basically impossible for the other party to use their divine sense to find him!
After all, Xiao Ta and Xiao Er were not simple characters.
Ye Xuan looked around. He also did not know what city this was. He only knew that the Boundless World was very, very big, bigger than the Fifth Dimension. He randomly found such a city in the endless Boundless World. As long as he did not expose his aura, it was basically impossible for the other party to find him.
At this moment, Xiao Er suddenly said, "Remember not to attack. Once you attack, you will immediately expose your aura. Once you expose your aura, with your current distance from her, her flying knife will stab into your head in half a breath!"
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Then do we continue to hide like this?"
Xiao Er said, "That's the only way for now!"
Ye Xuan walked into the distance. After walking for a while, he suddenly said, "Xiao Er, you guys are from the Cosmos God Court. Then, this Cosmos God Court only has the laws of the universe and you guys as the protectors of the laws?"
Xiao Er sneered, "What do you think?"
Ye Xuan frowned slightly, "Is there anything else?"
Xiao Er said indifferently, "Take a guess!"
Ye Xuan, "…"
Xiao Er said again, "This Mu Xiaodao came to find you. Do you know what this means?"
Ye Xuan was a little curious, "What does it mean?"
Xiao Er said, "It means that another universal law has made a move against you!"
Ye Xuan, "…"
At this moment, Xiao Er suddenly said, "From now on, you should try to keep a low profile. Because you have a disaster on you, anything you do might bring about bad consequences!"
Ye Xuan nodded, "I will try to keep a low profile!"
As soon as his voice fell, at this moment, his face changed drastically, and he hurriedly retreated. Just as he retreated, a powerful force suddenly blasted in front of him.
Rumble!
Ye Xuan was directly blown away!
He did not dare to use his own strength to resist, so he was directly blown away. But fortunately, this force was not particularly strong, so he did not suffer too much!
In the ruins, Ye Xuan crawled out, he was a little confused, someone is deliberately targeting me?
Ye Xuan looked up into the distance, not far away, there stood a woman, the woman was about 20 years old, wearing a black and red dress, her hair was tied into long whips, her whole person looked particularly hot.
Opposite the woman, there was also an old man!
Ye Xuan frowned, fuck, I don't know these two!
At this moment, the woman in the distance suddenly said angrily, "Grandfather, I, Fang Xue will not marry that Lin family's good-for-nothing son!"
The old man frowned slightly, a little displeased, "Girl, go back with me!"
Fang Xue said coldly, "I will not go back with you!"
The old man was about to speak, at this moment, a young man appeared beside Fang Xue, the young man looked at Fang Xue, smiled, "Sister Xue …"
Fang Xue suddenly said angrily, "Lin Su, my name is Fang Xue!
I'll tell you today, I, Fang Xue, already have someone I like!
I will not marry you! "
Lin Su said with a smile, "Sister Xue, I know, you're deliberately angering me, you don't have anyone you like!"
Fang Xue glared angrily at Lin Su, at this moment, she glanced at the surroundings, and suddenly pointed at Ye Xuan who had just climbed out of the nearby ruins, "I'll tell you, I like him!"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan directly jumped up, he was slightly stunned, and he was astonished in his heart, "Little Er!
Fuck, isn't your Law of Disaster a bit too ridiculous?
Is this how you play it?
Huh? "
Within the Prison Pagoda, Little Er's expression was slightly unsightly, she said angrily, "Who allowed you to watch the show?
Let me tell you, in any case, you are not allowed to make a move!
(This chapter is not finished, please continue to the next page)
If you make a move, that woman will stab your head with a flying knife! "
Ye Xuan, "…"
At this moment, Fang Xue suddenly ran over to Ye Xuan, she directly hugged Ye Xuan's arm, and then looked provocatively at the distant Lin Su, "Lin Su, I like him!"
Lin Su's gaze gradually turned gloomy when he witnessed this scene!
Fang Xue was his fiancée, yet she was actually hugging a man's arm in broad daylight ….
Lin Su's eyes were filled with killing intent!
Right at this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly glanced coldly at Fang Xue, "Fuck off!"
Fuck off!
As soon as this voice resounded, everyone here was stunned!
Fang Xue was slightly stunned as well. This man told me to fuck off?
Ye Xuan gazed at Fang Xue, "Miss Fang Xue, have you thought about your Fang Clan when you did this?"
Fang Xue stared fixedly at Ye Xuan, "What do you mean!?"
Ye Xuan laughed coldly, "What do I mean?
I can understand that you don't like Brother Lin, but why did you humiliate Brother Lin?
Do you know that your actions earlier aren't just an insult to Brother Lin and his Lin Clan, it's an insult to your Fang Clan as well!?
Have you ever thought that your willfulness might cause our clans to become enemies? "
Fang Xue spoke angrily, "Are you trying to teach me how to do things?"
The corners of Ye Xuan's mouth curled into a ridiculing smile, "Teach you how to do things?
Do you think your grandfather and Brother Lin can't tell that you randomly picked a man to be your shield on the streets? "
As he spoke, he gazed at Lin Su, "Brother Lin, forgive me for speaking bluntly, but this kind of unruly and willful woman isn't worth it!"
Lin Su glanced at Ye Xuan, "You are?"
Ye Xuan walked over to Lin Su and smiled, "I'm Yang Xuan, people call me Young Master Yang!"
Yang Clan?
Lin Su frowned slightly, I don't think I've heard of it!
Ye Xuan was about to speak when Fang Xue suddenly ran over to Ye Xuan and said angrily, "You damnable man, you actually dare to say that I'm unruly and willful. Do you not want …"
Meanwhile, Ye Xuan suddenly said angrily, "Stay away from me!"
As he spoke, he hastily retreated to Lin Su's side, his right hand tightly grabbing onto Lin Su's sleeve. When he looked at Fang Xue, his eyes were filled with disgust, as if he had seen something extremely disgusting!
Seeing this scene, everyone was somewhat dumbfounded!
As for Fang Xue, she was so angry that her lungs were about to explode!
Fang Xue glared at Ye Xuan, her eyes filled with killing intent, "You dare to humiliate me!"
Ye Xuan glanced coldly at Fang Xue, "Women, there isn't a single good thing!
Men are still the best! "
As he spoke, he turned to look at Lin Su, the disgust in his eyes instantly turned into a trace of strangeness.
Men are still the best!
Hearing this, Fang Xue was stunned.
Lin Su was stunned as well.
Fang Xue looked at Ye Xuan, she blinked her eyes, "You … You like men!"
Ye Xuan glared at Fang Xue and said angrily, "Can't I?
Can't I?
Can't I like men?
Ah?
Don't you know that the opposite sex is only for reproduction, and the same sex is true love? "
Fang Xue's throat rolled, "I …"
At this moment, Lin Su, who was beside Ye Xuan, quietly pulled back his sleeve that Ye Xuan had grabbed. He moved a few steps to the side, he glanced at Ye Xuan, "Brother Yang, I still have matters to attend to, farewell!
Farewell! "
After speaking, he turned and left, walking very quickly, and as he walked, he took off his clothes …
At the side, Fang Xue glanced at Ye Xuan, she hesitated, a trace of apology flashed in her eyes, "Sorry, I didn't know you like men … I … I'm really sorry …"
Inside the Prison Pagoda.
Xiao Er was silent for a long time, she gave a thumbs up, "You really are a goddamn talent!"
....
(End of this chapter)








Chapter 1547
Seeing that Lin Su had left, Ye Xuan also turned to leave!
If they were to fight, these people really wouldn't be his match.
But it was completely unnecessary!
He didn't want to be used by this woman!
At this moment, Fang Xue suddenly stood in front of Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan frowned slightly.
He really didn't have a good impression of this woman!
To be honest, he really wanted to cut this woman down with his sword!
This woman used him as a shield, completely not considering his life or death. Think about it, if he was an ordinary person, what would the result be?
He would definitely die!
Previously, he had already felt the killing intent from Lin Su's eyes!
Fang Xue glanced at Ye Xuan, "Still angry?"
Ye Xuan was expressionless, "Move aside!"
Fang Xue said softly, "I really didn't know you liked men!"
Just as Ye Xuan was about to speak, Fang Xue suddenly approached Ye Xuan and grinned, "Actually, I think what you said is very right."
Ye Xuan frowned slightly, "What's very right?"
Fang Xue blinked, "The opposite sex is only for reproduction, the same sex is true love!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Fang Xue looked around, then said softly, "Actually, I like women!"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan was dumbfounded. F * ck, this is really f * cking explosive!
Fang Xue sighed softly, "Unfortunately, no one can understand me!"
Saying that, she looked at Ye Xuan, "Is it wrong to like women?"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Fang Xue suddenly said, "Yang Xuan, you're not an ordinary person, right?"
Ye Xuan looked at Fang Xue, "What do you mean?"
Fang Xue said seriously, "When you faced me and Lin Su, there was no fear in your eyes. There's only one explanation, and that is you have confidence!
So, you're definitely not an ordinary person! "
Ye Xuan smiled, "I'm just an ordinary person. Miss, I still have things to do, so I'll take my leave!"
Saying that, he turned around and left.
He did not want to provoke this woman. She seemed to be in her rebellious phase. It was better not to provoke her!
Fang Xue didn't stop Ye Xuan. She looked at Ye Xuan's back as he left, deep in thought.
After Ye Xuan left, he immediately found an empty courtyard. In the courtyard, he sat cross-legged on the ground and said in a deep voice, "Little Er, can you predict what will happen to me next?"
Xiao Er: "Yes!"
Ye Xuan quickly asked, "What's going to happen to me next?"
Xiao Er said: "You will be enlightened after this, and immediately reach the level of a true mortal sword!"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan was overjoyed. "Are you kidding me?"
Xiao Er said indifferently, "You were the one who joked with me first!
Please, if I could predict the future, would I have ended up like this? "
Ye Xuan's expression froze. After a short while, he said, "Aren't many extraordinary experts able to predict what will happen in the future?"
Xiao Er said: "Some experts who have reached a certain level can predict what will happen in the future. However, it's absolutely impossible for them to predict in detail. They can only predict the general situation.
Moreover, it depends on the situation. For example, if the tribulation or the person related to the tribulation is too strong, then they won't be able to predict it.
For example, that big brother of yours. He's not tainted by any karma. If he wants to kill someone, then the person who is killed will not be able to predict anything related to your big brother! "
Hearing this, Ye Xuan said softly, "I understand!"
Xiao Er continued: "The future is uncertain, and it's exactly because of this that a person's life is meaningful!
If a person's future is destined, then what's the point of his life? "
Ye Xuan said softly, "I thought that the Cosmos Court would make every single person's life.
(This chapter is not finished, please continue to the next page.)
A person's fate is already determined! "
Xiao Er said: "We're not that strong!
What we protect is the order of the universe. Whether it's us or the universal laws, we're the guardians of the order of the universe.
As for the Dao of Destiny that you mentioned … Everyone's destiny is actually different, and it's not fair.
For example, some people are born with wealth. Their starting point is the end point that some ordinary people can't reach in their entire lives.
Of course, it's not absolute. There are many people who can change their destiny through their own hard work.
Therefore, everyone's destiny is determined at birth, but the future is not. "
Ye Xuan asked: "Is there a Destiny Law?"
Xiao Er said: "Yes!
The second is the Destiny Law! "
Ye Xuan was a little curious: "What about the first?"
Xiao Er said calmly: "Guess!"
Ye Xuan's face darkened. Guess my ass!
Xiao Er said: "The duty of the Destiny Law is to protect the order of destiny and not let others control their own destiny … However, she's also injured now. Her power of law can no longer protect the Dao of Destiny of this vast universe!"
Ye Xuan frowned slightly: "The Destiny Law is injured?
Who did it? "
Xiao Er said coldly: "You did it!
Your sister did it! "
Ye Xuan: "…"
Xiao Er's voice became colder: "When that mysterious person forcibly reincarnated, not only did he injure the Reincarnation Law, but he also injured the Destiny Law and the Karma Law!
Not only did he jump out of the order of the Destiny Law, but he also controlled the fate of that life!
No, I should say, he implicated that life of yours! "
At this point, she suddenly sneered: "However, this guy's luck is also bad. I guess he never dreamed that you have a sister who is even more heaven-defying than him!
Your sister forcibly saved you and suppressed him!
This guy is really bloody unlucky! "
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice: "Xiao Er, that mysterious person can also defy the laws of the universe. My sister Qing 'er can also defy the laws of the universe. Who is stronger?"
Xiao Er said coldly: "Do you still need to ask this question?"
Ye Xuan was a little puzzled: "What do you mean?"
Xiao Er said: "The one who lives well is stronger!"
Ye Xuan was stunned, then shook his head with a smile. It was obvious that Qing 'er was strong!
Yes!
If Qing 'er was not strong, the one who should be suppressed should be her!
As if thinking of something, Ye Xuan asked again: "Xiao Er, from what you said, that mysterious person is also very strong!
He can actually defy the laws of the universe! "
Xiao Er was silent for a moment, then said: "He is the first person to defy the laws of the universe!"
Ye Xuan asked: "Do you know his identity?"
Xiao Er said lightly: "I don't know!"
Ye Xuan blinked: "Actually, in that case, you and I are both victims!
Since we are all victims, why do we hurt each other?
Isn't it better for us to join forces to kill that mysterious person? "
Xiao Er said angrily: "We are the victims!
You are not a victim!
Your sister and that father of yours are worse than that mysterious person, especially your sister, she defied the laws of the universe more than that mysterious person!
Not only does she want to defy the laws of the universe, she also wants to kill the laws of the universe! "
Ye Xuan was speechless: "If you don't mess with me, Qing 'er will not target you!"
Xiao Er suddenly said: "Why don't you come with me to the Cosmos God Court to plead guilty?
Let's settle this peacefully! "
Ye Xuan blinked and said with a smile, "Sure!"
Xiao Er quickly said: "Are you sure?"
Ye Xuan smiled: "I will bring my brother and Qing 'er there, we will settle this peacefully!"
Xiao Er's expression instantly turned cold.
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly raised his head. In the sky, there was a powerful
(This chapter is not finished, please flip the page)
The aura spread over!
At this moment, Xiao Er's expression changed greatly: "Not good!
That woman is using the misfortune law to find you!
She is forcefully sensing the misfortune law, if she can sense it, she can use the misfortune law to find you!
Because in this world, you are currently the only misfortune body!
Wherever the power of the Law of Calamity is, it's definitely where you are! "
Ye Xuan's expression sank, "Do you have any solution?"
Xiao Er was silent for a moment, said: "Call your brother here!"
Ye Xuan: "…"
Xiao Er said: "It is not too late to call him now!"
Ye Xuan smiled bitterly, "I want to call him too, but I don't know where he went!"
Xiao Er was stunned, then said: "You can't contact him?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "He can contact me, but I can't contact him!"
Xiao Er said angrily: "Just wait for your death!"
Ye Xuan spread his hands, "If this woman finds me, do you think she will let you off?"
Xiao Er was furious, "You think I am afraid of her?"
Ye Xuan blinked, "Miss Xiao Er, of course you are not afraid of her, but you are still being suppressed!
If that woman takes advantage of you, what will you do! "
In the World Prison Pagoda, Xiao Er's expression was extremely ugly.
Take advantage of me?
That woman will definitely take advantage of me and humiliate me!
Thinking of this, Xiao Er's expression became even uglier!
Ye Xuan hurriedly said: "Quickly think of a way!"
Xiao Er was expressionless, "What else can I do?
Just screw her and be done with it! "
Xiao Er blinked, "Can the two of us beat her?"
Xiao Er said coldly, "Even if we can't beat her, we have to!"
Ye Xuan was speechless, listening to this woman, she might not be able to beat her!
Ye Xuan thought for a moment, then said: "Why don't you help me stall her?
I will go find reinforcements! "
Xiao Er sneered, "Let me tell you, if we live, we live together, if we die, we die together!
Do as you see fit! "
Ye Xuan: "…"
Xiao Ta suddenly said: "Xiao Er, are you going to live and die with the young master?
Wow, don't tell me you like the young master! "
Xiao Er suddenly flew into a rage, "Stupid door, shut up!"
Xiao Ta floated to the ninth floor, it chuckled, "Come and hit me then!"
Ye Xuan: "…"
Soon, a series of explosions rang out in the Prison Pagoda …
Ye Xuan was about to speak, at this moment, at this moment, Xiao Er suddenly stopped, she suddenly looked up, after a moment, her eyes narrowed slightly, "Someone is helping you resist the Disaster Law!"
Ye Xuan hurriedly said: "Who?
Is it my big brother? "
Xiao Er shook her head, "No, if it was your big brother, he would have chopped that woman with a sword!
What's the point of blocking! "
Ye Xuan frowned slightly, "Then who could it be?"
Xiao Er said solemnly: "It's not a person, the other party is using an array to help you resist!"
A trace of confusion flashed in Ye Xuan's eyes, "Array?"
Xiao Er looked at Ye Xuan, "You really don't know?"
Ye Xuan shook his head, "I don't know …"
Xiao Er glanced at Ye Xuan, silent.
This guy doesn't look like he's lying!
Just how many helpers does this guy have?
Fuck!
Endless helpers!
In the starry sky, Mu Xiaodao raised his head, his expression cold, "Who is resisting the power of the Disaster Law, do they not want to live?"
After a moment of silence, a voice came from the endless starry sky, "Undying Emperor Clan, please kill me!"
...
(End of this chapter)








Chapter 1548
Undying Emperor Clan?
Ye Xuan was dumbfounded.
Which faction was this?
At this moment, Xiao Er said softly, "Why would this clan help you block the disaster laws?"
Ye Xuan asked quickly, "Xiao Er, do you know this clan?"
Xiao Er said after a moment of silence, "They are known as the number one clan in the universe!"
At this point, she frowned, "You don't know them?"
Ye Xuan shook his head, "I don't!"
Xiao Er said after a moment of silence, "Damn!
I almost forgot about the bloodline in your body … you are from the Undying Emperor Clan! "
Ye Xuan, "…"
At this moment, Xiao Er said, "Run!"
Ye Xuan looked up at the sky, "The Undying Emperor Clan can't stop this woman?"
Xiao Er said angrily, "Stop my ass!
The Undying Emperor Clan is in the nine-dimensional universe, which is several universes away from here. How can they stop this woman? "
Ye Xuan thought for a moment, then turned and ran!
At this moment, Ye Xuan was extremely shocked!
The nine-dimensional universe!
There really was a nine-dimensional universe!
He couldn't understand why a faction in the nine-dimensional universe would protect him?
Could it be his mother's clan?
But Dugu Xuan was just an ordinary woman!
Moreover, Dugu Xuan didn't seem to have the bloodline of the undying!
Could it be that his birth parents were someone else?
Thinking of this, Ye Xuan felt a headache. He almost couldn't figure out whose son he was!
...
In the starry sky, Mu Xiaodao looked at the depths of the starry sky, his eyes cold, "Undying Emperor Clan!"
In the depths of the starry sky, a figure condensed!
It was the patriarch of the Undying Emperor Clan, Dongli Jing!
Void projection!
And his body was several universes away in the nine-dimensional universe!
Dongli Jing looked at Mu Xiaodao, his expression calm, "Law protector!"
Mu Xiaodao smiled, "What, your Undying Emperor Clan wants to protect this youth called Ye Xuan?"
Dongli Jing said calmly, "So what!"
Unyielding!
The Undying Emperor Clan had existed for millions of years. Other than that time when they met the green-robed man, they had never been afraid!
Although they were wary of the Cosmos God Court, they weren't afraid!
Of course, a large part of the reason for this confidence was because of the green-robed man!
This Ye Xuan not only possessed the bloodline of the Undying Imperial Clan, he also possessed the bloodline of the green-clothed man. In other words, the Undying Imperial Clan was standing together with the green-clothed man!
"So what if I am?"
A cold smile appeared on Dongli Jing's face. "It seems like your Undying Imperial Clan has been very arrogant these past few years!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she opened her palm, and the flying dagger in her hand flew out.
Chi!
In the distance, Higashi Yasushi's projection vanished, but the flying dagger didn't stop. It pierced through the starry sky, and wherever it passed, space was annihilated inch by inch. Even the cosmic barrier couldn't stop it.
In just a few breaths of time, the flying knife had already arrived in the sky above the Undying World of the Nine-Dimensional Universe. Then, it struck the Undying Blood Array.
Boom!
The entire Undying Blood Formation trembled violently and then was annihilated inch by inch!
The flying dagger had already disappeared!
The expressions of the experts from the Undying Imperial Clan turned unsightly when they witnessed this scene!
Higashi Yasushi suddenly said in a cold voice, "I'll go meet her!
All of you, reconstruct the formation. You must help him block the Laws of Calamity! "
As soon as she finished speaking, she took a step forward and pulled her hands forward.
Hiss!
The space in front of her was torn apart by her hands, and then she stepped into the spatial rift and vanished in the blink of an eye!
After Higashi Yasushi left, Dongli Zuo suddenly said, "Reconstruct the formation!"
It didn't take long for another grand formation to rise slowly from within the Undying Imperial Clan …
...
The chiliocosm.
Mu Xiaodao opened her palm, and a flying dagger flew back into her hand. At this moment, her expression was extremely gloomy.
She'd almost found Ye Xuan just now!
However, she'd been stopped by the Undying Imperial Clan!
The Undying Imperial Clan!
Mu Xiaodao was quite puzzled. Why would this ancient clan suddenly help Ye Xuan?
After a moment of silence, Mu Xiaodao turned around and glanced around. She didn't sense the auras of Ye Xuan or Xiao Er!
They've escaped again!
Mu Xiaodao suddenly raised her palm into the sky. In the next moment, a ray of red light shot into the sky and shot into the starry sky.
...
On the other side, within Ye Xuan's body, Xiao Er suddenly said, "Not good!
That woman is calling for the Universe Enforcer! "
Ye Xuan frowned slightly. "Universe Enforcer?"
Xiao Er said solemnly, "Yes!
Within the Universe God Court, there's a mysterious team called the Universe Enforcer. They frequently patrol the universe and specifically kill those who destroy the order of the universe. For example, those who reincarnate and are reborn … "
Ye Xuan asked, "Are they powerful?"
Xiao Er said, "With your current strength, you can barely become a Universe Enforcer."
Ye Xuan's expression darkened. "This woman called Mu Xiaodao is actually calling for people. She's too shameless!"
Xiao Er said coldly, "Although I don't like that woman, please, when it comes to calling for people, who can compare to you, Young Master Ye?"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Ye Xuan didn't continue bickering with this woman. He looked around and said, "Miss Xiao Er, where do we escape to?"
Xiao Er said, "We can't escape!"
Ye Xuan frowned slightly. "What do you mean?"
Xiao Er said solemnly, "You can't fly a sword, and you can't use Xuan Qi. Otherwise, that woman will immediately sense you!"
Ye Xuan's expression was a little ugly. "So I can only wait for death?"
After a moment of silence, Xiao Er said, "Can you help me remove the sword qi that Swordsman left in between my eyebrows?"
Ye Xuan blinked. "No!"
What a joke. The reason why this woman was standing with him now was because she was currently weaker and couldn't beat the woman who played with knives. If this guy recovered his strength!
Needless to say, he would definitely be twinned!
Xiao Er said calmly, "Then I have no other way!
Think of a way yourself! "
Ye Xuan thought about it and said, "Miss Xiao Er, what's the personality of this woman who plays with knives?"
Xiao Er laughed coldly. "What? Do you want to use your shamelessness to defeat her?"
Ye Xuan laughed embarrassedly. "I'm just asking. After all, as my enemy, I should at least understand her personality, right?"
Xiao Er said flatly, "Don't think about all that fancy stuff!
This woman isn't as stupid as you think. You're dreaming if you want to deceive her! "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Before he knew it, Ye Xuan had arrived at a mountain range. Actually, he was slightly panicking because the Law of Disaster was too mysterious!
It caused trouble at the slightest provocation!
Suddenly, the sounds of battle resounded from afar!
Ye Xuan's expression instantly changed when he witnessed this, and he immediately turned around and left!
Meanwhile, the Door of Disaster suddenly roared angrily, "Hurry up!"
Ye Xuan said furiously, "Go my ass!
Little Ernie, can you talk to the Misfortune Law and tell it not to play like this?
If you have the ability, then fight me openly!
Why are you doing such despicable things! "
Xiao Er said coldly, "Are you sure you want her to come over and fight you in person?"
Ye Xuan blinked. "Can she come over?"
Xiao Er said calmly, "Her Law of Disaster is on you. What do you think?"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
At this moment, Xiao Ta suddenly said, "Young master, don't be a coward. There's nothing to be afraid of!
We'll just fight! "
The corners of Ye Xuan's mouth twitched. F * ck, he really wanted to beat this Xiao Ta to death!
At this moment, an explosion suddenly came from afar. The next moment, a figure rushed out from the dense forest in the distance.
It was a young man in his twenties. His body was covered in injuries, and it was obvious that he had experienced a huge battle!
The young man staggered toward Ye Xuan. He was about to speak when he spat out a mouthful of blood.
Ye Xuan turned around and left.
His instincts told him that something bad had happened!
Dammit!
Right at this moment, the young man suddenly strode forward and grabbed the young man. "Brother!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The young man withdrew a spatial ring and stuffed it into Ye Xuan's hand. His voice trembled as he said, "Brother, do me a favor and send this to the southern city's Xiao Family!" Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment, and then he said, "I'm in a very difficult position!"
The young man hurriedly said, "No, I won't help you for nothing!"
As he spoke, he withdrew a huge pile of crystals and placed them in front of Ye Xuan. "Brother, do me this favor, and all of these are yours!
Moreover, the Eldest Young Miss will reward you handsomely! "
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment, and then he withdrew a spatial ring. "Have a look!"
The young man glanced at it, and he was stunned in the next moment!
There were hundreds of millions of top-grade energy crystals in the spatial ring, and they were all of the highest quality!
The young man gulped. "Brother … This …"
Ye Xuan gazed at the young man and spoke seriously, "Brother, I'm not interested in money!"
The young man felt suffocated, and he spat out another mouthful of blood.
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment, and then he clenched his right hand tightly, and a strand of violet energy suddenly appeared in his palm.
He could save this man's life!
Meanwhile, Xiao Er suddenly said, "I advise you not to save him!
If you do, then something bad will definitely happen!
Because if you save him, then it'll be a cause, and this cause will definitely be a bad cause! "
Ye Xuan spoke solemnly in his heart, What if I don't save him?
Xiao Er fell silent for a moment before she said, Not saving him is also a bad cause!
Something bad will definitely happen as well!
Ye Xuan was furious in his heart. Dammit! Xiao Er, tell me, is the Law of Disaster doing things to humans?
She's forcing an innocent girl to become a prostitute!
Xiao Er fell silent.
She felt that doing this was going a bit too far …
Xiao Er was shocked when she thought up to this point. How could I have such a thought?
I'm the protector of the Law of Disaster!
I should be steadfast in protecting the Law of Disaster!
Outside, Ye Xuan fell silent.
Dammit! I can't save him, but I can't not save him either!
At this moment, the young man slowly collapsed to the ground. He handed the storage ring to Ye Xuan and begged, "Brother, this is extremely important to my Xiao family. Please help me … and …"
As he spoke, he took out another storage ring and handed it to Ye Xuan. "This is my life's savings. Please give it to my younger sister. Her name is Xiao Ling …"
Younger sister!
Hearing this, Ye Xuan's expression changed slightly. He no longer hesitated and opened his palm. A strand of purple gas floated into the young man's body!
Boom!
In an instant, the injuries all over the young man's body began to heal at a speed visible to the naked eye!
Within the Prison Pagoda, Xiao Er fell silent. She did not know what would happen next.
The young man was a bit dazed. He looked at Ye Xuan in disbelief. "Brother …"
Ye Xuan said, "Send it back yourself now!"
After saying this, he turned and left.
The young man was stunned. He looked at Ye Xuan who was leaving in the distance. No one knew what he was thinking.
...
In the distant mountain range, Ye Xuan glanced at the surroundings and smiled. "There doesn't seem to be a problem!"
Xiao Er said indifferently, "There will definitely be a problem!"
Ye Xuan thought for a moment, and then he said, "Do you think I did anything wrong?"
Xiao Er said, "What are you trying to say?"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Xiao Er, let's have a good chat. Do you think I did anything wrong by saving him?"
Xiao Er replied with a question. "What if that man is an evil person?"
Ye Xuan fell silent.
Xiao Er said, "There are two sides to everything!
Most of the time, the good deeds you do might not be really good!
Moreover, I have to remind you that good deeds might not necessarily be rewarded in this world!
In the Milky Way World, people who do good deeds are often extorted! "
Ye Xuan blinked. "You know about the Milky Way World as well?"
Xiao Er said indifferently, "Of course I do. However, the Cosmos God Court doesn't manage it!"
Ye Xuan was slightly puzzled. "Why?
Don't you manage the entire universe? "
After a moment of silence, Xiao Er said, "That place is a little special!"
"A little special?"
Ye Xuan was a little curious. "How special?"
Xiao Er suddenly said angrily, "Why do you have so many questions?
Is our relationship very good?
Huh? "
Ye Xuan: "…"
....
PS: Hehe!








Chapter 1549
Ye Xuan did not ask any more questions!
Because he discovered that this woman seemed to be becoming irritable again!
A hot-tempered woman!
Ye Xuan began to speed up his pace. He was quite annoyed because he originally wanted to cultivate a Dao Body. With the blood of the horned little girl, it would be very easy for him to cultivate Dao!
But the problem was that he did not dare to cultivate at all!
He did not know how terrifying Mu Xiaodao was!
But he knew how terrifying Little Erh was!
At his peak, Little Erh was ridiculously strong!
And Mu Xiaodao, who was also a Law Guardian, was definitely not inferior to Little Erh.
Thinking of this, he was even more certain that he could not face Mu Xiaodao head on!
He had to be as wretched as possible!
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly stopped. He frowned and turned around. Not far away, more than a dozen auras were coming at him!
Soon, more than a dozen people appeared in front of Ye Xuan.
The leader was a woman. She wore a black robe and held a sword in her hand.
Beside the woman, there was a young man!
Ye Xuan recognized this young man, it was the young man he had saved before!
Ye Xuan's expression sank.
They came with ill intentions!
The young man smiled and said, "We meet again!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "What's the matter?"
The young man looked at the woman beside him. The woman walked not far from Ye Xuan and said, "You have a kind of purple aura on your body!"
Ye Xuan nodded and said, "Yes!"
The woman looked straight at Ye Xuan and said, "And a lot of Crystal Stones!"
Ye Xuan shook his head and smiled. Sure enough, good karma can also have bad karma!
The woman stared at Ye Xuan and said, "Seeing that you saved my clansmen, if you hand it over, I can spare your life!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Miss, if I hand it over, you will immediately kill me to eliminate future troubles, right?"
The woman's eyes narrowed and was about to speak when Ye Xuan suddenly said angrily, "You bunch of idiots!"
The woman and the others were dumbfounded by the scolding!
Ye Xuan angrily pointed at the woman, "Use your pig brain to think, to be able to have that kind of purple energy and so many crystals, how could an ordinary person be?
Would it?
Can't you guys grow some brains?
Even if you're going to be a bad guy, can't you use your brain a little? "
Speaking of this, he also felt a little sullen.
Damn it!
For the first time in history, he hoped that his enemy would be smarter!
The woman looked at Ye Xuan. "Then can you tell me who you are?"
Ye Xuan swiped the ground with his right hand. In an instant, countless treasures appeared in front of him!
Among them were some supreme-grade treasures. His Executing Heaven Sword, Soul Suppressing Sword, Violet Qi, and supreme-grade energy crystals. In addition, there were countless treasures of heaven and earth.
Most of them were spoils of war from the past few years!
The expressions of the woman and the others changed violently when they saw those treasures!
Any one of these treasures in front of him was priceless!
Especially that purple gas and those top-grade energy crystals, the degree of purity …
At this moment, the hearts of the woman and the others surged like a tidal wave, and they were extremely shocked!
Ye Xuan pointed at those treasures. "See that?
Am I an ordinary person? "
The woman looked at Ye Xuan. At this moment, there was a solemn and fearful expression in her eyes.
Ye Xuan heaved a sigh of relief in his heart when he saw this!
Obviously, this woman probably wouldn't make a move!
Suddenly, the young man by the woman's side spoke abruptly, "Eldest Young Miss, there's only one reason why he said so much, and that's because he's afraid!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The woman looked at the young man, and the young man looked at Ye Xuan and sneered. "If he really isn't an ordinary person, then why would he waste his breath on us?
He only said so much to scare us away! "Ye Xuan shook his head speechlessly.
Xiao Er suddenly said, "Hold it, don't do anything!"
The young man continued, "Young Miss, so many treasures are enough to change the fate of our Xiao family!
In time, our Xiao family will definitely become the number one family in South City!
No, it'll become the number one family in the entire world! "
Hearing this, the woman and the others instantly felt the blood in their bodies boil!
The number one family in the world!
Just thinking about it makes me excited!
Ye Xuan fell silent.
Xiao Er suddenly said, "A little impatience will spoil great plans!
Hold it! "
The young man spoke in a deep voice, "Young Miss, riches come from danger. If we do this, our Xiao family will rise completely!"
As he spoke, he looked at Ye Xuan. "Moreover, if we give up now, this person might take revenge on our Xiao family in the future. At that time, it'll be even more troublesome!
Since that's the case, why don't we kill him now and take his treasures? "
Ye Xuan looked at the young man. "I saved you just now!"
The young man smiled. "Did I ask you to save me?"
As he spoke, he shook his head with a smile. "I don't think I asked you to save me, right?
I … "
Suddenly, the young man's voice stopped abruptly!
That was because a hand was gripping his throat!
It wasn't Ye Xuan!
It was Xiao Er!
Ye Xuan was slightly stunned when he saw Xiao Er suddenly make a move.
Xiao Er looked coldly at the young man whose face was filled with terror. "Is that what you're saying?
I suddenly realized that although that bitch is cheap, she's not disgusting. But you make me extremely disgusted!
Fuck you! "
As she spoke, she slammed the young man to the ground.
Bang!
The young man's head exploded, and blood sprayed violently!
The woman and the others' expressions changed drastically when they saw this scene!
Meanwhile, Ye Xuan loosened his hand. He wanted to make the first move, but he didn't expect Xiao Er to make the first move!
The Xiao family's Eldest Young Miss stared at Xiao Er. "You … Who are you!"
Xiao Er ignored the Eldest Young Miss and turned around to look. Not far away, a woman had appeared out of nowhere!
Mu Xiaodao!
Mu Xiaodao sized up Xiao Er, and the corners of his mouth curled up. "Xiao Er!
You don't seem to be in a good state! "
Xiao Er looked at Mu Xiaodao. "Give me 15 minutes!"
Mu Xiaodao smiled. "Sure!"
Xiao Er turned around to look at the Xiao family's Eldest Young Miss. "You stupid woman. Are you brainless?
That bitch can take out so many treasures at once. Is he an ordinary person?
Did your IQ get eaten by a dog? "
The Xiao family's Eldest Young Miss said in a deep voice, "Senior … this is my Xiao family's fault. I apologize to the two of you on behalf of the Xiao family!"
"Apologize?"
Xiao Er said angrily, "I don't accept it!"
As she spoke, she slapped out.
Bang!
The Xiao family's Eldest Young Miss was directly destroyed by this slap!
Xiao Er slapped out again. In the distance, the Xiao family's experts were directly wiped out by a powerful force!
After killing them, Xiao Er clapped her hands. "Comfortable!"
With that, she turned around to look at Mu Xiaodao. "Let's begin!"
Mu Xiaodao's mouth curled up. "Alright!"
As she spoke, she opened her palm, and the flying knife in her hand suddenly flew out!
In the distance, Xiao Er's expression turned sinister. She clapped her hands together, and a blood lightning exploded from her palms.
The knife arrived.
Bang!
The blood lightning exploded apart, and Xiao Er was instantly pushed over 10km back. Moreover, there was a deep gash on the right side of her face.
Ye Xuan's expression instantly became extremely solemn when he witnessed this scene!
Dammit! This woman with the flying knife isn't just ordinarily ferocious!
Mu Xiaodao opened her palm, and the flying knife returned to her hand. She gazed at Xiao Er and smiled, "Xiao Er, why have you become so weak?"
Xiao Er wiped off the blood on her face. She didn't waste her breath at all and suddenly vanished on the spot. A blood lightning tore through the surroundings!
Mu Xiaodao's eyes narrowed slightly, and she pointed forward with the flying knife in her hand.
Bang!
An expanse of lightning suddenly erupted in front of Mu Xiaodao, and then a figure retreated explosively. This figure retreated over 30km away!
The person who retreated was Little Er!
Xiao Er's pupils constricted when she stopped moving. She suddenly moved to the side, and a cold ray of light flashed past her face!
Xiao Er gazed at Mu Xiaodao. Mu Xiaodao was looking at her with a spurious smile on her face, and the flying knife was still in her hand.
On the other hand, a blood red mark had appeared on the other side of Xiao Er's face!
Mu Xiaodao gazed at Xiao Er and smiled, "Xiao Er, I'm really not used to you suddenly becoming so weak!"
As she spoke, she opened her palm, and the flying knife in her hand suddenly started to spin swiftly. In an instant, the entire heavens and the earth started to become illusory!
Watch out for the flying knife! The heavens and the earth can't endure it!
Mu Xiaodao gazed at Xiao Er and smiled, "Xiao Er, you're going to die after this!
Don't worry, I'll let you die with dignity! "
As she spoke, she was about to attack. However, Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Wait!"
Mu Xiaodao gazed at Ye Xuan, "Do you have a problem with that?"
Ye Xuan spoke in a low voice, "Miss, I think it's unfair!
After all, Miss Xiao Er isn't at her peak right now! "
Mu Xiaodao blinked, "Fair?
What's fair?
Can it even be eaten? "
Ye Xuan was flabbergasted. Dammit! I've encountered another shameless person!
Mu Xiaodao sized up Ye Xuan and smiled, "One with the Body of Calamity. You seem to have quite a good relationship with Xiao Er!"
Ye Xuan spoke in a low voice, "Miss, I think that you would definitely feel a lot of regret if you killed Miss Xiao Er just like that, right?
After all, she isn't at her peak right now …. "
Mu Xiaodao suddenly shook her head, "No, I don't feel any regret at all!"
Ye Xuan thought for a moment, and then he said, "I really don't understand. Aren't all of you from the Cosmos Court?
Why did you kill each other? "
As soon as he finished speaking, even he felt that it was quite absurd!
Dammit!
Isn't it a good thing for the Cosmos Court to kill each other?
Mu Xiaodao sized up Ye Xuan once more, and then she smiled, "Actually, I don't understand it either. She's the Guardian of the Law of Calamity, and you're the Body of Calamity. How did the two of you get together?"
At the side, Xiao Er suddenly spoke angrily, "You're the one who got together with him!
I have nothing to do with him! "
Ye Xuan nodded, "The two of us are innocent!
We have nothing to do with each other! "
Mu Xiaodao blinked, "Innocent?
I didn't say that the two of you aren't innocent! "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Mu Xiaodao glanced at Ye Xuan and Xiao Er, and then she said, "The two of you … wouldn't have really gotten together, right?
If that's the case … then I'm very shocked! "
In the distance, Xiao Er suddenly spoke coldly, "Mu Xiaodao, are you trying to kill us with your mouth?"
Mu Xiaodao looked at Xiao Er and smiled, "Alright!
No more nonsense!
Xiao Er, die! "
As soon as she finished speaking, the flying dagger in her hand suddenly flew out.
In the distance, Xiao Er's pupils constricted, and she pressed her hands together. A blood red lightning wall suddenly condensed in front of her!
The flying dagger arrived!
Bang!
The blood red lightning wall trembled violently. In the next moment, the blood red lightning wall split apart, and the flying dagger flew past Xiao Er's chest!
Hiss!
A stream of blood sprayed out ….
...
PS: I was late yesterday, so I'll make up for it today!
A real man should keep his word!
I'm a man!
Don't call me a b * tch!








Chapter 1550
The knife pierced through her chest, and Xiao Er immediately retreated thousands of feet away!
As soon as she stopped, blood slowly flowed out from the corner of her mouth!
And on her chest, there was a knife wound.
A powerful force was crushing the vitality in her body!
Xiao Er hurriedly suppressed the force in her body.
In the distance, Mu Xiaodao opened her palm, and the flying knife suddenly appeared in her palm. She looked at Xiao Er and smiled, "I won't give you a chance!"
As she spoke, the flying knife in her hand suddenly flew out!
In the distance, Xiao Er stared at the flying knife. She knew that she would definitely die this time!
Because if she blocked this flying knife, the force in her body would instantly crush all her vitality!
Am I going to die?
Xiao Er slowly closed her eyes.
She was somewhat unwilling to die like this!
Because this was not her peak state!
She was unwilling!
But, she was powerless!
At this moment, she suddenly opened her eyes. In front of her, stood a man!
It was Ye Xuan!
Seeing Ye Xuan blocking in front of her, Xiao Er was stunned.
At this moment, Xiao Ta suddenly flew in front of her, and the next moment, countless purple gas surged towards her like a tide!
Ye Xuan stared at the flying knife, "Hurry up and heal!
I'll help you block it! "
As he spoke, he directly rushed out!
Fight!
Have you seen Mu Xiaodao before?
He was very clear that he couldn't beat him!
But, he must fight!
Because once Xiao Er died, Mu Xiaodao's target would be him, Ye Xuan!
If he saved Xiao Er, and the two of them joined forces, there would still be a chance of survival!
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly pulled out his sword and stabbed!
Sword Domain plus Sword of Life and Death!
This was his current strongest sword!
The sword stabbed out.
Boom!
In front of Ye Xuan, the sword light shattered, and he instantly retreated thousands of feet away. Just as he stopped — —
Crack!
The Executing Heaven Sword in his hand directly cracked. Not only that, his whole body instantly cracked into a spider web, especially his face, at a glance, it was extremely terrifying.
One blow almost destroyed his soul!
Ye Xuan took a deep breath. This woman was really f * cking terrifying!
Why were all the women he met so terrifying?
In the distance, Mu Xiaodao glanced at Ye Xuan, "This sword is actually a mortal sword!
Interesting! "
If this sword wasn't an ordinary sword, Ye Xuan would definitely die!
Ye Xuan wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth, and then turned to look at Little Er, who was not far away. At this moment, Little Er had recovered a lot with the help of the Violet Qi, but he still needed some time!
Mu Xiaodao suddenly laughed and said, "Looks like your relationship is really deep!"
Then she looked at Ye Xuan. "Take another knife attack from me!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she opened her palm and the flying sword suddenly flew out.
When the saber was unleashed, the entire world seemed to have quietened down!
Between heaven and earth, there was only the tearing sound of the saber!
In the distance, Ye Xuan's pupils suddenly shrank when he saw this strike.
Invincible!
That was the only thought left in his mind!
Flee?
As soon as this thought appeared, it was rejected by Ye Xuan, and a wisp of viciousness flashed in his eyes!
Flee my ass!
Even if I die, I'll die with dignity!
He took a step forward and stabbed with his sword.
This strike was still a sword of life and death!
Moreover, he'd forgotten about life and death when this strike was executed!
Life was this strike!
Death was this strike!
Meanwhile, the flying saber arrived.
Bang!
An expanse of sword light and saber light suddenly erupted in front of Ye Xuan, and the heavens and the earth split apart!
Mu Xiaodao's eyes suddenly narrowed because Ye Xuan's sword had actually blocked her saber in the distance!
Ye Xuan had used the cracked Executing Heaven Sword to block her flying saber!
At this moment, Ye Xuan was calm like water, and there wasn't the slightest aura of the Sword Dao on him. However, the Executing Heaven Sword in his hand was trembling slightly.
Mu Xiaodao looked at Ye Xuan. "The Mortal Realm!"
It wasn't the Mortal Realm, but the Mortal Realm!
A realm that had jumped out of the realm!
From this moment onwards, the realms set by the Dao Scripture and others were no longer effective against Ye Xuan!
He had truly jumped out of the shackles of the realm!
At this moment, Mu Xiaodao suddenly waved his right hand.
Bang!
Ye Xuan instantly retreated thousands of meters away. After he stopped, Ye Xuan spat out several mouthfuls of blood, but he was smiling!
The Mortal Realm!
He had truly reached the Mortal Realm!
In the distance, Mu Xiaodao suddenly smiled and said, "You seem very happy!"
Ye Xuan looked at Mu Xiaodao and wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth. "Why wouldn't I be happy?"
Mu Xiaodao blinked, "I had already entered the Mortal Realm hundreds of thousands of years ago!"
Ye Xuan shook his head, "No, no!
That's not what I'm happy about! "
Mu Xiaodao was slightly curious, "Then what are you happy about?"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "I'm happy that I can use external objects!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he suddenly opened his palm, and in the next moment, countless strands of sword energy shot out from within him!
It wasn't his own sword energy, but the remnant sword energy that the green clothed man had left behind tens of thousands of years ago.
Mu Xiaodao's expression instantly changed when she saw the sword energy, and she held the flying saber between her fingers as she slashed it forward.
The space in front of her was obliterated inch by inch. However, her attack wasn't able to shatter the sword energy, and the sword energy directly tore through her energy and slashed towards her!
Mu Xiaodao's pupils constricted, and then she tapped the tip of her foot lightly and floated backwards. At the same time, the flying saber in her hand flew forward.
Hiss!
The saber tore through the sky and collided head-on with the sword energy!
Meanwhile, one of the strands of sword energy slashed directly onto the flying saber, and it was instantly stopped. Meanwhile, another strand of sword energy slashed onto the flying saber.
Bang!
The flying saber was blasted flying!
At this moment, Mu Xiaodao had already retreated 30km away!
She opened her palm, and the flying saber appeared in her hand once more. But at this moment, the flying saber in her hand had split apart!
Meanwhile, Ye Xuan suddenly roared furiously, "Condense!"
As soon as he finished speaking, the illusory strands of sword energy suddenly fused together and transformed into a sword of energy!
It was a relatively condensed sword of energy!
Ye Xuan pressed his fingers together and pointed forward, "Slash!"
Hiss!
The sword of energy tore through the sky!
Mu Xiaodao's eyes narrowed slightly, and there was a wisp of a solemn expression in the depths of her eyes.
She didn't retreat. She took a step forward instead, and then she swiftly slashed the flying saber forward. "Sky Destroyer!"
As soon as the saber descended, a 300m long strand of saber energy suddenly appeared in midair, and then it descended in a straight line.
Crack!
At this instant, the heavens and the earth in the surroundings collapsed!
Sky Destroyer!
The entire world was shocked!
The saber energy slashed directly onto the sword of energy. In an instant, the heavens and the earth trembled violently while the space in the surroundings was transformed into nothingness!
Suddenly, the sound of cracking resounded!
Mu Xiaodao's saber energy split apart and shattered, and then the sword of energy continued forward and slashed at Mu Xiaodao!
A wisp of viciousness flashed through Mu Xiaodao's eyes, and then she suddenly opened her palm. "God Slayer!"
As soon as she finished speaking, the flying saber in her hand suddenly flew forward, and it was like a cold light that caused the heavens and the earth to dim down.
Moreover, this saber slashed directly onto the sword of energy.
Bang!
The flying saber exploded apart, and then a powerful aftershock swept through the sky. It was extremely swift, and it instantly swept through the starry sky that was 500,000km away, causing the entire starry sky to seethe with excitement!
At the instant that the flying saber shattered, the sword energy tore through the sky and slashed straight at Mu Xiaodao!
Mu Xiaodao's expression became ferocious, and then she slowly closed her eyes while an illusory saber suddenly appeared above her!
As soon as this illusory saber appeared, the quintessence energy in the world started to disperse bit by bit!
This illusory saber was already harming the quintessence of the universe!
Mu Xiaodao suddenly opened her eyes and shouted furiously, "Divine Fusion!"
As soon as she finished speaking, her soul suddenly came out of its sheath. The next moment, her soul held onto the illusory flying saber and slashed forward.
As the saber fell, the quintessence energy of the entire universe instantly dissipated at a speed that was visible to the naked eye!
As for the world that Mu Xiaodao was in, it directly began to shatter!
Under this saber, nothing could survive!
Something worth mentioning was that when Ye Xuan shot out that strand of sword energy, he'd already carried Little Erh on his back and ran!
In order to block this sword energy, Mu Xiaodao did not hesitate to use her most powerful saber attack!
In fact, she usually did not use this saber attack!
This was because the lethality was too great, and it harmed the quintessence and the harmony of the world!
However, at this moment, she had no other choice because this sword energy was simply too powerful!
As this saber slashed down, the sword energy was finally forced to stop!
However, in the next moment, Mu Xiaodao's pupils suddenly shrank because the flying saber in her hand began to be annihilated bit by bit!
She still could not block it!
Mu Xiaodao was greatly shocked, and she immediately shouted angrily, "Soul Returns to God Slayer!"
As soon as she finished speaking, her soul returned to her body!
As soon as her soul returned to her body, the illusory flying saber had vanished without a trace, and the sword energy had instantly arrived in front of her. At this critical moment, she used her hand like a saber, pointed forward, and shouted furiously, "Break!"
Bang!
Her right arm exploded apart while the powerful force of the collision blasted her over 100km away. As soon as she stopped moving, the energy sword had appeared in front of her once more. Her pupils suddenly constricted when she witnessed this scene. However, the energy sword had suddenly stopped when it was still half an inch away from the center of her forehead, and then it gradually dispersed into nothingness.
Mu Xiaodao's eyes slowly closed!
There was a mysterious force in front of her, and it was this mysterious force that had destroyed that strand of sword energy earlier.
That mysterious force gradually started to disperse.
Mu Xiaodao opened her eyes and gazed into the distance. Besides killing intent, there was a trace of seriousness and fear in her eyes.
She knew that this strand of sword energy didn't belong to Ye Xuan. But since it didn't belong to Ye Xuan, then whose was it?
A moment later, she lowered her head and glanced at her right shoulder. At this moment, her right arm had disappeared!
Mu Xiaodao's eyes slowly closed, and no one knew what she was thinking.
...
On the other side, Ye Xuan was running madly with Little Erh, and as he fled, he could still feel the intense battle behind him!
At this moment, Little Erh suddenly said, "The battle is over!
Stop! "
Ye Xuan stopped, put Little Erh down, and then turned to look. "Is she dead?"
Little Erh glanced at the end of the horizon, and a moment later, she shook her head. "No!
The nomological energy behind her saved her! "
Ye Xuan frowned slightly, and he said angrily, "Damn it, she actually called for help. How f * cking shameless!"
Little Erh glanced at Ye Xuan. "Don't you feel embarrassed when you say that?"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
.....








Chapter 1551
Ye Xuan sat cross-legged on the ground and started to heal himself!
Now, he started to use purple energy to heal himself!
He who had already reached the Mortal Sword Realm could use any external objects because he would no longer rely on them!
His current state of mind was completely different from before!
Of course, the main reason was that he had no choice but to use external objects!
He really couldn't do it!
At the side, Xiao Er was also healing herself. Her injuries were already mostly healed.
Xiao Er glanced at Ye Xuan, "Why did you save me just now?"
Ye Xuan said seriously, "We are good friends, friends help each other …"
Xiao Er suddenly said angrily, "Shut up!"
Ye Xuan, "…"
Xiao Er looked at Ye Xuan, "Let me tell you, in my current state, even if we join forces, we still can't beat that woman!
Moreover, that woman also summoned the Cosmos Executioner. With their speed, they will arrive here soon! "
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "Xiao Er, you are also from the Cosmos God Court, the Cosmos Executioner won't beat you too right?"
Xiao Er was expressionless, "They won't beat me, but they will beat you."
Ye Xuan was silent for a moment, then said, "Then what do you think we should do now?"
Xiao Er looked at Ye Xuan, "Get rid of Mu Xiaodao, get rid of the Cosmos Executioner, then get rid of the Cosmos God Court!"
Ye Xuan hurriedly said, "You have a plan?"
Xiao Er said angrily, "I have a chicken feather plan!
Can you remember, I am from the Cosmos God Court, I am the protector of the Misfortune Law!
Can you not ask me how to deal with the Cosmos God Court?
We are really not on the same side! "
Ye Xuan smiled awkwardly, "I almost forgot about that!"
Xiao Er looked coldly at Ye Xuan, "Remember, I want to kill you!
Be more careful! "
Ye Xuan thought for a moment, then said, "Then let's talk about how to deal with Mu Xiaodao!"
Xiao Er was silent for a moment, then said, "That can be done!"
Ye Xuan glanced at Little Er. "Do you have any good suggestions?"
Xiao Er looked at Ye Xuan. "Three ways!
The first one, you call your big brother! "
Ye Xuan shook his head. "I don't know where Big Bro has gone to act cool!
Tell me about the second one! "
Xiao Er pointed at the space between his eyebrows. "Help me get the sword aura that your brother left in my brain out. I'll fight her one-on-one, and you can sneak an attack from the side. You can definitely kill her!"
Ye Xuan asked, "What happens after I kill her?"
Xiao Er looked at Ye Xuan. "Then I'll kill you!"
Ye Xuan said, "Tell me about the third one!"
He knew very well that the reason he could coexist peacefully with Xiao Er now was because she was suppressed by the Sword Qi. If the Sword Qi was withdrawn, this woman would become even more terrifying than Mu Xiaodao!
At that time, he might get mixed doubles!
Little Er was expressionless. "The third way is to keep running!
However, this is only a stop-gap measure, because she will find you sooner or later! "
Ye Xuan said, "I've already reached the Mortal Realm. If we join forces, can we kill her?"
Xiao Er shook her head. "No!"
Ye Xuan was about to speak when Xiao Er suddenly looked up at the sky. She frowned. "She's here!"
As soon as she said that, the sky suddenly split open, and a woman walked out!
It was Mu Xiaodao!
At this moment, Mu Xiaodao's injuries were almost healed!
Mu Xiaodao did not care about Xiao Er this time, but looked at Ye Xuan. "Do you still have that kind of Sword Qi?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes!"
Mu Xiaodao stared at Ye Xuan. "No!
You don't have anymore! "
As soon as she said that, the flying knife in her hand suddenly flew out and slashed at Ye Xuan.
In the distance, Ye Xuan took a step forward and stabbed with his sword.
It was just an ordinary sword!
Bang!
Ye Xuan instantly retreated a few kilometers. But in the next moment, he suddenly appeared in front of Mu Xiaodao and slashed with his sword!
Mu Xiaodao caught the flying knife with two fingers and blocked it.
Bang!
The heavens and the earth trembled!
Ye Xuan was blasted flying again. However, at the instant he was blasted flying, over a dozen Sword Qi suddenly appeared around Mu Xiaodao.
The Sword Qi crisscrossed and shattered space!
At this moment, Mu Xiaodao's body suddenly became illusory, and he was faintly visible. Those Sword Qi slashed at him.
A short moment later, Mu Xiaodao's body condensed, and those Sword Qi were gone!
Ye Xuan's face sank when he saw this scene!
Mu Xiaodao was about to attack when a bolt of blood red lightning suddenly descended from above her head!
Xiao Er had attacked!
At this moment, she knew that she couldn't allow Mu Xiaodao to kill Ye Xuan. Otherwise, she would die as well!
If she joined forces with Ye Xuan, they would have a chance at survival!
Mu Xiaodao opened her palm, and the flying knife in her hand suddenly shot into the sky and slashed at the blood red lightning.
Bang!
The blood red lightning exploded apart and transformed into nothingness!
Meanwhile, Xiao Er suddenly appeared in front of Mu Xiaodao. She used her hand like a knife and swiftly slashed at Mu Xiaodao. This slash was like a large knife as it slashed down fiercely at Mu Xiaodao!
Mu Xiaodao's expression was icy cold. She charged forward and suddenly slashed with the knife with two fingers.
Head-On!
Bang!
The knife descended, and the blood red lightning was instantly obliterated.
Xiao Er instantly retreated explosively by 30km!
Mu Xiaodao was just about to attack again when a Sword Qi suddenly appeared in front of her forehead. She tilted her head to the side and avoided this Instant Death Strike by a hair's breadth!
Meanwhile, Ye Xuan suddenly appeared in front of her, and a sword descended straight down from above her head.
Mu Xiaodao's body suddenly became illusory!
Hiss!
Ye Xuan's sword slashed empty air!
Ye Xuan's expression instantly changed when his sword slashed empty air, and he suddenly stabbed towards the right.
Bang!
As soon as his sword stabbed out, Ye Xuan felt his arm go numb while his chest felt suffocated. After that, his entire body was blasted flying, and he flew over 30km away!
At the instant that Ye Xuan was blasted flying, Mu Xiaodao's palm suddenly opened, and a flying knife pursued Ye Xuan!
The flying knife was like a thunderclap that tore through everything!
With this strike, the world in the surroundings was obliterated inch by inch!
Obviously, Mu Xiaodao intended to kill Ye Xuan with this strike!
Ye Xuan's pupils constricted when he saw this strike!
What a formidable strike!
A trace of viciousness flashed through Ye Xuan's eyes. He didn't retreat, and he took a step forward instead before drawing his sword and slashing.
A Sword of Life and Death!
Live!
Or die!
This strike slashed directly onto the flying knife, causing it to tremble violently before a powerful force erupted from it!
Ye Xuan's pupils constricted, and he hurriedly utilized his Sword Domain to suppress it.
Bang!
The powerful force within the flying knife was instantly suppressed by his Sword Domain, but his countenance had instantly turned pale!
The strength of this strike had exceeded the limits of his Sword Domain!
Right at this moment, Mu Xiaodao suddenly opened her palm, and then an illusory flying knife appeared in her hand!
Mu Xiaodao gazed at Ye Xuan. "Go!"
As soon as she finished speaking, the flying knife shot straight at Ye Xuan!
At this moment, Ye Xuan was suppressing the flying knife, so how could he resist it?
Right at this moment, a bolt of blood red lightning suddenly flashed, and it smashed directly onto the flying knife.
Bang!
The flying knife shook violently, and then the blood red lightning exploded apart. The flying knife shot straight at Xiao Erh who stood in front of Ye Xuan!
A wisp of viciousness flashed through Xiao Erh's eyes, and then she suddenly pressed her palms together and stopped the flying knife!
Bang!
Xiao Erh's figure shook violently while countless bolts of blood red lightning exploded around her. At the same time, her body started to gradually become illusory!
Her current strength was utterly insufficient to resist the might of this strike!
At this moment, Mu Xiaodao opened his palm once more, and a flying knife condensed in his palm!
Mu Xiaodao gazed at Xiao Erh. "Go!"
The flying knife suddenly shot forward!
Another strike!
Xiao Erh's pupils constricted when she witnessed this scene, and then she slowly closed her eyes!
After she was sealed by Swordsman, her strength was less than half of her peak strength.
Under such circumstances, she was utterly unable to resist Mu Xiaodao who was at his peak. Not to mention her current state, even she didn't dare say that she could defeat Mu Xiaodao at her peak!
Now, she knew that she was really going to die!
She wasn't afraid of death, but she was slightly displeased that she would have to die with this bitch behind her!
However, it didn't matter!
In any case, she and this bitch would both be annihilated, and no one would have a next life!
At this moment, Ye Xuan who was behind Xiao Erh suddenly roared angrily. The next moment, he directly withdrew his Sword Domain and allowed the flying knife to pierce through his chest. However, he himself directly rushed in front of Xiao Erh and stabbed forward with the Executing Heaven Sword in his hand.
The sword light cut through the knife light!
Bang!
The Executing Heaven Sword in Ye Xuan's hand suddenly exploded, and the flying knife directly penetrated his body!
Bang!
Ye Xuan's body trembled violently, and then directly became illusory!
Behind Ye Xuan, Xiao Erh opened her eyes. When she saw the scene before her, Xiao Erh's eyes opened wide, and her entire mind went blank!
Ye Xuan slowly fell, and Xiao Erh subconsciously caught him. Ye Xuan was just about to speak when blood sprayed from his mouth, and his chest was instantly dyed red.
Ye Xuan looked at Xiao Erh and smiled bitterly. "I just reached the Mortal Realm … I thought I would finally be invincible!
I didn't expect … such an amazing person to come … Can't you give me a more normal enemy?
This enemy is always several levels higher than me … I'm really angry! "
As he spoke, he spat out another mouthful of blood essence.
Xiao Erh looked at Ye Xuan, and did not speak. It was unknown what she was thinking.
Ye Xuan said softly, "Am I going to die?"
Xiao Erh nodded.
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment, and then said, "I think, I can still be saved!"
Xiao Erh looked at Ye Xuan. "In this life, I, Xiao Erh, do not owe anyone anything!
You saved my life, so I will return it to you! "
As she spoke, she stood up and looked at Mu Xiaodao, who was not far away. She slowly raised her hands, and in an instant, blood lightning surged in the horizon.
At the same time, a tiny "Erh" character appeared between Xiao Erh's eyebrows.
Mu Xiaodao's eyes narrowed slightly. "Xiao Erh, you're going to utilize the energy of the Laws left behind by the Laws of Disaster!
You have to think this through. The person behind you has the Constitution of Disaster, and utilizing the energy of the Laws of Disaster to save him is equivalent to going against the Laws of Disaster and the Cosmos Divine Court. You will be sent into the Boundless Divine Prison and be imprisoned for eternity! "
Xiao Erh said furiously, "I'll fucking think about it!
I'm going to die, so what the fuck am I thinking about!? "
As soon as she finished speaking, the "Erh" character between her eyebrows suddenly floated out, and in the next moment, an extremely terrifying force suddenly appeared here.
Xiao Erh pointed furiously at Mu Xiaodao. "Kill this bitch!"
As soon as she finished speaking, the "Erh" character suddenly transformed into a blood red bolt of lightning that slashed down towards Mu Xiaodao!
Mu Xiaodao gave Xiao Erh a thumbs up when he saw this scene. "You really have balls!
You used the energy of the Laws of Disaster to help the person with the Constitution of Disaster resist the Laws of Disaster. Just wait for your punishment! "
As soon as she finished speaking, she turned around and ran!
.....








Chapter 1552
The power of the disaster law did not stop, instead, it directly chased after Mu Xiaodao!
This time, Mu Xiaodao did not choose to take it head on!
Because she knew that she could not withstand the power of this disaster law!
Seeing Mu Xiaodao escape, Little Erh's face was incomparably gloomy, after a moment, she turned to look at Ye Xuan, Ye Xuan was lying on the ground motionless.
Little Erh's brows slightly wrinkled, this guy can't really be dead right?
Little Erh quickly walked to Ye Xuan, she sized up Ye Xuan, Ye Xuan was still motionless!
Little Erh kicked Ye Xuan, "Stop pretending to be dead!"
Ye Xuan was still motionless!
Little Erh opened her palm, a bolt of divine lightning appeared in her hand, at this time, Ye Xuan sat up, he smiled, "How did you know I'm not dead?"
Little Erh kept the divine lightning, her face expressionless, "I actually did not think that your bloodline is the Immortal Emperor Clan's Immortal Bloodline!"
Immortal Bloodline!
Just now that saber strike, Ye Xuan would have undoubtedly died, but the Immortal Bloodline forcibly saved him!
Ye Xuan shook his head, he also thought that he would undoubtedly die!
Until the Immortal Bloodline began to repair his body, he then remembered that he originally had the Immortal Bloodline!
This time, if not for the Immortal Bloodline, he would really be dead!
As if thinking of something, Ye Xuan suddenly asked, "Little Erh, since I have the Immortal Bloodline, does it mean that I can exhaust that woman to death?"
Little Erh coldly looked at Ye Xuan, "What kind of dream are you having?"
Ye Xuan slightly frowned, "Can't I?"
Little Erh said, "Just now if she used another saber strike, your soul would immediately be destroyed!
Although your Immortal Bloodline is heaven defying, it is not invincible, as long as the strength is strong enough, it can end you before you recover! "
Ye Xuan nodded, "Understood!"
As he spoke, he turned to look at the end of the horizon. "Can the power of the law that you created just now kill her?"
Ernie shook his head. "No!
He could only force her away temporarily!
And she would soon catch up again!
Also … "
At this point, she didn't continue.
Ye Xuan looked at Little Er, "You used the Misfortune Law to help me. You will be punished by the Cosmos God Court, right?"
Little Ernie was expressionless. "That's my business!"
She then looked at Ye Xuan and said, "I didn't do it to save you. I just don't like that woman. Don't overthink it!"
Ye Xuan looked at Little Er and frowned. "Will you really be punished?"
Xiao Er said indifferently, "That's my business!"
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Little Misfortune, why don't you stop following that Law of Disaster?"
Xiao Er slowly closed his eyes. "You can go now!"
Ye Xuan frowned. "They want to punish you!"
Little Ernie glared at Ye Xuan. "If you don't go now, that woman will come here again after she exhausts my Misfortune Law. At that time, you won't be her match!
Also, I can already feel that the Cosmic Enforcers are rushing here!
In at most an hour, they will appear here! "
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Let's go together!"
Little Ernie said angrily, "Go my ass!
I am the protector of the Misfortune Law. My duty is to protect the Misfortune Law and the Cosmos God Court! "
Ye Xuan also became angry. "They want to punish you!"
Little Ernie glared at Ye Xuan. "I made a mistake. I deserve to be punished!"
Ye Xuan said angrily, "Deserve my ass!
Let's go together! "
Little Ernie stared at Ye Xuan. His eyes were filled with anger. "You only know how to go. Where are you going?
Don't you know that if I follow you, it won't be Mu Xiaodao alone who will come!?
There will be even more powerful Law Protectors coming! "
Ye Xuan roared. "I'm not afraid!"
Little Ernie's chest heaved. She took a deep breath. "Slut, I saved you because I don't want to owe you anything. Really, I don't have any other intentions!
Also, I'm your enemy. Do you understand? "
Ye Xuan looked at Little Ernie. "You used the Misfortune Law to save me. This action is equivalent to betraying the Misfortune Law and the Cosmos God Court. They won't let you off easily!"
Little Ernie looked straight at Ye Xuan. "This is my choice!"
Ye Xuan shook his head. Just as he was about to speak, Little Ernie said, "Quickly go!
The power of my Law of Disaster is already slowly dissipating. Once the power of the Law of Disaster completely disappears, that woman will immediately return.
Also, the Cosmos Enforcers are getting closer. If you don't leave now, you won't be able to leave later! "
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "If you stay here, Mu Xiaodao will kill you!"
Little Ernie looked up at the horizon. She said softly, "He won't!"
Ye Xuan frowned. "Why?"
Little Ernie suddenly glared at Ye Xuan. "Can you stop being so wishy-washy?
Quickly scram! "
Ye Xuan was about to speak. At this moment, Little Ernie suddenly looked up at the horizon. The next moment, she grabbed Ye Xuan's collar. She said angrily, "You idiot. You can't leave now!"
As soon as she finished speaking, the space in the horizon suddenly tore open. The next moment, a black-robed man holding a staff walked out. Behind the black-robed man were twelve other black-robed men. These twelve black-robed men all had long blades on their waists!
The twelve of them were wearing masks. Their real faces couldn't be seen!
Cosmos Enforcers!
The twelve of them stood there without any aura. It was as if they didn't exist!
The black-robed man's gaze landed on Little Ernie. "Little Ernie has betrayed the God Palace. We are under orders to arrest you and send you to the Boundless God Prison!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he opened his palm. A pitch-black chain flew out from his palm and pointed straight at Little Ernie!
Little Ernie was expressionless. She had no intention of resisting!
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly stood in front of her. He drew his sword and slashed.
Boom!
The chain was immediately sent flying!
The black-robed man looked at Ye Xuan and narrowed his eyes. "Sinner of Misfortune!"
Ye Xuan said fiercely, "Did you ask me to capture someone?"
As he spoke, he was about to draw his sword. At this moment, Little Ernie suddenly stood in front of him. She looked at Ye Xuan. "Mu Xiaodao isn't here yet. If you escape now, you still have a chance!"
Ye Xuan said angrily, "I won't escape!"
Little Ernie said angrily, "This is my business. I don't need you to interfere!"
Ye Xuan was expressionless. "Whether I escape or not is also my business. I don't need you to interfere!"
Little Ernie glared at Ye Xuan. She was speechless. "You …"
At this moment, the black-robed man suddenly said, "Capture the sinner of Misfortune!"
As soon as he finished speaking, a black-robed man suddenly disappeared from the sky.
A vicious glint flashed in Ye Xuan's eyes, and he slashed forward with his sword.
Boom!
A wave of sword light exploded, and the black-robed man was forced back. But at this moment, a saber silently appeared at the back of his neck.
It was so fast that Ye Xuan could not dodge at all!
Ye Xuan did not choose to dodge either. Instead, he stabbed backward with his sword!
It was a suicidal move!
He had no choice!
However, the black-robed man did not choose to die with him. The moment Ye Xuan's sword stabbed backward, the black-robed man withdrew his saber and retreated!
Chi!
Ye Xuan's attack missed!
However, the moment his sword missed, a saber suddenly pierced straight down from the top of his head.
It was a perfect combination!
Ye Xuan immediately activated his Sword Domain. As soon as it appeared, the saber's speed was instantly suppressed. At this instant, Ye Xuan moved over 30m back. However, he'd just stopped when 12 rays of light suddenly entered his Sword Domain.
Bang!
His Sword Domain was instantly slashed into pieces!
In the next moment, a few hundred afterimages appeared in the space before him!
Moreover, there were a few hundred rays of light mixed within those afterimages!
Ye Xuan closed his eyes slowly. Then he suddenly opened his eyes and thrust his sword out at high speed!
Mortal Sword!
In an instant, he'd attacked over 100 times!
Sword! Sword! Mortal Sword!
Bang! Bang! Bang!
The rays of light from the sword and saber shattered while Ye Xuan retreated repeatedly. Countless rays of light crisscrossed around him, and the sound of space being torn apart resounded incessantly like firecrackers.
At that moment, Little Er, who was not far away, suddenly disappeared.
Chi!
A blood-red bolt of divine lightning tore through the battlefield.
Bang!
In the distance, a certain space directly exploded!
The battle had stopped!
Little Ernie appeared by Ye Xuan's side. At this moment, Ye Xuan's body was densely covered in saber wounds. However, those wounds were recovering at an extremely fast speed.
In the distance, the 12 people were covered in wounds as well!
In the sky, the black-robed old man looked down at Little Ernie, "Protector, do you know what you're doing?"
Little Ernie ignored the black-robed old man, and she turned to look at Ye Xuan, "I must go back!"
Ye Xuan wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth, "You won't have a good ending if you go back!"
Little Ernie looked straight at Ye Xuan, "But I must go back!
I made a mistake, and I deserve to be punished by the Divine Court! "
Ye Xuan looked at Little Ernie, "You made a mistake because you saved me. I'm part of this mistake!"
Little Ernie shook her head, "We stand on different sides in the end!"
Different sides!
Ye Xuan was silent. He was the Misfortune Entity, while Little Ernie was the protector of the misfortune law, the protector of the Cosmos God Court … yes, they stand on different sides!
Little Ernie was about to speak, but at this moment, the black-robed old man suddenly said, "Kill!"
Kill!
The 12 cosmic order enforcers were about to attack when Little Ernie suddenly said, "Yanmo, let him go. I will go back with you!"
The black-robed old man called Yanmo looked at Little Ernie, "Protector, do you know what you're saying?"
Little Ernie looked at Yanmo, "If you don't let him go, I will join forces with him!
I'm afraid you're not our match! "
Yanmo was silent, and her face was slightly ugly.
She knew Little Ernie's strength. If they were to fight, the 13 of them would not be this Misfortune Protector's match. It could be said that if Little Ernie wanted to kill them, it would be very simple!
Of course, he did not know that a portion of Little Ernie's strength had been sealed!
Moreover, he didn't believe that Little Ernie would dare to kill them. If she really killed them, then she would truly be betraying the Misfortune Law and the Cosmos God Court.
Little Ernie turned around to gaze at Ye Xuan, "Don't make it difficult for me!
Going back with them is my choice. Because I was raised by the Misfortune Law, and I don't want to go against it. Take it as me begging you! "
Ye Xuan was about to speak when a bolt of blood red lightning suddenly descended from the sky.
Little Ernie's expression instantly changed drastically when she sensed it, and she swiftly pushed Ye Xuan away. A moment later, she was struck by it!
Bang!
Little Ernie's body exploded into pieces, and her soul was swept away by a bolt of blood red divine lightning.
Ye Xuan was struck dumb at the sight of that.
Not far away, Yama bowed slightly.
Because it was the energy of the Misfortune Law that had attacked just now!
Meanwhile, Mu Xiaodao suddenly appeared here. She glanced at the battlefield and smiled, "She's finished!"
Ye Xuan gazed at Mu Xiaodao, "What're you trying to say!?"
Mu Xiaodao gazed at Ye Xuan and smiled, "She's been sent to the Boundless Divine Prison. She'll suffer a fate worse than death!"
...
PS: I drank too much with a reader last night!
I woke up late today, and my alarm didn't even wake me up …. I'm fucking late again!
I'll fucking beat anyone who dares to drink with me in the future!








Chapter 1553
A life worse than death!
Ye Xuan's expression was as cold as ice. The Soul Suppressing Sword in his hand gradually trembled.
Mu Xiaodao sized up Ye Xuan and smiled, "I really didn't expect her to go against the law of misfortune for you … This woman is usually quite smart!
Why did she become so stupid this time? "
Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes, "How do I get to the Boundless God Prison?"
Mu Xiaodao blinked, "You want to go to the Boundless God Prison to save her?"
Ye Xuan looked at Mu Xiaodao and suddenly drew his sword!
Sword Drawing Technique!
The current Sword Drawing Technique was worlds apart from the previous Sword Drawing Technique.
This was because he was now in the Mortal Realm!
When the sword fell, heaven and earth were torn apart!
In the distance, Mu Xiaodao opened her palm and the flying knife in her hand suddenly flew out.
Chi!
A sharp and ear-piercing tearing sound suddenly resounded!
This flying knife directly slashed the tip of Ye Xuan's sword!
Boom!
In front of Ye Xuan, a beam of sword light suddenly exploded, and he was sent flying backward. He was sent flying thousands of feet away!
After stopping, his arm felt numb. At the same time, a trace of blood slowly flowed out from the corner of his mouth.
In the distance, Mu Xiaodao opened her palm and a flying knife appeared in her palm. She slowly walked towards Ye Xuan and smiled, "Are you in despair?
You want to save her, but there's nothing you can do! "
Ye Xuan chuckled, "I suddenly realized that this so-called order of yours is very trashy!"
Mu Xiaodao caught the flying knife with two fingers and looked at Ye Xuan, "Are you questioning our Cosmos God Court?"
Ye Xuan looked at Mu Xiaodao and pointed his sword at her, "Yes!"
As his voice fell, he suddenly charged forward and instantly appeared in front of Mu Xiaodao and slashed down with his sword!
In Mu Xiaodao's palm, a flying knife directly turned into a blade light and flew out.
Boom!
A wave of sword light shattered again and Ye Xuan instantly retreated thousands of meters. However, at this moment, a sword suddenly appeared in front of Mu Xiaodao's forehead!
Instant Kill Sword!
Mu Xiaodao's expression was calm as she tilted her head slightly, once again dodging the sword by a hair's breadth. At the same time, the flying knife in her hand had already flown out.
In the distance, Ye Xuan blocked with his sword.
Boom!
The Soul Suppressing Sword in his hand trembled violently, and his entire body was sent flying again.
At this moment, another flying knife appeared in Mu Xiaodao's hand. She looked at Ye Xuan and chuckled, "I know that you don't like our Cosmos God Court. However, what can you do?
You can't beat him one-on-one!
You won't be able to beat them in numbers!
Are you angry? "
As she said that, she blinked. "I know. You want to say that I'm bullying the weak. I like to bully the weak. What can you do to me?
Hehe! "
His words struck at the heart!
She was purposely trying to provoke Ye Xuan. It was easier to deal with an angry person!
Of course, what she was truly worried about was that Ye Xuan possessed that formidable sword qi from before!
In the distance, Ye Xuan wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth. He laughed, "Are you trying to provoke me?"
Mu Xiaodao looked at Ye Xuan. "Do you know what will happen to Little Er?
Her physical body has already been shattered, and her soul will be thrown into the boundless God Prison. She will be burned by the Heavenly Law Divine Fire for eternity. Not only will there be the Heavenly Law Divine Fire, there will also be the Ten Thousand Tribulation Lightning Soul Refinement, Divine Water Soul Immersion, Absolute Ice Spirit Soul Freezing … Most importantly, she will suffer the millions of lashes of the Law Soul Whip every day … That feeling, tsk tsk … "
After a moment of silence, Ye Xuan opened his palm. The Soul Suppressing Sword in his hand turned into a sword spirit!
The sword of the green-robed man!
Ye Xuan's expression suddenly turned ferocious. "Woman, you said that I can't beat you one-on-one!
Alright, let's fight one-on-one now!
Remember, whoever calls for a helper is a dog! "
Boom!
As his voice fell, his eyes turned blood red. At the same time, a surge of blood surged from his body!
Boom!
The entire starry sky turned into a sea of blood!
Seeing this scene, Mu Xiaodao's eyes narrowed. "What the hell is this …"
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly disappeared on the spot.
The flying knife in Mu Xiaodao's hand suddenly flew out.
In the distance, Ye Xuan suddenly slashed down with his sword!
The sword-light was blood red!
Boom!
As the sword descended, Mu Xiaodao's flying knife was directly stopped!
At this moment, the strength of both sides was actually equal!
Seeing this scene, Mu Xiaodao frowned. "What the hell is this …"
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly stomped his right foot.
Boom!
Space instantly exploded, and the flying knife in front of him was directly slashed away. At the same time, he directly turned into a blood red light and slashed at Mu Xiaodao!
Mu Xiaodao did not retreat. Instead, he advanced and slashed at Ye Xuan!
Head-On!
Boom!
A bloody light suddenly erupted not far away, and Ye Xuan instantly retreated several thousand feet, while Mu Xiaodao also retreated nearly three thousand feet!
After he stopped, Mu Xiaodao looked at the chipped flying knife in disbelief. "This …"
As she spoke, she looked at Ye Xuan who was nearby with disbelief. "What the hell is this? How could his bloodline be so heaven defying?"
In the distance, Ye Xuan didn't waste his breath. He charged forward once more and slashed down at Mu Xiaodao!
A wisp of viciousness flashed in Mu Xiaodao's eyes. "I refuse to believe that I can't defeat you!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she took a step forward, and the flying knife in her palm suddenly flew out. "Skybreaker!"
Army Destroyer!
As the knife flew out, the entire world became illusory!
In the distance, Ye Xuan suddenly sheathed his sword. In the next moment, he suddenly drew his sword and slashed!
Sword Drawing Technique!
With a single slash, the space in an area of hundreds of thousands of meters exploded!
Bang!
Ye Xuan's sword forcefully stopped Mu Xiaodao's flying knife. At the instant the sword came into contact with the flying knife, the space in an area of hundreds of thousands of kilometers turned pitch black!
This world was utterly unable to endure the strength of the two of them!
Right at this moment, Mu Xiaodao suddenly vanished on the spot!
At practically the exact same moment, Ye Xuan suddenly turned around and slashed down with his sword!
Rumble!
A figure was directly slashed back!
It was Mu Xiaodao!
As for Ye Xuan, he retreated over 1km!
After he stopped, Ye Xuan held his sword and pointed it downwards. Powerful sword intent and aura erupted ceaselessly from his body like a volcano!
In the distance, Mu Xiaodao stared fixedly at Ye Xuan. She noticed that Ye Xuan's aura was increasing explosively at every moment as if there was no limit!
Mu Xiaodao frowned deeply. Just what kind of plaything was this bloodline?
It's actually so heaven defying!
Although Ye Xuan had reached the Mortal Realm, he had only just reached the Mortal Realm. There was still a huge gap between them!
But at this moment, this mysterious bloodline power had actually made up for this gap!
Most importantly, Ye Xuan was still growing stronger!
Thinking up to here, Mu Xiaodao spread out her palm. She knew that she had to end this battle quickly!
Mu Xiaodao took a step forward. Above his head, an illusory flying knife suddenly condensed!
In the distance, Ye Xuan seemed to sense danger and suddenly disappeared on the spot.
Strike first and gain the upper hand!
But Mu Xiaodao did not give him this chance!
Mu Xiaodao's soul suddenly unsheathed. Her soul directly grabbed the flying knife and slashed forward. "God Slaying!"
One Slash God Slaying!
At the instant the knife was slashed out, a formidable force suddenly shot into the sky and directly shot into the starry sky that was 500,000km away, causing the entire starry sky to seethe!
At the instant that Mu Xiaodao slashed out, Ye Xuan suddenly utilized his Sword Domain. At the instant the Sword Domain appeared, the flying knife was directly suppressed. However, Ye Xuan's countenance instantly turned pale like a sheet of paper. Moreover, the strength of the flying knife hadn't vanished, and it had merely slowed down slightly.
Ye Xuan suddenly took a step forward and slashed down with his sword!
Rumble!
This sword strike contained the strength of his Sword Domain!
As soon as the sword descended, his Sword Domain was directly shattered into pieces, and the flying knife trembled violently as well. After that, two strands of formidable force suddenly erupted!
Bang!
Ye Xuan was instantly blasted over 10km away. As soon as he stopped, his entire body split open and blood sprayed!
On the other hand, Mu Xiaodao was blasted 3km away as well!
These two forces were too strong!
Even if it was her, she was unable to completely resist those two forces!
After stopping, Mu Xiaodao raised her head to look at Ye Xuan who was nearby. When she saw that Ye Xuan was heavily injured, the corners of her mouth curled up slightly, "I've finally crippled you!"
As she spoke, she opened her palm and a flying knife appeared in her palm. She was about to attack again, but the smile on the corners of her mouth suddenly froze.
Because in the distance, Ye Xuan's wounds were recovering at a terrifying speed!
The Undying Bloodline!
At this moment, within Ye Xuan's body, the Undying Bloodline was madly repairing Ye Xuan's body!
Moreover, Ye Xuan's Mad Demon Bloodline didn't suppress the Undying Bloodline!
At this critical moment, the Mad Demon Bloodline didn't act recklessly ….
Of course, it wasn't that it didn't act recklessly, but it was because of the Sword Spirit!
When the Sword Spirit was present, the Mad Demon Bloodline still had to give him face.
Soon, Ye Xuan's injuries were almost fully recovered!
In the distance, Mu Xiaodao stared at Ye Xuan, "These two bloodlines of yours are really abnormal!"
At this moment, in the distance, Ye Xuan suddenly said in a ferocious voice, "Please kill me!"
At this moment, he hadn't completely entered the Mad Demon state!
Because he still had something very important to do, so he didn't dare to let himself completely enter the Mad Demon state!
He must maintain a trace of consciousness!
Mu Xiaodao looked at Ye Xuan, "So arrogant!"
As she spoke, the flying knife in her hand suddenly flew out.
In the distance, Ye Xuan stabbed out with his sword.
Boom!
The flying knife was forced to stop in place by his sword. The next moment, Ye Xuan suddenly disappeared.
In the distance, Mu Xiaodao blocked with her knife.
Boom!
A blood-colored sword light erupted, and Mu Xiaodao was directly pushed back!
But Ye Xuan didn't stop and rushed forward again!
Soon, the two of them fought fiercely!
Ye Xuan was still at a slight disadvantage, but the more he fought, the stronger he became!
Especially relying on the powerful recovery ability of the Immortal Bloodline, the more he fought, the fiercer he became!
The power of the two bloodlines forcibly closed the gap between him and Mu Xiaodao.
Of course, the most important thing was that he was now in the Mortal Realm!
After the Mortal Realm, the Mad Demon Bloodline was even more terrifying!
At this moment, Mu Xiaodao suddenly stopped in the distance. She looked at Ye Xuan and said angrily, "You're really shameless, you actually used foreign objects!
I'm warning you now, if you don't stop using foreign objects, I'll beat you up! "
Ye Xuan: "..."
At this moment, Xiao Ta suddenly said angrily, "F * ck … this woman is actually more shameless than you, young master …"
...








Chapter 1554
Group fight!
Actually, Mu Xiaodao felt extremely sullen in her heart.
Because she realized that she couldn't kill Ye Xuan!
With the help of the two bloodlines, Ye Xuan was able to compete with her!
Of course, it wasn't very possible for Ye Xuan to kill her!
But it wasn't a good idea to continue like this!
Because Ye Xuan was becoming stronger and stronger!
Her main purpose of coming here was to kill Ye Xuan!
In the distance, Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes. A sea of blood surged around him!
Mad Demon Bloodline!
He realized that if it wasn't for the Sword Spirit's help, he wouldn't be able to control the Mad Demon Bloodline!
Suddenly, Mu Xiaodao said, "I'm warning you for the last time. If you continue to use external force, I'll beat you up!"
Ye Xuan looked at Mu Xiaodao and opened his eyes. His eyes were filled with a sea of blood, "Woman, you're bullying the weak, and you won't let me use external force?"
Mu Xiaodao said angrily, "What do you mean by bullying the weak?
You're in the mortal realm, and so am I!
Is this bullying the weak?
Moreover, you're a man, and I'm a woman. Don't you think it's shameful for a man like you to use external force to fight a woman? "
Ye Xuan cursed, "Shameful your mother!
Is that what you're saying?
You're a super expert after all. Can't you have some face? "
Mu Xiaodao slapped his face, "Face is just skin. What's the use of it?
What's the use? "
Ye Xuan, "…"
In the Prison Pagoda, Xiao Ta sighed, "It's over!
In terms of shamelessness, Young Master has met his match! "
Mu Xiaodao suddenly said, "Since you insist on using external force, then I won't be polite anymore!"
As she spoke, she looked at Yan Mo, "Let's beat him up together!"
Yan Mo nodded slightly. He'd wanted to do that for a long time!
Mu Xiaodao opened his palm and a flying dagger flashed across the field!
Yan Mo and the others disappeared on the spot as well.
Ganging up!
In the distance, Ye Xuan's expression suddenly changed. He held his sword with both hands and slashed forward.
Boom!
The flying dagger was stopped by his sword, but at this moment, hundreds of afterimages suddenly appeared around him.
The saber light swept across, shattering the space!
Ye Xuan stomped his right foot and retreated. At the same time, he swung the sword in his hand.
Boom boom boom boom boom!
As a series of explosions rang out, Ye Xuan kept retreating. While he was retreating, the saber gleams drowned him like a torrential storm!
At this time, Mu Xiaodao, who was far away, suddenly threw out his fingers.
Chi!
A flying dagger suddenly disappeared into the saber radiance.
Boom!
The saber light directly exploded, and Ye Xuan instantly retreated several tens of thousands of meters away!
As soon as he stopped, his chest split open and blood spurted out!
It was caused by a flying dagger!
Heavy injuries!
If it wasn't for the Undying Bloodline that was repairing his body, he would be dead by now!
Right at this moment, Yan Mo and the others charged towards him again. At the same time, Mu Xiaodao opened her palm, and another flying dagger appeared in her palm.
Mu Xiaodao looked at Ye Xuan who was being besieged, "It's over!"
As soon as she finished speaking, the flying dagger in her hand suddenly flew out!
In the distance, Ye Xuan's pupils constricted as he was fighting against the Law Enforcers. At this moment, he was pinned down by the Law Enforcers and the others, so he couldn't resist the flying dagger at all. Moreover, if he didn't, the flying dagger would take his life!
At this critical moment, Ye Xuan suddenly roared furiously, "Condense!"
Bang!
In an instant, the blood qi in the surroundings suddenly condensed into numerous blood swords, and they slashed towards the flying dagger!
Controlling the swords with his thoughts!
Bang! Bang!
Bang! Bang! The blood swords slashed against the flying dagger. Even though they weren't able to block it, they did slow down the flying dagger!
Mu Xiaodao's beautiful brows knit together slightly when she witnessed this scene. She opened her palm, and another flying dagger appeared. In the next moment, this flying dagger flew forward!
Hiss!
The sound of space being torn apart suddenly resounded!
Two flying daggers!
Ye Xuan's expression had become ferocious, and then his body suddenly started burning!
Igniting his lifespan!
Life Sword!
Actually, he didn't have much lifespan left. But at this moment, he had no choice but to ignite it. Because he would definitely die if he didn't!
As his lifespan was ignited, Ye Xuan's aura suddenly rose explosively!
Ye Xuan held his sword with both hands and suddenly slashed forward.
Bang!
His sword slashed down, and the expanse of light in front of him was instantly slashed into pieces. The 12 Law Enforcers and Yan Mo were blasted over 30km back, and Mu Xiaodao's flying daggers were instantly blasted flying as well!
On the other hand, Ye Xuan seemed as if he'd collapsed, and he almost fell to the ground!
At this moment, he only had less than 10 days of lifespan left!
This was even because the Sword Spirit had forcefully stopped him. If the Sword Spirit hadn't stopped him, then he would have perished on the spot!
In the distance, Mu Xiaodao glanced at Ye Xuan, and she was slightly shocked in her heart. The might of Ye Xuan's attack from before was slightly abnormal!
Why does this fellow have so many trump cards?
Mu Xiaodao didn't think too much about it. She opened her palm, and another flying dagger appeared.
She was able to discern that Ye Xuan was very weak after he executed that secret technique!
Now was the best opportunity to kill Ye Xuan!
Right at this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly opened his palm, and a box appeared in his hand.
Ye Xuan gazed at Mu Xiaodao, and he wiped off the blood on the corners of his mouth. "Woman, I really don't want to open this box now. I advise you to be kind!"
Mu Xiaodao gazed at Ye Xuan. "Are you threatening me?"
Ye Xuan said angrily, "I am threatening you!
Come at me if you have the balls! "
Mu Xiaodao remained silent.
She didn't think that Ye Xuan was bluffing. Damn it, this person has too many trump cards!
Especially the sword qi at the beginning, if there were more …
Thinking of this, Mu Xiaodao kept the flying dagger, retreated to the side, and looked at Yan Mo. "You guys go first!"
Ye Xuan: "…"
Yan Mo and the others' expressions froze.
Was this how they played?
Yan Mo hesitated for a moment, and then said, "Miss Mu … you're stronger …"
Mu Xiaodao blinked, "Don't tell me you think I'm afraid of death, that's why I don't dare to go?"
Yan Mo glanced at Mu Xiaodao, was that not the case?
Mu Xiaodao said seriously, "I'm the dignified Mu Xiaodao, how can I be afraid of death?
The reason why I let you guys go first is because I want to give this credit to you Enforcers!
I had good intentions, but you guys misunderstood me!
I'm so angry!
I want to complain, complain that you guys are cowards, and don't dare to go forward in the face of the enemy, I … "
Yan Mo suddenly said, "Miss Mu … stop talking!
Can't we go? "
As he spoke, he sighed in his heart.
Dammit, there was nothing he could do when he encountered such a muddle-headed person!
Most importantly, she was of a higher rank than him!
Moreover, Mu Xiaodao was famous for being a troublemaker in the Cosmos Divine Court, so forming a grudge with her would cause him to suffer in the future!
Yan Mo looked at Ye Xuan in the distance, and then he led the 12 Enforcers and charged over!
At the side, Mu Xiaodao glanced at the box in Ye Xuan's hand, and then she opened her palm, and a flying dagger suddenly flew out.
She'd thought it through!
She didn't fight Ye Xuan head-on, and she would stab him in the dark.
In the distance, Ye Xuan's eyes gradually turned icy cold, and he was about to open the box when the sky suddenly split open, and a powerful aura descended from the sky!
Bang!
A powerful force blasted the 12 Enforcers back, and the flying dagger in front of Ye Xuan was suddenly stopped by a mysterious force!
A woman stood in front of Ye Xuan!
Undying Emperor Race's Patriarch, Dongli Jing!
Dongli Jing punched out!
Boom!
That flying dagger was directly sent flying!
In the distance, Mu Xiaodao opened her palm, and a flying dagger landed in her hand!
Mu Xiaodao looked at Dongli Jing, "Undying Emperor Race!"
Dongli Jing had one hand behind her back, and she looked at Mu Xiaodao, "Yes!"
Mu Xiaodao smiled, "Is the Undying Emperor Race declaring war on the Cosmos Divine Court?"
Dongli Jing didn't reply, she turned to look at Ye Xuan, and when she saw the two bloodlines in Ye Xuan's body, her eyes constricted.
Two peak bloodlines coexisting!
Moreover, Ye Xuan was still in the Mortal Realm!
Such a young Mortal Realm …
Dongli Jing suddenly laughed, she turned to Mu Xiaodao, "Going against the Cosmos Divine Court?
So what? "
Mu Xiaodao gave a thumbs up, "You've got guts!"
Dongli Jing suddenly said, "Big Dipper!"
A woman clad in armor suddenly appeared behind Higashi Yasushi as soon as he finished speaking.
Dongli Jing looked at the dying Ye Xuan, "Immediately escort the young master to the Nine Dimensions, and send him back to the clan at all costs!
Whoever dares to stop us, no matter who, kill without mercy! "
Big Dipper said, "Understood!"
With that, she turned and disappeared into the horizon with Ye Xuan!
In the distance, Mu Xiaodao suddenly said, "You guys chase after them!"
Yanmo and the rest disappeared on the spot.
Dongli Jing was about to attack, but a saber force enveloped her.
Dongli Jing looked at Mu Xiaodao, and Mu Xiaodao smiled, she opened her palm, and a golden stone suddenly floated up, turned into a golden light, and disappeared into the depths of the universe.
Call for reinforcements!
Mu Xiaodao was very clear that with the Undying Emperor Race's interference, they couldn't kill Ye Xuan!
Watching the golden light disappear into the depths of the universe, Mu Xiaodao retracted her gaze, and looked at Dongli Jing, "Undying Emperor Race, I'm afraid you can't afford to play with us!"
Dongli Jing smiled, "Won't you know if you can or can't afford to play with us?"
Mu Xiaodao looked at Dongli Jing, "Come, let's exchange a few moves!"
With that, the throwing knife in her hand suddenly flew out.
In the distance, Dongli Jing's eyes flashed with hostility, and in the next instant, she directly charged out!
Boom!
A great battle erupted!
...
Somewhere in the horizon, Big Dipper was madly running with Ye Xuan.
Return to the Undying Emperor Race!
At this moment, Yanmo and the rest suddenly appeared in front of Big Dipper.
Yanmo looked at Big Dipper, "Put him down!"
Big Dipper suddenly said, "Kill!"
With that, the surrounding space suddenly split open, and in the next instant, 36 people directly charged out!
The Undying Emperor Army!
Big Dipper directly left with Ye Xuan!
Behind them, Yanmo's expression suddenly became ferocious, he opened his palm, and a pitch-black token suddenly shot into the sky, straight into the depths of the universe!
Enforcement Order!
Once this order was issued, regardless of where in the universe the enforcers were, they had to rush over as fast as possible!
Big Dipper directly directly brought Ye Xuan to the Seventh Dimension, and beside her were 46 experts from the Undying Emperor Army!
As soon as they arrived in the Seventh Dimension, Big Dipper directly roared, "Immediately open the universe barrier!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she took Ye Xuan and dashed away.
In the Seventh Dimension, countless experts followed and escorted!
Just as they arrived in front of the universe barrier, a spatial vortex suddenly appeared above their heads, and at the same time, a voice came from the depths of the vortex, "This is a sinner with a body of misfortune, who dares to save him!"
Big Dipper turned his head to look at an Undying Emperor Army beside him, "Stop them!"
That expert replied, "Understood!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he led the 46 super experts beside him and charged into the black whirlpool.
Big Dipper directly led Ye Xuan into the Eighth Dimension. Along the way, Big Dipper's eyes were as cold as ice, and on her waist, there were 100 wooden jade tokens, but at this moment, those jade tokens were currently shattering …
Those were soul tokens!
...
PS: Don't go away, there's more.








Chapter 1555
Soul tablets shattering one by one meant that people were dying one by one!
Big Dipper's heart was bleeding!
But she couldn't stop!
She didn't know who Ye Xuan was. She only knew that the person in her arms was the young master of the Undying Emperor Clan, the future of the Undying Emperor Clan!
Big Dipper carried Ye Xuan as they sprinted towards the Nine-Dimensional Universe!
Along the way, there were experts escorting and protecting them!
However, these experts were still too weak in front of the Universal Enforcers.
Soon, Big Dipper brought Ye Xuan to the barrier of the Nine-Dimensional Universe. At this moment, the barrier of the Nine-Dimensional Universe had already been opened!
Just as Big Dipper was about to bring Ye Xuan in, the space above her head suddenly split open. Then, a ray of saber light shot through the starry sky like a meteor.
Chi!
Wherever the saber light passed, ear-piercing tearing sounds reverberated!
Big Dipper immediately stopped, pulled out the saber at her waist, and slashed upwards.
Boom!
The saber light shattered, and Big Dipper brought Ye Xuan back several hundred meters. The moment she stopped, she saw 26 black-robed men standing not far from her!
Universal Enforcers!
The leader was a middle-aged man in a black robe. His long hair draped over his shoulders, and his eyes were as sharp as knives. In his right hand, he held a sheathed saber.
Mo Shan!
The commanders of the Universal Enforcers!
There were a total of six commanders in the Universal Enforcers, and every commander was a powerhouse of a region!
Mo Shan looked at Big Dipper. Without any superfluous words, he suddenly charged forward, unsheathed his saber, and slashed.
Chi!
Heaven and earth split open!
Big Dipper's lips curled into a sinister smile. She put down Ye Xuan, and her entire body was like a ferocious tiger pouncing on its prey. She also unsheathed her saber and slashed!
Boom!
A wave of saber light suddenly exploded, and the two of them retreated several thousand meters. In front of them, countless saber lights tore through the air. It was incomparably terrifying.
After Big Dipper stopped, she raised her saber with both hands, took a step forward, and roared, "Slash!"
The saber fell, and with her at the center, the space around her began to crumble inch by inch.
In the distance, Mo Shan suddenly disappeared!
Chi!
An afterimage tore through the battlefield!
When Mo Shan was about a hundred feet away from Big Dipper, he suddenly drew his saber and slashed.
Fight head-on!
Boom!
A wave of saber light suddenly exploded in front of the two. This time, neither of them retreated. Instead, they slashed over a thousand times!
The surrounding space began to crumble bit by bit.
The space of the eight-dimensional universe couldn't withstand the power of the two of them. Under their slashes, the entire starry sky was sliced into countless pieces like tofu. It was extremely terrifying.
As the two fought fiercely, Ye Xuan, who was not far away, was suppressing the Mad Demon Bloodline in his body!
His injury was actually almost healed!
After all, he had the Undying Bloodline and the purple gas!
The reason why he wanted to suppress the Crazy Demon Bloodline was because he realized that he could no longer suppress this bloodline!
If he continued like this, he would completely lose his mind. Once he entered that state, it would be dangerous!
Therefore, he must suppress this Demonic Madness Bloodline!
In the distance, Seven Star was still fighting with Mo Shan. Their battle was earth-shattering and the entire starry sky had already shattered.
The two of them were equally matched. Neither of them could do anything to the other!
At this moment, more than ten Universe Enforcers charged towards Ye Xuan who was not far away!
The saber light was like a waterfall that was about to drown Ye Xuan!
Ye Xuan's eyes suddenly opened, and within them was still a sea of blood!
He was about to attack when Seven Star suddenly slashed Mo Shan back. In the next moment, she appeared in front of Ye Xuan and threw the saber in her hand forward!
Chi!
Heaven-Shattering Saber!
Rumble!
Countless saber lights shattered, and the dozen Universe Guardians were directly forced back!
Seven Star opened her right hand, and the saber flew back into her hand. She stood with the saber in her hand, her beautiful hair fluttering in the wind. Her eyes were filled with ferocity, and she was like a goddess of war!
Seven Star!
The Deputy Commander of the Undying Emperor Army. In the Undying Emperor Army, her prestige was only second to the Commander!
Seven Star turned to look at Ye Xuan. "How much longer do you need!"
Ye Xuan suddenly stood up. "That's enough!"
At this moment, he had already suppressed his Mad Devil Bloodline!
Seven Star pointed at the distant Universe Barrier. "Go in, go to the Undying Realm. There will be people there to receive you!"
Ye Xuan glanced at the Universe Barrier before looking at Seven Star. "What about you?" Seven Star was expressionless. "I'll block here!"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "You will die!"
Seven Star looked at Ye Xuan with cold eyes. "Go in!
Don't let those people die in vain! "
Ye Xuan said, "You go receive them. I'll block them here!"
Seven Star stared at Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan suddenly turned his head and roared, "I can't let others die for me!
Go and save them, as many as you can. I'll block them here!
Don't give me any more nonsense! "
Seven Star stared at Ye Xuan with cold eyes. "My duty is to protect you!
As long as you're alive, we can all die! "
Ye Xuan glared at Seven Star. "Then you block them here. I'll go and save them!"
With that, he suddenly turned into a sword light and charged out!
Seeing this, Seven Star flew into a rage. "Let your emotions affect your decisions!"
She was about to chase after him when Mo Shan charged towards her.
On the other side, Ye Xuan's speed was extremely fast. He turned into a sword light and charged into that pitch-black whirlpool. When he entered that pitch-black whirlpool, an Undying Emperor Army youth was half-kneeling on the ground. His left arm was already missing. If it wasn't for his saber supporting him from the ground, he would have collapsed!
And in front of him, there were a total of 45 corpses.
Of the 46 people that entered, he was the only one left alive.
Not far in front of him, stood over 60 people.
All of them were Universe Enforcers that had rushed over from other places!
These were Universe Enforcers that had rushed over from all over the universe!
The leader was a young man. He held a spear in his hand and a saber at his waist!
Enforcer Commander!
This person was one of the six commanders of the Universe Enforcers, Han Feng!
Ye Xuan quickly walked in front of the last surviving Undying Emperor Army man. He wasn't old. He was only in his twenties. At this moment, his chest was bleeding non-stop. It was a spear wound.
At this moment, he slowly fell down.
Ye Xuan hurriedly caught him. The young man laid in Ye Xuan's embrace. He looked at Ye Xuan. His breathing was weak. "You … Young Master …"
Ye Xuan shook his head. His body gradually trembled. "I'm sorry!"
Within his body, countless amounts of purple energy flowed into the young man's body.
The young man turned his head and looked at the corpses on the ground. He was at a loss. "My brothers are all dead!"
As he said that, he looked at Ye Xuan. "Before coming, Commander Bei said that our mission is to protect your safety … But, we don't even know you … But, orders are like that … We have no choice but to obey the family head's orders … For the family, we can give up everything … Even if it's death …"
As he said that, he suddenly took out a necklace and stuffed it into Ye Xuan's hands. He said with a trembling voice, "Lin City, Xiao family … Young Master … Help me tell … Xiao Fei … Tell her … I've broken off the engagement … Please don't tell her that I'm dead … Thank you …"
As he said that, there was no longer any color in his eyes.
The purple energy dispersed from his body again!
Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes. His entire body was trembling. He was too late!
When he arrived, the life force in this man's body had already dissipated!
The purple energy could heal injuries, but it couldn't bring the dead back to life!
Ye Xuan gently placed the man on the ground. He looked at the corpses in front of him. He was stunned.
They didn't know each other!
These people came to protect him, who they didn't know, because of an order, and then they all died here!
Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes. Two streams of clear liquid flowed down. He clenched his fists and his entire body couldn't stop trembling. "You …"
In the distance, Han Feng suddenly said, "Sinner of Misfortune!"
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly opened his eyes. His eyes were bloodshot. He roared like a wild beast. "Since you say that I'm a sinner, then I'll commit a sin for you to see!"
As he said that, he directly charged out with his sword in hand!
Berserk Demon State!
The Berserk Demon Bloodline that had been suppressed earlier was activated once again. This time, he completely entered the Berserk Demon State!
In his mind, there was only slaughter!
At this moment, his killing intent had reached a peak state!
Seeing Ye Xuan rush over like a madman, Han Feng's eyes narrowed. "Kill!"
As soon as he said that, he directly charged out!
His spear was like a dragon, and a cold light shot out!
Boom! Boom!
Very quickly, a great battle broke out. The entire spatial vortex was directly shattered, and everyone entered the starry sky.
After Ye Xuan completely entered the Berserk Demon State, his combat strength instantly soared. Especially with the Sword Spirit in his hand, his combat strength had reached an unprecedented and terrifying level!
After all, he was currently in the Mortal Realm!
Although Ye Xuan was fighting against dozens of people alone, he still had the advantage in terms of momentum!
As the sword-light flashed, more and more Universal Enforcers fell. Every time one of them died, their vitality would be instantly absorbed by Ye Xuan!
Coupled with the Berserk Demon Bloodline, Ye Xuan was getting stronger as he fought!
In the crowd, Han Feng's expression was extremely ugly. He didn't expect Ye Xuan's strength to be so terrifying!
Especially Ye Xuan's self-recovery ability, it was simply too abnormal!
Killing intent!
At this moment, there was only one thought in Ye Xuan's mind, and that was to kill, to kill madly!
At this moment, his killing intent swept the surroundings like a wave!
Under his powerful killing intent, the minds of the surrounding Enforcers were affected.
Just like that, the battle continued for an entire hour, and more and more corpses appeared on the battlefield …
At this moment, Ye Xuan had killed over 30 Enforcers!
However, he wasn't in a good state either. Although he had the Undying Bloodline to recover, his body was still covered in injuries. Especially his shoulder, there was a spear stuck in it!
However, Ye Xuan was like a killing maniac at the moment. He did not feel pain at all, nor was he afraid of death!
The more he fought, the stronger he became!
Under the Berserk Demon State, the power of Ye Xuan's bloodline became stronger and stronger as if there was no limit!
He was breaking through his limits at every moment!
Gradually, more and more Universal Enforcers fell!
Suddenly, Han Feng roared angrily, "Everyone, retreat!"
At this moment, there were less than 19 Enforcers left by his side!
He knew that if they continued fighting like this, then his brothers would die here. Because Ye Xuan was truly too abnormal under the enhancement of his two bloodlines!
The Enforcers immediately stopped and retreated to the side when they heard Han Feng!
Han Feng stared fixedly at Ye Xuan. "All of you retreat first. I'll stop him!"
Ye Xuan had gone berserk, and he wouldn't allow all of them to retreat. If they wanted to retreat, then someone had to stay behind to cover their retreat!
However, none of the Enforcers retreated!
Han Feng turned to look at the Enforcers and roared furiously, "This is an order!"
The Enforcers still didn't move!
Han Feng spoke fiercely, "This person isn't normal anymore. If we continue fighting him, then we'll be exhausted to death. All of you retreat quickly!"
The Enforcers still didn't move.
Han Feng slowly closed his eyes. He'd brought them here, and he knew that they wouldn't leave.
They were his brothers who'd gone through life and death with him countless times!
Han Feng looked at Ye Xuan, who was charging over from afar, and said fiercely, "Brothers, kill the sinner!
Today, we'll either live together or die together! "
As soon as he finished speaking, he charged out. Behind him, the 19 Enforcers roared furiously in unison, "We'll either live together or die together!"
With that, the 19 Enforcers charged out as well.
Psst!
In the distance, a blood-red sword gleam flashed past, and a bloody head was thrown out …
An hour later, only Ye Xuan and Han Feng were left on the battlefield.
Ye Xuan's left arm had almost been chopped off by the saber, and it hung on his shoulder. It would fall off with a gentle pull!
A long saber was stabbed into his chest, and his entire body was covered in wounds. Even with the Immortal Bloodline, he couldn't fully recover …
In the distance, Han Feng was in a terrible state as well. There were at least 10 sword wounds on his body, especially on his chest. A sword had pierced through it, and his internal organs could be seen clearly!
Moreover, there was a sword aura that was constantly destroying his vitality!
Both of them were like arrows at the end of their flight!
In the distance, Han Feng wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth, and he looked at Ye Xuan with a ferocious expression. "Kill the sinner …"
With that, he held the spear in his hand and walked towards Ye Xuan. However, after taking two steps, he fell into a pool of blood. He looked at the horizon and wanted to get up, but he couldn't use any strength at all!
At this moment, he saw many afterimages in the depths of the starry sky.
When he saw those afterimages, he grinned because those were the Enforcers of the Universe!
Their reinforcements had arrived!
Han Feng retracted his gaze and turned to look at the corpses of the Enforcers in the distance. His eyes gradually became blank, and his left hand clutched the badge of the Enforcer in front of his chest. "Brothers … In the next life, we'll continue to be brothers …"
As soon as he finished speaking, there was no longer any focus in his eyes.
.....
PS: I'm not asking for votes, I'm asking for a compliment. Can you compliment my looks?








Chapter 1556
At the moment Han Feng died, Ye Xuan slowly collapsed as well.
He was also exhausted!
Were the Enforcers weak?
Not at all!
Most importantly, they were just like Ye Xuan. Every single one of them was unafraid of death!
Most of the injuries on his body were exchanged with the Enforcers' lives!
If it wasn't for the Undying Bloodline and the Mad Demon Bloodline, he would definitely not be a match for them!
Fortunately, there were no experts on the level of Mu Xiaodao in this group of people!
Otherwise, he wouldn't even be able to resist 10 of them, let alone 60!
Earlier, Mu Xiaodao had almost killed him with over 10 Enforcers!
There was a huge gap between the Enforcers and Mu Xiaodao!
At this moment, a middle-aged man appeared. He wore the signature black robe of the Enforcers!
He was one of the 6 Commanders of the Enforcers, Lin Shan!
There were 28 Enforcers behind Lin Shan!
When he saw the corpses of Han Feng and the rest, Lin Shan's face instantly turned gloomy. He looked up at Ye Xuan who was nearby. "Chop him into pieces!"
Behind him, a Law Enforcer dashed towards Ye Xuan directly. When the Law Enforcer was in front of Ye Xuan, a beam of sword light suddenly slashed towards him. The Law Enforcer's expression changed drastically, and he blocked the blade horizontally.
Boom!
The saber shattered, and the Enforcer was instantly sent flying thousands of meters away!
At this moment, 3 women appeared behind Ye Xuan!
They were the mysterious woman and the other 2 women who had rushed over due to the aura of Ye Xuan's Undying Bloodline!
The three women were dumbfounded when they saw Ye Xuan lying in a pool of blood.
The mysterious woman suddenly charged towards Ye Xuan. When she saw Ye Xuan's miserable state, her tears instantly flowed down. "No … Xuan 'er … No …"
As she spoke, she hugged Ye Xuan, and the tears in her eyes flowed like a broken dam.
Regret!
At this moment, the mysterious woman felt like her heart was being pricked by needles, and she was close to going mad.
Self-blame!
Guilt!
Regret!
The mysterious woman hugged Ye Xuan tightly and cried like a child, "I'm sorry … I'm sorry … I'm sorry …"
She was the one who forced Ye Xuan into a desperate situation …
Not far away, Tu retracted her gaze from Ye Xuan and looked at Lin Shan with bloodshot eyes. "Die!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she suddenly transformed into a ray of sword light that charged out!
This time, she did not use her fists!
Because her sword was stronger!
At this moment, she only wanted to kill!
Lin Shan's expression instantly changed when he saw this strike!
What a powerful sword!
Lin Shan directly rushed out.
On the other side, Mu Niannian's lips curled into a sinister smile as he charged forward with his sword in hand …
The two of them were furious!
As soon as they exchanged blows, the two women were crushed!
Directly crushed!
Especially when they were enraged, their combat strength was simply off the charts!
At the side, Xiao Ta slowly floated out from within Ye Xuan's body, and Xiao Ta was shocked when he saw the mysterious woman. "Fuck … Save me …"
As soon as he finished speaking, he turned around and ran.
The mysterious woman was speechless.
At this moment, the woman's right hand suddenly made a grabbing motion, and the small pagoda was instantly caught in her hand.
Xiao Ta begged, "I …"
The mysterious woman hurriedly said, "Quickly give him violet energy!"
Xiao Ta hesitated for a moment, and then he said, "You …"
(If this chapter isn't finished, please continue.)
The mysterious woman spoke furiously, "What? Quickly give him violet energy!"
Xiao Ta hesitated for a moment before he said, "Young Master is fine."
The mysterious woman gazed at Ye Xuan when she heard this. As expected, the injuries throughout Ye Xuan's body were slowly recovering.
The mysterious woman instantly heaved a sigh of relief when she witnessed this scene!
Actually, if he relied solely on the Immortal Bloodline, then Ye Xuan would be dead by now!
In the end, it wasn't just the Immortal Bloodline that saved him, but the violet energy as well!
Meanwhile, Xiao Ta spoke softly, "Young Master's Insanity Demon Bloodline …"
The mysterious woman gazed at Ye Xuan. At this moment, Ye Xuan's entire body was still blood red, and the Insanity Demon Bloodline was growing stronger!
The reason Ye Xuan hadn't completely woken up was because of the Insanity Demon Bloodline!
The mysterious woman fell silent for a moment before she placed her right hand lightly on Ye Xuan's shoulder, and a mysterious force entered Ye Xuan's body. At this moment, the Insanity Demon Bloodline suddenly boiled!
Resist!
The mysterious woman withdrew her hand when she witnessed this scene.
She didn't dare use force because Ye Xuan was too weak right now!
As if she'd thought of something, she gazed at the sword in Ye Xuan's hand. "Sword Spirit, I need your help!"
After a moment of silence, the Sword Spirit trembled slightly.
The mysterious woman placed her right hand on Ye Xuan's shoulder again, and it didn't take long for a mysterious force to enter Ye Xuan's body.
The Insanity Demon Bloodline resisted once more, and it was even more intense than before!
It had a bad temper!
Right at this moment, the Sword Spirit suddenly transformed into a ray of blood red light that entered Ye Xuan's body!
Bang!
Ye Xuan's body stiffened, and the Insanity Demon Bloodline within Ye Xuan's body gradually calmed down!
On the other hand, Ye Xuan's body gradually returned to normal!
A trace of a smile appeared on the mysterious woman's face when she witnessed this scene.
Meanwhile, the battle in the distance had ended!
Over 10 corpses lay by Mu Niannian and Tu's sides, and only Lin Shan was still alive.
However, Lin Shan was half dead at this moment, and a sword was stuck in his chest. It was unknown whether it was Tu's or Nian Nian's.
Lin Shan stared fixedly at the two women before him and was about to speak when Mu Niannian suddenly pressed her fingers together and slashed.
Hiss!
Lin Shan's head flew into the air!
Mu Niannian turned around and walked over to Ye Xuan's side. When she saw that Ye Xuan's arm had been severed, her expression instantly turned gloomy.
Tu's eyes were scarlet red, and he didn't conceal his killing intent at all.
Right at this moment, Ye Xuan slowly opened his eyes. When he saw the mysterious woman for the first time, Ye Xuan's expression instantly changed, and he jumped to the side. "Fuck … You chased me all the way here to kill me!"
Needless to say, he was really shocked at this moment!
Dammit!
I actually encountered this woman here!
How long has this woman been chasing after me?
What kind of deep hatred does she have?
The mysterious woman's expression froze.
At this moment, Ye Xuan saw Tu and Mu Niannian. When he saw them, Ye Xuan was overjoyed. "Sister Nian!
Qing 'er! "
Mu Niannian smiled faintly. She walked over to Ye Xuan's side and gently patted Ye Xuan's head. She smiled. "How do you feel now?"
Ye Xuan grinned. "Much better!"
As he spoke, he looked at Tu. "Qing 'er, you're here too!"
Tu nodded slightly, and his expression was gloomy. "I'm late!"
Tu still couldn't let go of the fact that Ye Xuan had been bullied to this extent!
Ye Xuan grinned. "It's good that you're still alive!"
It's good that you're still alive!
In fact, when he had completely entered a state of madness, he had already given up on living!
At that moment, he only wanted to kill!
As if he had thought of something, Ye Xuan suddenly looked at the mysterious woman.
(If this chapter is not finished, please continue to the next page)
He opened his palm, and a sword appeared in his hand. "Sister Nian, Qing 'er, let's join forces. We can definitely kill this demon woman!"
Mu Niannian: "…"
Tu: "…"
The mysterious woman lowered her head slightly, and no one knew what she was thinking.
Ye Xuan sensed that the atmosphere was a little strange. He looked at Nian Nian. "Sister Nian, what's going on?"
Mu Niannian hesitated for a moment. "If I said that she's your biological mother, would you believe me?"
Ye Xuan blinked. "Sister Nian … this joke isn't funny at all!"
Mu Niannian looked at Ye Xuan. "I'm not joking!"
The smile on Ye Xuan's face gradually disappeared. He knew that Sister Nian usually wouldn't joke around with him!
Ye Xuan shook his head and smiled. "Sister Nian, have you forgotten how she treated me in the past?
In order to kill me, she would do anything … How could she be my biological mother?
Moreover, my biological mother is Dugu Xuan! "
At this moment, the mysterious woman suddenly said softly, "I'm sorry!"
Ye Xuan looked at the mysterious woman. "I think this is a little absurd!"
The mysterious woman looked at Ye Xuan. "I am indeed your biological mother!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "Then who is Dugu Xuan?"
The mysterious woman said softly, "She's my older sister!"
Ye Xuan frowned slightly. "Your older sister?"
The mysterious woman nodded. "She's also from the Undying Emperor Clan. However, due to some special reasons, her bloodline was taken away!"
Ye Xuan looked at the mysterious woman. "This time, it was you who asked the Undying Emperor Clan's experts to help me?"
The mysterious woman nodded.
Ye Xuan was silent for a moment, then shook his head. "I still don't understand. If you're really my mother, why did you target me so desperately before?
Could it be that you wanted to train me?
But it doesn't seem like it!
You're really trying to kill me! "
The mysterious woman was a little embarrassed. Of course, she felt even more guilty!
All these years, not only did she not fulfill her responsibility as a mother, she even forced her own son to die …
At this moment, Ye Xuan said again. "Moreover, what I don't understand is that you knew I had the Undying Bloodline. Logically speaking, even if you didn't know I was your son, we should be related since we share the same bloodline. Why did you force me to die so crazily?"
The mysterious woman said softly, "I thought you were my older sister's son!"
Ye Xuan blinked. "Do you have such a deep grudge against your older sister?"
The mysterious woman wanted to say something, but stopped.
At this moment, Mu Niannian suddenly said. "She thought you died back then!
That's why she wanted to take revenge on her older sister … But the truth is, you didn't die back then … That's why it's like this now! "
As she spoke, she recounted the old stories that Miss Ding had told her before.
After hearing Mu Niannian's words, Ye Xuan was silent.
Actually, he felt that it was a little too ridiculous!
She was a mortal enemy just a while ago, but now she was his biological mother?
Didn't this mean that he couldn't take revenge?
He was beaten for nothing?
How could a biological mother beat her son for nothing?
No way!
Ye Xuan was about to speak when a huge black vortex suddenly appeared in the starry sky, and then a woman walked out!
It was Mu Xiaodao!
With Mu Xiaodao's appearance, the leader of the Undead Clan, Dongli Jing, also appeared.
After Mu Xiaodao appeared, she opened her palm, and a flying dagger appeared in her hand. At this moment, she glanced at Nian Nian and the others, and then she blinked and said, "Sorry to disturb you!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she turned around and ran.
She confirmed that she couldn't defeat so many people!
Everyone: "…"
..
(End of this chapter)








Chapter 1557
The reason why Little Er was able to suppress Nian Nian and Tu back then was mainly because of the Disaster Law. If it wasn't for the Disaster Law suppressing Nian Nian and Tu, in a one-on-one battle, she would at most have a fifty-fifty chance of defeating them!
Seeing Mu Xiaodao escape, Ye Xuan shouted angrily, "Hack her to death!"
Saying that, he chased after her!
Don't let this knife-wielding woman go!
This woman is too shameless!
Moreover, she knows when to yield and when to stand tall. If she lives, she will become a huge problem in the future!
Mu Niannian and Tu were even faster. In the instant that Mu Xiaodao escaped, the two girls had already chased after him.
Ye Xuan also wanted to chase, but the mysterious woman suddenly shook her head, "It's too late!"
Ye Xuan was stunned and was about to speak when Mu Niannian and Tu returned!
Mu Niannian shook her head, "She ran too fast!"
Ye Xuan was speechless. Damn, this woman ran so fast!
At this moment, the mysterious woman suddenly said, "We have to return to the Undead Tribe first!"
Hearing that, Ye Xuan suddenly turned and left!
Mu Niannian and the other two were stunned and quickly followed!
Ye Xuan rushed to the Nine-Dimensional Cosmic Barrier. When he arrived, there was only one person left!
Big Dipper!
Ye Xuan quickly walked in front of Big Dipper. Big Dipper's injuries were serious, but fortunately, she had the Undead Bloodline, so it was not fatal!
Ye Xuan opened his palm, and countless purple energy surged out of his palm and entered Big Dipper's body!
With the purple energy's healing, Big Dipper's injuries healed even faster!
Ye Xuan looked around, "Where are the enforcers?"
Big Dipper wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth, "Gone!"
Gone!
Ye Xuan frowned, these enforcers retreated very quickly!
Big Dipper suddenly looked at the mysterious woman, "You … you are the third miss?"
The mysterious woman nodded.
Big Dipper was about to speak when Dongli Jing suddenly said, "The Cosmos God Court will not let this go. Let's return to the Undead Tribe first!"
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Wait!"
With that, he turned around and disappeared.
The girls looked in the direction in which Ye Xuan had left. Soon, they discovered that Ye Xuan had arrived at the battlefield.
Ye Xuan looked at the experts of the Undying Emperor Clan who had died in battle. He bowed deeply to their corpses, then put them away. Then, he returned to the Nine-Dimensional Barrier!
Yasushi glanced at Ye Xuan and said, "Let's go!"
Just as she was about to enter the Nine Dimensional Universe, a flying dagger suddenly flew towards her from afar!
Higashi Yasushi frowned, turned around, and threw a punch.
Boom!
The flying dagger was forced to stop!
At this moment, another flying dagger slashed over!
The mysterious woman at the side suddenly took a step forward and struck out with her palm. There was a blood-red flame on her palm!
Boom!
The flying knife was forcibly stopped by this palm!
At this moment, the mysterious woman and Higashi Yasushi suddenly attacked again.
Boom!
The two flying daggers were sent flying!
Everyone looked over and saw that it was Mu Xiaodao who had attacked!
Mu Xiaodao blinked. "I'm back!"
Higashi Yasushi gazed at Mu Xiaodao and slowly clenched his right fist.
Mu Xiaodao opened her palm, and a flying dagger appeared in her hand. She smiled and said, "I now announce that your Undying Emperor Clan will be annihilated!"
A wisp of disdain curled up the corners of Higashi Yasushi's mouth, "You?"
Mu Xiaodao suddenly pointed above her head.
Everyone looked in the direction she was pointing.
Bang!
An expanse of space suddenly split open above Mu Xiaodao, and then a middle aged man walked out from within it.
The middle aged man wore a black robe, and his hair was tied up high. He had a scholarly aura between his brows, and he gave others the feeling that he was quiet!
Mu Xiu!
He was the boss of the Universal Enforcers, and he was in charge of all the Universal Enforcers!
Behind Mu Xiu, ten black-clothed men appeared soundlessly. These ten black-clothed men all held a dagger in their hands, and they were like ghosts!
Behind these ten black-clothed men, there were four middle-aged men, two of whom were
(This chapter isn't finished. Please continue.)
They were Yan Mo and Mo Shan.
Both of them were commanders of the Universe Enforcers, and the other two were commanders of the Universe Enforcers as well!
Behind the 4 of them, there were 120 people.
All of them were Universe Enforcers!
Other than the dead Universe Enforcers, almost all the Universe Enforcers of the Cosmos God Court had rushed here!
At this moment, a few hundred meters to the right of Mu Xiu, the space there suddenly split open, and an old man walked out.
The old man wore a loose white robe, and he held a black ancient book in his hands. On the book, there were two large black words: God Technique!
Sage!
In the Cosmos God Court, there was a group of people who specialized in spells and secret techniques. These people were called Sages.
And these people possessed the most ancient secret techniques and spells in the universe!
Sages were also split into different levels. Even though the person in front of them wasn't at the peak, he was still a Sage Master. One must know that above the Sage Master was the God Word Master, and there were only two God Word Masters in the entire Cosmos God Court!
Behind the old man, there were two people, one male and one female. From their appearance, they seemed to be around 30 years old, and they were both holding a sheathed sword in their hands!
It wasn't over yet, a few hundred meters to the right of Mu Xiaodao, the space there suddenly split open, and a white robed man walked out. This man was wearing a robe as white as snow, and he was holding a long spear in his hands. It was an extremely ordinary wooden spear!
Below, Ye Xuan's face sunk!
There wasn't a single weakling among these people!
The Cosmos God Court, the most ancient and mysterious power in the universe, was slowly emerging!
In the distance, the boss of the Universe Enforcers, Mu Xiu, suddenly looked at Mu Xiaodao, "Miss Mu, how are we going to fight?"
Mu Xiaodao pointed at Ye Xuan, "I'll fight this one, I'll leave the rest to you guys!"
Ye Xuan: "…"
Mu Xiu glanced at Ye Xuan and the rest, and his face sunk. This woman was the strongest on their side, but she chose the weakest person on the other side.
Only this woman would do such a thing!
The white robed man from the Cosmos God Court suddenly said, "Miss Mu, you're strong, you can fight the Undying Race's leader, what do you think?"
Mu Xiaodao immediately shook her head, "I won't fight this woman!"
She wasn't afraid of Dongli Jing, but this woman couldn't be beaten to death!
That Undying Bloodline was like a pervert, as long as she wasn't instantly killed, she would be able to continuously recover!
If the two of them fought, they could fight for ten years!
Hearing Mu Xiaodao's words, the white robed man was speechless. Amongst the six Universe Law Protectors, Mu Xiaodao was the most shameless, and also the most unreasonable. Moreover, she could do anything!
For example, betray her teammates!
The moment she realized that she couldn't win, she would immediately flee!
This woman was simply the best in the Cosmos God Court!
However, she was really strong.
Therefore, even though many people didn't like her, they didn't dare to offend her!
Strength was secondary, the most important thing was that this woman knew how to play dirty …
Mu Xiaodao glanced at the white robed man and the rest, "Are you guys fighting?
If not, then I'm leaving! "
Hearing this, everyone's expressions instantly turned slightly unsightly!
At this moment, the Divine Sage suddenly said, "Leave the Undying Clan's Patriarch to me!"
The white robed man looked at Tu below, "Leave this woman to me!"
Below, Tu directly shot into the sky and slashed at the white robed man!
A single slash shook the heavens and the earth!
In midair, the white robed man narrowed his eyes, "What a strong Swordsman!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he suddenly vanished on the spot.
Bang!
A crack in the space was blasted open!
Within the pitch-black spatial hole, Tu directly suppressed the white robed man. However, the white robed man was strong as well. Even though he was suppressed, he didn't show any signs of losing!
Mu Xiu looked at Mu Niannian below, "Leave this woman to me!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he suddenly took a step forward, and below him, Mu Niannian suddenly drew her sword.
Om!
A sword hum shook the starry sky!
Soon, Mu Niannian and Mu Xiu started fighting, and Mu Niannian still held the upper hand, suppressing Mu Xiu!
(This chapter isn't finished, please continue to the next page)
At this moment, Mu Xiaodao suddenly looked at a sword-wielding woman behind the Divine Sage, "You go and beat the one with the blade from the Undying Emperor Clan!"
She was referring to Seven Star!
Seven Star looked up at the sword-wielding woman, and the two women looked at each other. In the next moment, the two women simultaneously vanished on the spot!
Bang!
In the starry sky, a wave of sword light and blade light violently exploded!
Mu Xiaodao then looked at the Enforcers, "Follow me and beat up that Sinner of Misfortune!"
Ye Xuan's face was filled with black lines!
Damn it!
This woman was bullying the weak, and she still wanted to gang up on him?
One hundred and twenty Enforcers, and four Universe Enforcer Commanders. Other than that, there were also ten people who looked extremely powerful …
This was too much!
At this moment, Dongli Yasuda suddenly sneered, "Bullying the weak with numbers?
Don't you know whose territory this is? "
As soon as he finished speaking, countless strong people appeared in the surroundings!
There were tens of thousands of them!
All of them were the strongest people in the Eighth Dimension!
Although their overall strength was slightly weaker than these Enforcers, they had the numbers advantage!
Other than that, within the entire Eighth Dimension, countless large arrays appeared, and these large arrays targeted the Enforcers.
However, this was not the end. From the space channel leading to the Nine Dimensions, a powerful aura suddenly appeared. The next moment, a group of experts wearing armor and holding long spears rushed out!
Dao soldiers!
The Undying Emperor Clan had nurtured a total of thirty thousand Dao soldiers!
Leading them was a middle-aged man.
Dongli Ting!
Dao soldier commanders!
Dongli Yasuda suddenly pointed at the distant Ye Xuan, "Protect the young master!"
Dongli Ting looked at Ye Xuan, and in the next moment, he knelt on one knee, "We pledge our lives to protect the young master!"
Behind him, tens of thousands of people knelt on one knee, "We pledge our lives to protect the young master!"
Ye Xuan was about to speak, but at this moment, behind him, nineteen black figures suddenly appeared without a sound!
These nineteen people were like shadows, closely guarding beside him.
The auras of these nineteen people were even stronger than those of the Enforcers.
Ye Xuan was slightly shocked, because he didn't even notice when these nineteen people had appeared behind him!
However, this wasn't the end!
Within the spatial tunnel, dragon roars suddenly sounded, and in the next moment, a powerful aura swept out from the spatial tunnel!
The aura was like a mountain flood, crushing everything!
In next to no time, a group of cavalrymen clad in armor and wielding spears charged out from the spatial passageway while riding on enormous dragons!
Undying Blood Cavalry!
As a super power that ruled the Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, and Tenth Dimensions, how could the Undying Emperor Clan not have an army?
This Undying Blood Cavalry was the most elite cavalry of the Undying Emperor Clan!
There weren't many of them, only a thousand!
However, when these thousand cavalrymen charged in formation, just their aura alone could split the heavens and shatter the earth!
As soon as the 1,000 Undying Blood Knights charged out, everyone in the surroundings felt a strand of pressure descend upon them!
Even Ye Xuan felt an extremely strong pressure, and he had no choice but to use his sword intent to resist!
At this moment, the commander of the Undying Blood Cavalry suddenly looked at Ye Xuan, and in the next moment, he put away his spear and slightly lowered his head, "Greetings, Young Master!"
Behind him, the thousand Undying Blood Cavalry simultaneously lowered their heads, and said in unison, "Greetings, Young Master!"
And the thousand giant dragons beneath them also suddenly lowered their heads, in a subservient posture!
Ye Xuan was somewhat dumbfounded.
At this moment, the spatial tunnel that led to the Ninth Dimension suddenly trembled …
There were more experts rushing over …
Looking at the experts of the Ninth Dimension kneeling on one knee in front of him, Ye Xuan softly sighed.
At this moment, Xiao Ta asked, "Young Master, why are you sighing?"
Ye Xuan looked towards the horizon, and softly said, "In the past, when I said that I was the son of the Ninth Dimension, not only did they not believe me, they even said that I was bragging …"
Xiao Ta: "…"
....
PS: Yesterday, a reader told me that I can publish it on time. This way, I won't be late anymore!
That's great!
(End of this chapter)








Chapter 1558
Thousands of people charged out from the spatial tunnel. They were all wearing silver armor, feathered helmets, and had longbows on their backs.
Three thousand six hundred people!
Divine Feather Guards!
These were the divine archers that the Undying Emperor Clan had carefully nurtured. They were also an army that was as famous as the Undying Blood Cavalry!
In the secular world, armies could not contend against peak experts!
But in the nine-dimensional universe, it was different!
Because these armies were made up of super experts!
Why was the Undying Emperor Clan so powerful?
Other than their own bloodlines, there was another important reason!
The Undying Emperor Clan controlled three super dimensional universes, as well as ten worlds.
Simply put, the Undying Emperor Clan controlled an enormous amount of resources and talents. Every year, these worlds would provide the Undying Emperor Clan with an endless supply of talents.
As long as they were geniuses or monsters, they would be absorbed by the Undying Emperor Clan!
And these armies of the Undying Emperor Clan were all made up of super geniuses and monsters. In addition, they had the support of the Undying Emperor Clan's resources. Thus, these people were extremely powerful!
Just like this Divine Feather Guard. In terms of individual strength, they were not much weaker than the Universe Enforcers. In addition, they had the advantage in numbers. Even if they faced the Universe Enforcers, they would not be afraid!
After this Divine Feather Guard appeared, everyone clenched their right fists and placed them on their chests. Then, they bowed slightly to Ye Xuan.
Young master!
The Undying Emperor Clan had not had a young master for countless years!
And this generation's young master was different from the past. Because this generation's young master had two super bloodlines!
He was the future hope of the Undying Emperor Clan!
Before coming, the clan's elders had given them a death order. They had to protect the young master at all costs.
It could be said that Ye Xuan's identity had been decided by the Clan Leader and the Undying Emperor Clan's elders. Not only was it legal, it was also very special.
Seeing everyone bow to him, Ye Xuan felt complicated.
He was still a bit confused about his identity as the Undying Emperor Clan's young master.
As the Undying Emperor Clan's experts continued to appear, the situation instantly reversed!
Not far away, Mu Xiaodao's expression was incomparably gloomy.
This was awkward!
They did not compete in numbers!
She was already preparing to flee!
If she could win, she would fight. If she couldn't, she would not fight.
If you want to live long, you must learn to be humble!
As if he knew what Mu Xiaodao was thinking, the nearby Divine Diviner suddenly sent a voice transmission. "Guardian, if you retreat now, then all of us will die here!"
Mu Xiaodao blinked his eyes. "Who told you not to get more people!
This was especially so for the Hall of Men Yan. They had only sent three of them. What were they thinking?
Are you looking down on the Undying Imperial Clan? "
The Divine Word Master said in a deep voice, "It is not that we look down on the Undying Imperial Clan. Merely, we never expected that the Undying Imperial Clan would actually fight to the death for this person.
Guardian, you must not retreat. There are already super experts from our palace rushing over. If you retreat, the people here will be in danger! "
At this moment, he was really worried!
If it was any other law enforcer, he wouldn't be worried. But this Mu Xiaodao, this woman, didn't act according to common sense. She would really do something like betraying her teammates!
In the entire Cosmos God Court, other than the laws of their universe, no one else could control them!
Mu Xiaodao said indifferently, "Who came to the Hall of Speech?"
The Divine Sage said in a deep voice, "The white-robed priest has arrived!"
White-robed Divine Sage!
Mu Xiaodao's expression changed slightly. However, she still didn't speak.
The Divine Sage said again, "Other than that, the Dark Hall's divine guards have arrived. The one leading them is the Mistress of the Dark Hall!
Also, another guardian is already rushing over here! "
Guardian!
Mu Xiaodao hurriedly asked, "Do you know who it is?"
The Divine Sage shook his head. "I don't know!"
Mu Xiaodao said softly, "Who could it be?"
At this moment, a man suddenly appeared beside Dongli Jing. This person was Nan Xing, who was in charge of intelligence!
Nan Xing said in a deep voice, "Patriarch, there is a group of super experts rushing towards us through the star field!
They are very strong. Our people can't stop them!
In at most fifteen minutes, they will appear here! "
Dongli Jing looked at Mu Xiaodao.
There was a rare trace of seriousness in her eyes!
How strong was the Cosmos God Court?
She didn't know either!
This was because the Cosmos God Court rarely appeared in the eyes of the world. Even to the Undying Imperial Clan, the Cosmos God Court was very mysterious!
Now, there were experts from the Cosmos God Court rushing over. This proved that the Cosmos God Court wasn't afraid of the Undying Imperial Clan!
They also chose to fight the Undying Imperial Clan head-on!
At this point, Dongli Jing suddenly turned to look at Ye Xuan.
Double bloodline!
Mortal sword!
Seeing Dongli Jing look over, Ye Xuan was about to speak. Dongli Jing suddenly transmitted his xuan qi, "Little fella, you have to cooperate with me later!"
Ye Xuan was slightly confused. "How?"
Dongli Jing said, "There is a group of super experts from the Cosmos God Court rushing over. I don't know how strong they are. If they are too strong, I will need to mobilize a mysterious army of the Undying Imperial Clan. However, this mysterious army is stationed in the Undying World. They will only act when the family is in danger!
I need them to leave the Undying World. In order for them to leave the Undying World, I need a reason that they can't refuse!
I need to display all my talent. The more outstanding I am, the more I can move them! "
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "Patriarch, even you can't mobilize them?"
Dongli Jing nodded. "I can!
However, I need a reasonable reason!
Moreover, I need to raise their morale! "
Ye Xuan went silent.
Dongli Jing continued, "Little fella, we are a big family. Families like this are usually the most snobbish.
If you have potential and value, the family will protect you at all costs. If you don't have potential or your value isn't high enough, the family will consider if it's worth it!
I can suppress other voices in the family. However, I hope to do it in a different way. That is to let everyone in the family feel that it's worth risking their lives for me! "
Risking their lives!
Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes!
At this moment, he thought of the young man from the Undying Imperial Army!
These people were risking their lives for him. However, they didn't even know who he was!
If it was him, would he risk his life for someone he didn't know?
Value!
Dongli Jing's words were very direct!
If there was value, if it could bring benefits and hope to the family, then everyone would fight for it!
If there was no value, if it couldn't bring benefits and hope to the family, then it was useless even if he was the patriarch's son!
Of course, he understood the other meaning behind Dongli Jing's words.
That was, he, Ye Xuan, had to take a stand!
Right now, the people from the Undying Imperial Clan all treated Ye Xuan as their young master. However, what about Ye Xuan himself?
Did he have any sense of belonging to the Undying Imperial Clan?
His, Ye Xuan's, attitude was very important!
If the Undying Imperial Clan risked their lives in exchange for a young master who didn't have any sense of belonging to the Undying Imperial Clan …
Ye Xuan collected his thoughts. He opened his palm and a necklace appeared in his hand.
This was what the young man from the Undying Imperial Army had given him before he died!
Ye Xuan looked at the necklace in silence for a moment. Then, he turned to look at his surroundings. At this moment, countless experts from the Undying Imperial Clan were waiting in formation.
These people were here to protect him, Ye Xuan!
By the side, Dongli Jing looked at Ye Xuan. What she wanted was Ye Xuan's attitude!
The Undying Imperial Clan was really determined to fight the Cosmos God Court to the death. Ye Xuan's attitude was very important!
It wasn't just her. The higher ups of the Undying Imperial Clan were also waiting for Ye Xuan's attitude!
Right at this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly walked out. He held a longsword in his hand and pointed it at the distant Mu Xiaodao. "Universe Guardian, I, Ye Xuan, the young master of the Undying Imperial Clan, challenge you on behalf of the Undying Imperial Clan!"
Boom!
As he spoke, a powerful aura surged out from Ye Xuan's body!
The aura of the Undying Bloodline!
At this moment, everyone turned to look at Ye Xuan.
Undying Bloodline!
Pure Undying Bloodline!
Of course, this wasn't the main point. The main point was that Ye Xuan was challenging the Cosmos Guardian!
No one here was a weakling. They could naturally tell that the strongest person on the Cosmos God Court's side was the Cosmos Guardian, Mu Xiaodao!
And now, their young master had actually...
He directly challenged the strongest, Mu Xiaodao!
In an instant, the blood of countless Undying Imperial Clan members boiled!
Their morale soared!
When he heard Ye Xuan's words, Dongli Jing slowly closed his eyes!
Everything he did was worth it!
A smile appeared on the mysterious woman's face. She naturally hoped that Ye Xuan would acknowledge the Undying Imperial Clan. After all, this was her clan.
In the sky, Mu Xiaodao looked at Ye Xuan, "One on one?"
Ye Xuan laughed, "Yes!"
Mu Xiaodao fell silent.
At this moment, the experts of the Cosmos God Court were also looking at her.
If Mu Xiaodao retreated now, then the Cosmos God Court would lose all face!
Meanwhile, Mu Xiaodao suddenly smiled, "You want a one on one fight? Sure!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she suddenly took a step forward. In the next moment, her soul was unsheathed, and a flying dagger appeared above her head. Her soul grabbed the flying dagger and slashed forward. "God Slaying!"
As soon as this strike was executed, the world here instantly became illusory!
Everyone sensed a powerful attack from the blade!
The expressions of all the experts from the Undying Imperial Clan changed when they witnessed this scene!
That attack was too strong!
Even Dongli Jing's eyes were filled with seriousness at this moment!
She could block that attack, but what about Ye Xuan?
Under everyone's gaze, Ye Xuan suddenly took another step forward.
Bang!
A red aura suddenly shot into the sky from within him, and in an instant, the entire sky was dyed blood red!
Mad Demon Bloodline!
Ye Xuan had entered a mad demon state, and he'd gone completely mad without even a trace of consciousness left!
Two bloodlines!
All the experts from the Undying Imperial Clan were shocked.
But this wasn't the end of it. Ye Xuan took another step forward.
The Sword Domain!
It wasn't just the Sword Domain, there was the Slaughter Domain, the Death Domain, and the Blood Domain!
Four Domains!
The shock in the hearts of all the spectators had transformed into astonishment!
However, this wasn't the end of it. Ye Xuan took another step forward and stabbed with his sword.
It was a very ordinary attack, and it didn't even carry a trace of sword energy!
However, the expressions of Dongli Jing and the others had changed!
The Mortal Realm!
It wasn't just the Mortal Realm, it was the Mortal Sword!
The sword pierced through the flying dagger!
Bang!
The starry sky in the surroundings was obliterated inch by inch, and all the experts retreated in unison!
Ye Xuan didn't retreat. He didn't even take a single step back. Because he knew that he couldn't because he would weaken his momentum if he did!
Ye Xuan had forcefully suppressed the power within Mu Xiaodao's flying knife with his four Domains. However, he had to pay a price for it. His face had instantly turned pale as a sheet, and his internal organs had been torn apart. Fortunately, he had the Undying Bloodline and Primordial Violet Aura. Otherwise, he might have died on the spot!
Just like that, Ye Xuan used his four Domains to forcefully resist Mu Xiaodao's attack, and he forcefully swallowed the blood in his mouth over and over again.
Ye Xuan stood ramrod straight with his back towards the experts from the Undying Imperial Clan. At this moment, they felt like Ye Xuan was a god of war!
Moreover, all of them were shocked.
How did Ye Xuan block that attack so easily?
Actually, he didn't even have the strength to move!
However, he forced himself to act as if he was fine.
Meanwhile, Ye Xuan suddenly raised his head to look at Mu Xiaodao, and a wisp of ridicule arose on the corners of his mouth. "Is that all the Guardians of the Universe have?
If all of them are like this, then I, Ye Xuan, can take on nine of them! "
Everyone was speechless.
It didn't matter if he could win or not!
What was important was that he had to act tough!
In any case, acting tough wasn't against the law!
Right at this moment, someone suddenly shouted. "The Young Master is invincible!"
A moment of silence ensued.
"The Young Master is invincible!"
"The Young Master is invincible …"
"The Young Master is invincible …"
Voice after voice resounded through the battlefield and into the depths of the starry sky …
.....








Chapter 1559
Mu Xiaodao stared fixedly at Ye Xuan. She really didn't understand why this fellow makes it seem like he's won!
Didn't they just exchange a single blow?
Actually, she was quite shocked that Ye Xuan had been able to resist her attack. Because Ye Xuan hadn't taken a single step back!
After all, she hadn't held back at all just now!
Under normal circumstances, Ye Xuan wouldn't have been able to resist it. But he'd resisted it!
Not only had he resisted it, he'd even seemed to do it with ease!
The most intolerable part was that he'd actually said that he wanted to fight nine Guardians of the Laws of the Universe!
Meanwhile, Mu Xiaodao suddenly gazed at Ye Xuan's hand, and she noticed that Ye Xuan's hand seemed to be trembling. A thought arose in her mind when she saw this. Is he putting on a show?
When she thought up to this point, she opened her palm, and another throwing knife appeared in her grasp!
She was about to launch another attack!
She would definitely be able to see through Ye Xuan's strength with this attack!
Suddenly, Ye Xuan pointed the sword in his right hand towards the ground while he placed his left hand behind his back. A light breeze blew past, and his sleeves fluttered!
The elegant demeanor of a Swordsman was on full display!
Meanwhile, Ye Xuan's mind had recovered slightly with the help of the Sword Spirit!
So long as he didn't suffer too much of a shock, then the Sword Spirit would be able to help him regain consciousness.
Mu Xiaodao was just about to attack when Ye Xuan suddenly shouted, "Mu Xiaodao!"
His voice rumbled like thunder and shook the starry sky!
Mu Xiaodao who was about to attack gazed at Ye Xuan with a puzzled expression, "What are you doing?"
Ye Xuan roared with laughter, "A mere Guardian of the Laws isn't worthy of me, Ye Xuan!
You aren't worthy! "
As soon as he finished speaking, he turned around and left swiftly!
Everyone in the surroundings was stunned when they heard this!
Did Mu Xiaodao lose?
All of them exchanged glances!
Meanwhile, someone shouted from the crowd, "The young master is invincible!"
"The young master is invincible!"
Countless experts from the Undying Imperial Clan began to shout in succession!
The voices grew louder and louder!
The group of Cosmos God Court experts were still stunned.
Did our Guardian of the Laws of the Universe lose?
They all looked at Mu Xiaodao!
Mu Xiaodao was also somewhat dumbfounded. Had he lost?
He didn't lose!
But why did this guy make it sound like he had already lost?
How could they play like that?
Mu Xiaodao shook her head and looked at Ye Xuan, "Come, come!
Come out, let's continue fighting! "
At this moment, she was enraged!
Damn it!
In terms of shamelessness, he had met his match this time.
Down below, Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes. At this moment, his Undying Bloodline and Purple Qi were madly repairing his body!
Healing!
Hurry up and heal!
That saber strike just now almost took his life!
Seeing that Ye Xuan did not respond, Mu Xiaodao suddenly said angrily, "Come on, continue fighting!"
As she spoke, she opened her palm and the flying knife in her hand suddenly flew out and slashed towards Ye Xuan.
The corner of Ye Xuan's mouth twitched when he saw the blade coming at him. How could he block it?
At this moment, the mysterious woman suddenly appeared in front of Ye Xuan and punched out. Her fist was burning with flames.
Boom!
The mysterious woman blocked the flying knife with a single punch!
In the sky, Mu Xiaodao looked at the mysterious woman, "Didn't you say one on one?"
The mysterious woman was about to speak when Ye Xuan suddenly opened his eyes and looked at Mu Xiaodao, "I've already received your saber strike. Now, it's your turn to receive my sword strike!
Do you dare? "
Mu Xiaodao
Qingcheng, Ye Clan, Ancestral Hall.
"Ancestors, Ye Xuan has no talent and no virtue … From this moment onwards, Ye Xuan's position as Prince will be replaced by Ye Lang."
The one who spoke was an old man in black robes.
Not far behind the old man stood a youth with a faint smile on his face.
This person was Ye Lang.
On both sides were the Ye Clan's Elders.
"Why?!"
At this moment, a timid voice suddenly sounded in the ancestral hall.
Everyone turned to look and saw a little girl standing at the door. She was about 12 or 13 years old, and her hands were tightly gripping the hem of her skirt. Her face had a sickly pallor, and she looked a little weak. There was even a trace of fear in her eyes.
This little girl was called Ye Ling and was Ye Xuan's younger sister. When she heard that the clan wanted to dismiss Ye Xuan, she disregarded her illness and rushed over.
The black-robed old man frowned, "Ye Ling, what are you doing!"
The little girl called Ye Ling bowed to the people in the ancestral hall and said timidly, "Great Elder, my brother Ye Xuan is a Prince. Why did you cripple him for no reason?"
The Great Elder looked coldly at Ye Ling, "This is a matter of the clan. Why are you interrupting?
Leave! "
Ye Ling was clearly a little fearful. She did not dare to look the Great Elder in the eye, but she did not leave. Instead, she mustered up her courage and walked into the ancestral hall. She bowed to the elders on both sides of the hall and said, "Elders, my brother is currently fighting with the Li family for the mining rights of the mine in Nanshan. He is now fighting for the family, and it is unknown whether he is alive or dead. However, the family has used a groundless excuse to remove his position as the Crown Prince. This is truly unfair.
"Impudent!"
The Great Elder suddenly raged, "Whether or not he is crippled is not up to a little girl like you to decide.
Men, drag her away! "
At this time, the new Prince Ye Lang suddenly laughed, "He should be flogged 30 times as a warning to others!"
The Great Elder replied coldly, "Then flog him 30 times!"
Very quickly, two Ye Clan's guards rushed in.
Ye Ling clenched her fists and said angrily, "This is unfair. My brother has risked his life for the clan for so many years. Even now, he is fighting for the clan. The clan is unfair to him …"
One of the guards glanced at the new Prince Ye Lang. He knew that this was his chance to shine.
The guard sneered, "Young Master Ye Lang inherits the title of Prince. What are you yelling about?" As he spoke, he raised his hand and slapped Ye Ling's face.
Slap!
A crisp slap was heard. Ye Ling's right cheek instantly turned red and swollen. However, she did not cry. She only covered her cheek tightly.
Ye Lang looked at the guard and smiled, "What's your name?"
The guard hurriedly bowed. "Subordinate Zhang Mu greets the Crown Prince."
Ye Lang nodded, "You're not bad. After I become the Prince, I will need ten guards. You can be my guard from now on."
Hearing this, Zhang Mu was overjoyed. He quickly bowed deeply, "Subordinate will go through fire and water for the Prince. I will do anything for you!"
Ye Lang nodded, "Drag him away. This person is disturbing the ancestral hall. Don't hold back. Understood?"
Zhang Mu glanced at Ye Lang. When he saw the murderous intent in Ye Lang's eyes, he understood.
He immediately grabbed Ye Ling's hair and dragged her out.
At this moment, Zhang Mu suddenly stopped as if he had seen something.
Inside the ancestral hall, everyone turned their heads to look outside the hall.
Not far from the ancestral hall, a young man was walking towards the ancestral hall. The young man was wearing a tight-fitting robe. The robe was tattered and covered in blood.
The young man was Ye Xuan, who had rushed back from Nanshan!
Seeing Ye Xuan, Ye Lang's mouth curled into a cold smile.
In the ancestral hall, the Elders frowned.
The Great Elder narrowed his eyes. His face was dark and gloomy. No one knew what he was thinking.
From afar, when Ye Xuan saw Zhang Mu dragging Ye Ling, his face turned savage. "Who gave you the guts to touch my sister?"
When Zhang Mu saw Ye Xuan, his face changed. He looked at Ye Lang and was about to speak. At this moment, Ye Xuan leaped in front of him like a ferocious tiger. Before the latter could react, Ye Xuan's fist landed on his face.
Peng!
Zhang Mu felt dizzy, and he stumbled and fell.
Ye Lang did not stop there. He charged at Zhang Mu again. At this time, Ye Lang suddenly roared, "Ye Xuan, he's my man. How dare you …"
Ye Xuan suddenly stepped on Zhang Mu's chest.
Pu!
Zhang Mu spat out a mouthful of blood.
Seeing this, Ye Lang's face turned ugly. Ye Xuan lifted his head to look at him, asking savagely, "Your man?"
As he spoke, he stomped on Zhang Mu's face.
Zhang Mu's face turned into a bloody mess, as he screamed, "Prince, save, save me …"
Ye Xuan ignored Zhang Mu, walking up to Ye Ling. Seeing Ye Ling's state, Ye Xuan felt as though his heart was being sliced apart. He clenched his fists, and his entire body trembled.
When Ye Ling saw Ye Xuan, her tears flowed, "Brother, it hurts, it hurts …"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan's expression turned savage. In the next instant, he charged in front of Zhang Mu and kicked Zhang Mu's head.
Peng!
Qingcheng, Ye Clan, Ancestral Hall.
"Ancestors, Ye Xuan has no talent, no virtue … From now on, Ye Xuan's position as Prince shall be replaced by Ye Lang."
The one who spoke was an old man in black robes.
Not far behind the old man, there was a youth with a faint smile on his face.
This person was Ye Lang.
On both sides, there were the Ye Clan Elders.
"Why!?"
At this time, a timid voice rang out in the Ancestral Hall.
Everyone turned to look and saw a little girl standing at the door. She was about 12 or 13 years old, and her hands were tightly gripping the hem of her skirt. Her face had a sickly pallor, and she looked a little weak. There was even a trace of fear in her eyes.
This girl was called Ye Ling, and she was Ye Xuan's younger sister. When she heard that the clan wanted to remove Ye Xuan, she disregarded her illness and rushed over.
The black-robed old man frowned, "Ye Ling, what are you doing!?"
The little girl called Ye Ling bowed to everyone in the Ancestral Hall, and asked timidly, "Great Elder, my brother, Ye Xuan, is the Prince. Why did you cripple him for no reason?"
The Great Elder looked at Ye Ling coldly, "This is a matter of the clan, what are you interrupting for?
Leave! "
Ye Ling was clearly a little fearful. She did not dare to look the Great Elder in the eye, but she did not leave. Instead, she mustered up her courage and walked into the ancestral hall. She bowed to the elders on both sides of the hall and said, "Elders, my brother is currently fighting with the Li family for the mining rights of the mine in Nanshan. He is now fighting for the family, and it is unknown whether he is alive or dead. However, the family has used a groundless excuse to remove his position as the Crown Prince.
"Impudent!"
The Great Elder suddenly raged, "Whether he's crippled or not, it's not up to a little girl like you to decide.
Men, drag her away! "
At this time, the new Prince, Ye Lang, suddenly laughed, "He should be flogged 30 times, as a warning to others!"
The Great Elder replied coldly, "Then flog him 30 times!"
Very quickly, two Ye Clan guards rushed in.
Ye Ling clenched her fists, and said angrily, "This is unfair! My brother has risked his life for the clan for so many years, and even now, he's fighting for the clan. The clan is unfair to him …"
One of the guards glanced at the new Prince, Ye Lang. He knew that this was his chance to shine.
The guard sneered, "Young Master Ye Lang inherits the Prince's position. What are you yelling about?" As he spoke, he raised his hand and slapped Ye Ling's face.
Slap!
A crisp slap sounded, and the right side of Ye Ling's face instantly swelled up. However, she did not cry, and only held her cheek tightly.
Ye Lang looked at the guard, and smiled, "What's your name?"
The guard quickly bowed, "This subordinate, Zhang Mu, greets the Prince."
Ye Lang nodded, "You're not bad. After I become the Prince, I'll need ten guards. From now on, you'll be my guard."
Hearing this, Zhang Mu was overjoyed, and quickly bowed deeply, "This subordinate is willing to go through fire and water for the Prince, even if it means death!"
Ye Lang nodded, "Drag him away. This person is causing trouble in the ancestral hall. Don't hold back, understand?"
Zhang Mu glanced at Ye Lang, and when he saw the murderous intent in Ye Lang's eyes, he understood.
He immediately grabbed Ye Ling's hair and dragged her out.
At this moment, Zhang Mu seemed to have seen something, and he suddenly stopped.
Inside the ancestral hall, everyone turned their heads to look outside the hall.
Not far from the ancestral hall, a young man was walking towards the ancestral hall. The young man was wearing a tight-fitting robe, and the robe was tattered, and there was blood everywhere.
The young man was Ye Xuan, who had rushed back from Nanshan!
Seeing Ye Xuan, Ye Lang's mouth curled into a cold smile.
In the ancestral hall, the Elders frowned.
The Great Elder narrowed his eyes, and his face was dark. No one knew what he was thinking.
From afar, when Ye Xuan saw Zhang Mu dragging Ye Ling, his face turned savage, "Who gave you the guts to touch my sister?"
When Zhang Mu saw Ye Xuan, his face changed. He quickly looked at Ye Lang, and was about to speak. At this moment, Ye Xuan leaped in front of him like a ferocious tiger. Before the latter could react, Ye Xuan's fist landed on his face.
Bang!
Zhang Mu's head spun, and he stumbled and fell.
Ye Lang did not stop there, and charged towards Zhang Mu again. At this time, Ye Lang suddenly roared, "Ye Xuan, he's my man, how dare you …"
Ye Xuan suddenly stepped on Zhang Mu's chest.
Pu!
Zhang Mu spat out a mouthful of blood.
Seeing this, Ye Lang's face turned ugly, while Ye Xuan lifted his head to look at him, asking savagely, "Your man?"
As he spoke, he stomped on Zhang Mu's face.
Zhang Mu's face turned into a bloody mess, as he screamed, "Prince, save, save me …"
Ye Xuan did not care about Zhang Mu, as he walked to Ye Ling's side. Seeing Ye Ling's state, Ye Xuan felt as though his heart was being sliced by a knife. He clenched his fists, and his entire body trembled.
When Ye Ling saw Ye Xuan, her tears flowed, "Brother, it hurts, it hurts …"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan's expression turned savage. In the next instant, he charged in front of Zhang Mu, and kicked Zhang Mu's head.
Peng!








Chapter 1560
Group fight!
As soon as Ye Xuan gave the order, all the experts from the Undying Imperial Clan charged towards Mu Xiaodao!
The mysterious woman was at the front!
Only she could block Mu Xiaodao's flying daggers!
Mu Xiaodao's first thought was to flee when she saw so many people charging at her.
There were too many people!
She couldn't beat them!
She was very clear about her own strength!
If it was a one-on-one fight, she wouldn't be afraid of anyone.
But the problem was that they were ganging up on her!
There were too many of them!
Mu Xiaodao was just about to flee when the Holy Sage fighting with Higashi Yasushi suddenly said, "Guardian, you can't run!"
If Mu Xiaodao ran now, they would be slaughtered!
Mu Xiaodao was speechless. Why was this old man so old-fashioned?
Didn't he see how many people there were?
Suddenly, a voice rang out in Mu Xiaodao's mind.
A moment later, Mu Xiaodao took a step forward. She opened her palm and a flying dagger appeared in her hand. In the next moment, she wielded the flying dagger with one hand and fiercely slashed forward.
Chi!
A saber light swept out like a scorching sun.
The world trembled!
The saber light drowned the mysterious woman and the others who were charging at the front.
But in the next moment, the mysterious woman broke through the saber light, charged at Mu Xiaodao, and punched.
Mu Xiaodao's expression was cold. She took a step forward and slashed down again.
Boom!
As the saber slashed down, the mysterious woman instantly retreated thousands of feet away.
She was still inferior to Mu Xiaodao in a head-on fight!
After retreating, Mu Xiaodao wanted to continue attacking. But at this moment, she suddenly turned her head and saw that Ye Xuan was charging at the Universal Enforcers!
Seeing this scene, Mu Xiaodao's face darkened!
The Universal Enforcers weren't a match for Ye Xuan at all!
If they were ganging up on Ye Xuan, then Ye Xuan wouldn't be able to do anything to them. But the problem was that there were people by Ye Xuan's side!
Not only were they not weaker than the Universal Enforcers, but they also outnumbered them. How could the Universal Enforcers stop them?
As soon as Ye Xuan rushed in, he started killing indiscriminately!
Because behind Ye Xuan, there were 19 assassins that were like shadows.
These 19 people were inseparable from Ye Xuan. With these 19 people following Ye Xuan, the Cosmic Order Enforcers simply couldn't get close to Ye Xuan.
Mu Xiaodao opened his palm and a flying knife suddenly flew out.
In the distance, the expression of Ye Xuan, who was fighting, suddenly changed. He was about to turn around, but at this time, the 19 people suddenly appeared in front of him. The 19 people simultaneously pulled out the daggers at their waists and slashed forward. 19 blade lights directly slashed at the flying dagger.
Boom!
The blade-light shattered and the 19 people were sent flying. However, in the process of being sent flying, the bodies of the 19 people suddenly became illusory. In the next moment, the 19 people silently appeared behind Ye Xuan.
He actually blocked it!
Seeing this scene, Ye Xuan was extremely shocked in his heart. The strength of these 19 people was even more terrifying than he had imagined!
Mu Xiaodao frowned as well. She hadn't expected that the 19 people would actually be able to block this attack of hers!
She was about to attack again when a flame suddenly charged in front of her.
It was the mysterious woman!
Mu Xiaodao looked at the mysterious woman, and the flying knife in her hand suddenly flew out.
Hiss!
A tearing sound suddenly resounded!
Bang!
The flame was directly slashed apart, and the powerful force blasted the mysterious woman flying again.
Mu Xiaodao didn't pay any attention to the mysterious woman, and she directly transformed into a blade light that slashed at the distant Ye Xuan!
Who did she want to kill the most?
It was Ye Xuan!
Since she, Mu Xiaodao, was born, this was the first time she wanted to kill someone so much!
When he noticed Mu Xiaodao charging over, Ye Xuan immediately turned around. He held the sword in his right hand as he took a step forward, and then he slashed with his sword. This sword slashed directly at the blade light.
Rumble!
An expanse of sword light shattered, and Ye Xuan was directly blasted away!
Mu Xiaodao was about to follow up with another attack when the 19 people suddenly appeared in front of her. Mu Xiaodao's eyes flashed with malevolence. "Scram!"
With that, she fiercely swung the flying knife in her hand.
Hiss!
An expanse of blade light swept out!
And at this moment, the 19 people suddenly became illusory. At this moment, the 19 people directly fused together, forming an illusory figure!
This illusory figure suddenly drew his knife and slashed. "Slash!"
It looked like one slash, but in reality, it was 19 slashes!
As the blade light descended, the surrounding space was directly annihilated!
Rumble!
With this slash, the blade light in front of Mu Xiaodao was directly slashed apart. At the same time, Mu Xiaodao was directly blasted hundreds of meters away!
After stopping, Mu Xiaodao was somewhat in disbelief. She looked into the distance. At this moment, the illusory figure had already returned behind Ye Xuan. However, at this moment, there were 19 people again!
Mu Xiaodao looked at the 19 people with a rare trace of seriousness in her eyes.
The Undying Imperial Clan actually had experts of this level. Moreover, these people were clearly not the top experts of the Undying Imperial Clan!
This clan had some tricks up their sleeves!
At this moment, Mu Xiaodao suddenly turned around. At this moment, the group of Cosmic Keepers of Order had all been killed!
Although over 100 Cosmic Keepers of Order were powerful, compared to the Undying Clan, their numbers were far too few!
They were not a match for them at all!
At this moment, more and more experts surrounded Mu Xiaodao. Obviously, they wanted to kill Mu Xiaodao!
Mu Xiaodao's expression was calm. She opened her palm, and a flying knife appeared in her hand. She looked at the distant Ye Xuan and smiled, "Want to gang up on me?
Dream on!
My people are here! "
As soon as she finished speaking, countless bolts of lightning suddenly appeared in the sky. At the same time, a terrifying pressure crushed down from the starry sky.
Seeing this scene, Ye Xuan slightly narrowed his eyes. At this moment, Higashi Yasuharu suddenly called out from afar, "Get into formation!"
As soon as he finished speaking, the experts of the Undying Imperial Clan retreated. The 30,000 Dao soldiers were in front, the 3,600 Feather Gods were behind, the 1,000 Undying Blood Cavalry were on the side, and the 19 mysterious experts were closely following behind Ye Xuan!
At this moment, the cry of a sword suddenly rang out in the distance. Ye Xuan looked up and saw a bloody head falling to the ground.
It was the head of the Universe Enforcer Commander Mu Xiu!
And the person who killed him was Mu Niannian!
At this moment, Mu Niannian stood in the starry sky with a longsword in her hand, like a god of war!
Nian Nian!
The fourth sword in the human world!
Actually, if she were in the Fifth Dimension, she would be even stronger!
This was because she was the Tendo of the Fifth Dimension. In that place, she could rely on the entire Fifth Dimension. However, she basically didn't need any external help!
At this moment, another cry of a sword rang out. Everyone turned to look and saw a head slowly falling from the distant horizon.
It was the white-robed man who had fought with Tu!
The white-robed man's eyes were still wide open as his head fell to the ground. He had never expected that he would be killed just like that!
In the sky, Tu turned to look at the distant Mu Xiaodao. The sword in her hand was trembling.
Mu Niannian was also looking at Mu Xiaodao!
Both women's eyes were filled with killing intent!
At this moment, the space in the sky suddenly split open. A moment later, a middle-aged man walked out. He wore a purple robe and held an ancient scroll in his hand.
The moment the middle-aged man walked out, the divine lightning in the starry sky suddenly quieted down and formed a huge lightning net that covered the entire starry sky!
Divine Word Master!
At the same time, another man walked out. This man wore a black robe and an iron mask!
The Dark Hall's Hall Master!
Along with the appearance of the Dark Hall's Hall Master, many afterimages suddenly appeared in the starry sky. Soon, these afterimages solidified. They were all mysterious black-clothed people, and there were hundreds of them!
Each of these people held a blood red sickle in their hands!
Hundreds of people exuded a sinister aura, giving people an extremely uncomfortable feeling!
The Divine Oracle's gaze fell on the bodies of the keepers of order. After a moment of silence, he suddenly took a step forward. He flipped open the ancient book in his hand and began to chant. Gradually, countless bolts of lightning began to wriggle in the starry sky!
As they gazed at the bolts of lightning, the expressions of everyone here had become solemn!
Ye Xuan's expression was also extremely solemn. The power of these thunderbolts was only second to the Blood Lightning that Little Er had created previously, but at this moment, there were so many thunderbolts!
Down below, Higashi Yasushi suddenly said, "Immortal Blood Formation!"
As soon as he finished speaking, countless strands of blood energy surged out from the spatial passageway, and then an enormous blood formation appeared above them!
In the sky, the Divine Word Master suddenly said, "Descend!"
Boom!
Countless bolts of lightning rained down!
In an instant, it was as if doomsday had arrived!
Boom boom boom boom!
Thunderous booms resounded above everyone's heads as the blood formation grew dimmer and dimmer under the bombardment of the divine lightning!
He couldn't block it!
Right at this moment, Higashi Yasushi suddenly shot into the sky and headed straight for the Divine Pronoun!
The Divine Pronoun glanced at Higashi Yasushi, "Imprison!"
Bang!
Higashi Yasushi seemed as if he'd been frozen on the spot, and then a strange scene appeared!
The space around Higashi Yasushi actually started to shrink layer by layer. No, it wasn't just the space here, countless other spaces were appearing incessantly around Higashi Yasushi!
Meanwhile, the mysterious woman by Ye Xuan's side spoke softly, "The space of a myriad of worlds!
He's using the space of a myriad of worlds to imprison the patriarch! "
As she spoke, she glanced at the Divine Pronoun, and there was a trace of a solemn expression in her eyes, "What terrifying attainments in the Dao of Space."
Ye Xuan was about to attack, but the mysterious woman stopped him, "There's no need!
Don't underestimate her! "
She'd just finished speaking when the space around Higashi Yasushi was suddenly obliterated inch by inch, and it didn't take long for the space of a myriad of worlds to shatter!
A ferocious expression flashed through Higashi Yasushi's eyes as she charged at the Divine Pronoun again. The Divine Pronoun's expression was calm as he spoke softly, "Slash!"
Hiss! Hiss!
In an instant, countless strands of sword energy suddenly appeared around Higashi Yasushi!
Ye Xuan's expression changed at the sight of this!
All of these strands of sword energy were actually ordinary swords!
Higashi Yasushi's expression changed as well. She immediately stopped moving, raised her arms horizontally, and then blocked the attacks in front of her, "Break!"
Bang!
An expanse of sword energy erupted in front of her, and then Higashi Yasushi was blasted back to where she stood just moments ago. Moreover, her arms were covered in injuries, but they were repairing themselves!
There was a trace of seriousness in Higashi Yasushi's eyes as she gazed at the Divine Pronoun!
Meanwhile, the blood formation in the sky suddenly shattered.
Countless bolts of lightning descended in a straight line!
Mu Niannian gazed at Tu, and then both of them exchanged glances. A moment later, two rays of sword energy shot into the sky, and then countless strands of sword energy covered the entire starry sky!
It was a head-on slash!
The Divine Pronoun frowned slightly when he saw that they were actually able to resist his technique head-on, and then he suddenly said after a short moment of silence, "Open!"
Bang!
An expanse of space behind him suddenly split open, and then a strand of mysterious energy surged into that expanse of space. It didn't take long for numerous powerful auras to emerge from the depths of that expanse of space.
Many!
He had forcefully opened up the cosmic barrier and established a transmission array. Clearly, countless experts were coming over through his transmission array!
Down below, Nan Xing suddenly appeared beside Higashi Yasushi. Nan Xing's expression was extremely unsightly, "Patriarch, there's a large number of mysterious experts rushing towards our world … These mysterious experts' identities and strength are unknown … because our spies have all been killed!"
Higashi Yasushi stared fixedly at that expanse of space. A moment later, she roared angrily, "Prepare for battle!"
"Fight!"
All around, countless experts from the Undying Emperor Clan roared angrily in unison.
At this moment, powerful auras were rushing over from the spatial passageway leading to the Nine-Dimensional Universe!
These were experts from the Undying Emperor Clan who had come to reinforce them!
It was clear that Higashi Yasushi had already called for reinforcements from the very beginning!
At this moment, the Divine Pronoun suddenly pointed at the spatial passageway leading to the Nine-Dimensional Universe, Dao Yi. "Seal!"
Bang!
A powerful force directly sealed the spatial passageway!
Higashi Yasushi's expression changed drastically when she saw this. She turned around and threw a punch.
Bang!
The spatial black hole did not budge at all!
That was because there was an endless stream of spatial energy sealing that spatial passage!
The Undying Imperial Clan's reinforcements would not be able to arrive!
....
!!








Chapter 1561
Higashi Yasushi's expression turned cold when he saw that the reinforcements had been sealed!
At this time, several experts suddenly appeared behind the Divine Word Master. These experts were all clad in black armor, wielding long spears and wearing black helmets.
There were a lot of people, no less than 60,000!
Their leader was a middle-aged man with disheveled hair. The middle-aged man had a ferocious look on his face, and he held a chipped broadsword in his hand. One look was enough to tell that he was not a kind person.
With the appearance of these 60,000 people, the scale of the battle tilted towards the Cosmos God Court!
Because now, the Cosmos God Court had more people!
The middle-aged man holding the large blade looked down at the people from the Undying Emperor Clan and grinned. "This is the number one clan in the ten thousand worlds, the Undying Emperor Clan?"
In the distance, the Divine Word Master glanced at the man. "Fierce Blade, do not underestimate the enemy!"
The man named Hong Dao laughed and said, "Understood!"
As he spoke, he licked the corner of his mouth, his eyes filled with ferocity.
At this time, Nan Xing's voice sounded in Dongli Jing's mind, "This man is called Han Dao, a Divine General of the Great Xing Dynasty in the Heaven Domain. He is in charge of one hundred thousand elites of the Great Xing Dynasty. His soldiers are also known as the Fierce Soldiers. Each of them is fierce and brave!"
Heaven Domain!
Fujiwara slowly closed his eyes.
It was a Star Domain that was relatively unfamiliar to the Undying Imperial Clan. If the Undying Imperial Clan wanted to go to the Heaven Realm, even if it was an expert of her level, it would take at least a hundred years!
It was too far away!
But this time, the Divine Word Master actually used such a short period of time to teleport these powerhouses over!
This was not a normal kind of horror!
Higashi Yasushi shot a glance at the Divine Pronoun Master, her eyes growing more solemn.
The current situation was extremely unfavorable for the Undead Emperor Clan, because the experts of the Undead Emperor Clan were temporarily unable to provide support!
At this moment, the Divine Word Master suddenly looked towards the distant starry sky. Mu Niannian and Tu were still blocking the divine lightning.
Under the joint efforts of the two women, the Divine Lightning slowly disappeared.
After a moment of silence, the Divine Pronoun looked down at Higashi Yasushi. "Kill!"
He did not ask for peace, nor did he say any nonsense!
The Undying Imperial Clan had massacred hundreds of Law Enforcers. There was no way to resolve this matter peacefully!
Even if the Undying Emperor Clan wanted to ask for peace, the Cosmos God Court would definitely not agree to it!
Both sides were already in a life-or-death situation!
Following the Divine Word Master's order, Jian Dao suddenly burst into laughter. "Wolf pups, charge for this father! Let these remote natives experience the might of my Great Xing Dynasty!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he charged downwards with his broadsword in hand.
Behind him, sixty thousand people dove in unison!
Meanwhile, the Divine Word Master suddenly closed his eyes and began to chant. A mysterious force gradually enveloped the 60,000 plus people, and their auras suddenly skyrocketed!
His strength had increased greatly!
Fujiwara's expression instantly sank when she witnessed this scene. Because she noticed that the strength of these 60,000 plus cultivators had increased by at least 40%!
Dongli Jing did not think too much about it. She looked to the Undying Imperial Clan's Dao soldiers in the distance. "Fight!"
The Dao soldier commander suddenly walked out. He pointed his spear at the sky. "Fight!"
"Fight!"
Tens of thousands of Dao soldiers roared in unison. In the next moment, tens of thousands of Dao soldiers soared into the sky and met the Great Xing Dynasty's experts head-on!
The moment they charged out, the Divine Feather Guards behind them suddenly attacked. Thousands of divine arrows pierced through the sky and into the crowd.
In an instant, some experts fell from the sky, but not many. The thousands of arrows only killed a few dozen people!
At this moment, the Undying Blood Cavalry suddenly charged out in unison. Their charge caused the sky to change color!
In the distance, Jian Dao suddenly turned to look at the cavalry and said fiercely, "Stop them!"
As soon as he finished speaking, thousands of people beside him charged towards the cavalry!
However, as soon as the two sides clashed, the Undying Blood Cavalry scattered the thousands of people. Hundreds of corpses fell from the sky.
Unstoppable!
How terrifying was the cavalry's charge?
Although there were only a thousand cavalry, when they charged, it was as if they could crush the sky and earth!
Seeing this, Jian Dao's expression turned ugly. He had underestimated the Undying Imperial Clan!
At this moment, he could not care less. He suddenly raised his saber and roared, "Kill!"
Boom!
A red light suddenly swept out from his body!
Killing intent!
Powerful killing intent swept out in all directions. Wherever the saber passed, it tore apart everything!
Soon, the two sides were engaged in a fierce battle in the starry sky.
Although the Undying Imperial Clan had fewer people, Jian Dao's side did not have the slightest advantage!
The two sides were evenly matched!
Below, Ye Xuan suddenly looked at the 19 people behind him. "Attack!"
The 19 people did not hesitate and disappeared on the spot.
However, the instant they disappeared, the Dark Hall's Master suddenly said, "Stop them!"
As soon as he said that, several blood-red rays of light suddenly appeared not far away.
Boom, boom, boom, boom …
The dozen or so people were directly blocked by a group of mysterious experts!
Dark Hall's assassins!
Both sides were assassins!
The two sides did not waste any words and immediately started fighting!
The Divine Word Master looked around and was silent for a moment. Then, he opened his palm and lightly waved it. A huge teleportation array appeared not far away to his right. Soon, the huge teleportation array began to tremble violently!
It was calling for help again!
Below, Dongli Jing turned to look at the spatial passageway that led to the Ninth Dimension. She had to forcefully open the spatial barrier so that the experts of the Ninth Dimension could come to her aid!
Higashi Yasushi acted as soon as he thought of this and was about to attack. However, the Divine Tongue Master suddenly said, "Stop her!"
The Dark Hall's Master suddenly disappeared and went straight for Dongli Jing!
Dongli Jing suddenly said, "Third Sister, stop her!"
Below, the mysterious woman directly charged towards the Dark Hall's Master.
The Divine Word Master looked at the leisurely Mu Xiaodao and said, "Stop her!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he felt slightly regretful!
Because his tone was wrong!
As expected, Mu Xiaodao looked coldly at the Divine Word Master and said, "Are you ordering me around?"
In the Cosmos God Court, the Guardians of the Universe only listened to the laws of the Universe.
Of course, this was not the main point. The main point was that this was Mu Xiaodao!
This indescribably stupid woman!
The Divine Word Master immediately bowed and said, "Miss Mu, I was disrespectful just now. Please forgive me!"
Mu Xiaodao grunted coldly, and then she turned to look at Ye Xuan and said, "I'm going to hit him!"
She had no other thoughts right now, and all she wanted was to beat Ye Xuan to death!
The Divine Word Master hesitated for a moment and said, "Miss Mu, please consider the bigger picture!"
Mu Xiaodao spoke furiously, "Big my ass!
I'm going to beat that bitch to death! "
As soon as she finished speaking, she charged towards Ye Xuan.
The reason she hadn't attacked earlier was actually because she was waiting.
She was waiting for someone to tie down the other experts. But now, all the experts here who had the ability to stop her had been tied down.
Ye Xuan was all alone!
Ye Xuan's face sank when he saw Mu Xiaodao charge towards him. Dammit! She's targeting me!
He didn't attack, and he withdrew a box instead.
Mu Xiaodao's expression changed when she saw this, and she immediately stopped.
Mu Xiaodao gazed at Ye Xuan and said, "What's that?"
She was extremely fearful of Ye Xuan's trump cards!
The sword qi from before, the Sword Dao Will from before ….
She realized that this bitch had more than just a few trump cards!
Ye Xuan gazed at Mu Xiaodao and said, "Take a guess!"
Mu Xiaodao spoke coldly, "Are you trying to scare me?"
Ye Xuan chuckled and said, "Then come over here!"
Mu Xiaodao thought for a moment, and then she gazed at the nearby Divine Word Master. The Divine Word Master said in a low voice, "Miss Mu, stop the Undying Imperial Clan's Patriarch first!"
At this moment, cracks had appeared on the spatial passageway that led to the Ninth Dimension from Dongli Jing's ferocious attacks!
Mu Xiaodao frowned slightly and said, "Why don't you stop him yourself!"
The corners of the Divine Word Master's mouth twitched. "Miss Mu, I have to maintain this teleportation formation, control the divine lightning to keep those two Swordsmen busy, and I have to constantly strengthen the sealed spatial passageway …."
az
Actually, he was very angry in his heart.
Dammit! Was this Mu Xiaodao sent by them?
He didn't dare to scold her or fight her.
Why did the laws of the universe send this idiot to capture the people of Misfortune?
Wasn't she sent to cause trouble?
No!
As if thinking of something, the Divine Word Master's expression suddenly changed. He looked at Mu Xiaodao and said, "Miss Mu … you didn't come here by yourself, did you?"
Mu Xiaodao blinked innocently and said, "What do you mean by myself?"
Seeing this, the Divine Word Master's expression sank.
This woman wasn't sent by the laws of the universe. She definitely came here by herself!
Thinking of this, the Divine Word Master's expression sank even more.
Without the restrictions of the laws of the universe, this woman could ascend to the heavens!
Thinking of this, the Divine Word Master opened his palm and was about to recite an incantation to report this matter to the Cosmos God Court. At this moment, Mu Xiaodao suddenly said, "If you dare speak nonsense, I will hack you to death!"
Saying this, she opened her palm and a flying knife appeared in it.
The Divine Word Master's expression froze. At this moment, his heart was crumbling!
How could there be such a strange woman?
Was this woman really not from the other side?
Right at this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly transformed into a ray of sword light and charged towards the experts of the Great Xing Dynasty!
Instant Kill!
The sword light lit up and a head flew into the air!
Ye Xuan was about to attack again when a flying knife suddenly slashed towards him!
Ye Xuan's expression changed and he swiftly turned around and slashed down with his sword!
Four Domains!
Boom!
Ye Xuan was sent flying.
After sending Ye Xuan flying with a single strike, Mu Xiaodao was about to attack again. Right at this moment, the Cosmos Barrier seal in the distance suddenly shattered. In the next moment, a furious roar suddenly sounded out from the Spatial Teleportation Channel. "Who dares to bully the young master of my Undying Imperial Clan!
Who dares!? "
"Who dares!?"
Countless experts roared in unison from within the spatial passageway. Following that, countless experts charged out of the spatial passageway …
Countless powerful auras caused the starry sky to tremble!
At the same time, the space around the starry sky suddenly trembled. In the next moment, space split open and 10 old men walked out!
Elders of the Ten Realms!
The Grand Elder who led the group roared, "Who dares to bully the Young Master of the Undying Imperial Clan!?"
Rumble!
Behind the 10 elders, countless experts charged out like a tsunami, causing the starry sky to tremble!
"Who dares to bully the Young Master of the Undying Imperial Clan!?"
For a time, countless furious roars resounded incessantly from the surroundings. At the same time, a dense mass of experts appeared in the starry sky. All of them had rushed over from the Ten Realms. In just a few breaths of time, there were hundreds of thousands of people in the starry sky …
[
fo]...








Chapter 1562
In the blink of an eye, the situation had turned around.
As soon as the Undying Emperor Clan's experts appeared, they charged towards the experts of the Dhanxing Dynasty!
In an instant, the experts of the Dhanxing Dynasty were slaughtered!
Seeing this, Han Dao's face fell, and he turned to look at the Divine Word Master, his eyes bulging out, "Divine Word Master!!"
The Divine Word Master's expression was extremely gloomy.
Suddenly, Dongli Yasuo pointed at the Divine Word Master, "Stop him!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she charged towards the Divine Word Master!
The Divine Word Master's expression changed drastically, and he hurriedly said, "Miss Mu, stop …"
As he spoke up to this point, he suddenly turned his head, but Mu Xiaodao had already vanished!
She fled!
The Divine Word Master's mind went blank!
Fuck!
That woman actually ran?
Is that how she betrayed her teammates?
The Divine Word Master didn't have time to think about it, and he suddenly pressed forward, "Greater Teleportation!"
As soon as he finished speaking, a huge circle of light appeared beneath the feet of all the experts of the Cosmos God Court, and then all of them vanished!
All of them!
Including the remaining experts of the Dhanxing Dynasty!
All of them were teleported away!
Dongli Yasuo's face fell when she saw this.
She hadn't expected the Divine Word Master to be so terrifying to the point of teleporting all the experts of the Cosmos God Court away!
That's a bit heaven defying!
The experts of the Undying Emperor Clan were stunned as well.
They're gone just like that?
Meanwhile, Dongli Yasuo suddenly said, "Return to the Undying World!"
She turned around and left once she finished speaking.
All the experts in the surroundings left as well.
The mysterious woman walked over to Ye Xuan, "Let's return to the Undying World first!"
Ye Xuan fell silent for a moment before he nodded, and then he followed the others into the Ninth Dimension!
The starry sky gradually returned to its calm state!
Right at this moment, a woman appeared soundlessly here.
She wore a tight linen robe with a rope tied around her waist, and it made her slender figure seem even more slender and graceful!
She wore a pair of linen shoes as well, and her toes were completely exposed. They were pure white like jade, and they were very beautiful.
The woman clasped her hands behind her back, her expression indifferent. Her gaze was fixed on the barrier leading to the Nine Dimensions.
After a long time, the woman suddenly turned her head. Not too far away, there was a woman playing with a saber!
It was Mu Xiaodao!
Mu Xiaodao looked at the woman and said with a smile, "Ma Yi, long time no see!"
Ma Yi!
One of the guardians of the universe's laws!
Linyi was expressionless. "The Divine Court has orders. Go back!"
Go back!
Mu Xiaodao blinked. "You want me to go back?"
Ma Yi glanced at Mu Xiaodao. "Yes!"
Mu Xiaodao chuckled, "Alright!
I'm going back now! "
With that, she turned and ran.
Ma Yi shook his head.
She knew that this woman would not go back.
At this moment, Mu Xiaodao turned back.
Mu Xiaodao looked at Linyi. "I saw Yi Xin!"
Ma Yi frowned slightly.
Mu Xiaodao said seriously, "The laws of the universe might be following her!"
As she spoke, she glanced at the surroundings and said, "Don't tell anyone that I told you!"
With that, she turned and ran.
In the blink of an eye, she disappeared into the horizon.
Ma Yi was silent for a long time. Then, she turned and took a step. With this step, she crossed dozens of star fields.
Somewhere in the starry sky, the Divine Word Master suddenly looked up. The moment he did, Ma Yi appeared in front of him.
The Divine Word Master nodded slightly. "Miss Ma Yi!"
Ma Yi opened her palm. A purple token suddenly floated out of her palm and landed in front of the Divine Word Master.
Seeing this purple token, the Divine Word Master's expression changed slightly.
Divine Token!
The owner of this token could mobilize all the experts of the Divine Court, excluding the guardians of the universe's laws.
The Divine Word Master bowed slightly. "Your orders, Miss!"
Ma Yi looked at the Divine Word Master. "Exterminate the Undying Emperor Clan!"
The Divine Word Master took the token. "Understood!"
Green City, Ye Clan, Ancestral Hall.
"Ancestors, Ye Xuan has no talent and no virtue … From this moment onwards, Ye Xuan's position as prince will be replaced by Ye Lang."
The one who spoke was an old man in black robes.
Not far behind the old man stood a youth. The youth had a faint smile on his face.
This person was Ye Lang.
Beside him were the elders of the Ye Residence.
"Why!"
At this moment, a timid voice rang out in the ancestral hall.
Everyone turned to look. There was a little girl standing at the entrance. She was about 12 or 13 years old. Her hands were tightly gripping the hem of her skirt. Her face was sickly pale. She looked a little weak, and there was even a hint of fear in her eyes.
This little girl was called Ye Ling. She was Ye Xuan's younger sister. When she heard that the clan was going to replace Ye Xuan, she disregarded her illness and rushed over.
The black-robed old man frowned. "Ye Ling, what are you doing!"
The little girl called Ye Ling bowed slightly towards the people in the ancestral hall. She said timidly, "Grand Elder, my brother Ye Xuan is the prince. Why did you cripple him for no reason?"
The Grand Elder looked coldly at Ye Ling. "This is a matter of the clan. Why are you interrupting?
Leave! "
Ye Ling was clearly a little fearful. She did not dare to look the Great Elder in the eye, but she did not leave. Instead, she mustered up her courage and walked into the ancestral hall. She bowed to the elders on both sides of the hall and said, "Elders, my brother is currently fighting with the Li family for the mining rights of the mine in Nanshan. He is now fighting for the family, and it is unknown whether he is alive or dead. However, the family has used a groundless excuse to remove his position as the Crown Prince. This is truly unfair.
"Impudent!"
The Grand Elder suddenly raged. "Whether he's crippled or not, it's not up to a little girl like you to decide.
Men, drag her away. "
At this time, the new Crown Prince, Ye Lang, suddenly laughed. "He should be flogged 30 times as a warning to others!"
The Grand Elder replied coldly, "Then flog him 30 times!"
Very quickly, two guards of the Ye Residence rushed in.
Ye Ling clenched her fists. She said angrily, "This is unfair. My brother has risked his life for the clan for so many years. Even now, he's fighting for the clan. The clan is unfair to him …"
One of the guards glanced at the new Crown Prince, Ye Lang. He knew that this was his chance to shine.
The guard sneered. "Young Master Ye Lang inherits the title of Crown Prince. What are you yelling about?" As he spoke, he raised his hand and slapped Ye Ling's face.
Slap!
The crisp sound of the slap was heard. The right side of Ye Ling's face instantly turned red and swollen. However, she did not cry. Instead, she covered her cheek tightly.
Ye Lang looked at the guard and smiled. "What's your name?"
The guard hurriedly bowed. "I'm Zhang Mu. Greetings, Crown Prince."
Ye Lang nodded. "You're not bad. After I become the Crown Prince, I'll need ten guards. You can be my guard from now on."
Hearing this, Zhang Mu was overjoyed. He hurriedly bowed deeply. "I'll go through fire and water for the Crown Prince. I'll do anything for you!"
Ye Lang nodded. "Drag him away. This person is causing a ruckus in the Ancestral Hall. Do not hold back. Understood?"
Zhang Mu glanced at Ye Lang. When he saw the killing intent in Ye Lang's eyes, he understood.
He immediately grabbed Ye Ling's hair and dragged her out.
At this time, Zhang Mu seemed to have seen something and stopped.
Within the Ancestral Hall, everyone turned their heads to look outside.
Not far from the Ancestral Hall, a young man was walking towards the Ancestral Hall. He was wearing a tight-fitting robe that was tattered and covered in blood.
This person was Ye Xuan, who had rushed back from Nanshan!
Seeing Ye Xuan, Ye Lang's lips curled into a cold smile.
Within the Ancestral Hall, all the Elders began to frown.
The Great Elder narrowed his eyes. His face was dark and gloomy. No one knew what he was thinking.
From afar, when Ye Xuan saw Zhang Mu dragging Ye Ling, his face turned savage. "Who gave you the guts to touch my sister?"
When Zhang Mu saw Ye Xuan, his face changed. He quickly looked at Ye Lang and was about to speak. At this time, Ye Xuan leaped in front of him like a ferocious tiger. Before the latter could react, Ye Xuan's fist landed on his face.
Peng!
Zhang Mu felt a wave of dizziness, and he stumbled and fell.
Ye Lang did not stop there. He charged towards Zhang Mu again. At this time, Ye Lang suddenly roared, "Ye Xuan, he's my man. How dare you …"
Ye Xuan suddenly stepped on Zhang Mu's chest.
Pu!
Zhang Mu spat out a mouthful of blood.
Seeing this, Ye Lang's face turned ugly. Ye Xuan lifted his head to look at him, asking savagely, "Your man?"
As he spoke, he stomped on Zhang Mu's face.
Zhang Mu's face turned into a bloody mess, as he screamed, "Prince, save, save me …"
Ye Xuan did not care about Zhang Mu, as he walked to Ye Ling's side. Seeing Ye Ling's state, Ye Xuan felt as though his heart was being cut by a knife. He clenched his fists, and his entire body trembled.
When Ye Ling saw Ye Xuan, her tears flowed, "Brother, it hurts, it hurts …"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan's expression turned savage. In the next instant, he charged in front of Zhang Mu and kicked Zhang Mu's head.
Peng!
Qingcheng, Ye Clan, Ancestral Hall.
"Ancestors, Ye Xuan has no talent, no virtue … From now on, Ye Xuan's position as Prince shall be replaced by Ye Lang."
The one who spoke was an old man in black robes.
Not far behind the old man, there was a youth with a faint smile on his face.
This person was Ye Lang.
On both sides, there were the Elders of the Ye Clan.
"Why!?"
Right at this moment, a slightly timid voice suddenly resounded within the ancestral hall.
Everyone turned to look and saw a little girl standing at the door. She was about 12 or 13 years old, and her hands were tightly gripping the hem of her skirt. Her face had a sickly pallor, and she looked a little weak. There was even a trace of fear in her eyes.
This girl was called Ye Ling, and she was Ye Xuan's younger sister. When she heard that Ye Xuan was to be replaced, she disregarded her illness and rushed over.
The black-robed old man frowned, "Ye Ling, what are you doing!?"
The little girl called Ye Ling bowed to everyone in the hall, as she asked timidly, "Great Elder, my brother, Ye Xuan, is the Prince. Why did you cripple him for no reason?"
The Great Elder looked at Ye Ling coldly, "This is a matter of the clan, what are you interrupting for?
Leave! "
Ye Ling was obviously afraid, not daring to look at the Great Elder, but she did not leave. Instead, she plucked up her courage and walked into the hall. Once again, she bowed to the Elders, "Dear Elders, my brother is fighting with the Li Clan over the mining rights at Nanshan. He is fighting for the clan, and it is unknown whether he is dead or alive. Yet, the clan is using a groundless excuse to strip him of his position. This is really unfair."
"Impudent!"
The Great Elder suddenly raged, "Whether he's stripped or not, it's not up to a little girl like you to decide.
Men, drag her away! "
At this time, the new Prince, Ye Lang, suddenly laughed, "He should be flogged 30 times, as a warning to others!"
The Great Elder replied coldly, "Then flog him 30 times!"
Very quickly, two Ye Clan guards rushed in.
Ye Ling clenched her fists, and said angrily, "This is unfair! My brother has risked his life for the clan for so many years, and even now, he is fighting for the clan. The clan is unfair to him …"
One of the guards glanced at the new Prince, Ye Lang. He knew that this was his chance to shine.
The guard sneered, "Young Master Ye Lang inherits the Prince's position. What are you yelling about?" As he spoke, he raised his hand and slapped Ye Ling's face.
Slap!
A crisp slap sounded, and the right side of Ye Ling's face instantly swelled up. However, she did not cry, and only held her cheek tightly.
Ye Lang looked at the guard, and smiled, "What's your name?"
The guard quickly bowed, "This subordinate, Zhang Mu, greets the Prince."
Ye Lang nodded, "You're not bad. After I become the Prince, I will need ten guards. From now on, you will be my guard."
Hearing this, Zhang Mu was overjoyed, and quickly bowed deeply, "This subordinate will go through fire and water for the Prince, and I will do anything for you!"
Ye Lang nodded, "Drag him away. This person is causing trouble in the ancestral hall. Do not hold back, understand?"
Zhang Mu glanced at Ye Lang, and when he saw the murderous intent in Ye Lang's eyes, he understood.
He immediately grabbed Ye Ling's hair and dragged her out.
At this moment, Zhang Mu suddenly stopped as if he had seen something.
Inside the ancestral hall, everyone turned their heads to look outside the hall.
Not far from the ancestral hall, a young man was walking towards the ancestral hall. The young man was wearing a tight-fitting robe, and the robe was tattered, and there was blood everywhere.
The young man was Ye Xuan, who had rushed back from Nanshan!
Seeing Ye Xuan, Ye Lang's mouth curled into a cold smile.
In the ancestral hall, the Elders frowned.
The Great Elder squinted his eyes, and his face was dark. No one knew what he was thinking.
From afar, when Ye Xuan saw Zhang Mu dragging Ye Ling, his face turned savage, "Who gave you the guts to touch my sister?"
When Zhang Mu saw Ye Xuan, his face changed. He quickly looked at Ye Lang, and was about to speak. At this time, Ye Xuan leaped in front of him like a ferocious tiger. Before the latter could react, Ye Xuan's fist landed on his face.
Bang!
Zhang Mu felt a wave of dizziness, and he stumbled and fell.
Ye Lang did not stop there, and charged towards Zhang Mu again. At this time, Ye Lang suddenly roared, "Ye Xuan, he's my man, how dare you …"
Ye Xuan suddenly stepped on Zhang Mu's chest.
Pu!
Zhang Mu spat out a mouthful of blood.
Seeing this, Ye Lang's face turned ugly, while Ye Xuan lifted his head to look at him, asking savagely, "Your man?"
As he spoke, he stomped on Zhang Mu's face.
Zhang Mu's face turned into a bloody mess, as he screamed, "Prince, save, save me …"
Ye Xuan did not care about Zhang Mu, as he walked to Ye Ling's side. Seeing Ye Ling's state, Ye Xuan felt as though his heart was being sliced by a knife. He clenched his fists, and his entire body trembled.
When Ye Ling saw Ye Xuan, her tears flowed, "Brother, it hurts, it hurts …"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan's expression turned savage. In the next instant, he charged in front of Zhang Mu, and kicked Zhang Mu's head.
Peng!








Chapter 1563
When the soul is gone, the face is red, and the infatuated girl waits for her lover in the wedding hall.
How can a pair of mandarin ducks not be matched? Heaven and earth chase after each other.
The woman just sat there quietly, her red makeup like fire.
In front of the door, Ye Xuan looked like he had lost his soul.
After a long time, Ye Xuan knelt in front of the door. He held his head with both hands and said with a trembling voice, "I'm sorry …"
Self-blame!
At this moment, Ye Xuan was blaming himself very much.
Those Immortal Emperor Soldiers, even Ye Xuan did not know who they were, but they were willing to die to protect him … And these Immortal Emperor Soldiers, they could be someone else's son, father, or husband …
What did he do to deserve so many people to die for him?
Ye Xuan felt like needles were stabbing his heart!
At this moment, Higashili Yasuo appeared next to Ye Xuan.
Looking at Ye Xuan who was kneeling in pain, Higashili Yasuo was half happy and half worried.
She was happy because Ye Xuan was loyal and righteous!
She had all the information about Ye Xuan and what Ye Xuan had experienced. She concluded that this was a young man who was loyal and righteous. In terms of character, there was nothing to complain about.
But she was worried because Ye Xuan was too loyal!
If a family head was too loyal, he might act on his emotions. This was not a good thing!
As a family head, he must not act on his emotions. He must consider the situation!
If he acted on his emotions, he might cause countless lives to be lost because of his personal feelings!
Fortunately, Ye Xuan was decisive and ruthless, especially when it came to dealing with his enemies. He never showed mercy. This was very good!
As a family, he must be ruthless!
After a while, Higashili Yasuo collected her thoughts and turned around. "Family Head Xiao!"
As soon as the voice fell, an old man appeared in front of the door. The old man quickly bowed to Dongli Jin and Ye Xuan respectfully. When he saw the woman in the room, the old man lowered his head slightly, and his body gradually trembled.
Higashi Yasushi looked at the woman in the room and said softly: "Although Li Qing has not married Miss Xiao, but …"
The old man hurriedly said, "Li Qing is my Xiao Clan's son-in-law. This subordinate will bury the two of them together. Since they are not fated in this life, let them reunite in the next life!"
Towards the end, the old man's voice trembled even more.
Dongli Jing nodded. "There's a super spirit vein on the southern mountain outside the city. It's more suitable for cultivation. Xiao Clan, move there!
Other than that, the Xiao Clan can send two people to the Undying Realm every ten years to train with the geniuses of our Undying Imperial Clan.
Whatever our Undying Imperial Clan's geniuses have, they also have!
As long as our Undying Imperial Clan exists, the Xiao Clan will forever exist! "
The elderly man kneeled down and said with a trembling voice, "Thank you, leader!"
He knew that this time, the fate of the Xiao clan had changed!
But this was at the cost of his daughter's life!
Thinking of this, the elderly man turned around and walked into the room. He gently held the woman's hand and wept. "Girl … so cruel … You can die for him … But, have you ever thought about your father!
Too cruel! "
Outside the room, Higashi Yasushi pulled Ye Xuan up and said softly, "Let's go!"
Then, she turned around and left with Ye Xuan.
Behind them, the leader of the Xiao Clan was crying like a child …
...
Higashi Yasushi brought Ye Xuan to walk on the streets of the city. On the streets, people bowed to them.
Obviously, they all knew Higashi Yasushi and Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan's eyes were lifeless as if he had lost his soul.
Higashi Yasushi said softly, "Do you know how many worlds our Undying Imperial Clan controls?"
Ye Xuan shook his head.
Higashi Yasushi said, "The Seven-Dimensional Universe, the Eight-Dimensional Universe, the Nine-Dimensional Universe, and the Ten Realms. There are countless other small worlds."
Saying this, she looked at the horizon and said softly, "Our every word and action can determine the life and death of countless people."
Ye Xuan stopped and looked at Higashi Yasushi, "I don't want people to die for me!"
Higashi Yasushi looked at Ye Xuan, "He didn't die for me. He died for the honor of his clan. Do you know how many people want to join the Undying Imperial Army?
Many, many people!
These people's life's dream is to join the Undying Imperial Army, including Li Qing. He joined the army when he was 12 years old. His life's dream is to join the Undying Imperial Army and become a member. "
Saying this, she looked around and said, "The Undying Imperial Clan's existence today was exchanged with the blood of countless ancestors and experts!
The clan's honor!
Every member of the Undying Imperial Clan will fight for the clan's honor. They will even die for the clan, including me!
I know that since I was young, I wasn't loved and trusted by the clan. I don't have any sense of honor for the clan. I can understand that, and I won't force it!
However, I want to tell you that as the young master of the Undying Imperial Clan, countless people will follow and fight for the clan. They believe, follow, and even die for the clan.
Their every word and action can determine the life and death of countless people! "
Ye Xuan was silent.
Actually, when he saw so many people risking their lives for him, he was deeply moved.
He was the young master of the Undying Imperial Clan!
This was the first time he had seen such a united clan. These people would really die for the Undying Imperial Clan!
Higashi Yasushi said, "There are two reasons why we came back and risked our lives for the clan. First, there is a chance to break through the shackles of the Undying Imperial Clan.
Second, and also the most important reason, is that we have the Undying Imperial Bloodline. The blood that flows in our bodies is the same as ours.
Of course, the clan's benefits are the most important. The reason why we value it so much is because there is a chance to change the Undying Imperial Bloodline.
The clan is too big. Emotions are a bit of a luxury in the clan! "
Ye Xuan said, "You are very frank!"
Higashi Yasushi smiled and said, "You are a smart person. Is there any use in playing tricks?
It's useless, isn't it? "
Ye Xuan was silent for a moment, then said, "Back then, the azure-robed man and the Undying Imperial Clan …"
Higashi Yasushi said softly, "I don't hate him!
Do you remember what I said just now?
As the clan leader, every word and action can determine the life and death of countless people!
At that time, the clan leader of the Undying Imperial Clan, who is also my father, made a decision that almost destroyed the Undying Imperial Clan because of his greed!
He wanted to devour our blood to break through the shackles of the Undying Imperial Bloodline … Second sister and third sister had a falling out with my father because of this. When the azure-robed man found out about this, he killed his way from the Sixth Dimension to the Undying Imperial Clan. That battle … "
She looked at Ye Xuan and said, "Do you want to see it?"
Ye Xuan looked at Higashi Yasushi and said, "Can you see it?"
Higashi Yasushi nodded and said, "Yes!
Because of that battle, I used a secret technique to preserve it! "
As she spoke, she looked at Ye Xuan. "You should try to understand that grudge!
Because he is the only person who can resolve the grudge between the Undying Imperial Clan and him! "
Ye Xuan said softly, "Do you hate him?"
Higashi Yasushi smiled and said, "As the clan leader of the Undying Imperial Clan, I hate him because countless clansmen died at his hands.
But I don't have the right to hate him, and I don't dare to hate him. As an aunt, I don't hate him, and I can even understand him. "
Ye Xuan said, "Being the clan leader must be very tiring, right?"
Higashi Yasushi smiled and said, "Very tiring!
Actually, the clan leader should have been my mother because she was more talented!
But because of that matter, not only did she fall out with my father, but she also hated the clan!
I just didn't expect that she would take the initiative to contact the clan for me. "
Ye Xuan did not say anything.
Higashi Yasushi said softly, "I also know a little about what happened between you and her!
Don't hate her, the reason why she targeted you is because she thought that her child died for you … She did so many things just to get justice for her child! "
Ye Xuan still did not say anything.
Higashi Yasushi smiled and said, "Let's not talk about these things!
Let's go and see that great battle! "
She placed her right hand on Ye Xuan's shoulder and the two of them disappeared!
On a certain mountain peak.
The Forbidden Mountain!
This was a forbidden area of the Undying Imperial Clan, and ordinary people could not come here!
Dongli Jing led Ye Xuan to a mountain wall. She opened her palm, and a mysterious force suddenly floated up from her palm. The force slowly floated up and then sank into the mountain wall. Soon, the mountain wall began to tremble. Not long after, a huge light screen suddenly appeared on the mountain wall, and a man appeared on the light screen. That man was dressed in a green robe.
A man in green clothes!
At this time, Xiao Ta suddenly floated out of Ye Xuan's body and jumped up and down. "Little Master, it's master!
Look!
It's master! "
Xiao Ta was very happy!
Ye Xuan smiled and looked at the screen of light. On the screen of light, the man in green clothes was tearing space.
That was the Six Dimensional Universe!
At this time, the man in green clothes had a cold expression, and his eyes were scarlet red. His body emitted a terrifying killing intent and evil qi!
Even through the screen of light, Ye Xuan felt his heart palpitate!
He had never seen such a terrifying killing intent and evil qi before!
In the screen of light, the man in green clothes suddenly stopped. Not far in front of him was an old man. The old man looked at the man in green clothes and shouted angrily, "Impudent! You dare to trespass into the Seven Dimensional Universe …"
Chi!
A ray of blood suddenly slashed the old man's throat, and his head flew off!
The man in green clothes directly entered the Seven Dimensional Universe. After entering the Seven Dimensional Universe, countless experts of the Seven Dimensional Universe rushed over.
The man in green clothes waved his sword.
Chi …
In the distant horizon, hundreds of thousands of heads flew into the sky and then fell down in an orderly manner.
Blood instantly dyed the entire horizon red!
At this time, the man in green clothes had already arrived in front of the barrier that led to the Eight Dimensional Universe.
Without any superfluous words, the man in green clothes waved his sword again.
Bang!
The Eight Dimensional Universe's barrier was like a piece of paper and directly turned into nothingness!
The man in green clothes raised his sword and entered the Eight Dimensional Universe. Without any superfluous words, he waved his sword again!
Chi!
Within a radius of tens of millions of miles, countless heads flew into the sky. Blood was like a fountain, and the entire horizon was directly dyed red. It was like a huge bloody cloth!
This sword had killed at least hundreds of thousands of super experts!
All of them were experts of the Undying Emperor Clan!
The man in green clothes took a step forward. With this step, he directly arrived in front of the Nine Dimensional Universe's barrier.
Without any superfluous words, the man in green clothes waved his sword again.
Bang!
The terrifying Nine Dimensional Universe's barrier directly turned into nothingness. It was as weak as a piece of paper!
The man in green clothes stepped into the Nine Dimensional Universe.
At this time, in the horizon above his head, a mysterious force suddenly appeared.
The Nine Dimensional Tendo!
This was because the man in green clothes's evil energy and killing intent were eroding the Nine Dimensional Universe's source!
Even the Undying Emperor Clan did not dare to easily destroy the Nine Dimensional Universe's source. But now, there was actually someone eroding the Nine Dimensional Universe's source. How could the Tendo tolerate this?
A powerful pressure constantly pressed down on the surroundings!
At this time, the man in green clothes raised his head and looked. "Scram!"
In the starry sky, a shadow quietly condensed. But the next moment, the shadow directly disappeared without a trace. The powerful pressure and aura in the horizon retreated like the tide, as if it had never appeared!
He confirmed that this was someone that he could not afford to offend!
The Tendo came quickly and disappeared just as quickly!
The man in green clothes took a step forward. With this step, he directly arrived in the Undying Realm!
Just as he arrived in the Undying Realm, an old man suddenly appeared in front of the man in green clothes. The old man looked at the man in green clothes, cupped his fists, and said in a deep voice: "Yang …"
Just as he said this word, the old man's head directly flew!
His soul was obliterated!
The man in green clothes held his sword in hand as he walked towards the distance. His eyes were scarlet red, and his expression was quite ferocious, "How dare you touch my sons!
Who gave you the Undying Emperor Clan the courage to do that? "
"How presumptuous!
How dare you run wild in my Undying Realm! "
Suddenly, a furious shout resounded from afar. In the next moment, an old man appeared in front of the man in green clothes. However, he'd only just arrived before the man in green clothes when a sword stabbed into the center of the man's forehead.
The old man's eyes opened wide, and they were filled with disbelief!
I actually didn't have the ability to fight back at all?
He was instantly killed by a single sword strike. No matter how terrifying the Undying Bloodline was, it was useless!
All the experts of the Undying Emperor Clan were shocked!
Who's that man?
That was the question in the minds of countless experts of the Undying Emperor Clan!
Suddenly, a white haired old man appeared here.
It was the Patriarch of the Undying Emperor Clan, Dong Li Ao!
Dong Li Ao gazed at Ye Xuan and was about to speak when the man in green clothes suddenly appeared in front of him. Dong Li Ao's expression changed drastically, and he swiftly smashed his fist forward!
A fist mark flashed out from his fist, and it was burning with raging flames.
The energy of the Undying Bloodline!
The man in green clothes stabbed his sword forward, and it pierced through the image of the fist. A moment later, his sword instantly arrived at the center of Dong Li Ao's forehead!
The surroundings fell deathly silent to the point a falling needle could be heard!
The formidable Patriarch of the Undying Emperor Clan lost just like that?
He didn't even have the ability to fight back?
Their eyes were filled with disbelief and terror!
Suddenly, a woman shouted, "Yang Ye!"
It was none other than the mysterious woman, Ye Xuan's mother!
She gazed at the man in green clothes and spoke with a trembling voice, "He's my father …."
The man in green clothes suddenly turned around and roared furiously, "When a man kills a woman, shut up!"
As he spoke, he suddenly slashed his sword down.
Hiss!
Dong Li Ao's body was instantly slashed into 2, and blood and internal organs sprayed all over the ground ….
....
PS: The poem at the beginning was written by a reader, and the reader's name is User 129446288.
I'm ashamed. Even though I like ancient poems as well, my poems aren't serious at all …. I'm ashamed!
This reader can add me and get a physical book because it's really well written.
However, I didn't read it in Vertical and Horizontal, so I don't know if you'll be able to find me!
That'll depend on the will of the heavens!
...
In the end, there's only a single chapter today.
Why?
Because I've noticed that I haven't even finished a single chapter …. I want to give it a try!
I admit that I drank a bit of beer just now, and it's getting to my head. I'm getting a little carried away …. However, I'm going to get carried away today!
Don't be a coward, just fight!
In any case, you don't know where I live!








Chapter 1564
At this moment, the entire Undying World was deathly silent!
The invincible Patriarch of the Undying World had been killed by the green clothed man just like that!
He'd been killed with a single strike!
Moreover, he hadn't even been able to say a single word before he'd died!
The Patriarch of the Undying Imperial Clan had died the most aggrieved death in history!
As for the mysterious woman, her mind had gone blank as well.
She hated her father as well, but it wasn't to the point where she wanted him dead ….
However, the green clothed man didn't stop there!
He turned around and looked towards the right. There were a few dozen elders of the Undying Imperial Clan there!
All of them were peak-stage experts!
However, as soon as the green clothed man swung his sword, the heads of those elders flew into the air!
All of them had been instantly killed!
They didn't even have the ability to fight back!
At this moment, the experts of the Undying Imperial Clan felt despair!
At this moment, they finally understood that numbers were meaningless before the green clothed man!
Suddenly, a voice resounded from the depths of the Undying World. "Ancestor Summon!"
"Ancestor Summon!"
As soon as these words were spoken, all the experts of the Undying Imperial Clan roared furiously in unison.
He was their last hope!
The ancestor of the Undying Imperial Clan!
The first person to possess the Undying Bloodline!
Everyone watched with anticipation as an old man appeared in the sky above the Undying World. The old man wore a black robe, and all the experts of the Undying Imperial Clan couldn't help but kneel down and kowtow to him!
Bloodline suppression!
It was a suppression that came from the depths of their bloodline. Even though they were blessed by nature by cultivating the Undying Bloodline, it had a fatal flaw, and it was that they would be suppressed by their ancestral bloodline!
The old man gazed at the green clothed man, and his gaze gradually became solemn.
Danger!
That was what he felt!
The old man was just about to speak when the green clothed man stabbed his sword forward.
The old man's pupils constricted, and he smashed his fist forward!
It was a very simple strike!
A very simple punch!
Hiss!
Under everyone's watchful eyes, a sword pierced through the old man's hand and pierced through his throat along his hand.
Instant kill!
It was an instant kill!
At this moment, all the experts of the Undying World felt despair!
Even their ancestor had been instantly killed. How the hell were they supposed to continue fighting?
At this moment, Dongli Jing's eyes were filled with bewilderment.
Was the Undying Imperial Clan going to disappear just like that?
At this moment, the green-clothed man turned to look at Dongli Jing. Dongli Jing's expression instantly changed, and she stared fixedly at the green-clothed man while clenching her fists tightly. There was no fear in her eyes!
There were no cowards in the Undying Emperor Clan!
Even if the entire clan were to die, they would never surrender!
Just as the green-robed man was about to make his move, the mysterious woman suddenly stood in front of Dongli Jing. She looked at the green-robed man with pleading eyes. "Let them go!
Can I? "
The green-robed man held the sword in his right hand, and his eyes were like a sea of blood. At this moment, a voice floated over from the side. "Forget it!"
Not far behind the azure-robed man stood a woman. She wore a long green dress and looked demure and elegant.
Hearing the woman's words, the green-clothed man's hostility and killing intent gradually disappeared. After a long time, he returned to normal!
The green-robed man turned around and held the woman's hand. He said softly, "Qingshi said forget it, so let's forget it!"
After saying that, he pulled the woman and walked towards the sky.
The woman glanced at the corpses on the ground and spoke softly, "Don't kill so much in the future!"
The green-clothed man hurriedly nodded. "Yes, yes!"
The woman said again, "Don't lose your temper so easily. They are all afraid of you!"
The green-clothed man nodded and said softly, "Alright, I will do my best not to lose my temper in the future!"
The woman glanced at the green-clothed man. "Are you sure?"
The green-clothed man said seriously, "I promise!"
The woman nodded slightly. She held the green-clothed man's hand, and soon, the two of them disappeared into the horizon.
...
In front of the cliff, the scene stopped as the green-clothed man and woman left.
Ye Xuan was silent. No one knew what he was thinking.
Dongli Jing said softly, "After that battle, our Undying Emperor Clan's vitality was greatly damaged. Fortunately, we don't have any natural enemies, so we were able to develop!"
As she spoke, she looked at Ye Xuan. "Now that you are the Young Master of the Undying Emperor Clan, you will deal with this grudge in the future!"
Ye Xuan smiled bitterly. Deal with it himself?
How was he going to deal with it himself?
It seemed like he couldn't defeat this man!
Should he call Qing 'er and big brother to beat the green-clothed man up?
That was a good idea!
At this time, Dongli Jing said again, "You have reached the Mortal Realm. If you want to improve, you can only go beyond the Mortal Realm …"
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "I want to improve my physical body!"
Dongli Jing said, "I almost forgot about that. Your physical body was really good before … Is there anything you need?"
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "I already have a cultivation technique, but I don't know if the Undying Emperor Clan has better ones!"
Dongli Jing said, "Dao Body?"
Ye Xuan was surprised. "Clan Leader, you know about Dao Body?"
Dongli Jing smiled slightly. "The owner of the Dao Scripture was a very amazing person. He had gone through the Seventh and Eighth Dimensions, and he went all the way up!
However, when he was about to enter the Ninth Dimension, I stopped him! "
Ye Xuan quickly asked, "He didn't go to the Ninth Dimension in the end?"
Dongli Jing said, "I invited him to the Ninth Dimension as a guest, but he refused!
The reason he entered the Ninth Dimension was because he was curious about it!
Later, it was said that he went to the faraway Demon Domain! "
Ye Xuan was a little curious. "Demon Domain?"
Dongli Jing nodded. "A very, very far place from here, even further than the Heaven Domain!
To reach the Demon Domain, even if I tear the Star Domain apart, I'm afraid it will take at least a million years. However, whether it is the Heaven Domain or the Demon Domain, to be safe, the Undying Emperor Clan has long sent people to investigate.
This Demon Domain … I can only say that it is not a simple place! "
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "What about the Heaven Domain Star Domain?"
Dongli Jing said softly, "The Heaven Domain Star Domain has hundreds of continents. There are many sects and dynasties there. The strongest dynasty is called the Great Xing Dynasty, which controls more than a hundred continents!
Apart from the Great Xing Dynasty, there is also a very strong sect called the God Sect, which also controls more than a hundred dynasties … "
Here, she paused and said, "This time, the Great Xing Dynasty was sent here by the Cosmos God Court. Obviously, the Heaven Domain is under the control of the Cosmos God Court!"
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Do we know much about the Cosmos God Court?"
Dongli Jing shook her head, "We know almost nothing about the Cosmos God Court. We only know that it is a very, very mysterious force!
We have not had any dealings with them before, but this time, we have come into contact with them … This Cosmos God Court is more mysterious and powerful than we thought! "
Ye Xuan closed his eyes slowly!
He was actually very worried about Xiao Er!
Xiao Er defied the Calamity Law for him, she should be in the Boundless God Prison now!
However, he did not know where the Boundless God Prison was!
Thinking of this, Ye Xuan said hurriedly, "Clan Leader, please help me find a place, the Boundless God Prison!"
Dongli Jing nodded, "I will send people to look for it immediately!"
Saying this, she looked at Ye Xuan, "You cultivate first, I will go settle some things. If you need anything, just tell Seven Star!
She will follow you now! "
Saying this, she disappeared on the spot, and Seven Star appeared in front of Ye Xuan!
Seven Star held the hilt of the saber at his waist in silence!
Ye Xuan looked at Seven Star, hesitated for a moment, and then asked, "How many members of the Immortal Imperial Army are left?"
Seven Star remained expressionless, "Only two. One is me, and the other is the Commander!"
She was only a Vice Commander!
Ye Xuan fell silent for a moment, and then he said, "I want to rebuild the Immortal Imperial Army!"
Seven Star looked at Ye Xuan, "The clan is already selecting people, but it won't be possible to rebuild it in a short period of time!"
Ye Xuan fell silent for a very long time, and then he said, "I will avenge those who died!"
Seven Star gazed at Ye Xuan for a short while, and then she said, "If you still apologize, then I will look down on you and resign from my position as Vice Commander!
Because what I need isn't an apology, nor do I need your guilt!
What I need is you to avenge those who died. "
She slowly knelt down on one knee as she spoke, "I, Seven Star, am willing to be loyal to the Young Master!"
Young Master!
The way she addressed him as Young Master represented that she'd truly submitted to Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan spoke softly, "Stand up!"
Seven Star stood up. Her eyes were filled with tears, but she was forcefully holding them back!
Over 100 members of the Immortal Imperial Army were her brothers!
Brothers who'd gone through life and death with her countless times!
However, all of them had died in battle against the Enforcers of the Cosmos Court!
Actually, she'd wanted to die in battle against the Darxing Dynasty as well, but the Divine Word Master had taken all of them away!
And the reason why she was still alive was because she wanted to take revenge!
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Their families …."
Seven Star said, "Everything has been arranged!"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Good!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he sat down cross-legged and opened his palm, and Xiao Ta appeared in it.
Ye Xuan said, "I want that little girl's blood!"
A white jade bottle suddenly landed in front of Ye Xuan!
Xiao Ta suddenly said, "Young Master, you mustn't devour Erya's blood like that. Her blood is extremely powerful. If you devour it by force, your body and soul won't be able to withstand it!"
Ye Xuan frowned, "Then what should I do?"
Xiao Ta said, "That's easy!
I still have the blood of other demonic beasts. You can use the blood of those low-level demonic beasts to cultivate first! "
Ye Xuan thought about it and nodded, "Alright!"
At this moment, over a dozen white jade bottles landed in front of Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan took a look. Those white jade bottles all contained blood essence, and the energy of this blood essence was very powerful.
Ye Xuan was a little shocked, "Xiao Ta, where did you get the blood of these demonic beasts?"
Xiao Ta chuckled, "They gave it to me as a show of filial respect!"
Ye Xuan frowned, "Filial respect?
Why? "
Xiao Ta said, "They are all raised by Little Bai in my tower. If they want to live a comfortable life here, how can they not please me?
Moreover, my relationship with Little Bai is very, very good. If they please me, there will be a lot of benefits! "
Ye Xuan was about to speak, but at this moment, he seemed to have thought of something and suddenly asked, "Xiao Ta, you said that little guy raised a group of demonic beasts in your tower?"
Xiao Ta said, "Yes!"
Ye Xuan asked, "Are they still in the tower?"
Xiao Ta said, "Yes!
But they are all sleeping!
Their sleep is cultivation! "
Ye Xuan suddenly slapped his thigh and said excitedly, "Sleep my a * s!
Ask them to wake up! "
Xiao Ta, "…"
...








Chapter 1565
Needless to say, Ye Xuan is a bit excited because he didn't expect that this Xiao Ta actually has so many demon beasts living in it!
How can the demon beasts that the white little guy raises be ordinary demon beasts?
They definitely aren't ordinary demon beasts!
And what does he lack the most right now?
It's humans!
Of course, demon beasts can do it too!
However, Xiao Ta is a bit hesitant.
Ye Xuan asks, "Is there a problem?"
Xiao Ta says, "These demon beasts don't have a good temper!"
Ye Xuan says seriously, "Are you kidding me? With you here, do you think they would dare to lose their temper?"
Hearing this, Xiao Ta is excited, "Young master is right!
With me here, whoever dares to not listen to orders, I will immediately chase them out! "
Ye Xuan hurriedly flatters, "Xiao Ta is invincible!"
Invincible!
After Xiao Ta hears this, it is as if it is injected with chicken blood. It suddenly trembles violently and then roars, "Stop sleeping!
All of you, wake up! "
Ye Xuan, "…"
At this time, a black pig suddenly appears not far away from Ye Xuan. The pig isn't big, it is just a piglet, but it is really fat, its belly is almost touching the ground.
Seeing this pig, Ye Xuan's expression stiffens!
At this time, Xiao Ta suddenly says, "Young master, this is a little pig!"
Ye Xuan falls into silence, his previous excitement has already been swept away.
At this time, the little pig opens its eyes, it hums, it seems a bit unhappy that Xiao Ta disturbed its sleep.
Xiao Ta floats in front of the little pig, "Little pig, show the young master your skills!"
The little pig glances at Ye Xuan in the distance, then it directly ignores him and continues to sleep on the ground!
Ye Xuan looks at Xiao Ta, Xiao Ta is furious, "Get up for me!"
Xiao Ta shuddered. He looked at Xiao Ta and said with dissatisfaction, "Xiao Ta, what are you doing?"
Xiao Ta slammed into the pig's head.
Boom!
The surrounding space trembled violently, but the little pig did not move at all.
Seeing this, Ye Xuan's eyes flashed with a trace of surprise.
Xiao Ta said angrily, "Little Pig, open your pig eyes and look. This is Little Master!"
Piglet looked at Ye Xuan in the distance. Very quickly, its pupils suddenly shrank. Obviously, it had discovered Ye Xuan's bloodline!
The piglet hesitated for a moment, then crawled in front of Ye Xuan and gently rubbed against Ye Xuan's feet.
Obviously, this was an acknowledgement of Ye Xuan's identity!
Its boss was Little White, but who was Little White's boss?
Boss' Boss was the green-robed man!
He did not dare to offend the green-robed man's son!
Ye Xuan lightly rubbed the piglet's head. "Show me a move or two?"
He was also very curious about this piglet's strength. Because from what he saw just now, this piglet was able to take on Xiao Ta's attack head-on. It was definitely not simple.
The piglet nudged Ye Xuan's feet. Suddenly, it turned around and leaped into the sky.
Boom!
This collision caused the entire sky to turn pitch-black!
Seeing this, Ye Xuan was dumbfounded.
Was this a motherf * cking pig?
Just now, the piglet's collision had really frightened him. Because he might not have been able to withstand that collision …
At this moment, Seven Star suddenly appeared beside Ye Xuan. She looked at the pitch-black sky, then looked at the piglet. "The commotion is too big!"
Ye Xuan looked around. As expected, there were already many Undying Emperor Clan experts around.
Ye Xuan said, "All of you, retreat!"
As soon as he finished speaking, the surrounding Undying Emperor Clan experts retreated.
Ye Xuan looked at the piglet. He was still extremely shocked. This piglet was really quite ferocious!
However, that white little fellow was even more amazing. She had actually raised a piglet to such an extent … If she was given a dragon to raise …
When he thought of this, Ye Xuan hurriedly looked at Xiao Ta. "Xiao Ta, there are also demonic beasts!"
Xiao Ta hesitated for a moment. Then he said, "Do you really want to see?"
Ye Xuan hurriedly nodded. "Of course!"
As soon as he finished speaking, a few demonic beasts suddenly appeared before him. However, when Ye Xuan saw these demonic beasts, his expression froze.
These are demonic beasts?
Ye Xuan even suspected that he was mistaken!
There was a large rooster in front of him. It looked extremely majestic. In terms of chickens, it could be said to be a fighting chicken among fighting chickens!
Of course, it was a chicken!
Other than the chicken, there was also a little puppy. It was extremely small. Its entire body was snow-white, and its ears were drooping … It had to be said that it was truly very cute!
Of course, it was a dog!
Beside the little puppy was a sheep. The sheep was also not very big. It was very small. It had two horns on its head. It was truly very cute!
Of course, it really was a sheep!
Beside the sheep was a monkey. Moreover, it was a monkey that had been dressed up. Because the monkey was wearing garish clothes. He did not recognize those clothes. He had only seen one person wear those clothes!
That little girl with horns on her head!
It was worth mentioning that the monkey was also looking at him. The monkey's eyes were filled with curiosity.
Looking at the group before him … Ye Xuan fell silent.
What kind of monsters did that white little fellow raise …
He knew that these fellows were all very powerful!
However, to bring this group of fellows out to fight … It was truly a bit unsightly!
Seven Star's expression was also rather strange!
This group of … She was also speechless.
At this moment, Xiao Ta suddenly said, "Young Lord, don't underestimate them. They grew up eating Little White's purple aura. Moreover, other than the purple aura, there are all kinds of natural treasures and elixirs. Most importantly, they have Erya's blood in their bodies. Erya has also fed them … They are really very cute. Oh, no, they are very fierce!"
At this moment, Seven Star suddenly said, "Let me try?"
As she said that, she looked at the group of demonic beasts in the distance. "Which one of you will do it!?"
The chicken ignored Seven Star and continued to peck at the rice. However, it had a look of disdain. It looked at Xiao Ta. Obviously, it wanted to return to the tower!
Xiao Ta said angrily, "All of you better perform well. Don't embarrass me!"
At this moment, the monkey suddenly walked in front of Seven Star. It opened its right hand and a pitch-black iron rod appeared in its hand. The next moment, it suddenly swept out with the rod!
Boom!
Seven Star drew his sword and slashed.
Boom!
A wave of saber light erupted, and Seven Star was directly blasted back by over 1km. The monkey was blasted back as well. However, in the next moment, it suddenly leaped up and suddenly smashed its rod down at Seven Star!
Seven Star's expression was calm as she slashed up diagonally.
Head-On!
Bang!
The rod smashed down, and Seven Star retreated explosively again!
On the other hand, the monkey suddenly vanished on the spot. In the next moment, numerous afterimages appeared around Seven Star, and the sound of space being torn apart resounded incessantly!
As he watched the battle between Seven Star and the monkey, Ye Xuan's expression became solemn!
He noticed that the monkey's combat instinct was extremely terrifying!
It wasn't inferior to Seven Star who had experienced countless battles!
Meanwhile, Xiao Ta suddenly said, "Young Lord, this monkey is fierce, right?"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Very!"
Xiao Ta smiled and said, "This monkey is frequently trained by Erya. No, it should be said that it is frequently beaten by Erya!
Besides Xiaoniu, its fighting ability is the most ferocious! "
"Xiaoniu!"
Ye Xuan glanced at the surroundings, and then he said, "There's no Xiaoniu!"
Xiao Ta said, "Xiaoniu and Big Brother Qiong Qi are in closed door cultivation to break through, and they're unable to come out for now!"
Ye Xuan hurriedly asked, "Xiaoniu and Qiong Qi?
Are they even more formidable? "
Xiao Ta smiled and said, "Of course!
Especially Big Brother Qiong Qi. He's extremely good at fighting!
Xiaoniu is formidable as well, and there's also Little Wolf. They were by Big Sister Erya's side all those years ago, and they're extremely ferocious!
Especially when they have Big Sister Erya's blood within them. Besides Big Sister Erya, no other demon beast's bloodline can suppress them! "
Ye Xuan was just about to speak when the monkey and Seven Star stopped!
Seven Star glanced at the monkey, and then he said, "They're very strong!"
The monkey's strongest point wasn't its combat instinct, but its physical body!
It was too hard!
Even a few of her strikes earlier weren't able to break through its defenses!
The monkey returned to Ye Xuan's side with his rod in hand, and then he bowed respectfully to Ye Xuan. "Young Master!
I'm Big Monkey. If Young Master has any instructions, then Big Monkey is willing to go through water and tread on fire! "
Ye Xuan was slightly stunned. This fellow really knows how to get things done!
Meanwhile, Xiao Ta suddenly said, "This fellow is extremely intelligent, and he's especially good at flattery. Little White and Erya really like him!"
Flattery!
Ye Xuan roared with laughter, and then he asked Big Monkey and the other demon beasts to return to the World Prison Pagoda!
This group of demon beasts were extremely strong, and they were of great help to him right now!
Ye Xuan sat down cross-legged. "Xiao Ta, give me the demon beast blood!"
Xiao Ta hurriedly said, "Alright!"
As he spoke, numerous white jade bottles appeared before Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan withdrew a white jade bottle and consumed it.
Bang!
Within Ye Xuan's body, a wave of pure energy swept out like flames!
Ye Xuan hurriedly circulated his Dao Body Mantra, and started to absorb the energy!
Cultivating Dao Body!
Because he had cultivated Dao Body before, it was too easy for him to cultivate now!
Soon, Ye Xuan's body started to change.
...
On a certain mountain peak, there were four women standing there!
Mu Niannian and Tu, Higashiki and the mysterious woman!
Higashiki looked at Mu Niannian and Tu, "Two ladies, we need your help!"
These two women were extremely strong. With them around, the Undying Emperor Clan would have a higher chance of winning against the Cosmos Court!
Mu Niannian nodded, "The two of us will stay here!"
Higashiki nodded, "Many thanks!"
The mysterious woman suddenly said, "Is there any movement from the Cosmos Court?"
Higashiki said solemnly, "There's a huge movement!
They're tens of starfields away from us, and we can't get close for now. However, we can sense that there are more and more experts there!
Obviously, the Cosmos Court doesn't intend to give up! "
Mu Niannian said, "They're calling for reinforcements!"
Higashiki nodded.
Tu asked, "Can we stop them?"
Higashiki shook his head, "It's very difficult!
That God Word Master's strength is too mysterious!
Moreover, there seems to be a mysterious expert by his side!
He should be a protector of the Laws of the Universe! "
Nian Nian looked at Tu, "We don't have enough people!"
Higashiki said, "I've already ordered all the experts of the Undying Emperor Clan to rush back to the Undying World!"
At this point, she hesitated for a moment, and then said, "Can you contact that green clothed man?"
Tu shook his head.
Higashiki said softly, "Looks like we'll have to fight a tough battle!"
With that, she turned and left.
Very soon, orders were sent out from the Undying Emperor Clan, and all the experts of the Undying Emperor Clan rushed back to the Undying World …
.....
PS:
Recharge the book coins and monthly tickets, and explode in advance tomorrow!
Also, don't call me Sister Bastard!
I'll get angry!








Chapter 1566
At this moment, countless experts had gathered in a certain part of the starry sky!
The person in the lead was the Divine Word Master!
With the Divine Order, he could mobilize all the experts in the Heaven Domain!
To the right of the Divine Word Master was the Dark Hall's Hall Master. A hundred and twenty people had gathered behind the Dark Hall's Hall Master.
All 120 of them wore black clothes, held blood red sickles, and emanated a ghastly aura.
On the left of the Divine Word Master was a group of Divine Word Masters in white robes, and there were a total of 68 of them!
Behind this group of Divine Preachers were more than a hundred Heavenly Preachers.
At this moment, these Divine Word Masters and Divine Word Masters were setting up teleportation arrays.
There were a few dozen teleportation arrays in the starry sky behind them, and experts were streaming out from them in an endless stream ….
Meanwhile, a middle-aged man in armor suddenly walked out from one of the teleportation arrays.
The nearby Han Dao's expression changed drastically when he saw the armored man. He immediately led the experts behind him over to the middle-aged man and knelt on one knee. "General Mu!"
Marshal Mu Tian!
The God of War of the Darxing Dynasty!
He controlled almost two-thirds of the Darxing Dynasty's army, and he was a god-like existence in the Darxing Dynasty's army!
Practically all the experts of the Darxing Dynasty knelt down one after another!
All the experts felt heartfelt respect for this God of War!
Because all those years ago, it was this God of War who'd appeared out of nowhere and stopped the Divine Sect's attack, protecting the Darxing Dynasty.
Mu Tian glanced at Han Dao. "Stand up!"
Han Dao hurriedly stood up, and then he respectfully moved to the side.
Mu Tian walked directly to the Divine Word Master, and the latter nodded slightly. "General Mu!
I never expected that you would come! "
General Mu had retired behind the scenes many years ago, and the Divine Word Master hadn't expected that General Mu would be able to come this time!
Mu Tian looked the Divine Word Master in the eye. "Divine Word Master, there's an ancient saying that a teacher must have a good reason. May I know why the Bloodshed God Palace has launched a large-scale attack on the Ninth Dimension?"
The Divine Word Master replied, "The Person of Adversity!"
Mu Tian turned around and looked in the direction of the Ninth Dimension, and he said softly, "Divine Word Master, can I speak freely?"
The Divine Word Master pondered for a moment, and then he waved his right hand lightly. A mysterious barrier appeared around him and Mu Tian!
Inside the enchantment was a world of its own. The people outside couldn't hear what they said at all!
Mu Tendo: "In the previous battle, the Universe Enforcers were almost completely wiped out, and my Da Xing dynasty also lost tens of thousands of soldiers."
The Divine Word Master said, "We have underestimated the Undying Imperial Clan!"
Mu Tian shook his head. "That's just one of the reasons. The other reason is that you don't understand the enemy.
I don't understand the Person of Disaster, and I don't understand the Undying Emperor Clan! "
The Divine Oracle nodded. "Marshal Mu is right!"
Mu Tian asked again, "What does Divine Oracle plan to do next?"
God Words Master said, "Attack the Nine Dimensions!
Exterminate the Undying Imperial Clan! "
Mu Tian shook his head. "No!"
The Divine Word Master hesitated for a moment before he said, "Commander Mu, feel free to speak your mind if you have any thoughts!"
He also knew that in terms of war, he was far inferior to Marshal Mu.
Mu Tian looked towards the direction of the Nine Dimensions, "Before coming, I sent people to investigate the Undying Imperial Clan and that youth, Ye Xuan.
I have two concerns. The first is the person behind Ye Xuan. According to the information, there are some mysterious powerhouses behind him. As for the origins of these mysterious powerhouses, I have no idea what they are.
As for the origins of these mysterious experts, we have no idea.
Secondly, this person is a Person of Disaster, yet he is still alive. There must be someone helping him block the power of the Misfortune Law. Someone who can block the power of the Misfortune Law is definitely not someone we can fight against.
If such a person appears, then no matter how many people we have, it will be meaningless! "
Clearly, he was worried that an extremely terrifying expert would appear. If such an expert appeared, then the army would be meaningless.
At this moment, the Divine Oracle suddenly said, "Commander Mu, don't worry. My Cosmos God Court will deal with the peak experts."
Mu Shuai glanced at the Divine Oracle and asked, "Are you sure?"
The Divine Oracle said, "As long as that green-robed man and that woman don't appear, my Cosmos God Court is confident in dealing with all experts!"
Mu Shuai asked, "What if those two appear?"
The Divine Oracle shook his head, "Those two have already been lured away by the universal laws. They can't appear here!"
Universal laws!
After a moment of silence, Mu Shuai said, "We can't attack the Nine Dimensions!"
The Divine Oracle looked at Mu Shuai, "Why?"
Mu Shuai said softly, "If we attack the Nine Dimensions, we will suffer heavy losses!
Because this is not our territory!
The Undying Imperial Clan has operated here for over a million years. Conservatively speaking, there are over a million defensive formations in the Nine Dimensions!
If we attack the Nine Dimensions, we will suffer heavy losses.
Therefore, we must lure them out and make them take the initiative to attack us! "
As he spoke, he looked around, "Divine Oracle, you can let the Divine Oracles set up the formations now!"
The Divine Oracle was confused, "Why does Commander Mu think that they will attack us?"
Mu Shuai said calmly, "The Undying Imperial Clan is fighting us because of that Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan's greatest weakness is that he values relationships. According to what I know, he cares a lot about the Five Dimensions!
Therefore, we don't need to attack the Nine Dimensions. As long as we reveal that we are going to attack the Five Dimensions, Ye Xuan will not be able to sit still. And if he can't sit still, the Undying Imperial Clan won't be able to sit still!
At that time, they will panic, and we will be able to take the initiative! "
The Divine Oracle was silent for a moment, then said softly, "Admirable!"
Mu Shuai said, "This time, I have brought two hundred thousand elites from the Great Hang Dynasty. They are all peak experts. Regardless of the outcome of this battle, the Great Hang Dynasty's strength will be damaged. That Divine Sect …"
The Divine Oracle suddenly said, "Divine Sect's experts have also arrived. Their Sect Master is personally leading them. They will arrive in an hour at most.
Moreover, after this battle, the Heaven Region will be peaceful for a hundred years. There will not be any battles within a hundred years. "
Mu Shuai asked, "How many experts have come from Divine Sect?"
The Divine Oracle said, "All the peak experts have arrived!"
Mu Shuai said in a low voice, "They want to take over these worlds after this battle."
The Divine Word Master nodded. As he spoke, he turned his head and looked towards a certain direction. A man suddenly walked out from the teleportation array. He wore golden armor and a golden helmet, and he held a sheathed long blade in his hand.
Seeing this man, Mu Shuai frowned, "Golden Imperial Guards!"
This Golden Imperial Guards was the Great Hang Dynasty's Emperor's personal army. They could be said to be the Great Hang Dynasty's most elite army. They only obeyed the Great Hang Dynasty's Emperor!
Mu Tian did not expect that the Great Hang Dynasty's Emperor would actually send his own personal army!
This was staking it all on one throw!
Clearly, this time, the Great Hang Dynasty had not only come to help the Cosmos God Court, but also to divide the Undying Imperial Clan's occupied worlds!
To divide the Undying Imperial Clan!
At this moment, the golden armored man walked in front of Mu Shuai and bowed deeply, "Golden Imperial Guards Commander Xiang Wu greets Mu Shuai!"
Even though he was the Emperor's personal army, he did not dare to disrespect the God of War.
Mu Shuai fell silent for a short while, "Does the Emperor have any other instructions?"
Xiang Wu spoke in a low voice, "He wants us to obey the Divine Oracle's orders and destroy the Undying Imperial Clan!"
At this moment, the Divine Oracle suddenly said, "From this moment onwards, you will listen to Mu Shuai's orders!"
Xiang Wu bowed slightly, "Yes!"
The Divine Oracle gazed at Mu Shuai, "Mu Shuai, from this moment onwards, you will be the commander of this place. We will listen to you on how we fight this battle!"
He knew that this was a huge battle, and such a battle required a capable commander. He wasn't skilled in such battles, but Mu Shuai was.
Mu Shuai fell silent for a short while, and then he looked towards the distance, "Divine Oracle, have your men set up the formation immediately."
The Divine Oracle waved his right hand, and the Divine Oracle Masters behind him left silently. It didn't take long for countless fluctuations of energy to appear in the starry sky.
Mu Shuai continued, "Xiang Wu, hide with the Golden Imperial Guards. Don't show yourself or attack without my orders!"
Xiang Wu cupped his fists, "Yes!"
Mu Shuai turned his head to look at the Dark Hall's Hall Master. "Sire, according to what I know, the Undying Imperial Clan possesses a group of extremely powerful assassins. Your targets are those assassins. If those assassins do not show themselves, then do not attack. However, if they do show themselves, you must stop them.
The Dark Hall's Master nodded slightly, "Understood!"
Mu Shuai gazed at the Divine Oracle, "I'll leave the top-rate experts of the Undying Imperial Clan to Divine Oracle and the others!"
The Divine Oracle nodded, "I understand!"
Mu Shuai turned to look at the surroundings, and it didn't take long for him to slowly close his eyes. Countless scenes had appeared in his mind.
At this moment, all sorts of unexpected situations and the direction of the battle were in his mind ….
A short while later, Mu Shuai suddenly started issuing orders, and it didn't take long for the experts in the surroundings to get into action.
Under Mu Shuai's command, the originally messy crowd became orderly.
Meanwhile, the spatial passageway behind the Divine Oracle Master suddenly trembled violently, and then countless powerful auras surged out from it!
The experts of the Divine Sect had arrived!
Mu Tian didn't look at the spatial passageway, and his gaze was fixed on the Nine-Dimensional Cosmos in the distance. His eyes were filled with worry.
This time, the Great Xing Dynasty had made a huge gamble!
If they won, it would mean that they could devour the entire Undying Imperial Clan. At that time, the Great Xing Dynasty would become even more powerful!
However, if they lost …
Mu Tian slowly closed his eyes.
The reason why he had come here was very simple: he wanted to bring these soldiers back.
He didn't want these soldiers to become tools, but the Great Xing Dynasty had no choice but to obey the orders of the Cosmos God Court.
The only thing he could do was to bring more people back …
...
Undying Imperial Clan.
Dongli Jing stood in a large hall, and in front of her were many spirit tablets.
These were the spirit tablets of the Undying Imperial Clan's ancestors.
At this moment, a voice suddenly rang out from within the hall, "Sacrificing countless clansmen for one person, is it worth it?"
Dongli Jing opened her eyes, "Sacrificing one person in exchange for the lives of countless people, it's definitely worth it!
However, I can't do it!
My Undying Imperial Clan can cut off our heads, and we can bleed, but we will never kneel to live! "
After saying this, she turned and left with a flick of her sleeves.
.....
fpzw








Chapter 1567
At the peak of the mountain, Ye Xuan sat cross-legged. At this moment, he was emitting an extremely powerful aura!
Fleshly body!
He had cultivated dao physique before, and now that he had all sorts of powerful demonic beast blood and Xiao Ta's purple aura, his cultivation was extremely smooth!
At this moment, his fleshly body had reached the dao realm!
Not only that, his body had once again become a sword physique!
A sword physique that was immune to swords!
His current Sword Body was not just a little stronger than before, because he was now an ordinary sword!
His sword physique was improving along with his sword dao realm!
The stronger his sword dao realm was, the stronger his sword physique was!
At this moment, Ye Xuan took out another vial of demonic beast blood and drank it.
Boom!
His body instantly felt like it was on fire!
Ye Xuan hurriedly started to absorb the energy of the demonic beast blood, then used dao scripture. Gradually, his body started to tremble.
...
While Ye Xuan was cultivating, countless Undying Emperor Clan experts rushed back to the Undying Realm. At the same time, the Undying Emperor Clan experts that were in seclusion all came out!
Within the Undying Palace, Dongli Jing sat at the top of the palace. On her left and right were the two Supreme Elders, Dongli Zuo and Dongli Xing.
Below them were the elders of the Ten Worlds. This time, it wasn't just the elders of the Ten Worlds, there were also some core elders of the Undying Emperor Clan!
Even the head of the intelligence network, Nan Xing, was present!
At this moment, everyone was looking at Nan Xing.
Nan Xing said solemnly, "Clan leader, elders, I have received news that the Heaven domain experts have come out in full force!
All the peak experts of the Divine Sect have arrived, and the Great Xing Dynasty's Great Xing Emperor has not only sent over two hundred thousand elite experts, he has even sent his personal Golden Armor Army.
Moreover, from what I know, both factions have a hidden army. This is their final trump card, the details are unknown!
For now, we do not know if they have arrived or not! "
Dongli Jing said softly, "It seems like their target is not only the young master of the Undying Emperor Clan, but also the entire Undying Emperor Clan!"
Within the palace, everyone's expression was grave.
This battle concerned the survival of the Undying Emperor Clan!
Dong Lizuo looked towards Nan Xing, "Where are the experts from the Cosmos God Court?"
Everyone looked towards the Southern Star. Compared to the Great Xing Empire and the God Sect, the Undying Emperor Clan was more concerned about the Cosmos God Court!
Nan Xing said solemnly, "What we know is that the experts from the Cosmos God Court and Dark Hall are here!
The people from the Dark Hall were all super assassins!
They have fought with our Shadow Guards before, and they are extremely powerful. Moreover, they have more people, more than a hundred and twenty of them. These people are like ghosts, and every one of them is at least a Peak God Realm expert. If we fight against them, we must be careful of them. Otherwise, our ordinary warriors won't be able to resist them! "
When he spoke up to here, he paused for a moment and said, "The ones we have to be the most careful of are the Masters of Words!
They have several dozen Holy Prophecy Masters and several hundred Heaven Prophecy Masters. These people are proficient in all kinds of magical techniques and are extremely terrifying. We must be extremely careful of them!
Also, Marshal Mu Tian of the Great Xing Dynasty had arrived. This person had commanded the army in the Great Xing Dynasty for hundreds of years and had never tasted defeat. He was known as the War God!
And now, all of their troops and experts are under his command! "
The expressions of everyone here turned gloomy when they heard this.
Obviously, the Cosmos God Court really intended to fight the Undying Imperial Clan to the death!
Such a battle could be said to be related to the survival of the entire Undying Imperial Clan!
Dong Li Xing suddenly said, "Do you have any information about the Laws of the Universe?"
Nan Xing shook his head, "We haven't been able to obtain any information about the Laws of the Universe. Moreover, we don't even know how many experts the Cosmos God Court has. Because our scouts are utterly unable to find out exactly where the Cosmos God Court is.
Not to mention us, even the Great Xing Dynasty of the Heaven Region doesn't know where the Cosmos God Court is! "
The expressions of everyone here grew even more solemn when they heard Nan Xing!
The Cosmos God Court was much more mysterious than they'd imagined!
Right at this moment, Dong Li Jing suddenly said, "Where's Dong Li Zhan?"
Dong Li Zhan!
He was the guardian of the Undying Imperial Clan, and he was the commander of all the troops.
Dong Li Zuo who stood by Dong Li Jing's side said, "He's gone to see the young master!"
To see the young master!
Dong Li Jing frowned when he heard this.
...
Forbidden Mountain.
On this day, a middle aged man arrived at the peak of Forbidden Mountain. The middle aged man wore a loose black robe, had long hair that hung loosely on his shoulders, and held a folding fan in his hand. He seemed extremely refined!
He was the guardian of the Undying Imperial Clan, Dong Li Zhan!
In terms of combat strength, he was superior to Dong Li Jing.
Actually, the guardians of the Undying Imperial Clan were extremely strong!
A white haired man stood on Dong Li Zhan's left. His face was pale as a sheet, and he had his hands behind his back. He was completely devoid of any aura, and there was an image that seemed like a drop of blood on his left chest!
On the other hand, there were two people standing on Dong Li Zhan's right. One of them wore a black robe and held a short saber in his right hand.
He was the commander of the Undying Imperial Army, Dong Li Ao!
On the other hand, there was a black clothed man standing on Dong Li Ao's right. The black clothed man wore a mask, so his appearance couldn't be seen clearly.
He was the commander of the Shadow Guard!
As for his name, only two people knew his name. One was Dong Li Zhan, and the other was Dong Li Jing!
It could be said that the Shadow Guards were the second most mysterious group of people in the Undead Imperial Clan!
Seven Star's expression changed when he saw Dongli Zhan and the others. He immediately walked over to Dongli Zhan and bowed deeply. "Greetings, Commander!"
Dongli Zhan's prestige in the Undying Imperial Clan was second only to Dongli Jing!
Dongli Zhan nodded slightly, "No need to be so polite!"
Seven Star retreated to the side.
Dongli Zhan looked at Ye Xuan in the distance, "Is he cultivating?"
Big Dipper nodded. "Cultivate the body!"
Dongli Zhan looked at Ye Xuan. After a moment, he said softly, "Ao, what do you think?"
Dong Li Ao asked, "What aspect?"
Dongli Zhan smiled and said, "All aspects!"
Dong Li Ao pondered for a moment, then said, "His talent is extraordinary. He entered the Mortal Realm at such a young age, and his Way of the Sword has also entered the Mortal Realm. Most importantly, he has two top-notch bloodlines in his body … there is indeed no one in our Undying Imperial Clan's younger generation who can compare to him!"
Dongli Zhan asked, "What if we remove the two bloodlines?"
Dong Li Ao shook his head, "No one in the younger generation can compare to him!
He is not like those demonic geniuses who are raised in captivity and have no guts!
He has killed his way up step by step. His ruthlessness does not lose to the peak demonic geniuses of our Undying Imperial Clan at all!
His killing intent is the best proof! "
Dongli Zhan was silent for a moment, then asked, "What about his character?"
Dong Li Ao smiled and said, "This person is too loyal!
In Qingcheng, for his sister, he did not hesitate to give up his life!
In the Fifth Dimension, to save the people there, he almost fought to his death … "
When he spoke up to here, he paused for a moment before he continued. "He's ruthless, but he has his own bottom line and principles. He won't stop at nothing to achieve his goals. He values relationships, but he doesn't pretend to be righteous. He's especially ruthless when facing his enemies!
In short, there is no one more suitable than him to be our Undying Imperial Clan's young master!
At least in the younger generation, no one can compare to him!
And with his talent, it will not be long before he surpasses the older generation! "
Dongli Zhan looked at Dong Li Ao and smiled, "You value him a lot!"
Dong Li Ao nodded, "This is a person who will treat you a hundred times better if you treat him well!
If our Undying Imperial Clan does not betray him, he will not betray our Undying Imperial Clan!
Moreover, he has already gradually acknowledged the Undying Imperial Clan and has a sense of belonging to us! "
Dongli Zhan nodded slightly and did not say anything else.
Dong Li Ao asked, "What are you worried about?"
Dongli Zhan said softly, "I am not worried about anything. I simply want to see him. After all, the future of the Undying Imperial Clan lies on him."
At this time, the Shadow Guard commander suddenly said, "He is that man's son!"
That man!
The few of them fell into silence.
That man almost destroyed the Undying Imperial Clan!
After a long silence, Dongli Zhan suddenly smiled and said, "But he is also my cousin's son. In his body, there is the blood of our Undying Imperial Clan!"
The Shadow Guard commander did not say anything.
Dongli Zhan looked at the Shadow Guard commander and said, "To be honest, the grievances of the older generation have nothing to do with him.
Moreover, what Second Uncle did back then was indeed not honorable! "
Dongli Ao also nodded and said, "Let the grievances of the past dissipate with the wind!"
The Shadow Guard said softly, "I know. It is just that I feel a little indignant. Towards him, I do not have any other thoughts!"
Dongli Ao smiled and said, "Let's not talk about the past!
Let's talk about the present!
From what I know, the Great Xing Dynasty's Undefeated God of War, Mu Tian, has already arrived … "
As he spoke, he looked at Dongli Zhan and said, "How do you plan to deal with them?"
Dongli Zhan took out a map. On the map, there were many starfields.
This was a map of the universe drawn by the Undying Imperial Clan!
Other than the distant Demon Domain and Heaven Domain, there were records of all the other worlds and starfields!
Dongli Zhan looked at it for a long time and said, "If I were Mu Tian, I would not lead an army to attack the Ninth Dimension. Because we are fighting on our own land. Moreover, there are countless formations. If they attack the Ninth Dimension, they will have to pay a heavy price!
So … "
He pointed at the map.
At a certain point on the map. "If I were Mu Tian, I would use the Fifth Dimension as bait to lure the Undying Imperial Clan out and let us take the initiative to attack them. This way, they will be able to take the initiative!
The side that takes the initiative to attack will be at a disadvantage! "
Dongli Ao said in a deep voice, "How do you plan to deal with them?"
Dongli Zhan shook his head and said, "This is an overt plot. We can only take the initiative to attack them unless we give up on the Fifth Dimension!
But that little guy will definitely not agree!
So … "
At this moment, a voice suddenly sounded from afar. "I have a plan!"
Dongli Zhan and the others looked into the distance. The person who spoke was Ye Xuan!
At this moment, Ye Xuan's fleshly body had reached the Consolidation Realm!
Dongli Zhan looked at Ye Xuan and said with a smile, "You have a plan?"
Ye Xuan nodded his head.
Dongli Zhan said, "Tell me!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Who is their main target?
It's me!
Since it's me, as long as I appear, they will take the initiative to find me! "
Dongli Zhan said softly, "You want to use yourself as bait?"
Ye Xuan nodded his head.
Dongli Zhan looked at Ye Xuan and said, "If they ignore you and directly go to the Fifth Dimension, you will obediently return!"
Ye Xuan nodded his head and said, "I know!
However, if I go to find someone, they will definitely come to stop me! "
Dongli Zhan asked, "Who?"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "Qing 'er!"
Dongli Ao shook his head and said, "It's too dangerous for you to be bait!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "My life is a life. Are the lives of my clansmen not a life?"
Hearing this, everyone's gazes fell on Ye Xuan.
At this moment, everyone's gazes towards Ye Xuan had changed.
...
In a certain star field, a white-haired old man stood not far from Mu Tian!
This person was the Divine Sect's Sect Master, Chen Xian!
This Chen Xian was a veteran expert of the Heaven Region. Besides responding to the Cosmos Divine Court's summon, he had another reason for coming here, and that was to eat the Undying Emperor Clan!
Behind Chen Xian were countless super experts of the Divine Sect!
At this moment, Mu Tian suddenly said, "Sect Master Chen Xian, please lead them to the Fifth Dimension!"
Chen Xian looked at the nearby Divine Word Master, and the latter nodded.
Chen Xian was just about to lead the experts of the Divine Sect away when the space in front of the Divine Word Master suddenly trembled. In the next moment, the Divine Word Master's expression changed. "Wait!"
Everyone looked at the Divine Word Master, and he said in a low voice, "Immediately seal off all the star fields outside the Ninth Dimension. Do not let Ye Xuan leave!"
Mu Tian frowned, "What do you mean?"
The Divine Word Master said in a low voice, "Ye Xuan is going to find that woman!"
Mu Tian looked at the Divine Word Master, "The person behind him?"
The Divine Word Master nodded.
Mu Tian said in a low voice, "With Ye Xuan's personality, he will definitely return to the Fifth Dimension if we head there!"
The Divine Word Master shook his head, "If he gets in contact with that woman, then it will be meaningless for all of you to go to the Fifth Dimension!"
Mu Tian stared at the Divine Word Master, "How strong is she?"
The Divine Word Master was silent.
This was because he did not know how strong that woman was, but he knew that she could defy the laws of the universe!
Defying the laws of the universe, how terrifying was that?
Mu Tian suddenly said, "If that woman is extremely strong, then why didn't Ye Xuan go look for her earlier?
There is only one explanation, and that is that he cannot contact that woman!
The reason why he suddenly went to look for her is to lure us into taking the initiative to attack!
As long as we ignore him and send people to the Fifth Dimension, he will definitely turn back and take the initiative to find us! "
The Divine Word Master was silent.
Mu Tian suddenly roared, "All Divine Word Masters, listen to my command! Immediately set up a transfer array to the Fifth Dimension. After entering the Fifth Dimension, kill everyone regardless of age or age! Leave no one alive!"
His voice was like thunder, shaking the starry sky.
The Divine Word Masters looked at the Divine Word Master. The Divine Word Master was somewhat hesitant, and Mu Tian angrily said, "When two armies fight, the most taboo is to be fearful. Now, let's see who is more ruthless and decisive!
If we hesitate, we will lose!
If we lose the opportunity, countless people will be sacrificed. I will not let my people die in vain! "
The Divine Word Master was about to speak, but at this time, a voice suddenly came from the side, "Listen to him!
Use the Fifth Dimension to restrain Ye Xuan, but we cannot truly slaughter the beings of the Fifth Dimension! "
The one who spoke was the protector, Ma Yi!
Ma Yi softly said, "From this moment on, everyone here must listen to Marshal Mu's orders!"
After saying this, she glanced at the Divine Word Master, "This includes you!"
....
fpzw








Chapter 1568
Following Mayi's words, the Holy Masters immediately opened up a spatial passage and forcibly built a transfer array in it. They broke through the spatial barrier and reached the Fifth Dimension!
The Fifth Dimension!
Not far away, Mu Tian turned to look in the direction of the Ninth Dimension. He had already calmed down.
He understood Ye Xuan very well. He knew that Ye Xuan would not sit and watch the Fifth Dimension be massacred!
Ye Xuan would definitely bring the Ninth Dimension to attack them!
And here, they had already set up thousands of arrays!
If the Ninth Dimension attacked them, they would have a huge advantage!
...
On the other side, Ye Xuan suddenly stopped. Nan Xing appeared in front of him. Nan Xing whispered a few words and Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes!
The Cosmos God Court did not fall for it!
Ye Xuan turned to look at the end of the starry sky and frowned. This time, the enemy was not stupid at all!
At this moment, Higashi Yasushi and the mysterious woman appeared beside Ye Xuan.
Higashi Yasushi looked at Ye Xuan, "Can you contact the green-robed man or the plain-dressed woman?"
Ye Xuan shook his head.
He could not contact the two at all!
The mysterious woman suddenly said, "She is looking for the laws of the universe!"
Ye Xuan and Higashi Yasushi looked at the mysterious woman. The mysterious woman said softly, "Her target should be the laws of the universe and the mysterious person in your body!"
Higashi Yasushi suddenly said, "Why doesn't she go directly to the Cosmos God Court?"
The mysterious woman said solemnly, "The laws of the universe are definitely not in the Cosmos God Court. The Cosmos God Court might just be a representative of the laws of the universe!
As for the Cosmos God Court, it is impossible that she does not know about it. There are only two explanations for why she did not go. First, she has more important things to do. For example, she is looking for the laws of the universe. Her ultimate goal is to kill the laws of the universe and the mysterious person in Xuan 'er's body. Second, she wants to leave the Cosmos God Court to Xuan' er alone! "
At this point, she paused and said, "However, I feel that there are two reasons!
If there is nothing more important, she will not leave!
And now, the laws of the universe have not appeared. It is most likely because of her. "
Higashi Yasushi nodded, "Reasonable analysis!"
The truly terrifying thing about the Cosmos God Court were the laws of the universe!
Up until now, the Laws of the Universe hadn't appeared, so there was only one explanation, and it was definitely related to the woman in a simple dress!
At this moment, the mysterious woman suddenly said, "Our top priority now is to stop the people of the Cosmos God Court from entering the Fifth Dimension!"
Ye Xuan looked at Dongli Jing. Dongli Jing said, "Before I came here, our people had already left the Undying Realm and headed for the Star Region where they are. At the same time, Miss Nian Nian and Tu have also rushed over. The two of them can fight against a magnificent army!"
Mindfulness and slaughter!
Ye Xuan nodded slightly. Most people were no match for the two of them if they joined forces.
Higashi Kei looked into the distance. "Let's go!
The final battle is about to begin! "
Ye Xuan suddenly asked, "Is it worth it?"
Asato looked at Ye Xuan, and Ye Xuan said softly, "For me alone …"
"It's not a matter of whether it's worth it or not, it's a matter of dignity.
Not to mention you, even if it's any of our clansmen, I won't take the initiative to hand them over to others and let them slaughter them!
I hope that when you become the Patriarch in the future, you will remember this. The Undying Emperor Clan can't abandon a single clansman. "
With that, she turned and left.
Ye Xuan didn't speak for a long time.
At this moment, the mysterious woman said softly, "Can we talk about our matters after this is over and if I'm still alive?"
Ye Xuan looked at the mysterious woman. She smiled slightly, "I can understand if you blame me or hate me because I'm really not a qualified mother!
But I hope … you can give me a chance to talk to you! "
Ye Xuan nodded after a moment of silence, "Alright!"
The mysterious woman smiled, "Then it's settled!"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Soon, the two of them disappeared.
...
In a certain part of the starry sky, Mu Tian looked at the map in his hand in silence.
At this moment, the starry sky in front of them suddenly trembled. Soon, the space there split open and a middle-aged man walked out!
It was Dongli Zhan!
Mu Tian put away the map and looked at Dongli Zhan, "It's not worth it for so many people to die for one person!"
Dongli Zhan smiled, "Did you really come here just to kill the Undying Emperor Clan's young master?
I'm afraid not. "
Mu Tian looked at Dongli Zhan, "Then let's fight!"
Dongli Zhan shook his head, "There's no rush!"
Mu Tian looked at Dongli Zhan, "I'm not in a rush either!"
At this moment, the Holy Masters behind him suddenly stopped. The spatial passage to the Fifth Dimension had been opened and a transmission array had been set up!
As long as they entered the transmission array, they would arrive in the Fifth Dimension in less than fifteen minutes!
Mu Tian looked at Dongli Zhan, "Sect Leader Chen Xian, send your people to the Fifth Dimension!"
Chen Xian nodded and waved his right hand. Dozens of super experts entered the spatial transmission array.
Dongli Zhan's expression was still calm!
Mu Tian furrowed his brows when he saw this.
The other side must have something to rely on!
Right at this moment, numerous shrill cries suddenly resounded from the teleportation formation!
The Divine Sect Leader's face darkened because his people were all dead!
Not only that, the spatial passage was directly destroyed by the two women!
At this time, a black-robed man appeared beside Mu Tian and whispered something to him. Mu Tian turned to look at the Divine Pronouncer and said, "There are two sword cultivators at the peak of the Worldly Realm in there!"
Divine Word Master's face darkened. He knew who Mu Tian was talking about. It was those two women!
These two people were really not easy to deal with!
That was because ordinary people were simply not a match for these two people.
Divine Word Master looked at the Divine Sect Leader Chen Xian, "Sect Leader Chen, I'll leave these two people to Sect Leader Chen and your sect's Supreme Elder!
Remember, don't fight them to the death. Just delay them! "
Chen Xian nodded slightly, "Yes!"
With that, he disappeared on the spot with an old man next to him.
Mu Tian looked at the distant Dongli Zhan. Dongli Zhan faintly smiled and did not move.
Right now, he wanted to delay!
Because he believed in the strength of Mu Niannian and Tu. If he continued to delay, Sect Leader Chen Xian and Dongli Zhan would definitely not be their opponents!
In any case, he could not make the first move!
Because there were thousands of arrays in this star field. If the Undying Emperor Clan attacked first, they would suffer heavy losses!
In the distance, Mu Tian looked at Divine Word Master, "Can the two of them defeat those two women?"
Divine Word Master shook his head.
With the strength of those two women, even he might not be able to fight one of them alone.
Only the protectors could contend against those two women. As for Chen Xian and Dongli Zhan, they could only delay them!
Seeing Divine Word Master shake his head, Mu Tian's face darkened.
If this continued, it would be disadvantageous to their side!
Mu Tian suddenly looked at the distant Ma Yi, "Miss Ma Yi, please go to the Fifth Dimension!"
Ma Yi looked at Mu Tian, "Slaughter the star field?"
Mu Tian nodded, his eyes cold, "Directly slaughter them so that they have no choice but to attack us!"
Ma Yi shook her head, "The beings of the Fifth Dimension have not done anything wrong. They cannot be slaughtered!
You can use the Fifth Dimension to threaten the Calamity Entity, but you cannot truly slaughter the Fifth Dimension. "
Mu Tian's face darkened, "Miss Ma Yi, this is a life or death situation. On the battlefield, one must be unscrupulous …"
Ma Yi looked straight at Mu Tian, "We are the protectors of the laws of the universe, and the duty of the laws is to protect the peace and order of the universe, not to slaughter living beings!
The Undying Emperor Clan forcefully protected the Calamity Entity, so they should be punished. However, the beings of the Fifth Dimension did not interfere in this matter, so what wrong did they do? "
Mu Tian's face turned ugly, "Miss Ma Yi, we are currently at war. War itself is cruel, so we cannot be merciful!
We … "
Ma Yi suddenly interrupted Mu Tian, "Marshal Mu Tian, war is indeed cruel, but our goal is not to slaughter living beings, but to protect the beings of the universe, to maintain order in the universe.
If we slaughter living beings for our goal, then what is the point of us protecting it? "
Mu Tian stared at Ma Yi, "Then what about our people?
We came all the way here, are our lives not important? "
Ma Yi shook her head, "Marshal Mu Tian, back then when the Cosmos God Court helped the Great Xing Dynasty, the Great Xing Dynasty promised that they would not reject any request of the Cosmos God Court!
There is a cause and effect, this is what the Great Xing Dynasty owes us!
Moreover, you came here for benefits, not because of the Cosmos God Court's call!
You also want to borrow the power of the Cosmos God Court to destroy the Undying Emperor Clan, then divide this universe! "
Mu Tian went silent.
In the past, the Cosmos God Court had indeed helped the Great Xing Dynasty. Moreover, as Ma Yi had said, the Great Xing Emperor's goal was to divide the Undying Emperor Clan's territory!
Ma Yi turned and looked into the distance, "The Cosmos God Court started a war to protect the order of the universe, to prevent the Calamity Entity from continuing to live, not to slaughter living beings.
Marshal Mu Tian, Ye Xuan is a person with the Adversity Body, but the Fifth Dimension isn't. Hence, our Cosmos God Court will only target him and those who help him. If the Fifth Dimension doesn't help him, we won't massacre the Fifth Dimension. "
Mu Tian looked at Ma Yi, "Then what do you think we should do?
Should we take the initiative to attack? "
Ma Yi said, "If I head to the Fifth Dimension, they will definitely send people to stop me!
Therefore, there is no point.
Now that they have left the Ninth Dimension, we do not need to forcefully attack the Ninth Dimension. Our goal has been achieved, so let's attack!
Otherwise, when the two Swordsman are free, the situation will be even more disadvantageous to us! "
Mu Tian went silent.
He still wanted to use the Fifth Dimension to make the Undying Emperor Clan hesitate. Because if their blade fell into the Fifth Dimension, the Undying Emperor Clan would definitely be the ones who would not be able to sit still!
However, the Cosmos God Court did not allow it!
How pedantic!
Damned faith!
Mu Tian took in a deep breath, then roared, "Where is the Great Xing Cavalry!"
"Here!"
Behind him, close to sixty thousand cavalry roared in unison, their voices like thunder, shaking the starry sky.
Mu Tian pointed at Dong Li Zhan and roared, "Undying Emperor Clan, hand over one person in exchange for countless lives. This is your Undying Emperor Clan's last chance!"
Dong Li Zhan went silent.
To the side, Ma Yi looked to Dongli Zhan. "If you are willing to hand over the person with the Disaster Body, the Undying Imperial Clan can continue to exist."
Dongli Zhan suddenly laughed and said, "Come and fight!"
Mu Tian suddenly raised his right hand and waved it down. "Cavalry, attack!"
"Charge!"
Over 60,000 cavalrymen suddenly roared in unison and charged towards Dongli Zhan in the distance.
The charge of the cavalry shook the starry sky!
Dongli Zhan suddenly said: "Where are the Undying Blood Cavalry!"
"I'm here!"
Behind Dongli Zhan, a deafening roar resounded like thunder. Then, a large area of space suddenly split open, and in the next moment, more than a thousand Undead Blood Cavalry charged out.
Dongli Zhan looked at the 60,000 cavalrymen charging over from afar. "Kill!"
"Kill!"
More than a thousand cavalrymen raised their spears and roared. In the next moment, they all rushed out!
One thousand versus sixty thousand!
....
!!








Chapter 1569
Although the Undying Emperor Clan had fewer cavalry, the momentum of a thousand did not lose out to the 60,000!
There was still a gap between the Great Xing Dynasty and the Undying Emperor Clan!
In terms of individual combat, only the Cosmos God Court could match up to the Undying Emperor Clan!
A thousand against 60,000!
In the starry sky, the moment the two sides clashed, the thousand Undying Blood Cavalry opened up a path of blood!
However, the Great Xing Dynasty's cavalry were not pushovers. They were the elites of the elites, not afraid of death!
In the first clash, the Great Xing Dynasty had lost hundreds of people, while the Undying Blood Cavalry had also lost over thirty people …
After another clash, the two sides switched positions. Hundreds of corpses fell from the sky, accompanied by fresh blood!
The Undying Blood Cavalry commander, Dong Li Mo, roared, "Get ready!"
Behind him, the Undying Blood Cavalry quickly got into formation.
Dong Li Mo pointed his spear at the distant Great Xing Dynasty cavalry, "Charge!"
As soon as he finished speaking, the Undead Blood Cavalry behind him charged forward!
A thousand men charged forward, as if they wanted to crush the starry sky!
In the distance, the commander of the Great Xing Dynasty cavalry suddenly pointed his spear at the charging Undying Blood Cavalry and roared, "Meeting on a narrow path, the courageous win!
Charge! "
With that, the Great Xing Dynasty cavalry behind him charged forward!
Rumble rumble rumble rumble!
In the starry sky, the two sides clashed directly, without any fancy moves!
After another clash, the two sides switched positions. Hundreds of corpses fell from the sky.
The Great Xing Dynasty's side had suffered the most casualties. More than six hundred people had fallen, while the Undead Blood Cavalry had also lost dozens of people!
Below, Mu Tian's expression was calm, but his right hand was tightly clenched.
This clash made him understand that the Great Xing Dynasty's battle power was still inferior to the Undying Emperor Clan!
Mu Tian slowly closed his eyes. The Undying Emperor Clan had existed for more than a million years, and was known as the number one clan in the universe. Compared to the Great Xing Dynasty, there was still a gap!
On the other side, Dong Li Zhan looked at the fallen Undying Blood Cavalry, his heart bleeding!
These people had been carefully nurtured by the Undying Emperor Clan!
Each of them had been nurtured for at least hundreds, or even thousands of years!
At this time, the East Pavilion in the sky suddenly roared, "Get ready!"
Behind him, there were less than nine hundred Undying Blood Cavalrymen left.
Dongli Ting pointed his spear and roared, "Charge!"
Nine hundred people suddenly shot out like arrows released from a bow!
On the other side, the cavalry commander of the Great Xing Dynasty suddenly pointed his spear and bellowed, "Kill!"
As soon as he finished speaking, the tens of thousands of cavalrymen behind him charged forward!
The cavalry of both sides clashed, and the starry sky was torn apart by their stomps!
At this moment, Dongli Zhan suddenly said, "Dao Soldier!"
As soon as he finished speaking, the space behind him suddenly split open, and tens of thousands of people walked out.
Undying Dao Soldier!
A total of forty thousand people!
All of the Undying Imperial Clan's Dao soldiers were here!
The leader was the commander of the Tao soldiers, Dongli Ting.
Dongli Zhan looked at the 200,000 elite soldiers behind Mu Tian, "Devour them!"
"Kill!"
Forty thousand people roared in unison. In the next moment, forty thousand people charged into the sky!
Forty thousand versus two hundred thousand!
They didn't have an advantage in numbers, but their momentum was unstoppable.
Obviously, this was going to be a decisive battle!
Mu Tian's expression was calm, "Infantry, step out!"
Behind him, two hundred thousand soldiers walked out in unison, their steps orderly!
Mu Tian was expressionless, "Kill!"
Two hundred thousand soldiers charged forward!
At this moment, the surrounding space suddenly trembled. In the next moment, countless experts charged out!
They were all experts from the Undying Clan!
There were hundreds of thousands of them!
These were all experts from the Undying Imperial Clan from the Seventh and Eighth Dimensions, as well as the Ten Realms!
The Undying Imperial Clan didn't have many elites, but they had a lot of ordinary experts. After all, they controlled three dimensional universes and the Ten Realms!
Against the Cosmos God Court, these ordinary experts wouldn't be very useful. But against the soldiers of the Great Xing Dynasty, these experts weren't weak at all.
The sudden appearance of hundreds of thousands of experts caused Mu Tian's expression to change!
The Great Xing Dynasty was already inferior in terms of quality against the Undying Imperial Clan. And now, they were being suppressed in terms of numbers. How could they win?
Mu Tian turned to look at the Divine Word Master, who suddenly said, "Attack!"
Behind him, dozens of Holy Word Masters and hundreds of Heaven Word Masters started chanting incantations. In the next moment, the entire starry sky trembled violently. Soon, countless mysterious lightning bolts appeared out of nowhere in the surrounding starry sky. Not only were there lightning bolts, there were also countless wind blades and densely packed fireballs …
Techniques!
Dozens of Holy Word Masters and Heaven Word Masters used their techniques together. How terrifying was that?
In just an instant, over ten thousand Undying Imperial Clan experts were killed.
Seeing this, Dongli Zhan's expression sank. The strength of these Heaven Word Masters was too terrifying!
Ordinary experts weren't a match for them!
Dongli Zhan suddenly said, "Shadow Guards!"
Just as he finished speaking, over a hundred shadows suddenly charged at the Holy Word Masters and Heaven Word Masters!
These were the assassins that the Undying Imperial Clan had meticulously nurtured!
The nineteen people that had been following Ye Xuan were the elites of the Shadow Guards!
However, before these hundred people could approach the Heaven Word Masters, they were blocked by a group of black-clothed people!
Dark Hall!
This group of people were also assassins!
Both sides didn't waste any words and immediately started fighting!
Both sides were assassins, and the fight was extremely strange. Only saber light could be seen, but not a single person could be seen!
At this moment, Mu Tian suddenly said, "Divine Sect Dao Soldiers!"
As soon as he finished speaking, thousands of Divine Sect experts charged out!
Their target was none other than the Undying Blood Cavalry!
Mu Tian knew that as long as they dealt with the Undying Blood Cavalry, the Great Xing Dynasty's cavalry would be able to attack the Dao Soldiers!
Cavalry had a huge advantage against infantry!
Thousands of Divine Sect Dao Soldiers were the Divine Sect's elite experts. If they were allowed to join the battle between the two sides, it would be extremely disadvantageous to the Undying Blood Cavalry!
Dongli Zhan suddenly said, "Feather God Guards!"
As soon as he finished speaking, thousands of arrows suddenly pierced through the sky and blocked the thousands of Divine Sect Dao Soldiers!
After blocking the Divine Sect Dao Soldiers, the Feather God Guards continued to attack. Thousands of arrows suddenly shot into the sky and headed straight for the Great Xing Dynasty's cavalry!
The Great Xing Dynasty's cavalry commander's expression changed drastically, and he immediately roared, "Outer cavalry, defend!"
As soon as he finished speaking, the Great Xing Dynasty's cavalry suddenly took out a shield and quickly closed in.
Boom boom boom boom boom!
Most of the arrows were blocked by the shield, but over a thousand people died!
At this moment, the Undying Blood Cavalry arrived. In an instant, the formation of the Great Xing Dynasty's cavalry was broken. Over a thousand of them died, and their corpses slowly fell from the sky!
Just as the Feather God Guards were about to attack, the Divine Sect Dao Soldiers charged towards the Feather God Guards!
Dongli Zhan retracted his gaze and looked to the other side. At this moment, the Undying Emperor Clan experts that were called over from other worlds were dying at a terrifying speed.
Those Master Yan were too terrifying!
A few hundred people actually killed hundreds of thousands!
He had to get rid of these Master Yan!
These Master Yan were the peak experts of the Cosmos God Court. Not to mention these ordinary experts, even some of the Undying Emperor Clan's elites weren't their match!
This was a complete suppression of battle power!
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly appeared in front of Dongli Zhan. Ye Xuan looked at the Master Yan, "Leave them to me!"
As he spoke, he walked towards the sky!
Seeing this scene, Dongli Zhan's expression changed, "Clan Guardian!"
As he spoke, over a hundred people suddenly charged out from the space behind him!
These people were all young people!
The geniuses of the Undying Clan's younger generation!
All of them were at the Heaven Wei Realm!
The Undying Emperor Clan's nurturing of these geniuses even surpassed the fallen Undying Emperor Army!
Because these people were the true future of the Undying Emperor Clan!
Dongli Zhan looked at the young man leading them, "Dongli Qing, from now on, you will listen to young master's orders!"
The young man called Dongli Qing cupped his fists, "Understood!"
As he spoke, he led the 120 people behind him and followed Ye Xuan.
Dongli Zhan didn't stop Ye Xuan because he knew that since Ye Xuan dared to say that, he definitely had a way!
At this moment, the eyes of Ma Yi and the rest also fell on Ye Xuan.
This time, her target was Ye Xuan!
Kill Ye Xuan!
The Sinner of Disaster!
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly opened his palm, and a box appeared in his hand.
Ma Yi and the rest frowned when they saw the box. What's that?
At this moment, a voice suddenly resounded in Ma Yi's mind, "Ma Yi, you'd better stop this guy!"
Ma Yi didn't hesitate and said directly, "Stop him!"
As soon as she finished speaking, Mu Tian suddenly said, "Gold-armored Army!"
A group of golden-armored guards charged towards Ye Xuan!
There were thousands of them!
These were the true elites of the Darxing Dynasty!
Dongli Qing was about to attack when he saw them charging towards him, but Ye Xuan stopped them. He waved his right hand, and a group of demon beasts appeared in front of him.
A monkey, a chicken, a sheep, a pig ….
Ye Xuan looked at the monkey, "Big monkey, go!"
The monkey picked up an iron rod and rushed out. It swung the rod at the enemy.
Boom!
Dozens of golden-armored guards were directly crushed by its staff. After it rushed into the crowd, its fighting style began to change!
It used its rod to sweep people's crotches …
Who could withstand that?
It didn't take long for shrill cries to resound in the starry sky.
When the monkey attacked, the pig rammed into the group of golden-armored guards as well.
Boom!
With this collision, nearly a hundred golden-armored powerhouses were directly smashed into meat paste. After killing them, it immediately began to eat … While eating, it continued to smash …
At the same time, the chicken and the sheep also rushed into the crowd. The way the sheep fought was the same as the pig, it would headbutt anyone it saw. This headbutt was enough to cause space itself to collapse. As for the chicken, it specialized in headbutting people's butts … Who knew who taught it to do this …?
The chicken's fighting style was slightly terrifying as well. It directly chopped at anyone it saw, and it specialized in chopping at the head. Once it did, it would die … The sound of people's heads breaking resounded incessantly …
The demon beasts directly crushed the group of golden-armored guards!
Everyone in the surroundings was stunned!
What the hell are they?
Meanwhile, Ye Xuan took the opportunity to open the box …
...








Chapter 1570
As soon as the box was opened, a fluffy white little fellow crawled out from within.
At the instant that the white little fellow crawled out, the spirit energy in the surroundings suddenly surged uncontrollably towards her. It was an extremely strange scene!
At this moment, the gazes of countless people shot towards the white little fellow, and their eyes were filled with curiosity. What's that?
Meanwhile, Xiao Ta suddenly appeared in front of the white little fellow, and he seemed extremely happy. "White!"
The white little fellow rubbed her drowsy eyes. She grinned when she saw Xiao Ta, and then she rubbed Xiao Ta lightly before she gazed at Ye Xuan. Meanwhile, Ye Xuan didn't say a word and immediately took out a candied haw and passed it to the white little fellow. The white little fellow's eyes instantly lit up when she saw the candied haw, and she took it and started licking it.
It was still that familiar white little fellow!
The Divine Prophet stared fixedly at the white little fellow, "The Spirit Patriarch!"
As he spoke, his expression gradually became solemn!
Meanwhile, Ye Xuan suddenly said, "White, help me fight, alright?"
The white little fellow gazed at Ye Xuan, and Ye Xuan immediately withdrew another candied haw. The white little fellow's eyes narrowed as she took the candied haw, and then she nodded swiftly!
Ye Xuan hurriedly turned around and pointed at the group of Divine Prophet, "Quickly stop them!"
The white little fellow glanced at the Divine Prophet, blinked, and then waved her little claw.
Bang!
In an instant, the lightning, fire, and wind in the starry sky vanished without a trace!
All of them had vanished!
Both sides were stunned when they witnessed this scene!
The Divine Prophets started to execute their techniques again, and it didn't take long for countless strands of formidable elemental energy to converge in the starry sky!
Meanwhile, the white little fellow waved her claw again!
Bang!
The elemental energy vanished without a trace!
The Divine Prophets were dumbfounded!
The white little fellow licked the candied haw, and then she grinned as she gazed at the Divine Prophets. It seemed like she was telling them to continue!
The Divine Prophets were about to attack, but they were stopped by the Divine Prophet.
The Divine Word Master looked at the little white fellow below. "Spirit Ancestor, as the Spirit Ancestor, why are you helping the person with the Adversity Body?!"
The little white fellow licked her sugar-coated haws and pointed at Ye Xuan with her little claw before pointing at herself!
Obviously, she meant that Ye Xuan was in cahoots with her!
The Divine Oracle looked at the little white guy. "He is a Sinner of Misfortune!"
The little white fellow blinked and continued to lick the tanghulu. She didn't understand what the Divine Word Master was saying at all.
What sinner of misfortune?
Is it better than candied haws?
The Divine Word Master's face sank. Fuck, he discovered that he couldn't communicate with the Spirit Ancestor!
And at this time, the Undying Emperor Clan experts that were blocked by Teacher Yan had already charged towards the group of Great Xing Dynasty soldiers!
With the addition of these experts, how could the Great Xing Dynasty resist?
Mu Tian immediately turned to look at the Divine Word Master in the distance. The Divine Word Master suddenly took a step forward and gently pressed down with his right hand. This pressure caused countless bolts of lightning to gather in the starry sky. In the next instant, these bolts of lightning descended in a straight line.
In an instant, a formless pressure came crashing down, as if it wanted to shatter the starry sky!
Below, Ye Xuan opened his palm and a sword appeared in his hand. He was prepared to attack at any time!
At this moment, the little white fellow sniffed. In an instant, the divine lightning in the starry sky became illusory and gradually disappeared.
Seeing this scene, Ye Xuan was stunned!
Gone just like that?
In the starry sky, the Divine Oracle's expression also froze!
He didn't expect that his divine lightning would disappear just like that!
Below, the little white fellow licked her sugar-coated haws with a harmless look.
At this time, the group of experts from the Great Xing Dynasty had already been defeated. This was because the Undying Emperor Clan's side had already crushed the Great Xing Dynasty and God Sect in terms of numbers!
Mu Tian looked at the Divine Oracle. He stared at the Divine Oracle with a gaze as sharp as a knife. "The Cosmos God Court can no longer hold back!"
He knew that the Cosmos God Court was definitely holding back!
The Divine Oracle suddenly turned to look at Ma Yi. Ma Yi understood and immediately floated towards the little white fellow below.
They had to get rid of this little white fellow. Otherwise, the Divine Oracles would be crippled!
Seeing Ma Yi floating towards him, Ye Xuan suddenly pulled out his sword.
Weng!
A sword hum soared into the sky!
In the sky, Ma Yi suddenly slapped down with her palm.
Boom!
A wave of sword light shattered. Ye Xuan was directly sent back to his original position. The moment he landed, his fleshly body split apart. At this moment, the little white fellow waved its little claw and a purple aura enveloped Ye Xuan. In an instant, Ye Xuan's cracked fleshly body returned to normal!
At this time, Ma Yi had already appeared in front of Ye Xuan and the little white fellow. Just as she was about to attack, a figure suddenly appeared in front of her.
Boom!
The space in front of Ye Xuan directly exploded!
The person who attacked was the Undying Emperor Clan's Patriarch, Dongli Jing!
Dongli Jing looked at Ma Yi and waved her sleeves, "Your opponent is me!"
As she finished speaking, she disappeared from her original position.
In the distance, Ma Yi suddenly punched out!
With this punch, everyone in the starry sky seemed to stop!
Domain!
This was a Martial Domain, and no ordinary Martial Domain!
In the Martial Domain, Dongli Jing's pupils constricted. She clenched her right hand, and the Undying Bloodline in her body suddenly boiled. In an instant, the power of her bloodline enveloped her body!
After the power of her bloodline enveloped her body, Dongli Jing directly punched out.
Head-On!
Rumble!
As a shocking explosion resounded, the two women simultaneously retreated!
At this moment, a figure suddenly appeared in front of Dongli Jing!
The Dark Hall's Hall Master!
Obviously, he wanted to kill Dongli Jing!
If he could assassinate the Undying Emperor Clan's Clan Master, the Undying Emperor Clan's morale would definitely plummet!
Unfortunately, as soon as he appeared in front of Dongli Jing, a black figure silently appeared behind him.
The person who attacked was the Undying Emperor Clan's Shadow Guard Commander!
He had actually been watching the Dark Hall's Hall Master all this time!
After the Shadow Guard's commander appeared, the Dark Hall's Hall Master suddenly disappeared. The Shadow Guard's commander also disappeared!
It was as if the two of them had never appeared!
Dongli Jing looked at Linyi in the distance. She slowly clenched her right hand, and the Undying Bloodline within her surged madly.
Since she possessed the Undying Bloodline, so long as she wasn't instantly killed, she wasn't afraid of anyone in a battle of attrition!
Suddenly, the space in the distance split open, and then two rays of light flew out!
The two who came out were Mu Niannian and Tu!
In their hands were two bloody skulls!
They were the heads of the Divine Sect's Sect Master and Supreme Elder!
The two women had killed two people!
The expressions of the experts from the Divine Sect changed drastically when they saw this!
Mu Niannian turned to look at the linen robe not far away. She had suddenly vanished, and at this moment, the Divine Word Master suddenly chanted an incantation. In the next instant, countless blood-red talismans appeared around Mu Niannian.
Mu Niannian slashed down with her sword.
Boom!
The talisman exploded into pieces. But right at this moment, bolts of lightning struck down towards the top of her head!
Mu Niannian's expression was calm. She stomped her right foot lightly, and then she transformed into a ray of light that shot into the sky.
The Divine Word Master was about to attack. Meanwhile, Ye Xuan hurriedly said, "Little Fellow, help him out!"
The white little fellow blinked, looked at the Divine Word Master, and raised her little claw. The Divine Word Master had just started chanting when the spirit energy around him was instantly sucked dry!
The Divine Word Master was stunned!
What did a Divine Word Master need the most?
Spirit energy and elemental energy!
But at this moment, the spirit energy around him had been sucked dry!
It wasn't just the spirit energy that had been sucked dry, even the elemental energy around him was gone!
What's this?
The Divine Word Master gazed at the white little fellow below him. The white little fellow grinned, and she seemed completely harmless!
She's still smiling?
The Divine Word Master was slightly stunned. Is she mocking me?
Meanwhile, Mu Niannian suddenly appeared in front of him. His expression changed drastically, and he immediately flashed backwards. This single flash allowed him to move over 3km away!
Hiss!
Mu Niannian's sword slashed through the air!
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Big Sister Nian, kill those Divine Words!"
Mu Niannian immediately turned around and charged at those Divine Words when he heard Ye Xuan!
The expressions of those Divine Words changed drastically, and they were about to start chanting when the white little fellow suddenly raised her claw and waved it lightly.
In an instant, the spirit energy and elemental energy in an area of over 3km were completely sucked dry!
All the Divine Words Masters were rendered useless!
The Divine Words Masters were stunned!
At this time, Mu Niannian had already arrived. In the blink of an eye, five Holy Diviners were killed!
After the Divine Words Masters' techniques were rendered useless, their combat strength was simply too weak!
The Divine Word Master's expression changed drastically when he witnessed this scene, and he suddenly roared furiously, "Where's the Tendo!?"
The Tendo!
Only the Tendo could gather spirit energy once more. If the Tendo could gather spirit energy once more, then they could still fight. So, he immediately summoned the Tendo!
The Cosmos Divine Court controlled the order of the entire universe, and the Tendo everywhere had to give them face!
Bang!
A formidable aura suddenly appeared in the starry sky. As soon as this formidable aura appeared, the entire starry sky started to tremble, and the spirit energy in the surroundings fluctuated slightly. Then, a figure gradually condensed silently.
The Tendo!
It was the Tendo of this starry sky. It wasn't particularly strong, but it wasn't weak either!
The white little fellow glanced at the Tendo and continued to lick the candied haws, and there was a trace of greed in her eyes.
The Tendo's spirit energy is even more abundant!
The Divine Word Master took out the Divine Order and gazed at the Tendo, "I order you to immediately mobilize all the spirit energy here and replenish it for us!"
The Tendo paid no attention to the Divine Word Master, and she gazed at White instead. She fell silent for a moment before she looked at the Divine Word Master and roared furiously, "Replenish your mother's head!"
With that, she disappeared!
He had confirmed with his eyes that he could not afford to offend this person!
This was the Spirit Ancestor!
Replenish Spirit Qi?
Once this little guy breathed in, not to mention spiritual Qi, even she, a Tendo, could absorb it all!
Snatching Spirit Qi from the Spirit Ancestor?
Wasn't that like entering the latrine with a lantern?
At this moment, the escaping Tendo was extremely frustrated. Was there something wrong with the Cosmos God Court?
He told her to deal with the Spirit Ancestor!
That was the Spirit Ancestor!
It was as if he was asking his son to beat his father.
Aren't you pushing me into a fire pit?
...
!!








Chapter 1571
The Tendo's sudden departure stunned the Divine Word Master!
He wasn't angry, and he became even more solemn instead!
There was only one explanation for the Tendo's departure!
It was fear of the Spirit Ancestor!
However, right at this moment, the little white fellow suddenly waved her claw towards the depths of the starry sky.
With this wave of her claw, the Tendo in the starry sky stopped moving!
In the next moment, a figure appeared above them.
It was the Tendo who'd left earlier!
The little white fellow had called him back again!
The little white fellow gazed at the Tendo, grinned, and then pointed her claw at the Divine Word Master before suddenly clenching it.
Her intentions were obvious!
Hit him!
The Tendo remained silent.
She didn't dare to go against the Spirit Ancestor, but she didn't want to go against the Universe Court as well.
The little white fellow frowned slightly when she saw the Tendo remain silent, and then she pointed her claw at the Divine Word Master. Her intentions were extremely obvious!
Kill him!
The Tendo hesitated for a moment and said, "Can I not fight?"
The little white fellow blinked. He doesn't want to give me face?
The little white fellow sniffed lightly, and with this sniff, the Heavenly Dao was instantly scared out of its wits. This was because the origin of this starfield was directly disappearing at an extremely terrifying speed!
The Tendo hurriedly said, "Hit him!
I'll hit him! "
As soon as she finished speaking, she turned around to look at the Divine Word Master and said furiously, "Is there something wrong with all of you?
Why did you offend the Spirit Ancestor for no reason!? "
As soon as she finished speaking, she transformed into a bolt of divine lightning that shot explosively towards the Divine Word Master!
The Divine Word Master's face instantly darkened when he witnessed this scene!
Dammit!
My Universe Court actually doesn't have as much influence as the Spirit Ancestor?
The Divine Word Master didn't think too much about it and immediately started chanting. However, he'd just started chanting when he noticed that all the spirit energy and elemental energy in this area had been absorbed by the little white fellow!
The Divine Word Master's expression instantly changed when he noticed this, and he didn't hesitate to transform into a ray of white light that vanished on the spot!
The Tendo's attack missed, so she charged towards the Divine Word Master again!
Actually, the Tendo couldn't defeat the Divine Word Master, but now she had the little white fellow's help!
With the little white fellow's help, the Divine Oracle Master would be half crippled!
On the other side, Mu Niannian had already killed off the Holy Diviners, leaving only a dozen or so behind!
Of course, the main reason was because of the little white fellow!
This little fellow was the natural nemesis of these teachers!
This was because Master Yan was too reliant on the Spiritual Qi and elemental energy of this world!
As for the Spiritual Qi and Elemental Energy, they were too dependent on the little white fellow. No, the Spiritual Qi and Elemental Energy were afraid of the little white fellow!
The little white fellow hitting Teacher Yan was like a father hitting his son. You wouldn't even have the slightest bit of temper!
On the other side, the Undying Emperor Clan had completely suppressed the Divine Sect and the Great Xing Dynasty!
Without the advantage in numbers, the Great Hang Dynasty and the Divine Sect were truly unable to defeat the Undying Imperial Clan!
Of course, the main reason was that the little white fellow had crippled those Master Yans. Otherwise, those Master Yans would really be able to stop an entire army!
Right at this moment, Marshal Mu Tian suddenly gazed at the Divine Oracle Master who was still locked in battle with the Tendo and roared furiously, "Is the Cosmos Divine Court still planning to hold back until now?"
He knew that the Cosmos Divine Court hadn't revealed its true strength at all!
The Divine Oracle Master glanced at the surroundings, and it didn't take long for his face to sink. The Great Hang Dynasty and the Divine Sect were utterly unable to defeat the Undying Imperial Clan!
This was normal. After all, they were fighting on the Undying Imperial Clan's territory. Moreover, there was the seemingly harmless Spirit Ancestor!
The Spirit Ancestor was more terrifying than any expert of the Undying Imperial Clan!
On the other hand, Ma Yi and Mu Xiaodao were busy, and they were utterly unable to stop the Spirit Ancestor!
The Divine Oracle Master suddenly pushed back the Tendo, and then he gazed at the little white fellow and said fiercely, "Kill the Spirit Ancestor!"
Kill the Spirit Ancestor!
He knew that he had to deal with the Spirit Ancestor first if he wanted to win this battle!
As soon as the Divine Oracle Master's voice resounded, the space around Ye Xuan and the others suddenly became illusory. In the next moment, a few hundred black robed figures with blood red sickles in their hands suddenly charged out!
All of them were peak Heaven Wei Stage experts!
As soon as they appeared, they charged at the little white fellow!
At the same time, a group of mysterious experts with short axes suddenly appeared in the starry sky. There were over a thousand of them!
And all of them were peak Heaven Wei Stage experts!
After these more than a thousand people appeared, they immediately charged towards the Undying Emperor Clan's Dao soldiers in the distance!
They swept through everything in their path, and no one was able to stop them!
In a single charge, the Undying Imperial Clan had lost a few thousand people, and most of them were dao soldiers of the Undying Imperial Clan!
Even dao soldiers couldn't stop these axe-wielding experts!
On the other side, as the group of sickle wielding experts charged at the little white fellow, Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Stop them!"
As he spoke, he charged forward!
And behind him were the geniuses and geniuses of the Undying Imperial Clan!
Although there were only over a hundred of them, their battle strength was truly terrifying!
What was worth mentioning was that all of them had the Undying Bloodline. Thus, although they were outnumbered, they weren't afraid at all, because they were very difficult to kill!
Down below, Dongli Zhan's expression became slightly unsightly, and his gaze was fixed on the 1,000 plus experts with axes in their hands!
The battle strength of these thousand people was too terrifying!
More than a thousand people charged forward in a tight group. They were like a sharp blade, cutting through everything in their path!
The formation of the dao soldiers was directly disrupted, and they suffered heavy losses!
Dongli Zhan suddenly said, "Divine Imperial Guards!"
As he spoke, the space behind him suddenly split open. The next moment, hundreds of people charged out. These hundreds of people were all wearing purple battle armor, and wielding purple spears!
Divine Imperial Guards!
This was the strongest army of the Undying Imperial Clan. They were all peak Heaven Wei Stage experts, and the leader of the Divine Imperial Guards had even reached the Mortal Stage!
Dongli Corridor!
Their strength was ranked second in the entire Undying Imperial Clan!
The Divine Imperial Guards were the trump card of the Undying Imperial Clan. They hadn't used them before because they wanted to defend against the Cosmos Court!
And now, they had no choice but to use them!
Because if they didn't use them, the Undying Imperial Clan would suffer heavy losses!
Dongli Corridor raised his head to look at the experts of the Cosmos Court. In the next moment, he suddenly vanished on the spot.
In the starry sky, a middle-aged man who was leading the charging group of battle-axe experts suddenly chopped down with his axe. This strike collided with a spear.
Boom!
The middle-aged man's expression changed drastically, and then he was blasted away!
Dongli Corridor appeared in front of the group of battle-axe experts. With a twist of his wrist, he swept his spear forward.
Boom!
This sweep directly swept the group of Tomahawk powerhouses to the ground, causing them to retreat repeatedly, and with this retreat, their formation was directly disrupted!
Dongli Corridor held the spear in his right hand and tossed it forward!
Chi!
One of the battle-axe experts didn't even have time to react before the spear pierced through his body!
Dongli Corridor looked at the vigilant battle-axe experts, "Kill!"
As the sound of his voice faded, the Imperial God Guards charged into the sky. This group of people directly charged towards the group of battle-axe experts!
Dongli Corridor was about to act, but at this moment, his eyes narrowed and he suddenly raised his head. In the next moment, an afterimage suddenly descended from the sky and stepped towards him!
Dongli Corridor stabbed upwards with his spear!
Boom!
The entire starry sky trembled and then cracked. Dongli Corridor suddenly fell from the sky!
And at this moment, where Dongli Corridor was originally standing, a middle-aged man stood. The middle-aged man had his hands behind his back and there was a tiny crack between his brows!
Zu Meng!
Cosmos Court Battle Hall Master!
At this moment, Dongli Corridor suddenly disappeared. Zu Meng directly punched out.
Boom!
Under this punch, the starry sky in front of him turned into nothingness. However, he was forced to retreat hundreds of meters away!
And the place he was standing at was Dongli Corridor again!
Dongli Corridor held his spear and pointed downwards. His eyes were filled with battle intent!
Zu Meng glanced at Dongli Corridor, "Block them!"
As the sound of his voice faded, the surrounding space suddenly split apart. In the next moment, over a hundred experts wielding long blades charged out!
Battle Hall experts!
There weren't many of them, only 120 of them!
These hundred people held shields in their left hand and blades in their right. Their target was the group of Imperial Divine Guards!
Zu Meng glanced at Dongli Corridor. In the next moment, both of them disappeared!
Boom!
In the starry sky, a space suddenly exploded …
Below, Dongli Zhan glanced at the Imperial Divine Guards. The Imperial Divine Guards were already being held back by the Battle Hall experts and the battle axe experts.
The Imperial Divine Guards had the advantage, but it wasn't huge!
Dongli Zhan retracted his gaze and looked at the God Word Master. Did the Cosmos Court still have a trump card?
At this moment, the space behind the God Word Master suddenly split apart. In the next moment, a terrifying pressure suddenly surged out!
Seeing this scene, Dongli Zhan's face sank.
The Cosmos Court still had a trump card!
Very soon, a middle-aged man riding a horse slowly walked out. The middle-aged man wore a dark golden battle armor. The armor was as smooth as a mirror and it emitted a strange light. One look and anyone could tell that it was an extraordinary item!
Beneath him, the horse wasn't an ordinary horse either. It had two tails and a horn on its head that was as long as a sharp blade.
Its body was huge, several times the size of a horse. Its entire body was pitch black and its four legs were covered in flames!
More importantly, this horse was at the Heavenly Wei Realm!
War beast!
A powerful demonic beast specially nurtured by the Cosmos Court!
As for the middle-aged man, he was the commander of the Temple Knights, Li Daopan!
He was also a Mortal Realm expert!
The moment Li Daopan appeared, a group of cavalry followed him out!
Temple Knights!
The cavalry that the Cosmos Court nurtured themselves!
There were more than 1,200 of them!
All of them were peak Heavenly Wei Realm experts. Their auras were even stronger than the Imperial Divine Guards of the Undying Emperor Clan!
At this moment, the God Word Master suddenly said, "Kill the Spirit Ancestor first!"
Spirit Ancestor!
The Spirit Ancestor had crippled their God Word Masters. He had to die!
Actually, in the Cosmos Court, other than the protectors of the laws of the universe, the God Word Hall's strength was extremely terrifying. They weren't any weaker than the Temple Knights!
However, they were restrained!
They were completely restrained by the Spirit Ancestor!
If not for the Spirit Ancestor, the Cosmos Court wouldn't have needed to reveal so many trump cards to destroy the Undying Emperor Clan!
In the starry sky, Li Daopan's gaze fell on the little white fellow. At the next moment, he pointed at her, "Kill!"
As his voice fell, the 1,200 people behind him swooped down from the starry sky!
As they swooped down, the entire starry sky turned illusory. It was extremely terrifying!
Below, the little white fellow was shocked. She blinked her eyes. She didn't understand why these people wanted to attack her!
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly roared, "They want to snatch your tanghulu!"
Hearing Ye Xuan's words, the God Word Master was stunned. Snatch the tanghulu?
What the hell?
Below, when the little white fellow heard Ye Xuan's words, she was stunned for a moment. Then, she flew into a rage!
Fighting was one thing, but snatching the tanghulu? Wasn't that a sore loser?
Snatching her tanghulu!
How could she tolerate that?
The little white fellow hurriedly hid the tanghulu. Then, she took out a storage ring out of nowhere. Following that, she quickly searched through the storage ring. No one knew what she was looking for …
.....








Chapter 1572
It didn't take long for the white little fellow to flip a box over!
Meanwhile, the group of Templar Knights had charged up to her.
The white little fellow immediately opened the box.
Bang!
A powerful force suddenly swept out from the box. As this force surged out, the Knights Templar were actually forced to a stop by this force!
How terrifying was the strength and speed of the Templar Knights after they charged forward?
Yet at this moment, they were actually forced to a stop by this force!
In the starry sky, the Divine Word Master's eyes were filled with disbelief as he stared fixedly at the black box. At this moment, a black shadow slowly floated out from within the box. Gradually, the black shadow condensed into a little girl that appeared in front of the little white fellow.
The little girl had two horns on her head and a tail!
As soon as the little girl appeared, the white little fellow immediately withdrew a tanghulu and passed it to the little girl.
The little girl licked it, and then she raised her head to gaze at the group of Templar Knights. A trace of viciousness flashed through her eyes, and then she shot into the sky.
The commander of the Templar Knights, Li Daopan, suddenly dove down from midair, and then he stabbed his spear towards the little girl.
However, the little girl didn't dodge at all, and she just punched him!
Bang!
Everyone watched as Li Daopan was forced to a stop, and then the spear in his hand broke apart while Li Daopan was blasted flying!
However, the little girl didn't move at all, and she didn't even take a single step back!
The countless experts of the Cosmos God Court were shocked by this scene!
What sort of strength is that?
The Divine Word Master stared fixedly at the little girl. Where did she come from?
Suddenly, Li Daopan said, "Charge!"
As soon as he finished speaking, the Templar Knights by his side immediately dove down towards the little girl!
Obviously, they intended to gang up on her!
A wisp of a ferocious smile appeared on the corners of the little girl's mouth when she saw the Templar Knights charging at her, and then she suddenly roared furiously.
Bang!
This roar caused the entire starry sky to crack apart!
On the other hand, the Templar Knights stopped in unison. It wasn't them who had stopped, it was the warbeasts beneath them that had stopped. All the warbeasts knelt down slowly and trembled!
Bloodline Suppression!
Seeing this scene, the Knights Templar were dumbfounded!
These Warbeasts were carefully nurtured by the Cosmos God Court. Their bloodlines were not simple. It could be said that even some Divine Beasts could not suppress them with their bloodlines. Moreover, they were all at the peak of the Heaven Wei Realm!
But now, all the beasts were suppressed!
The Divine Oracle was also dumbfounded!
He stared at the little girl. Where did this little girl come from?
At this time, Mu Niannian stopped. All the Master Yan in the Hall of Yan had been killed by her!
Mu Niannian turned to look at the Divine Word Master. That Tendo didn't continue hitting the Divine Word Master. Actually, she was just beating him up symbolically. After all, she wouldn't become a mortal enemy of the Cosmos God Court. The reason why she was beating him up was to give face to the Spirit Ancestor!
However, Mu Niannian was not afraid of becoming enemies with the Cosmos God Court. She immediately disappeared from where she was!
A wisp of sword light slashed straight at the Divine Word Master!
Suddenly, Li Daofan appeared in front of the Divine Word Master. A spear appeared in his hand, and he thrust it forward.
Boom!
A wisp of sword light and spear light suddenly exploded!
Li Daofan turned to look at the Divine Oracle, "Don't hold back anymore!"
With that, he charged straight at Mu Niannian!
The Divine Oracle looked at the situation around him. At this moment, they were still in a stalemate. However, the situation was becoming more and more disadvantageous for them!
Because of the addition of the Spirit Ancestor and the little girl!
The little white fellow had completely wiped out the Divine Oracle army, while the little girl had crippled half of the Knights Templar!
Could a Knight without a horse still be considered a Knight?
Moreover, the Guardians of the Universe, Ma Yi and Mu Xiaodao, were being held back by Dongli Jing and Tu!
It was impossible to determine the victor between the four of them in a short period of time!
The Divine Oracle slowly closed his eyes. He knew that if he wanted to end the battle, just relying on these people wasn't enough!
The most difficult to deal with were the Spirit Ancestor and the little girl!
As long as he could get rid of these two fellows, no, as long as he could restrain them, he would be able to obtain victory!
Because right now, the Cosmos Godly Court had an additional 1,200 Knights Templar!
If these 1,200 Knights Templar were to join the battle, then they would be able to crush everything, including the Undying Emperor Clan's most elite Divine Guard!
After all, the Divine Guard was being held back by the experts of the War Hall and the battle axe experts!
The biggest problem now was the Spirit Ancestor and the little girl!
When he thought up to here, the Divine Oracle suddenly raised his head and looked towards the depths of the starry sky. Then he slowly closed his eyes and chanted swiftly.
He wasn't chanting, and he seemed to be summoning something.
The little white fellow blinked when she saw this scene. She pointed at the Divine Oracle, and then she looked at the little girl.
The little girl licked her candied fruit and said, "He might be about to surrender!"
The little white fellow was speechless.
Right at this moment, the space above the little girl suddenly split open. In the next moment, an enormous mirror floated out slowly. As soon as the mirror appeared, the boundless starry sky in the surroundings started to tremble, and then boundless stellar energy surged towards the mirror.
The Divine Reflection Mirror!
It was a precious treasure of the Cosmos Godly Court!
In the boundless starry sky, boundless stellar energy surged towards the Divine Reflection Mirror. It wasn't just the stellar energy from this starry sky, even the stellar energy from the surrounding starry sky was surging towards it!
The little girl gazed at the Divine Reflection Mirror indifferently, and she continued to lick her candied fruit.
The little white fellow was licking her candied fruit as well. However, there was something wrong with her gaze when she looked at the Divine Reflection Mirror … It seemed as if she was looking at candied fruit …
Right at this moment, a dazzling pillar of starlight suddenly erupted from the Divine Reflection Mirror. The pillar of starlight was over 1km long, and it descended straight down from the starry sky. Its target was the little girl and the little white fellow!
The little girl placed the candied fruit in her mouth, and she slowly clenched her right fist. She was about to attack when the little white fellow suddenly stopped her and pointed at herself.
She indicated that she should do it!
The little girl thought for a moment, and then she nodded.
The little white fellow suddenly floated up and watched as the pillar of starlight descended. She didn't show any fear at all. On the contrary, she seemed to be very excited …
Actually, both she and the little girl weren't in their main bodies. They were just clones, and clones consumed energy!
If she wanted to play a little longer, then she had to absorb energy!
Under normal circumstances, she wouldn't take the initiative to absorb energy at will because that would destroy the balance!
If she did that, then the spiritual energy of an entire universe might vanish!
That would cause the deaths of many living beings!
But now, she wasn't going to refuse the energy that was being offered to her!
In front of everyone's eyes, the little white fellow suddenly flew up and directly entered the starlight pillar.
Everyone was speechless.
It didn't take long for the pillar of starlight to vanish!
After that, the little white fellow appeared before everyone's eyes. At this moment, she was even more solid than before!
She'd directly absorbed it!
The Divine Word Master and the others were stunned!
She'd absorbed such powerful energy just like that?
The Divine Word Master seemed to have thought of something, and his expression suddenly turned unsightly.
He didn't know much about the Spirit Ancestor because the Cosmos Godly Court didn't have one.
But now it seemed like the Spirit Ancestor was absolutely immune to all energy!
Not only was she immune to it, she could even absorb it!
However, that wasn't the end of it. Meanwhile, the little white fellow raised her head to look at the mirror, and she waved her little claw. The mirror trembled slightly before it transformed into a ray of starlight that flew over to the little white fellow. The little white fellow tossed the Divine Reflection Mirror into her spatial ring, and then she peeked at the surroundings. When she noticed that everyone was looking at her, she hesitated for a moment, and then she covered her eyes with a very embarrassed expression.
Everyone was speechless.
Meanwhile, the little white fellow gazed at the Divine Word Master, raised the Divine Looking Mirror, and grinned as if she was thanking him.
The Divine Word Master almost spat out a mouthful of blood!
The most shocking thing was that the little fellow's expression wasn't filled with ridicule at all. She was really thanking him ….
At this moment, the one thousand two hundred Knights Templar seemed to have received some kind of order. They dashed toward Ye Xuan directly!
Ye Xuan and the others were currently engaged in a fierce battle with the mysterious scythe-wielding experts. Since the Templars had suddenly joined the fray, they definitely wouldn't be able to stop them!
Suddenly, Ye Xuan roared angrily, "Retreat!"
As he spoke, he led over 100 people to retreat behind the little girl and Little White!
The little girl sized up Ye Xuan and was about to speak when Ye Xuan took out a stick of candied hawthorn and gave it to the little girl. "Brother, here!"
The little girl blinked, and then said seriously, "We're all on the same side. What's the use of this?"
As she spoke, she put the candied hawthorn away without batting an eyelid!
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Meanwhile, the Templars had already charged over.
Ye Xuan tugged on the little girl's clothes lightly. "Can you beat them?"
The little girl shook her head.
Ye Xuan's expression froze!
The little girl suddenly put the candied hawthorn in her mouth. "Little White, I'll hold them back. Call for reinforcements!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she leaped up and charged forward!
Boom!
The little girl was like a bomb. The moment she charged forward, over 10 Templars were smashed into smithereens!
Her strength was truly too terrifying!
Call for reinforcements!
Ye Xuan looked at the little white fella. The little white fella blinked, and then she closed her eyes slowly. She started waving her little claws.
Seeing this, the God Word Master's expression changed drastically. He hurriedly roared angrily, "Hurry up and stop her. Don't let her call for reinforcements!"
He finally understood!
None of the people this little fella called for were normal!
As soon as the God Word Master's voice landed, the surrounding experts charged towards the little white fella.
Ye Xuan led over 100 Undying Clan demons and charged forward!
He had to buy time for this little fella!
He was very clear that the Undying Emperor Clan's overall strength couldn't compare to the Cosmos God Court. Now, he had to borrow the strength of the little white fella and the little girl. Otherwise, the Undying Emperor Clan would be in a very difficult situation!
At this moment, the little white fella suddenly muttered.
It wasn't human language!
It was beast language!
In the distance, the God Word Master's expression suddenly turned malevolent. He slowly closed his eyes and chanted some ancient incantations. Gradually, a mysterious black hole appeared behind him. It was unknown where this mysterious black hole was connected to. An extremely powerful aura slowly seeped out of it …
He was also calling for reinforcements!
Both sides were calling for reinforcements!
Now, it was a competition of connections!
.....
PS: Tomorrow will be even more exciting!
Everyone can follow my official WeChat account: Green Luan Peak.
There's my handsome picture!
There's a poem: If you don't see the Green Luan in your life, it's all in vain to please all the handsome men. Once you see the Green Luan, you'll miss your whole life. People call you Guizhou's Wu Yifan!
...








Chapter 1573
In the starry sky, the battle was getting more and more intense and bitter!
The Undying Emperor Clan's Undying Blood Cavalry had less than six hundred men left, while their enemies, the Great Xing Dynasty's cavalry, had less than twenty thousand men left!
The cavalry of both sides were still charging wildly!
Neither side chose to retreat, nor did they dare to retreat!
A cavalry charge was all about momentum!
Whoever retreated would die!
Very quickly, both sides began a new round of clashes!
Below, the Undying Emperor Clan's dao soldiers were also fighting the Great Xing Dynasty's army!
This battlefield was still fine, because the Undying Emperor Clan not only had dao soldiers, but also experts from the Seventh and Eighth Dimensions, and the Ten Realms!
It could be said that the Undying Emperor Clan was already crushing the Great Xing Dynasty's army!
And of the two hundred thousand Great Xing Dynasty's army, only less than a hundred thousand remained!
On the other side, the Great Xing Dynasty's Golden Armor Guards were also being held up by Ye Xuan's demonic beasts!
Although the group of Golden Armored Guards was powerful, they really couldn't do anything to these Demonic Beasts. Although these Demonic Beasts didn't look good, their strength was really indescribable. Especially their physical bodies, it was too terrifying!
The most intense battle was between the Undying Emperor Clan's elite troops and the experts of the Cosmos God Court!
The Undying Emperor Clan's Shadow Guards and Dark Hall's battle was the strangest. Both sides were assassins, and assassins fought assassins. Strength was not the only thing that mattered, but also the details!
In the starry sky, black shadows would occasionally flash past between the two sides …
Both sides had people falling, but no one knew who those people were, and no one even knew when they died!
Both sides knew that they had to stop the other side!
Otherwise, if one side's assassins joined the battle below, it would be a huge disaster for the other side!
For example, if the Great Xing Dynasty's cavalry cooperated with the Shadow Guards to fight the Great Xing Dynasty's cavalry, they could easily destroy the entire Great Xing Dynasty's cavalry!
Assassins were all about sneak attacks, and on the battlefield, the most terrifying thing was to be sneak attacked!
Thus, the assassins of both sides were doing their best to stop the other side!
The most intense battle was between the Undying Emperor Clan's Imperial Guards and the Battle Hall's experts, as well as the Battle-axe experts!
As the strongest army of the Undying Emperor Clan, there was naturally no need to doubt the battle prowess of the Imperial Guards. As for the experts of the Battle Hall, they were also extremely powerful. Thus, the battle between the two parties was world-shaking and the most bitter!
Because the experts from both sides, even if they were missing arms and legs, were still fighting crazily …
A true battle to the death!
Marshal Mu Tian and Dongli Zhan didn't make a move in the starry sky. Because the armies on both sides were under the command of the two of them!
Of course, Marshal Mu Tian was more anxious at this moment!
This was because of the 200,000 elites of the Great Xing Dynasty that he had brought with him. Now, there were less than 100,000 left!
In at most an hour, his soldiers would be eaten!
And he had no way of transferring people from other places to help!
Originally, his only hope was the Cosmos God Court's Saint Palace Regiment. As long as these Saint Palace Regiment charged downwards, he would be able to turn the tables!
However, those beasts were directly suppressed by the little girl's bloodline!
The Knights Templar's combat power was crippled by at least 30%!
Moreover, the Knights Templar were actually held back by that little girl!
Actually, the ones who were hurt the most were Teacher Yan from before!
These Teacher Yans were truly terrifying!
There were less than a thousand of them, but they could stop an army of hundreds of thousands!
However, he was directly crippled by the Spirit Ancestor!
Now, Mu Tian could only place his hopes on the Divine Word Master. He hoped that the Divine Word Master would call over some more formidable experts!
Otherwise, it wouldn't be long before the outcome of the battle would be decided!
Right at this moment, the space behind the Divine Word Master suddenly trembled violently. In the next moment, a woman walked out from within!
The woman wore a simple cotton dress, her long hair was tied up high, and she carried a sword on her back!
A Guardian of the Universe!
At the sight of this, Ye Xuan, who was fighting below, suddenly paled!
Another Guardian of the Universe, and it was a Swordsman!
Just a glance was enough to tell that she wasn't an ordinary Swordsman!
At the instant that the woman walked out, her gaze descended onto Ye Xuan. In the next moment, she suddenly took a step forward, and as her foot descended, a strand of sword light flashed.
Hiss!
A sword had arrived above Ye Xuan's head!
Ye Xuan didn't dodge, and he allowed the sword to enter his body.
Bang!
A powerful energy suddenly erupted from within his body.
He absorbed it directly!
Ye Xuan heaved a sigh of relief in his heart after he absorbed it!
Actually, he was slightly afraid. After all, this woman was clearly an ordinary sword, and he wasn't sure if he could absorb an ordinary sword!
Fortunately, he could!
Perhaps it was because he was at the Mortal Realm as well. If he hadn't attained the Mortal Realm, then this attack would definitely have taken his life!
The woman immediately retreated into the starry sky when she saw her sword being absorbed. She gazed at Ye Xuan while her beautiful brows knit together slightly, and there was a trace of bewilderment in her eyes!
Meanwhile, the Divine Word Master suddenly said, "Miss Seventh Sword, ignore the person with the Adversity Body. Deal with the little white fellow below first!"
The woman called Seventh Sword gazed at the little white fellow below. In the next moment, she vanished on the spot, and a strand of sword light slashed towards the little white fellow!
Ye Xuan's expression instantly changed when he witnessed this scene, and he charged over to the little white fellow and blocked this attack for her!
Bang!
Ye Xuan absorbed the strand of sword light once more!
Seventh Sword returned to her original position once more!
She gazed at Ye Xuan with her large eyes filled with bewilderment.
Meanwhile, Mu Tian spoke abruptly from afar, "Miss Seventh Sword, this person's physique is special. He can absorb swords!"
He can devour swords!
Sword Qi sized up Ye Xuan, and then she vanished on the spot in the next moment!
Ye Xuan didn't dodge at all, and he just allowed the woman to stab him with her sword!
However, right when the sword was about to stab him, the sword in the woman's hand suddenly vanished, and then she slammed her fist against Ye Xuan's chest.
Bang!
Ye Xuan's entire body was blasted flying for thousands of meters away, and he smashed the space there into pieces ….
Ye Xuan was slightly stunned in the shattered space. Dammit! This woman cultivates both the sword and the martial arts?
Ye Xuan didn't think too much about it, and he immediately lay flat on the ground. Fortunately, he possessed the Undying Bloodline and a formidable physical body. Otherwise, he might have died just now!
After the woman blasted Ye Xuan away with her fist, she slashed at the little white fellow that was still summoning!
The little white fellow was very serious about summoning, and no one knew who she was summoning …. When she saw the sword slashing towards her, she blinked, and then hurriedly took out an ancient broken shield from her storage ring and placed it in front of her ….
Bang!
The woman's sword slashed at the broken shield, and it trembled violently. The little white fellow was completely unharmed, but the woman herself was blasted thousands of meters away!
After the woman stopped, she looked at her right hand. Her right hand had actually cracked!
The woman looked at the broken shield in front of the little white fellow, and her eyes were filled with disbelief. Because the power of her sword strike had been completely reflected back at her!
What kind of shield is this?
After the woman was blasted back, the little white fellow continued summoning!
She was summoning a little too much!
Meanwhile, the Divine Word Master in the starry sky wasn't idle either. He was summoning as well!
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly appeared in front of the little white fellow. He looked at the broken shield and gulped. "Bai, can you lend this to me?"
The little white fellow looked at Ye Xuan, and she was somewhat hesitant.
Ye Xuan took out a stick of candied hawthorn and handed it to her!
The little white fellow didn't hesitate at all, and she immediately handed the ancient shield to Ye Xuan!
Ye Xuan picked up the ancient shield with some excitement. The moment he picked up the ancient shield, he immediately felt a mysterious power!
It was the power of this ancient shield!
Ye Xuan opened his right hand, and the Sword Spirit appeared in his hand. He looked at the woman in the cotton dress and laughed. "Come and fight!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he charged at the Seventh Swordsman!
In the distance, the sword in the Seventh Swordsman's hand disappeared. She knew that she couldn't use her sword to deal with this person!
The Seventh Swordsman punched out, and his fist flashed!
The moment the Seventh Swordsman punched out, Ye Xuan blocked with the shield in front of him.
Boom!
As the fist flashed, the Seventh Swordsman was blasted thousands of feet away. Along the way, the space collapsed and was annihilated!
Ye Xuan was a little stunned!
Was it really that terrifying?
Ye Xuan looked at the ancient shield in his hand, and he was shocked to the extreme.
This was the Guardian of the Universe!
Defeated by this shield?
What kind of godly and heaven-defying thing was this!
In the distance, the Seventh Swordsman was also a little stunned.
What the hell had he encountered?
This guy could swallow swords, and he had this strange shield … How could he fight?
The Seventh Swordsman felt a little sullen at this moment!
At this moment, the Divine Word Master suddenly looked at Mu Xiaodao below. "Miss Mu, you guys switch opponents!"
Mu Xiaodao's opponent was Tu!
Hearing the Divine Word Master's words, Mu Xiaodao directly rushed at the distant Ye Xuan. She had long wanted to fight Ye Xuan!
The Seventh Swordsman rushed at Tu!
Both of them were top-rate Swordsman. As soon as they fought, sword light shot out violently and violently!
As for Mu Xiaodao, a throwing knife arrived first as she charged at Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan didn't feel any pressure at all, and he blocked it with his shield.
Bang!
The throwing knife was directly ricocheted off and slashed at Mu Xiaodao at an extremely terrifying speed!
Mu Xiaodao blinked and hurriedly opened her palm, causing a throwing knife to fly out.
Bang!
The two throwing knives exploded into nothingness as soon as they came into contact!
Mu Xiaodao was extremely shocked when she witnessed this scene, and she looked at the broken shield in Ye Xuan's hand. "What shield is that?"
Ye Xuan twisted his neck and chuckled. "Guess!"
Mu Xiaodao hesitated for a moment and said, "Can you lend it to me?
I'll definitely return it!
I swear on my character! "
Ye Xuan shouted angrily, "You have no morals at all!
You're really bad, woman! "
As soon as he finished speaking, he charged at Mu Xiaodao.
Mu Xiaodao: "…"
On the other side, the space behind the Divine Oracle suddenly trembled violently. In next to no time, countless formidable auras suddenly arose from that expanse of space. At the same time, the starry sky in the surroundings started to tremble violently as if an earthquake was about to occur!
A powerful being was approaching this star domain!
The Divine Word Master looked down at the little white fellow and grinned. "My people have arrived!
Where's yours? "
Competing in numbers?
Who in the ten thousand worlds could fight against the Cosmos God Court?
Below, the little white guy stopped …
...
!!








Chapter 1574
In the starry sky, a group of mysterious white-robed experts walked out from behind the Divine Word Master!
There were a total of 28 white-robed experts. All of them wore black masks, so their faces could not be seen clearly. In their hands, they held some sort of circular flywheel.
Following the appearance of these 28 people, the Divine Word Master heaved a sigh of relief!
The Cosmos Divine Court was huge and mysterious!
How mysterious was it?
It could be said that even he, the Divine Word Master, did not know how powerful the Cosmos Divine Court was!
He also did not know how many halls there were in the Cosmos Divine Court!
Because everyone had their own duties and was in charge of different starfields and universes, many halls did not know each other!
For example, their Yan Hall was only in charge of researching ancient techniques and spells. They rarely interfered in other matters!
This time, they were sent to capture the Sinner of Misfortune under the orders of the Mysterious God Hall!
And these 28 people were from the Mysterious God Hall!
He did not know much about the Mysterious God Hall. He only knew that the Mysterious God Hall was of a higher level than the Yan Hall.
Following the appearance of these 28 people, Dongli Zhan's face instantly darkened!
The Cosmos Divine Court had sent more experts!
Moreover, the cultivation of these mysterious white-robed people had already surpassed the Heavenly Wei Realm!
The Cosmos Divine Court was stronger than he had expected!
At this moment, the leading white-robed expert suddenly took off his mask. It was an old face!
The Mysterious God Hall's Hall Master, Lin Cang!
Lin Cang's gaze fell on the white little fellow below. When he saw the little fellow, a trace of disappointment flashed across his eyes. "It's just a clone … What a pity!"
If this was the main body, it would be great if the Cosmos Divine Court could control it!
Spirit Ancestor!
Currently, although the Cosmos Divine Court had Spiritual Halls, there was no existence at the level of the Spirit Ancestor!
A Spirit Ancestor was really very useful!
Below, the white little fellow had already finished summoning. She took out her candied fruit and continued to lick it.
This time, she had summoned a lot of them. She was very tired!
She had to replenish herself!
Lin Cang shook his head again. "What a pity!"
If this was the main body of the Spirit Ancestor, he would have brought it to the Cosmos Divine Court regardless of the price!
Unfortunately, it wasn't!
However, it didn't matter. Since he had a clone, it meant that he had a main body. After this matter was over, with the strength of the Cosmos God Court, it wouldn't be difficult for them to find the main body of the Spirit Ancestor!
Lin Cang looked at the nearby Ye Xuan. At this moment, Ye Xuan was still fighting with Mu Xiaodao!
At this moment, Mu Xiaodao was extremely angry because she couldn't do anything to Ye Xuan because he had this worn-out ancient shield!
That shield had a hundred percent chance of reflecting damage!
How were they supposed to play?
However, Ye Xuan couldn't do anything to her!
Both sides were in a stalemate!
At this time, Lin Cang suddenly said, "Kill!"
As soon as he finished speaking, a white-robed powerhouse behind him suddenly took a step forward. In the next moment, the flywheel in his hand directly flew out.
Chi!
An extremely ear piercing sound of tearing resounded abruptly!
In the distance, Ye Xuan's expression suddenly changed. He turned around and raised his shield to block.
Boom!
The flywheel was blasted flying, and it slashed towards the white-robed powerhouse at an extremely terrifying speed!
The white-robed powerhouse was slightly stunned. He hadn't expected that Ye Xuan's shield would be so terrifying that it could actually reflect damage!
Right at this moment, Lin Cang suddenly pressed his right hand forward lightly, and then the flywheel was forced to stop around 3m in front of him.
Lin Cang gazed at Ye Xuan, and then he pressed his finger lightly against the flywheel.
Bang!
The space in front of Ye Xuan was suddenly obliterated. Ye Xuan's expression changed drastically, and he immediately raised his shield to block it.
Bang!
An explosion resounded, and then Ye Xuan was suddenly pushed 3km back. However, the space in front of Lin Cang had been obliterated as well. However, Lin Cang wasn't injured at all.
Lin Cang furrowed his brows. This ancient shield was more than a little strange!
In the distance, after Ye Xuan came to a stop, his face fell, because he realized that the mysterious power in his ancient shield seemed to have disappeared!
It was gone!
If that mysterious energy didn't exist, then it might be impossible to reflect damage!
Ye Xuan hurriedly ran over to the white fellow. The white fellow blinked, and then it lightly blew a mouthful of violet energy into the shield.
Bang!
The shield seemed to have been activated, and it instantly emanated a mysterious dark glow. Moreover, that mysterious energy had appeared once more!
Ye Xuan blinked, "It needs to replenish its energy?"
The little fellow nodded.
Ye Xuan was slightly speechless. So it turns out that it needs to replenish its energy. Fortunately, I have violet energy as well!
Lin Cang gazed at Ye Xuan, "Attack together!"
Obviously, he didn't intend to fight Chen Xi by himself!
Ganging up on him was the way to go!
As soon as he finished speaking, Lin Cang took the lead and charged towards Ye Xuan. Behind him were 27 experts that had surpassed the Heavenly Dao Realm!
They intended to kill Ye Xuan!
Ye Xuan's expression gradually became ferocious when he saw the 27 of them charge at him. He knew that he couldn't defeat them even with the shield. After all, Mu Xiaodao was glaring fiercely from the side and was ready to attack at any moment!
However, he had to fight even if he couldn't defeat them!
Ye Xuan held the Sword Spirit tightly in his right hand and was about to activate his bloodline. Meanwhile, the white fellow by his side suddenly pressed down on him with its little claw.
Ye Xuan turned to look at the little fellow. The little fellow grinned, and then it pointed its little claw towards the sky.
Ye Xuan raised his head. Right at this moment, a black shadow suddenly shot into the sky.
Bang!
The sky suddenly turned pitch black, and Lin Cang who was charging at the front was forcefully stopped on the spot by a powerful force!
In front of him was a bull. To be more precise, it was an enormous bull that was the size of a hill!
It was this bull that had forcefully stopped Lin Cang!
Little bull!
The demon beast that was cultivating in Xiao Ta's body!
However, the experts behind Lin Cang weren't stopped, and they charged directly at Ye Xuan. But right at this moment, the surrounding starry sky suddenly trembled. In the next moment, countless furious roars resounded in the surrounding starry sky!
The furious roars of demon beasts!
As the furious roars resounded, the space behind the white fellow suddenly split open. In the next moment, countless powerful demon beasts suddenly charged out and collided with the group of experts from the God Mystery Palace!
There were a lot of demon beasts, and a few thousand of them charged out. Moreover, more were charging out ceaselessly ….
Rumble!
The 27 experts were caught off guard and were directly knocked flying.
Shen Yan and Lin Cang were stunned!
At this moment, there were tens of thousands of demon beasts in the starry sky, and there were all sorts of demon beasts. That wasn't the main point, the main point was that the weakest among them was at the peak of the Heavenly Dao Realm!
Where did they come from?
Right at this moment, the demon beasts turned around to look at the white fellow, and then they laid down in a subservient manner.
The white fellow grinned and raised its little claw lightly. The demon beasts slowly stood up, but their eyes were filled with reverence and excitement as they gazed at the white fellow!
Where did all these demon beasts come from?
All of them had received the white fellow's kindness in the past!
The white fellow didn't have a good impression of humans, but she had a good impression of demon beasts!
She'd gone to so many places with the green clothed man, and she'd met many demon beasts along the way. Moreover, her violet energy was simply something that could change the fate of demon beasts!
The Spiritual Energy of the Spirit Ancestor!
So, when they heard the white fellow's call, the demon beasts tore through the starry sky and charged over!
Actually, there were still some powerful demon beasts on the way ….
The Heaven God stared fixedly at the Spirit Ancestor, and he was about to speak. Meanwhile, the white little fellow slapped its claw forward. In an instant, the starry sky in the surroundings suddenly trembled violently. In the next moment, countless pieces of space were torn apart, and then countless spirits charged out!
They were all Spirits of Heaven and Earth, and they were densely packed together!
There were even some Tendo Spirits from other worlds amongst them ….
Most of these Tendo Spirits had received the Spirit Ancestor's kindness in the past, and some had rushed over after hearing the Spirit Ancestor's call!
The Spirit Ancestor's call!
She had to come!
It didn't take long for a few hundred thousand Spirits of Heaven and Earth to appear in the starry sky, and they surrounded the white fellow intimately when they saw her.
Besides that, there were over 100,000 demon beasts. Of course, only 36,000 were at the peak of the Heavenly Might Realm, and most of the demon beasts that had rushed over were at the Divine Guard Realm!
Most importantly, there was an endless stream of demon beasts rushing over!
At this moment, the numbers on both sides had been completely reversed!
Shen Yan stared fixedly at the demon beasts and Spirits of Heaven and Earth, and then he withdrew a Divine Decree and spoke in a low voice, "We've been ordered by the Divine Decree to capture the sinner of Misfortune. If you dare to help the sinner of Misfortune, then you'll suffer for eternity …."
At this moment, the little white fellow threw the candied hawthorn stick at the God Firmament. Then, she pointed her little claw at the God Firmament angrily and babbled, but no one knew what she was saying …
It didn't take long for the powerful demon beasts to charge towards Shen Yan's group!
At the same time, the Spirits of Heaven and Earth charged towards Shen Yan's group as well!
What Cosmos Court?
They didn't know them at all!
The Cosmos Court was too mysterious!
The number of people who knew about them was too little!
Of course, it was useless even if they knew. Could the Spirit Ancestor's appeal lose to the Cosmos Court?
Shen Yan's face instantly turned extremely unsightly when he saw the Spirits of Heaven and Earth charging towards him. He suddenly opened his palm, and a golden talisman shot into the sky. The golden talisman entered the starry sky and transformed into a huge teleportation formation!
It didn't take long for a strange aura to sweep out from within the teleportation formation!
It was still calling for help!
The Mystery Palace couldn't compare to the Divine Speech Palace. The Mystery Palace controlled the 36 palaces, and the experts they could mobilize weren't something the Divine Speech Masters could compare to!
Shen Yan stared fixedly at the white little fellow, "You want to compare people?
I'm afraid you can't compete with me! "
"Really?"
At this moment, the space behind the little white fellow suddenly split open. In the next moment, a man in green slowly walked out …
.....
PS: Ask for a ticket!
!!








Chapter 1575
"Is that so?"
As soon as these words resounded, the surroundings suddenly fell silent!
At a certain spot in the shadows, the mysterious woman who'd been protecting Ye Xuan trembled slightly. She turned around and looked behind the little white fellow. A green clothed man was walking out slowly from there.
The green clothed man looked very young, and he looked very similar to Ye Xuan. Moreover, there was a trace of a smile on his face, and it was a very calm smile.
It was still that familiar smile!
The mysterious woman gazed at the green clothed man with an extremely complicated expression in her eyes.
On the other hand, some experts from the Undying Imperial Clan gazed at the green clothed man as well!
When they saw the green-clothed man, the expressions of the Undying Emperor Clan experts immediately became complicated!
Especially Dongli Zhan!
He'd been hiding in the shadows during that battle, and that was why he hadn't died!
Moreover, he'd personally witnessed this man slaughter the Undying Imperial Clan, and he'd even almost annihilated them!
Now, he'd appeared once more!
The little white fellow instantly grinned when she saw the green clothed man, and then she flew over to him and rubbed her head against his forehead in an extremely intimate manner!
The green clothed man grinned, and then he rubbed the little white fellow while his eyes were filled with affection!
Lin Cang stared fixedly at the green clothed man, "This isn't your main body!"
He'd noticed that this wasn't the man's main body, but his voice still carried a trace of seriousness!
Because he couldn't sense the aura of this clone!
Who exactly is he?
Actually, the Cosmos Court had investigated the people behind Ye Xuan. However, they'd placed their focus on the woman in a simple dress because she'd attacked many times.
They knew a little about the green clothed man, Dao Yi, but they didn't know much about him!
The green clothed man didn't answer Lin Cang. Instead, he gazed at Ye Xuan, and he grinned when he saw Ye Xuan, "We meet again!"
Ye Xuan fell silent for a moment before he said, "Should I call you father or senior?"
Actually, Ye Xuan wasn't stupid, and he'd guessed the green clothed man's identity a long time ago!
They had the same bloodline, and they even looked alike …. Even an idiot would know what was going on!
The green-robed man smiled and said, "Just call me father!
Calling me senior doesn't sound nice! "
Ye Xuan was just about to ask something when the green clothed man said, "I know you have many questions, but this clone of mine doesn't have the time to waste. So, I'll answer them for you in the future!"
Ye Xuan thought about it and nodded. "Alright!"
The green-robed man looked up at the Seventh Swordsman, who was fighting with Tu. The next moment, he pointed with his fingers.
Chi!
A wisp of Sword Qi pierced through the air!
Up in the sky, Seventh Swordsman's expression changed drastically. She suddenly held her sword with both hands and slashed forward.
This was an all-out attack!
However, the sword in her hand shattered as soon as it descended. In the next moment, her figure was blasted flying. As she flew, her body was obliterated inch by inch. It wasn't just her body, even her soul was being obliterated!
However, at the instant when she was about to perish, a mysterious force suddenly enveloped her, and then she vanished.
The azure-robed man looked into the depths of the starry sky and smiled. He did not attack again!
He could kill the other party, but there was no need to!
She was just a nobody!
The expressions of the experts of the Cosmos Court changed when they saw the azure-robed man attack!
Especially Shen Firmament who led the group!
He almost killed a protector in an instant with a single attack?
At this moment, Shen Firmament's heart was on the verge of collapse!
After all, the strength of the protectors of the Laws of the Cosmos Court was extremely terrifying. In a one on one battle, such protectors could fight on par with anyone, including him!
However, he was almost killed in an instant just now?
On the other side, Mu Xiaodao gazed at the azure-robed man, blinked, and then turned around and fled!
She'd confirmed that she absolutely couldn't defeat him!
Mu Xiaodao didn't hesitate at all to flee!
In her opinion, she would absolutely not make pointless sacrifices.
If she could win, then she would fight; if she couldn't, then she would flee!
Life was so beautiful, so she had to cherish it!
The woman in linen clothes didn't flee. She just gazed at the azure-robed man with a solemn expression in her eyes!
The azure-robed man gazed at where Er Ya was. At this moment, Er Ya was in an intense battle with the Divine Hall Knights, and they couldn't do anything to her at all. If it was in terms of physical defense, then she could be said to be the best in the universe!
Even the green-robed man, one of the Three Swords, who had cultivated his physical body, was no match for her!
She was the Ancestor of Evil Beasts, and on top of that, she followed the little white fellow every day. She drank the Primordial Purple Vapor almost every day … How could she not be number one?
Meanwhile, the green clothed man suddenly slashed with his sword!
A ray of sword light flashed through the battlefield!
Chi …
In the sky, the heads of the 1,200 over Knights Templar flew out, before falling neatly to the ground …
The surroundings suddenly fell deathly silent!
One sword to kill over one thousand two hundred peak Heaven Wei Realm experts!
How were they supposed to play?
Those Cosmos God Court experts were in despair!
At this moment, the little white fellow by the green clothed man's side suddenly pointed at Shen Tian, and then it waved its little claws swiftly. No one knew what it was trying to say.
A moment later, the green-robed man looked at the Firmament God. The Firmament God glared at the green-robed man and said, "My people are here!"
Just as he finished speaking, the black hole behind him suddenly emitted an extremely powerful aura. This aura was powerful, but it also carried a trace of antiquity. It didn't seem to belong to this era!
Who was it that came?
Everyone gazed at the black hole. All the experts on the Undying Imperial Clan's side had extremely solemn expressions on their faces.
Suddenly, the green-robed man drew his sword and slashed.
Hiss!
A strand of sword light entered the spatial black hole. After a moment of silence, a bloody head rolled out from within the spatial black hole!
Moreover, the powerful and ancient aura had vanished!
Everyone was petrified!
The Firmament God's face turned pale, and he was terrified to the point of retreating repeatedly. At this moment, he was truly terrified!
He was dead just like that!
A peerless expert hadn't even shown his face yet had died just like that!
Exactly what realm is this green-robed man at?
The green-robed man gazed at the Firmament God and smiled, "I won't bully you!
Why don't you call some more people over?
It's best if you call the Universe Laws behind your Cosmos Court!
To tell you the truth, I've been looking for them for a very long time!
I have no other intentions. I just want to chat and drink some tea! "
The Universe Laws!
Tu took a deep and long glance at the green-robed man!
Just as she'd guessed, both this fellow and that woman were looking for the Universe Laws!
However, even with their strength, could they not find them?
The Firmament God looked at Ye Xuan, "Your Excellency, you sure talk big!"
The Universe Laws were above the Cosmos Court, yet this man wanted to challenge them?
Below, the green-robed man smiled, "Actually, I've been to your Cosmos Court before. Unfortunately, the Universe Laws aren't there. As for you …"
As he spoke, he looked at Ye Xuan in the distance, "I wanted to leave this to you, but I didn't expect you to leave so quickly!
You've reached the Nine-Dimensional Universe in an instant … "
Ye Xuan, "…"
The green-robed man looked at the Firmament God, "Do you still want to call for more people?
If you do, I can wait for a while! "
The Firmament God fell silent for a moment before saying, "Who are you?"
The green-robed man smiled and pointed at Ye Xuan in the distance, "I'm his father!"
The Firmament God glared at the green-robed man, "Do you know what you're doing?
You're going against the Universe Laws and Order. You're going against the heavens! "
The green-robed man shrugged and smiled, "It's just going against the heavens!
It's not a big deal, I'm used to it anyway! "
The crowd, "…"
The Firmament God suddenly roared furiously, "How dare you!
How dare you blaspheme the heavens … "
Chi!
A strand of sword light suddenly pierced through the Firmament God's forehead!
Boom!
The Firmament God's soul was destroyed!
An instant kill!
Below, the green-robed man shook his head, "My principle is that if people don't offend me, I won't offend them. If the heavens don't offend me, I won't offend the heavens. If the heavens offend me, then I'll destroy the heavens!"
Destroy the heavens!
Everyone was looking at the green-robed man!
Such a light sentence, yet it caused everyone present to tremble in fear!
Especially the experts from the Undying Emperor Clan!
This man had almost annihilated the Undying Emperor Clan!
At this moment, the Undying Emperor Clansmen finally understood one thing. That is, even the Cosmos God Court was powerless in front of this green-robed male!
Moreover, this man was just a clone!
All those years ago, the Undying Emperor Clan had offended this man … Weren't they tired of living?
Meanwhile, the woman in linen clothes spoke abruptly, "Sir, we're not targeting him for no reason. He's a sinner with a Calamity Body, and every day he lives is going against the Order of the Universe!
This world needs Order, right? "
The green-robed man smiled, "Are you going to reason with me now?"
The woman spoke softly, "Are you willing to?"
The green-robed man shook his head and smiled. "If my son is really a heinous person, you don't need to do anything. I will end him myself!
However, from the time he was born until now, what had he done wrong?
He doesn't seem to have done anything, but all of you almost killed him as soon as he was born. Do you think that's right? "
The woman spoke in a low voice, "He has a Calamity Body!"
The green-robed man smiled, "Does a Calamity Body deserve to die?"
As he spoke, he placed his thumb on the hilt of his sword.
The woman in linen clothes looked at the green-robed man without any fear in her eyes. Just as she was about to speak, Mu Xiaodao, who had escaped earlier, returned!
Mu Xiaodao hurriedly stopped the woman in linen clothes. She looked at the green-robed man and smiled, "Boss, can I say something?"
The green-robed man smiled, "Of course you can!"
Mu Xiaodao said seriously, "A Calamity Body doesn't deserve to die, just like a sword. A sword is a killing weapon, but there's no good or bad sword!
A good person can do good with a sword, but a bad person can do evil with a sword. So, it doesn't mean that a Calamity Body deserves to die! "
As she spoke, she pointed at Ye Xuan in the distance, "I think your son is a good person!
Although he has a Calamity Body, he's loyal, kind, and honest … So what if he has a Calamity Body?
Many people who don't have a Calamity Body are still heinous. So, whether someone is bad or not doesn't depend on their physique!
As for [Order] … [Order] wasn't something that couldn't be changed, it could be changed!
The law is nothing more than human feelings! "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Everyone: "…"
The green-robed man looked at Mu Xiaodao and shook his head with a smile. "Little girl, your words … I'm embarrassed to kill someone!"
.....
!!








Chapter 1576
Needless to say, the expressions of everyone here were quite strange!
Is Mu Xiaodao really from the Cosmos Court?
As for the experts of the Cosmos Court, they were looking at Mu Xiaodao as well because they'd been shocked by what she'd said!
Is that something a Guardian of the Universe would say?
A sinner isn't guilty?
Isn't that overturning the order of the universe?
She's going to be incinerated!
On the other hand, Ye Xuan's face darkened. He was naturally aware of her little tricks!
Actually, he admired her a little as well!
She really knew how to be strong and cowardly at the same time!
Ye Xuan glanced at the green clothed man but didn't speak.
He knew that the green clothed man was definitely aware of Mu Xiaodao's tricks!
Everyone was looking at the green clothed man, and it was up to the green clothed man to decide whether to kill Mu Xiaodao or not!
The green clothed man suddenly gazed at Ye Xuan and smiled, "What do you think?"
Ye Xuan fell silent.
He knew what the green clothed man meant.
Actually, it was up to Ye Xuan to decide whether to kill him or not!
Everyone was looking at Ye Xuan!
Ye Xuan glanced at the surroundings. There were countless corpses and blood all around him, and most of them belonged to the Undying Emperor Clan!
Ye Xuan's face was emotionless, "Kill!"
Kill!
Mu Xiaodao's expression instantly changed drastically when she heard Ye Xuan, and she hurriedly said, "Everyone, retreat immediately!"
As soon as she finished speaking, the experts of the Cosmos Court retreated!
The green clothed man gazed at Ye Xuan and smiled, "I can kill you!
But you'll have to pay the price! "
As soon as he finished speaking, he opened his palm and a sword suddenly flew out. A moment later, heads started falling incessantly from the sky ….
These experts of the Cosmos Court were extremely strong, but they were being slaughtered like lambs at this moment!
No one could stop that ray of light!
The ray of sword light suddenly appeared in front of Mu Xiaodao. Mu Xiaodao's pupils suddenly constricted. She was about to attack, but the ray of sword light stopped. Then, the ray of sword light slashed towards the right, and a dozen heads flew out ….
Mu Xiaodao took Ma Yi and disappeared into the starry sky!
The green-robed man looked at Ye Xuan in the distance and said with a smile, "This girl is smart, you can deal with her yourself in the future."
As he spoke, he opened his palm and the wisp of sword light returned to his hand.
At this moment, countless heads slowly fell from the starry sky, and blood poured down like a torrential rain. It was extremely bloody!
Ye Xuan looked to the other side. The soldiers of the Great Xing Dynasty were still alive. There were sixty to seventy thousand of them. The green-robed man did not kill them!
These people were too weak for him!
However, at this moment, these soldiers from the Great Xing Dynasty had already been surrounded by experts from the Undead Emperor Clan. The one leading them was none other than Marshal Mu Tian!
Mu Tian looked at Ye Xuan, "Young master Ye, we've lost!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Then die!"
With that, he gently waved his right hand, and all the experts swarmed forward!
Mu Tian glared at Ye Xuan. "We are willing to surrender!"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "There's no need!"
Mu Tian slowly closed his eyes. After a while, Mu Tian turned to look at the soldiers. At this moment, all the soldiers were looking at him.
Marshal Mu Tian said softly, "You are not wrong. The one who is wrong is the Emperor. The one who is wrong is me. The one who is wrong is us being too weak …"
As he spoke, he suddenly pulled out the sword at his waist and roared, "Men of the Great Xing Dynasty, although we were not born on the same day, we can die on the same day!
Kill! "
With that, he charged towards the experts from the Undead Emperor Clan.
"Kill!"
Behind him, countless soldiers of the Great Xing Dynasty roared in unison.
Very soon, heads started falling from the sky … naturally, they were the soldiers of the Great Xing Dynasty. Without the help of the peak experts from the Cosmos God Court, they were no match for the Undead Emperor Clan!
The difference in battle power was too great. Moreover, the Undead Emperor Clan had the absolute advantage in numbers!
Massacre!
It was a massacre!
Very soon, the sixty to seventy thousand soldiers all fell to the ground. Mu Tian was also at the very front.
Mu Tian looked into the distance with a dazed expression. The reason why he had come here was to bring these soldiers back. However, he did not expect that all of them would die here!
Blame the Cosmos God Court?
He had no right to blame the Cosmos God Court!
The Great Xing Dynasty owed the Cosmos God Court back then. Now, they were just paying back the debt!
Weakness was the original sin!
Whoever was weak would die.
If the Undead Emperor Clan was weak today, then the entire Undead Emperor Clan would be massacred!
At this moment, Dongli Zhan suddenly said, "Bury Mu Tian's corpse!"
Although they were enemies, these soldiers of the Great Xing Dynasty were very courageous. They were worthy of the respect of the Undead Emperor Clan!
Very soon, someone brought Mu Tian's corpse away.
At this moment, the experts from the Undead Emperor Clan looked at the green-clothed man in the distance.
When they looked at the green-clothed man, some of the experts from the Undead Emperor Clan had a trace of fear in their eyes!
This green-clothed man's strength was too terrifying!
At this moment, the green-clothed man suddenly raised his head and looked at the mysterious woman. The mysterious woman lowered her head slightly and did not speak.
The green-clothed man smiled, "Do you hate me?"
She shook her head.
The green-clothed man spoke softly, "I'm sorry!"
Tears suddenly flowed from the mysterious woman's eyes.
The green-clothed man walked over to the mysterious woman, grabbed her hand, and spoke softly, "Nan 'er!"
Dongli Nan!
That was the mysterious woman's name!
Dongli Nan gazed at the green-clothed man, "I don't blame you!"
The green-clothed man laughed bitterly, "I never expected that woman to not tell you the truth and cause you to misunderstand …"
When he spoke up to this point, his head ached as well!
That woman really did things her own way!
Especially in the past, she wanted to stab anyone she saw to death …
The mysterious woman shook her head, "I don't hate her at all!"
In the past, she had naturally hated that woman. But now, she didn't hate her at all. On the contrary, she was very grateful to her!
Because if it wasn't for her, then Ye Xuan would have died countless times over!
The green-clothed man smiled, "Go look for me?"
The mysterious woman turned around to look at Ye Xuan. She hesitated for a moment before she spoke softly, "I want to accompany him!"
The green-clothed man thought for a moment and nodded, "Alright!"
As he spoke, he looked at Ye Xuan who was nearby, "Shall the three of us take a walk?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
At this moment, the horned little girl followed them. She took out a candied hawthorn and licked it. She stomped her right foot lightly, and she seemed to be quite frivolous!
The little white fellow flew onto the green-clothed man's shoulder!
Just like that, the family walked off into the distance.
The green-clothed man suddenly smiled, "Do you hate me?"
Ye Xuan said with a smile, "I can't defeat you!"
The green-clothed man laughed, "In that case, if you can beat me, then you're going to beat me up?"
Ye Xuan shrugged and didn't speak.
The green-clothed man patted Ye Xuan's shoulder lightly and said softly, "I was much more miserable than you were back then!"
Ye Xuan glanced at the green-clothed man, "How miserable?"
The green-clothed man smiled, "It's all in the past!"
As he spoke, he glanced at Dong Linan who was beside him, "Don't hate your mother. If you want to blame someone, blame that woman!"
Ye Xuan asked, "Qing'er?"
The green-clothed man nodded, "That woman … It's really hard to explain!
If she had explained it back then, everything would have been fine!
Everyone says that I'm crazy. I feel that she's the crazy one. Moreover, she's an abnormal crazy one! "
Dong Linan shook his head, "There's nothing else!"
The green-clothed man shook his head, "Let's not talk about her!"
As he spoke, he looked at Ye Xuan, "Are you curious why she and I didn't go directly to the Cosmos God Court?"
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment and said, "To train me?"
The green-clothed man smiled, "That must be the reason!
Another important reason is that the law of the universe isn't in the Cosmos God Court!
She and I went our separate ways. She was searching for the law of the universe while I was searching for the mysterious person in your body!
To solve the problem of your body, the first is to solve the law of the universe. The second is to find out the origin of the mysterious person in your body and kill him from the root!
In other words, we have to cut off his past life, present life and future life … This way, he can completely cut off his connection with you! "
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Do you have any clues?"
The green-clothed man shook his head, "Not yet!
However, I'm checking, checking one by one!
I won't let any of the top experts go!
Whether they are in the legends or still alive, I won't let any of them go! "
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment and said, "Did you meet anyone you can't beat?"
The green-clothed man smiled, "I don't think so!"
Ye Xuan, "…"
The green-clothed man continued, "The law of the universe is quite troublesome. The problem is that they are too good at hiding!
Even if she and I work together, we can't find where they are hiding. However, they are everywhere!
It's very strange!
There is a way to find them, and that is to destroy the universe. The universe is where they depend on. If the universe is destroyed, they will definitely appear.
However, this is too heartless!
Although I'm not a good person, I really can't do such an inhumane thing!
However … "
At this point, he looked at Ye Xuan, "She almost did that back then!
But fortunately, because of you, this universe is a little more pleasing to her eyes!
Otherwise, she would have gone crazy and massacred the universe! "
Ye Xuan, "…"
Dong Linan said softly, "She probably loves me and my dog!"
The green-clothed man nodded and looked at Ye Xuan, "There is only one reason why she and I didn't take action in the Cosmos God Court. That is, we hoped that you could solve it yourself!
However, just now, you made me take action!
Since I helped you solve the problem in front of you, you have to pay the price!
Are you ready? "
Ye Xuan hurriedly said, "Isn't it natural for a father to help his son?"
The green-clothed man smiled, "You are right, but I am still a little unhappy. Back then, I was so miserable. Why did you live so comfortably?
Let me tell you, this is the last time we help you. In the future, don't expect me or my old friends to help you!
As the price for helping you this time, I have decided to seal all your cultivation and bloodline! "
As his voice fell, he slapped Ye Xuan's shoulder and a wisp of sword qi directly entered Ye Xuan's body.
Boom!
In an instant, Ye Xuan's cultivation was directly suppressed, and the two bloodlines instantly became silent …
Ye Xuan rolled his eyes. "F * ck me. Can I change my father …"
After saying that, he directly fainted.
.....
PS: The most handsome man in the world, who else but me can do it?








Chapter 1577
After Ye Xuan fainted, Dong Linan hurriedly held him.
Dong Linan's eyes were filled with tenderness as she looked at Ye Xuan in her arms.
All these years, she had owed Ye Xuan too much!
Especially towards the end, she had almost caused Ye Xuan's death!
The azure-robed man suddenly looked at Tu and Nian Nian in the distance. His gaze fell on Nian Nian, and he smiled, "Miss, your swordsmanship has reached the peak of the mortal realm. Do you wish to improve?"
Nian Nian nodded, "Please enlighten me!"
The azure-robed man opened his palm, and a ray of white light suddenly entered between Mu Niannian's eyebrows. In the next moment, a map appeared in Mu Niannian's mind.
The azure-robed man said, "Miss, you can go there!"
Mu Niannian looked at Ye Xuan. The azure-robed man smiled, "His path should be taken by himself!"
Mu Niannian was silent.
The azure-robed man continued, "There are many things that he must face by himself. Outsiders' help is not a good thing for him!
Moreover, if you continue to help him, you will inevitably be targeted by the universal laws. With your current strength, you cannot contend against the universal laws! "
Mu Niannian looked at Ye Xuan again, and she nodded slightly, "I understand!"
Saying that, she looked at Tu, "Together?"
Tu looked at Ye Xuan below, and was silent.
The azure-robed man smiled, "Let him walk the rest of the path by himself!"
Tu said softly, "You want his swordsmanship to improve?"
The azure-robed man nodded, "Not only that, there is an opportunity over there that I hope he can obtain.
Of course, whether he can obtain it or not will depend on himself. I will not force him! "
Tu looked at Ye Xuan for a long time, and then turned to Mu Niannian, "Let's go!"
Mu Niannian nodded, and soon, the two women turned into a ray of sword light and disappeared into the starry sky.
After the two women left, the azure-robed man turned to the Undying Imperial Clan's Patriarch, Dongli Jing. Dongli Jing looked at the azure-robed man, and did not speak.
The green-robed man suddenly laughed and said, "As a person, I repay kindness with kindness and take revenge with enmity!"
As he spoke, he opened his palm, and three sword rays suddenly flew toward Higashi Yasushi.
Higashi Yasushi glanced at the three sword rays. "What are these?"
The green-clothed man said, "Back then, I killed the final trump card of the Undying Imperial Clan. Now, I will give you all a trump card!"
After a moment of silence, Higashi Yasushi shook his head. "No need!"
The green-clothed man was slightly startled. Dongli Jing continued, "This is a trump card, but it will also make the people of our Undying Imperial Clan feel reliant on it.
I do not wish for my clansmen to become reliant on me. In the future, my Undying Imperial Clan will not have an ancestor, and will not have an extremely powerful trump card!
If we're talking about trump cards, then the Undead Clan is our trump card! "
On the battlefield, countless experts from the Undying Emperor Clan suddenly roared in unison. "The Undying Emperor Clan is invincible!"
At this moment, all of the Undying Imperial Clan members were roaring angrily.
The Undying Emperor Clan did not need the protection of others!
Higashi Kei looked at the green-robed man and said, "Thank you for your kindness!"
The green-robed man nodded slightly. "Alright!"
As he spoke, he waved his right hand lightly, and the three strands of sword qi disappeared.
By the side, Dongli Nan sighed in his heart.
She knew that the Undying Imperial Clan could accept Ye Xuan. However, towards the green-robed man … it could not be said that they hated him. It could only be said that the Undying Imperial Clan could not accept his protection!
Pride!
Although the Undying Imperial Clan could not compare to the Cosmos God Court, and even less compared to the green-robed man, this clan still had their own pride!
The green-robed man looked at Ye Xuan in front of him. He opened his palm, and the ancient shield in front of Ye Xuan instantly flew into his hand.
(This chapter is not finished, please continue to the next page)
Then, he passed the ancient shield to Little White. Little White blinked, then pointed at the unconscious Ye Xuan.
The green-robed man shook his head, "He doesn't need it!"
The little white fellow hesitated for a moment, then kept the ancient shield!
The green-robed man looked at Ye Xuan. He pointed his finger in front of him, and the space there directly split apart.
The green-robed man laughed, "Nan 'er, I'm going to send him away!"
Dong Linan hurriedly asked, "To where?"
The green-robed man smiled, "To a very, very far place. There, he will no longer have any helpers.
If he wants to survive, he can only rely on himself! "
Dong Linan frowned, "He doesn't have any trump cards at all?"
The green-robed man laughed lightly, "What trump cards does he need?
He is going there to grow, not to act cool! "
Just as Dong Linan was about to speak, the green-robed man said seriously, "He has to become stronger. There are many things that he can only rely on himself in the future."
Dong Linan asked, "Mysterious person?"
The green-robed man nodded, "While I was searching, I discovered some strange things. I can only say that the other party is not simple.
And now, he is too weak. "
Dong Linan went silent for a moment, then nodded, "Alright!"
The green-robed man looked at Ye Xuan. He pointed with his finger, and a ray of sword light dragged Ye Xuan directly into the pitch-black spatial crack. In an instant, that ray of sword light tore through countless star fields with Ye Xuan …
On the battlefield, Dong Linan wanted to say something, but stopped.
The green-robed man looked at Dong Linan, "If he follows you, with your protection, he will become more and more useless!
Let him go and temper himself! "
Dong Linan said solemnly, "The laws of the universe!"
The green-robed man laughed, "They don't dare to show themselves!"
Dong Linan said again, "The Cosmos God Court!"
The green-robed man laughed, "He will deal with it himself!"
Dong Linan shook his head, "He is too young!"
The green-robed man laughed, "If he is always protected, he will never truly grow!
He has to walk his own path step by step, and now, there is not much time left for him!
Tian Ming and I cannot protect him forever!
Moreover, if he stays in the Undying Emperor Clan, he will bring a true calamity upon you. "
Dong Linan looked at the green-robed man, "What rank does the Undying Emperor Clan belong in this universe?"
The green-robed man shook his head, "Nothing!"
Hearing this, Dong Linan slowly clenched his fists.
The green-robed man laughed, "Nan 'er, see you in the future!"
As he spoke, he, the little girl, and the little white fellow gradually became illusory!
Dong Linan looked at the green-robed man, "Live well!"
The green-robed man laughed, "Don't worry, the one who will kill me has not been born yet!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he disappeared. The little white fellow and the little girl also disappeared along with him.
Dong Linan looked into the depths of the starry sky, her gaze gradually becoming infatuated!
At this moment, Dong Linan suddenly said, "Third sister, what are your plans?"
Dong Linan said softly, "I want to stay in the Undying Emperor Clan and cultivate!"
Dong Linan nodded, "That is exactly what I wanted!"
As she spoke, she looked into the depths of the starry sky, "I wonder where that little fellow was teleported to!"
Dong Linan looked into the depths of the starry sky, her eyes filled with worry, "Xuan 'er is so kind and honest, I wonder how much he will suffer if he goes to an unfamiliar environment!"
At the side, Dong Linan kept shaking his head.
Honest?
She really couldn't tell!
(This chapter is not finished, please continue to the next page)
Since when has Ye Xuan been honest!
This fellow is the most dishonest!
After a while, the Undying Emperor Clan started to clean up the battlefield.
In this battle, although the Undying Emperor Clan had sacrificed many people, they had also gained a lot!
This time, the surviving experts of the Undying Emperor Clan would become even stronger. Other than that, the Undying Emperor Clan had also obtained many spoils of war, especially the treasures left behind by the Cosmos God Court …
...
On the other side, somewhere in the starry sky suddenly tore apart, the next moment, two women walked out!
It was Mu Xiaodao and the hemp clothed woman!
Out of all the experts of the Cosmos God Court, only the two of them had escaped, and this was because the green-robed man had shown mercy!
After coming out, the hemp clothed woman's expression was extremely ugly, while Mu Xiaodao heaved a sigh of relief.
The hemp clothed woman suddenly looked at Mu Xiaodao, "Are you that afraid of death?
In order to live, you actually lowered your head to the evil forces. "
Mu Xiaodao shook his head, "You really are a blockhead!"
The hemp clothed woman stared angrily at Mu Xiaodao, "Am I not?"
Mu Xiaodao suddenly raged, "Am I your mother!
Can you not be so stupid?
Did you not see how strong that man is?
He is only a clone, yet he could instantly kill the Seventh Sword!
Are you going to fight him?
Fight your mother!
'You idiot! Can't you just stop thinking about cultivation and watch more palace fights in the secular world?'
This old lady is going to die from anger! "
The hemp clothed woman raged, "Just because you can't win, you surrender?"
Mu Xiaodao sighed softly, "Do you know how many of us have died this time?
Big sister, do you know?
Their deaths are really meaningless!
All of them died for nothing!
Including you, you have the guts to fight him head-on, but is there any meaning?
Besides sending yourself to death, there is no meaning at all! "
As she said this, she looked at the hemp clothed woman with disappointment, "The other party has already cheated!
You still foolishly went to fight him, you are really a retard! "
The hemp clothed woman's expression was extremely gloomy.
Mu Xiaodao added, "Don't be angry!
That man's strength is obviously not at our level, isn't it normal to lose to such a person? "
The hemp clothed woman looked at Mu Xiaodao, "You are quite open-minded!"
Mu Xiaodao said calmly, "The moment that man appeared, we should have retreated. Unfortunately, everyone still had to fight him!
If we had retreated from the start, perhaps many of us could have survived! "
The hemp clothed woman looked at Mu Xiaodao, "You should not question the laws of the universe!"
Mu Xiaodao chuckled, "Do sinners with disaster bodies really deserve to die?"
The hemp clothed woman stared at Mu Xiaodao, "You are questioning the laws of the universe again!"
Mu Xiaodao chuckled, "Ma Yi, we are the guardians of the universe, but we are not tools, nor are we slaves!
Faith is fine, but blind faith cannot be. "
As she said this, she turned to look at the star field behind her, softly said, "This time, many people have died!"
The hemp clothed woman said angrily, "Why did he become a disaster body?
Because his father and sister killed too many people, and went against the laws and order of the universe!
Now that order has collapsed, whose fault is it?
It is their family's fault!
As long as he is alive, order cannot be restored, do you understand? "
Mu Xiaodao nodded, "I understand!"
The hemp clothed woman glared at Mu Xiaodao, "Then you still question the laws of the universe, and for them …"
Mu Xiaodao suddenly said, "We can't beat them!"
The hemp clothed woman was stunned.
Mu Xiaodao looked at the hemp clothed, "I am not going to reason with you!
Let's talk about something practical!
We can't beat them now, do you understand? "
The hemp clothed woman was silent.
..
(End of this chapter)








Chapter 1578
I can't beat him!
This is the core of the problem!
Mu Xiaodao suddenly said, "Go back!"
With that, she turned and left.
Ma Yi looked at Mu Xiaodao, "Go back to the Cosmos God Court?"
Mu Xiaodao said, "Go back and wait for that Sky King Palace fella. See what she is going to do!
Also, don't meddle in these things without the orders of the laws of the universe!
Your brain is too simple!
You will be easily betrayed! "
As she spoke, she had already disappeared.
Ma Yi was silent for a long time before turning and leaving.
...
Somewhere in the depths of the starry sky, there was a huge hall.
Sky King Palace!
This was the first hall under the Cosmos God Court!
The palace was several hundred zhang tall, standing tall in the starry sky like a huge beast, instilling fear in the hearts of those who looked at it.
There were tens of thousands of bluestone steps in front of the hall.
At this moment, a woman was walking slowly on the stone steps.
The woman was wearing a loose white dress. Her cloud-like hair was draped over her back. It was very long, reaching her hips.
The woman was very beautiful, beautiful enough to make the entire starry sky pale in comparison!
This woman was the famous War King Wu Ke of the Cosmos God Court!
The woman walked slowly and soon, she came to the entrance of the hall and pushed it open.
The hall was empty, not a single person was inside!
The woman came to a statue. If Ye Xuan was here, he would be shocked!
This was because the statue looked exactly like him!
The woman looked at the statue and after a long time, she took out a small wooden statue. The statue looked like a little girl and looked very similar to her.
Obviously, this was when she was young!
The woman was silent for a long time before closing her eyes, "Is it you?"
At this moment, a hunchback old man appeared outside the hall and said hoarsely, "King Wu, I have found out!"
The woman looked at the small wooden statue in her hand, "Speak!"
The hunchback old man spoke slowly!
It was all about Ye Xuan!
The hunchback old man spoke for a full hour and even the smallest things were explained in detail!
After the hunchback old man finished, the woman squinted her eyes, "He knows how to carve?"
The hunchback old man nodded, "Yes!"
As he spoke, he hesitated for a moment before he said, "Is it the person Young Miss is looking for?"
The woman slowly closed her eyes. "It should be!"
The hunchbacked old man lowered his head slightly. "Miss, he is a sinner with a body of disaster!"
The woman opened her eyes and said expressionlessly, "The reason why I joined the Cosmos God Court was because I wanted to use the resources of the Cosmos God Court to find him!
Otherwise, what qualifications does the Cosmos God Court have for me to join? "
The hunchbacked old man said nothing.
The woman suddenly asked, "Where is he now?"
The hunchbacked old man said, "He should be in the Demon Domain!"
The woman said, "I'll go see him!"
As she finished speaking, she turned around and left. When she reached the entrance of the great hall, she suddenly stopped. "Is there any movement from the Heavenly Court?"
The hunchbacked old man shook his head. "Not yet!
However, I've learned that the contenders from the Void Zone are already on their way back!
They might have received orders from the Divine Court! "
The woman asked again, "What about the Laws of the Universe?"
The hunchbacked old man shook his head again. "There's no news at all!"
The woman nodded slightly and disappeared.
In the hall, the hunchbacked old man sighed softly.
.....
Ye Xuan slowly opened his eyes. The moment he opened his eyes, he felt a splitting headache!
Ye Xuan hurriedly sat up. He held his head with both hands and shook it for a long time. When his head was no longer so dizzy, he scanned his surroundings. This time, he was stunned!
At this moment, he was in a dilapidated straw hut. His hands and legs were tied with heavy metal chains!
What happened to him?
Ye Xuan scanned his surroundings. Around him, there were still some corpses. They were all human corpses.
Ye Xuan suddenly lifted his head and looked into the distance. There was a huge stone house there. A group of people was sitting in front of the stone house. These people looked 90% similar to humans. The only difference was that these people had purple eyes!
Demon Domain!
The first thing that came to Ye Xuan's mind was the Demon Domain!
This was because he had read some ancient texts in the Undying Emperor Tribe. The Demon Domain was inhabited by demons. These people were exactly the same as the demons described in the ancient texts!
Why did that man send him to the Demon Domain?
Could it be that he wanted him to unify the Demon Domain?
This was a little unrealistic!
Ye Xuan collected his thoughts. He looked at the metal chains on his hands. Very quickly, he discovered that his cultivation had been sealed!
Within his body, he could not circulate a single bit of Xuan energy!
Not only that, even his two bloodlines had been sealed!
Most importantly, Xiao Ta and the World Prison Pagoda had also been sealed!
Other than his fleshly body, there was nothing else!
Very clearly, the green robed man did not go all out!
If his fleshly body was destroyed, then he would really be done for!
At this moment, a demon suddenly walked over with a hammer. When he saw Ye Xuan, this demon suddenly shouted angrily, "Lowly human, you dare to look at me directly!"
As he spoke, he directly swung his hammer towards Ye Xuan's head!
Ye Xuan suddenly leaped up and directly kneed that demon's chin.
Boom!
That demon's head directly exploded and blood splattered everywhere!
Ye Xuan fiercely spat to the side and angrily scolded: "Motherfucker, I am a dignified son of the Ninth Dimension Universe, how can I let you guys bully me!"
As he spoke, he suddenly exerted strength in his hands and the chains on his body directly exploded!
At this moment, those demons in the distance all rushed towards Ye Xuan.
However, he was stopped by an older Devil Cultivator!
That old demon stared fixedly at Ye Xuan, "Human, you dare to kill demons!
You will receive the world's most cruel torture, you … "
Ye Xuan rushed up and slapped him.
Pa!
That old demon was directly slapped out of the Hundred Clans Territory. When he smashed onto the ground, his body twitched for a moment and then no longer moved!
The remaining Devil Dwellers were all stunned.
Ye Xuan glanced at those remaining demons and they immediately turned and ran!
Ye Xuan directly rushed out and very quickly, those dozen or so demons were killed by him!
Ye Xuan looked around, this place was somewhat remote, like a small tribe!
After a moment, Ye Xuan walked towards a stone city in the distance.
On the way, Ye Xuan analysed this Devil domain. From the attitude of those few demons towards him, this human's position in this Devil domain was clearly very low, just that he did not know to what extent!
After walking for a while, Ye Xuan tried to use his sword but he was unable to use Xuan Qi. More accurately, he had no Xuan Qi to use!
He was now a body cultivator!
Other than his fleshly body, there was no other power he could use!
As if he thought of something, Ye Xuan suddenly slapped his forehead, "Damn it!
I actually forgot about the little girl's blood … "
When he was in the Immortal Emperor Clan, he did not devour the little girl's blood because he wanted his fleshly body to reach the God Realm, then use the little girl's blood to reach the Eternal Realm. However, before he could reach the God Realm, the Cosmos God Court came!
Therefore, his fleshly body was currently only at the Consolidation Realm!
Ye Xuan was filled with regret!
Now that Xiao Ta was sealed, he could not obtain the little girl's blood at all. If he wanted to improve his fleshly body again, it could be said to be extremely difficult!
He had to think of a way to return!
No!
Ye Xuan seemed to have thought of something and suddenly stopped!
In the Nine Dimensions, he had asked the patriarch Dongli Jing, and at that time, Dongli Jing had said that even if it was him, to reach the Devil domain, he would need at least a million years!
A million years!
What kind of concept was that?
Moreover, his current cultivation was sealed, even if he wanted to use sword flight, he could not!
From here, even three hundred years would not be enough!
"F * ck!"
Ye Xuan suddenly could not help but curse.
They couldn't go back at all!
At this time, Ye Xuan suddenly stopped because he had arrived in front of the ancient city. Looking up, Ye Xuan saw three large words above the city gate: Meng Ju City!
Just as Ye Xuan was about to enter, he suddenly turned around and looked. Not far away, a group of demonic people riding creatures that looked like wolf demons slowly walked over. This group of demonic people wore armor, and it was obvious that they were soldiers!
And behind this group of soldiers, there were several iron cages. Within the iron cages, there were all humans, men and women, about 30 people!
Seeing this scene, Ye Xuan frowned!
Were the humans in this place so bad?
At this time, the group of demonic people also saw Ye Xuan. When they saw Ye Xuan, the demonic people were slightly stunned. There was actually a human here?
What's more, he was standing here so openly!
The people within the iron cages were looking at Ye Xuan as well. Some of their eyes were filled with curiosity, and some were filled with ridicule.
Suddenly, the demonic person in the lead rode a demon beast over to Ye Xuan, and he looked down at Ye Xuan, "Kneel!"
Kneel?
Ye Xuan was instantly infuriated when he heard that!
Ye Xuan didn't say a word and directly kicked the demonic person. Before the demonic person could even react, his head was kicked away by Ye Xuan!
All the demonic people and humans were stunned!
Suddenly, one of the demonic people recovered from his shock, and he pointed angrily at Ye Xuan, "You lowly human, you …."
Ye Xuan suddenly picked up a rock from the ground and smashed it!
Bang!
The demonic person was directly smashed by the rock, and his head instantly exploded!
However, Ye Xuan didn't stop. He leaped up and charged towards the group of demonic people!
His speed was extremely swift, and he was like a hungry tiger pouncing on its prey. He pounced towards one of the demonic people and smashed his fist towards the demonic person's throat!
Crack!
The demonic person's throat was pierced through, and blood sprayed everywhere!
Meanwhile, Ye Xuan suddenly vanished on the spot ….
In next to no time, all the demonic people were lying on the ground, and they'd died horrible deaths. Because Ye Xuan had used his fists. His fists weren't as handsome as his sword, but they were extremely violent!
Ye Xuan walked over to the iron cages, and he just smashed a few of his fists with his fists, causing the iron chains to be broken.
Ye Xuan gazed at the humans before him, "All of you are free!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he turned around and left. As if he'd thought of something, he said, "All of you can follow me!"
He felt that he should save them to the end because their strengths were very low. So, if he didn't save them to the end, then they would definitely be killed!
Because if he killed these demonic people, then the other demonic people would definitely not let them off!
So, he had to be responsible to the end!
At this moment, a human fatty suddenly rushed in front of Ye Xuan, and pointed angrily at Ye Xuan, "Who needs your help!"
Ye Xuan was somewhat dumbfounded.
The fatty looked at Ye Xuan with hatred, and roared angrily, "When they brought us, they would at most torture us, and then make us their slaves. But now that you've saved us, they'll kill us!
It's all your fault, you idiot, you …. "
Ye Xuan suddenly slapped the fatty's face.
Pa!
The fatty directly fell to the ground. He didn't die, but his face was disfigured!
Then, under everyone's gaze, Ye Xuan dragged the fatty to the front of an iron cage. He threw the fatty into the iron cage, and then locked the iron chains.
Ye Xuan looked at the fatty, "I'm sorry, I didn't know you liked to be a slave!
It's my fault!
I shouldn't have saved you! "
As soon as he finished speaking, he stood up and left.
At this moment, a human girl suddenly said in a trembling voice, "You … Who are you?"
Who am I?
Ye Xuan blinked and said, "Have you heard of the Cosmos God Court?"
The little girl shook her head.
Ye Xuan said seriously, "I'm the founder of the Universe God Court … God Ye!
Hmm … Do you know the Laws of the Universe? "
The little girl shook her head.
Ye Xuan said seriously, "There are a total of nine universal laws … I created them to protect the universe!
However, after they became stronger, they joined hands to kill me!
I'm reincarnating right now … Do you understand? "
The little girl: "…"
....
PS: There's a problem that's been bothering me for a long time. It's that I'm too handsome!
Being handsome was really a problem.
A lot of girls pounced on me when they saw me … I'm really, really annoyed, I can't take it anymore!
Almighty readers!
May I ask how to solve this problem?
!!








Chapter 1579
Meng Ju City!
Ye Xuan led the 30 plus people into Meng Ju City. The 30 plus people were panicking and could only follow Ye Xuan!
In the devil domain, humans were slaves and could only be enslaved by the devils!
But now, this person in front of them had killed the devils!
Those devils would definitely not let them off!
If they followed Ye Xuan, they might be able to survive!
When they walked into Meng Ju City, Ye Xuan's group attracted the attention of all the devils!
Humans?
All the demons stared at Ye Xuan, who was the leader.
Ye Xuan suddenly glanced at the surrounding devils and cursed, "What are you looking at?
If you're not satisfied, then come and fight me! "
All the devils were stunned.
F * ck!
So arrogant?
At this moment, one of the devils suddenly charged in front of Ye Xuan. He was about to speak when Ye Xuan suddenly charged forward and punched him in the head.
Bang!
That devil's head exploded and blood splattered everywhere!
All the demonic humans were stunned!
As for the humans behind Ye Xuan, they were also stunned.
This human was so strong?
Ye Xuan continued forward. He would not be reasonable or merciful in this place!
The status of humans in this place was very low. To reason with the devils?
The other party would not listen at all!
Fists were the most direct!
At this moment, more and more devils surrounded Ye Xuan's group. When these devils looked at Ye Xuan's group, their eyes were filled with killing intent!
At this moment, a group of soldiers suddenly charged from afar!
There were hundreds of them!
The leader was a middle-aged man holding a large machete. When he arrived in front of Ye Xuan's group, the middle-aged man stared at Ye Xuan and was about to speak when Ye Xuan slapped his face.
Pa!
Before anyone could react, the middle-aged man fell to the ground. However, he did not die. Obviously, Ye Xuan had shown mercy!
Ye Xuan directly stepped on the middle-aged man's chest, "Come, tell me where this place is!"
The middle-aged man glared at Ye Xuan, his eyes filled with hatred. "Lowly human, …"
Ye Xuan suddenly kicked him hard.
Boom!
The middle-aged man was directly crushed by this stomp!
The devils in the surroundings were instantly terrified!
This middle-aged man was the strongest warrior in their city, but he was killed just like that?
Ye Xuan led the remaining people into the city. Along the way, no Devil Dwellers dared to make a move!
In next to no time, Ye Xuan arrived at the City Governor's Estate with over 30 people. At this moment, there were already hundreds of Devil Dweller soldiers gathered in front of the Estate!
The leader was a rather fat Devil Cultivator. Obviously, this was the City Lord!
The fat City Lord looked at Ye Xuan, "Who is it!"
Ye Xuan suddenly disappeared, and in the next moment, the fat city lord's throat was grabbed by a hand!
It was Ye Xuan's hand!
Seeing that the City Lord was subdued in one move, all the Devil Dwellers were stunned!
Ye Xuan looked at the fat City Lord, "Order all the humans in the city to be released!
Also, I want to know what kind of place Dao Yi is! "
The fat City Lord quickly nodded and said with a trembling voice, "Quickly … quickly release all the slaves!"
Ye Xuan brought the fat City Lord into the City Governor's Estate.
In the courtyard, Ye Xuan sat on a stone bench. In front of him was the fat City Lord.
At this moment, the fat City Lord was introducing this world to Ye Xuan.
After a long time, Ye Xuan had a general understanding of this Devil Domain!
This Devil Domain was divided into four realms, namely the Upper Realm, Devil Realm, Yuan Realm, and the Boundary Realm!
The four realms each had their own governance!
It was worth mentioning that although the four realms each had their own governance, they all believed in the Great Devil Lord!
A very, very long time ago, the entire Infernal Realm was actually unified. At that time, the strongest person in the Infernal Realm, the Demon Lord, was the master of the entire Infernal Realm. However, the Demon Lord disappeared for some unknown reason, so the Infernal Realm was divided into four!
Even so, the Devil Dwellers of the four realms still believed in the Great Devil Lord!
Right now, he was in the Devil Domain. Of course, his current location was very remote.
Ye Xuan was silent.
If he wanted to go back, he had to go to Demon City because there was a high possibility that there was a Star Field Transmission Array there.
Of course, it was only a possibility, he was not sure!
In fact, he was a little puzzled now. He wondered why the man in green sent him here?
Was it really just to train him?
Or was he here to save humanity?
He had to say that the status of humans in this place was really low. No, they had no status at all!
The humans here were born to be slaves and had no status at all!
Their lives were too miserable!
Ye Xuan shook his head.
Fortunately, this Devil Domain was far from the Ninth Dimension. Otherwise, the two sides would not be friendly!
Ye Xuan stood up and left. He arrived at the entrance of the Governor's Mansion. At this moment, there were already tens of thousands of humans gathered there!
They were all human slaves that were released from the city!
At this moment, all the human slaves were looking at Ye Xuan. Their eyes were filled with curiosity and confusion.
Ye Xuan glanced at the human beings there and sighed inwardly.
He felt that things were a little troublesome!
There was no fighting spirit in the eyes of these humans!
The slave imprint had already been deeply ingrained in their minds.
How could he save them?
Ye Xuan felt a headache coming on.
Was he going to declare war on the entire Devil Domain just because of Dao Yi?
He was very clear that he did not have that much power.
The Devil Domain was definitely not any weaker than the Immortal Emperor Clan in the Ninth Dimension!
Wanting to fight against the entire Infernal domain with one's strength alone, this was something impossible!
But would these people in front of him give up just like that?
He was very clear that he had killed the Devil Dwellers. If he left, the humans here would be miserable!
Thinking of this, Ye Xuan sighed and said, "Do you have anything you want to say?"
Below, no one spoke!
Ye Xuan hesitated and said, "Do you want to be free?"
At this moment, a man walked out and looked at Ye Xuan, "Yes!"
Ye Xuan looked at the man and smiled, "What's your name?"
The man looked at Ye Xuan, "Ling Yan!"
Ye Xuan nodded, "From now on, these people are under my control!"
Ling Yan directly knelt down, "Please teach us martial arts!"
Among the group of humans, many also knelt down!
To change their fate, they must learn martial arts!
And in the past, humans were not qualified to learn martial arts!
Ye Xuan nodded, "Okay!"
At this moment, a man suddenly said, "We must go to the Human Domain!"
"Human Domain?"
Ye Xuan frowned, "Is there such a place?"
The man quickly nodded, "Yes!
I heard that there are only humans in the Human Domain, and there are no Devil Dwellers!
There, humans are not slaves! "
Ye Xuan turned around to look at the fat city governor, and the latter spoke with a trembling voice, "The Human Domain does exist …. There is an extremely formidable human protecting it and passing down martial arts …."
Ye Xuan was stunned, and then he said softly, "Could it be the ancestor of the Daoist Faction?"
He had heard from Dongli Jing that the ancestor of the Daoist Faction had come to the Demon Domain!
When he thought up to this point, he asked, "How far is the Human Domain from here?"
The fat city governor hesitated for a moment, and then he said, "At least a month. However, if you go to Sky Capital City, then you can reach the Human Domain at the fastest speed possible because there is a teleportation formation there!"
Meanwhile, Ling Yan suddenly spoke angrily, "They are trying to kill us!"
The fat city governor glanced at Ling Yan and remained silent!
Ye Xuan said, "There are even more Devil Dwellers there, right?"
Ling Yan nodded and spoke in a low voice, "Yes!
There are many Devil Dwellers there!
However, there is indeed a teleportation formation there! "
Ye Xuan nodded, and then he gazed at the fat city governor, "Summon all the tamed demon beasts in the city!"
The fat city governor didn't dare refuse, and he immediately sent a soldier over. It didn't take long for all the tamed demon beasts to be summoned over.
Ye Xuan gazed at the humans before him, "Everyone, get on your horses and head to Sky Capital City!"
Ling Yan hesitated for a moment, and then he said, "Over there …."
Ye Xuan smiled, "It's fine!"
When he saw how confident Ye Xuan was, Ling Yan didn't hesitate any longer, and he turned around to look at the humans and roared furiously, "Get on all the demon beasts!
Head to Sky Capital City! "
However, no one moved!
Ling Yan said furiously, "Those that don't leave can stay here and wait for death!"
The humans finally moved when they heard this!
In next to no time, Ye Xuan led the group out of Mist Shi City and headed straight for Sky Capital City.
When he saw Ye Xuan and the others leave, the fat city governor quickly took out a transmission stone ….
....
Outside the city, Ling Yan glanced at Ye Xuan who stood by his side, and he hesitated for a moment before he said, "We should kill the city governor in the city. Otherwise, he'll notify us!"
Ye Xuan smiled, "It's fine!"
Ling Yan nodded lightly and didn't speak another word.
All he could do now was trust this human before him!
Because he had no other choice!
Right at this moment, the ground in the distance suddenly trembled, and then a group of cavalries dashed over swiftly from afar!
Demonkin Cavalries!
All the humans here instantly panicked when they saw this group of cavalries!
Countless people were terrified to the point they fell off their demon beasts!
Ling Yan suddenly roared furiously, "Calm down!"
However, those people weren't calm at all. Some of them even started running around while others were terrified to the point their legs had turned to jelly!
Right at this moment, a man suddenly pointed at Ye Xuan and roared furiously, "It's … it's all …. We weren't supposed to die. But now!
We're going to die! "
Countless people looked at Ye Xuan when they heard this, and then they started to complain about Ye Xuan.
"It's all his fault …. If it wasn't for him, we would still be in the city. Although our lives would be tough, we wouldn't have died. It's all his fault …."
"I don't want to die …. Ah …. It's all his fault …. Ah …. He sent us back …."
"We're finished!
I shouldn't have come out …. "
“.....”
Many people looked at Ye Xuan with resentment.
Ye Xuan remained silent.
At this moment, he finally understood something!
Humans!
They could only save themselves!
Meanwhile, Lin Yan slashed with his saber, and the man who spoke first was stabbed to death!
Ling Yan glanced at the surroundings and said furiously, "He saved us!"
One of the men said furiously, "See that!
There are over 10,000 Demonkin Cavalries!
Can he defeat them?
He can't defeat them at all!
We'll be cut to death by the Demonkin! "
Another man said furiously, "He's not saving us, he's harming us!"
Ling Yan was about to speak when Ye Xuan patted his shoulder. Ling Yan looked at Ye Xuan and said, "I'm not afraid of death!"
Ye Xuan smiled, "I know!"
As he spoke, he walked to the side with Ling Yan. He looked at the group of humans and smiled, "Those who want to live can come behind me!"
The group of humans looked at Ye Xuan and no one moved.
At this moment, the man who was the leader shouted, "Don't believe him, he can't defeat so many Demonkin!
If we beg for mercy, the Demonkin will definitely let us go!
Because they need slaves, we have so many slaves, we can help them do many things, they won't kill us! "
Hearing the man's words, the group of humans were moved.
At this moment, a little girl slowly ran in front of Ye Xuan. That little girl was the one Ye Xuan saved outside the city.
The little girl looked up at Ye Xuan, hesitated for a moment, then said, "I believe you!"
As she spoke, she paused, then said, "Brother God Ye, can I join Cosmos Palace?
I want to follow you! "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
At this moment, the group of Demonkin Cavalry had already arrived in front of them. The man leading the group suddenly led the group of people behind him and ran to the front of the Demonkin Cavalry. The man hurriedly led the group to kneel down. The man pointed angrily at Ye Xuan in the distance. No one knew what he was saying.
The other humans also kowtowed and begged for mercy.








Chapter 1580
The leader became more and more agitated as he spoke. In the end, it was as if Ye Xuan had killed his parents. He wanted to eat Ye Xuan's flesh and drink Ye Xuan's blood.
Seeing this scene, Ye Xuan was speechless.
He was not angry!
Because he understood human nature!
At the same time, he knew that he had done a very stupid thing!
He, Ye Xuan, was not a savior. These people did not need his help!
It was just like how Qing'Er did not save the Fifth Dimension!
Did she really not have the strength?
She had it!
But she did not want to save them!
Because she understood human nature!
If the people of the Fifth Dimension did not change, no one could save them.
Humans continuously courting death in the vast universe would eventually be punished by the universe.
At this moment, a demonic cavalryman in the distance suddenly raised his blade.
Chi!
The man who spoke was directly cut in half. Blood and internal organs splattered all over the ground.
The other humans were dumbfounded!
At this moment, the commander of the demonic cavalryman suddenly said, "Kill!"
As his voice fell, the group of demonic people directly raised their butcher knives. Soon, mournful screams resounded!
As for Ye Xuan, he calmly watched from the side. He did not have the slightest intention of attacking.
Those humans also came to themselves at this moment. Then they ran toward Ye Xuan like crazy!
Ye Xuan still did not attack!
They looked at Ye Xuan and begged as they ran, "Save …"
Ye Xuan still did not move.
Soon, all the humans were killed!
The ground was covered in corpses and blood!
At this moment, the group of cavalrymen arrived in front of Ye Xuan's group.
Ling Yan stared at the cavalrymen. Although he was a bit panicked, there was no fear in his eyes!
The little girl gently pulled on Ye Xuan's sleeve. She was very afraid and was about to cry!
The leader of the demonic cavalrymen looked at Ye Xuan and was about to speak when Ye Xuan suddenly leaped up and punched him in the face before he could react.
Bang!
The devilman cavalry commander's head directly exploded, blood splattering everywhere!
After he instantly annihilated the commander of the cavalrymen, Ye Xuan suddenly charged into the midst of the cavalrymen, and it wasn't long before numerous explosions resounded incessantly!
Every punch landed on flesh!
Before long, the ten thousand cavalrymen had all fallen!
Although Ye Xuan's cultivation was currently sealed and he only had the physical body of the Consolidation Realm, it was still not something that ordinary people could fight against.
Seeing how easily Ye Xuan slaughtered the cavalry, Ling Yan was dumbfounded!
Ye Xuan looked at the corpses on the ground before looking at Lin Yan and the little girl, "Let's go!"
Soon, the three of them continued on their way!
This time, it was much quieter!
Ling Yan didn't dare to say anything!
The little girl glanced at Ye Xuan. There were a few times when she wanted to speak, but she held back.
On the demonic beast, Ye Xuan closed his eyes and pondered.
At this moment, he was extremely shocked in his heart because he'd noticed a problem. He'd actually sensed his own Sword Intent just now!
Good and Evil Sword Intent!
However, it disappeared very quickly!
It might have been suppressed by the sword aura that the green-robed man left in his body!
What was good?
He saved people. That was good.
What was evil?
He left people to die. That was evil!
However, regardless of whether he saved people or not, he had a clear conscience!
Good and evil could be decided by a single thought!
Ye Xuan opened his eyes and a smile appeared at the corner of his mouth.
In fact, being a good person was extremely tiring. That was because you had to make do with those who had ill intentions towards you.
The deep-rooted bad habit of humans was that when facing evil people, they would bend their knees and be extremely obedient. However, when facing good people, they would be extremely evil.
Why should good people make do with evil people?
Ye Xuan would not be a good person. To him, he could save people, but he could also kill them!
At that moment, the little girl suddenly said, "Brother God Ye …"
Ye Xuan looked at the little girl and smiled. "What's wrong?"
The little girl hesitated for a moment before asking, "Why are you so powerful?"
Ye Xuan blinked. "Because I cultivate!
Do you want to cultivate? "
The little girl nodded vigorously.
Ye Xuan smiled and placed his right hand between the little girl's brows. Then, he transferred the first to the ninth volume of the Dao Scripture into the little girl's mind. However, he placed a restriction on them.
For example, she had to finish cultivating the first volume before she could cultivate the second volume!
As if he thought of something, he looked at Lin Yan. Lin Yan immediately dismounted and knelt on one knee. "I am willing to serve you!"
Ye Xuan shook his head. "You don't have to serve me!"
As he said that, he passed the Dao Scripture to Lin Yan.
Lin Yan suddenly knelt down and kowtowed.
Cultivation Method!
In the Demonic Area, there were very few cultivation methods that humans could cultivate!
That was because they were all destroyed by the demons!
It could be said that an ordinary human's cultivation technique was very, very precious to humans.
However, what Ye Xuan gave him was not an ordinary cultivation method!
Ye Xuan helped Lin Yan up. "Get up!
Don't kneel so easily in the future! "
Lin Yan shook his head. "This is enough to change my fate!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "It is fate that brought us to know each other!"
Lin Yan looked at Ye Xuan and nodded slightly.
At that moment, the sound of Demonic Beasts galloping came from behind.
Lin Yan's expression changed and he turned his head to look. Not far away, a group of Demonic Beast Cavalry was charging towards them. These Demonic Beasts were huge and they were wearing armor. Their auras were extremely powerful. When they felt the aura of these Demonic Beasts, the Demonic Beasts that the three of them were riding on immediately crouched on the ground and trembled.
Ye Xuan was shocked. The Demonic Beasts were of a high level. They were all at the Dao Attainment Realm!
The leader of the cavalry had even reached the Consolidation Realm!
Not simple!
What was worth mentioning was that the Demonic Beasts were wearing armor of a very high level. They were at least at the Dao Attainment Realm!
Looking at the armor, Ye Xuan thought of the little white guy's Ancient Shield!
Damn!
With that Ancient Shield, wouldn't he be able to do whatever he wanted in this place?
Unfortunately, the Ancient Shield was gone!
What a pity!
Ye Xuan sighed in his heart. He looked into the distance. In the middle of the Demonic Beast cavalry was a very luxurious carriage. The Demonic Beast pulling the carriage was at the peak of the Consolidation Realm. Its aura was extremely powerful!
Ye Xuan thought to himself, "The identity of this group of people is not simple!"
The group of Demonic Beast cavalry got closer. However, their target was not Ye Xuan's group. Instead, they were heading towards the distant Sky Capital City.
The leader of the Demonic Beast cavalry kept staring at Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan did not show any weakness and stared back. What was there to be afraid of?
The leader of the Demonic Beast cavalry did not make a move. Just as the group of cavalry was about to pass Ye Xuan, a voice suddenly sounded from the carriage. "Stop!"
As soon as the voice fell, the group of cavalry instantly stopped!
Ye Xuan looked at the carriage. At this moment, the window of the carriage suddenly opened. Ye Xuan saw a woman!
A Demonic Beast female!
Other than her eyes, this Demonic Beast female was no different from a human. The only difference was that her eyes were dark purple.
Dark purple.
It had to be said that this Demonic Beast female was very beautiful. Her exquisite facial features were perfect without a single flaw. However, she was too cold.
Aloof!
The Demonic Beast female just stared at Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan also stared back at the Demonic Beast female.
Seeing that Ye Xuan and the Demonic Beast female were looking at each other, a Demonic Beast cavalry guard suddenly stabbed his spear towards Ye Xuan's eyes. However, Ye Xuan's speed was faster. At the moment when the guard stabbed his spear, Ye Xuan directly punched his throat.
Kacha!
The sound of bones breaking could be heard. Immediately after, the Demonic Beast soldier fell to the ground!
Killed in one move!
Seeing that they had made a move, the surrounding Demonic Beast cavalry immediately surrounded Ye Xuan's group. At this moment, the Demonic Beast female raised her jade-like hand and the Demonic Beast cavalry immediately stopped.
The Demonic Beast female looked at the girl, "You are very courageous!"
Ye Xuan smiled and looked at Lin Yan and the little girl, "Let's go!"
Right at this moment, the commander of the Demonic Beast cavalry suddenly appeared in front of Ye Xuan. The Demonic Beast cavalry leader gazed at Ye Xuan, "Did I allow you to leave?"
Right at this moment, the Demonic Beast cavalry leader suddenly leaped up. The Demonic Beast cavalry leader's expression instantly changed, and he raised his spear to block.
Ye Xuan's fist smashed down!
Bang!
The spear broke into pieces, and Ye Xuan's fist smashed onto the helmet of the Demonic Beast cavalry leader.
Bang!
The demon beast beneath the Demonic Beast cavalry leader let out a shrill cry, and then it sank into the ground. On the other hand, the Demonic Beast cavalry leader collapsed to the ground as well. However, he didn't die because the helmet had absorbed most of the force!
The surrounding Demonic Beast cavalry were stunned!
There was a trace of shock in the Demonic Beast female's eyes as well.
Ye Xuan suddenly stomped his right foot on the chest of the Demonic Beast cavalry leader, and he looked down at the Demonic Beast cavalry leader. The Demonic Beast cavalry leader stared fixedly at him and was about to speak when Ye Xuan suddenly stomped his right foot down.
Bang!
The Demonic Beast cavalry leader's body exploded into pieces, and his internal organs splattered all over the ground.
His soul was completely destroyed!
Ye Xuan clapped his hands, and he glanced at the surrounding Demonic Beast cavalry. Finally, he looked at the Demonic Beast female in the carriage, "I'm leaving now. Do you have a problem with that?"
A threat!
Hearing Ye Xuan's words, the Consolidation Realm demon beast in front of the Demonic Beast female suddenly roared, and it was about to attack. At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly rushed in front of it, raised his fist, and threw a punch at it!
The punch landed directly on the demonic beast's head.
Bang!
The demon beast was directly sent flying, and the carriage was instantly reduced to ashes. However, the Demonic Beast female had appeared several tens of feet behind Ye Xuan.
In the distance, the demon beast crashed heavily into the ground after flying several hundred feet, and the entire ground immediately cracked!
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly leaped up, and like a cannonball, he shot towards the demon beast.
Bang!
Under everyone's gaze, the demon beast's head was directly hit by Ye Xuan's punch.
Bang!
The demon beast's head directly sank into the ground, and Ye Xuan ferociously hammered again, and soon, the powerful demon beast stopped moving!
It was forcefully hammered to death!
At this moment, the surrounding Demonic Beast finally felt fear!
That was a Consolidation Realm demon beast!
And it was hammered to death just like that?
In the distance, the Demonic Beast female stared fixedly at Ye Xuan, and did not speak.
At this moment, Ye Xuan stopped, and he turned to look at Lin Yan and the little girl, "Let's go!"
Soon, the three of them leisurely walked into the distance.
The Demonic Beast female suddenly said, "Who are you!"
Without turning his head, Ye Xuan replied, "The man that you will never be able to get!"
The Demonic Beast female: "…"
...
fpzw








Chapter 1581
Ye Xuan led Lin Yan and the little girl towards the distant Sky Capital City.
He only had one problem on his mind, and that was to find a way to return to the Ninth Dimension after settling the two little fellows by his side!
But he knew that it was absolutely not a simple matter!
If it was really that simple, then the green clothed man wouldn't have sent him here!
Moreover, his cultivation and bloodline were sealed, so only his physical body remained!
Could it be that the green clothed man wanted to strengthen his physical body?
Ye Xuan was slightly puzzled.
He had a feeling that the green clothed man didn't simply send him here to gain experience!
At this moment, the three of them arrived at Sky Capital City. They'd just arrived at the city gates when they were stopped by two soldiers!
One of the soldiers pointed his spear at Ye Xuan angrily. "Lowly human, you actually dare …"
Ye Xuan moved forward and punched him.
Bang!
The soldier's head was directly smashed into pieces!
An instant kill!
Ye Xuan punched again, and the other soldier's head was directly smashed into pieces!
Ye Xuan led the two of them forward!
However, they'd just entered the city when countless demons looked at Ye Xuan's group of three!
These demons didn't conceal their killing intent at all!
Ye Xuan's expression was calm. A group of demons stood not too far away from them, and they had no intention of giving way!
Ye Xuan charged forward and punched them.
Bang!
The demon in the lead was directly punched in the chest, and then his body instantly exploded into pieces while blood sprayed out!
The other demons were stunned when they saw this scene!
Is this human really so arrogant?
Ye Xuan looked at the remaining demons, and their expressions instantly changed as they retreated.
Ye Xuan led Lin Yan and the little girl forward. As if he'd thought of something, he suddenly turned to look at a nearby demon and asked, "Where's the teleportation array that leads to the Mortal Dimension?"
That Demon Dweller looked at Ye Xuan fearfully and did not say anything.
At this time, Ye Xuan suddenly grabbed the Demon Dweller's collar, and then he lifted him up and said angrily, "I asked you a question, didn't you hear me?"
Around them, the Demonic Dwellers looked at Ye Xuan in disbelief.
Damn it!
He had never seen such an arrogant human before!
That Fiendman was extremely afraid!
He hurriedly pointed into the distance and said with a trembling voice, "Go straight …"
Ye Xuan released the demon and brought Lin Yan and the little girl away.
Along the way, many demons stared at Ye Xuan's group.
His expression was unfriendly!
At this moment, a burly demon suddenly appeared in front of Ye Xuan and the other two. The demon looked at Ye Xuan with disdain, "Since when can lowly humans walk on the streets?"
Ye Xuan thought for a moment and said, "I feel that regardless of humans or demonic beasts, everyone is equal. It is not good for you to be discriminating against us like this!"
That Demon Dweller suddenly pointed at Ye Xuan angrily, "Equal?
You humans are just lowly slaves!
Are you worthy to be equal to us demons?
You … "
Just as he said this, Ye Xuan suddenly appeared in front of him. In the next moment, under the gaze of all the Demonic Dwellers, Ye Xuan directly grabbed the Demon Dweller's throat and slammed him onto the ground.
Bang!
The ground instantly exploded!
He did not die!
Under the gaze of all the Demonic Dwellers, Ye Xuan suddenly twisted the Demon Dweller's hair into a twist. Then, he dragged the Demon Dweller forward.
Lin Yan looked at Ye Xuan with excitement and hurriedly followed.
The little girl also hurriedly followed.
Just like that, the three of them continued forward!
All along the way, the Demon Dweller that Ye Xuan dragged screamed incessantly, and the ground beneath him was covered in blood!
The other Demonic Dwellers in the surroundings were instantly infuriated when they witnessed this scene. That was simply an insult to the Demonic Dwellers!
However, none of them dared to attack!
The strength that Ye Xuan revealed was truly too terrifying!
Suddenly, the ground in the distance started to tremble.
It didn't take long for a group of armored Demonic Dwellers to charge over!
There were a few thousand of them!
The leader of the Demonic Dwellers was a Commander who held a spear in his hand!
When he saw Ye Xuan dragging the Demon Dweller, the Commander's expression instantly became ferocious, and he pointed his spear at Ye Xuan furiously, "Kill him!"
Ye Xuan suddenly stopped, but he charged forward in the next moment. He was extremely swift, and the Commander's head flew into the air before he could even react!
It was an instant kill!
However, Ye Xuan didn't stop. He charged into the group of Demonic Dwellers and slaughtered them madly!
One punch for one!
It wasn't long before thousands of Demonic Dwellers were lying on the ground, and all of them had died horribly. They either had their heads blown off or their bodies shattered!
Fresh blood dyed the ground red!
Ye Xuan stood amongst the corpses. His eyes slowly closed, and his right hand was clenched tightly!
At this moment, he actually felt the blood in his body boil!
Could it be that his bloodline is about to break through the seal?
As soon as this thought arose in Ye Xuan's mind, his blood instantly calmed down!
It's been sealed!
Ye Xuan was slightly speechless!
Without thinking too much about it, Ye Xuan glanced at the corpses of the Demonic Dwellers. He suddenly realized that he liked using his fists a little!
Fists were more violent than swords!
Every time his fist smashed onto the Demonic Dweller's head, he actually felt a sense of excitement when he saw the Demonic Dweller's head explode ….
Fists were more violent than swords, and it made one's blood boil more easily!
Ye Xuan felt that if he was allowed to kill a few more Demonic Dwellers, he might be able to allow his Insane Demon Bloodline to directly break through the green clothed man's seal!
Of course, this was only his feeling, and he didn't dare confirm it!
After all, it was a seal left behind by the green clothed man!
En, it's his father!
Thinking of this, Ye Xuan shook his head, "If I have a son in the future, I will also throw him somewhere else!"
After saying that, he turned around and walked in front of Lin Yan and the little girl, "Let's go!"
The three of them continued forward!
As if he thought of something, Ye Xuan looked towards the Demonic Dweller that he was dragging earlier. When the Demonic Dweller saw Ye Xuan looking over, he hurriedly said with a trembling voice, "Spare … Spare my life …"
After seeing Ye Xuan slaughter thousands of people in such a short period of time, his mind became clear!
Although the man in front of him was a human, he was a powerful human!
Ye Xuan blinked his eyes, "You're begging for mercy like a human?"
The Demonic Dweller said with a trembling voice, "I … I think what you said makes sense … whether it's a Demonic Dweller or a human, everyone … is equal …"
Just as Ye Xuan was about to speak, at this moment, a female Demonic Dweller suddenly said angrily, "Coward!"
Ye Xuan looked at the female, and the female angrily stared at the man in front of Ye Xuan and angrily scolded, "Even if he is powerful, he is still a lowly human. We Demonic Dwellers will never submit to a human, I would rather die …"
Ye Xuan suddenly disappeared from his spot, and the next moment, the female's head directly smashed into the ground.
Bang!
Blood splattered everywhere!
She didn't die, but the female's body was deformed!
Ye Xuan looked at the female and grinned, "You have guts!"
After saying that, he stepped on the female's foot.
Bang!
The female's right foot directly shattered!
And it was not over yet, Ye Xuan kicked again …
Very quickly, the female's four limbs were broken by Ye Xuan's foot!
And it was not over yet, Ye Xuan suddenly grabbed the female's hair, and at this moment, the female said with a trembling voice, "Spare …"
Before she finished speaking, Ye Xuan suddenly grabbed the female's hair and violently smashed it on the ground …
Very quickly, the ground around him was filled with large craters.
After a while, Ye Xuan threw the female's corpse to the side, and in front of him, there was a pool of blood!
This scene directly scared the surrounding Demonic Dwellers silly!
The Demonic Dwellers all retreated, and looked at Ye Xuan as if they were looking at a monster!
And the Demonic Dweller beside Ye Xuan that was dragged away by him earlier had already fainted from fright!
This is too violent!
Ye Xuan clapped his hands, turned his head to look at the Demonic Dwellers, and grinned, "Do you still have guts?
I specialize in dealing with those who refuse to submit! "
Everyone looked at Ye Xuan as if they were looking at a devil!
And Ye Xuan himself did not notice that his eyes were actually a little scarlet.
But very quickly, Ye Xuan also noticed that something was wrong!
He slowly closed his eyes!
Because he discovered that the blood vessels in his body actually started to surge again!
He can feel that it is not Immortal Blood Meridians, but Mad Demon Blood Meridians!
But very quickly, the blood in his body returned to normal!
Ye Xuan frowned, what is going on?
After a while, Ye Xuan collected his thoughts, turned to look at Lin Yan and the little girl, and said with a smile: "Let's go!"
Finished speaking, the three of them continued to move forward!
And this time, no Demonic Dwellers stopped them.
On the other side of the street, there is a horse carriage, and inside the horse carriage is a woman, it is the Demonic Dweller that Ye Xuan met once before outside the city!
She has seen everything that happened on the street just now!
The Demonic Dweller looked at Ye Xuan's back, no one knows what she is thinking.
At this time, not far from her, a Demonic Dweller cavalry suddenly said: "Miss, the sky is going to turn dark!
We must leave this place before the sky turns dark! "
The Demonic Dweller glanced at the sky, nodded slightly, and put down the curtain.
The horse carriage continued to move forward!
...
Ye Xuan, Lin Yan, and the little girl arrived at the teleportation field of Divine Capital City, there are over a hundred teleportation points here, and they can lead to various places in the Devil Dimension.
Ye Xuan glanced at the teleportation points, and every teleportation point has a name written below it.
Very quickly, Ye Xuan found the teleportation point that leads to the Mortal Dimension.
Just as Ye Xuan was about to lead the two of them to the teleportation point, Ye Xuan suddenly turned to look, and there is a group of people walking over!
It is the group of people that he met outside the city, and at this moment, the woman in the horse carriage has walked out!
The soldiers around the woman are looking at Ye Xuan with extremely vigilant expressions!
The woman glanced at Ye Xuan, and then she led the group of people towards the teleportation point.
Ye Xuan did not stay for long, and he led Lin Yan and the little girl towards the teleportation point. However, just as they were about to enter the teleportation point, the sky suddenly split open, and the next moment, a white light suddenly descended from the sky!
Boom!
Before the crowd could react, the teleportation array had been turned into nothingness!
When the white light dissipated, a person walked out. When he saw this person, Ye Xuan, who was in the distance, had a drastic change in his expression. He was so frightened that he took a few steps back. "F * ck … What the hell …"
....
PS: Many readers said that to open a new map, I want to write a few thousand chapters. Don't worry, I have never written more than 500 chapters in a world.
The story of the Devil Dimension can't even be written for dozens of chapters.
Everyone, don't worry, The Only Sword won't write for too long, because only popular books will the author continue writing crazily, because it can earn money.
The Only Sword isn't popular, so when it's time to end, I won't write too much.
Sometimes, when I slow down, I just want to write a better story, because if the plot is too fast, it's easy to lose a lot of people, and if I slow down, it's easy to be criticized … When I slow down, I try to write as much as possible, so that everyone can read more comfortably!
Thank you to all the readers who have supported me, especially those from Zongheng who have quietly subscribed and supported me. It's your subscription and support that allowed me to persevere for so long.
I don't want to be a young model anymore!
Because I'm already a flop!
Everyone, don't compare me to some of the gods, saying that the gods don't care about the original subscription, and even suggesting that the readers read the pirated version … That's because the copyright is worth tens of millions … The Only Sword's copyright isn't worth much … No, no one wants it!
The top gods want the copyright, but we, the poor authors, can only beg for subscriptions!
The number of readers who read the original version is really too little!
If it weren't for the support of the readers from Zongheng, this book might have already been abandoned.
What Three Swords, what Qing'Er … It's all gone now.
Or is it that in the hearts of some readers, I'm also a god?
A yearly income of tens of millions?
To be honest, I have this dream every day!
fpzw








Chapter 1582
The reason why Ye Xuan was so shocked was because he knew the person in front of him!
This person was none other than Mu Xiaodao!
Mu Xiaodao!
Ye Xuan looked at Mu Xiaodao in front of him in a daze. Damn it, how much hatred does she have?
She chased me all the way here!
Is this woman crazy?
Mu Xiaodao slowly closed her eyes. Her face was slightly pale. It was obvious that she had consumed a lot of energy.
Ye Xuan glanced at Mu Xiaodao and felt like slipping away!
But he knew that he couldn't slip away now!
Not to mention now, even if his cultivation wasn't sealed, he might not be able to defeat this woman!
At this moment, Mu Xiaodao suddenly opened her eyes and looked at Ye Xuan. The corners of her mouth curled up. "Long time no see!"
Ye Xuan looked at Mu Xiaodao. "Miss Mu, I really admire you. You actually chased me all the way here!
You're really a talent! "
Mu Xiaodao sized up Ye Xuan, and her eyes suddenly lit up. "Your cultivation has been sealed!"
Ye Xuan's expression was calm. "Yes!"
Mu Xiaodao opened her palm and a flying knife suddenly appeared in her hand. She looked at Ye Xuan with a faint smile. "Come, I'll let you punch me first!"
Ye Xuan, "…"
On the other side, the demonic woman sized up Mu Xiaodao. No one knew what she was thinking.
At this moment, a powerful aura suddenly came from afar!
Everyone looked up. The space in the sky suddenly split open. In the next moment, a middle-aged man walked out.
It was a demonic person!
An Eternal Realm expert!
After the middle-aged man appeared, his gaze fell on Ye Xuan and the others. When he saw Ye Xuan and the others, his eyes immediately turned cold. "You slaughtered the demonic people in the city?"
Ye Xuan didn't say anything.
Mu Xiaodao blinked her eyes and put away her flying knife. Obviously, she wanted to watch the show.
At this moment, dozens of people suddenly appeared behind the middle-aged man!
These people all had very strong auras. The weakest was at the Dao Attainment Realm!
The middle aged man glanced at Ye Xuan and the others before he said, "Kill them!"
As soon as he finished speaking, the people behind him suddenly charged towards the group below!
Those people were not only targeting Ye Xuan, they were also targeting Mu Xiaodao!
Seeing this scene, Mu Xiaodao suddenly frowned. "Wait!"
However, those Devil Dweller experts didn't wait at all. A Devil Dweller directly charged in front of her and stabbed his spear towards her head. Before the spear could even get close to Mu Xiaodao, the Devil Dweller's head flew into the air!
In the distance, Ye Xuan had already defeated more than ten Demonic Cultivators!
They were all instant kills!
When they saw this scene, the remaining devil-dwellers didn't dare to move forward!
In the sky, the middle-aged man frowned deeply. There was a trace of seriousness in his eyes. The strength of these two humans had exceeded his expectations!
Without any hesitation, the middle-aged man took out a Voice Transmission Stone.
Call for help!
At this moment, Mu Xiaodao, who was not far away, suddenly looked at the middle-aged man. "Is there something wrong with your head?"
The middle-aged man looked at Mu Xiaodao. Mu Xiaodao pointed at herself. "Why did you hit me?
I'm not on his side! "
The middle-aged man gazed at Mu Xiaodao. "So I can't hit you if I'm not on your side?"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Mu Xiaodao's gaze gradually turned cold as she gazed at the middle-aged man. "Are you retarded!?"
The middle-aged man stared fixedly at Mu Xiaodao. "All of you lowly humans deserve death!"
Mu Xiaodao's beautiful brows knit together slightly when she heard this. "Lowly humans?"
The middle-aged man spoke coldly. "Aren't humans lowly?"
Mu Xiaodao blinked, and then she gazed at Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan spoke seriously. "They discriminate against humans!"
Mu Xiaodao gazed at the middle-aged man with slight surprise. "You discriminate against humans?"
The middle-aged man laughed coldly. "Lowly humans, all of you are only fit to be dogs of us Devil Dwellers!"
Ye Xuan shook his head.
He'd finally noticed!
These people discriminated against humans, and it wasn't just an ordinary level of severity.
Mu Xiaodao suddenly turned to look at Ye Xuan. "Did you just slaughter those Devil Dwellers?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Mu Xiaodao gave a thumbs up. "Well done!"
As soon as she finished speaking, the flying dagger in her hand suddenly disappeared. In the next moment, the middle-aged man's head flew into the air!
Before the remaining Devil Dwellers could react, their heads flew into the air one after another!
In less than a breath's time, the middle-aged man and the others were all instantly killed!
Seeing this scene, the female Devil Dweller and the others were dumbfounded!
That was a Consolidation Realm expert!
They were instantly killed just like that?
At this moment, Mu Xiaodao turned to look at the female Devil Dweller and the others. The expressions of the female Devil Dweller and the others instantly changed. The female Devil Dweller hurriedly said, "Sir, we do not discriminate against humans!"
Mu Xiaodao glanced at the female Devil Dweller and put away her flying dagger. She looked at Ye Xuan. At this moment, the distant horizon suddenly split open. In the next moment, a group of Devil Dwellers charged out!
The leader was an old man!
When he saw the corpses of the Devil Dwellers, the old man's gaze immediately turned cold, and he looked at Mu Xiaodao in the distance, "You killed them?"
Mu Xiaodao nodded and smiled, "I killed them!
Not convinced? "
The old man's eyes narrowed slightly, "You're very arrogant!"
Mu Xiaodao smiled, and then she opened her palm. A flying dagger suddenly appeared in her hand. In the next moment, the flying dagger suddenly flew out.
In the sky, the old man's pupils suddenly constricted, and he suddenly smashed his fist forward!
As his fist descended, the space in front of him transformed into an enormous crater!
However, who was this person in front of her?
It was Mu Xiaodao!
The flying dagger slashed through the sky.
Hiss!
The old man's body was directly slashed into two by the flying dagger, and blood covered the ground!
The flying dagger didn't vanish. After it circled the sky once, the Devil Dwellers in the sky were instantly killed!
They didn't even have the strength to fight back!
The female Devil Dweller and the others were horrified by this scene. These two humans before them were truly too terrifying!
Mu Xiaodao opened her palm, and the flying dagger returned to her hand. She gazed at Ye Xuan who stood nearby. Ye Xuan smiled embarrassedly, "Humans don't fight humans!"
Mu Xiaodao gazed at Ye Xuan, and then she opened her palm and the flying dagger appeared. Ye Xuan's eyelids twitched when he witnessed this scene, and he hurriedly said, "Let's stop for a moment!"
Mu Xiaodao blinked, "Are you trying to trick me?"
Ye Xuan spoke in a low voice, "Can you let me finish something before we fight?"
Mu Xiaodao thought for a moment and said, "Go ahead!"
Ye Xuan gazed at Lin Yan and the young girl, "I want to send them to the Mortal Dimension. It's truly too dangerous for them to stay here!"
Mu Xiaodao glanced at Lin Yan and the little girl and smiled, "You can rest in peace!
I'll help you send them to the Mortal Dimension! "
As she spoke, she was about to attack. Meanwhile, Ye Xuan suddenly said, "If you really want to do that, then I'll have to release the sword energy within me!
It's the sword energy left behind by that green clothed man! "
Sword energy!
Mu Xiaodao immediately stopped and glanced at Ye Xuan, "You have sword energy within you?"
Ye Xuan smiled, "You can sense it for yourself!"
Mu Xiaodao gazed at Ye Xuan, and her expression gradually became slightly solemn!
He really does!
Ye Xuan smiled, "Miss Mu, even though my cultivation is sealed right now, if I release this sword energy that can save my life, then …. Hehehe …."
Mu Xiaodao fell silent for a moment before she suddenly smiled, "I, Mu Xiaodao, am not an unreasonable person. You're doing a good deed by sending these two humans to the Mortal Dimension, so how could I stop you?
Come, I'll go with both of you! "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Mu Xiaodao blinked, "Are we going or not?"
Ye Xuan spoke indifferently, "When you came, you destroyed the teleportation formation!
There's no way to leave now! "
Mu Xiaodao turned around and saw that the teleportation formations behind her had been destroyed!
Meanwhile, the woman suddenly said, "Both of you can head to Hidden Heaven City. There's a teleportation formation there that can teleport you to the surroundings of the Mortal Dimension."
Ye Xuan gazed at the woman, "Hidden Heaven City?"
The woman nodded, "Yes!
It's a few hundred kilometers ahead! "
Ye Xuan thought for a moment and said, "Thank you!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he gazed at Mu Xiaodao, "Let's go!"
It didn't take long for them to continue on their way.
The woman gazed at the figures of Ye Xuan and the others in the distance, and she said softly, "I'm afraid their journey won't be peaceful!"
An old man by the woman's side spoke in a low voice, "Young Miss, these two humans might not be from our Demon Domain!"
The woman nodded, "I know!
Both of them are shocked by how the Demon Domain discriminates against humans. Obviously, they've just arrived here. "
The old man nodded, "If I'm not wrong, Demon City should know about them!"
The woman glanced at the corpses of the Demon Domain in the distance, all of them came from Demon City.
After a while, the woman suddenly spoke, "The secret domain will open in a few days, let's go!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she turned and left.
Soon, the group of Demon Domain vanished into the distance.
...
Outside the city, Ye Xuan's group of four headed towards Hidden Heaven City.
On the way, Ye Xuan suddenly asked, "Young Miss Mu, can I ask you about something?"
Mu Xiaodao spoke indifferently, "You want to ask about Xiao Er?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Mu Xiaodao smiled, "Don't worry, she'll be fine."
Ye Xuan frowned, "Really?"
Mu Xiaodao said indifferently, "No one in the Cosmos God Court can punish her. The only thing that can punish her is the Misfortune Law. The Misfortune Law won't really hurt her, but it will probably brainwash her. Therefore, you have to be careful!
Because the next time you meet her, she might have already been brainwashed! "
Ye Xuan glanced at Mu Xiaodao, "What about you?
Have you been brainwashed? "
Mu Xiaodao spoke indifferently, "I've been brainwashed every day, but I'm just listening.
You can have faith, but you have to be rational. Because many people like to use faith to enslave others.
Anyway, if faith is good for me, I'll believe, if it's not good, I won't believe a chicken feather! "
Ye Xuan gave a thumbs up, "Amazing!"
He suddenly realised that this Mu Xiaodao was actually a person who was neither good nor evil, and also an especially shameless person!
If it's good for her, she'll acknowledge it, if it's not good for her, she won't acknowledge it …
The Cosmos Divine Court was really unlucky to accept such a person!
At this moment, Mu Xiaodao spoke suddenly, "You asked me a question just now, I want to ask you a question too!"
Ye Xuan said, "Speak!"
Mu Xiaodao spoke indifferently, "That green-robed man is quite strong!
Did he tell you how to surpass the Mortal Realm?! "
Ye Xuan's expression became strange!
Damn it!
This woman isn't here to kill me, she's here to ask for information!
.....








Chapter 1583
Beyond the Mortal Realm!
Ye Xuan knew what was going on. He asked calmly, "Miss Mu, have you not surpassed the Mortal Realm?"
Mu Xiaodao glanced at Ye Xuan, "Is there a problem?"
Ye Xuan smiled, "There's no other meaning. Miss Mu is so strong that I always thought you had surpassed the Mortal Realm!"
Mu Xiaodao's expression was calm, "You haven't answered my question!"
Ye Xuan thought about it and said, "He did!"
Mu Xiaodao looked at Ye Xuan, "How do I break through to the Mortal Realm?"
Ye Xuan smiled, "Miss Mu, there's something I'm curious about. The laws of the universe are so strong. Logically speaking, they should be able to help you surpass the Mortal Realm, right?"
Mu Xiaodao went silent for a while, "Would you believe me if I told you that I've never seen the laws of the universe?"
Ye Xuan frowned, "How is that possible!
You're a Guardian of the Universe! "
Mu Xiaodao said, "Not just me, besides Yi Xin, almost all the other Guardians of the Universe have never seen the laws of the universe!
The reason we became Guardians of the Universe was because we passed some tests.
As for the laws of the universe, we've never seen them before. "
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "Are they really that mysterious?"
Mu Xiaodao looked towards the depths of space, "A very long time ago, the laws of the universe were everywhere. But later on, when someone started to defy the laws of the universe, the laws of the universe went into hiding. When they went into hiding, even we couldn't contact them!"
Ye Xuan suddenly asked, "What about the Cosmos God Court?
Was it created by the laws of the universe? "
Mu Xiaodao said, "Sort of!
However, the first God Lord of the Cosmos God Court, the founder of the Cosmos God Court, no one knows who he is!
The current God Lord of the Cosmos God Court is a fellow called Di Xin! "
Ye Xuan went silent for a while, then asked, "Are there any existences in the Cosmos God Court that have surpassed the Mortal Realm?"
Mu Xiaodao thought about it and said, "There are many!"
Ye Xuan, "…"
Mu Xiaodao pretended to be surprised, "Eh, you don't look too good!
Are you sick? "
Ye Xuan said indifferently, "If I can't beat them, I'll call for help!"
Mu Xiaodao's smile froze.
Ye Xuan also pretended to be surprised. "Miss Xiao Dao, your expression doesn't look good either. Are you sick?
Come on, take off your clothes!
I'll take a look at you … "
Mu Xiaodao opened her palm and a flying knife appeared in her hand. She looked at Ye Xuan with a smile that was not a smile. "Do you want to see?"
Ye Xuan said seriously, "Looks like Miss Xiao Dao has recovered from her illness!
I don't want to watch anymore! "
Mu Xiaodao glanced at Ye Xuan, "Do you want to know the strongest people in the Cosmos God Court?"
Ye Xuan quickly asked, "Who?"
Mu Xiaodao smiled and said, "Di Xin!
There was also Wu Ke from the Heavenly King Palace!
He had met Di Xin a long, long time ago!
This is a person who makes me feel very dangerous!
In this world, there are very, very few things that can make me feel extremely dangerous! "
Ye Xuan asked again, "What about Wu Ke?"
Mu Xiaodao said, "She is from the Heaven King Hall. She is the hall master of the first hall under the God Court. She is in charge of the 72 Heaven Kings.
It is said that with her strength, she could have entered the God Court a long time ago and obtained a word from the laws of the universe with another fella.
However, for some reason, she did not enter the God Court and has always been in the Heaven King Hall!
However, there was once a super expert in the God Court who fought with her and was defeated in ten moves!
And that expert had already surpassed the mortal realm a long, long time ago! "
Ye Xuan went silent for a while and continued to ask, "What about the other one?"
Mu Xiaodao said indifferently, "Lord God Official, known as the number one person under the laws. He is the other fella that I mentioned just now. He is in charge of the 36 ancient gods and the mysterious Spirit Hall!"
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "During the war, these people you mentioned didn't come, right?"
Mu Xiaodao nodded.
Ye Xuan was confused, "Why didn't they come?"
Mu Xiaodao glanced at Ye Xuan, "You are not the only target of the Cosmos God Court!"
Ye Xuan frowned slightly, "What do you mean?"
Mu Xiaodao said indifferently, "In this vast universe, the Cosmos God Court still has some opponents. These people do not abide by the laws of the universe. There are also some who want to overthrow the Cosmos God Court."
Ye Xuan blinked, "Overthrow the Cosmos God Court?"
Mu Xiaodao nodded, "For example, some people who want to obtain eternal life. These people are extremely strong. They want to go against the laws of the universe and obtain eternal life. These people are the targets of the Cosmos God Court!
Other than that, there are some extremely strong people who want to reincarnate. These people are also the targets of the Cosmos God Court.
According to what I know, there are two powers that are giving the Cosmos God Court a headache! "
Ye Xuan asked, "Which two!"
Mu Xiaodao said, "Sky Estate and Nether Hall!"
"Nether Hall!"
Ye Xuan was astonished, "You mean Nether Hall?"
Mu Xiaodao glanced at Ye Xuan, "You know them?"
Ye Xuan nodded, his heart was incomparably shocked!
He did not expect his aunt's Nether Hall to be in conflict with the Cosmos God Court!
Mu Xiaodao continued, "Other than these two super powers, there is also a wanted list within the Cosmos God Court. It is called the Universe's Wanted List. The top ten people on this list are all extremely terrifying people!
According to what I know, the top three people on this wanted list are all extremely terrifying experts. They are people that can give the Cosmos God Court a headache. "
Ye Xuan blinked, "Really?"
Mu Xiaodao nodded, "The Cosmos God Court did not pay attention to you previously because they had stronger people to deal with!
However, now, the Cosmos God Court will definitely pay attention to you!
And you are already on the Universe's Wanted List! "
Ye Xuan was slightly curious, "What's my rank on the list?"
Mu Xiaodao said indifferently, "36!"
"Fuck!"
Ye Xuan suddenly jumped up and said angrily, "I'm only 36?
I'm only 36? "
Mu Xiaodao glanced at Ye Xuan, "Why, is it low?"
Ye Xuan pointed at himself in disbelief, "I'm so powerful but I'm only 36?"
Ye Xuan said indifferently, "You're powerful?
Think about it, if you did not have the help of the Undying Emperor Clan and the green robed man, would you still be powerful? "
Ye Xuan went silent.
Mu Xiaodao said indifferently, "Without their help, I can deal with you alone right?"
Ye Xuan thought about it and said, "Why don't we change the topic?"
Mu Xiaodao: "…"
Ye Xuan shook his head and smiled. Actually, he knew that he was not strong enough but he was really sullen!
He had just reached the mortal realm and thought that he could act cool!
But he did not expect that a huge group of mortal realm experts would come to fight him. Moreover, even those above mortal realm had appeared!
He did not want to call for help. He wanted to rely on himself and then kill his way to the Cosmos God Court and shout: I want to die!
But he was not strong enough!
At this moment, Mu Xiaodao said, "But you have to be careful now!
Because the Cosmos God Court has started to pay attention to you!
If I'm not wrong, they should be looking for you! "
Ye Xuan: "…"
Mu Xiaodao suddenly said, "You have asked me so many questions, now it's my turn to ask you!"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Ask away!"
Mu Xiaodao looked at Ye Xuan, "Who is the green robed man?"
Ye Xuan said, "My father!"
Mu Xiaodao blinked, "Your father?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Mu Xiaodao went silent for a moment and asked, "What about the woman in the plain dress?"
Ye Xuan said, "My sister!"
Mu Xiaodao's eyes widened, "Are you sure?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "But she is not related to the green robed man. She is my … sister from my previous life!"
Mu Xiaodao went silent for a long time before saying, "So that means that the green robed man is your father, the plain dress woman is your sister and that white robed Swordsman is your big brother?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
Mu Xiaodao gave a thumbs up to Ye Xuan, "I'm impressed!"
Ye Xuan: "…"
Mu Xiaodao sighed softly and a sense of helplessness rose in her heart!
How could the Cosmos God Court fight against this strong second generation?
She had never faced the plain dress woman before and did not know her true strength. But how could a person who dared to search for the laws of the universe be weak?
She had seen the white robed Swordsman and the green robed man and had fought them before. Just thinking about them made her despair!
Mu Xiaodao sighed again and turned to look at Ye Xuan. Was the Cosmos God Court really going to fight to the death with this strong second generation?
At this moment, she was a little worried for the Cosmos God Court!
After a long time, Mu Xiaodao asked again, "Did they teach you how to reach beyond the Mortal Realm?"
Ye Xuan shook his head, "No!"
Mu Xiaodao nodded and did not speak anymore.
Ye Xuan looked at Mu Xiaodao, "Miss Mu, you did not come to find me to kill me, right?"
Mu Xiaodao said calmly, "Let's see how it goes!"
Ye Xuan: "…"
As the two spoke, they had unknowingly arrived at Hidden Sky City.
Buried Sky City was bigger and more prosperous than Sky Capital City. There were people coming and going in front of the city gates. Of course, they were all demons!
When Ye Xuan and co. arrived at the city gates, countless demons looked over. These demons looked at Ye Xuan and co. with undisguised hostility.
Ye Xuan looked at those demons, "Miss Mu, is the Cosmos God Court not welcomed here?"
Mu Xiaodao said calmly, "The Cosmos God Court only has contact with a few top powers here!"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan understood!
This meant that some of the lower powers in the demon domain did not even know the Cosmos God Court!
At this moment, the demon soldiers suddenly retreated.
Seeing this, Ye Xuan frowned slightly.
These fellows actually did not attack?
There was something fishy going on!
Soon, Ye Xuan and co. entered the city. Just as they entered, the city gates behind them suddenly closed!
Seeing this, Ye Xuan shook his head.
The racial discrimination in the demon domain had reached such an extent. No matter how strong they were, they still wanted to kill them!
Right at this moment, countless soldiers suddenly appeared around the city walls. At the same time, thousands of Devilkin soldiers walked over in a formation in front of them. These Devilkin soldiers were clearly the elites of the elites, and all of them emanated a murderous aura!
Other than that, countless archers suddenly appeared on the surrounding houses!
They were surrounded!
Ye Xuan looked at Mu Xiaodao, "The humans are being bullied to this extent. Cosmos God Court is not going to do anything?"
Mu Xiaodao said calmly, "How?
Exterminate the demons in the demon domain? "
Ye Xuan frowned slightly, "Aren't you guys protecting the order of the universe?"
Mu Xiaodao looked at Ye Xuan, "The demons did not go against the order of the universe!
Moreover, if we help the humans fight the demons, when the demons are weaker, won't the humans still enslave them?
Moreover, you pity the humans. Do you know how cruel the humans are to other races? "
Ye Xuan was about to speak. At this moment, the sky suddenly split open. At the next moment, a demon elder walked out!
God Valiant Stage expert!
The demon elder looked down at Ye Xuan and co.. Moments later, he waved his right hand. The soldiers in his hand instantly retreated like a receding tide!
Apparently, he had sensed the strength of Ye Xuan and Lin Xuan!
He knew that soldiers like Dao Yi were useless against them!
The demon elder looked at Ye Xuan, "Who exactly are you!"
Ye Xuan thought for a moment and said, "Have you heard of the Cosmos God Court?"
The demon elder squinted his eyes, "You are from the Cosmos God Court?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Yes!"
The demon elder suddenly said fiercely, "Is the Cosmos God Court very amazing?"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The demon elder stared at Ye Xuan, "The two of you have massacred tens of thousands of demons. There's no need to talk about the Cosmos God Court, even the laws of the universe wouldn't be able to protect the two of you!"
Ye Xuan was dumbfounded. F * ck, even I'm not as arrogant as you!
He almost couldn't help but want to give the old man a thumbs up!
....
PS: I've been working hard to save manuscripts. By the way, have I ever released more than 10 chapters?
!!








Chapter 1584
Beside Ye Xuan, Mu Xiaodao's expression was unusually calm. She glanced at the demon old man, "You don't even place the Cosmos God Court in your eyes?"
The demon old man looked at Mu Xiaodao and mocked, "Is the Cosmos God Court worthy of my Demon World's attention?"
Ye Xuan gave the demon old man a thumbs up, "Impressive!"
Mu Xiaodao looked at the demon old man, "You are really arrogant!"
The moment she finished speaking, she opened her palm and a flying knife appeared in it. In the next instant, the flying knife suddenly disappeared.
Chi!
A sharp tearing sound could be heard!
In the sky, the demon old man's pupils constricted. Just as he was about to attack, a flying knife suddenly appeared in between his eyebrows. The knife penetrated half an inch and fresh blood flowed out!
Mu Xiaodao did not kill the demon old man immediately. She walked in front of the demon old man, "What rights do you have to look down on the Cosmos God Court?"
The demon old man stared at Mu Xiaodao, "Do you dare to let me call for help!"
Ye Xuan, "…"
Mu Xiaodao nodded, "Sure!
Call for help! "
With that, she retreated to the side. However, the flying knife still pierced the demon old man's eyebrows!
The demon old man hurriedly took out a sound transmission stone and started to call for help …
Below, Ye Xuan glanced at Mu Xiaodao and said, "There is no need for us to waste time with him!"
Mu Xiaodao raged, "It's fine if he looks down on the Cosmos God Court!
What right does he have to look down on the laws of the universe? "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Clearly, the demon old man's words' even if the laws of the universe came, they wouldn't be able to protect the two of you 'had agitated Mu Xiaodao.
Ye Xuan glanced at the demon old man. He was slightly impressed by this old man. To be honest, only three swords could look down on the laws of the universe and the Cosmos God Court!
Moreover, this old man's words and expressions were filled with disdain towards the Cosmos God Court and the laws of the universe!
Towards this, Mo Wuji could not understand!
At this moment, the space behind the demon old man suddenly trembled.
It's coming!
The demon elder stared at Mu Xiaodao, "You will bring a calamity to your Cosmos God Court!"
Below, Ye Xuan was dumbfounded.
Even he felt a little ashamed of his own inferiority when it came to acting tough!
Mu Xiaodao looked at the old man. She just looked at him with a calm expression. However, the space around her suddenly trembled.
At this moment, a middle-aged man suddenly walked out from behind the Demonic Cultivator. The middle-aged man wore a gorgeous brocade robe. He was tall and sturdy, and there was a hint of hostility between his brows.
Heaven's Final Realm expert!
The middle-aged man looked down at Mu Xiaodao, "You are from the Cosmos God Court?"
Mu Xiaodao nodded.
The middle-aged man stared at Mu Xiaodao, "Is the Cosmos God Court very impressive?"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Mu Xiaodao nodded. "To some people, it's really nothing!
But … "
As she spoke, she looked at the middle-aged man, "What kind of trash are you? How dare you look down on the Cosmos God Court?"
The moment she said that, she opened her palm and a flying knife flew out!
In the sky, the middle-aged man's pupils constricted. He punched downwards. This punch caused the space in front of him to shatter. At the same time, the space around him cracked!
However, his fist wasn't able to block Mu Xiaodao's flying knife. The flying knife pierced through his fist and slashed his head along his arm.
Chi!
The middle-aged man's body was split into two. Fresh blood spurted out like a fountain. It was extremely bloody!
On the other side, the Demonic Cultivator was stunned!
A Heaven's Final Realm expert was killed just like that?
Mu Xiaodao looked at the Demonic Cultivator, "Do you still want to call for more people?"
The Demonic Cultivator stared at Mu Xiaodao, "Do you know who you killed?
You … "
As he said that, the flying knife stabbed into his forehead.
Chi!
The Demonic Cultivator died on the spot!
Ye Xuan turned his head and looked at Mu Xiaodao. Mu Xiaodao said, "These people are too weak!
Let's not waste time with them!
Let's go! "
Ye Xuan nodded.
All of them continued forward.
On the way, the little girl by Ye Xuan's side suddenly pulled his hand and said softly, "Big brother, is the Cosmos God Court really powerful?"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Mu Xiaodao glanced at the little girl, "What's your name?"
The little girl hesitated for a moment and said, "I don't have a name. Many slaves don't have names!"
Mu Xiaodao frowned slightly, "Are all the humans here slaves?"
Lin Yan suddenly said, "Besides the Mortal Dimension!
All the other humans are slaves of the Demonic Cultivators! "
Mu Xiaodao shook his head, "The humans in this place are too bad!"
In next to no time, they arrived at the teleportation area of Hidden Heaven City. Ye Xuan glanced around and noticed the teleportation formation that led to the Mortal Dimension.
After they entered the teleportation formation, it started to tremble. Right when they were about to vanish completely, the space in the distance suddenly split open. In the next moment, a powerful aura swept over!
Mu Xiaodao frowned slightly when he saw this scene, and he was about to attack!
Ye Xuan stopped Mu Xiaodao, "Ignore them for now!"
As soon as he spoke, the teleportation formation was activated, and they vanished.
Right after they vanished, a black-robed old demon suddenly appeared here. The old demon's expression instantly turned ferocious when he saw Ye Xuan and the others vanish, and then he suddenly slapped down with his palm, causing the teleportation formation below to instantly turn into ashes.
A short moment later, the black robed old man spoke fiercely, "Do you think the Mortal Dimension can protect all of you?"
As soon as he finished speaking, he turned around and vanished.
...
The news of Ye Xuan and Lin Yan slaughtering the Demonic Cultivators spread quickly, and the entire Devil Dimension exploded when they found out that two humans had slaughtered the Demonic Cultivators!
Humans slaughtering the Demonic Cultivators?
Isn't that going against the heavens?
It's an extraordinary humiliation!
The Demonic Cultivators were actually killed by humans, and that was an extraordinary humiliation to the Demonic Cultivators!
For a time, countless Demonic Cultivators formed groups and rushed to Hidden Heaven City.
Their objective was very simple, and it was to kill Ye Xuan and Lin Yan!
Moreover, many Demonic Cultivators surged into Demonic City and requested the city to send experts to kill the two humans. Because the other worlds had found out that the Demonic Cultivators had been slaughtered by humans, and the Demonic Cultivators of the Devil Dimension had become a laughing stock!
Demonic City.
Demonic City was the capital of the Devil Dimension, and it was the most prosperous place in the entire Devil Dimension.
At this moment, countless Demonic Cultivators had arrived at the Demonic City's main hall, and they requested to send experts to kill Ye Xuan and Lin Yan.
At this moment, the main hall of Demonic City was filled with experts, and the person in the lead was the son of the Devil Dimension's Lord, Cang Ming!
Because the Devil Dimension's Lord was in closed door cultivation, everything in the Devil Dimension was managed by his son, Cang Ming!
Cang Ming looked at the black robed old man before him, "Mortal Realm, are you sure?"
The black robed old man nodded and said in a low voice, "The woman with the flying dagger is indeed at the Mortal Realm!
As for the human, he's a little weak, and his cultivation is very low. His physical body is only at the Consolidation Realm, so there's nothing to worry about!
Our real target is the woman with the flying dagger! "
The woman with the flying dagger!
At this moment, a Demonic Cultivator old man suddenly said, "Is she sure that she's from the Cosmos God Court?"
The black robed old man nodded, "Yes!
Both of them should be from the Cosmos God Court! "
The Demonic Cultivator old man frowned, "Since when did a Mortal Realm expert appear in the Cosmos God Court?"
Within the main hall, all the Demonic Cultivator experts were filled with doubt.
In the Devil Domain Continent, there was a Cosmos Enforcer Hall, and this Cosmos Enforcer Hall belonged to the Cosmos God Court. However, the human experts in the Cosmos Enforcer Hall were very weak, and the strongest one was only at the Heavenly Dao Realm!
At this moment, Cang Ming suddenly said, "They should be from the outside world!"
The black robed old man nodded, "From our investigations, the two of them seem to be very unfamiliar with our Devil Domain. Therefore, they should be from the outside world!"
In the main hall, Cang Ming slowly closed his eyes.
Cosmos God Court!
Actually, he didn't know much. He only knew that when the Great Devil Lord was still around, the Great Devil Lord had come into contact with the Cosmos God Court. As for the strength of the Cosmos God Court, he didn't know either.
His father might know a little about Dao Yi!
However, his father was currently in closed door cultivation. Obviously, he wouldn't disturb him over such a small matter!
What was worth mentioning was that the Cosmos Enforcer Hall in the Devil Domain was really weak!
At this moment, the black robed old man spoke again, "Young World Lord, no matter what, we must capture these two. Otherwise, we might not be able to incur the wrath of the commoners!"
Another Demonic Cultivator said, "Actually, this is an opportunity for us!"
Everyone looked towards the Demonic Cultivator who spoke. The Demonic Cultivator continued, "Now, all the Demonic Cultivators in the Devil Domain want to kill these two humans. In other words, as long as we give the order, countless Demonic Cultivators will be willing to participate in the battle!
And we can take this opportunity to devour the entire Mortal World. "
Devour the Mortal World!
A trace of excitement flashed through Cang Ming's eyes. This was because the Mortal World had a Supreme Spiritual Vein. However, because the Dao Ancestor of the Mortal World had an agreement with the few Realms Lords, the few Realms didn't have an excuse to attack even though they coveted the Supreme Spiritual Vein!
Now, these two humans had escaped to the Mortal World!
Wasn't this an excuse that was given to them?
Cang Ming suddenly said, "Pass down my order, let the Demonic Cultivators return to Devil City immediately!"
"Understood!"
One of the Demonic Cultivators bowed respectfully before he retreated!
At this moment, a Demonic Cultivator Elder beside Cang Ming suddenly said, "Young World Lord, I think we should ask the Realms Lord about this matter!"
Cang Ming glanced at the Elder, "Elder Yu, do you think that I don't have the ability to handle this matter?"
Elder Yu shook his head, "No, it's just that … this Cosmos God Court isn't a simple organization. Since we don't know much about it, we should be more cautious to avoid provoking …"
Cang Ming shook his head and smiled, "He's just a Mortal Realm expert!
Moreover, Elder Yu, these two have slaughtered tens of thousands of Demonic Cultivators in the Devil World. If we sit back and do nothing, how do you think the Demonic Cultivators in the Devil World will look at us? "
Just as Elder Yu was about to speak, Cang Ming suddenly stood up, "Pass down my order, head to the Mortal World!"
Head to the Mortal World!
The moment this order was given, the entire Devil World was in an uproar!
Many Demonic Cultivators even shouted the slogan "Destroy the Cosmos God Court, destroy the Law" …
....








Chapter 1585
The Human Realm!
Not long after, Ye Xuan and the others appeared on an enormous teleportation platform.
Not too far away from them stood some demons, and they were in charge of maintaining the teleportation formations.
The demons were first stunned when they saw Ye Xuan's group, and then they were about to charge towards Ye Xuan's group. However, in the next moment, a flying dagger suddenly flashed past them.
Hiss ….
Over a dozen demons' heads flew into the air!
Mu Xiaodao glanced at Ye Xuan, "Let's go!"
With that, she walked off into the distance.
Ye Xuan shook his head and smiled. This woman is quite violent!
It's obvious that she doesn't have a good impression of these demons. However, that's normal. These demons treat humans like they've killed their parents. As long as it's a human, they wouldn't have a good impression of them!
The group advanced. Around an hour later, they arrived before an ancient city!
The City of Humans!
This city was the last pure land for humans in the Infernal Realm.
Humans in other places would either be enslaved or tortured to death. Only here could humans live with dignity!
And it was all because of a single person!
The Dao Ancestor!
All those years ago, he'd established his orthodoxy here and used his formidable strength to fight the Realm Lords of the Four Realms, forcing them to acknowledge his position in the Human Realm.
However, both sides had agreed that humans from the Human Realm could not leave the Human Realm. Otherwise, they would be responsible for their own lives!
Although the Dao Ancestor was strong, he couldn't save all humans!
Because if both sides continued to fight, then it would be a life and death struggle!
Perhaps the Dao Ancestor could survive, but countless humans would definitely die. Thus, the Dao Ancestor had stopped!
When they arrived at the city, Ye Xuan noticed that the city gates were tightly shut!
At this moment, a human man suddenly appeared on the city walls. He looked down at Ye Xuan and the others, "You're the ones who killed the demons!"
Obviously, everyone in the Human Realm knew what Ye Xuan and Mu Xiaodao had done!
Down below, Ye Xuan nodded. "Yes!"
The man suddenly said angrily, "You killed the demons, yet you've come to the Human Realm. Are you trying to drag us down?"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan was stunned.
Mu Xiaodao furrowed his brows.
Meanwhile, the man suddenly said angrily, "All of you killed the Devils, so the Devils in the Devil Dimension won't let all of you off, yet all of you still came to the Mortal Dimension. Do all of you know that you'll implicate all of us!?"
With Mu Xiaodao's explosive temper, she was about to make a move but was stopped by Ye Xuan!
Ye Xuan nodded. "You're right!
How about this? We were the ones who killed the Devil Dwellers, so you guys let my two friends in. The two of us will leave this place and lure the Devil Dwellers away! "
The man stared at Ye Xuan. "Dream on!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
At this moment, a group of human soldiers suddenly appeared on the city walls. These soldiers were all holding longbows, and they were already aiming at Ye Xuan and the others.
The man in the lead held a spear in his hand.
He pointed his bow at Ye Xuan with an indifferent look on his face. "Get out of here!
Don't drag us down with you! "
Ye Xuan thought for a moment and said, "I don't quite understand!
Humans are in such a miserable state!
Why can't they unite? "
The man spoke fiercely, "Unite?
Do you know that killing the Devil Dwellers is equivalent to infuriating all the Devils in the Devil Dimension? Not only will they not let all of you off, they might even vent their anger on the entire Mortal Dimension! "
Ye Xuan was about to speak when a voice resounded from the city walls. "Li Feng, we can't let them leave!"
It was a human woman who was around the age of 20, and she was very beautiful.
She gazed coldly at Ye Xuan and the others, "They've infuriated all the Devils in the Devil Dimension. Not only will they not let them off, they won't let us off as well!
There's only one way to stop them from venting their anger on us, and that's to capture them and hand them over to the Devils in the Devil Dimension! "
The man called Li Feng's eyes narrowed when he heard this, and then he waved his right hand. It didn't take long for a few dozen human experts to appear behind Ye Xuan and the others.
Obviously, they weren't allowing Ye Xuan and the others to leave!
Meanwhile, Lin Yan who stood by Ye Xuan's side spoke angrily, "We're all humans. Even if all of you don't want to help, how can you hit us when we're down!?"
Li Feng's face was expressionless, "Why are all of you killing the Devils?"
Lin Yan spoke angrily, "The Devils want to kill us!"
Li Feng spoke angrily, "What does it have to do with us!?"
Lin Yan was furious to the point of almost going berserk!
Mu Xiaodao suddenly looked at Ye Xuan, "I suddenly feel that even though you're a bit cheap, you're still a man!
But at least you're a man! "
As she spoke, she raised her head to look at Li Feng who stood on the city walls, "I don't think there's anything wrong with all of you not helping us. After all, this is your right. Moreover, all of you don't owe us anything!
But don't you feel that what you said is … very cold-blooded?
Just like what this Bitch Ye said, the human race is already in such a miserable state!
Even if you don't help us, you shouldn't go so far as to hit us when we're down, right? "
Ye Xuan glanced at Mu Xiaodao and felt slightly surprised in his heart. In his impression, this woman was rarely reasonable!
This woman would only be reasonable if she couldn't win!
The woman on the city walls spoke coldly, "Cold-blooded?
Hitting us when we're down?
Then do you know that all the Devils in the Devil Dimension will hate us when you come to our Mortal Dimension?
Have all of you thought about our situation? "
Ye Xuan thought for a moment and said, "Let's go!"
Mu Xiaodao glanced at Ye Xuan and didn't say anything.
They were about to leave!
At this moment, the woman suddenly spoke angrily, "You can't leave!"
As soon as she finished speaking, the experts in front of Ye Xuan and the others were about to attack.
Ye Xuan and the others stopped. Ye Xuan turned to look at the woman, and the woman stared fixedly at him, "If all of you leave, the Devils will definitely not let this matter rest!
They'll definitely vent their anger on us, so all of you can't leave. "
Ye Xuan smiled, "Then what do you intend to do?"
The woman gazed at Ye Xuan for a short moment, "The Devils will only be appeased if all of you die. So, all of you must die!"
As she spoke, she waved her right hand and was about to give the order to kill Ye Xuan and the others.
Right at this moment, the sky in the distance suddenly split apart, and an extremely terrifying aura suddenly assaulted them from the sky.
The expressions of the human experts on the city walls instantly changed when they witnessed this scene!
The woman looked up at the sky with a pale face, "We're finished!
The Devils are here!
We're finished! "
As she spoke, she seemed to have thought of something, and she suddenly pointed angrily at Ye Xuan and the others, "It's all because of all of you! All of you lowly humans! The Devils want to kill all of you, so why did all of you resist? Why don't all of you just die!?"
Fuck!
Ye Xuan was dumbstruck when he heard this. Needless to say, this woman's words had truly toppled his worldview!
He knew that human nature was ugly, but he hadn't expected it to be ugly to this extent!
Ye Xuan turned to look at Mu Xiaodao, "Looking at this woman, I suddenly feel that you're not bad!"
To be honest, although Mu Xiaodao was an opponent, and a life and death opponent at that, he still respected Mu Xiaodao quite a bit. At least this woman wasn't so ugly!
Mu Xiaodao's expression was calm. She opened her palm and a flying dagger suddenly appeared. At this moment, Ye Xuan had already charged forward. He really couldn't hold it in any longer!
He wanted to smash this woman's dog head!
However, just as he approached the city walls, a powerful force suddenly surged out from above the city walls!
Bang!
Ye Xuan was directly jolted back to his original spot!
City Barrier Formation!
Ye Xuan glanced at the city walls, and a huge screen of light had suddenly appeared on the city walls!
It was somewhat familiar!
After all, he had also cultivated the Dao Scripture, and this formation had the aura of the Dao Scripture. Obviously, this formation was set up by a Dao Ancestor!
At this moment, the sky in the distance suddenly split open, and a middle-aged man walked out!
The one who walked out was the Young Realm Lord of the Devil World, and behind him was a densely packed group of devil experts!
Among them, there were more than twenty Heavenly Vigor Realm experts and more than a hundred Divine Vigor Realm experts. As for the rest, there were hundreds of Consolidation Realm experts!
This formation was a bit strong!
Vast Ming looked down at Ye Xuan and the rest, and finally, his gaze landed on Mu Xiaodao, "You're from the Cosmos God Court!"
Mu Xiaodao nodded, "Yes!"
Vast Ming laughed lightly, "Did the Cosmos God Court give you the guts?"
Mu Xiaodao looked at Vast Ming, but didn't speak.
At this moment, the woman on the city wall suddenly bowed to Vast Ming, "I'm Han Meng, greeting the respected Young Realm Lord of the Devil World!"
Vast Ming looked at Han Meng, and Han Meng hurriedly said, "Young Realm Lord, these humans have nothing to do with us. The moment they arrived, we surrounded them, and prepared to capture them and send them to the Devil World!"
Vast Ming laughed, "You are a human!
And they are also humans! "
Han Meng bowed again, "Although they are humans, we have nothing to do with them!
These humans killed the devils of the Devil World, and their actions are heinous!
We are willing to assist the Young Realm Lord in capturing them! "
Ye Xuan looked at Han Meng, and gave her a thumbs up, "You really know how to lick people!"
Han Meng glanced at Ye Xuan, and said sarcastically, "You're about to die, and you still want to talk!
What a joke! "
Ye Xuan was about to speak, but at this moment, Vast Ming suddenly laughed, "Human … keke …"
As he spoke, he looked at Mu Xiaodao, "Since your confidence is from the Cosmos God Court, how about this!
I'll give you a chance, you can call for help now! "
Call for help!
Ye Xuan walked to Mu Xiaodao's side, and pulled on Mu Xiaodao's sleeves, "Call for help!
Just like how you beat me, beat him up! "
Mu Xiaodao looked at Vast Ming, "Are you sure?"
Vast Ming nodded, and smiled, "I'm sure!"
Mu Xiaodao opened his palm, and a token suddenly rushed into the sky. In the next instant, that token directly disappeared into the depths of space.
Ye Xuan blinked, "Who did you call?"
Mu Xiaodao said indifferently, "The Cosmos Keeper of Order of this world."
Ye Xuan nodded, those Cosmos Keepers of Order weren't weak. Calling them over, along with him and Mu Xiaodao, they should be able to deal with these devils!
Not long later, a dozen figures suddenly appeared in the sky. Very soon, those dozen figures appeared in front of Mu Xiaodao, and the leader was a man.
After the man rushed to the scene, he scanned the surroundings. When he saw Firmament Ming, his expression changed drastically. In the next moment, he ran in front of Firmament Ming and bowed respectfully, "I am Cosmos God Court's Keeper of Order, Qi Shuai. Greetings Young World Lord!"
The rest of the keepers of order also saluted respectfully!
Seeing this, Ye Xuan was dumbfounded.
Mu Xiaodao's expression turned even uglier …
Ye Xuan tugged at Mu Xiaodao's sleeve again. "Xiaodao … I'm a little embarrassed now. What about you?"
.....
!!








Chapter 1586
Needless to say, Ye Xuan was a bit stunned.
He didn't expect these enforcers to be so respectful to the Demon Realm Young Realm Lord. This wasn't normal!
Mu Xiaodao's expression was also gloomy.
On the other side, the Young Realm Lord Ming Chang suddenly laughed. After laughing for a while, he pointed at Mu Xiaodao, "Qi Shuai, she called you here!"
Hearing this, Qi Shuai looked at Mu Xiaodao. When he saw Mu Xiaodao, he frowned, "Who are you?"
Ye Xuan blinked, "You don't know her?"
Qi Shuai was expressionless, "Nope!"
Ye Xuan gave a thumbs up, "Awesome!
You don't even know the protector of the laws of the universe! "
The protector of the laws of the universe!
Hearing this, Qi Shuai's expression changed. She looked at Mu Xiaodao and said with a trembling voice, "You are the protector of the laws of the universe!"
Mu Xiaodao looked at Qi Shuai, "Are there only a few of you?"
Qi Shuai shook her head, "The boss isn't here!"
At this moment, Ming Chang suddenly laughed, "The protector of the laws of the universe?
Interesting! "
Mu Xiaodao looked at Ming Chang, "Is it interesting?"
Ming Chang laughed, "Can we start fighting now?"
Hearing this, Qi Shuai's expression changed. He hurriedly said, "This is a misunderstanding!
A big misunderstanding! "
Saying this, he hurriedly walked in front of Mu Xiaodao and said, "Hurry up and apologize to the Young Realm Lord!"
Hearing this, Ye Xuan shook his head, "Damn it!
When you guys beat me, none of you were afraid of death, as if your lives were worthless!
Why are you guys like this when you beat others?
This is infuriating! "
He didn't forget that in the Ninth Dimension, those cosmic enforcers really dared to fight with their lives on the line!
Even in death, none of them were afraid!
Mu Xiaodao looked at Qi Shuai, "Me, apologize?"
Qi Shuai hurriedly nodded and said anxiously, "Hurry up and apologize!
Otherwise, even our Universe Law Enforcement Hall will be implicated, you … "
Qi Shuai's voice suddenly stopped because a flying knife was at his throat!
Qi Shuai's eyes widened, "You …"
Mu Xiaodao shook her head, "Damn it!
How did you guys end up like this? "
With that, she raised her hand and slapped him.
Pa!
Qi Shuai was sent flying. As he flew, his physical body shattered, leaving only his soul behind!
Seeing this scene, the enforcers were stunned!
Qi Shuai was also dumbfounded.
Mu Xiaodao looked at Firmament Ming and the rest, but she didn't say anything.
Seeing this, Ye Xuan's expression immediately changed. "Miss Mu … you're not planning to run away, are you?"
Damn it!
He had almost forgotten that this woman liked to betray her teammates!
As long as she couldn't beat him, she would definitely flee!
If this woman ran away now, he would definitely not be able to defeat so many people!
Mu Xiaodao glanced at Ye Xuan. "Am I that kind of person?"
The corner of Ye Xuan's mouth twitched. Damn it, aren't you that kind of person?
At this moment, Firmament Ming suddenly laughed and said, "Protector of the Laws of the Universe, are you still human?
If you call, I can wait for you! "
Mu Xiaodao gazed at Firmament. "I'll call you Motherf * cker!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she opened her palm, and a flying knife suddenly flew out.
Hiss!
A ray of saber light flashed through the battlefield!
In the distance, Firmament Ming's expression instantly changed, and he suddenly smashed his fist forward!
Bang!
Firmament retreated explosively!
As soon as he stopped, Firmament Ming's entire right arm fell off his shoulder.
Firmament Ming was stunned, and then he said fiercely, "Kill her!"
As soon as he finished speaking, the experts by his side charged at Mu Xiaodao!
At this moment, Mu Xiaodao opened her palm and a flying knife appeared in her hand. In the next moment, she slowly closed her eyes and an illusory flying knife suddenly appeared above her head. At the same time, her soul left its sheath and grabbed the flying knife!
Ye Xuan's eyelids twitched when he saw this. Dammit! I was hit by this move all those years ago!
Mu Xiaodao immediately went all out!
After Mu Xiaodao's soul grabbed the flying knife, she suddenly slashed forward. "God Slayer!"
As soon as her voice resounded, a flying knife suddenly tore through the air!
Hiss!
The heavens and the earth were torn apart!
The dozen or so Demon Cultivator powerhouses in the lead were destroyed on the spot, and the remaining Demon Cultivator powerhouses were directly forced back by the saber force!
Meanwhile, another flying knife appeared in Mu Xiaodao's hand, and it flew forward in the next moment.
Hiss!
A head flew into the air in the distance!
Moreover, another flying knife appeared in Mu Xiaodao's hand ….
Just like that, head after head flew into the air incessantly, and it was an extremely bloody scene!
It was a slaughter!
Even though those experts were at the Heavenly Fate Realm, Mu Xiaodao was at the Mortal Realm, so they weren't able to resist Mu Xiaodao's flying knives at all!
However, there were many of them, and it didn't take long for over a dozen of them to arrive in front of Mu Xiaodao. Meanwhile, Ye Xuan appeared in front of Mu Xiaodao, and then he suddenly smashed his fist forward!
Bang!
He punched out, and the demon at the very front was blasted away. But at this moment, another demon had already arrived in front of him. Ye Xuan was just about to attack when a flying dagger suddenly stabbed into the demon's head!
Hiss!
That devil was instantly sliced into pieces!
Mu Xiaodao glanced at Ye Xuan, "Is your father really your father?
He actually made you so weak! "
Ye Xuan instantly felt sorrow from the bottom of his heart …. Perhaps I was picked up!
Meanwhile, Mu Xiaodao and Ye Xuan were about to attack again, but they suddenly turned around. As soon as they did, 2 rays of white light blasted towards them.
Ye Xuan's expression changed, and he swiftly swept his arms horizontally!
Mu Xiaodao swiftly slashed down as well!
Bang!
An expanse of white light exploded, and then both of them were blasted over 1km away!
Both of them were stunned when they stopped moving!
Because it wasn't the devil that attacked them, but the humans on the city walls!
It was the humans who attacked them with formations!
Not only that, a group of human experts had unknowingly surrounded the little girl and Lin Yan, and 2 of them had even placed their daggers on their throats!
Han Meng looked coldly at Ye Xuan and Lin Yan, "Young World Lord, my Mortal World is willing to lend you a hand to kill these 2 humans!"
As she spoke, many strange runes suddenly appeared on the city walls, and these runes were flowing with strange energy!
Formations!
Down there, Ye Xuan looked at Han Meng. "You silly woman, are you retarded?
I'm f * cking convinced!
Can't you see how ferocious we are? "
Han Meng said angrily, "You two idiots!
Don't you know that he is the Young World Lord of the Devil World? If you hurt him, all of us humans will be buried with you! "
Ye Xuan said angrily, "Fuck you!
Is the Young World Lord that awesome?
Don't you know that I am the founder of the Cosmos God Court, and the laws of the universe were created by me, you … "
At this point, he suddenly stopped.
Fuck!
I actually forgot that Mu Xiaodao was here!
That's embarrassing!
Mu Xiaodao looked at Ye Xuan, "Speak!
Continue speaking! "
Ye Xuan was about to speak when Han Meng suddenly ridiculed, "Cosmos God Court?
What kind of trash is that?
How can it be compared to the Devil World? "
Ye Xuan, "…"
Mu Xiaodao looked at Han Meng, and in the next moment, the flying knife in her hand suddenly vanished.
In the distance, Han Meng's face changed drastically, and she hurriedly said, "Formations!"
As soon as she finished speaking, a huge barrier of light rose from the city walls!
Bang!
Mu Xiaodao's flying knife was blocked by the barrier of light, but the barrier of light split apart, and at this moment, another flying knife slashed down.
Bang!
The barrier of light shattered, and before Han Meng could react, Mu Xiaodao appeared in front of her, grabbed her hair, and smashed her against the city walls.
Bang!
The city wall split apart, and blood splattered from Han Meng's face, and she was disfigured!
She didn't die!
Mu Xiaodao stepped on Han Meng's chest, and she looked down at Han Meng, and laughed, "I see that your chest isn't big, why are you so brainless?"
Han Meng looked at Mu Xiaodao resentfully, "If you dare to hurt me, my grandfather will not let you off!"
Mu Xiaodao directly slapped her.
Pa!
Han Meng's face was directly deformed from the slap!
"Ah!
You damned slut!
You dare to humiliate me! "
Han Meng suddenly roared hysterically.
Mu Xiaodao shook her head, "You are so arrogant to humans, but you bow and scrape like a dog to the Devil World!
Isn't it good to be a human?
Why must you be someone else's dog? "
Han Meng stared resentfully at Mu Xiaodao, and didn't speak.
Mu Xiaodao slapped her again!
Pa!
Han Meng's teeth were directly smashed into pieces!
Mu Xiaodao blinked, "What are you looking at?
Get up and hit me! "
As she spoke, she slapped her again.
Pa!
Han Meng's entire face was distorted beyond recognition.
Mu Xiaodao giggled, and she moved her face in front of Han Meng, "Get up and hit me!
Aiya, I really want to get hit! "
Pu!
Han Meng was so angry that she vomited a mouthful of blood!
Below, Ye Xuan shook his head, this Mu Xiaodao is also despicable!
At this time, Mu Xiaodao suddenly lifted Han Meng up, and said with a smile, "Aiya, you can't hit me, you can't hit me, are you angry!"
Han Meng stared at Mu Xiaodao, and said resentfully, "The Devil World will not let you off!
They will not let you off! "
Below.
Ye Xuan shook his head.
You said that this woman has no backbone!
But when facing Mu Xiaodao, she was quite unyielding, and did not even beg for mercy.
But you said that she has backbone!
But when facing the Devil World, she is like a dog …
Indeed!
No matter where, some people are like this. When facing their own people, they are incomparably unyielding and ruthless, but when facing outsiders, they are really like a dog, as if the outsiders are their own father, afraid that they will not be able to serve them well!
Many people really have a servile nature!
.....
PS: Thank you Little Magic Master, Flying Bull, and countless readers' gifts. I really thank everyone. This is the first time in a year that the monthly votes have entered the top ten!
Thank you to those readers who silently read and silently voted!
Seeing you all vote, I am very touched.
If not for the fact that I have a few hundred million project to discuss, I can't wait to write ten chapters!








Chapter 1587
On the city wall, Mu Xiaodao was silent.
She suddenly felt sorrowful!
She had never thought that a person could be so servile to such an extent!
Mu Xiaodao did not kill Han Meng. She threw her on the city wall and walked down the city wall.
Killing such a person would only dirty her knife!
Below the city wall, the experts surrounding the little girl and Lin Yan suddenly had their throats pierced by a flying knife. All of them fell to the ground!
Mu Xiaodao walked to Ye Xuan's side. She looked afar. At this moment, Vast Ming and the rest were on high alert!
Fear!
The power that Mu Xiaodao displayed was too terrifying!
Mu Xiaodao suddenly said, "I want to return to the Cosmos God Court!"
Ye Xuan turned to look at Mu Xiaodao, "Return?
Can you bring me back? "
Mu Xiaodao looked at Ye Xuan, "Are you sure?"
Ye Xuan hurriedly nodded his head!
Mu Xiaodao said indifferently, "Sure!
Follow me back and we will reach the headquarters of the Cosmos God Court! "
Ye Xuan blinked his eyes, "What do you mean?"
Mu Xiaodao smiled, "What do you think?"
Ye Xuan's face was filled with black lines.
Damn it!
If he reached the headquarters of the Cosmos God Court, would he still be able to leave?
Mu Xiaodao looked at the little girl and Lin Yan, "The two of them can follow me!"
Ye Xuan looked at Lin Yan and the little girl. He waved his hand and the two of them walked in front of him and Mu Xiaodao.
Ye Xuan smiled, "The two of you, follow Miss Mu!"
Lin Yan nodded, "Alright!"
The little girl looked at Ye Xuan, "Brother, what about you?"
Ye Xuan smiled, "I will not return for now!"
The little girl hesitated for a while before saying, "Are you really the founder of the Cosmos God Court?
Also, were you the one who created the laws of the universe? "
Ye Xuan, "…"
Mu Xiaodao looked at Ye Xuan and gave him a thumbs up, "You can brag!"
Ye Xuan smiled and was about to speak when the little girl looked at Ye Xuan. "I believe you!"
Ye Xuan blushed with shame!
Little sister, I don't even believe myself!
Looks like I can't brag to kids in the future!
Mu Xiaodao suddenly said, "I'm leaving now!
I want to return to the Cosmos God Court to explain the situation here. After which, I will ask the Cosmos God Court to send people to take over this place. "
As she spoke, she took out a strange stone and crushed it. As soon as she crushed it, a huge teleportation array appeared in front of her.
Ye Xuan's expression changed. "Miss Mu, aren't you going to get rid of these people first?"
Mu Xiaodao blinked. "Do I know you that well?"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
At this moment, the teleportation array was suddenly activated.
Just as Ye Xuan was about to speak, Mu Xiaodao added, "Also, I want to tell the experts of the Cosmos God Court that you are here!
You are on the wanted list. After killing you, they will be rewarded handsomely! "
Ye Xuan's face was filled with black lines. "Is there a need to be so ruthless?"
Mu Xiaodao blinked. "There's something even more ruthless!"
As she spoke, she suddenly shouted, "Guardian Ye, you stay here and delay them. I will go back and call for reinforcements. When I bring people back, we will slaughter the Demon World and leave no one alive!
You must hold on!
Guardian Ye! "
As she spoke, Mu Xiaodao smiled mischievously. After which, she disappeared with Lin Yan and the little girl.
Ye Xuan was dumbfounded. His mind was in a mess.
It's over!
This was the first thought that appeared in his mind!
In the surroundings, all of the demons' gazes fell on Ye Xuan. Their eyes were filled with murderous intent!
They had just heard that the woman was going back to call for reinforcements. After which, she would slaughter all the demons in the Demon World!
Moreover, they found out from that woman that this human before them was a Guardian of the Laws of the Cosmos Court!
It wasn't just the demons that were looking at Ye Xuan. The humans on the city walls were looking at Ye Xuan as well. Especially Han Meng who was still alive. Her gaze was filled with resentment as if Ye Xuan had humiliated her ….
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment before he said, "Would all of you believe me if I said that I'm not from the Cosmos Court?"
In the sky, Firmament stared fixedly at Ye Xuan. "Do you think we would believe you?"
Ye Xuan was speechless. He'd been tricked by Mu Xiaodao this time!
Right at this moment, Firmament suddenly spoke fiercely. "Kill him!"
As soon as he finished speaking, the experts behind him charged directly at Ye Xuan!
Ye Xuan didn't run!
Because he couldn't run at all!
If his cultivation hadn't been sealed, then he could still flee by flying on his sword. But now, he only had his physical strength. How could he flee?
He could only fight!
Ye Xuan closed his eyes slowly while he clenched his fists tightly.
Meanwhile, a Heavenly Wei Realm expert had charged in front of him. Ye Xuan suddenly opened his eyes and smashed his fist forward!
Bang!
The space in front of Ye Xuan trembled violently while he retreated explosively to the bottom of the city wall!
He'd just stopped when another expert charged in front of him, and this expert smashed his fist towards his head.
A wisp of a savage smile arose on the corners of Ye Xuan's mouth, and he suddenly smashed his fist forward!
Bang!
The space in front of them exploded apart while Ye Xuan was blasted flying. In the end, he smashed heavily against the city wall, causing the entire city wall to tremble violently. Fortunately, there was a formation, otherwise, the city wall would have probably collapsed on the spot!
Ye Xuan had just descended to the ground when another 10 plus people charged in front of him!
Ye Xuan roared furiously as he charged forward and smashed his fist forward!
He directly went head-on against them!
However, the current him could not withstand it at all!
After all, his current fleshy body was merely at the Consolidation Realm, while these experts in front of him were mostly at the Heaven Wei Realm!
It was also fortunate that Mu Xiaodao had killed some Heaven Wei Realm experts previously. Otherwise, he wouldn't have any chance at all!
Even so, he still had to face seven Heaven Wei Realm experts right now!
Most importantly, the other party chose to gang up on him!
If it was a one-on-one battle, he wouldn't be afraid even if he faced a Heaven Wei Realm expert. But the problem was that the other party was ganging up on him!
Very soon, Ye Xuan was beaten up violently!
However, relying on his powerful fleshy body, those people were unable to kill him for a while. Of course, this was also because he had been dodging fatal blows the entire time.
Bang!
At this time, Ye Xuan was suddenly blasted flying. He had just stopped when he suddenly turned around and smashed a fist out!
Rumble!
Where the fist landed, the space directly collapsed. But before he could retract his fist, his abdomen was blasted by a fist once more!
Bang!
Ye Xuan flew out once more. This time, he flew several thousand feet away. Finally, he smashed heavily onto the ground, causing the entire ground to tremble violently, then split open!
Those fiendman experts did not give him the chance but charged over once more!
Ye Xuan leaped up fiercely. But he had just leaped up when a long spear suddenly tore through the air, stabbing straight at his glabella!
Ye Xuan leaned to the side, directly dodging this fatal spear. However, before he could make a move, a powerhouse directly blasted a punch onto his back.
Bang!
Ye Xuan's entire person directly flew out. But he had yet to land when another powerhouse rushed in front of him.
In midair, Ye Xuan's arms suddenly crossed horizontally, defending.
Bang!
Ye Xuan was directly blasted by a powerful force, his entire person plummeting from the sky, finally smashing heavily onto the ground.
Bang!
Ye Xuan had just landed. The place he landed directly became a giant pit!
And from all directions, numerous powerful forces blasted towards him ceaselessly!
On the ground, Ye Xuan flashed about, dodging those attacks!
At this moment, Firmament Ming suddenly vanished on the spot. In the distance, Ye Xuan's pupils suddenly constricted. He suddenly blasted out a punch, and this punch directly blasted onto a fist.
Bang!
The space in front of Ye Xuan suddenly turned pitch-black, and his entire person was instantly blasted out. This time, he flew directly for thousands of feet!
After landing on the ground, Ye Xuan's physical body directly cracked, and fresh blood flowed out!
In the surroundings, those fiendmen were about to make a move, but Firmament Ming suddenly stopped them. He looked at Ye Xuan who was lying on the ground in the distance and mocked, "Just this?"
In the distance, Ye Xuan's hands pressed against the ground, and fresh blood flowed ceaselessly from his mouth!
Power!
Ye Xuan stared fixedly at the ground.
His cultivation was sealed!
He really wanted to use his sword. As long as he used his sword, he could kill everyone here!
However, his cultivation was sealed!
Thinking of this, Ye Xuan suddenly frowned.
If his cultivation was sealed, he couldn't use his sword?
He was an ordinary sword!
What was ordinary?
Ordinary was real!
Without a sword, was he not a Swordsman?
A Swordsman was a Swordsman. Only those with a sword could be called a Swordsman!
Did a Swordsman cultivate the sword, or the heart?
Naturally, it was to cultivate the heart!
The heart was there!
The sword was there!
Thinking of this —
Bang!
Suddenly, a powerful sword intent swept out from Ye Xuan's body. With the appearance of this sword intent, Ye Xuan's entire body trembled. His cultivation was also recovering at an extremely fast speed.
And in his hand, a sword quietly condensed!
Heart Sword!
A Swordsman cultivated the heart. If there was a sword in the heart, then everything was a sword!
Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes. He tightly grasped the sword in his hand. The sword in his hand didn't exist, because this was a Heart Sword formed from his heart!
Sword!
He thought of what Big Brother Swordsman had said to him. Use your heart to control the sword!
Wherever your heart thinks, your sword will be there!
Thinking of this, Ye Xuan suddenly slashed out with his sword.
Chi!
In the distance, a Heaven Wei Realm expert's head flew off!
The demonic people didn't come back to their senses!
By the time the devils came back to their senses, another Heaven Wei Realm expert's head had flown off!
Seeing this, the expressions of the Heaven Wei Realm experts instantly changed!
One of the demonic people looked at Ye Xuan in shock and said with a trembling voice, "You … You are above the Mortal Sword!"
Above the Mortal Sword!
In the distance, Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes.
Above the Mortal Sword?
That's right!
He was now above the Mortal Sword!
He didn't know what was above the Mortal Sword, but he knew that he had already surpassed the Mortal Sword!
Thinking of this, Ye Xuan could not help but burst into laughter.
Now, these people were like ants in front of him!
Ye Xuan was about to attack again when a sword howl suddenly resounded from within him!
The Sword Qi that the green-robed man had left in his body!
Ye Xuan was stunned at first, and then his expression changed drastically. In the blink of an eye, the Heart Sword in his hand vanished, and his cultivation was sealed once more!
Ye Xuan was stunned, and then he wanted to charge through the seal once more. However, it was utterly useless!
Even he, who had transcended ordinary swords, could not break the seal of that wisp of Sword Qi!
Ye Xuan suddenly felt sorrow in his heart. He knelt on the ground, pounded the ground with both hands, and cried loudly, "Heavens!
O Mother Earth!
How could there be a father who would screw his son over like this!
You're playing me to death!
Holy shit!
Ahhhhhh! "
...
!!








Chapter 1588
Above the Mortal Realm!
What did Ye Xuan feel now?
It was like two people had just entered the bridal chamber and were about to reach orgasm, yet they suddenly became impotent!
Impotent!
Ye Xuan felt extremely wronged right now!
He'd relied on his own ability to surpass the Mortal Realm!
On what basis did he seal me?
On what basis?
There's no fucking justice in this world!
Ye Xuan felt wronged to the point he wanted to cry.
This father! The demons in the distance were stunned.
What's wrong with this human?
Needless to say, Vast Ming and the others were slightly afraid of Ye Xuan. Just now, Ye Xuan had casually killed two Heavenly Wei Realm experts with two strikes of his sword!
Above the Mortal Realm!
That wasn't just an ordinary level of terror!
Not to mention above the Mortal Realm, even the Mortal Realm was extremely terrifying!
After all, the woman with the flying dagger was only at the peak of the Mortal Realm!
But she could easily kill Heavenly Wei Realm experts. As for above the Mortal Realm …
Meanwhile, an old man by Vast Ming's side spoke in a low voice, "Young World Lord, retreat for now!"
Vast Ming stared fixedly at Ye Xuan who lay on the ground in the distance, and no one knew what he was thinking.
The old man continued, "Young World Lord, he's absolutely not an ordinary person. He's above the Mortal Realm, and we're not a match for him!"
At this moment, Ye Xuan, who was in the distance, suddenly raised his head. He looked at Ming Qian and grinned. His smile was somewhat demonic.
The Young World Lord's expression changed when he saw this, and he didn't hesitate to turn around and leave!
The rest of the Demon Dweller experts also fled!
Vast Ming didn't suspect Ye Xuan because the aura of the Sword Dao that Ye Xuan emanated earlier had terrified him.
That aura couldn't be deceived!
Right at this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Stop!"
Stop!
As soon as these words were spoken, Firmament Ming instantly stopped, and the rest of the Demonic Dwellers stopped as well!
Vast Ming turned around to look at Ye Xuan. At this moment, Ye Xuan had his hands behind his back and an indifferent expression on his face. His bearing as an expert was on full display.
Vast Ming hesitated for a moment and said, "You …"
Ye Xuan looked at Ming Qian. "Do you want to live?"
Do you want to live?
The moment he said that, Vast Ming's expression changed greatly. He hurriedly said, "Your Excellency … My father is the Realm Lord of the Demon World!"
Ye Xuan asked, "Do you know who my father is?"
After saying that, he regretted it!
Damn it!
There should be very few people who knew the green-robed man!
Ming Cang glanced at Ye Xuan. Just as he was about to ask, Ye Xuan suddenly pointed at Han Meng, who was on the city wall. "I don't like this woman!"
Ming Cang was stunned. In the next moment, he made a grabbing motion with his right hand, and Han Meng fell into his grasp!
Han Meng looked at Ming Qian in fear. "Young Realm Lord …"
Ming Quintessence didn't even look at her. Instead, he looked at Ye Xuan. "Sir, how do you want her to die?"
Ye Xuan's expression was calm. "Let her beg for death!"
Ming Quintessence was stunned, and then he said, "I understand!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he gazed at Han Meng. Han Meng begged, "Young Realm Lord, please spare my life. I'm willing to do anything for you …."
A wisp of ridicule arose on the corners of Ming Quintessence's mouth. "Are you even worthy?"
As soon as he finished speaking, he swung Han Meng, and she was nailed to the city wall in the distance. A moment later, a strand of flames suddenly enveloped Han Meng.
"AH!!"
A hysterical and shrill cry resounded.
The flames didn't burn Han Meng to death, and they were gradually devouring her body instead.
Ming Quintessence gazed at Ye Xuan, hesitated for a moment, and then said, "Is that enough?"
Ye Xuan nodded slightly. "Fuck off!"
Ming Quintessence didn't hesitate to turn around and flee.
It didn't take long for the group of demon experts to vanish into the horizon.
Meanwhile, Han Meng suddenly gazed at Ye Xuan, and she spoke resentfully, "Human!
I curse you! You'll die a horrible death!
You'll die a horrible death! "
Ye Xuan gazed at Han Meng, "Even until now, you still haven't figured it out!
You kneel down and lick the boots of others, but you're even worse than a dog in the eyes of others!
Isn't it good to be a human? "
Han Meng roared furiously, "You'll die a horrible death!
You'll die a horrible death! "
Ye Xuan blinked, and then he turned around to face Han Meng. He twisted his butt and smiled, "I'll fucking die! I'll piss you off to death!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he even farted.
"Pu!"
A mouthful of Blood Essence sprayed from Han Meng's mouth, and then her figure twitched. It wasn't long before there was no more movement from her body.
She'd been infuriated to death!
However, her eyes were still opened wide, and they were staring fixedly at Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan paid no further attention to Han Meng, and he swiftly vanished into the distance.
His cultivation was currently sealed. If Vast Underworld and the others were to turn back, then he would be finished!
...
Ming Quintessence suddenly stopped moving somewhere in the sky, and then he frowned. "Something's off!"
An old man by his side asked. "What's wrong?"
Ming Quintessence's eyes narrowed slightly, "Why did he let us go?"
All the other demon experts frowned when they heard this.
Right!
Why did that human let us go?
Ming Quintessence spoke in a low voice, "We were deceived!"
An old demon shook his head, "But he killed two Heavenly Dao Realm experts with a casual swing of his sword. Moreover, his aura has clearly surpassed that woman with the flying dagger …."
Ming Quintessence shook his head, "If he really is above the Mortal Realm, then it's even more impossible for him to let us go!
So, there's only a single explanation for why he let us go, and it's that he isn't above the Mortal Realm. "
The old man hesitated for a moment before he said, "Let's go back?"
Ming Quintessence looked towards the horizon, "If he's still there, then it proves that he's truly fearless and has attained the Mortal Realm. If he's gone …."
His face turned gloomy as he spoke, "Let's go!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he vanished on the spot.
All the experts from the Demon Realm vanished along with it.
It didn't take long for Ming Quintessence and the others to appear before the city of humans. Meanwhile, Ye Xuan was nowhere to be seen.
Ming Quintessence's face instantly became ferocious when he witnessed this scene, "How dare you deceive me!?"
The expressions of all the demon experts became extremely unsightly.
We've actually been deceived!
Ming Quintessence suddenly spoke in a low voice, "It's absolutely impossible for him to be above the Mortal Realm. He definitely utilized some sort of divine ability or treasure to instantly kill those two Heavenly Dao Realm experts!"
As he spoke, he glanced at the surroundings and said furiously, "Search immediately!
Find him at all costs! "
All the demon experts retreated when they heard this!
If they didn't kill Ye Xuan this time, then the Demon Dimension would truly lose face!
Especially Ming Quintessence!
As the Young Lord of the Demon Dimension, he'd actually been played by a human. If news of this were to spread …. No, it might have already spread!
Ming Quintessence's expression instantly became even more ferocious when he thought up to this point!
In next to no time, practically all the experts of the Demon Dimension had been dispatched to track down Ye Xuan.
On the other hand, because Ye Xuan and the others hadn't died, all the demons in the Demon Dimension were in an uproar!
It wasn't long before practically all the demons in the Demon Dimension were searching for Ye Xuan.
This time, the Demon Dimension was unprecedentedly united!
...
Ye Xuan sat cross-legged on the ground in an unknown mountain range. He opened his palm with the intention of forming the Heart Sword. However, every single time he was about to succeed, it would be suppressed by the strand of sword qi within him!
That strand of sword qi didn't just suppress his cultivation, it even suppressed his cultivation in the Sword Dao!
Ye Xuan gazed at his palm and fell into deep thought.
Since the green clothed man had sent him here, then it was definitely not that simple.
Was he trying to temper his Sword Dao?
If he was, then the seal should have been removed after he broke through to the Mortal Sword Realm!
However, he hadn't!
In other words, tempering his Sword Dao was probably just one of the reasons, and there was definitely another objective!
Tempering his physical body?
Ye Xuan looked at his body. In fact, his injuries were quite serious. Because he didn't have the purple gas or the Immortal Bloodline, his recovery speed could be said to be at the speed of a turtle!
However, he discovered that his physical body seemed to have undergone some changes!
It had become more resistant to beatings!
Sensing this scene, Ye Xuan's expression suddenly became strange!
Without thinking too much, Ye Xuan began to recall the previous battle.
It had to be said that although he had been beaten miserably, he had gained a lot. The biggest gain was breaking through to the Mortal Realm!
If the seal in his body was removed, and the Crazy Demon Bloodline and Immortal Bloodline were also unsealed, with his current strength, he should be able to defeat Mu Xiaodao!
Unfortunately, that strand of sword qi was too terrifying. Even if he had reached the Mortal Sword Realm, he still couldn't break the seal of that strand of sword qi!
It was just a strand of sword qi!
Thinking of this, Ye Xuan shook his head and sighed.
He knew that there should be a big gap between him and the Three Swords Realm.
Without thinking too much, Ye Xuan looked at his physical body. He knew that under the situation where his cultivation and Sword Dao cultivation were sealed, he must improve his physical body. And to improve his physical body, he must have the blood of powerful demonic beasts!
Improve his physical body by taking a beating?
It's not impossible!
He probably wouldn't be able to improve it for at least a hundred years. Moreover, he still didn't have the Immortal Bloodline and purple gas. If he went to take a beating, he might really be beaten to death!
If he wanted to improve his physical body, he must let Xiao Ta out!
How can I let Xiao Ta out?
Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes. He tried to sense Xiao Ta, but he couldn't sense him at all. Not to mention Xiao Ta, he couldn't even sense the Prison Pagoda!
As if he thought of something, Ye Xuan suddenly stood up!
What did it mean that the man in green had sent him here?
It meant that the man in green had definitely been to this Devil's Domain before. And the man in green had been to the Devil's Domain before, that meant that the little white guy had definitely been to the Devil's Domain before!
The little white guy had been to the Devil's Domain before, so he must have left behind a box!
A box!
When he thought of this, Ye Xuan suddenly became excited.
If he found the box, he would be able to find the little white guy. And the little guy would definitely be able to get Xiao Ta out and even remove the seal on his body!
Because the strand of sword energy in his body would definitely give face to the little white guy!
Find the box!
Ye Xuan stood up immediately. But very quickly, the excitement on his face slowly disappeared.
Because he was unfamiliar with this place, how was he going to find the box?
Especially since this place hated humans so much. Not to mention finding the box, once he went out, he would probably become the enemy of the whole world!
At this moment, the space above Ye Xuan's head suddenly split open. The next moment, a mysterious force quietly appeared.
Ye Xuan was stunned at first. The next moment, his expression changed greatly because countless blood-red threads appeared around him!
The Cause of Disaster!
Following the appearance of these blood-red threads, the sky suddenly became covered with dark clouds and countless lightning flashed!
Disaster plus Heavenly Tribulation!
When he saw this, Ye Xuan's expression froze. "My father … You didn't block the Disaster Law for me …"
As he said that, he turned around and ran. As he ran, he shouted angrily, "I want to sever all ties with you!
Sever all ties with you!! "
....
PS: Sorry, the update is late!
There was a heavy downpour and a power outage.








Chapter 1589
Run!
Ye Xuan was very clear about his current strength and he was unable to fight against this calamity.
He could only run!
However, he was unable to escape this calamity and heavenly tribulation.
Whoosh!
A bolt of lightning suddenly struck down from the top of Ye Xuan's head at an incomparably fast speed!
Ye Xuan's expression changed and he leaped up. Just as he leaped up, the ground behind him turned into a huge crater!
Being struck by the calamity, the entire ground started to crack layer by layer!
Ye Xuan didn't dare to look back as he fled frantically into the distance.
However, no matter how he ran, he was unable to escape from the calamity and heavenly tribulation.
The calamity and heavenly tribulation were like maggots on his bones, following him!
In just a short while, the entire mountain range had turned into ashes under the bombardment of the calamity.
As for Ye Xuan, he was in a miserable state!
He fled to the east and hid to the west!
He didn't dare to go head-on against the calamity. Not to mention now, even if his cultivation wasn't sealed, he might not be able to go head-on against it, much less now?
One bolt of lightning could destroy his soul!
Ye Xuan patted his chest as he ran, "Big brother, can we discuss this and let me recover my strength first?"
That strand of sword qi didn't reply!
Ye Xuan said angrily, "I'm going to be blasted to death!"
The sword qi still didn't reply!
Ye Xuan's face darkened. Damn it, there was no room for discussion!
The more Ye Xuan thought about it, the angrier he got!
I relied on my own ability to reach above the ordinary sword, why did you seal me?
Based on what?
Too fucking infuriating!
Ye Xuan was so angry that his balls hurt, both of them hurt!
Just at this moment, a dozen demonic people suddenly appeared not far away from Ye Xuan. Among them, there were even two Heaven Wei realm experts!
When they saw Ye Xuan, the dozen demonic people were instantly overjoyed. But in the next moment, their expressions changed drastically because lightning struck down from above Ye Xuan's head!
What kind of lightning was this?
Their eyes were filled with fear!
Right at this moment, Ye Xuan noticed those devils as well, and he didn't hesitate to charge towards them!
Seeing Ye Xuan rushing over, the dozen or so Devil Cultivator s faces instantly changed, and they all retreated, but at this time, Ye Xuan had already rushed in front of them, and a bolt of lightning just happened to descend.
Boom!
In the blink of an eye, more than ten people were turned into ashes!
Only Ye Xuan and the three Heaven Wei Realm experts were still alive!
After the three Heaven Realm experts survived, they frantically fled into the distance, while Ye Xuan hurriedly chased after them!
Seeing this scene, the Heaven Realm expert in the lead roared furiously, "Scram!"
Ye Xuan laughed. "Let's play together!"
The Heaven Eternal Realm expert suddenly stopped. He stabbed out with his spear and a powerful force forced Ye Xuan to stop. At the same time, a bolt of blood lightning suddenly fell.
Ye Xuan's expression changed, and his arms fiercely swept towards the sky.
Take it head-on!
He could only choose to take it head-on!
Boom!
The blood lightning descended, and the Heaven Realm expert's strength was directly shattered, while Ye Xuan was also struck by that blood lightning, and he directly smashed down from the sky, crashing into the ground below.
But the Heaven Realm expert was also struck by that blood lightning, and his entire person was directly sent flying.
On the ground below, Ye Xuan suddenly jumped out. The current him, his flesh was already lacerated, especially his arms, the bones of his arms were already exposed outside.
That bolt of lightning just now almost destroyed his entire body!
And at this time, another bolt of blood lightning appeared in the horizon. Ye Xuan's expression changed greatly, and he turned and ran.
But he still charged towards those three Heaven Wei Realm experts!
Even if he died, he would pull a few down with him!
Seeing Ye Xuan charge over again, the three Heaven Wei Realm experts' expressions changed greatly. Motherf * cker, is this human crazy?
The three of them didn't dare to take that blood lightning head-on, and they turned and ran!
Just like this, three people ran, one person chased, along the way blood light with lightning, how exciting!
Ye Xuan also had no choice at this moment!
He really didn't have any way to deal with this calamity. Without bloodline power, he couldn't use the sword, how could he deal with it?
Right now, he just wanted to pull a few more scapegoats down with him!
Pull as many as he could!
If the three Heaven Wei Realm experts stopped, they could actually perish together with Ye Xuan, even leaving one behind would be fine. But clearly, the three of them didn't want to die, so they ran for their lives!
The three of them were faster than Ye Xuan, so the three of them were slowly pulling away from Ye Xuan.
Seeing the three of them disappear into the distance, Ye Xuan couldn't help but curse. He lifted his head to look, and in the horizon, another bolt of blood lightning descended!
Ye Xuan hurriedly leaped. He had just leaped out when a bolt of divine lightning directly blasted the place he was originally at, and that place directly became a giant abyss!
Ye Xuan leaped again, directly disappearing into the distance.
Along the way, Ye Xuan's face was gloomy. He knew that he couldn't continue like this, because he had used up too much of his strength. In addition, he had been struck by that bolt of divine lightning just now, and his physical body had been damaged, so he needed to heal now!
If this continued, at most in an hour, he might die under this divine lightning!
What should he do?
Ye Xuan's face became increasingly ugly. The green-robed man sealed his own cultivation, and didn't help to block the calamity laws. He was playing with me to death!
Ye Xuan took a deep breath, and he stopped. He opened his palm, and in his hand, a formless will suddenly appeared!
Sword Will!
This was the green-robed man's Sword Will!
He had obtained it in the Sword Abyss, and he had used it once. But after using it once, this Sword Will had fallen into a deep sleep!
And after such a long period of cultivation, this wisp of Sword Will had already recovered.
This was the only way he could save his life!
Ye Xuan looked up, and another bolt of blood lightning fell. Ye Xuan gently flipped his palm, and the wisp of Sword Will suddenly shot into the sky.
Boom!
In the sky, that bolt of divine lightning directly shattered, and the wisp of Sword Will shot straight into the depths of the starry sky. Soon —
Boom!
A loud noise suddenly came from the depths of the starry sky, and then a pitch-black vortex appeared in the entire starry sky.
Ye Xuan looked into the depths of the starry sky, and he couldn't feel that wisp of Sword Will anymore!
It was gone!
And in the starry sky, the blood cloud slowly became illusory!
Ye Xuan turned and ran.
He knew that the calamity hadn't been destroyed, and that the green-robed man might have only been seriously injured by that wisp of Sword Will!
He had to recover his cultivation during this period of time!
With his current cultivation that surpassed the mortal realm, if he could recover his cultivation, he would definitely be able to face this calamity head-on!
Before long, Ye Xuan disappeared in the boundless mountain range.
...
Demon World, Demon City.
This was the most prosperous place in the Demon World, and it was also the place with the most experts in the Demon World!
And Ye Xuan directly sneaked into Demon City.
The most dangerous place was the safest place!
Now that the demons were looking for him all over the world, they definitely wouldn't have thought that he would come to Demon City!
This time, he didn't enter Demon City openly, but put on a large black robe and hid himself!
Demon City was very prosperous, not at all inferior to the human race. It was obvious that the demons in the Demon World also had their own culture!
Ye Xuan glanced around, and he quickly disappeared at the end of the street.
After asking around in the city, Ye Xuan quietly came to a library in Demon City. This library only had some ordinary ancient books, so there were no experts guarding it.
After Ye Xuan entered the library, he began to frantically flip through the ancient books inside.
He had to first familiarize himself with the history and culture of the entire Demon World in order to better survive in this place. At the same time, he also wanted to see if he could find anything about the man in green.
After reading for about an hour, the sound of footsteps suddenly came from behind Ye Xuan. Ye Xuan turned his head, and in front of him was a Demon Cultivator woman!
The woman looked quite young, only sixteen or seventeen years old. Her eyes were big and she looked somewhat cute.
The Demon Cultivator woman looked at Ye Xuan and said with a smile, "You also like to read?"
Ye Xuan nodded.
The Demon Cultivator woman immediately became interested, "What do you like to read?"
Ye Xuan thought for a moment, then said: "History!"
The Demon Cultivator woman blinked, "You're not a Demon Cultivator, right?"
Ye Xuan's expression froze.
The Demon Cultivator woman sized up Ye Xuan, then said: "The ancient book in your hands is a basic history book. If you are a Demon Cultivator, it is impossible for you not to understand the basic history of the Demon Cultivator race!
Furthermore, you are wearing a black robe, so I can't see your true face … In other words, you are most likely afraid that others will see your true face … Are you that human called Ye Xuan? "
"F * ck!"
Ye Xuan could not help but curse, was this woman a god?
The Demon Cultivator woman giggled, "You must be!
Because when I said your name, your hand couldn't help but tighten the grip on the book in your hand. This is your instinctive reaction. "
As she said that, she walked in front of Ye Xuan and gently untied Ye Xuan's hat.
When she saw Ye Xuan, the Demon Cultivator woman immediately said excitedly: "You really are that Ye Xuan!"
Ye Xuan looked at the Demon Cultivator woman, "Aren't you afraid that I'll kill you to silence you?"
The Demon Cultivator woman shook her head, "You are not a bad person!"
Ye Xuan smiled and said: "Why?"
The Demon Cultivator woman smiled and said: "Because you have protected many humans before. A heinous person will not protect others, and will not put himself in a desperate situation for others!
So, you won't kill me! "
Ye Xuan smiled faintly, "But you are a Demon Cultivator, and I am a human!"
The Demon Cultivator woman retorted, "Are all Demon Cultivators bad?"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The Demon Cultivator woman said again: "You want to understand the history of Demon Cultivators, it is obvious that you are not a native of the Demon Domain. You are from the outside … Nine Dimensional Universe or the distant Heaven Domain?"
As she said that, she thought about it and then said: "You should be from the Nine Dimensional Universe, because the Heaven Domain is controlled by the Universe Enforcer, and you are clearly not on the same side as the Universe Law."
After a moment of silence, Ye Xuan asked: "Why?"
The Demon Cultivator woman smiled and said: "The woman who was with you before is a Universe Protector, and she left, but you did not. Why?
It is very simple, you are not on the same side.
Moreover, according to what I know, when she left, she deliberately framed you!
So, you should be from the Nine Dimensional Universe, and you might have a grudge against the Universe God Court.
And you are definitely not an ordinary person, because other than the Universe Protector, no other power can come here, even the powerful Undying Emperor Clan of the Nine Dimensional Universe, but you came here!
Obviously, a peerless expert sent you here, and this peerless expert's strength is definitely very terrifying, at least … "
As she said that, she shook her head, "It is impossible to estimate!"
Ye Xuan: "…"
The Demon Cultivator woman said again: "Your physical body is very strong, but you do not have any cultivation, this is very abnormal. In other words, your cultivation might have been sealed!
If that is the case, it is very likely that you were sent here by that peerless expert to gain experience! "
As she said that, she looked at Ye Xuan and grinned, "What I said just now is just my guess, can you tell me how much you guessed correctly?"
Ye Xuan: "…"
...
PS: Once again, thank you to everyone who voted!
Thank you!
It has been a long time!
This is the first time I am in the top ten of the monthly votes!
Bow!








Chapter 1590
Inside the library hall, there was silence.
Ye Xuan was a little shocked in his heart. Who exactly was this Devil Cultivator girl in front of him?
Ye Xuan did not ask this question, but laughed: "You know what happened in front of the Human Clan City, obviously you are not an ordinary person!
And I can be sure that you have nothing to do with the Demon Realm, because if you were the Demon Realm, you would not let the Demon Realm target me and that person from the Cosmos God Court!
There are two reasons why you do not hate humans. Firstly, you are most likely from the outside world, or rather, you have been to the outside world and know about the outside world. Secondly, you are kind-hearted.
However, I think you should be the first. "
As he spoke, he sat at the side and laughed: "The reason why you were able to find me is definitely because you guessed correctly. Right now, my top priority is to understand the history of the Demon Domain, so if I am not wrong, before you came to this library hall, you must have been to other library halls, right?"
The Devil Cultivator girl sat in front of Ye Xuan and laughed: "I have indeed been to the outside world, and I understand the Undying Emperor Clan and the Cosmos God Court!
As for being able to find you, it is indeed as you said! "
Ye Xuan shrugged his shoulders, "Miss, there must be something you need from me, right?"
The Devil Cultivator girl blinked, "Why don't you guess again?"
Ye Xuan looked at the Devil Cultivator girl, "I don't like to show off my intelligence!
Isn't it better to be more direct? "
The Devil Cultivator girl laughed: "Alright!"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Speak!"
The Devil Cultivator girl shook her head and laughed, "No rush!
Come, tell me what I can help you with!
You can tell me what kind of help you want!
Of course, if you want me to help you undo the seal in your body, I can't do it!
Other than that, you can ask for anything else! "
Ye Xuan looked at the Devil Cultivator girl, "Destroy the Demon Realm!"
The Devil Cultivator girl blinked, "Are you serious?"
Ye Xuan laughed: "Can you do it?"
The Devil Cultivator girl grinned, "I can do it!"
Ye Xuan looked at the Devil Cultivator girl and did not speak.
The devil woman smiled and said, "If you are sure, within two hours, I can make all the experts above the Consolidation Realm disappear in the Imperial Capital of the Devil World!"
Ye Xuan chuckled. "Looks like I've met a big shot!"
The Devil Cultivator woman smiled, "Obviously, you have other requests!"
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Why don't you tell me how I can help you first!"
The Devil Cultivator woman hurriedly shook her head, "You are the guest, why don't you tell us your request first!"
Ye Xuan looked at the Devil Cultivator woman for a moment, and said: "Good!
I want to find a Swordsman, a very, very strong Swordsman. He might have come here tens of thousands of years ago, or even longer. I want to know everything about him! "
The Demonkin lady asked, "How strong is the Swordsman?"
Ye Xuan said, "The invincible kind!"
The Devil Cultivator woman looked at Ye Xuan, and after a moment, she said, "Is it a Swordsman wearing a green robe?"
Ye Xuan narrowed his eyes, "He really came here!"
The Devil Cultivator woman smiled and said, "Thirty-six thousand years ago, a Swordsman in a green robe came to the Devil Domain, he was a human!"
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "Where did he go?"
The Devil Cultivator woman said, "Demon Mountain!"
Ye Xuan frowned, "Demon Mountain?"
The Devil Cultivator woman nodded, "That Swordsman appeared in Demon Mountain, as for what happened after that, I don't know."
Ye Xuan pondered, why did this cheap father go to Demon Mountain?
The Devil Cultivator woman smiled and said, "Do you want to go to Demon Mountain?"
Ye Xuan was about to speak, but the Devil Cultivator woman said, "If you want to go, I can bring you there, and only I can bring you there. Because that place, don't talk about a human, even … En, even the Young Domain Lord of the Devil Domain doesn't have the qualifications to go there!
Because that place is the holy land of the entire Devil Domain! "
Ye Xuan was curious, "The holy land of the entire Devil Domain?"
The Devil Cultivator woman nodded, "Yes!
Because that was the place where the Great Demon Lord lived. "
Ye Xuan said, "Can you tell me about this Great Demon Lord?"
The Devil Cultivator woman smiled and said, "There is nothing to say!
He was once the strongest expert of the Devil Domain. When the Great Demon Lord was around, the Devil Domain was the most terrifying, and could suppress the Nine Dimensions and Heaven Domain. Even the Cosmos God Court had to give them some face! "
Ye Xuan asked, "Then why did he disappear?"
The Devil Cultivator woman smiled and said, "It is a secret for now!"
Ye Xuan was silent for a long time, then said, "What do you want me to help you with?"
The Devil Cultivator woman smiled and said, "There is no hurry, after I help you, you can help me.
Don't worry, it won't be anything that will make things difficult for you! "
Ye Xuan looked at the Devil Cultivator woman and didn't say anything as he pondered in his heart.
The Devil Cultivator woman blinked her eyes and said, "Currently, you don't seem to have anything worth me scheming against, right?
Moreover, the Devil Domain is looking for you, if they find you, you might suffer!
Also, that woman from the Cosmos God Court has already returned to the Cosmos God Court, when she comes, she will definitely not come alone, and your current state … might be a little dangerous!
Also, previously, a mountain range thousands of miles outside the city turned into ashes … this has something to do with you, right? "
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "I don't seem to have any other choice!"
The Devil Cultivator woman smiled and said, "We can work together!
You need me now, I also need you, moreover, I have no reason to be enemies with you, right? "
Ye Xuan smiled and said, "My name is Ye Xuan!"
The Devil Cultivator woman smiled and said, "Mo Xiao Shuang!"
Ye Xuan stood up and said, "Then let's go!"
Mo Xiao Shuang also stood up and said, "Let's go!"
The two of them left the Library Hall and just as they were about to leave the Devil City, a Devil Cultivator elder suddenly appeared in front of them. The Devil Cultivator elder stared at Ye Xuan and said, "Take off your black robe!"
Ye Xuan frowned slightly. Had he been discovered?
At this moment, a cold light flashed and in the next moment, the Devil Cultivator elder's head flew into the air!
Ye Xuan turned around and saw a Devil Cultivator man holding a long saber standing not far away.
Seeing this Devil Cultivator man, Ye Xuan's face turned serious!
Mortal Realm!
The Devil Cultivator man bowed towards Mo Xiao Shuang and was very respectful.
Mo Xiao Shuang smiled and said, "Leave this to him!
Let's go! "
As soon as she finished speaking, she led Ye Xuan out of the city. They'd just left the city when an enormous demon beast suddenly swooped down from the sky.
It was a completely pitch black dragon that was over 10km long. As soon as it appeared, an extremely terrifying Dragon Pressure swept over and seemed as if it intended to crush the entire Devil City!
The entire Devil City was shocked!
But for some unknown reason, not a single expert had appeared in the city.
Ye Xuan gazed at the black dragon and was extremely shocked in his heart. Because the black dragon's cultivation had surpassed the Heavenly Dao Realm!
Not only had its cultivation surpassed the Heavenly Dao Realm, even its physical body had surpassed the Heavenly Dao Realm!
Meanwhile, the black dragon suddenly slowed down and stopped when it was over 100m away from Ye Xuan and Mo Xiao Shuang. After that, it slowly knelt on the ground and pressed its head against the ground.
Mo Xiao Shuang smiled and said, "Let's go!"
As she spoke, she led Ye Xuan up to the dragon's head, and then they moved up the dragon's back.
Ye Xuan glanced at Mo Xiao Shuang. It was obvious that this woman hadn't been bragging earlier!
She really had the ability to destroy this Devil City!
At the same time, he secretly put up his guard!
It was obvious that this Devil City wasn't as simple as it seemed!
...
Devil City's main hall.
At this moment, Vast Ming and the other experts were staring at a demonic old man at the entrance of the main hall. The old man wore a black robe and was skinny. He held a sheathed longsword in his right hand.
When there was a commotion in the sky above Devil City, they wanted to go out but were stopped by this old man!
In front of this old man, there were over 10 corpses. Among them, three were Heavenly Dao Realm experts!
Vast Ming stared at the old man, "Who are you?!"
The old man in the black robe didn't speak. He turned around and left. When he walked out of the main hall, he suddenly slashed with his sword.
Chi!
The sword landed and the main hall was directly split into two. However, the sword qi didn't dissipate and continued forward for thousands of miles.
In an instant, the entire Devil City was directly split into two!
The old man in the black robe looked coldly at the Devil City below, "Young master Ye is my master's honored guest. If you dare to find trouble with him again.
You will all die! "
After saying that, he directly rode on his sword and disappeared into the horizon.
Along with him, the man with the saber from before also disappeared.
Below, Vast Ming and the rest looked at the horizon in a daze.
....
In the horizon.
The Devil Dragon flew through the sky at an extremely fast speed.
On the back of the Devil Dragon, Ye Xuan suddenly asked, "Miss Xiao Shuang, I'm actually a little curious. I'm curious how I can help you?"
Mo Xiao Shuang smiled, "Only you can help me!"
Ye Xuan looked at Mo Xiao Shuang, "I'm getting more and more curious!"
Mo Xiao Shuang smiled, "You will know very soon!"
Ye Xuan suddenly asked, "You won't scheme against me right?"
Mo Xiao Shuang blinked, "What do you think?"
Ye Xuan smiled, "To be honest, I'm a little afraid of being possessed or something!"
Mo Xiao Shuang laughed, "Young master Ye, don't worry. I have no ill intentions towards you. What I want Young master Ye to help me with might be as difficult as ascending the heavens to others, but to Young master Ye, it's a piece of cake."
Ye Xuan chuckled, "Now that you say it like that, I'm even more curious!"
Mo Xiao Shuang smiled, and then she said, "We're here!"
As she spoke, she lightly stomped her right foot.
The Mystic Dragon immediately stopped.
Ye Xuan looked into the distance. There was a huge mountain there. The entire mountain towered into the clouds, and it emitted a strange black mist.
Mo Xiao Shuang smiled, "Let's go!"
As she spoke, she directly brought Ye Xuan along and disappeared on the back of the Devil Dragon.
As they approached the mountain, Ye Xuan's expression gradually became solemn. Because he sensed an invisible pressure pressing down upon him, and the pressure grew stronger the closer they got!
Meanwhile, a mysterious old man suddenly appeared before them. The old man raised his hands before him, and then he suddenly shook them forward, "Disperse!"
Bang!
A powerful force swept out, and in an instant, that oppressive force was pushed back.
The old man turned around and bowed slightly to Mo Xiao Shuang, and then he vanished silently.
Another Worldly Realm expert!
Ye Xuan fell silent.
Motherfucker! Are Mortal Realm experts like cabbages here?
It didn't take long for them to appear on the mountain. Mo Xiao Shuang lightly stomped the ground with her right foot and smiled, "Earlier, you asked me why the Great Demon Lord vanished.
Let me tell you now, he isn't dead. He's sealed beneath here! "
Ye Xuan said, "The green clothed man?"
Mo Xiao Shuang smiled, "Yes!"
Ye Xuan said to himself, Shit! Right at this moment, the ground before them split apart, and then a figure appeared before them.
Great Demon Lord!
The Great Demon Lord looked at Ye Xuan, "The same bloodline, you are his son!"
Ye Xuan hurriedly said, "Every injustice has its perpetrator, and every debt has its debtor. The matter between you and him has nothing to do with me!"
The mysterious man stared at Ye Xuan and said, "A son must pay for his father's debt!
Is there a problem? "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
..
!!








Chapter 1591
The son had to pay his father's debts!
Ye Xuan almost spat out a mouthful of blood from rage when he heard this!
Normally, it's the son who tricks the father, but it's different for me. The father tricks the son, and it's the type to the point of death. Could it be that I'm really not his biological son?
Right at this moment, the Grand Demon Lord suddenly gazed at Mo Xiaoshuang who stood by Ye Xuan's side, and his brows knit together slightly, "Who are you!?"
A trace of surprise flashed through Ye Xuan's eyes when he heard this. The Grand Demon Lord actually doesn't know Mo Xiaoshuang?
Actually, he'd suspected that the Grand Demon Lord was Mo Xiaoshuang, but now it would seem like it wasn't the case.
Mo Xiaoshuang's identity is even more mysterious!
Mo Xiaoshuang smiled, "Who I am isn't important."
As she spoke, she gazed at Ye Xuan, "We're already here, so do what you want!"
Ye Xuan hesitated for a moment and said, "Miss Xiaoshuang, I'm unable to utilize my divine sense. Can you help me see if there's a box on the mountain?"
Mo Xiaoshuang gazed at Ye Xuan, "A box?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Yes!"
Mo Xiaoshuang nodded slightly, "Alright!"
As she spoke, she snapped her fingers, and then a white robed old man suddenly appeared here.
Ye Xuan's face instantly sank when he saw the old man!
He's at least at the Heavenly Grasp Realm!
Moreover, the old man is actually at the Mortal Realm as well!
Needless to say, Ye Xuan was extremely shocked right now.
Up until now, he'd seen quite a few at the Mortal Realm!
Just who was this Mo Xiaoshuang?
After the old man appeared, he'd soundlessly appeared on Mo Xiaoshuang's right, and his gaze was constantly locked onto the Grand Demon Lord.
Mo Xiaoshuang gazed at the old man and smiled, "Sweep through the mountain!"
The old man nodded and was about to utilize his divine sense. Meanwhile, the Grand Demon Lord suddenly said, "Are you treating me like I don't exist?"
Mo Xiaoshuang gazed at the Grand Demon Lord and smiled, "Grand Demon Lord, I think you're quite stupid, really!
Don't be angry. Let me tell you a few stupid things about you!
Firstly, you are still being suppressed, and the only person who can save you, forgive me for being blunt, in the current Demon Region, is Young Master Ye who is by my side!
You, on the other hand, want to f * ck him as soon as he comes … I'm really speechless. With your IQ, how did you become the Demon Lord back then?
I think Young Master Ye wouldn't dare to release your seal even if you beat him to death! "
As she spoke, she looked at Ye Xuan. "Right?"
Ye Xuan quickly nodded, "I wouldn't dare!
I'm afraid of getting beaten up! "
The Great Demon Lord: "…"
Mo Xiao Shuang continued, "Also, Great Demon Lord, I want to ask you a question. Can you beat Young Master Ye's father?"
The azure-robed man!
The Great Demon Lord's face turned ugly. If he could defeat them, would he still be suppressed here?
Mo Xiaoshuang clapped his hands and said with a smile, "Clearly, you can't beat me!
Since you can't beat him, why are you thinking about revenge?
Even if you can't come out and kill Young Master Ye, what happens after you kill Young Master Ye?
Do you think his father will come and mess with you? "
The Great Demon Lord stared at Mo Xiaoshuang, his body emitting a thick demonic aura. "Then I have been trapped here for tens of thousands of years for nothing?"
Mo Xiaoshuang blinked. "Don't you know why you were trapped in the first place?"
At the side, Ye Xuan asked curiously, "How did he get trapped?"
Mo Xiaoshuang smiled. "I have to start from a little white guy. Oh right, the Spirit Ancestor!
Back then, the Spirit Ancestor passed by here, and this Great Demon Lord sensed the Spirit Ancestor. Then, you know what happened next! "
Ye Xuan's expression turned strange.
This Great Demon Lord was also an idiot. Of all people to provoke, he had to provoke that little guy!
How could he provoke that little guy?
Provoking that little guy was equivalent to poking a hornet's nest!
In the distance, the Great Demon Lord's face turned ugly.
At that time, he didn't expect that there would be a terrifying Swordsman following behind the little white guy. The Swordsman wasn't scary, but the horned little girl … She was beaten up miserably!
At this time, Mo Xiaoshuang looked at the white-robed old man and smiled. "Search!"
The white-robed old man nodded and slowly closed his eyes. His divine sense directly enveloped the entire Demon Mountain.
A moment later, the white-robed old man opened his eyes. He looked at Mo Xiaoshuang and shook his head.
No!
Mo Xiaoshuang looked at Ye Xuan. After a moment of silence, Ye Xuan sighed.
Why didn't this little guy bury the box?
As if he thought of something, Ye Xuan suddenly asked, "Miss Xiaoshuang, are you saying that the Spirit Ancestor came here alone?"
Mo Xiaoshuang nodded. "Yes!"
Ye Xuan said softly, "In that case, my cheap father's target wasn't the Great Demon Lord. He came to the Demon Domain for something else. The little guy was playful and ran here alone … In other words, suppressing the Demon Lord was a simple matter!"
"What did you say!?"
In the distance, the Great Demon Lord suddenly stared at Ye Xuan. "Are you insulting me?"
Ye Xuan: "…"
Mo Xiaoshuang smiled. "He wasn't insulting you. He was just stating a fact!"
The Great Demon Lord sneered. "Do you think I can't do anything to you just because I'm suppressed?"
As he spoke, he opened his palm, and a black medallion suddenly shot into the sky. When it shot into the sky, the medallion turned into a ray of black light and dissipated.
Ye Xuan looked at the black light in the sky. "Is he calling for help?"
Mo Xiaoshuang nodded. "Obviously!"
Ye Xuan turned to look at Mo Xiaoshuang. "Can you beat him?"
Mo Xiaoshuang smiled. "Yes, but there's no need to fight!
Let's go! "
Ye Xuan nodded.
The three left.
The Great Demon Lord didn't stop them because he knew he couldn't!
Right now, his body was still suppressed. He couldn't do anything!
Not long after Ye Xuan's group left, a powerful aura suddenly rushed over from the horizon. Soon, 12 black-robed demons appeared in front of the Great Demon Lord.
The 12 Demonists!
The Great Demon Lord looked at the distant sky. "Pass down my order. Capture that human alive. Remember, wait for that woman to leave before you act!"
The 12 Demonists quietly disappeared.
The Great Demon Lord slowly closed his eyes. He clenched his right hand. His heart was like a ball of fire.
Thirty-six thousand years!
He had been suppressed by a strand of sword qi for a full thirty-six thousand years!
How could he endure this insult?
Right now, he only wanted revenge!
Thus, when he saw Ye Xuan, he couldn't control his desire to kill!
Unfortunately, beside Ye Xuan was Mo Xiaoshuang, and beside Mo Xiaoshuang, there were many powerful experts!
After a long time, the Great Demon Lord opened his eyes. He looked at the horizon and smiled. "No matter how strong you are, can you be stronger than the Universe's Law?"
Slowly, the smile in his eyes turned cold.
...
Somewhere in the sky, Ye Xuan, who was standing on the Demon Dragon, turned to look at Mo Xiaoshuang. "Miss Xiaoshuang, you can tell me what you want me to do!"
Mo Xiaoshuang smiled. "Okay!"
Saying so, she looked into the distance. "We'll be there soon!"
Ye Xuan was curious. "Miss Xiaoshuang, you are a demon, but you're different from other demons. For example, you don't hate humans. Moreover, you're not on the same side as the Great Demon Lord!
Moreover, the Great Demon Lord doesn't know you. This isn't normal! "
Mo Xiaoshuang smiled. "I can answer your first question. That is, I don't hate humans!
The demons here hate humans because they generally think that humans are weak. They think that humans are only fit to be their slaves!
Humans in the Demon Realm are indeed weak. In this world, the strong are revered. Thus, humans are enslaved, just like how humans in other worlds enslave other races.
I don't hate humans because I've been to the outside world. I know how big the sky is and how terrifying the human experts in this world are! "
Saying so, she looked at Ye Xuan and smiled. "As for the second question, the Great Demon Lord doesn't know me because his level isn't high enough. There are some levels that he can't touch!"
Low level!
Ye Xuan shook his head. "Miss Xiaoshuang, I'm a little curious about your identity!"
Mo Xiaoshuang smiled. "If you really want to know, I can tell you!"
Ye Xuan looked at Mo Xiaoshuang. "I want to know!"
Mo Xiaoshuang blinked. "I'll tell you later!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Suddenly, the space around them trembled. In the next moment, the space in front of them cracked open. The Demon Dragon suddenly sped up and transformed into a black ray of light that shot into the cracked space.
...
It didn't take long for Ye Xuan and the others to arrive at the surface of the sea. There was a small island floating on the surface of the sea.
Ye Xuan looked at the island. Meanwhile, Mo Xiaoshuang smiled. "Young master Ye, we need a little help from you later."
Ye Xuan said, "My cheap dad's sword energy is on this island, right?"
Mo Xiaoshuang glanced at Ye Xuan and smiled. "Yes!"
Ye Xuan asked. "As far as I know, he's not someone who likes to act casually."
As he spoke, he looked at Mo Xiaoshuang.
Mo Xiaoshuang smiled. "Young master Ye, don't misunderstand. There's no enmity between us and him!
Conversely, we have to thank him. "
Ye Xuan thought for a moment and said, "Your main body is being suppressed there!"
Mo Xiaoshuang suddenly turned to look at Ye Xuan. At this moment, the smile on her face had vanished.
Ye Xuan smiled, "I guessed!"
Mo Xiaoshuang shook her head and smiled. "Young master Ye, can you tell me how you guessed it?"
Ye Xuan said, "The experts by your side respect you very much, and they respect you from the bottom of their hearts. Such experts would absolutely not respect a weakling like that. In other words, you're definitely an extraordinary expert.
Moreover, you haven't fought since we met. Especially on Devil Mountain. I asked you to sweep the mountain with your divine sense, but you didn't do that and called for help instead.
There are two explanations. The first is that you disdained to fight, and the second is that you're unable to!
But I lean towards the second explanation. Because that white robed old man by your side immediately moved closer to you when the Demon Lord appeared. Moreover, he's been constantly staring at the Demon Lord and is ready to attack at any moment!
So, you probably don't have any cultivation right now, right? "
Right at this moment, four people appeared on the back of the devil dragon.
An old man with a sword, a man with a saber, an old man in black robes, and an old man in white robes.
All four of them were at the Mortal Realm!
At this moment, their gazes were converged onto Ye Xuan.
Mo Xiaoshuang suddenly laughed, "What are all of you doing?
If Young Master Ye wanted to harm me, he wouldn't have said all of that. He would have attacked directly! "
The four of them vanished silently.
Mo Xiaoshuang gazed at Ye Xuan, and her smile grew brighter, "Young Master Ye, you've made me look at you in a different light."
Ye Xuan laughed, "It was a blind guess!"
Mo Xiaoshuang roared with laughter, "Then your guess is really accurate!"
Right at this moment, the white robed old man suddenly appeared in front of Mo Xiaoshuang. The white robed old man's expression was slightly unsightly, "Master, the Cosmos God Court has arrived!"
Mo Xiaoshuang laughed, "Who are they?"
The white-robed old man said in a deep voice, "God Official!
He even brought the 36 Ancient Gods with him … The Spirit Palace might have come as well!
But we can't find each other. "
Hearing this, Ye Xuan's expression changed drastically, "Damn it!
Cleric?
That fella who was known as the number one expert under the laws of the Cosmos God Court?
Was he crazy?
Are they here to fuck me?
He … "
Speaking to there, he seemed to think of something and looked at Mo Xiao Shuang with wide eyes, saying in disbelief, "No … they're not here to do anything to me … they're here to beat you … just who are you?"
....
PS: Please vote!!!
He was working hard to save the manuscript!
!!








Chapter 1592
At first, when Ye Xuan heard the white-robed elder's words, his first thought was that the other party was here to kill him!
But on second thought, that's not right!
If they were here to kill him, this God Official alone was enough!
Was there a need to bring so many people?
Moreover, he was currently ranked 36th on the Cosmos God Palace's wanted list. This ranking shouldn't be enough for a God Official to attack him!
Thinking of the white-robed elder's ugly expression, Ye Xuan suddenly understood that the other party was not here to kill him, but to find Mo Xiaoshuang!
But very quickly, Ye Xuan's expression darkened.
Now that he was with Mo Xiaoshuang, would the other party kill him as well?
Of course, he was more curious about who this Mo Xiaoshuang was.
To actually provoke the Cosmos God Court's God Official personally!
At this moment, Mo Xiaoshuang suddenly said, "Young Master Ye, we have to hurry!"
With that, the demonic dragon beneath her feet suddenly sped up, and soon, the two appeared on the small island.
Mo Xiaoshuang brought Ye Xuan into the distance, "Young Master Ye, let me explain to you now!
You guessed correctly, the me you see now isn't my real body, and my real body is indeed suppressed here.
The reason why your father suppressed it is because I asked him to help. "
Ye Xuan was curious, "You asked him to help?"
Mo Xiaoshuang nodded, "Back then, I was too hasty in my cultivation, and I couldn't control the powerful energy in my body, so I could only ask him to suppress me here and let me slowly control the energy in my body.
In these thirty thousand years, I have been able to control the energy in my body, but … "
With that, she shook her head and smiled, "I can't break the sword qi left behind by his real body!
Back then, I was still a little too confident!
I thought that once I controlled the energy in my body, I could destroy his sword qi and come out!
But in the end, I found that I couldn't do it!
I wanted to contact him, but I couldn't contact his real body, until recently … his clone seemed to have appeared! "
Ye Xuan said solemnly, "He didn't ask me to help you!"
Mo Xiaoshuang smiled, "Why would he?
Isn't it good for me to take the initiative to find you and owe you a big favor? "
Hearing this, Ye Xuan suddenly understood.
This might be the reason why his cheapskate father sent him here.
This Mo Xiao Shuang was clearly not an ordinary person. If he could make her owe him a favor, it would definitely be a great thing!
Mo Xiaoshuang continued, "His sword energy shouldn't repel you. So, as long as you help me take away his sword energy, I'll be able to come out!"
Ye Xuan said, "It sounds very simple!"
Mo Xiaoshuang smiled and said, "Indeed so. However, life is always full of surprises!"
As soon as she finished speaking, the sky in the distance suddenly split open. In the next moment, a middle-aged man appeared in the sky. The middle-aged man wore a black robe, and a mysterious demonic beast was embroidered on the robe. The demonic beast's face was ferocious, and its eyes were filled with hostility.
Cleric!
The number two character of the Cosmos God Court!
Behind him were thirty-six people. All of them wore long black robes, and their figures were illusory. It was very strange, almost like shadows!
Thirty-six ancient gods!
Ye Xuan's expression instantly became unsightly when he saw them.
He was unable to sense the Cleric's strength, but he was able to sense that all thirty-six of them were actually at the Mortal Realm. Even though they weren't at the peak of the Mortal Realm like Xiao Dao and the others, it was still extremely terrifying!
Mo Xiaoshuang gazed at the Cleric and smiled, "Cleric, I trust you've been well since we last met!"
The Cleric gazed at Mo Xiaoshuang, "I never expected that you'd been silent for so long. It wasn't because you were planning something big, but because your main body was suppressed!"
Mo Xiaoshuang roared with laughter, "You only noticed it now? Aren't you very angry?"
The Cleric shook his head, "It isn't too late to notice it now!"
The corners of Mo Xiaoshuang's mouth curled up slightly, "Is that so?"
The Cleric gazed at Ye Xuan, "Calamity Physique!"
Ye Xuan thought for a moment and said, "I'm a good person!"
The Cleric gazed at Ye Xuan, "A good person can't be a Calamity Physique. Since he is, then he's definitely a sinner."
Ye Xuan shrugged, "If that's what you say, then I have nothing else to say!"
The Cleric nodded, "You die and I die, so there's really nothing else to say."
As soon as he finished speaking, he suddenly vanished.
Ye Xuan's expression instantly changed greatly because the Cleric's target wasn't Mo Xiaoshuang, but him!
What the hell?
At the instant the Cleric attacked, the 36 Ancient Gods behind him suddenly attacked as well, and numerous mysterious experts had suddenly appeared in the surroundings of the island. However, these mysterious experts had only just appeared when they were stopped by the 36 Ancient Gods.
At this instant, at least 70 Mortal Realm experts had appeared in the sky above the island!
Of course, this wasn't the main point to Ye Xuan, the main point was that the Cleric had arrived!
With his current strength, he was utterly unable to resist such a terrifying expert!
If his cultivation wasn't sealed, then perhaps he would be able to put up a fight. But this damnable sword energy within his body still hadn't removed the seal!
I'm doomed!
This was the last thought that flashed through Ye Xuan's mind at this moment!
I've been tricked to death by this cheap old man!
The aura of death!
Once again, he felt the aura of death, and this time, it was even more intense!
Could he defeat it?
Of course not!
Although he knew that he couldn't defeat it, Ye Xuan still didn't resign himself to death, that wasn't his style!
Even if he died, he wouldn't wait for it, he would fight to the death!
Ye Xuan suddenly clenched his right hand, and then punched out!
At the instant he punched out, there was only one thought left in his mind.
Fight!
No matter how strong his opponent was, even if he was stronger than the three swords, he still had to attack!
It was one thing to fight, and another to not fight!
This punch was similar to the Sword of Life and Death, forgetting about life and death, not seeking to survive!
Bang!
With this punch, Ye Xuan's right arm directly shattered, and at the same time, his entire body was directly sent flying. This time, he flew directly out of the island, and finally smashed heavily into the sea, splashing water in all directions!
Ye Xuan fell slowly, and his consciousness was gradually blurring.
On the other side, the Divine Official didn't pursue Ye Xuan, and he looked at Mo Xiaoshuang instead, "Do you think you can save him?"
Mo Xiaoshuang had attacked just now.
However, she hadn't attacked directly, and she'd only attacked at the instant Ye Xuan was about to die. She'd grasped the timing very well.
Mo Xiaoshuang smiled, and then her body gradually became illusory. That was the price she had to pay for attacking just now.
This clone of hers could only resist the Divine Official once!
The Divine Official turned around to look at Ye Xuan who'd fallen to the bottom of the sea, "You want him to unseal you? Unfortunately, you won't have that chance!"
As he spoke, he was about to attack. Meanwhile, Mo Xiaoshuang suddenly said, "Divine Official, do you really think it's that simple?"
The Divine Official looked at Mo Xiaoshuang, and then his eyes narrowed slightly, "You intentionally exposed your aura to draw me here!"
The corners of Mo Xiaoshuang's mouth curled up slightly, "What else could I do?"
As she spoke, she turned around and looked towards a certain direction, "Heh, that strand of sword energy. Your Little Master is about to be killed!
Aren't you going to do something about it? "
A moment of silence ensued.
Om!
A sword howl suddenly resounded, and then a strand of sword energy shot into the sky from afar and slashed directly at the Divine Official!
When he saw this ….
The Divine Official's pupils constricted at the instant this strand of sword energy arrived, and then he suddenly placed his right hand before his chest, "The heavens and the earth are protecting me!"
Bang!
In an instant, the entire world seemed to have become one with him, and an illusory shield had appeared in front of him. This shield contained boundless energy of the heavens and the earth, and it was indestructible!
Meanwhile, the strand of sword energy suddenly slashed onto the shield.
Bang!
In an instant, the entire world had become illusory, and then it was obliterated inch by inch!
Meanwhile, the shield before the Divine Official suddenly split apart, and then the sword energy shot straight towards the Divine Official!
The Divine Official's pupils constricted when he witnessed this scene, and then he suddenly spread open his right hand and clenched it.
Bang!
He'd grabbed the strand of sword energy, but his body had instantly become illusory while the strand of sword energy still hadn't vanished!
As he sensed his body grow more and more illusory, the Divine Official didn't dare hold back at all, and he slowly closed his eyes. "Go!"
The space between his brows suddenly split apart, and then a tiny 'Justice' character suddenly flew out.
Bang!
The strand of sword energy was blasted over 1km away, and then the 'Justice' character forcefully resisted the strand of sword energy and didn't allow it to move an inch forward!
Right at this moment, a formidable aura suddenly appeared on the isle, and then a woman floated up slowly.
Mo Xiaoshuang!
Mo Xiaoshuang took a deep breath after she floated up into the air, and then she smiled, "The feeling of freedom!"
As she spoke, she gazed at the Divine Official and smiled, "As expected of the Divine Official. You were actually able to resist this strand of sword energy. Amazing!"
There was a trace of fear in the Divine Official's eyes as he gazed at Mo Xiaoshuang.
He wasn't afraid of Mo Xiaoshuang when he was at his peak, even if Mo Xiaoshuang was much stronger now!
But the problem was that he wasn't at his peak right now!
Even though he'd resisted that strand of sword energy for now, he'd been heavily injured.
He was absolutely unable to defeat Mo Xiaoshuang in his current state!
When he thought up to here, the Divine Official suddenly said, "Retreat!"
As soon as he finished speaking, his body gradually turned illusory, and the surrounding experts of the Cosmos God Court retreated explosively.
The people on Mo Xiaoshuang's side were about to give chase, but they were stopped by Mo Xiaoshuang!
Everyone retreated to Mo Xiaoshuang's side, and then they knelt down on one knee. Their eyes were filled with fervor and excitement!
Mo Xiaoshuang looked at the sky. As the Divine Official left, the 'Justice' character vanished along with him. As for that strand of sword energy, it stopped on the spot and didn't move again after losing its target!
The corners of Mo Xiaoshuang's mouth curled up slightly, "The Divine Official is in quite a sorry state this time!
The 'Justice' character that you cultivated for so many years is gone just like that! "
As she spoke, she turned to look at the distant bottom of the river. At this moment, the surroundings were slowly vanishing, and so was the seawater.
Mo Xiaoshuang raised her hand lightly, and Ye Xuan slowly floated up from the bottom of the sea.
Mo Xiaoshuang walked in front of Ye Xuan. At this moment, Ye Xuan wasn't dead, but his aura was extremely weak, and his body was in a terrible state. His entire body was split open, and his bones could be seen.
Mo Xiaoshuang looked at Ye Xuan, and just looked at him. Moments later, she placed her right hand on Ye Xuan's forehead, and gradually, countless fragmented images appeared in her mind!
Foreseeing the future!
After a long time, Mo Xiaoshuang's eyes turned cold, and there was killing intent in them.
Clearly, she had foreseen something bad!
After a long time, Mo Xiaoshuang suddenly laughed, "I believe in fate, but I will not yield!"
As she spoke, she took out two white jade bottles, and placed them on Ye Xuan's chest. Then, she turned and left, "Pass down my orders, get all the experts outside to return to Heaven's Domain, and also declare war on the Cosmos God Court!
F * ck them up! "
Very soon, Mo Xiaoshuang and co. disappeared into the horizon.
Not long after, Ye Xuan suddenly heard the sound of footsteps behind him …
...








Chapter 1593
After an unknown period of time, Ye Xuan slowly opened his eyes and sat up abruptly.
As if he had thought of something, he looked at his right hand. His right hand had already recovered. Not only that, all the injuries on his body had also healed.
Ye Xuan immediately glanced around. He was in a bamboo house at the moment. The bamboo house was empty. Apart from a bed, there was nothing else in it.
What is this place?
Ye Xuan frowned. He stood up and walked out of the house. Not far from the house, a woman was sitting on the ground. Her hair was very long. When she sat down, her hair touched the ground.
The woman seemed to be carving something.
Just as Ye Xuan was about to speak, the woman suddenly said, "You're awake?"
Ye Xuan walked to the woman's side. At this moment, he saw the woman's face.
Very beautiful!
The woman's beauty was enough to make countless men go crazy.
In the woman's hand was a small wooden figurine that had yet to be carved.
Just as Ye Xuan was about to speak, the woman suddenly took out an uncarved wooden figurine and handed it to Ye Xuan. She smiled sweetly, "Carve one according to my appearance!"
After a moment of silence, Ye Xuan took the wooden figurine and started carving.
During this time, the woman just looked at Ye Xuan. Her eyes were as clear as water, with a trace of tenderness.
Not long after, Ye Xuan kept his carving knife. He blew on the sawdust and handed the wooden figurine in his hand to the woman.
The wooden figurine had the appearance of a woman. It was lifelike and looked exactly like a woman.
The woman looked at the wooden figurine for a long time. Suddenly, she smiled, "So similar!"
Ye Xuan asked, "Where's Miss Wushuang?"
The woman gently stroked the wooden figurine, "She's gone!"
Ye Xuan frowned, "Gone?"
The woman nodded.
Ye Xuan looked at the woman, "You're not together with her!"
The woman shook her head and smiled, "Not together!
You don't seem to know who she is? "
Ye Xuan nodded.
The woman smiled, "She's indeed called Mo Xiaoshuang. However, she's not an ordinary person. She's the current master of Heaven's Sanctum. People call her the Great Demon King, Mo Xiaoshuang!"
Heaven's Sanctum!
Ye Xuan was shocked.
He had heard about this power from Mu Xiaodao. Currently, the Cosmos God Court had two extremely strong opponents. One was the Nether World Hall and the other was the Heaven Palace!
He never expected Mo Xiaoshuang to be from Heaven's Sanctum!
At this moment, the woman suddenly smiled and said, "Do you still remember the moment when you almost died?"
Ye Xuan looked at the woman. The woman smiled and said, "Think back!"
Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes. Soon, the scene of the Grand Priest attacking him appeared in his mind.
The aura of death!
Ye Xuan slowly clenched his fists. Gradually, an invisible force swept out from his body. In an instant, the space within a radius of tens of thousands of miles rippled like water!
And this momentum was getting stronger and stronger!
In the beginning, the space in this area rippled like water, but gradually, as the force grew stronger, the surrounding space began to undulate like waves.
However, that force was still getting stronger!
After an unknown period of time, the space within a radius of tens of thousands of miles suddenly cracked with a 'kacha'. It was like a huge spider web. It was incomparably shocking!
Ye Xuan's right hand suddenly loosened. That force instantly surged back into his body like a tide. The surrounding space returned to normal.
Ye Xuan was slightly stunned.
One must know that he had no cultivation at this moment. He didn't even have a sword!
Moreover, he didn't even use his physical strength!
As if he thought of something, he looked at the woman beside him. The woman smiled and said, "Force!
Force of life and death! "
Ye Xuan was slightly confused, "Force of life and death?"
The woman nodded, "The Grand Priest is much stronger than you. Facing a situation of certain death, you didn't give up. Instead, you decisively punched out!
That punch of yours was fearless, forgetting about life and death, and your aura at that moment was also very direct.
At that instant, your aura directly changed!
In other words, the force of life and death! "
Force of life and death!
Ye Xuan asked again, "Is it very useful?"
The woman pointed to the sky, "Punch out!"
Ye Xuan raised his hand and punched out.
Boom!
A huge hole appeared in the sky!
Ye Xuan was a little stunned.
His punch just now was at least twice as strong as before!
The woman smiled and said, "This is power!
A person's aura is very important! "
Ye Xuan turned around and looked at the woman, "Senior is?"
The woman smiled and said, "You can call me Little Ke!"
Ye Xuan said in a deep voice, "I don't know you, but you know me, right?"
Little Ke laughed: "I know the former you!"
Ye Xuan frowned slightly, "The former me?"
Little Ke nodded, "Don't ask too much. There are many things that you don't know right now!"
As she said that, she raised her head and looked at the end of the horizon, "I can't stay here for too long, so what I can help you is limited."
With that, she took out two white jade bottles and placed them in front of Ye Xuan, "This is what Mo Xiaoshuang left for you. One bottle is beast blood, it can help you break through your fleshly body!
The other bottle is for healing, it can help you repair your fleshly body! "
Just as Ye Xuan was about to speak, Little Ke laughed: "Don't ask!
If I tell you something you don't know right now, you might die right away! "
Ye Xuan was silent for a moment, then nodded, "Alright, I won't ask anymore!"
Little Ke laughed: "Swallow that beast blood!
I still have some time, I can protect you! "
Ye Xuan picked up a white jade bottle and opened it, then drank it all in one gulp.
Boom!
As soon as he swallowed it, his body was immediately enveloped by a fiery red flame.
Little Ke said: "This is the blood of the Scarlet Footed Golden Crow Beast, it is extremely precious, properly absorb the energy within the blood!"
Ye Xuan nodded, calmed his mind, and began to absorb the energy in his body.
Little Ke sat at the side, she picked up a piece of uncarved wood, and began to carve. While carving, she would glance at Ye Xuan from time to time.
About an hour later, Ye Xuan, who was in the distance, suddenly opened his eyes. The moment he opened his eyes, a powerful aura swept out from his body, and the surrounding space immediately began to ripple!
Little Ke looked at Ye Xuan, "Divine Realm!"
Ye Xuan nodded. His current physical body had reached the Divine Realm, but he knew that it was far from enough.
This was because his current opponent was completely different from before!
Little Ke suddenly said: "You cultivate a Dao Body?"
A trace of surprise flashed across Ye Xuan's eyes, "You know about the Dao Body too?"
Little Ke nodded, "This body refinement technique is indeed not bad, but the Eternal Realm should be its limit!
Therefore, if you want your fleshly body to reach a higher level, you must return a body refinement technique! "
Ye Xuan laughed bitterly, "No!"
The corner of Little Ke's mouth raised slightly, "I do!"
Ye Xuan looked at Little Ke, "Why did you help me?"
Little Ke shook his head and smiled, "Can I not ask?"
Ye Xuan thought for a moment, then nodded, "Alright!"
Little Ke spread out his palm, and an ancient scroll appeared in front of Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan opened the ancient scroll, and the ancient scroll suddenly turned into a black light and entered between his eyebrows. Very quickly, countless information surged into his mind.
Ancient Martial Body!
The name of the cultivation technique that Little Ke gave him was called Ancient Martial Body, and the most terrifying part of this Body Refinement Technique was its battle. If the battle reached a certain level, it could activate the Ancient Martial Battle Intent!
An Ancient Martial Battle Intent that he didn't even know what it was!
However, it seemed to be very powerful!
Simply put, this Ancient Martial Body would become stronger the more he fought, just like his Mad Demon blood vein. If he activated the Mad Demon blood vein, he should be able to instantly activate the Ancient Martial Battle Intent!
At this time, Little Ke suddenly said: "This Ancient Martial Battle Intent is a type of ancient battle intent. If you cultivate this cultivation technique, if you can activate it, this battle intent will greatly increase your strength!"
"It will greatly increase your strength!"
Saying that, she smiled slightly, "Believe me, it will surprise you!"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Thank you very much!"
Little Ke smiled, then stood up, "Let's take a walk!"
Ye Xuan nodded, "Alright!"
The two of them walked towards a bamboo forest in the distance. On the way, Little Ke suddenly asked, "Do you know the laws of the universe?"
Ye Xuan nodded, "I know!"
Little Ke turned to look at Ye Xuan and said with a smile, "Do you know how terrifying the laws of the universe are?"
Ye Xuan shook his head.
Little Ke looked into the depths of the sky. After a long silence, she said softly, "So far, there should only be four people who can defeat them!
Three of them are the three swords that are related to you! "
Ye Xuan asked, "What about the other one?"
Little Ke laughed: "A person who once had a lot to do with them!"
Ye Xuan said, "The mysterious person in my body?"
Little Ke looked at Ye Xuan, "It seems that you know quite a bit!"
Ye Xuan nodded, "I know a little about Dao Yi, but not much!"
Little Ke laughed, "You are right!
As for those things in the past, I don't know much, and I can't investigate, and I don't dare to investigate!
Matters that involve the laws of the universe are very difficult to investigate!
What I want to tell you is to always be careful, because the laws of the universe are very strong.
And the Cosmos God Court is not as simple as you think! "
As she said, she looked at Ye Xuan, "Don't think that with those three swords, you will definitely win!
Because in order to kill you, the laws of the universe will definitely do anything.
Especially that number one law, she has yet to show herself, and the scariest thing is that she does not show herself, because no one knows what she will do. "
Ye Xuan nodded, "I know!"
He couldn't even defeat the Cosmos God Court, how could he dare to look down on the laws of the universe?
He didn't forget what Little Er had said, that the laws of the universe were hundreds of times stronger than hers. Perhaps it was an exaggeration, but he could tell that the laws of the universe were definitely extremely terrifying!
Including now, he wouldn't even be able to withstand a random Calamity, let alone the main body.
Little Ke passed the carved wooden man in his hand to Ye Xuan, "This is for you!"
Ye Xuan looked at the wooden man, and it was exactly like him.
He didn't refuse, and he put away the wooden man, and then he said, "Take care!"
Little Ke laughed, "Take care!"
As soon as she finished speaking, she was about to leave, but at this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Will we meet again?"
Little Ke laughed, "Yes!
And very soon! "
As soon as she finished speaking, she vanished.
After she vanished, some sort of energy seemed to vanish in the surroundings!
Ye Xuan knew that it was the restriction that Little Ke had set up earlier, because he couldn't sense the outside world at all!
On the spot, Ye Xuan was silent for a long time, and he was about to leave. Right at this moment, the sky was suddenly torn apart, and in the next moment, a strand of sword qi appeared in front of him!
Ye Xuan was stunned when he saw that strand of sword qi. It's that green clothed man's sword qi!
Obviously, after Little Ke removed the restriction, the sword qi had sensed his existence!
As Ye Xuan gazed at the strand of sword qi before him, a thought suddenly arose in his mind.
Even though my cultivation has been sealed, my body hasn't!
In other words, I'm still a sword!
Since I'm a sword, I'm definitely able to absorb sword qi!
If I absorb this strand of sword qi, will I be able to directly break through the seal?
That's the green clothed man's sword qi!
When he thought up to here, Ye Xuan instantly became excited, and he didn't care too much about it. He directly grabbed the strand of sword qi and stabbed it towards his chest.
Bang!
Ye Xuan's eyes opened wide, and his body started to crack inch by inch. Moreover, the vitality within his body was vanishing at an extremely fast speed ….
Ye Xuan fell straight down, and only a single thought remained in his mind. "It's over!
I fucked myself to death! "
....








Chapter 1594
Ye Xuan couldn't help but laugh bitterly when he sensed the vitality within his body flowing away swiftly.
I've gone too far!
I've overestimated my Sword Physique!
Of course, it's also because my Sword Physique has practically never failed!
Actually, I was being impulsive just now!
What level of expert is my father at?
If I can even absorb my father's sword energy, then my Sword Physique is truly invincible!
I'm done for!
Suddenly, the sword energy within Ye Xuan's body started trembling, and it didn't take long for the blood within him to start boiling!
The Undying Bloodline!
Ye Xuan suddenly sat up!
The seal has been broken?
Meanwhile, a Xiao Ta suddenly floated out from within him, and then Xiao Ta's excited voice resounded. "F * ck!
F * ck!
F * ck!
I'm finally out!
AHHHHHHH! "
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Xiao Ta was clearly very excited, and he jumped about.
Meanwhile, Ye Xuan hurriedly said, "Xiao Ta, quickly give me some violet energy!"
Because he noticed that relying solely on the Undying Bloodline wasn't enough to recover at all!
Xiao Ta hurriedly stopped. He floated over to Ye Xuan, and then countless strands of violet energy surged out from within him.
Ye Xuan instantly felt much better after he absorbed the violet energy!
Meanwhile, Xiao Ta suddenly said, "Young Master, did you commit suicide to let me out?"
Ye Xuan hurriedly nodded. "Yes!"
Xiao Ta was slightly moved, "Young Master, you're really loyal!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
Moments later, his body returned to normal. When his body returned to normal, his cultivation was once again sealed!
Ye Xuan was speechless when he witnessed this scene!
He's basically refusing to allow me to utilize Swordsman's abilities no matter what!
I can only use my body?
As if he'd thought of something, Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Xiao Ta, quickly give me Miss Erya's blood!"
He decided to improve his physical body!
A long time ago, his physical body was his strongest trump card. But now, his physical body couldn't keep up with his realm and Sword Dao cultivation!
He had to improve it!
A white jade bottle suddenly floated out from Xiao Ta's body. Ye Xuan took the white jade bottle and opened it. Just as he was about to drink it, he seemed to have thought of something and stopped.
His body was now at the God Realm. Wouldn't it be a waste for his God Realm body to drink this blood?
Ye Xuan thought about it and put the bottle away.
Erya's blood was definitely the most powerful beast's blood. He should at least wait until he reached the Eternal Realm before taking it. It was too wasteful to take it now!
Ye Xuan looked at Xiao Ta, "Xiao Ta, can you ask Xiaoniu or Qiong Qi to give me some beast blood?"
Xiao Ta thought about it and said, "Sure!"
A moment later, two white jade bottles appeared in front of Ye Xuan.
Xiao Ta said, "This is Xiaoniu and Qiong Qi's!"
Ye Xuan nodded. He opened the white jade bottle and drank it.
Boom!
As the beast blood entered his body, Ye Xuan's body suddenly trembled!
This time, Ye Xuan didn't use the Taoist Body Cultivation Method. Instead, he used the Ancient Warrior Body Cultivation Method because he found that this cultivation method was more powerful!
After he operated the Ancient Warrior Body Cultivation Method, a golden airflow suddenly appeared around him. The golden airflow entered his body and then spread out from his body, constantly circulating.
About two hours later, Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Xiao Ta, I want more blood!
I want more! "
A moment later, two white jade bottles appeared in front of Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan directly opened the white jade bottle and drank it.
Gradually, the golden airflow around Ye Xuan increased!
Another two hours passed!
Ye Xuan suddenly said anxiously, "Xiao Ta, I want more blood!"
A moment later, a large basin suddenly appeared in front of Ye Xuan. The basin was full of blood!
Ye Xuan, "…"
Xiao Ta said, "Brother Qiong Qi said you should drink enough!"
Ye Xuan did not hesitate. He directly picked up the basin and started drinking.
As the beast blood entered his body, the golden airflow around Ye Xuan increased. Moreover, it was still transforming. The color was changing. There was a trace of red in the golden!
And Ye Xuan's aura was also getting stronger!
About two hours later, Ye Xuan suddenly stood up. As soon as he stood up, the golden airflow around him suddenly rushed back into his body.
Boom!
A powerful aura swept out from his body. In an instant, the space within tens of thousands of miles rippled like water!
Physical strength!
Eternal Realm!
After drinking countless beast blood, his physical body broke through again and reached the Eternal Realm!
It was not easy!
Because breaking through to the Eternal Realm this time was more than several times more difficult than breaking through to the God Realm.
The further he went, the harder it was to improve his physical body!
Very, very difficult!
Now, if he wanted to break through to the Divine Wei Realm, Xiaoniu's blood was completely useless!
Qiong Qi's blood was still useful, but it was not very useful!
As if thinking of something, Ye Xuan took out Erya's blood. He still did not want to use it.
Because he knew that if he used it after he reached the Divine Wei Realm, Erya's blood was very likely to let him directly reach the Heavenly Wei Realm!
It was still a bit wasteful to use it now!
As if thinking of something, Ye Xuan asked, "Xiao Ta, do you still have Erya's blood?"
Xiao Ta said, "No!"
No!
Ye Xuan sighed in a low voice. Unfortunately, the Erya he saw before was not in her original body. If it was her original body, he could ask for some blood!
After a while, Ye Xuan put away the bottle of blood. He still decided not to use Erya's blood. He wanted to use Erya's blood after he reached the Eternal Realm!
At this moment, the space in front of him suddenly split open. The next moment, 12 experts in black robes appeared in front of him!
12 Devil Envoys!
The 12 of them did not waste any time and directly rushed towards Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan did not hesitate and directly rushed out.
His physical body had just broken through, and he wanted to have a good fight!
As long as it was not a mortal realm expert, he was not afraid at all!
If he encountered a mortal realm expert, he could still fight one, but if it was someone like Mu Xiaodao, then it would be a pain in the ass!
Fortunately, the 12 people in front of him were not in the mortal realm, but only the peak of the Heavenly Wei Realm.
Ye Xuan did not care who they were. In any case, they did not come with good intentions, so he just had to fight!
Very soon, a series of explosions resounded in the field.
...
In an unknown mountain range, a woman was walking slowly.
This woman was Tu!
After walking for an unknown period of time, Tu suddenly stopped.
There was a small cave in front of her!
As she gazed at the cave in front of her, tears suddenly flowed down from her eyes.
This was the place where Big Brother had died!
Even though Tianming had been divided into four at the beginning, and all four of them had independent thoughts, their feelings for Big Brother were still there!
Amongst them, Tianming's obsession was the deepest, and it was to the point that she didn't hesitate to annihilate all living beings in order to break through herself and save Big Brother by force!
This was the reason why she hadn't stopped Tianming at that time!
Because in her heart, she hoped that Tianming would succeed as well!
The four of them did not owe anything to the living beings in the world!
Tu stood before the cave for three days and three nights, and the happy times of her childhood flashed through her mind.
At dawn on the fourth day, a ray of sunlight descended onto the ground.
Tu suddenly chuckled and said, "From today onward, I won't practice the fist technique anymore!
I won't drink wine as well! "
As soon as she finished speaking, she turned around and left.
A sword seal with every step, a Sword Dao with every seal!
At this moment, Tu who was once one of Tianming's disciples had finally let go of the obsession in her heart!
Because that little boy had grown up!
He was alive!
In the past, when Big Brother wasn't here, everything was meaningless to her.
Including the Sword Dao!
Therefore, she hadn't practiced the sword for hundreds of thousands of years!
What was the point of practicing the sword?
Meaningless!
Because no matter how strong the sword was, there was no one to protect!
Therefore, even when she attacked, she only used her fists!
But now, it was different!
Big Brother was still alive!
Everything was different now!
Including the Sword Dao!
In the distance, Tu's aura was getting stronger and stronger. At this moment, her aura had already surpassed ordinary swords!
However, the Sword Dao aura was still getting stronger!
When the existence of the sword had meaning, everything would be different!
Outside the mountain range, Tu raised her head and looked into the depths of the starry sky. Her eyes were cold, "Cosmos God Court, I'm coming!"
As soon as she finished speaking, a ray of sword light shot into the sky and headed towards the depths of the starry sky.
...
In the Fifth Dimension.
In the starry sky, a woman looked down with a calm expression. She didn't seem to be thinking about anything.
This person was Mu Niannian!
As a Fifth Dimension Tendo, when she returned to the Fifth Dimension, she felt extremely close!
Extremely, extremely close!
This was because she had grown up here, so she was incomparably familiar with everything here!
And at this moment, the Fifth Dimension no longer had any Fifth Dimensional Tribulations!
In the current Fifth Dimension, everything was in order. No experts dared to destroy the Heaven and Earth Spiritual Qi. In this place, destroying the Heaven and Earth Spiritual Qi was a serious crime!
The Fifth Dimension was getting better and better!
And this place no longer needed her to protect!
Because here, everything was fine!
Nian Nian looked at the Five-Dimensional Universe for an entire day and night.
On the second day, Nian Nian suddenly stood up and smiled, "I have to live for myself now!"
After saying this, she turned and left.
The moment she took her first step, she broke through ordinary swords and reached above ordinary swords!
Buzz!
A sword cry suddenly resounded from the depths of the starry sky. In an instant, the entire Fifth Dimension was filled with countless sword cries.
This was a response, and also a sign of submission!
And after Nian Nian reached above ordinary swords, her Sword Dao aura was still rising crazily!
At the same time, in the Fifth Dimension, a mysterious force suddenly shot into the sky and went straight into the depths of the starry sky. Then, it surged towards Nian Nian!
A gift from the Fifth Dimension!
In the starry sky, Nian Nian slowly walked towards the depths of the starry sky. The smile on her face was very relaxed, unprecedentedly relaxed.
She had protected the Fifth Dimension for countless years. She had lived for the Fifth Dimension all her life, and she had even almost sacrificed her life for the Fifth Dimension!
But she did not regret it!
And now, she had let go of the Fifth Dimension!
She wanted to live for herself!
Let go of her obsession!
At this moment, Mu Niannian suddenly stopped. She raised her head and looked into the depths of the starry sky. The corners of her mouth curled up. "The fourth sword in the human world?
No!
I want to be the fourth strongest in the human world!
Cosmos God Court, here I come! "
After saying this, she suddenly disappeared. And at the end of the distant starry sky, the space suddenly exploded, and a ray of sword light entered …
.....
PS: Asking for votes!
One vote per person, I will be the fifth!








Chapter 1595
After the thought disappeared, the Fifth Dimension regained its calm.
At this moment, a woman appeared.
Empress Zhuang Weiran!
Zhuang Weiran looked at the distant starry sky with a trace of worry in her eyes.
Undying Emperor Clan.
Within the Undying Palace, Dongli Jing sat quietly. Not far from her were Dongli Zhan and Nanxing.
Dongli Jing looked at the secret scroll in her hand. After a while, she put it down, "Are you sure?"
Nanxing nodded, "Yes!"
Dongli Jing closed her eyes slowly.
The secret scroll contained some information about the Cosmos God Court. There were many experts above the mortal realm in the Cosmos God Court!
After a while, Dongli Jing said softly, "The gap between us and the Cosmos God Court is not small!"
Nanxing nodded, "Indeed!
Fortunately, the Cosmos God Court has opponents too. One of them is the Nether Hall and Heaven's Sanctum. I have already sent people to contact them! "
Dongli Jing shook her head, "The alliance is needed, but we also need to increase our strength. Our own strength is the way to go!"
As she spoke, she looked at Dongli Zhan, "The ancestral hall is open to the public. Any clansman who is confident in themselves can enter to cultivate!"
Dongli Zhan nodded, "Sure!"
Dongli Jing added, "Focus on the youngsters with the Undying Bloodline!"
Dongli Zhan smiled, "There is one thing, those youngsters are interested in the position of young master."
Dongli Jing said, "I know, they want to fight for the position. Tell them that the family won't stop them from fighting for it. When the young lord returns, they can all challenge him. As long as they defeat the young lord, they will be the next young lord!"
Dongli Zhan smiled, "You are very confident in him!"
Higashi Yasushi nodded. "I've noticed a problem. This kid's opponents are all abnormal. His opponents are several levels higher than him. If you put him in the same level, you'll realize that there aren't many who are more outstanding than him!
He is always fighting several levels higher than him! "
Nanxing nodded, "With the young master's current strength, no one in the younger generation of the Undying Emperor Clan is his match!
Of course, I don't know if he will improve in the Demon Region! "
Dongli Jing asked, "Can you contact him?"
Nan Xing shook his head. "We haven't built a Star Field Teleportation Array, so we can't go to the Demon Area. Thus, we can't contact him."
Higashi Yasushi asked, "What about the Cosmos God Court?"
Nan Xing said solemnly, "The Cosmos God Court should have gone to find him!
Those Master Yan of the Cosmos God Court had built a Star Domain Teleportation Array before. They can head to the Devil Region anytime they want! "
Higashi Yasushi furrowed his brows. "If that's the case, then he's not in a particularly good situation right now!"
Nan Xing nodded.
Higashi Yasushi remained silent.
Nan Xing said, "We can't help him for now!
What we can do now is to increase the strength of our people as soon as possible! "
Higashi Yasushi said softly, "It's not enough to just open the ancestral shrine. We need top-notch experts!"
She fell silent for a moment before she said, "Hand over the ancestral blood!"
Ancestral blood!
Hearing this, the expressions of the two people in the hall changed!
This ancestral blood was the blood left behind by the Undying Imperial Clan's ancestor. It was able to greatly increase the bloodline of the Undying Imperial Clan. Throughout history, only the Undying Imperial Clan's Clan Chief had the qualifications to use it!
Even the Undying Imperial Clan's Clan Chief could only obtain a single drop every hundred years!
Dongli Zhan hesitated for a moment before he said, "I support you!
However, those two old fogeys guarding the ancestral blood …. "
A cold glow flashed through Higashi Yasushi's eyes. "It's related to the survival of the clan, so how can it be restricted by the clan's rules?
I'll go talk to those two old fogeys! "
As soon as she finished speaking, she stood up and left.
Dongli Zhan spoke abruptly, "What if they refuse?"
Higashi Yasushi didn't even turn around. "If they dare to refuse, then I dare to kill them!
A 'Zhan, call for reinforcements. If they dare to refuse, then I'll kill them today!
(This chapter isn't finished, please continue to the next page.)
Those two old fogeys will send them off to their deaths! "
Nan Xing broke out in cold sweat.
The Patriarch of the clan was slightly mad!
Those two old fogeys were the strongest experts in the clan, and they possessed such high statuses that even Higashi Yasushi had to address them respectfully as great grandfathers!
Dongli Zhan suddenly started laughing!
Nan Xing gazed at Dongli Zhan, and Dongli Zhan gazed off into the distance while a trace of complicated emotions flashed through his eyes. "I accept her as the Patriarch!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he stood up and left!
Nan Xing remained silent within the hall.
Actually, Dongli Zhan had almost become the Patriarch all those years ago, but in the end, it was still Higashi Yasushi. The reason was very simple, because Yasushi Yasushi had obtained the support of the successive Patriarchs of the Undying Imperial Clan!
The successive Patriarchs of the Undying Imperial Clan really weren't pushovers, and they were all overlords of their own territories, including the previous generation.
However, the previous Patriarch had offended someone he shouldn't have.
In an unknown mountain range, two women were walking slowly.
These two people were Miss Ding and An Lanxiu!
They already knew about the matters of the Undying Imperial Clan, so they weren't looking for the azure-clothed man, but for someone else!
Right at this moment, Miss Ding suddenly stopped, and she gazed into the distance. "We're here!"
An Lanxiu raised her head and looked over. There was a small village not too far away. The village was built against a mountain, and there was a dense bamboo forest on both sides. Next to the bamboo forest was a clear river.
The two women continued forward. When they approached the village, a middle-aged man appeared before them.
The middle-aged man gazed coldly at the two women and didn't speak.
At this moment, a voice sounded out from within the village. "Let them in!"
Hearing this, the middle-aged man turned around and bowed respectfully before retreating to the side.
The two women continued forward. After entering the village, An Lanxiu glanced at the surroundings. There were some villagers here, and their auras were extremely strong!
Right at this moment, Miss Ding stopped. Not too far away from them sat a woman, and there was a large blade by the woman's side!
Miss Ding bowed slightly, "Ancestor!"
Ancestor!
An Lanxiu was stunned.
The woman looked at Miss Ding and smiled, "You're calling me ancestor?"
Miss Ding nodded, "I'm his woman, so I naturally should call you ancestor!"
The woman laughed, "Indeed!
Is there something you need from me? "
The woman nodded, "He has a son!"
The woman frowned, "From the Yang Clan?"
The woman nodded, "An authentic Mad Demon Blood Demon!"
The woman looked at Miss Ding, "State your purpose!"
Miss Ding said, "He's being targeted by the Cosmos God Court, and his situation isn't good!"
The woman shook her head, "With his father around, the Cosmos God Court can't do anything to him!"
Miss Ding said, "Universe laws!"
Hearing this, the woman frowned, "Universe laws?
How did he offend the universe laws? "
Miss Ding said, "He has a calamity body!"
As she spoke, she told the woman about the matter between Ye Xuan and the Cosmos God Court.
Moments later, the woman squinted her eyes, and a cold light flickered in her eyes, "He's also Tian Ming's brother?"
Miss Ding nodded.
The woman smiled, "You should know the grudge between me and Tian Ming!"
Miss Ding nodded again.
The woman looked at Miss Ding, "Then why are you telling me this!"
Miss Ding looked straight at the woman, "He's the son of the Yang Clan, and your blood is the same.
As for Tian Ming, this is a matter between our clan, and has nothing to do with Tian Ming. What do you think? "
The woman looked at Miss Ding for a long time before smiling, "You really know how to talk!"
Miss Ding bowed slightly, "Ancestor, the Yang Clan has already split. Whether we can unite or not will depend on this!
Even though it's not easy to talk to his father, that little fellow is easy to talk to. If he's willing to acknowledge his ancestors, does it matter if his father doesn't? "
As she spoke, she turned and left with An Lanxiu.
On the spot.
(This chapter has yet to end, please flip the page)
The woman remained silent.
The Yang Clan split!
Actually, the green-robed man did not acknowledge his ancestors. He only acknowledged Yang Wudi, but did not acknowledge the Yang Clan. Because of this, even though the green-robed man defied the heavens and changed his bloodline, the Yang Clan did not receive any benefits!
Because he did not acknowledge it!
Because of this, the Yang Clan's bloodline did not advance. Because the green-robed man never acknowledged himself as a Yang Clan member, he only acknowledged that he was Yang Wudi's son.
It could be said that the Yang Clan now had two branches. One was her branch, and the other was the green-robed man's branch!
Acknowledge his ancestors and return to the clan!
The woman slowly closed her eyes.
Actually, she did not really want to return to the Yang Clan back then. Because she had been imprisoned by Tian Ming for so many years, the Yang Clan was already very unfamiliar to her.
But there was no way. Apart from the green-robed man, the rest of the Yang Clan's descendants were really too miserable!
They were almost exterminated!
And the green-robed man did not acknowledge himself as a Yang Clan member. She had no choice but to care!
Because if she did not care, the Yang Clan would really be gone!
Actually, she also hoped that the green-robed man could acknowledge his ancestors and return to the clan. But she knew that this was very difficult!
That man's temper was not ordinary!
Want him to acknowledge his ancestors and return to the clan?
Unless Yang Wudi was resurrected.
Otherwise, there was no chance!
At this time, a middle-aged man walked to the woman's side and bowed slightly, "Ancestor."
The woman said, "Speak!"
The middle-aged man said, "That lady is right. It is not easy to talk to a father. We can start with the son!
If that little fellow is willing to acknowledge his ancestors and return to the clan, I am willing to immediately give up the position of Patriarch! "
The woman was silent for a long time. Then she smiled and said, "Fine!
Then we will start with the son! "
As she spoke, she picked up the large saber beside her, "I will go meet this Cosmos God Court!"
After saying that, she directly disappeared into the horizon.
On the other side, in the starry sky, Miss Ding and An Lanxiu were flying.
An Lanxiu asked, "Aunt Ding, where are we going now?"
Miss Ding looked into the distance and said softly, "We are looking for a heavyweight!"
An Lanxiu was a little curious, "Who?"
Miss Ding's lips curled up, "A fellow that even his father is afraid of!
His father is only afraid of two people in his life. One is Sister Qingshi, and the other … "
As she said this, she did not speak further.
Devil Domain.
Ye Xuan was still fighting with the 12 Devil Envoys!
The battle was growing more and more intense!
Meanwhile, Ye Xuan suddenly blasted a Devil Envoy flying with a punch, and that Devil Envoy was sent flying 3km away!
The other devils looked at Ye Xuan with slight fear!
At this moment, they noticed that this human's physical body was extraordinarily abnormal!
Moreover, he grew stronger as he fought!
After he blasted that Devil Envoy flying with a punch, Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes. At this moment, he felt that his body was filled with strength!
Boundless and boundless strength!
Ye Xuan suddenly roared with laughter. He raised his head and looked towards the depths of the starry sky, and his eyes were filled with battle intent, "The invincible me has returned!"
His voice rumbled like thunder, and it shook the sky!
Right at this moment, an enormous blood colored cloud suddenly appeared in the starry sky, and then a blood colored bolt of lightning shot down from the sky.
Below, a wisp of ferocity flashed through Ye Xuan's eyes, "Do you think I will fucking run?
No!
Misfortune Laws! Today, I will fucking tell you who the real daddy is! "
As he spoke, he suddenly stomped his right foot on the ground and shot into the sky, and then he blasted his fist towards the blood colored bolt of lightning.
Bang!
The sky suddenly trembled violently. In the next moment, a figure crashed down from the sky and smashed heavily into the ground.
It was Ye Xuan!
After a moment of silence, Ye Xuan who was covered in blood crawled up from the deep hole in the ground, and then he ran without looking back. Moreover, he ran butt naked.
(End of this chapter.)








Chapter 1596
Ye Xuan ran very quickly. After all, his physical body was much stronger than before!
At this moment, Ye Xuan's expression was somewhat ugly!
This time, his acting had failed!
He still couldn't beat this calamity!
Just now, his physical body had directly split open!
It was too terrifying!
According to his estimations, not to mention his current physical body, even a Divine Valiant Realm physical body wouldn't be able to withstand this lightning.
At this moment, a bolt of divine lightning suddenly struck down from above his head.
Ye Xuan's expression changed and he hurriedly leaped away.
Bang!
Just as he left, a blood lightning landed and the ground turned into a huge abyss, so deep that one couldn't see the bottom!
Ye Xuan jumped in fright and immediately sped up, disappearing into the distance in the blink of an eye.
However, that calamity didn't disappear and was still following him!
Moreover, the number of blood red threads around his body was increasing!
The 12 Demonists didn't dare to chase anymore. That blood lightning had almost killed them!
Ye Xuan could withstand it because his physical body was strong. They didn't have such strong physical bodies!
The 12 Demonists were silent for a moment before turning to leave!
They realized that the 12 of them couldn't do anything to this human!
He was like a turtle, too damn good at taking beatings!
Ye Xuan ran all the way. His target was the Order Hall of the Cosmos God Court!
Because there might be a Star Field Transfer Array leading to the Nine Dimensions!
However, he didn't know where the Order Hall of the Cosmos God Court was!
He had to ask!
Ye Xuan directly arrived at Demonic City!
Just as he arrived, the entire Demonic City was shocked!
Because that calamity had also followed him!
After Ye Xuan entered Demonic City, Vast Ming immediately brought a group of people to block Ye Xuan. Vast Ming stared at Ye Xuan, "What are you doing here!"
Actually, he was no longer chasing after Ye Xuan!
Because that mysterious force from back then had made him afraid!
Ye Xuan blinked and didn't speak.
At this moment, a blood lightning suddenly descended from the sky.
Seeing this, Vast Ming and the rest's expressions changed. He said angrily, "Block it!"
However, no one blocked it. Everyone retreated rapidly!
Vast Underworld also hurriedly retreated, but Ye Xuan's speed was even faster, and he had already run thousands of feet away!
The blood lightning descended!
Boom!
The entire Demonic City shook violently. Dust and smoke rose into the sky from below. Some of the Demonic City's experts who were slow to react were directly turned into ashes. There were even some Divine Valiant Realm experts among them.
Forget about Divine Defense Realm powerhouses, even Heaven Defense Realm powerhouses were trash in front of this Xue Lei!
The expressions of all the experts in the surroundings had changed!
This blood lightning was too terrifying!
That Firmament Ming also felt a lingering fear. If he had been a little slower just now, he would have been dead!
Because he absolutely couldn't withstand the blood lightning!
Seeming to have thought of something, Ming Cang suddenly looked at Ye Xuan and said angrily, "You were the one who brought him here!"
Ye Xuan glanced at the blood red clouds in the sky, and then he said, "I want 10 billion top-grade Devil Crystals, 1,000 divine artifacts at the Heaven's Might Realm, and 10,000 divine artifacts at the Divine Might Realm!
Hmm, I want all kinds of top-grade healing pills and spirit treasures.
All of you quickly go prepare them! "
All the demons here were infuriated when they heard this!
Ming Cang stared fixedly at Ye Xuan, "Are you trying to rob us?"
Ye Xuan gazed at Ming Cang and said seriously, "Am I that sort of person?
I'm borrowing!
I'll return it in the future! "
Ming Cang stared at Ye Xuan while his eyes didn't conceal his killing intent at all.
Right at this moment, Ye Xuan's expression suddenly changed. In the next moment, he charged towards Ming Cang and the others. Ming Cang and the others were just about to attack when a bolt of blood red lightning suddenly descended from the sky!
The expressions of everyone here changed drastically when they witnessed this scene!
All of them immediately turned around and fled!
Bang!
A bolt of divine lightning descended, and some of the experts from the Demonic Race who were slow to react were instantly obliterated!
The divine lightning struck the ground, causing the entire ground to explode apart while countless strands of dust and dirt swept into the sky.
A few more bolts of divine lightning would practically obliterate the entire city!
After Ye Xuan avoided the bolt of divine lightning, he gazed at Ming Cang and hurriedly said, "Quickly go prepare them!
Otherwise, I won't leave today! "
I won't leave!
The expressions of the other Demonic Race experts were unsightly to the extreme when they heard this. Especially Ming Cang. Dammit! This human is here to rob us!
Meanwhile, an old Demonic Race expert suddenly spoke fiercely, "Human! Do you really intend to take us down with you?
(This chapter isn't finished. Please continue to the next page.)
Is that so? "
Ye Xuan gazed at the old Demonic Race expert and smiled, "I think it's worth it to trade one for all of them!"
The old Demonic Race expert was speechless.
Ming Cang suddenly spoke fiercely, "Human! My Devil Dimension won't compromise with you!
Kill! "
As soon as he finished speaking, Ye Xuan charged towards them once more. At the same time, a bolt of blood red lightning suddenly descended from the sky, and then the entire sky became illusory.
Ye Xuan's eyelids twitched when he witnessed this scene. Because the might of the blood red lightning had become stronger!
It was at least two times stronger than before!
Ye Xuan turned around and fled thousands of feet away in a flash!
The blood red lightning descended.
Bang!
Over a dozen Godrank Realm experts from the Devil Dimension were obliterated, and the entire city started seething when the blood red lightning descended into the city before it collapsed inch by inch.
Ming Cang who'd just escaped calamity turned extremely pale when he witnessed this scene, and his mind was buzzing.
Right at this moment, the blood red clouds in the sky suddenly started to rumble with lightning. At the same time, a strand of extremely terrifying pressure swept down.
When they sensed the pressure, the fear in the eyes of the experts from the Devil Dimension transformed into terror!
The might of the blood red lightning within the blood red clouds had grown even stronger!
How could anyone resist it?
Ye Xuan gazed at the blood red clouds in the sky. Actually, he was slightly panicked at this moment!
He noticed that the blood red lightning was growing more and more terrifying!
Fortunately, it wasn't especially swift, otherwise, he would have been transformed into ash by now!
Ming Cang turned around to look at Ye Xuan with scarlet red eyes, "Are you leaving or not!?"
Ye Xuan shook his head, "I'm not leaving!"
Ming Cang spoke fiercely, "Do you really intend to take me down with you?"
Ye Xuan said angrily, "Motherfucker! Give me a little more!
I'll lose face if you don't give me a little! "
Ming Cang said furiously, "1 billion Devil Crystals!"
Ye Xuan glared angrily at Ming Cang, "1 billion?
Do you think I'm a beggar? "
Ming Cang stared fixedly at Ye Xuan, "2 billion!"
Ye Xuan shook his head, "5 billion Devil Crystals!
1,000 Heaven Rank Divine Treasures and 10,000 Divine Rank Divine Treasures. Not a single one less! "
Ming Cang slowly clenched his fists while the killing intent in his eyes seemed material.
Ye Xuan raised his head to look at the sky, "Once this bolt of lightning descends, Devil City will vanish from this world!"
Ming Cang slowly closed his eyes.
Being robbed like this was simply an extraordinary humiliation to the Devil Dimension!
It was a humiliation of the Devil Dimension!
This human is too fucking much of a bully!
When he thought up to here, Ming Cang decided to fight to the death!
Right at this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly said, "I'm borrowing!
Borrowing!
I can write an IOU! "
As he spoke, he hurriedly tore off a corner of his clothes and wrote an IOU!
After he finished writing the IOU, he tapped it lightly, and it flew over to Ming Cang.
As he gazed at the IOU, the killing intent in Ming Cang's eyes lessened greatly. If I'm borrowing, then it doesn't seem to be too embarrassing!
There's a difference between borrowing and seizing!
Ming Cang was slightly hesitant!
Perish together?
It isn't worth it!
It would be such a loss if a group of devils were to perish together with a human!
Moreover, there was an extraordinary spirit vein here. If this spirit vein was destroyed, then the Devil Dimension would fall into decline in the future!
When he thought up to here, the killing intent in Ming Cang's eyes lessened!
Right at this moment, an enormous vortex suddenly appeared in the sky, and a terrifying bolt of blood red lightning was condensing within the vortex!
Ye Xuan and Ming Cang's expressions became unsightly when they witnessed this scene!
Ming Cang stopped thinking and hurriedly tapped with his finger, causing over 10 spatial rings to fly over to Ye Xuan. "Human, I'm lending these to you. Understand?"
Ye Xuan didn't even spare them a glance before he put them away, and then he said, "How do I get to the Enforcement Hall of the Cosmos Divine Court?"
Ming Cang tapped with his finger, and a teleportation stone descended in front of Ye Xuan. "Quickly fuck off! Leave now!"
Ye Xuan took the teleportation stone and crushed it.
Bang!
Ye Xuan vanished on the spot.
Moreover, the blood red clouds in the sky vanished along with him.
Ming Cang and the others instantly heaved sighs of relief when they saw this scene. If that bolt of blood red lightning had descended, then the Devil Dimension would really be gone!
Ming Cang's face sank as he gazed at the IOU!
Borrow?
Would that fellow return it?
Ye Xuan had just appeared in the sky when an invisible pressure suddenly enveloped him.
(This chapter isn't finished, please continue to the next page.)
Subsequently, a bolt of blood red divine lightning descended from the sky.
Ye Xuan hurriedly said, "Xiao Ta, can you help me take it?"
Xiao Ta hurriedly said, "Young Master, my body is weak. I can't take it!"
Ye Xuan: "…"
At this moment, Xiao Ta suddenly said, "Little Cow, help me take it!"
As he spoke, Little Cow was directly thrown out of the pagoda by Xiao Ta!
Little Cow was slightly stunned!
Xiao Ta hurriedly said, "Good brother, I'll put in a good word for you the next time I see Little White. I'll ask her to help you improve!"
Little Cow looked at Xiao Ta, and his eyes lit up. "Really?"
Xiao Ta nodded. "Really!"
Little Cow was instantly filled with energy. He stomped his right foot on the ground and shot into the sky!
He went head-on against that bolt of blood red lightning!
Bang!
In the sky, that bolt of blood red lightning shook violently, and then Little Cow smashed into the ground.
Bang!
The ground below directly exploded open, turning into a huge deep pit!
In the deep crater, Little Cow wailed. "Xiao Ta, you tricked me!"
Xiao Ta: "…"
Ye Xuan glanced at Little Cow. At this moment, Little Cow was in a bad state. Its scales were cracked, and its body was covered in blood!
It could not take it either!
In the deep crater, Little Cow kept wailing. "I'm not playing anymore!"
Ye Xuan hurriedly asked Xiao Ta to keep Little Cow in the pagoda. At this moment, that bolt of blood red lightning was already above his head. He took a deep breath and shot into the sky.
Bang!
As soon as he flew up, he fell!
Ye Xuan directly smashed into the deep crater where Little Cow had been. The ground within tens of thousands of miles collapsed, and countless mountains turned into dust!
In the huge crater, Ye Xuan was lying on his stomach, motionless.
He felt that all the bones in his body were broken!
He could not take it!
That bolt of divine lightning still fell straight down. Just as he was about to enter the deep crater, Xiao Ta suddenly appeared above his head.
Bang!
That bolt of blood red lightning directly hit Xiao Ta's body. However, Xiao Ta forcefully withstood that bolt of blood red lightning!
Xiao Ta wailed. "Young master, quickly run!
I can't hold it for long! "
In the deep crater, Ye Xuan turned around and looked at the sky. His gaze suddenly became somewhat blank!
Why did his father seal his cultivation?
What was it for?
Training?
That must be part of the reason. However, there must be a more important reason!
Otherwise, when he reached the Ordinary Sword Realm, the seal should have been removed!
What was the reason?
As if he thought of something, Ye Xuan sat up.
Seal!
He realized a problem. Why didn't he take the initiative to break this seal?
In the beginning, he tried, but he failed!
However, after he failed, he gave up!
Moreover, he thought that it was absolutely impossible to break the seal. Why?
Because the person who set up this seal was the man in green, the invincible man!
At this moment, he realized that other than relying on the three swords, there was another problem. He thought that the three swords were undefeatable.
He had trapped himself in a circle!
Everyone thought that the three swords were undefeatable, including Ye Xuan!
Therefore, even though the man in green had only left behind a strand of sword energy, he still thought that it was undefeatable and unbreakable!
At this moment, Ye Xuan finally understood.
It wasn't the man in green's sword energy that sealed him. It was he who sealed himself!
At this point, Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes. He opened his palm and a sword suddenly appeared!
The Mind's Sword!
This time, the sword didn't disappear.
At this moment, the strand of sword energy inside Ye Xuan's body suddenly floated out of his body. The sword energy trembled slightly and slowly, the sword energy transformed into a man!
The man in green!
The man in green looked at Ye Xuan with a trace of relief on his face.
As if he thought of something, the man in green raised his head and looked at the blood-colored clouds. "Scram!"
The sky was silent for a moment. Then, the blood-colored clouds suddenly disappeared.
PS: Tickets, how many do you want?
One ticket is also love!
I realized that many readers read silently, vote silently, reward silently, and don't speak.
To be honest, you can make an appearance. Otherwise, I think no one has read my book. After reading it, just make an appearance!
(End of this chapter)








Chapter 1597
Along with the disappearance of the blood colored cloud, the entire sky returns to its original calmness.
Xiao Ta slowly descends!
The green gowned man opens his palm and Xiao Ta appears in his hand.
Xiao Ta weakly says, "Master!"
The green gowned man smiles, "Thank you for your hard work!"
With that, he sends Xiao Ta in front of Ye Xuan, "It has accompanied me through countless hardships. Now, let it accompany me!"
Ye Xuan keeps Xiao Ta and looks at the green gowned man, "Has the seal been removed?"
The green gowned man shakes his head and smiles, "To remove it, you must defeat me!"
Ye Xuan suddenly draws his sword and slashes.
This sword is the strongest sword he has ever used!
Because he is now above the common sword!
However, this terrifying sword is directly clamped by two fingers!
The green gowned man looks at Ye Xuan and smiles, "Sneak attack?
That's my style! "
With that, his two fingers lightly vibrate.
Boom!
Ye Xuan is directly shaken hundreds of feet away. The moment he stops, his body directly cracks. It should be said that his body did not recover at all!
But fortunately, his Undying Blood Meridian is no longer suppressed.
Under the recovery of the Undying Blood Meridian, his body begins to recover at a very terrifying speed!
After a while, his body has returned to normal!
The green gowned man looks at Ye Xuan and slightly nods his head and smiles, "This Undying Blood Meridian is really good. It is indeed worthy to be ranked third among the many blood meridians!"
Ye Xuan is a little surprised, "Third?
Isn't it second? "
The green gowned man shakes his head, "It is only third!"
Ye Xuan is a little confused, "Then what blood meridian is ranked first?"
The green gowned man smiles, "Naturally it is our family's Mad Demon Blood Meridian!"
Mad Demon Blood Meridian!
Ye Xuan blinks his eyes, "First?"
The green gowned man nods, "Anyway, until now, I have never seen a blood meridian more powerful than ours!"
Ye Xuan asked, "Then what's the second-ranked bloodline?"
The green-clothed man said softly, "It is a bloodline that is even more special than the Undying Bloodline. It is very strange. If there is a chance in the future, I will see it!"
As he spoke, he looked at Ye Xuan. "Continue!"
Ye Xuan nodded. He directly disappeared from where he was. In the distance, the green-robed man used his finger as a sword and pointed forward.
Boom!
A wave of sword light shattered, and Ye Xuan retreated ten thousand zhang away along with his sword!
Ye Xuan looked at the green-robed man. "I don't think I can beat him!"
The green-robed man shook his head. "You can't rely on your feelings. You have to try anything. If you don't try, you'll never know if you can do it!"
Ye Xuan nodded. "Alright!"
After saying that, he suddenly disappeared.
Sword of Life and Death!
At this moment, he was serious!
In the distance, the azure-robed man pointed a finger.
Boom!
Ye Xuan was sent flying again, but in the next moment, he rushed out again.
Each sword was stronger than the last!
Although he was repelled every time, Ye Xuan became more and more excited as he fought!
This was because he had just reached the Mortal Sword Realm and wanted to have a good fight!
He would treat it as practice!
...
In an unknown star field, in the deepest part of this star field, there was an island floating. On the island, there was a hall.
Cosmos Divine Court!
This was the headquarters of the Cosmos Divine Court!
And this star field was the Cosmos Divine Court star field!
In the Cosmos Divine Court's hall, there was only one person. It was the God Official.
The God Official sat at the side, seemingly waiting for someone.
After an unknown period of time, a woman walked into the hall!
Wu Ke!
After Wu Ke walked into the hall, he sat opposite the God Official.
Both of them …
There was no reply!
At this moment, an old man walked into the hall. After entering the hall, he glanced at the two people in the hall, then walked to the side and leaned against a pillar.
He did not choose to sit!
This was because the two seats closest to the front were occupied!
Whether he sat on the left or the right, he was inferior!
Other than the laws of the universe and the God Master, who was qualified to sit above him?
The Undying Old Man!
He was the person who had lived the longest in the Cosmos Divine Court. It was said that he had been bestowed a word by the laws of eternal life, so he had an extremely long lifespan!
It could be said that the history of the Cosmos Divine Court was not as long as his!
No one knew how strong he was, but one could imagine the strength of a person who could live for so long!
At this moment, two people walked in. It was a man and a woman. The man was wearing a black robe and held a sword, while the woman was wearing a black robe and held a blade.
After the two walked into the hall, they glanced at the God Official and Wu Ke. They did not sit, but walked to another pillar and stood.
Yin Yang Saint Envoy!
The two had reached the Mortal Realm hundreds of thousands of years ago, which was the Breaking Mortal Realm!
Now, they were even more unfathomable!
In the Cosmos Divine Court, one was number one in the Blade Dao, while the other was number one in the Sword Dao!
At this moment, another old man walked in. The old man was wearing a black robe, his entire body exuded an eerie aura, and his hands were as thin as bones.
Undead God Monarch!
He was in charge of the undead in a star field, and he had the most subordinates in the Cosmos Divine Court!
Actually, the Dead Souls Star Field was almost destroyed by the Cosmos Divine Court back then, because the undead under the Undead God Monarch were too many!
Anyone killed by the Undead God Monarch, no matter how strong, would become an undead and be restricted by him.
Therefore, the Dead Souls Star Field was very terrifying back then, and it even wanted to destroy the Cosmos Divine Court!
However, the laws of the universe appeared and conquered the Dead Souls Star Field.
No one knew which universal law appeared, but they knew that the Dead Souls Star Field was now under the control of the Cosmos Divine Court!
At this moment, everyone in the hall frowned at the same time, and they all looked towards a corner in the distance.
There was a little girl squatting there!
The little girl looked like she was only fifteen or sixteen years old, and her hair was a little long. Her hair covered half of her face, so only the left side of her face could be seen.
Her chin was resting on her knees, and in her hands was a little wooden doll that looked exactly like her!
When they saw the little girl, the expressions of all the experts in the hall changed subtly!
Even Wu Ke and the God Official had a hint of caution in their eyes!
This little girl was the most terrifying assassin in the history of the Cosmos Divine Court!
The God of Assassins!
She didn't have a name, or rather, no one knew what her name was!
And she was the second oldest person in the Cosmos Divine Court!
The little girl was very special. In the Cosmos Divine Court, even the God Masters wouldn't forcefully control her.
Other than her terrifying assassination ability, there was another reason, and that was that this little girl was adopted by the first God Master of the Cosmos Divine Court!
Adopted by the founder of the Cosmos Divine Court!
However, for some unknown reason, she always looked like a little girl, and her mind had always been that of a little girl.
No one knew, and no one dared to ask. Even the Undying Old Man, who had lived the longest, was extremely afraid of this little girl, and never provoked her!
This was because once she assassinated someone, it was simply too terrifying!
Unfortunately, the Cosmos Divine Court couldn't order her directly. Otherwise, with her terrifying assassination ability, the people on the Cosmos Divine Court's wanted list would have been long dead!
No one expected that this little girl would actually come!
At this moment, another person walked into the hall!
It was a lady in a white robe!
Master Yan!
The only Legendary Master Speech of the Cosmos Divine Court, Yan Xiaoxiao!
She was the one who built the transfer arrays between the various starfields, and she only had this ability.
Only she had this ability.
And she wasn't just a Legendary Master Speech, she was also a Legendary Array Master, Legendary Rune Master, Legendary Blacksmith, Legendary Pill Master …
She was omnipotent!
In the Cosmos Divine Court, she was the most popular!
After Yan Xiaoxiao entered the hall, everyone in the hall nodded towards her.
Facing everyone's greetings, Yan Xiaoxiao nodded slightly as a response. Then, she sat beside Wu Ke, picked up a thick ancient book, and started reading.
At this moment, two ladies walked into the hall!
The Guardians of the Universe, Ma Yi and Mu Xiaodao!
Seeing Mu Xiaodao, everyone in the hall instantly felt a headache.
In terms of strength, Mu Xiaodao wasn't as strong as some of the people in the hall. However, everyone in the hall, including the God Master of the Cosmos Divine Court, didn't dare to underestimate her!
This was because she was the Guardian of the Universe!
She was personally chosen by the laws of the universe!
Moreover, the Guardians of the Universe had an ultimate life-saving method, which was to borrow the power of the laws of the universe!
It could be said that if they went all out, they would be able to fight against anyone here!
Of course, no one was willing to fight against them. They were equivalent to the representatives of the laws of the universe. Wouldn't fighting against them be going against the laws of the universe?
Mu Xiaodao glanced at everyone in the hall and smiled, "Hello everyone!"
No one responded.
Mu Xiaodao walked in front of the God Official. The God Official hesitated for a moment before standing up, "Miss Mu, sit!"
As he spoke, he walked to the side.
He didn't want to offend this woman!
This woman was too terrifying when she was reckless!
Mu Xiaodao didn't stand on ceremony and sat down. She glanced at everyone and said, "I just returned from the Devil Domain. I can tell you a piece of news. That Ye Xuan's cultivation has been sealed!"
The God Official nodded, "His cultivation has indeed been sealed!
However, he isn't worthy of so many of us targeting him. We gathered here today for another purpose! "
Mu Xiaodao shook her head, "That fellow isn't simple. I feel that if you really want to deal with him, it's best that everyone goes to the Devil Domain now and deal with him together. He will definitely die!"
Everyone!
Everyone in the hall shook their heads!
Even though Ye Xuan possessed the Constitution of Disaster, he was only ranked 36th on the Wanted List, so he wasn't worthy of them making a move against him!
Mu Xiaodao shook her head and sighed, "We're giving him a chance!"
The God Official said, "The reason we gathered here today is to deal with the Nether Pavilion and the Great Demon King, Mo Xiaoshuang!"
Mu Xiaodao spoke indifferently, "I suggest we kill Ye Xuan first!"
Wu Ke glanced at Mu Xiaodao and remained silent.
On the other side, the Undying Old Man suddenly said, "Miss Mu, do you think that Ye Xuan poses a greater threat than the Nether Pavilion and the Great Demon King, Mo Xiaoshuang?"
Mu Xiaodao nodded, "I think so!"
The Undying Old Man shook his head with a smile and remained silent.
Everyone in the hall remained silent as well!
Meanwhile, the God Official spoke abruptly, "Miss Mu is right. We really can't allow Ye Xuan to grow.
When I saw Ye Xuan, his cultivation was sealed, and his body was at the Unity Realm …. "
As he spoke, he glanced at the hall, "Who's willing to deal with him?"
No one in the hall responded.
A Unity Realm wasn't worthy of them taking action!
At this moment, the Undying Old Man suddenly said, "I feel that everyone in the hall isn't suitable!
Kill a Unity Realm?
Won't we be laughed at by others?
Let the younger generation of the Divine Palace do it!
We can also train them!
In any case, Ye Xuan is in the Devil Domain, and the Undying Emperor Clan can't help him. Without a backer, he's just an ant! "
Hearing this, everyone in the hall nodded in agreement!
At the side, Mu Xiaodao lay on a chair and shook her head, "I want to change teammates!"
At this moment, she wanted to rely on Ye Xuan!
.....








Chapter 1598
At this moment, Mu Xiaodao felt very helpless!
She was very clear about Ye Xuan's natural talent, and his speed of improvement could only be described as terrifying!
Most importantly, this guy had three extremely terrifying backers behind him!
The Cosmos Court didn't know much about the three Swordsman, but she didn't. She had dealt with two of the Swordsman, and she knew how terrifying those two Swordsman were!
Even though those two Swordsman were restrained by the Laws of the Universe, she wasn't sure if the Laws of the Universe could restrain them!
Suddenly, Yan Xiaoxiao spoke, "You should listen to Miss Mu's opinion!"
Everyone looked at Yan Xiaoxiao, and Yan Xiaoxiao glanced at them, "We lost the battle against the Undying Emperor Clan!"
The Undying Old Man shook his head, "He didn't kill them!
It was that azure-clothed man! "
Mu Xiaodao smiled, "And here I thought I didn't know about him!"
As she spoke, she suddenly frowned, "Do you know anything about him?"
No one in the hall spoke.
Obviously, they didn't!
They really hadn't come into contact with him!
Meanwhile, the Undying Old Man suddenly said, "Miss Mu, is that Swordsman very strong?"
Ma Yi gazed coldly at the Undying Old Man, "His clone almost killed the Seventh Swordsman. Isn't that strong?"
The Undying Old Man frowned slightly when he heard that.
The expressions of everyone here had changed slightly as well!
A clone almost killed the Seventh Swordsman? That was quite terrifying!
Meanwhile, a voice resounded from outside, "Everyone should pay attention to Ye Xuan and that azure-clothed man!"
A woman walked in as the voice resounded.
She had a ponytail, wore a light green dress, and held a scroll in her hand.
She was an educated youth!
She was in charge of all the information systems in the Cosmos Court. She could be said to be the All-Knowing Scholar of the Cosmos Court. No, she was the All-Knowing Scholar of the entire universe!
She glanced at everyone and smiled, "Miss Mu hasn't explained everything. Firstly, that azure-clothed man isn't strong, he's extremely strong. It can be said that no one in our hall is a match for him!"
As she spoke, she looked at the Divine Official. "Sir Divine Official, I was injured by a strand of sword energy. It was left behind by that azure-robed man, and it was left behind tens of thousands of years ago!"
Hearing this, the Grand Priest's face instantly became solemn!
That wisp of sword energy had almost killed him!
The Undying Old Man looked at the youth and frowned, "Is it that terrifying?"
The educated youth looked at the Undying Old Man. "Are you questioning me?"
The Undying Old Man was about to speak when the Divine Official suddenly said, "If that strand of sword qi really belongs to him, then his strength is absolutely not something we can contend against!"
The educated youth nodded, "Besides this green-robed man, there is also a woman in a plain dress!
The strength of these two people was extremely terrifying!
Fortunately, both of them are restrained by the laws of the universe. "
The Law of the Universe!
The expressions of everyone here instantly became solemn when they heard this!
To be able to force the laws of the universe to come out and restrain him, that was not an ordinary kind of terror!
Zhi Qing continued, "I can understand that your target is the Nether Hall and Heaven's Sanctum, but don't forget that Ye Xuan has the Disaster Physique!
He is the one that the laws of the universe want to eliminate the most! "
The Grand Priest nodded, "I know!
However, the Great Demon King of the Heaven's Sanctum has summoned all the experts of the Heaven's Sanctum and declared war against us …. We have no choice but to deal with it. Otherwise, it will be very troublesome! "
The Heaven's Sanctum!
The educated youth fell silent for a moment before he said, "We can't underestimate the Heaven's Sanctum. According to my investigations, the Great Demon King has summoned the 6 Great Demon Kings and 12 Demon Generals. That woman wants to take advantage of the absence of the laws of the universe to fight us!
And that Nether Hall ….
If they have the chance, they will definitely act as well! "
The Grand Priest nodded, "It's not that we don't take Ye Xuan seriously, but we have to deal with the Heaven's Sanctum and Nether Hall first!
Of course, as Miss Mu said, we can't underestimate Ye Xuan! "
As he spoke, he glanced at the hall, "Who will deal with Ye Xuan?"
Right at this moment, a shadow suddenly appeared in the main hall.
The hall instantly fell silent when they saw this figure!
A Divine Lord!
But it wasn't his main body that had come!
The Divine Lord opened his palm, and a command token floated out slowly. The command token floated to the nameless little girl who was hiding in the corner.
The little girl raised her head and glanced at the command token. After a while, she picked it up and stood up.
The Divine Lord said, "Ye Xuan!"
The little girl clenched her right hand lightly, and the command token vanished. She turned to look at the educated youth, and the latter took out a scroll and placed it before the little girl, "All the information about him!"
The little girl picked up the scroll and turned around to leave.
Not far away, Wu Ke's face darkened when he saw that.
She wasn't afraid of anyone in the hall who went to the Devil Territory, but she was most afraid of this little girl because she was the most dangerous existence in the hall!
Even the Divine Lord wasn't as dangerous as her!
She was an extremely terrifying assassin!
How terrifying was she?
It could be said that she wasn't confident that she could survive if the little girl came to kill her!
If it was an open battle, then she wasn't afraid of anyone in the hall, including the Divine Lord and the little girl. But the problem was that the little girl was an assassin!
Wu Ke's eyes were filled with worry!
Meanwhile, the Divine Lord suddenly said, "Leave Ye Xuan to her. Let's discuss how to destroy the Heaven Estate and Nether Pavilion!"
Mu Xiaodao didn't stay in the hall, and she hurriedly followed the little girl out. But when she stepped out of the hall, the nameless little girl had vanished!
Mu Xiaodao's face fell when she witnessed this scene!
She hadn't expected that the Divine Lord would actually be able to make the little girl fight!
After all, besides the Laws of the Universe, no one could make the little girl fight. Even the Laws of the Universe might not be able to.
The little girl was extremely strange!
Meanwhile, Ma Yi followed her out.
Ma Yi suddenly said, "Are you worried about him?"
Mu Xiaodao smiled, "Just say what you want to say. Don't be so sarcastic!"
Ma Yi gazed at Mu Xiaodao, "You don't want him to die, right?"
Mu Xiaodao nodded.
Ma Yi stared fixedly at Mu Xiaodao, "Xiaodao, your thoughts are very dangerous!"
Mu Xiaodao chuckled lightly, "Ma Yi, let's discuss something we've already discussed. Do people with Calamity Constitutions really deserve to die?"
Ma Yi was about to speak when Mu Xiaodao continued, "He just wants to live!
Everyone has the right to live, isn't that right? "
Ma Yi shook her head, "But we are the Guardians of the Universe. We should protect the Laws of the Universe!"
Mu Xiaodao suddenly asked, "What if the Laws of the Universe are wrong?"
Hearing this, Ma Yi's face instantly changed. She turned to look at Mu Xiaodao. Mu Xiaodao smiled, "I was just casually saying!"
As she spoke, she looked towards the horizon, "From my standpoint, he does deserve to die because I am the Guardian of the Universe. But from my personal perspective, I don't think he's wrong. He just wants to live!
The Laws of the Universe should be targeting that mysterious person, not him, Ye Xuan!
Moreover, there are many suspicious points. For example, why does the mysterious person in his body want to go against the Laws?
Why does the Laws of the Universe still target him despite knowing that he has three super experts behind him? "
As she spoke, her eyes narrowed, "The biggest suspicious point is the identity of the mysterious person!
In the entire Cosmos God Court, other than the Laws of the Universe, no one knows the identity of the mysterious person, including the educated youth! "
Ma Yi said in a deep voice, "Xiaodao, I know this, but you have to be clear about your own identity!"
Mu Xiaodao smiled, "I know!
Are you afraid that my life will be in danger? "
Ma Yi nodded, "He's my best friend. I don't want anything to happen to him!"
Mu Xiaodao smiled, "Don't worry, I'm very smart. I won't be as stupid as Xiao Er, courting death for a man!"
Ma Yi looked at Mu Xiaodao, wanting to say something but hesitating.
Mu Xiaodao blinked, "Don't tell me you think that I like him?"
Ma Yi nodded vigorously.
Mu Xiaodao laughed, "What a joke!
Ma Yi, I suggest you watch more palace intrigues. The women in there can have many wives … hehe … "
Ma Yi: "…"
Mu Xiaodao didn't say anything else and walked away.
Ma Yi suddenly said, "Xiaodao … don't be reckless!"
Mu Xiaodao waved her hand, "Don't worry, I won't investigate!"
Ma Yi looked at Mu Xiaodao with a trace of worry in her eyes.
Actually, she understood Mu Xiaodao better. Don't be fooled by this guy's carefree attitude, as if he didn't care about anything. Once he cared about something, he would be crazier than anyone else!
What she was most worried about was that Mu Xiaodao was interested in Ye Xuan, because if that was really the case … Mu Xiaodao would do anything.
Thinking of this, Ma Yi suddenly shook her head, "Damn that man!
The next time I see that Ye Xuan, I'm going to kill him! "
...
At this time, Yan Xiaoxiao also walked out of the main hall. She quickly walked into the distance, but before long, a woman appeared in front of her.
Mu Xiaodao!
Mu Xiaodao looked at Yan Xiaoxiao and smiled, "Miss Yan, do you have those talismans that can transmit sound from afar?"
Yan Xiaoxiao nodded, "Yes!"
Mu Xiaodao blinked, "Can you give me two?"
Yan Xiaoxiao took out two transparent talismans and handed them to Mu Xiaodao.
Mu Xiaodao glanced at Yan Xiaoxiao, "Aren't you going to ask me what I'm going to do with them?"
Yan Xiaoxiao Xiao Dao, "Inform Ye Xuan!"
After saying that, she hugged her thick book and walked into the distance.
On the spot, Mu Xiaodao was stunned.
At this time, Yan Xiaoxiao suddenly stopped and said, "Whether it's good or evil doesn't depend on one's physique.
Miss Mu, the truth often means death. Take care! "
After saying that, she quickly disappeared into the distance.
Mu Xiaodao looked at the sound transmission talisman in her hand. After a while, she crushed one and said softly, "Bitch … Call Big Brother or Father!
Otherwise, you're going to die! "
Her voice disappeared along with the sound transmission talisman.
...
In the Infernal Domain.
Ye Xuan flew out again. This time, he flew almost a thousand feet away!
In the distance, the man in green said with a smile, "Continue!"
Ye Xuan climbed up from the ground. He glanced at the man in green and wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth, "Father, can you go easy on me?"
Hearing this, the man in green was stunned. The next moment, he laughed out loud, "Yes!
Absolutely!
Let's go, Father will show you off! "
After saying that, he suddenly appeared by Ye Xuan's side, and then he took Ye Xuan with him and vanished.
Ye Xuan was speechless.
....
PS: Brothers, I've been working hard to save up manuscripts!
I want to do something big!








Chapter 1599
In the sky, the man in green was flying on his sword with Ye Xuan.
The man in green was full of smiles. It was obvious that he was very happy.
In fact, he felt guilty towards Ye Xuan because he had never accompanied Ye Xuan since he was young.
However, he had no other choice.
If Ye Xuan kept following him, although he would be safe, he would be crippled!
Comfort could destroy a person!
Although Ye Xuan was not very strong now, he had a good temperament. He was courageous and ruthless!
Ye Xuan glanced at the green-robed man and felt rather complicated.
In fact, he was really unfamiliar with his parents.
Because no matter if it was his father or mother, neither of them had ever accompanied him!
Hate?
Of course he hated them!
However, after knowing that the man in green was helping him find the source of the mysterious man, he did not hate him so much anymore!
Of course, the main reason was that his sister, Ye Ling, was alive and well!
Otherwise, he would not forgive anyone!
At this moment, the man in green stopped. Ye Xuan looked in front of him, but there was nothing there!
The man in green drew a line with his fingers.
Pfft!
The space in front of them cracked open, and within the cracked space was a world of its own!
The green-robed man led Ye Xuan in. What entered their eyes was an endless mountain range. They could not see the end of it!
Ye Xuan was curious. "Where is this?"
The man in green smiled. "The Earth Spirit Clan!
A clan that lives underground. Back then, they were in danger of being exterminated. I happened to pass by and saved them. Let's go! "
After saying that, he led Ye Xuan into the vast mountains. Soon, they came to a huge cave. As soon as they arrived at the cave, an old man appeared in front of them.
The old man was a little short and had a goatee!
The old man was very cautious. However, when he saw the man in green, his expression changed drastically and he said with a trembling voice, "Guardian?"
The man in green laughed. "Is Shan Qiu still here?"
The old man knelt down. "Guardian …"
As he spoke, he kept kowtowing.
The green-robed man shook his head and smiled. He gently lifted his right hand and helped the old man up.
The azure-robed man smiled and said, "Let's go in!"
The old man quickly said, "No, no!
Guardian, please wait a moment! "
With that, he turned around and disappeared into the distance.
The green-shirted man looked at Ye Xuan and said with a smile, "The Earth Spirit Tribe is a special tribe. They aren't very strong, but their forging skills are top-notch. It can be said that their forging skills are the best in the entire universe!
It was also because of this that they were coveted by many powerful forces and were almost exterminated. "
Ye Xuan was just about to speak when a group of people suddenly ran over, and the person in the lead was a white haired old man. The white haired old man was first stunned when he saw the green clothed man, and then he charged over to the green clothed man. He intended to embrace the green clothed man, but he noticed that the green clothed man was only a clone!
The green-robed man smiled and said, "Shan Qiu, how have you been?"
Shan Qiu laughed and said, "Brother Yang, I've missed you so much!"
As he spoke, he looked at Ye Xuan and asked, "This is?"
The green-robed man smiled and said, "My son!"
Ye Xuan quickly bowed and said, "Hello, Uncle Shan Qiu!"
Since the green-robed man was his father's brother, he had to call him uncle.
Shan Qiu was stunned when he heard Ye Xuan call him uncle. Then, he laughed and said, "So it's my nephew!
Good!
Very good!
Come, let's go in and talk! "
The green-robed man shook his head and said, "This sword Qi is about to disappear!"
Shan Qiu looked at the green-robed man and sighed, "You brat, you didn't even come in person!"
The green-robed man smiled and said, "There will be a chance in the future!"
Shan Qiu nodded and said, "You must have something to tell me.
？”
The green-robed man pointed at Ye Xuan and said, "Take care of him!"
Shan Qiu looked at Ye Xuan and said, "It's no big deal!"
The green-robed man smiled and said, "Thank you!"
Shan Qiu was a little unhappy and said, "Why are you saying this to my brother?"
The green-robed man laughed and said, "Shan Qiu, don't forge iron every day!
If you have the time, you should cultivate more. Don't let me see you when you become a pile of dirt! "
As he spoke, he gradually became illusory.
Ye Xuan quickly said, "Father, do you have anything for me?"
The green-robed man looked at Ye Xuan and smiled and said, "Above the mortal state is the Breaking Mortal state. Do you know what's above the Breaking Mortal state?"
Ye Xuan shook his head and said, "I don't know!"
The green-robed man smiled and asked, "Do you want to break through to the Breaking Mortal state immediately?"
Ye Xuan was overjoyed and quickly said, "Of course I want to!
Even in my dreams! "
The green-robed man blinked and said, "Dream on then!
You can have everything in your dreams! "
As soon as he finished, he disappeared.
Ye Xuan was speechless.
At the side, Shan Qiu heard the conversation between Ye Xuan and his son and could not help but laugh!
Ye Xuan was speechless. How dare his father play tricks on him!
At this moment, Shan Qiu suddenly pulled Ye Xuan's arm and said, "Nephew, let's go!"
As soon as he finished speaking, he led Ye Xuan into the cave.
The rest of the Earth Spirit Clan members quickly backed away!
After entering the cave, Ye Xuan discovered that there was a huge city underground. This city shocked Ye Xuan!
The entire city was almost 300 meters tall and the city walls were made of a dark golden metal. There was not a single crack in the city. It was as if it was made by nature.
Along the way, countless Earth Spirit Clan members watched.
As they entered the city, Shan Qiu suddenly shouted, "Open the Earth Spirit's treasury!"
The Earth Spirit's treasury!
Hearing this, the countless Earth Spirit Clan members suddenly became excited!
The Earth Spirit's treasury!
This was the forbidden area of the Earth Spirit Clan. Only the leader of the clan could enter because all the best treasures of the Earth Spirit Clan were gathered there!
The highest level of blacksmiths were Legendary Blacksmiths, and only the most perfect works of Legendary Blacksmiths could be placed within the treasury!
The most perfect!
Not even the slightest flaw was qualified to be placed within the treasury. Even if it was the work of a Legendary Blacksmith, it was still not qualified. Only the work of a Legendary Blacksmith was qualified to be placed within the treasury!
Moreover, it was extremely difficult to forge such a perfect treasure. Even a Legendary Blacksmith would need at least a few hundred or even a thousand years to forge such a perfect treasure!
Even though Ye Xuan didn't know where the treasury was, based on the attitude of the Earth Spirit Clan members around him, he knew that he might be rich this time!
I must calm down!
I must be reserved!
What treasures have I not seen?
In next to no time, Shan Qiu led Ye Xuan to an enormous crystal pavilion.
Two black-robed elders stood in front of the crystal pavilion.
They were the guardians of the treasury!
They were also the strongest members of the Earth Spirit Clan!
Ye Xuan glanced at the two of them. He couldn't sense their auras, but he could sense a trace of danger from them!
This shocked Ye Xuan. He was at the Breaking Mortality Realm now, and there were very few things that could make him feel danger.
At this moment, the old man on the left suddenly said, "Shan Qiu, is that really the aura of the Guardian?"
Shan Qiu laughed and said, "Elder Zuo, you're right. It's the Guardian!"
Elder Zuo said softly, "Unfortunately, it's just a clone …"
Shan Qiu smiled and said, "Zuo Changlong, this is Brother Yang's son!"
Ye Xuan hurriedly bowed to them respectfully. "Greetings, Elders!"
Elder Zuo glanced at Ye Xuan and said, "They have the same bloodline.
Little fellow, you don't have to be so courteous. "
Zuo Qiu smiled and said, "Elder Zuo, I want to bring this little fellow in to pick a few things!"
Elder Zuo nodded. "Of course!"
At this moment, Elder Zuo who had been silent suddenly said, "Three!"
Pick three!
As soon as these words were spoken, the other members of the Earth Spirit Clan instantly gasped!
Three pieces!
After all, even the Patriarch of the Earth Spirit Clan only had the qualifications to enter once every 1,000 years, and he could only choose a single treasure!
But this human could choose three as soon as he arrived!
Of course, no one felt jealous or displeased!
Because he was the son of the Guardian!
Meanwhile, Elder Zuo suddenly said, "Three? That's too stingy!
Little Fellow, you can choose 10 once you enter! "
10!
Countless members of the Earth Spirit Clan were stunned!
Zuo Qiu was quite surprised as well. 10!
That wasn't a small number!
Because every single treasure within the Guardian was truly priceless!
Elder Zuo glanced at Elder Zuo but didn't say anything.
Elder Zuo smiled, "Go on in!"
Shan Qiu nodded and was about to lead Ye Xuan in. Meanwhile, a clear and melodious voice resounded from behind, "Father, I want to go in as well!"
Ye Xuan turned around and saw a woman around the age of 17 or 18. She was extremely beautiful, and there was a small hammer hanging from her waist.
Shan Qiu frowned slightly, "You can't go in!"
The woman spoke in a slightly aggrieved tone, "I just want to go in and have a look at the masterpieces. I don't want the treasures within!"
Shan Qiu sighed softly, "Little girl, you can't go in. Wait …."
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Let her go in with us!"
Shan Qiu gazed at Ye Xuan, and Ye Xuan gazed at the 2 elders, "Can I?"
Elder Zuo grinned, "Yes!"
Of course he had to give them face!
Ye Xuan bowed slightly, "Thank you!"
The woman walked over to Ye Xuan and chuckled, "Thank you, Big Brother!"
Ye Xuan smiled, "I'm Ye Xuan. What about you?"
The woman smiled, "Shan Ling!"
Ye Xuan smiled, "Younger Sister Shan Ling!
Let's go in! "
As he spoke, he and Shan Ling walked towards a place not far away.
Shan Qiu glanced at Ye Xuan and a trace of gratitude flashed in his eyes. Soon, he followed.
...
After a few people entered, Elder You suddenly said, "Ten …"
Elder Zuo said, "If it wasn't for his father, the Earth Spirit Tribe would have been gone!"
Elder Zuo was silent.
Elder Zuo continued, "This little guy has already reached the Breaking Mortal Realm …"
Elder Zuo nodded and did not say anything else.
Because he understood!
The father was the guardian of the Earth Spirit Tribe, and the son was a genius. He could also become the guardian of the Earth Spirit Tribe …
...
After entering the Earth Spirit Treasure Vault, Ye Xuan seemed to have thought of something and suddenly asked, "Uncle, I've seen a worn-out ancient shield before. That ancient shield can reflect all attacks. Does that ancient shield belong to the Earth Spirit Treasure Vault?"
Shan Qiu smiled, "You should be talking about the Sorcerer Armor Shield. That treasure was forged by the Earth Spirit Tribe, but it's not from the Earth Spirit Treasure Vault because it's a defective item and is not qualified to enter the Earth Spirit Treasure Vault.
When we asked your father to choose a treasure, he didn't want anything. In the end, we couldn't accept it, so he randomly picked a broken shield from the outside and said that it was for a certain little guy to play with. We were all very embarrassed because that Sorcerer Armor Shield was too trashy … "
Defective item!
Not qualified to enter the Earth Spirit Treasure Vault!
Too trashy!
Ye Xuan suddenly felt like he was floating …
...
fpzw








Chapter 1600
Needless to say, Ye Xuan was extremely shocked!
He was very clear about the terror of that dilapidated ancient shield!
That shield could even reflect Mu Xiaodao's flying daggers!
With that shield, he could practically take on three Guardians of the Universe at once!
However, that shield was trash in Shan Qiu's eyes!
Ye Xuan was looking forward to the land spirit's treasury!
Soon, the three of them entered the treasury.
What entered his eyes were more than a hundred red pillars of light, and within each pillar of light was a treasure of various types!
Ye Xuan walked to the nearest light pillar. Inside the light pillar was a black round shield. The round shield was as smooth as a mirror and there were many strange runes on its surface!
Ye Xuan was curious. "Uncle Shan Qiu, this is?"
Shan Qiu smiled. "This is the God Trembling Shield!
It's a perfect Inferior Legendary grade! "
Ye Xuan asked, "Is it powerful?"
Shan Qiu shook his head. "Not especially powerful!
Its core function is to reflect damage. It can reflect twice the damage! "
Ye Xuan was struck dumb. Then he said, "Twice?"
Shan Qiu nodded. "For example, if you slash it with your sword, it can reflect twice the power of your sword."
Ye Xuan gulped. "Uncle, isn't this powerful?"
Shan Qiu smiled. "It's just so-so!
Let's go to the next level! "
As he spoke, he pulled Ye Xuan to the next level.
Ye Xuan looked at the God Trembling Shield reluctantly. Actually, he really wanted to take it with him!
Shan Ling suddenly covered his mouth and laughed. "Brother Ye, there's even better stuff behind!"
Ye Xuan smiled sheepishly. He was a little inexperienced!
Soon, the three of them arrived at the next level. When they entered the next level, Ye Xuan saw more than 60 purple light pillars. It was almost half of the previous level!
Ye Xuan walked to another light pillar. At this moment, Shan Qiu suddenly pulled him. "Don't look at this. Come, look here!"
Ye Xuan was speechless.
The hill brought Ye Xuan to one of the light pillars. Inside the light pillar was a black mirror with a dark gold frame. On top of the mirror, there was a strange red rune.
Ye Xuan looked at Shan Qiu. Shan Qiu smiled and said, "This is the Mysterious Mirror of Heaven and Earth!"
Ye Xuan quickly asked, "What's the use?"
Shan Qiu laughed. "This item is extremely useful. It can be duplicated!"
Ye Xuan was puzzled. "Copy?"
Hill nodded. "Once this item is activated, it can duplicate an opponent's doppelganger. This doppelganger will have at least 70% of the opponent's combat power!"
As he spoke, he paused for a moment and said, "Of course, an expert at the level of your father can't be replicated!"
Ye Xuan said softly, "Only seventy percent?"
Actually, he was a little disappointed because if it only had 70% of its power, it would be worse than the shield from before!
At this moment, Shan Qiu smiled and said, "If it's just a copy, it definitely doesn't have the right to be placed here!"
Ye Xuan quickly asked, "What other uses does it have?"
Shan Qiu smiled and said, "It can make ten copies!
Moreover, it can also duplicate itself! "
Ten!
Hearing this, Ye Xuan's expression changed.
If it was only one, it would be useless. But if it was ten, it would be completely different!
Ten!
Ten of him against one Mu Xiaodao …
Just thinking about it was exciting!
If the opponent was stronger than him, it would be equivalent to having ten more super experts!
Shan Qiu smiled and said, "Are you tempted?"
Ye Xuan nodded vigorously!
Ten!
That was a little too ridiculous!
Shan Qiu laughed and then silently chanted a spell. Soon, the purple light pillar suddenly split open and the Mysterious Mirror of Heaven and Earth floated out.
Shan Qiu smiled and said, "Drip a drop of blood!"
Ye Xuan nodded and said, "Alright!"
As he spoke, he bent his finger and a drop of blood entered the mirror.
The Mysterious Mirror of Heaven and Earth trembled slightly and directly shot a ray of light into the space between Ye Xuan's eyebrows.
Boom!
Ye Xuan's entire body trembled. The next moment, the Mysterious Mirror of Heaven and Earth turned into a ray of white light and entered the space between Ye Xuan's eyebrows. Then, a small mark of the Mysterious Mirror of Heaven and Earth appeared between Ye Xuan's eyebrows but quickly disappeared!
Ye Xuan slowly closed his eyes. At this moment, he could feel the Mysterious Mirror of Heaven and Earth!
Ye Xuan opened his palm and the Mysterious Mirror of Heaven and Earth appeared in his hand. The next moment, suddenly, ten 'Ye Xuan's' appeared beside him!
Ten clones!
Ye Xuan looked at Shan Qiu and said, "Their combat strength?"
Shan Qiu smiled and said, "They can perfectly duplicate your combat consciousness!"
Ye Xuan suddenly slashed his sword towards the right and the clone on the right disappeared. When it appeared again, it was already several feet away. The next moment, a sword suddenly appeared half an inch in front of his eyebrows!
Sword of Life and Death!
However, before the sword could come into contact with his eyebrows, it was caught by two fingers. The next moment, a ray of sword light suddenly slashed straight down from the top of his head.
Sword Drawing Technique!
Ye Xuan was a little shocked. This clone actually knew his sword technique. Moreover, this clone's Sword Principle was actually at the Breaking Mortality Stage!
Of course, there was a difference. It should be said that it was a fake Breaking Mortality Stage!
Ye Xuan moved his mind and the clone that was attacking immediately stopped. Then, it retreated to the side and stood respectfully.
Beside him, Shan Qiu smiled and said, "How is it?"
Ye Xuan said in a low voice, "Uncle, other than powerhouses at my father's level, can this Mysterious Mirror of Heaven and Earth be duplicated by other powerhouses?"
Shan Qiu shook his head and said, "It's not that exaggerated. Some special powerhouses can't be duplicated!
It can be said that the limit of what it can duplicate is powerhouses above the Breaking Mortality Stage. Moreover, the clone that duplicates powerhouses above the Breaking Mortality Stage can only have about 60% of their combat strength! "
Ye Xuan nodded slightly. If it could even duplicate powerhouses of the Breaking Mortality Stage, it would be too crazy!
However, to be able to duplicate powerhouses above the Breaking Mortality Stage, one had to admit that it was quite amazing!
Although it could only have 60% of their combat strength, there were still 10 of them!
It was a godly tool for group fights!
Shan Qiu said again, "Do you know why this godly item is called the perfect legendary godly item?"
Ye Xuan shook his head.
Shan Qiu smiled and said, "Because even if the clone that is created by this item dies, it can't cause any harm to your original body!
In order to achieve this, the legendary blacksmith that created this item spent hundreds of years researching it! "
Ye Xuan said softly, "Impressive!"
Shan Qiu nodded. "My clan has a unique advantage in terms of smithing. Moreover, everyone is very interested in smithing.
However, my clan has no interest in cultivation. Therefore, my clan's combat strength is a little weak!
If it wasn't for your father, even if my clan wasn't exterminated, I would have to submit to others and become their slaves! "
Ye Xuan was a little curious. "Uncle, which force did you guys back then?"
Shan Qiu shook his head and said, "There were all kinds of forces. Among them, there was the shadow of the Cosmos Palace. They were rather tactful. They said that they wanted us to join the Cosmos Palace and that they could protect us. However, we have to hand over 70% of the godly items that we forge every year!"
Hand over 70%!
Ye Xuan fell silent. He had to admit that their appetite was quite big!
Shan Qiu continued, "The one that almost exterminated my Earth Spirit Clan was the Beast Demon Clan. They wanted to exterminate us back then because they wanted to obtain a super godly armor from my Earth Spirit Clan, the Invincible God of War Armor!"
Ye Xuan was a little curious. "Invincible God of War Armor?"
Shan Qiu nodded. "It was a super godly item that was forged by nine legendary blacksmiths. It could be said to be the most perfect armor in the history of my Earth Spirit Clan. Not only was it forged by nine legendary blacksmiths, it was also forged with countless precious materials from my Earth Spirit Clan!
It could be said that this is a piece of armor that my Earth Spirit Clan forged with all their might!
It is also the pride of my Earth Spirit Clan! "
Ye Xuan blinked his eyes. "Can I take a look?"
Shan Qiu hesitated for a while and said, "This … you can definitely take a look, but …"
Ye Xuan said seriously, "I'm not taking it!
I'll just take a look! "
Shan Qiu smiled. "Alright!
I'll bring you to take a look later!
Come, there's a treasure here that's not bad. It's suitable for you! "
After that, he brought Ye Xuan to the other side!
Along the way, Ye Xuan kept looking at the light pillars. To be honest, he wanted all of them!
However, he couldn't be like that!
At this moment, Ye Xuan suddenly stopped. He looked at one of the light pillars. Within the purple light pillar, there was a golden dragon seal.
Dragon seal!
Ye Xuan was a little curious. "Uncle, this is?"
Shan Qiu smiled. "This is the Heavenly Dragon Seal. It contains the Qi of the mountains and rivers. With this seal, not only will you be protected by the Heavenly Dragon, you can also use this seal to strengthen your own Dragon Energy!
Although it's not bad, it's not suitable for you. This is because this seal can only be used to its best effect on an Emperor.
In other words, if an Emperor has this seal, not only will his cultivation be much easier, he can also control this seal to gather the power of a country. "
Ye Xuan suddenly said, "Uncle, I want this!"
Shan Qiu was a little surprised. "Nephew, this seal is not suitable for you!"
Ye Xuan smiled. "I have a wife who happens to be an Emperor. She's very suitable!"
Shan Qiu smiled. "Alright!"
As he spoke, he silently recited an incantation. The beam of light directly shattered, and the Heavenly Dragon Seal within it directly flew to Ye Xuan.
Ye Xuan smiled and kept the Heavenly Dragon Seal!
Shan Qiu smiled. "Nephew, your Sword Principle is at the Broken Mortality Realm, right?"
Ye Xuan nodded and smiled. "Yes!"
Shan Qiu smiled. "Then, you'll like this treasure very much. It's suitable for you!"
Ye Xuan was a little curious. "What is it?"
Shan Qiu laughed. "You'll see it soon!"
As he spoke, he brought Ye Xuan to a place not far away.
Ye Xuan was still looking around. He had to admit that the treasures here were too terrifying!
At this moment, he finally understood why the Earth Spirit Clan was coveted by others!
The treasures of this clan were not ordinary terrifying!
If any force obtained the treasures of the Earth Spirit Clan, their strength would increase by at least a few times!
At this moment, Shan Qiu stopped. He pointed at a light pillar in the distance and smiled. "This is it!"
Ye Xuan looked at the light pillar. When he saw the treasure in the light pillar, his eyes instantly lit up …
...
