Tensei Shitara Slime Datta Ken




(転生したらスライムだった件)





Volume 04


Life in the Royal Capital Arc





Fuse


(伏瀬)





Story Description:





Mikami Satoru is a successful, 37 year old adult who has two problems: he has never had a girlfriend; and, while meeting his colleague on the street, Satoru got fatally stabbed. The result? He has reincarnated as a slime. Will that be his third misfortune or a blessing?





Original Story can be found here: Link





Chapter 65: The Prelude to Disaster


King Edomarisu of Farmas Kingdom frowned as he received his report.

There have been changes in the trade status quo surrounding the Farmas Kingdom.

Originally, the profits and losses of trade will take up to a year or even longer before it’s certain, but this time the changes are much too abrupt.

Due to its location, the Farmas kingdom can be considered as the main trading partner of the Dwarven Kingdom.

Without the need to traverse hazardous terrain, it is advantageous for direct transactions. Therefore, a great deal of profit was earned by selling the imported goods after implementing high taxes.

But, simply selling goods to foreign kingdoms is hardly enough to be satisfied about.

If the imported goods were to be solely sold within the country, withholding foreign trades, that would further increase profits, and such a decision was made after listening to the advice of the Minister of Economical Affairs.

As expected, at first there was an increase in the number of adventurers into the country plus the sales and revenues also increased.

But in a month, sales started to show signs of recession, and an investigation of the cause was immediately ordered.

The damages are not only limited to imported goods. Foreign merchants who came to buy goods and adventurers who came to stay disappeared altogether.|

Adventurers staying in the city affect the revenues of shops and inns, making this situation something that cannot be ignored.

This isn’t a problem one can afford to simply wait and see.

When their report was brought forth, it was a shocking one.

“It seems like a new city has appeared in the Great Jura Forest. In addition, it’s inhabited by monsters.”

And that’s the situation. This is simply absurd.

When Veldora disappeared, the spike in monster activity had been a cause for concern. Many monsters live in the Great Jura Forest. Comparatively, the threat level of the monsters have been relatively low, even though there are monsters that exceed B rank amongst them.

Making a town in such a dangerous place, how much combat force is required? Even defending the surrounding villages and towns within the monster habitats requires a lot of tax money invested into it.

Moreover, monsters living in a town is an unprecedented phenomenon.

This is a phenomenon of monsters founding a country. Who could possibly believe this?

However, there were reports of goblin tribes evolving into a human-like physique, figures that looked like orcs, and whatnots.

In the report, they’ve all evolved into the species called hobgoblins. By now, the goblins are already quite close to humans, even engaging in business while speaking the human language.

That’s not all, there are also Orcs and High Orcs, with knowledge and technique of organizing work corps to establish and maintain roads.

This is an absurd story no matter how one thinks about it.

How many years would it take even for a single individual to evolve? Of course due to the magnitude of the subject this is something that must be dealt with immediately.

News about an entire group evolving, this is something that is unheard of for centuries!

Of course, I didn’t doubt that the spies would lie.

But that’s not the problem here.

The main issue is a city has appeared out of nowhere.

Directly through the Great Jura Forest, with a route directly connecting the Dwarven kingdom and the small country Burmund is formed.

Moreover, the safety of the trade route is guaranteed.

This is something that can’t be neglected. After all, if this route is permitted, the geological advantage the Farmas kingdom possessed is lost.

For the Farmas Kingdom, which mainly relies on trade for income, this is a matter of life and death.

Due to the neighboring Dwarven kingdom being an excellent industrial kingdom (thank you), the local level of industry is low.

There are no local specialties, and there aren’t any resources able to be processed.

The local agriculture is at a level when the people wouldn’t starve, but the tax gained wouldn’t be enough to cover the national spending.

Tourism and trade being it’s main pillars, it’s a country where tariffs are high.

Until now, thanks to threat Veldora posed, the trade route through the Farmas kingdom had made it prosper.

The disappearance of Veldora after 300 years was not predicted.

Thus, measures for the future as a country haven’t been well looked into yet.

「Now then, what happens now……」

There isn’t anyone who could answer the king.

Currently, in a place where an emergency meeting conference commenced, similar reports are announced to each member.

The people gathered here are all upper class nobles involved in the management of the state, whose wealth is deeply routed to the central.

Everyone present knew more than anyone that if the kingdom couldn’t secure the benefits of trading with the Dwarven kingdom, the national power of the Kingdom will fall.

Although no one answered, there’s an answer. However, whoever says it will have to burden all the responsibility.

Adding that to the equation, this isn’t something that could be said.

“Let’s invade and destroy the city!”

Those are the words.

Even with the collective effort of the country, the most number of troops that can be mobilized is on a scale of about 100,000 people.

However, against an evolved monster, an ordinary soldier is useless.

A trained knight or a mercenary will be necessary. This isn’t a war between humans, if you want to mobilize to defeat the opponent, this isn’t something amateurs can handle.

All they want is to avoid increasing the amount of people who will die in vain.

So out of the 100,000 soldiers, those with actual combat experiences via skirmishes number about 20,000. Mercenaries make up the majority of that number.

The knight belonging to this country is 10,000 at most.

This number includes all of the knights in the region. When it comes to those who will actually rally to the king’s orders are 5000 at most.

The numbers in the monster’s country seem to amount to around 10,000, but there might be some away doing construction.

TN: Dramatic Irony – there’s around 165,000. maxresdefault

In addition, if you consider a 1 vs 1 battle scenario, you’ll need to factor in the quality of equipment. In addition, you should also consider the female fighting force as well.

With that said, subduing the monsters with only regional knights will be difficult.

For a decisive victory, at least 10,000 experienced soldiers must be prepared.

In this place, whoever suggests the attack will have to carry the burden of the fund should the combat forces be insufficient.

No one wants to miss out on the benefits, but carrying the burden of the losses is also undesirable. The people gathered here all had that mindset.

The king could easily decipher the thoughts of the upper class nobles.

Factors that will secure victory are combat forces and war funds.

In addition, the adventurers staying in the monster’s city are something that can’t be neglected. He’ll need to cooperate with a friend to work this out. No one is going to support them if there aren’t any benefits……

However, what if it’s assumed there are benefits? After eliminating the monsters in the city, and recognizing their right to govern the city……

There wouldn’t be any sense of unethicality ruling over the monsters. Monster slavery isn’t uncommon.

Eradicating the problematic city and enslaving the surviving monsters. In addition, the city can be incorporated into the country’s territory.

In doing so, the Farmas Kingdom will obtain new land, and they might even obtain the blessings of the Great Jura Forest.

Adding to that, the defenses can also be left to the monsters. The council doesn’t allow human slavery, but they wouldn’t complain if they’re monsters.

There’s also the income to be earned from opening up new trade routes, it’s choke-full of good benefits.

Above all, there was something that fascinated the king.

It is silk, a sample of it was obtained from the town, and he had never felt anything like it before.

Comparing it to Magic fiber or hemp cloths is a presumptuous act. Analysis results show that it appears to be a fabric woven from the cocoons of hell moths.

Hell moths are extremely dangerous monsters, even though the materials aren’t limited to the cocoon, however… In reality, no one could believe there being an even better fabric than the one at hand.

With whatever means necessary, the manufacturing method must be obtained. With the manufacturing method, this could be the country’s specialty.

This and that, if the city was to be conquered, those benefits will be obtainable.

Involuntarily, it’s likely the desperation of the king has distorted his face with desire.

The problem is the subjugation itself.

Regarding this matter, the king had a plan.

He had already contacted Cardinal Nicolas Spertus of the church previously.

An urgent emergency magic letter was sent via magic communication between countries.

The contents of the letter was regarding the Monster Country. The letter was written meticulously in hopes of not causing trouble to the church and persuading them to take care of the problem.

Even King Edomarisu is acquainted to Cardinal Nicolas.

He is a shrewd man who would do anything that would give him profits as long as it doesn’t depreciate the church. Such a man usually thinks for his own benefits. Thinking from his perspective is natural.

In the letter, it was also written that for any further consultation would require sending messengers. It appears he may be a monster expert.

The King couldn’t hide his surprise

Actually, the church wouldn’t move as long as it’s not a big threat.

When you think about it, whether it is conceivable for a monster town to be recognized as a threat, or……

At that point, King Edomarisu thought about everything.

The church’s raison d’être is the belief that that humans and monsters don’t get along well.

With assent, the plans for how to proceed has been thought up.

For the church, would there be enough justification to subjugate monsters that do no harm to humans?

However, what if there is a nation that’s asking for help? They would be able to launch a punitive force in a triumphant manner.

I see, so that was the aim of Cardinal Nicolas, and so, King Edomarisu was convinced.

If the church can compensate for the lack of manpower in his own country, this can be a winning battle.

Moreover, with the support of the church, this could be a holy war!

TN: I knew it! After reading chapter 59, I knew this would happen! Holy my arse.

ED: Predictions by a bear~ Next time don’t get an octopus to predict the results of the world cup, get a bear instead!

And by leading this war, and gaining the honor of leading the holy war to victory, this is something I must grasp.

By doing so, I can secure my foundations, and also suppress the positions of the upper class nobles.

However, it is vital that there be a way to make it inexcusable for me to lead this strategy.

This meeting is a farce for that.

Looking the upper nobles one more time, confirming that none of they are trying to speak up.

Now, I was able to make myself the air to go along with this.

I’ll strike when the time is right.

「Although I wanted to ask each lord, if the burden is too much……」

And I said that as if I wanted to discontinue my words,

「Your majesty, Pardon me for my rudeness! It seems the monster town has started business with the adventurers. And supporting this from the shadows is the Burmund Kingdom. If that’s the case, if we were to attack the city, the neighboring countries will not look kindly upon us……」

「That’s right, moreover, they have the support of the Dwarf blacksmiths, and are now polishing their own technology……

If we rallied our troops the eyes of the neighboring countries will also be watching……」

Two nobles stated their objections.

Marquis Muller of the Farmas Kingdom is a part of the noble faction with Earl Hermann as his follower.

The king wanted to click his tongue but he endures,

「Hoo, then what do you propose we do? 」

Thus, I asked the two men.

Even with the other countries watching, when we got the church’s backing I can come out with a BANG.

However, if I tell them that here, the benefit-seeking nobles will be interested in the subjugation and will strive to lead.

That town will be under the direct jurisdiction of the king. The well that will be generated in there, there’s no way he’s going to divide it up with the nobles.

The two people who were asked looked at each other,

「Why don’t we sent a messenger? If we communicate with that city, the menace of the monsters will recede. Certainly, we can have benefits from short term trades. Then, we gain tax from defending tourist locations when people from other countries come along for tourism. In addition, if the safety is even more appealed, trade with the dwarven kingdom will become even more prosperous! 」

Marquis Muller, as the representative, replied.

Earl Hermann also nodded in response, to show his support.

Certainly, there is some truth. When Veldora disappeared, we can just take over the defenses like what we’ve done at home.

This is a welcoming idea, there’s no reason to crush it.

But, if they’re building trade routes, the fact they snatched the interest of our country is a different story.

Marques Muller and Earl Herrman has concerns about the forest defenses since their territory is bordering the forest. In addition, Marquis Muller’s territory is also bordering Burmund, so they have a good relationship.

With these reasons, that’s probably why they were against the monster subjugation.

Although, he might have received bribes from Burmund ……

However, one way or another, the decision was made.

Since he’s already the king, the future is in his hands. This had already filled his head with fame and fortune.

「I understand your reasons.

However, I ask you, can you trust a monster?

In the future, if the monsters suddenly attacked, who will take responsibility?

Will you, perhaps, take responsibility?

Your dear people, their lives and properties, will you protect them all?

The other party is a monster. They aren’t meant to coexist with us humans whose thoughts they can’t comprehend!

Think about it hard, has your thoughtlessness passed? 」

Such was asked with the intent to intimidate with oppression.

I asked the two men but their faces simply paled, being unable to reply.

That’s natural.

They are only humans, they can only trust each other that much as partners.

The king of the other party could be a fake, signing a contract with a body double would be a bad decision.

If I trust them, once everything is over there’ll be no going back.

If I sympathize with the monsters, I would be on edge about what might happen afterwards.

I knew from reading the report that the representative was a good-natured fellow, but it doesn’t seem like it’s listed anywhere in the reports.

A little trick was used to lure out any opposition. Even if someone opposes everything’s already decided.

Making sure there aren’t any more oppositions, the kings makes his move.

Thus in the name of the Farmas Kingdom, in order to subjugate the monster city known as “Tempest”, an army will be raised.

After the upper class nobles have left, the varlet returned accompanied by a man.

The man’s name, Reihumi.

It was the messenger whom Cardinal Nicolas sent.

「As expected, you have arrived, messenger-dono. Today, we have decided to raise an army. 」

「That’s very good. Cardinal will also be pleased! 」

「There were some nobles who voiced their opposition, however they were quelled in the end. 」

「This was to be expected. However, someone willing to protect the monsters, this is unexpected enough. Will you take care of such a person? 」

「N, No, and I don’t have the power. For such a thing……」

After greeting one another, the King brought up the main topic.

Unexpectedly, the messenger had a pair of profound pupils that are like a bottomless pit, glimpses of lunacy and an indescribable chill can be felt when one looks him in the eye.

As to raising the army of the Farmas Kingdom, the Church promised to see to reinforcement and aid.

That was all that was exchanged with the messager.

The messenger accepted this as a formal request. The church will dispatch troops dedicated to monster subjugation.

In term of battle prowess, there were 3000 professional muonster exterminators. In addition, they will also make a special exception and send out 1000 knights associated with the church.

The church knights will have magic swords as standard equipment, especially effective against monsters.

There were also many excellence individuals amongst the anti-monster units sent to assist.

Even evolved monster groups will be reduced to nothing but a disorderly mob under their might. Although their numbers are similar, the difference in quality is like a free player compared to a paid player.

ED: was about to put console compared to PC but realized I would be pelted to death.

TN: You must be quite the gamer despite your elegant appearance Yuuka san…

King Edomarisu King is relief to have such strong combat forces.

There were 5000 of his own knights, and 4000 from the church alongside them.

Perhaps, the mercenaries employed will not be below 3000.

Totaling the numbers, soldiers specialized in combat has become equal or more than 12,000. If you include in the females and the monster soldiers there’s approximately 10,000 more.

Now then, when this demon subjugation crusade is all over, he can probably have his way with his fame as the Hero king.

He will probably need to increase the donations sent to the church, but it’s a cheap price considering the profits he will soon have at hand.

The secret conversion between the king and the messenger continued onwards extensively.

Due to the flames of jealousy, his ambitions and desires, the brakes on his greed has ceased to work, a great evil will soon envelop Tempest.

.

.

.

.

.

.

Note: If you’re wondering why the females are not counted in the combat force: I believe they are there to raise “morale” *wink wink*.





Chapter 66: Chance Meeting


After sending Grucius back to Tempest, I tried to return myself but the skill wouldn’t activate.

What’s going on?

Grucius did just disappear in front of me a second ago, though…

These questions,

≪Announcement. You are inside a wide-range barrier. Transfer skills are sealed.≫

were answered by the『Great Sage』.

What?

I’m getting a bad feeling about this.

A feeling of impending doom that I have never felt before.

When Milim invaded, I did not feel any killing intent from her; so I was not that worried. But this time, all my senses are sounding the alarm.

Have I fallen into a trap?

I tried calling for Ranga from within my shadow, but he did not respond.

Seems like this barrier has completely isolated me from the outside world.

So it seems that I can neither call for aid nor escape.

The feeling of dread led to me to set up some things as insurance. At least I can still use my skills…

≪Announcement. You are inside a wide-range barrier. All magic energy manipulation abilities have been sealed.≫

What?!

That basically includes every type of magic that I use; even flame and lightning abilities have been sealed.

Moreover,『Steel Thread』and thread manipulation abilities have also been sealed.

So instead of thinking that I wandered into somebody’s hunting ground, I am the one who is being hunted?

They permitted Grucius departure in order not to fight both of us at once. Had I decided to leave first, though, they might not have waited.

In that case, they can probably sense the flow of my magic.

What could they be planning?

I take stance in response to a relentless killing intent, and wait for the enemy to appear. I am of course trying to dispel the barrier, but to do that I need the『Great Sage』to analyze it first.

However, these long range barriers require more time to be analyzed.

In other words, I’m in a pinch.

This was the first time I felt my heart beat faster out of anxiety.

It was anxiety that I have never felt since coming into the world.

That could have been the result of me changing into the slime, but chances are, it’s mostly due to the predictive abilities of the『Great Sage』.

Before I undertake anything, it can estimate the chances of me succeeding.

Which is why I have been able to face strong opponents fearlessly. Though they were strong, I could predict the outcome.

On the other hand, even facing certain defeat I did not feel anxious.

If I can’t win, I should just run away. If I can’t run away, let’s at least punch them once.

But none of that mattered in this case. Here, without knowing my opponent’s strength, I cannot predict the outcome.

However, I do feel their killing intent.

I don’t know whether I can win, and I cannot run away. Nor do I know how many enemies I am facing.

A few humans would be needed to set up a barrier this large.

However, 『Heat Perception』is detecting only a single body approaching;『Magic Perception』is not responding.

So if I turned into a slime, I would be essentially blind.

In other words, I have lost that amazing perceptive ability and cannot view the entire battlefield at once.

The moment I was caught in this barrier, my chances of winning have fallen significantly.

However, to go out of one’s way to seal an opponent’s abilities…

So it’s possible to fight like this. Moreover, the enemy doesn’t even realize that they have been separated from the outside world.

Clearly the work of someone who professionally hunts monsters.

Chances are, the barrier is at least 4 kilometers wide. It’s boundary is completely outside of my sight.

Their meticulousness is terrifying.

(Just who would do this, and why are they hunting me?)

When I thought that,

「Pleased to meet you, should I say? Though I won’t know you for long」

A single person walking towards me threw such words at me.

I thought so for a while now, but I feel like I’ve seen her somewhere.

A nostalgic feeling when looking at her.

She has beautiful, glossy black hair at about shoulder height, with the left side swept back and the right almost covering her eye.

She wears small round glasses, which could be described as her defining characteristic.

I wonder if she wears them out of fashion, since her eyes don’t seem particularly bad.

She wears dark clothing that’s easy to move around. However, by the quality of it, the clothing is clearly made for ceremonial occasions. Rather than a skirt, she wears pants.

Her body is bound by a robe, the kind the clergy wear, dyed black.

Though I am a fan of black myself, hers is an unnatural fascination with the color.

Her eyes, cold and cruel, display profound wisdom.

Other than the cold glare, she can only be described as beautiful

「Pleased to meet you, but do you have some business with me?

My name is Rimuru; could there be some misunderstanding here?」

It’s probably pointless, but no harm in trying.

She clearly has targeted me. There’s no way she made a mistake.

But even so, I’d rather not get killed because of a misunderstanding.

「Of course not, there is no mistake here.

Master of the Monster’s City. You know, it’s a bother.

So I decided to crush it.

Which is why your return would be a great inconvenience.

You understand, don’t you?」

Without any hesitation and as if bored, she explained herself.

“Ah, I see!” Isn’t something I can just say here.

But how does she know that I rule over Tempest?

「Why do you call me a monster, and some monsters’ city lord?

I’m just a normal adventurer, can’t you see?」

「Huh? Are you playing dumb?

Well, it’s no use. I have my sources.

I won’t tell you who, of course, but this much I’m certain about.

There are many “eyes” in the Royal Capital. You should be more prudent with your secrets.」

An informant, she says?

I have no idea who it could be. I would have noticed if I were being followed and I was careful with my contacts.

I don’t get it. Well, I do understand that she’s out to kill me, though.

This is really bad.

She is armed with a rapier hanging on her hip.

She isn’t wearing armor and appears rather carefree.

I can’t feel the presence of anyone else around, seems like the people who created the barrier will not be joining the fight.

They planned a certain-kill trap but only sent one person?

Or does that mean that she’s simply that powerful?

But this is not the time to be pondering these things. Tempest might be getting attacked this very moment.

After raising an army, it would take them about a week to reach the city.

How many days did it take Grucius to travel from Farmas Kingdom to Ingrasia Kingdom?

If he was running without rest, I’d say about three days.

The plan was for me to return immediately, but, as things stand, I can only lament my ignorance.

All I know is that I don’t have the time to fool around.

「Seems that even if I claimed that you’ve got the wrong person you won’t trust me, will you?」

「Nope. After all, I’ve heard that the master of the monsters is named “Rimuru”」

「Ah, is that so…」

She got me. To think that she has even heard of my name.

「Can we start now?」

「I’d prefer not to, but can I at least hear your name?」

I said to her, who was drawing her rapier.

The beauty tilted her neck, and said

「I haven’t told you, huh. Didn’t really care, so I forgot.

In that case, one more time.

I am the “Emperor’s Personal Knights Battalion” Knights Captain.

Sakaguchi Hinata is the name.

Our acquaintanceship shall be short, and not a pleasant one.」





She drew the rapier.

Seven jewels adorned the hilt of her silver blade.

Crimson magic enveloped it. A Magic sword, it seems.

But to think that she is Sakaguchi Hinata…

I heard that she was the ultimate pragmatist who doesn’t like to follow through.

That seems to be a misconception. She learned about me, and everything regarding my city.

But, more importantly.

I still have to “thank” her for having messed with the kids.

Thank goodness she’s intending to fight. I can mercilessly crush her.

But just for the sake of time, if I can negotiate out of this, I will.

So while drawing my sword,

「Hinata, you say? Wait a second, I’ve been meaning to talk to you!」

「I don’t know what a monster could possibly mean to tell me, but I’m not planning to listen.」

「Wait, I said. You’re Japanese, and so am I. Shizu-san has asked me to look…」

「I know. That you killed Shizu-sensei. So this is revenge.

Besides, a monster being a Japanese? What a ridiculous thing you say, don’t try to make me laugh」

Doesn’t seem like she’ll believe me.

Right! I thought of a way and,

「I’ve been telling you: I’m Japanese! I died over there and reincarnated as a slime in this world!」

I said, in Japanese.

Surprise colored her face.

「How skillful… where have you learned those words?

But, that’s not how this works. The chance of that occurring is astronomically low.

Moreover, the chance that such a person is talking to me right now on top of that makes it impossible.

In other words, there’s no need to even consider your words.」

She completely disregards anything I’ll say.

I had thought she may believe if a monster suddenly starts speaking Japanese, but…

「So you are planning to fight no matter what, huh?

Well, then let me pay you back for messing with the kids!

And besides, do you think that you’ll be enough to defeat me?」

I declared.

Even if she is a “World Traveler”, I possess the power rivaling demon lords.

No matter how far my abilities have been restricted, I can hardly imagine losing to her.

Is what I thought, but…

「Hmm? What kids are you talking about?

Besides, I’m surprised. Are you honestly thinking that you can win against me in this barrier?」

She smiled in amusement and whispered the response.

In the next moment, seven rainbow colored lights shot out from her sword.

A series of high speed thrusts. The afterimage matches the color of the jewels?

I tried to avoid it, but my body felt heavy.

Seriously! Even physical abilities are restricted.

In spite of my attempts, I was hit thrice.

A burning pain ran through my body. Pain? I felt something I should be resistant to.

「Hmm? Not all of them hit I see.

I am impressed by your evasive abilities. I wonder how far you can go?」

Without giving me a second to rest, she resumed her onslaught.

I tried blocking the hits with my sword. But as if her thrusts were passing through the sword, I was hit again.

Feeling imminent danger, I jumped away from her.

Thus, I was hit four times. Somehow, I feel that taking any more hits is dangerous.

「Oh, have you noticed this skill’s powers?

There have been plenty of fools who have perished without offering even a hint of resistance…

Seems like you’re a bit brighter than the rest」

With a small nod, she complimented me.

Not that it makes me happy.

This skill probably transmits pain not to the nerves, but directly to the soul. So there’s no way to guard against it.

The fact that there is not a single wound on my body is proof.

I had the『Great Sage』run some predictions based on my observations. It seems that I will die if I get hit thrice more.

Not the death of the flesh but of the soul itself.

What an absurd skill. But I can’t be certain whether this is a skill or an ability of the magic sword.

Honestly, seems like I was underestimating my opponent too much.

Sakaguchi Hinata. She definitely has a unique skill.

On top of not knowing what it is, the fact that my abilities are sealed put me at a great disadvantage in this fight.

In fact, I probably should have attempted escaping since the moment I found out I was trapped inside the barrier.

Though whether I could escape or not…

I’m constantly a step behind.

From what I tried out, neither『Black Flame』,『Black Lightning』, nor『Barrier』 can be used.

Moreover, since『Cloning』,『Devil Transformation』, and『Fire Change』are also magic energy manipulation abilities, I can’t even transform.

All my certain-win skills having been sealed without even having a chance to put them to use.

Not that I am completely defenseless, though.

「Fumu. What are you planning, I wonder.

It’s useless, you know?

A rank monsters trapped in the Holy Barrier cannot live for long.

C rank monsters are immediately purified.

Don’t you understand? The barrier purifies magical energy itself.

Therefore, high level monsters like you lose most of your power and cannot fight as you normally would.

It is the strongest barrier the church has against you monsters.

Normally, it is used for Disaster Class A rank monsters and above…

Oh and you said that I wouldn’t be enough to kill you, but there was hardly a need for me to come out.

It’s overkill.

But, I guess I did want to try talking to you once.

Since you killed Shizu-sensei.

Perhaps not revenge, but she would have wanted me to kill you, no?」

「I did technically kill Shizu-san, but that was…」

「That was? Doesn’t matter. She was the only person who was nice to me in the whole world. And now she is gone…」

Not a feeling I myself understand. She murmured and looked at me.

Her eyes simply declare me as her prey.

After showing such an overwhelming difference, she stands motionless.

Her confidence probably comes from the power she has just displayed.

And, if I trust what she is saying, my chances of victory inside the barrier are next to none.

If I don’t dispel it, I will certainly lose.

But, she believes me to be Shizu-san’s nemesis? That I don’t get.

Since a while ago, something about her conversation seems off.

But there’s no time for that.

If anything, I mostly worry about…

「This barrier can only be created by the Holy Knights. So don’t worry.

The ones sent to your city cannot use it.

But, creating a weak barrier is part of our curriculum, so they will create a weak one.

Before long, you’ll lose a place to return to, you see?

Not that you’ll be able to return」

As I thought; if they use such a barrier to attack Tempest, my friends will be in danger.

They are an opponent we must immediately crush. But how unexpectedly annoying they are!

My only option is to use attacks that don’t use magical energy.

That is–the sword and unique skills.

Her sword hand is superior to mine. My physical strength is slowly falling–that much is true–but she hasn’t shown her true skill yet either.

I don’t want to believe it, but I feel the same pressure from her that I do from Hakurou.

Which is why I have to depend on unique skills to defeat her.

That wasn’t something I wanted to reveal. I am hesitant to use it, but I have no choice.

First, I raised my abilities using〈Fighting Spirit Technique〉. Moreover, I activated『Herculean Strength』.

As expected, I can use skills that don’t rely on magical energy.

「Isn’t it too early to think that you have won?」

I readied my sword and went on the offensive.

Thanks to Hakurou’s guidance, I have gotten rather good with the sword.

Maybe out of surprise, but Hinata went on the defense.

No… she’s just being careful.

Her eyes. They are the eyes of a chef looking at a fish on the cutting board.

That’s no surprise, she is analyzing my attacks and looking for a weakness. Nor is that pride–she looks uninterested, as if doing her job.

Nor were her previous words fueled by pride, but by raw calculation.

That sending her against me is overkill is mere truth to her.

She was not looking down on me in the slightest…

Even now, as she observes my movements, she is making predictions. To my superior speed she is offering the perfect response.

This feels as if I were fighting the『Great Sage』instead of her.

When she received a hit from the sword strengthened by『Herculean Strength』I understood.

The overwhelming difference between us.

Though the tip of the sword has almost reached the speed of sound, she has yet to be wounded.

She is able to perfectly read my attacks.

And in order to do that, you’d have to be as proficient as Hakurou.

The second I lost my balance, she landed two more hits with deadly precision.

「Oh? Is this the end?

But, yeah. Being able to move that well in this barrier is commendable.

Honestly, I looked down on you. But even now, you can’t win against me.

You’ve held up well, until now, that is. You have already received six hits.

The special ability of the sword, Dead End Rainbow, bestows certain death upon an opponent it has struck seven times.

There was no need to teach you this, but you wouldn’t be able to pass on without knowing what killed you, would you?」

She said.

The truth as she saw it. And make no mistake, that’s is the truth since I saw it as well.

But, though she masquerades it as an act of kindness, she really intends to instill fear in me and push me into making a mistake.

She is perfectly prudent. Meaning there is no other reason for her to teach me this.

Even with my abilities sealed I had thought I would manage somehow, but she’s the worst opponent for me.

An opponent who knows neither pride nor negligence. One that would use her best hand to win.

And, she kept analyzing my abilities while fighting; yet being so sure of her victory, she has yet to neglect to continue analyzing.

The situation was simply that hopeless. Never had I thought I’d face such a hopeless situation.

Even with the limitless Milim I could imagine a thing or two to do. Not that I’d win, of course…

「Then I’ll continue this pointless struggle.

I am not so obedient that I’d just roll over and die when asked!」

I respond, and try something I have yet to use.

That is, spirit summoning. Spirits are something other than magical energy.

While I cannot summon a spirit without making a contract, I can call forth the one resting inside me.

≪Solution. The High Spirit Ifrit has been separated from the『Shapeshifter』skill.≫

Seems like it was a success.

I could allow this spirits skills to change, resulting in various types of magical abilities, but not this time.

The reason is: I fear it won’t reach her.

Unfortunately, she is not the type of an opponent to fall for petty tricks.

If I don’t go all out in one shot, I cannot win.

「Serve thy purpose, Fire Spirit Ifrit!!!」

At my call, the Ifrit materialized.

A magical energy link was established between the Ifrit and I, resulting in magical energy flowing from me to him.

Thus, my energy was finally put into some use.

However, that was not the reason why I called him out.

Ifrit began his attack. Thus, she should be too occupied to attack me.

As expected, she is busy fighting with the Ifrit.

Thus, I could launch some attacks on her,

「Oh? To even be able to summon high level spirits, how unexpected; but, that’s not enough to defeat me」

She declared facing me, interrupting my attack.

Ifrit is a high ranking spirit.

Even if we are inside the Holy Barrier, spirits are natural energy and are unaffected.

Since this is a barrier of holy power.

Even if that was not the case, Ifrit, who surpasses A rank, would not be defeated by it.

However…

By the looks of it, Ifrit is looking back, crouching. As if he were defying my orders.

「You, what did you do?」

「I’ll answer if you tell me what you were planning to do?」

The air tensed between us.

「Return, Ifrit!」

Hearing that call, Ifrit disappeared, and returned back inside of me.

≪Solution. Ifrit was subjected to a Forced Control Ability

The opponent probably attempted to steal Ifrit away≫

Forced control ability? So her power is to take away…

This World Traveler Sakaguchi Hinata is a monster far exceeding my predictions.

I was blinded by the barrier, thinking that it was the reason for the close battle, but that was a mistake.

In fact, the barrier is merely there to make me believe that and let my guard down.

Did I really believe I could defeat her!

A lovely smile appears on her face.

What a terrifying enemy she is.

She has yet to use all her strength–that much I am sure of.

「You… tried to snatch Ifrit away, huh…?」

「Oh? How did you know?

Since you found out, I’ll let you know.

You’re right. It’s thanks to my unique skill『Usurper』」

Unique skill『Usurper』she says…

The ability to take away the strength of one’s enemies and their spirits! Similar to my『Predator』.

But she does so without having to analyze the abilities, so it’s more battle oriented.

I see, so fighting “World Travelers” will inevitably lead to a clash between unique abilities, huh…

It’s guaranteed for summoned ones, but seems like World Travelers can also acquire one.

Actually, no; I should expect the most powerful individuals in this world to possess a unique skill.

The fact that I didn’t consider that before only shows my immaturity.

I see, that’s why Hinata has been observing me the whole time. A textbook fighting method.

Just shows how much more fighting experience she has.

While I am unsure whether her ability is superior to mine, her use of it probably is.

I can’t win without betting my very existence here.

However, I will lose after taking one more hit.

She even so easily crushed my Ifrit trump card, so I have only one thing left to do.

It’s not something I want to use, but I have no choice here.

I have no idea what will happen as a result, or whether it will reach the barrier…

But I have to try.

「Hinata, we have yet many things to discuss, but I don’t have enough time.

I’m sorry, but we’ll have to settle this next time」

「Still haven’t given up? Well, be my guest…

Rest easy.

The last attack will be on a completely different level of pain than the rest.」

She looked at me one last time,

(Oi, I leave the rest to you『Great Sage』!)

≪Understood. Order has been received. After confirming the situation, I will execute command≫

I am impaled by last attack

「Die! Dead End Rainbow!」

「Awaken,『Gluttony』!!!」

After shouting that order, my consciousness fell into seemingly endless darkness.

As if falling asleep, I fell unconscious.

＊　＊　＊

At the same moment as the rapier pierced Rimuru’s flesh,『Gluttony』awakened on commend.

The awakened demon, stared at the rapier stuck in his flesh, and began to change.

Hinata quickly noticed Rimuru’s change and was on her guard.

She felt the sword grow heavy in her hand.

For some reason, she decided to let it go; little did she know that this decision saved her life.

A pale blue light enveloped the rapier down to the hilt.

In front of her eyes, Rimuru began to change, but collapsed without taking a form.

After all, the barrier prevented any kind of change caused by magic manipulation. Transformation was included in that list.

But, that being didn’t care–it moved towards her formless.

While swallowing everything in its wake.

Dangerous! Hinata felt.

It’s hard to believe, but it’s absorbing the very environment.

Had she been a second late releasing that sword, she would have been swallowed whole already.

But it kept targeting Hinata, moving on sound, heat, and smell alone.

Unbelievable. She murmured.

In the first place, Dead End Rainbow is as advertised–it destroys the opponents soul after seven hits.

Nonetheless…

This being will not die, as it does not have a soul.

Since coming to this world, she has discerned the three layers of souls.

The soul–the source of power for humans and monsters.

Cloaking themselves in their souls, the most brittle existence, the astral bodies

Establishing themselves in power, spiritual bodies

Those who have a direct connection to this world, material bodies

The soul is the entity itself, there is no “being” outside of it.

Any kind of consideration requires the presence of an astral body.

Of course, should it be based on astral body alone, the being will dissipate into thin air.

So a medium to record the memories is needed–spiritual body.

However, spiritual body preserves kind of like virtual memory, hence cannot serve as a permanent medium.

Hence the flesh.

So for those with tempered souls, should they even sustain brain damage, recovery of certain memories becomes possible.

And, there are monsters who live with only a soul. That kind of being, however, is inferior to the rest.

But, even if it is but a soul, should it obtain some level of intelligence, it will be recognized as a monster.

These are what the world knows as the four dragons, the highest form of being.

But, even this special race requires a soul. So what is happening before her now completely escapes her understanding.

For the first time ever, Hinata felt anxiety.

The only thing she could think of…

Would this no longer be a life-form?

At the very least, it has certainly exceeded the definition of “life” of this world.

Yet before her eyes, it continuously tried to take shape. Right now, it looked like a slime.

No, Hinata thought, it was a slime to begin with.

What was now before her was far more sinister–devouring all life insight.

It wasn’t something she could quickly defeat. But that doesn’t mean it wasn’t something she couldn’t defeat.

Her weapon, however, crumbling before her eyes,

「Astral Bind!」

She took out an amulet from her bag, and erected another barrier with it.

One that binds not the flesh, but every level of one’s soul.

However, the slime continued to move.

As I thought…

Thus, Hinata concluded that the slime before her was but Rimuru’s empty husk.

The result of the last works Rimuru called out–Gluttony, was it?

Probably, though his soul was destroyed he activated some kind of program to defeat his opponent…

In that case, this is simple.

If it doesn’t have a soul, it’s hardly an enemy. All you need to do is stop the body from moving.

Of course, she still needed to watch out for getting caught and devoured by this half-baked thing.

「Oh my. You are a pain even after death… I hate you.

But, if I don’t erase what you have become, I fear you’ll wreak havoc upon the world…」

She grumbled to herself, while coming up with a plan.

The point was to stop it’s movements. Having so decided, Hinata started to summon spirits.

The myriad of spirits attacked the slime as a flood.

Normally, she’d summon a demon, but that wouldn’t be possible within the Holy Barrier.

So while she did feel bad for the Spirits, they’d have to go out and die.

While confirming that the spirits have occupied the slime, Hinata began to chant a grand spell.

Thanks to her ability『Mathematician』she can normally ignore the chant, but this time was different.

The magic that she could use within the barrier belong to〈Incantation〉and〈Spirit Magic〉as these do not rely directly on magical energy.

The magic that she is planning to use is the ultimate attack magic from the〈Divine Magic〉archive.

The atheist Hinata was praying to a god.

Finding this very fact ironic, Hinata hated this magic. However, her preferences aside, the magic that Hinata knows, the strongest among it, is limited to the ones taught by the church.

Her hands stretched out in front of her, one is drawing some complicated symbols in the air, while the other is drawing geometric shapes.

After quickly weaving such a complicated spell, a completed magic circle was now before her.

The decorative glasses have by now fallen off her face, and,

「I lift my prayers to the heavens. I ask, for a holy strength.

I beg, for my prayer to be heard.

Upon all of creation! Disintegration!!!」

A power befitting a god.

Though it’s not an area attack, since it targets everything from the atom to the soul, it is considered the strongest anti-personnel magic.

Upon completing the chant, a brilliant white light shot out from her hands.

A blinding light.

It traveled to the target at a speed of 300,000 km/s. Equal to the speed of light.

The skill completely vaporizes the target via holy energy. The down-side–it requires a long time to prepare.

Amidst a magic fight, or a duel, it is not a power you can use. Moreover, it requires a large amount of energy to use, and can be used at most once per day.

However, there is not a single being who could withstand this attack.

Now, the hideous slime, who barely feels any damage from the environment, has disappeared without a trace.

This is also a skill which only erases its target.

「It’s over, huh… you were harder than expected」

Hinata sighed in relief, and so muttered.

Using spirits she notified the Holy Barrier knights squad to dispel it.

She had originally thought that there was no need to erect it, but the informant insisted that it was necessary.

Had she fought without it…

She thought not further. She refused to consider meaningless possibilities.

Moreover…

She was busy thinking about what the slime Rimuru has said.

The kids? What was that about?

Ah, whatever. Thinking about it wouldn’t help. What can she do about something she has never heard of?

After confirming that the barrier has been dispelled, Hinata thought about the future.

Would she be able to gain complete control of Tempest if she set off for the city?

First is information gathering.

She decided to first learn of the subjugation team’s progress, so she returned to the church.

By now, the monster named Rimuru was completely forgotten.

Whether they were strong or weak, there’s no use thinking about something that was erased.

The chance that the monster was still alive was completely ignored by her.

That is the secret to her strength and her greatest weakness, though she herself is unaware of the fact.

Hinata’s only thought at the time was「I need a new sword」

And thus she left.





Chapter 67: Forest Assailants


When I confirmed that the barrier has indeed fallen, I decided to finally come out.

At the exact same moment,

「Are you well, my master!」

Ranga worriedly jumped out of the shadow.

“No problems”, I tell him while confirming the state of my body.

Seems like I’m okay, the skill returned to what it originally was.

Seriously, what a screwed up tale this has become.

What a horrible person she is! Picking a fight without even hearing what I had to say… well, I did play along, though.

But, contrary to my expectations, I was defeated…

No, not defeated. They do say that escape is also a victory.

“Wise men steer clear of trouble” they say.

As I thought… devoting myself to escape was the correct decision.

Since I only tried to escape, now that I have, this is my victory!.. That’s a little painful to say.

So let’s call it a draw.

This was a really close call. I was able to survive thanks to the insurance I set up before hand, but this was almost the end of me.

Since I felt overwhelmingly disadvantageous, I created a clone and planned my escape.

Had I used magic energy to make it, she would have found out; so, instead, I physically separated a piece of my slime body and sent that away.

I was able to escape thanks to the minimal activity state and thus avoided being affected by the battle, but it was still a pain.

Had she foreseen my ability to split this way, that would have been the end…

But since she didn’t know all of my abilities, she couldn’t plan that far.

And I guess no one would plan for it by default. Thus, I was saved.

I timidly left the battlefield, and reached what used to be the boundary of the barrier, and thus lost some time.

I’d die if Hinata spotted me, so I devoted all my intention to hiding my presence. As a result, I was able to successfully escape, albeit with difficulty.

However… Hinata is way too strong!

With that strength she doesn’t need a barrier… but she still goes out of her way to use it just in case. Seriously! Cut me some slack, will you?!

This time, I couldn’t even scratch her. She didn’t even see a reason to wear armor…

Are all world travelers and summoned ones that strong?

Seems like there are many skills for me to snatch away.

By the way, this fight’s harvest includes Hinata’s rapier, the skill she used, and data on her magic.

Even in Gluttony’s rampage mode,『Great Sage』kept up the data link.

I also ordered it to record data for future reference. Honestly, I didn’t believe I could win from the start.

Moreover, “Disintegration” is so powerful it sent chills down my back. You can’t protect yourself against that.

Even a multiple layer barrier will be pierced resulting in death. No joke.

I’m really fortunate to have seen it. So in face of such magic, the only thing you can do is to run away or to interfere with the drawing of the magic circle.

It would have been great if I could absorb and analyze it, but I had no such chance.

Life isn’t that easy.

The moment I “saw” it, the data link was severed. And just receiving feedback from the clone made me feel dizzy.

From what I saw, you can’t evade it. Chances are, the target is marked by spell; so unless you dispel the barrier, you’re a goner.

Could Milim endure it? Let’s ask her the next time we meet.

That’s how much data I was able to acquire this time around. You could even say that this was my victory.

But let’s just call it a draw.

No! I’m not being a sore loser!

This isn’t the time for jokes.

I worry about Tempest.

I tried transferring to Tempest. By the way, though I can feel the destination, I don’t feel a response from it.

That’s bad, isn’t it… is this the weak barrier that Hinata spoke of?

I should return as quick as possible.

「Off we go!」

I said to Ranga.

And, with a heavy heart, I transferred to the Cave of the Seal.

In front of the cave, which was just outside the barrier, gathered Gabil and his troops.

When he saw me,

「Oh! Rimuru-sama, we are in trouble!」

He called out.

Seems like my fears were coming true. I can only lament the time I lost fighting with Hinata.

I have no time to chat here. Having so decided, I established a telepathic link with Gabil’s group.

And, while thus conversing, hurried into Tempest.

This time, I forcefully accelerated their mental abilities, allowing them to report within a moment. As a result, I unfortunately put Gabil in charge, but this is the wrong time to mind such decisions.

Thanks to this I got a feel for the situation.

Here’s what happened.

About an hour ago, a report came in.

They spoke via spirit communicators, and were thus able to hear the news.

A number of assailants have come, it said.

Souei intended to find out their identity via shadow step, but he couldn’t use it.

Moreover, telepathy stopped working.

So, though slightly panicked, they remembered about the spirit communicators.

Created as a spare, we were fortunate that it allowed conversation between the cave and the city.

According to the information Gabil heard, the adventurers were also in a state of panic.

And, approximately 15 minutes ago, the reports stopped coming.

So Gabil told me.

Gabil’s group was ordered to protect the cave by Rigurdo.

But they were very worried about the city so were arguing whether or not to send a scout.

To send or not to send–they couldn’t get their priorities straight which resulted in a split of opinion.

(Alright, I got it. You guys retreat and protect the cave.

Please capture the invaders without killing them)

(Ay! By the way, Bester-dono is asking whether he can make a trip to the Dwarf Kingdom?)

(Ah, have him wait for a bit. When the situation becomes clearer I don’t particularly mind, but right now is no good)

(Understood! Please take care of yourself!)

The telepathic link was cut.

15 minutes, huh…

Had it not been for Hinata’s meddling, I would have made it.

Steeling my heart, I shadow step closer to the city. Chances are if I leap into the city, I won’t be able to leave the shadow.

So I leap close enough to fly to it.

That leap I was able to make without a problem. And〈Flying Magic〉set at highest speed, I headed for the city.

The barrier spread around the city put up a resistance. But, holding my left hand in front of me, I absorbed a part of the barrier and thus broke through.

After successfully entering the city I felt the barrier mend behind me.

Inside, the magic concentration has dropped significantly, but magic energy properly flows.

This barrier is clearly inferior to the Holy Barrier used against me.

What a relief…

After entering the city premises I hurry to the center square.

A large crowd has gathered in the city; their faces gloomy.

Something happened it seems. My heart quickened in anxiety.

After noticing my arrival, the group opened a path and knelt before me. And, in this state, a few people appeared before me.

Rigurdo and Kaijin.

「Rimuru-sama, we are overjoyed that you have returned to us. There are matters we must hear your opinion on, so please come this way…」

They are… preventing me from continuing forward?

Seems like there’s something up ahead. I have a bad feeling about this.

「Rigurdo, Kaijin. Move of out the way. What happened?」

「N-nothing. Some small problems here and there, so for now…」

「Don’t try to hide it. Move」

At my command, the people timidly cleared the way.

What appeared before me, that scene.

Countless monsters lay there.

Men, women, and even children.

Appearing as if they were sleeping…

All dead.

Why has…

I can’t feel my feet.

What is this, what has…? No good, I can’t think straight.

A total of 100 friends lay before me.

Eh… all… are dead? You’re lying, aren’t you?!

My mind doesn’t focus. Though I have no need for it, I feel out of breath.

Though I lack a heart, it beats violently in my chest.

「What is this, what happened?」

My voice escaped my lips.

A cold voice that can be heard from far away.

I felt my heart grow cold.

Rigurdo explained to the trembling me,

「A while ago, we were attacked by a group which identified themselves as the followers of the Western Saint’s Church.

We suddenly lost contact with other groups, and due to the sudden lethargy we felt…

Furthermore, we were attacked by a group which disguised themselves as adventurers.」

Western Saint’s Church… the group Hinata spoke of arrived faster than I expected.

Next, a Hobgoblin elder continued

「As you have ordered, we welcomed the humans with respect without harming them…」

「F-fool! Are you trying to say this is Rimuru-sama’s fault!」

Rigurdo countered, enraged.

「P-please forgive me! I meant no such…」

A distant apology resounded, but it did not reach my heart.

I see, my order, my words caused this…

I am a monster.

… who used to be a human.

I just wanted to get along with humans.

… reality is far more cruel.

Then what should I be doing!!!

… who knows? Think for yourself.

A voice rang inside my head, denying responsibility.

But I will not permit it. I am the cause of this tragedy; the responsibility is mine.

I felt extreme regret and bottomless anger well-up within my heart.

…………

…….

…

Calling a conference of elders, we reconfirm the situation.

Even in this shaken state, my mind was able to properly assess the situation.

First, there were ten assailants.

In ten minutes, they were able to kill a hundred of us.

By the looks of it, the group that set up the barrier remained outside of it, so their actual numbers are unconfirmed.

This is what they said,

「The West Saint’s Church has condemned this city as a den of monsters.

Within a week, along with the Farmas Kingdom, we shall cleanse this land.

We are lead by the great hero, King Edomarisu!

If you choose to surrender, we shall guarantee your lives and existence in the name of our god.

Cease the pointless struggle, and surrender.

Otherwise, only death awaits you!

Oh wise adventurers! You should know with whom justice lies.

We hope you shall choose wisely. That is all!」

They said, and ran out.

And while screaming so they mercilessly slaughtered women and children…

Benimaru seemed like he had something to say, but was holding it in… his face clearly in pain.

But for them, who are in charge of taking care of the city, such a thing would never had occurred were it not for my order.

My words have caused this tragedy.

「The adventurers who have come here?」

「Next door…」

We came over.

A number of traders were there, totaling about 50 men.

They said,

「About this, please…」

「We can fathom the reason behind Farmas Kingdom’s aggression, but we the adventurers have come to like this place.

We cannot accept the methods the Farmas Kingdom has employed.

They said they will come to attack, would you let us help prepare the ambush?」

「However, to make an enemy out of the church… what an unpleasant tale this has become」

And other such lines.

I can feel their attentiveness towards our suffering.

Feeling gratitude for their words,

「I appreciate the sentiment, but we will clean this mess up by ourselves this time.

Rather, I would like you to bring news of this back as soon as possible」

「In that case, shouldn’t we just send a messenger?」

「That’s no good…」

「Why?」

I explain my thoughts.

Rather, what I suspect the people lying in wait are thinking.

That we are blood thirsty monsters. They will kill the messenger themselves and pin the blame on us.

So I tell them,

「… I see. That does make sense, but would they go so far?」

「The church which stands for justice?」

「No way…」

They replied.

But,

「No, wait a second. I remembered!

Those guys might have been the infamous Blood Shadows.

Remember how they even killed children without any hesitation?」

「What? Ah, that rumor, huh…?」

「I see. That does seem like their work…」

「Are you kidding me? To think they actually existed…」

「Even though a declaration of war immediately followed?」

「Well, that’s just what you’d expect from Blood Shadows」

「Considering that their enemies are monsters… ah, my bad」

They suddenly got noisy.

Seems like there’s a rumor about a secret squad serving the church.

A group that would laugh amidst a slaughter–fanatics.

But if that’s the case, then we’ve got a troublesome opponent on our hands.

So, because we are monsters, they aren’t recognizing us as a country but simply treating this as a subjugation request…

Which is why the adventurers should all leave right now.

If they stay behind and die, they’ll claim that we had done it.

When I so told them, they reluctantly agreed.

So we had them quickly pack up and prepare to leave the city.

Rigurdo offered them to use our carts and wagons.

Thus, with many parting words, we saw off our guests from Brumund Kingdom.

They promised to let the country know and come back with reinforcements.

But, will that happen?

A single country could hardly make an enemy of the church.

I don’t expect much from them. Not that we need the help.

This is this country’s problem; all I have to do is slaughter the perpetrators.

Personally.

After all, if I don’t do anything, the pain and wrath that fills my heart will not subside…

Having confirmed their departure, I asked Rigurdo about something that has been bothering me for a while.

「By the way, where’s Shion?

I haven’t seen her yet」

Upon hearing these words, not just Rigurdo, but Benimaru, Souei, Hakurou, and Shuna all suddenly stopped moving.

What’s with their reaction…

No way… could it be…?

「That idiot didn’t go for revenge on her own, did she?」

「N-no… about that…」

Hmm? Something’s strange here.

They are averting their eyes.

「Then where is she?」

No one answered.

If I look closely, Shuna is stifling tears.

I’ve got a bad feeling about this.

Dread creeps up from the dark corners of my mind. But there’s no way, please tell me that there’s no way…

「I got it. I won’t be mad, so just tell me where she is…」

I ask from Shuna.

「I understand… this way, I’ll lead the way.」

Nodding at Benimaru’s words, I follow him.

To the center square.

There was a girl lying among the fallen.

Covered with a white cloth that didn’t stand out from the rest.

So that I wouldn’t notice–it did not stand out.

Haha, to think that I haven’t noticed… I can’t laugh.

Open your eyes…

I can’t believe this.

Please open your eyes…

This can’t be happening.

Why? Why has this…

Shion protected a child…,

The magic energy concentration dropped…,

So her strength had fallen…,

Shion was always bad with barriers…,

And the sword that slashed her was the Ogre Eater magic sword…





The explanation was given, but I did not want to hear.

My heart simply refused to listen.

Shion, please open your eyes…

I want to cry but can’t.

Though my heart has been torn to shreds, this body does not feel the need to cry.

I see… I am a monster after all.

Somehow, I was pleased with that realization.

「Sorry. Can you leave me alone for a bit…」

At these words they all dispersed.

For a bit, Shuna hugged me while crying… but then followed the rest.

Yeah.

I want to be alone.

I don’t get myself.

Though I feel insanity creeping in, my mind horribly calm.

Extreme sadness, regret, wrath.

These feelings mixed inside of me seeking an outlet.

Why has this…

≪Solution. Impossible to calculate. Impossible to understand. Reply impossible.≫

What action would have been just?

≪Solution. Impossible to calculate. Impossible to understand. Reply impossible.≫

Was it a mistake to head to a human city?

≪Solution. Impossible to calculate. Impossible to understand. Reply impossible.≫

Hey… was I wrong?

≪Solution. Impossible to calculate. Impossible to understand. Reply impossible.≫

Behold, the great『Great Sage』is unable to answer.

Screwing with me…

If this weren’t my city… I would let my anger rage, I would trample everything in my path…

Stop screwing with me…

To steal someone important from me…

If I think about it, this is the first time I lost someone close to me.

Someone who hasn’t lost anyone cannot comprehend the depth of this sadness.

Now, for the first time, I felt pain far surpassing the tearing of flesh.

Pain resistant? What a joke… it’s useless.

From within me, strong magical energy surged along with my emotions.

Unable to withstand it, a crack appeared in the anti-demon mask.

Now appearing as if a tear was flowing down my face…

And then night came unannounced.

I look up at the moon.

What should I do?

There’s no answer. Though my head is clear, I can’t think of anything.

I kept looking at the moon searching for an answer.

But none was given to me.

Still… as if I were a fool, I continued this meaningless act.

The light of the moon could not reach me.





Chapter 68: Soul and Hope


3 days have passed.

Shion hasn’t woken up yet.

I think she sleeps too much. Really, I wish she would stop doing such a thing.

……

No, I know.

I know she will never open her eyes again.

However, I did not want to admit it.

I wish she could always fool around and making her usual crap and unpleasant cooking.

But, such wishes will not come true.

Because a dead person will never come back again.....

《Notification. The analysis of the barrier that covers the surroundings had ended.

Cancellation is possible. Do you want to execute it? YES/NO 》

No, you may not execute it yet.

It seems that the analysis of the barrier by『Great Sage』had ended.

It took more time than I thought; perhaps it’s due to the size of the barrier, which covers the whole city. It might have been because I ate a part of the barrier earlier that I was able to completely analyze it.

Whatever.....

The barrier too, I don’t care anymore.

What is the result of the other investigation?

《Notification. The search result, not found. Magic related to reviving the dead was not discovered.》

Is that so.....?

No, that might be so.

There's no way such convenient magic can be discovered so easily. It's only natural.

But perhaps there could be another way... couldn't there be?

It's useless to think about it. Even if this is a struggle in vain, I won't give up on it.

Shion hasn't opened her eyes.

Isn’t it natural for her to sleep.....?

However, I will muster all my abilities and I will find out whether there is a way or not.

With my magic power I shall protect her body. And not just Shion's, but also the bodies of all the people that sleep here.

This way their bodies will not decompose.

Their bodies will be sustained by magic power, they will never disappear.

It might a be useless thing to do. However, I’m still hung up on revival.

But, still no results.

According to the magic book I obtained from the school, Revival magic doesn't exist.

Is that so? I expected as much.

I’m praying that you all will awake someday, so please sleep inside me for the time being.

So I thought, as I try to absorb everyone.

「Danna, I’m sorry.... I’m late.」

「Rimuru-Danna, how should I put it?.....」

While calling out to me, some people are approaching.

Just give me a moment. I immediately get back on my feet..

Or so I thought,

「Rimuru-san, you see....

Although the possibilities are still low...., erm, more like zero actually.....

There are several fairy tales about reviving the dead.」

Hearing those words, I feel my alienated mind struck back with a click.

I could sense my mind return to my body.

「Please tell me the details, Ellen」

I turn around and face the three adventurers.

As long as there is a possibility, I will not hesitate to take it.

Ellen nods, and begins her stories....

.............

..........

......

I heard Ellen’s stories.

Although they are only fairy tales, they seem to be based off of real events.

The first story went like this:

The Legend of A Girl and Her Pet Dragon.

Once upon a time there was a girl who helplessly watched her Dragon die. The Girl lamented the death of her pet dragon who was her sole friend, and in her fit of rage she, alone, destroyed the country responsible for the death of her dragon.

In that country resided 10,000 souls.

Thus, the girl evolved into a Demon Lord. And at that moment, a miracle occurred.

The girl’s soul became connected to the Dragon’s. As the girl evolved, so did the dragon.

However, the miracle only reached that far before it had ended.

The dragon’s soul had already disappeared when it died. Lacking a soul it revived as a wicked chaos dragon.

As if it was answering the girls wish to bring calamity to the world, it transformed into a wicked dragon.

When she awoke from her fit of rage the girl had become a demon lord. Even though she was grieving, she made the decision to personally seal the chaos dragon who was both her pet and sole friend.

And so, the story ends with the girl sealing the dragon.





Besides that one, there was a story about a vampire girl who revived after her blood was drained, and one about a spirit magician who was brought back to life. In every story the character who was revived suffered a great change in their personality, like they had become a completely different person.

These had been written in prohibited and forbidden books.

The only copy of these books exist in the Secret Library of Sorcery Dynasty of Sarion.

But, it doesn’t matter.

So the problem now....

is evolution, huh?

It’s a fact that the evolution of a monster is vague. Just having a name is something significant.

Isn’t there a possibility? That if I also became a Demon Lord......

However, it’s meaningless if the monster lacks a soul... but...

No, wait! Currently there is a barrier surrounding this area that no monster can pass through.

If you really think about it... isn’t there also a possibility that the soul won’t become dispersed?

《Solution. The possibility that Shion’s and the others’ souls still exist is 3.14%》

Isn’t that Pi (π)! Uh, not that...

The possibility sounds low, but to me it sounds tremendously high.

There is a 3% probability to revive them from the dead; it’s something to be believed in.

After all, I won't believe that the stubborn Shion can die just like that. I must bear it.

At last I see hope. Now, the problem is how to accomplish this!

Whether or not it’s possible for me to become a Demon Lord, however...

《Solution. Master has already fulfilled the conditions for a Demon Lord’s Seed.

To fulfill the condition for evolving into the Demon Lord (for the Seed to sprout), it is necessary to sacrifice 10,000 Human beings (Souls).》

So, that's it? Easy.

To think becoming a Demon Lord is so easy.

I just need to dispose 10,000 pieces of human trash. What an easy job.

And if it’s still not enough, I’ll just need to dispose some more.

Right, fortunately for me, the food was already here. The wheels had turned.

At that time,

「Ellen, for sharing those stories with me, you have my gratitude. However...

Is it all right for you to let me become a Demon Lord?」

I stare at Ellen while saying that.

Ellen cast down her head and became silent.

Then she raised it, and with resolve in her voice, replied.

「I originally come from the Sorcery Dynasty of Sarion.

To be honest, I yearned for the freedom of an adventurer.

But it’s fine.

Right now I also want to help Shion-chan.

The Church is unforgivable.

Being a monster automatically makes you evil? I really hate that kind of thinking.

I’m sharing with you because I already understand that things will not stay the same as they were before.

Even if I continue on as an Adventurer, surely it'll only cause problems for the Freedom Association.

So, you see...

I have decided to join this country.

I want to spend the remainder of my life in this country.

That's okay, right? Rimiru-chan...」

Hearing those words, Cabal silently shakes his head and Gido stares at the sky with his eyes closed.

I look at them as if waiting for their response,

「Well~. If Ojou-sama says so, as your bodyguard I won’t object.」

「Neesan.... No, Ellen-sama. Are you sure this is what you want?」

The two of them look at Ellen resolvedly.

It seems they are not just a mere adventurers.

Ellen... her real name is Eryune and she seems to be a noble from Sorcery Dynasty of Sarion.

She studied at the Royal Capital Academy, afterwards leaving the country because she yearned to be an adventurer.

Her two bodyguards followed her.......

「It's possible that when Rimuru-chan becomes a Demon Lord, my whereabouts will be leaked.

There's no way the Intelligence Bureau will leave that information alone.

Even if I refuse, the country will try to bring me back.

So, you see, I want help the best I can.

Until the last minute, I want to see how this will end with my own eyes.」

She stares at me with serious intent.

I already obtained the needed information.

I don't know how much the response of the neighboring Sorcery Dynasty of Sarion will influence this country, but I can't disregard the fact that Ellen may be forcefully taken away.

However, I had judged that there is still no explicit danger to her for now.

That will be a matter for another day.

「Well, we'll put that matter on hold for now.

I want to avoid doing anything that would increase our number of enemies.」

「Is that so? It can't be helped.

But, whether or not Shion-chan can be saved... I hope you'll let me see this through to the end?」

「I understand, as thanks for information Ellen-san gave me,

I don't mind if you want to stay till the end.

However, if I become a Demon Lord and my personality changes, don’t hold me responsible if I end up attacking you, understood?」

「Umm... I don't like that, but so be~ it.

I believe in Rimuru-chan!」

「Heyhey... Ojou... you got us involved as well?

Really, so be~ it...」

「There is no way around it, Danna. Ellen-sama is always like this, every time.」

Even though those two are sighing, they aren't opposing to it.

Despite the impression they made, these two are deeply devoted to Ellen.

Still, the decision has already been decided now.

To save Shion!

For that reason, if it is necessary for me to become a Demon Lord, I'm fine with that.

In about 3 days, the enemy's main army will conduct their attack.

The situation had already been confirmed.

Now, how should we proceed?

To decide this ambitious plan, it’s too early to talk about it.

To conduct a preparatory meeting, it is necessary for everyone to attend it.

If the barrier is lifted up suddenly, Shion’s and others’ soul may disperse and disappear.

Fearing that, I erect the greatest barrier that covers the entire city using my magic power.

A surprising amount of energy is consumed by doing it, but I am not concerned about it now.

Instead, compared to the sense of hopelessness that I felt yesterday, I am now feeling delighted.

Despite it might seem useless if you think about it, I’m glad I analyzed the barrier. Thanks to it, there’s a possibility for the revival of Shion and the others.

Receiving the report that the executives had gathered promptly, I go towards the conference room.

In that place, there are three uninvited people.

The executives don’t understand why the three are here, so they are perplexed

「Danna, I apologize for things that happen now...... I didn’t think my country would do such reckless action.」

Youmu said that while bowing his head.

The two people beside him Grucius and Myulan also bowed their head.

For some reason Myulan doesn’t raise her bowed head and kept looking down.

I thought it’s suspicious.

「Grucius, Because you helped Youmu to inform me, You have my gratitude.

By the way, there’s an important question.

I remember that there’s a barrier that’s covering this city that prevent any monsters from entering, so how did you guys pass it?」

「Wh, what are you saying? I’m a Human......」

「Sorry, but there’s no time to play dumb. I know the facts that you and Myulan are Devil.」

I ask the question I had prepared before, Grucius stopped playing dumb.

Youmu is not surprised by that. It seems he had already known about it.

「It exposed huh.... Even though I thought my disguise as a human was perfect.

The barrier had also influenced me and Myulan.

In fact, I’m only assisted, Myulan was the one who actually lifted up the barrier herself.」

「That’s..., right. It’s my specialty, not only Black Magic (Jujutsu/Hex) and Magic Arts (Majutsu/Sorcery), Barrier Arts is also my specialty.....

Entry is possible if you obstruct the flow of energy. But it will be restored once you enter....

Other than that, there is something that I must ask to you for your forgiveness.」

It was the first time she raised her head, and made eye contact with me.

Something she wants to be forgiven for? I don’t think there is anything like that.

While drinking the tea that Shuna served, I decide to hear the three’s stories.

[Actually, I’m a subordinate of Demon Lord Clayman....

Clayman is the Demon Lord that was called as the Marionette Master.

The mission he gave to me was to do a secret investigation of this city.

And so, I reported to him the information about this city that I obtained, at that time he was in a good mood and said,

“After you finish the next ordered task, you will be released.” Something likes that.

I was deprived from my heart by Clayman, my life and death was in his hands.

Because of that I can’t go against any of his orders, so I was rejoiced that he would reward me with my freedom.

And the last order he gave me was...」

Youmu and the Frontier Garrison suddenly received a summoning order to return and report.

Even if it sounds strange, all of them couldn’t disobey the order and so they returned to the Earl fiefdom in Falmas Kingdom.

Then, when they entered the Earl fiefdom, they noticed that there were a lot of soldiers.

When the scout returned with the information, which said: there will be an attack on the Monster’s country.

Youmu that recognized this as Rimuru’s Country, immediately asked Grucius and Myuran to relay this information.

Those two are new recruits, they are also not the Earl’s subordinate, so their face hasn’t been known yet.

So they can be left out from the Earl summons.

Receiving their orders, Grucius was to report to me, while Myuran was to inform the City.

But then, the tragedy occurred.

The reason was, because the report from Myuran never arrived. That was the reason why Myuran is asking for my forgiveness.

The cause why she never sent the message was because she received Clayman’s order.

This is what Clayman said that time.

「It has become interesting! For a war between Human and Monsters to occur.

What an ideal development.

Myulan, this is my last order.

Don’t relay the message to the Monster’s City.

Human and monster detest each other, so induce them so they come to war!」

The purpose was to cause a war.

Although he said that this was the last order, she never received her heart back.

And thus we come to this condition right now.

「Danna! You can be angry. But, I hope if you can, please forgive Myulan!」

Youmu is desperately protecting Myulan.

However, does the fault lie with Youmu?

The one, who wronged me, was not Youmu, but the government of Falmas Kingdom. No! It is the king himself.

Youmu and I had a common goal, he also regrets he wasn't able to inform me, but he didn't have any bad intentions.

This guy (Youmu) has a strong sense of responsibility.

I think he was a good guy.

I then stand up, and walk naturally to besides Youmu.

And, I casually move my hand and pierce Myulan’s chest.

「Danna!!!」

I heard Youmu’s voice panicking, I’m Ignoring it.

Myulan opening her eyes widely in astonishment, and resigned herself to her fate.

Because there’s a clear difference in ability, it’s useless to resist. A wise decision.

With my hands, I crush Myulan’s temporary heart, and lift the curse, and then I create a new core.

It’s something easy for me to do now.

While she opened her eyes widely with a confused look, I speak to the motionless Myuran.

「It was fortunate, there is a possibility that Shion and the others can be revived.

If I haven’t heard about the stories, you would be dead by now.」

「Eh?」

「She, still... alive?」

「!?」

I ignore the reactions from those 3 people.

「This is your last chance. So, use it well.」

I speak.

Yes, I won’t forgive another failure.

「Myuran, with this you are now free.

Be good to Youmu. From now on, go where you want to go and do what you want to do.

But, before that please tell me everything you know about that damn bastard Clayman.」

Myuran nods to my request.

And so, I learned many information about Clayman.

　………

　……

　…

So in conclusion, it is Clayman who instigated Gelmudo to manipulate the Orc Lord’s rampage incident?

To that question, Myulan silently nods.

Hearing this, Benimaru and Hakurou fold their hand with a glum look on their face.

That person, I decided in my heart that I will personally murder him.

Manipulating people and bringing conflicts.

Not only that, this time he also caused our city to be swallowed up in this great misfortune.

Forgive him? Like Hell I will!

I had heard enough information, now is to ask her what she want for her future.

「Well... even though I finally got a taste of my long awaited freedom, I think it is fine to be tied again for the short period of a human lifetime~」

So that is her answer.

Youmu face turns red.

There is not much that I can do in this situation, but giving them my blessing.

「I see. By the way, Youmu. I have something to ask you for....」

「It’s my pleasure. If it is what Danna wish for, I will do anything.」

Good.

I knew he would say that.

It’s like what I planned, just like helping Myulan.

I didn’t had any plan like this before, but now I won’t permit any failure.

「You, please become a king」

I said it like it was a petty thing.

Wha? Youmu looks at my face.

I then explain my idea to everyone.

Basically, this time everyone who attacks us will be eradicated.

This point is not negotiable anymore.

Then the next problem is the Falmas Kingdom.

Shall I massacre every citizen in there? So it’s like that, but there is no reason to do such thing.

If the sacrifice (souls) numbers isn’t sufficient to fulfill the requirement to evolve into Demon Lord, I would, without any second thoughts massacre them all, but fortunately it seems that the number of people who are going to attack are sufficient.

From the information Youmu had, the number of troops exceeds 10.000.

It was really helpful, this is what I really think. It’s weird that I would say it was helpful for the enemy to have a large numbers.

Because the requirement is to kill, it is something that I can easily do right now.

So after annihilating the army, what will I do next after becoming a Demon Lord?

This is the problem.

Even if I kill everyone who dares to attack, if it possible I want to held a cease fire agreement.

But after I kill everyone in the upper echelon of the government. Who will be the responsible party for such agreement?

Not only that, if the central government is empty, the citizens will surely become concerned.

「So? That is when your role come into the stage.」

How’s that? Youmu is thinking.

Youmu’s role is to purge all the corrupt officials.

Thought I will kill every bastard that comes into my sight, I want someone to depend on to cleanse all the remaining trashes that still remain in the country.

At the same time, calming the citizens, and to be crowned as the new king.

It’s for the sake of establishing diplomatic ties between our countries.

「Don’t say it so lightly... Me? Become a king?」

「Isn’t it easy? Even I become a King. So you can also become one too.」

Well, even if I become a king, it’s more like a Demon King.

「Youmu, Rimuru-sama think if it’s you then you can do it.

I also will, in the stormy days or in the sunny days, I promise to always be there to support you.」

Those words of Myulan acts as his support.

Now with heartfelt resolution, Youmu nods to me.

Those two, they are really affectionate to each other.

We shake hands.

The preparatory meeting had completely ended with every detail pointed out.

Now about whether I become a Demon Lord or not.

About, whether Shion and others can be revived or not.

Someone who lost their life cannot return ever again.

However, Shion and the others haven’t been lost yet.

So there is a possibility.

I am an atheist. I don’t believe in any gods. But, now I decide to hold a prayer.

To the one who governs all miracles.

If it was Hinata, in this situation, she might choose to ignore such a useless act.

It might really be useless.

But if I sincerely believe when I pray,

Shion and the others will surely be okay.

The moonlight's reflection, which basks me with those small lights.

And those lights, seems to gently affirm my prayer.





Chapter 69: Birth of Demon Lord


[TL NOTE: This chapter contain gore and cruelty depiction. Please skip if this disturbs you. (Of course you won’t, right?)]

(POV: Rimuru)

After the conversation concerning Youmu had ended, the real strategic conference shall begin in earnest.

Everyone is looking at me with stiff expressions.

Let’s hear their opinions first.

「First of all, before I give my own opinion, I want to hear what everyone has in mind.」

Hearing that, everyone started to actively give various replies.

Only Gabil, himself, can use spirits. So, it can’t be helped.

I want to avoid permeating the barrier too many times. (TL: opening and closing)

Everyone put together their opinions.

To sum it up.

There’s an opinion, that the humans who are responsible for the cowardly surprise attack should not be forgiven.

Certainly, that’s true. I don’t think that method of thinking is wrong.

There’s also another opinion. There are also good humans, so it’s not right to lump them all together indiscriminately.

Hearing such opinions made me glad. It will not be good, if we incorrectly reach our goals through anger and resentment.

The second opinion was the general consensus in the room.

This proved that there are monsters who wish to live in coexistence with humans.

They still follow my rules, even after the tragedy occurred.

They are my dear companions. The important people who I can call my family.

The me who doesn’t truly love anyone; I who think that love is something shady.

While everyone was calming down, I made my conviction.

「Everyone, please listen」

Everyone turned there attention towards me.

When I got everyone’s attention, I began my story.

「I am a former human; a “Reincarnated Person”.」

Although everyone raised their voices, no one tried to interrupt my story.

I think Ranga may already have knowledge about this.

He may have heard it while residing in my shadow.

Nobody seemed really surprised, maybe they were already aware of it before I told them.

Seeing the situation is like this, I continued.

「I am a person who came from a different world. In that world, I was human.

When I died on that side, I reincarnated into this side; as a slime.

In the beginning, I was alone and lonely, who could of predicted that I could make so many companions.

You guys.

Perhaps, you attained your humanoid form when you evolved because the process was reliant upon the desires of the person who invoked the change.

That is why I made the rule “Do not attack humans”.

I said that I liked humans, because I was a formerly a human myself.

I created that rule, without the intention for any of you guys to be harmed...

I, even though I am a monster, I have a human heart.

Because of that … that time … I held such selfish preferences.

Because I am a former human, I also want to get along with humans.

The result of that… I neglected to see what was right in front of me. And this … the result.

I can see that I am the one who is truly responsible for these events transpiring.

I am deeply sorry......」

Hearing my story, the room fell under a curtain of silence.

Each of them tried to make sense of my story.

「It is a fact that Rimuru-sama is a former human. However I cannot see any problem that may arise from this.」

Hakurou said this with serious face.

Eh!? I did not expect this sort reaction.

I expected that I would have been treated like an enemy.

「But your master is a former human, right? Do you not find it unpleasant?」

In response to that question,

「Eh? Why should I?」

「My only Lord is Rimuru-sama.」

「I also think like that.」

And so on and so forth.

And at the last one, Rigurudo.

「Rimuru-sama, everyone’s feelings have not changed a bit.

There is no need for you to worry over this matter anymore.」

So he said.

I nod and think. As I expected, this is the place where my heart belongs. (TL: Home is where your heart belongs.) (ED: And where you waifu is) (TL: I don’t have waifu..... T_T)

(PR: 4ever alone… :<)

I am really happy.

After seeing me nodding, Kaijin open his mouth,

「So, I want to hear something. What you intent to do about the interactions between humans and us from now on?」

Everyone turned to face me.

Yes, that is indeed a problem.

With the exception of monsters, this is a great problem for Kaijin and the other dwarfs.

When the time comes when I am forced to declare humans as my enemies, I will be considered as a new threat.

Well, such time may not come.

For now, I expressed what my ideas are concerning this matter.

「First of all, before I give my final answer, I will share some values from my previous world.

In the previous world there was an ideological view of inherent morality and its derivative inherent human nature.

This view assumes that people are innately born with the ability to tell right from wrong and from this people are born inherently good or bad.

I think that inherent human nature has its merits.

Humans may contain both the qualities of being moral or immoral in equal proportions.

If the moral side is more dominate then the immoral side, then that person will become a good.

However, if the conditions are reversed, then the person will become bad.

In truth, I had this view.

If you are not trying to do anything immoral, then in my eyes you are a good person.

Thus, if someone didn’t detest or distrust us just because of us being monsters, then they are a good neighbor.

I want to believe in this value.

But because I want to believe it, I underwent such an experience; I failed to properly distinguish the idealistic views I held from real world.

Thus, this is my answer.

For now, I think that it is too early for us to be at a stage where we safely can ally with humans.

The first important thing to do is for my existence is acknowledged by the others.

For humans, someone who amasses massive power can’t be ignored.

In addition, by becoming a Demon Lord, I can restrain the other Demon Lords actions.

To everyone who went against us, we will bare our fangs and retaliate.

To everyone who lends their hands to us, we will grant our blessing to them.

To our opponents, we will do to them what they have done to us.

In the future, I hope that we can be linked in a friendship one day.

These are my views on the matter.」

(TL note: I don’t found any equal western philosophical term. The closest one I had is Seizensetsu as Idealism. – YukkuriOniisan.

I don’t excel in philosophy. - Guro) (ED: and English) (GO: So mean.... don’t mind. XD)

(PR:I think that it is better to get the closest in western idealism as possible. I think it portrays a similar view + I <3 Immanuel Kant)

So I finish my speech.

He then responds.

「That is an overly naive and idealistic point of view.

Honestly! It’s not a speech fit for someone who’s going to become a Demon Lord.

....... However, I don’t dislike it.」

With a sigh, Kaijin conveyed his thoughts

Shuna exclaimed, while giggling.

「Isn’t it fine? Even if it’s just an idealistic method of thinking.

I think that if it’s Rimuru-sama, you will be able to create such world.」

So she declared her support.

「At any rate, we have decided to obey, so we will obey no matter what. We've gone past thinking about it.」

The one who just abides the rule without thinking, Gerudo, sincerely make his frank but meaningful declaration.

「Hey, to make Rimuru-sama into the king. Isn’t that my duty?」

Benimaru also...

「I am Rimuru-sama faithful shadow. I will perform any instruction that I receive.」

Shouei also...

「We will establish a new country, aiming to change everyone's way of thinking.」

Youmu also said it.

Everyone, each respective words, showed their approval.

I receive the weight of their words.

To push forth my foolish ideal, there is no need to make an excuse for it next time.

「I understand. Please follow my own selfishness!」

To my words,

「「「Danna (Rimuru-sama), we know (understand) it was your selfishness.」」」

Everyone unanimously agreed.

... ... ... ...

... ... ...

... ...

...

Well then, it’s now the time for the strategic conference against the military invasion.

The ones who invading this time, are allied forces of Falmas Kingdom and Western Saint’s Church.

The main force of Falmas Kingdom was approximately composed of 5,000 regular knights and 4,000 mercenaries.

Having accepted the request from Falmas Kingdom, the Western Saint’s Church sent their crusaders of 2,000 infantry, and 3,000 troops specialized in dealing with monsters, attentively named the anti-monster squad.

And, the most troublesome, 1,000 knights from the Church Chivalric Order.

The total count of the army was 15,000, a powerful war potential.

Youmu’s subordinates, who were scattered in various places, came with this information.

It seemed that the number of soldiers that were assembled exceeded my predictions.

「How’s should we arrange our troop composition?」

Gerudo said while bracing himself.

.

「In any event, my corps will make their stand at the front.」

Benimaru also felt highly motivated.

He had formed a private hobgoblin corps.

Has this come from Hakurou’s guidance?

Riguru commands the Goblin Wolf Riders whom are in a state of rage.

I am not the only one who’s infuriated by the tragedy.

However..........

「Sorry, but this time, I’ve decide that only I should go.

I want you guys to leave it to me.」

「........ What do you mean?」

Benimaru asked as the representative of everyone in the room, I then began to elaborate.

This time, it is for the ceremony of me becoming a Demon Lord.

「The necessary sacrifices (Souls) for me to become a Demon Lord are 10,000 people.

It’s fortunate that the number of invaders falls above 15,000; That exceeds the rquirement.

This is a necessary ceremony (process) for me to become a Demon Lord.

So this time, I am the only one required to expunge the invaders.」

So I said.

Actually, there’s no need for me to do the massacre personally.

It’s the answer from 『Great Sage』, as long as the deaths were conducted by my intention the condition will be cleared.

A sudden thought crossed in my mind, maybe the goal of the Demon Lord Clayman is to cause the war and to gather 10,000 human souls?

Because the attack of a single limited, war will make it easy to harvest their souls, this might be his true intention, that is, to evolve to a new Demon Lord.

My predictions may be correct, for a small fry to wage war by himself is impossible, but it is something trivial for me.

That wasn’t the only the reason why I choose to fight alone.

It is because I feel the need to take responsibility this time. I can’t always rely on others strength.

If I am defeated here, then that means I was only worth that much.

Though I understand that this is my own selfishness, however there is a reason behind it.

「Besides, there is also a task for you guys.

Currently, I believe that Shion and the other’s souls are locked inside the barrier.

So, if in the war the barrier is disturbed, it may become undone, then the souls may disappear.

Though it is reinforced by my magic power, if the fight begins the magic power I exert may be hindered and it can disappear.

I want you guys to reinforce the barrier, and to call out to Shion and the others.」

This, I don’t know if it is really necessary, but it’s a request I want them to do it

Even if it’s only raising the possibility a little..

Currently, I am emitting my entire magic power.

To maintain the barrier, the inside of the barrier is also filled with magic power (Energy).

Physics and Magic retain the same rules, from macro to micro.(PR: Conservation of energy?)

In other words, the space is filled with energy, I think that the souls that are covered by energy will held in place and not become dispersed.

If the soul’s protection disappears, it may pass the barrier and dissipate.

Humans can enter the barrier without any difficulty, as their magic power component is scarce.

Regarding a soul, because it is a pure energy, it is hampered by the barrier.

A Monster’s astral body is composed of magic power. I think that this is necessary increase the probability of the energy dispersing.

If I go to the war, I want the remaining people to maintain the current barriers condition.

If I want to be able to use my whole power, this is the best solution according to『Great Sage』’s opinion.

Maybe, even if Hinata came along with the invasion forces, I will still be able to purge everyone by myself.

I had seen her skill. That is my biggest advantage. I won’t allow myself to be defeated for the second time in a row.

Seeing my determination, Benimaru nodded.

「Acknowledged, this time we will leave everything to Rimuru-sama. Please give them our share of rage.」

I reply to that with a nod.

In the first place, there is no intention to forgive the enemy.

I receive everyone’s acknowledgement, I will become the only opponent for the invading army.

The seventh day.

Below me I see host of soldiers (ants) are marching.

But now I can only see them as food . (TL: Rimuru only seen soldier as food/fodder now.)

Those bastards, they will become Shion’s sacrifices.....

Properly speaking, there should of been a declaration of.

But, right now.

The enemy has already declared it and it has been received. In that case...

These bastards, I will eviscerate every last one of them.

There is no need for survivors; there is no need to fight fairly.

Those humans (Trash)...

To become nourishment for my evolution. You all should be grateful.

I’m now high in the sky, soaring with my mimicry wing, I looked down at my below and confirm the situation.

There is no problem.

I developed a new magic just for the sake of decimating these bastards.

Now let justice be done!

(TL: Through the heavens fall. Forgive me for the reference; believe me when I said it is related with what will happen next. Actually Rimuru only say: Let’s do it now.)(PR: we need to make Rimuru look as cool as possible.)

「Die! Be pierced and burned by Divine Indignation! “God’s Wrath (Megiddo)”!!!」

Dancing light rain down from the sky, it reflected repeatedly above the ground and was covered onto a single point, it pierced the soldiers’ bodies without meeting any resistance, and so the massacre begins.

In the army, there are magic divisions that contain specialists who can erect defensive barriers.

Even if the number of opponents is high, if I am in close proximity to them the <core attack magic> will obliterate them in a single blow.

So, to take cover under a barrier is a common military tactic in this world.

Of course, there is also defensive barrier carefully prepared this time.

Even if they march to a city full of high level monster, which they considered as a joke, the level barrier is still skilfully done.

However, before the wrath new magic resistance is futile.

In this world, the principle of barrier magic is specialized for defense against magic power.

So it means that they hadn’t any resistance against things that abide law of physics.

That is the result of the analysis of barrier, so that fact has been confirmed.

If you think about it, the heat from thousand degree flames can be stopped completed by a barrier, et cetera, so what is the cause that the barrier is able to interfere with the natural phenomenon?

This worlds <Elemental magic> uses and manipulated magic power in order to invoke interference in physical law.

That’s why, to prevent it, defensive barriers prevent the entry of magic power.

Except for overwhelming the barrier with magical power, it is nearly impossible to break a barrier.

Also, since it prevents the entry of magic power, it become impossible to cause any physical interference inside it.

So, what about <Spirit Magic>? Because it rewrites the physical law because of the spirit’s power to cause interference, it still had power although is in smaller scale.

Of course if they put spirit barrier, <Spirit Magic> usage can be prevented.

That is the reason that the most basic barrier had multiple, more than two, layers.

Therefore, to swap such notion, I decide to invent a way to turn magic into pure physical energy.

I take inspiration from Hinata’s “Disintegration”, entrusting 『Great Sage』 to turn it into practical application.

By entrusting all calculation, it was easy to put it into practical use.

I create several hundred thousand floating water droplets in my surroundings.

Far up in the sky, there are several dozen giant floating water droplets similar to convex lens.

The convex lens shaped water droplets up in the sky receives sunlight and converge it into a thin line, down below the water droplets form reflective mirror array, that is used to converge it more.

The water droplets are created by me with water spirit energy.

Thus the sunlight, that the water droplets reflect, converges to become as thin as a pencil and its temperature reaches thousand degrees.

All the water droplets capture and converge the sunlight energy, this is reflection converging magic.

This is my new magic, <Physics Magic> “God’s Wrath (Megiddo)”.

At the first simultaneous firing, no less than 1,000 soldiers were vaporized.

Below me, the march became chaotic; God’s Wrath (Megiddo) is instilling panic.

Of course this is not the end.

Using the most optimum calculation, by adjusting the position, the second attack commences.

Not able to resist it more than 1,000 soldiers perish.

This magic has a frightening aspect. That is, the energy cost is low.

The water droplets created by the magic at the final point of the firing, will evaporate and disappear because of the heat, but it’s possible to replace them in an instant.

For that reason, I use water spirit magic. The water can be created without using too much energy.

This process can finish under one minute, and then it’s possible to fire it again. After all, I only need to replace the water and adjust its position.

And, the magic power is only needed to maintain the water spirit.

The energy source that contributed the most is the symbol of natural energy, The Sun.

The only problem is that it’s only usable at daytime, but it’s daytime right now.

All problems are cleared, now I can finally clean those people (Trash) below me.

Without any sound the hit comes with the speed of light, not letting the soldiers to resist, they all pierced and burned, it’s a massacre.

Soldiers with poor armor, Knights with superior metal armor.

They all killed equally without any differences.

However, I don’t aim at a particularly splendid carriage.

It’s uncertain if the King gotten in it, but it’s impossible for him to remorse if he is killed.

But I’m not that merciful.

The rewards for invoking my imperial wrath, I’ll make sure he received it......

Initiating a one-sided fight, only about five minutes, 2/3 of the invading armies were incapacitated. (TL: Killed.....)

It’s such a good time........

I’m slowly descending to the ground with my fluttering wing.

To those foolish ones, I will give them further despair.

−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−

(POV: The omniscient Great Narrator in the sky, 3rd person)

Right now, what had happened in front of his eyes? King Edomalis was at a loss for words.

No, it’s not only King Edomalis, the head of royal palace magician and the knight leader too, nobody from the upper echelon could understand what had transpired before them.

「Ugyaaaaaa!!Arm, my arm.......!!!!!」

「Help, please help.......」

「Uwaaaaaaaaa, from where, where the heck it’s coming from!!?」

The battlefield, instantly turn into Hell’s Pandemonium.

Just a while ago, the troop morale was high; they all had full confidence in victory......

The veteran knights who survived through many battle, from unknown direction light comes and penetrate their chest rewarding them an instant death.

The still young volunteer soldiers, trying to escape without understanding what had happened.

The dispatched knights from the Church had full confidence in their barrier, but those barriers were meaningless, I sneer when they were decapitated.

The weak and the strong, everyone equally trembling in terror.

No one tried to retaliate.

Maybe, if Hinata was here, she might have been able to respond immediately against it and erect a <Physics Barrier>.

After all, <Physics Barrier> is a secret in Magic art. People who are able to use it are limited and the effective range is small......

But Hinata is not here, so there’s no use to imagine a hypothetical situation.

King Edomalis felt the terror that makes him hard to breathe, he desperately tries to endure it.

He tries to protect his dignity as a King.

Thinking desperately with his collapsing mind.

No matter how you look at it, the military endeavor had failed. To escape with their life from this hellscape, but it’s already too late, that won’t happen.

Why did it turn out like this...? No, that is not important right now.

「Folgen… what should… what should we do?」

He asked his dependable knight leader.

The honorable knight leader is the strongest in the kingdom. He is not inferior even to a rank A Adventurer, he is a hero with long military history.

A trusted retainer that the King could always depend on.

And yet, there is no answer from Folgen.

「Folgen, what happen, why are you not answering? Folgen!!!」

In fear and confusion. He said with his voice mixed with anger, he tap the knight leader’s shoulder.

Shaking violently, his sturdy body tilts, and collapse.

If you observed him closely, his temporal region was gone, the brain had leaked out.

「Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh*gasp*gasp*!!!」

King Edomalis shout in horror, he fall down and unable to stand due to fear in his carriage.

The carriage is an open type, it was used to boost everyone’s morale but now it had backfired.

While discharging warm liquids from his groins, he tries to escape by crawling.(PR: XD rekt)

Now, he doesn’t care anymore about his dignity as a King.

Die, if he stays in here, he will die!!

Falling into state of panic, he frantically tried to run away.

However, there’s no one who notices the king appearances. Because every one of them desperately running for their own life.

The symbol of justice against monsters are the 1,000 knights of the Church Chivalric Order, however they had been killed without a chance to do anything.

While they were inferior to Holy Knights, each of them is equal to a rank B adventurer in term of battle prowess.

The one who should of had absolute superiority against monsters, were annihilated in a blink of an eye.

Their fall into panic is, of course, justified.

At that time, the soldiers who were petrified by fear, looked towards the sky.

King Edomalis also looked at the sky.

Someone was descending from the sky, a person with a black bat-like wing.

The persons height was rather small, wearing a beautiful mask

On that mask, there is a crack that made it seem like it was crying.

Wearing a sublime beautiful black kimono, with beautiful black hide armor on the outside.

That person didn’t carry any weapon.

That person is a Demon.... No, it’s Demon Lord.

It’s a Demon Lord! His instinct screamed.

At that time, at last, the king realized the grand mistake that he had made.

It is not something you can fight against.

The one Burmund Kingdom had relationship with.

The Demon Lord in front of him, that outfit. It must have been woven from beautiful silk cloth.

That appearance.

The Demon Lord in front of him must be the ruler of that city.

That means, Hinata Sakaguchi from the Church, did it means that she failed!? (TL: In this world given name then family name.)

That calculating cruel witch, it had been said that she has never failed in her task.

But, it wouldn’t be strange if it was someone who surpassed that witch.

This Demon had such an aura emanating from it.

For all that, it’s a fact that can only be accepted. This Demon carries the same appearance that is similar to a Demon Lord......

No, there is still a chance. At that moment, an idea flashed inside the king’s mind.

I am a King, I might be able to talk away to it and negotiate! That is a skillful line of reason, after returning to the country I can prepare a counterattack.

If he is the opponent who gladly conducted negotiations with Burmund, there is no doubt, it must prostrate before me, the King of a great nation Falmas Kingdom! Like this...

The king had lost himself in his foolish thoughts, and he made yet another great mistake.

In this matter, he was no longer angry self-preservation is the only thought in his head.

−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−

(POV: Rimuru.)

Well, I saw a terrible situation when I arrived in the ground,

With 『Magic Perception』, I obtain information of the situation perfectly; I can reliably pierce the vital point from blind spots.

Occasionally, to create confusion, I purposely sever an arm, a leg or the body, the screaming from pain that emerge from that causes further chaos.

This terrible situation was progressing in the way I had imagined before.

The surviving soldiers that saw my appearance fell further into fear.

「Hiiiiiiiiiiii, he... help!」

Although I heard the voice that seemed to be of someone begging for his life, I didn’t care about it and pierced the middle of his forehead.

It takes time to get used to it, but now I can control the beam according to my will.

The angle of reflection is simple, it’s low cost, so I can shoot as many as I like.

If you converge the heat ray into a single spot, it will reach thousands degrees, so it will arrive at the point where it is possible to pierce a human with it.

If you had learnt the principle behind it, it is possible to shoot it optimally at will.

There is only little time lag, in another words, it is the same as speed of light, if you can see it then you can’t avoid it.

For example if you shoot it from 10,000 km, the time for it to reach the target is about 0.034 second.

Even if a human eye receives information about it, the time for it to be transmitted and reach the brain is much slower.

This calculation to aim precisely cannot be performed without using the 『Great Sage』’s computational ability.

As one would expect from 『Great Sage』. I once again became amazed.

If it was used in close proximity, even me with 『Great Sage』’s compensation, will have had difficulty evading it. In my situation, if I for a moment sensed it, it hard to know if I would have been able to dodge it, I will leave it to when that time comes.

Therefore, it is impossible for a human to dodge it.

I shot at some people who were trying to run away,crawling similar to the ones whom prostrating to me, while I was doing that,

《Confirmed. Unique Skill 『Heartless One』acquisition... Succeeded.》

It is not the Great Sage but the voice from heaven that I haven’t heard for a long time.

How to put it, this skill sucks….

Although one may say that it can’t be avoided for me to receive this skill

When I wonder what kind ability it had, that bastard begin to talk.

「Wa, wait! You (Kisama) must be the lord of that city!

I am, Edomalis, the king of Falmas Kingdom.

Behave yourself! I hear what you (Kisama) want to talk.」

That dirty ossan flapping his mouth.

When I saw him, his nether region was covered with piss; his face is decorated with tears, mucus and drool.

What a gross figure. Is what I had a burning desire to shout.

It’s like the feeling when my browser crashes.

Oh well, the one I targeted introduce himself, It’s a good thing.

With this I can get the mastermind.

「What? You just want to hear me.」

So I answered.

「Im, impudence! I am the king of the great nation Falmas Kingdom!

You are a being that by all rights had no privilege to address me.

However, it’s fine. This time...」

Then, in one hit, his arm was burned off.

He doesn’t give off an appearance that should receive someone else respects.

Furthermore, he still isn’t aware of the current situation, he won’t die, but he will sobered up with this.

Well, he may die in agony... but if possible, the one who should kill him is not me, but the person (Shion) who had the grudge is the one who should do it.

「Listen, You (Trash). Look at your opponent before talking.

Don’t get cocky just because I am benevolent person.

You are permitted to talk, continue.」

At the beginning, just looking blankly, is the ossan who stares at his missing left hand.

When his brain catch up, it seems that the pain instantly attack him.

He screams and began rolling around.

Umm... He is a great person? But he seems to lack any honor?

That one who said to be a great person = ossan in front of me now, my mind hardly can find the resemblance.

Oh dear, well, I think my anger has calm down a bit.

However, if this person dies, I’m afraid that my anger will rebound back.

「Hm? Is there nothing more you want to say?

You can continue display your dance, but after ten minutes, it will end, you hear me.」

Hearing my words, he looks at me, and seems to try to speak something.

His voice is not in fear or pain. What an annoying ossan.

It can’t be helped. I will leave him in pain for some more time.

The Ossan reluctantly raise his head.

「I will only say it once. Speak!」

I threaten him.

At first, his words sound faintly, but at last it seems he becomes more settled.

And so,

「My, my country wants to enter a diplomatic relationship, can’t it be done?

It’s a good talk right? I had been deceived,

I don’t think that the city had a reliable person like you.

However, it’s fortunate that it’s the opposite!

The country with this wonderful hero can be considered as a diplomatic relationship partner.

If you enter diplomatic relationship with my country, then we can mutually be in peace together.

If you secure peace with my country, then you will receive the support from my country.

This is mutually benefiting us, isn’t it?

Either way, I will also introduce you to the Council.

How’s that? Of course, you will received it?」

Eerrr....

This guy, is he a genius?

How can I become this mad, he want to taste more agony no less than death, is that what he talks about?

The Ossan, without noticing that I am baffled by him, keeps talking without reading the mood. (TL: A KY-ossan)

For now, let just shut his mouth by burn off his right leg.

Though he is screaming after getting shot, he won’t die.

Even if you don’t do anything to stop the bleeding, the blood will not bleed out because the blood vessels had been cauterized.

Because it’s best to leave him alive, it was convenient.

I notice the surroundings somehow become quieter and so I take a look, it seems that the surviving soldiers fear and respect me, they all are prostrating in the ground.

They pray desperately, for the first time they are begging for their life.

Unfortunately, such decision was already too late, my generous heart was painted by anger.

Right, the analysis of Unique Skill 『Heartless One』 had just been completed.

The effect is, to the person who begs for their life, with its ability it will be possible to seize the soul of the person who begs for help.

In other words, this ability works against people who lost their fighting spirit, which send death sentence to them.

Though the skill wouldn’t be much of use, this time the ability is extremely useful.

《Question. Do you want to use Unique Skill 『Heartless One』? YES/NO》

Yes. I answered with a calm mind, there is no hesitation.

Immediately after I use the ability, besides the king that I didn’t specifically set as a target, and without being able to offer any resistance, everyone else died.

With my ability, several thousand surviving soldiers perished.

The battlefield that was filled with waves of pain and fear had become calm.

To end the pain and fear instantly, consider this as my benevolence.

For the king that remains alive for now, there will be further pain and fear waiting for him......

At this time,

《Notification. The necessary human soul (nourishment) for the requirement of evolution (Seed’s Sprouting) had been confirmed ... Recognized.

The requirement had been met. From now, Evolution to Demon Lord (Harvest Festival) will begins.》

The Voice of the World resounds in my mind.

Without my consent, my body begins to transform and organized itself.

I am not a person who called himself a Demon Lord, I am the one who turned himself into a True Demon Lord.

On this day.... A new Demon Lord was born in this world.





Chapter 70: Harvest Festival


What the hell…

The hell… what the hell is that fiend!!!

Seeing the chaotic dance of light and recognizing its danger, Reihim lay hiding inside a carriage.

The monsters’ city was still surrounded by the barrier, and nothing unusual was reported by his men.

So… whence has this monster come from…?

The Saint Knight’s barrier, even an inferior one, should have protected against entry from high rank monsters.

At the very least, had one entered or left they would have been notified.

Nonetheless…

With a little thought, it was clear that the monster mercilessly slaughtering his men before him cared little for things like barriers.

The Blood Shadows squad he borrowed from Cardinal Nicholas dispersed into hiding and were observing the situation.

As expected of them.

Like Reihim, they were all pretending to be corpses.

If this is how it is…

He lamented the inadequacy of his report.

When asked regarding reinforcements, he firmly turned them down.

After all, while they were declaring war on the city, they rampaged a bit and were able to cut down the only powerful demon – a woman – among them.

Nor was there any retaliation.

So this war should have went smoothly underneath the barrier.

Thanks to the battle barriers set up by the Western Saint’s Church’s 1,000 division, every member of the army could be considered B ranked.

At the very least, it would unimaginable for them to have to go all out.

The monsters fleeing the city should have been easily exterminated by the kingdom’s knight alone.

So, he decided to reject Sakaguchi Hinata’s offer.

But, even if she had come… could she protect them against this?

That suspicion filled his head, and he hastily dismissed it.

There’s no way.

Sakaguchi Hinata is the strongest existence; how could she fall to a mere monster?

The moment he thought that…

Silence enveloped the battlefield.

As if freezing rain falling on his back, fear overtook his heart.

What… what the hell happened?

Those screaming in pain or crying out of fear–why have they suddenly turned silent?

At that moment,

「Oh, look… survivors」

Merrily saying these words was a young girl, or perhaps a young lad whose voice is yet to change.

Survivors… she says?

But before he could realize that the words were directed at him and the blood shadows…

He felt an intense pain coursing through his body.

When both of his arms and legs were cleanly burned off, he finally beheld that demonic fiend.

At this point, he could no longer run away, nor retaliate.

All Reihim could do was pray to his god…

＊　＊　＊

Unique Skill『Heartless One』… huh.

Nah… I am pretty heartless, tee hee~!

Fear towards me is one thing, but when their hearts break I can activate the skill.

In other words, at that moment, my enemies souls are in the palm of my hand.

They live and die by my will alone.

Even if I let them go, should they choose to rebel again I can erase them that very moment.

And as this field trial has shown, it works even on enemies who are escaping.

It targets anyone I recognize as an enemy. In this case, the entire army I saw from the sky was target.

I had intended a complete genocide, yes; but even so, I had expected a few of them to run away. Well, thanks to『Heartless One』, problem solved.

I didn’t think I could put the skill to use, but I guess I can.

It is certainly one desired by rulers who intend to rule with fear.

In the future, all I have to do to end a conflict is to break my enemies’ spirit.

Oops,『Magic Perception』is picking up something. 13 men.

The fact that they survived means their spirits aren’t broken yet.

Of course, that excludes the king.

13 people still intending to fight.

Could any of them perhaps belong to the blood shadows who attacked the city?

For now, to prevent escape, let’s burn their feet off with Megiddo.

By the way, that.

There are many “people” whose legs I blown off, hands I burned off, or heads I pierced.

In short, they are a very scattered bunch.

My… what should I do?『Magic Perception』is getting overloaded, and I am beginning to feel dizzy!

Ah, I did hear that evolution was about to start, so I guess I’m going to lose my consciousness.

「Ranga, are you there?」

「Ay, I await your command, my master!」

There he is.

Ranga jumped out from within my shadow.

Without intending to hinder me, but in case something unforeseen happened, he was on standby.

Good,

「Ranga, gather up this filth and bring them into the city.

Do not kill them.

I am returning there ahead of time, I’ll let Youmu know, so hand them over to him」

「What about those who have escaped?」

I thought for a minute.

Three men escaped. Normally, Ranga would easily be able to win, but they are at least A ranked.

If they work together, it might be dangerous to send Ranga out alone.

But, I have no desire to let them go.

「I’ll send someone else after them.

Upon capture, I’ll leave them at your disposal」

「Ay! I live to serve!」

Confirming Ranga’s answer, as if taking a break, I began gathering my power.

And, started〈High Demon Summoning〉ritual.

As an offering, I will use the corpses under my feet.

I had considered eating them, but I doubt there are any useful abilities among them.

The Blood Shadows will have to suffice.

I don’t know what kind of demon I will summon, but, considering that it probably won’t be able to materialize, as long as it’s of some use, I’ll be happy.

That is, as long as it can hunt down escaping fools.

「I prepared thy meal, come forth, demon.

And serve me!」

What appropriate words I now choose!

I wonder if the demons will be satisfied with the offering.

Just as I was thinking that, three demons appeared.

Considering the past Greater Demon, which was rank A-, they are inferior compared to Blood Shadow troops.

With that in mind, I had intended to summon 30 of them, but only managed three.

Hey, hey, are you telling me 15 thousand corpses were worth only this much? Well, I did devour their souls, so maybe…

No good, since coming to this world this is the first time I’m feeling such intense desire to sleep; my head is spinning.

「Hey, you guys, there are three escaping fools. Capture them alive and bring them to my subordinate Ranga.」

I said as the dizziness became unbearable and I became to lose my consciousness.

I must reach somewhere safe!

The demons behind me,

「We are honored to receive our first order. This grand offering you have bestowed upon us fills our hearts with endless joy!」

「’Tis but an easy task, oh forth-coming Dark Lord! Can we expect to be later put to use by You?」

「…..」





They expressed such a greeting, but my consciousness was quickly waning.

「We shall talk later. First, prove that you can be put to use. Go!」

I said and transferred back to Tempest.

To bypass the barrier I had prepared a magic circle in advance–it worked.

Benimaru rushed over to me so I had him take a message for Youmu.

And, sitting down at the place we prepared before hand, I lost consciousness.

That deep sleep I fell into was the first time I was completely unconscious since coming to this world.

＊　＊　＊

When Rimuru had gone off to battle, the city split between those who worked to keep up the barrier and those who were on their knees praying.

The former gathered in the center.

Since the barrier dispels magic energy, they worked hard to increase it even a little bit.

Everyone was busy dutifully fulfilling their roles.

In the center lay the bodies of Shion and the others, preserved by a barrier.

In the very center stood the magic circle Rimuru had prepared, and shrine they had built to welcome the coming of a new demon lord.

Surrounding all this was the group maintaining the barrier.

Shuna was among them too, along with Myulan who volunteered to help.

Shuna thought,

Rimuru seemed to worry about the fact that he used to be a human, but that was but a trivial fact.

For Shuna, all that mattered was a connection to her partner’s soul which would put her mind at ease.

It willed her endless euphoria and complete satisfaction.

If she were to lose Rimuru, she would definitely go mad.

「Rimuru-sama… we would be happy even if we had perished, as long as you continued living.

But, Rimuru-sama, losing even one of us throws your soul into such discord…」

She murmured.

Benimaru nodded at these words showing his complete consent.

It is possible for the kindhearted Rimuru’s character to change during his transformation.

If so,

「When you become a demon lord, please spare us a violent character…」

They prayed for this not to pass.

Benimaru, Souei, Hakurou, and Kurobee were on standby.

By Rimuru’s command.

That should he turn into a mindless beast (demon lord), that they dispose of him quickly.

That’s the only outcome they hoped to prevent.

「It’s because you’re always sleeping, Shion… wake up already.」

That whisper was more of a prayer than anything.

The one they prayed to was not any god, but a single monster.

One who had never betrayed their expectations and who would certainly deliver again.

So they believed.

And then,

≪Announcement. Individual: Rimuru Tempest, the transformation into Demon Lord “Harvest Festival” shall now commence. Upon its completion, related monsters shall be blessed with a gift≫

Every monster that had gathered in the city heard the “Voice of the World”.

Seems that Rimuru was successful at destroying the invading force.

In that case, it is now their time to shine.

「Brace yourselves! Our master has emerged victorious. It is our turn now!」

Benimaru’s voice resounded throughout the city.

The city came alive.

Rimuru could not have been crushed by losing Shion.

And, as planned, Rimuru will be returning.

As ordered, they were to let Rimuru rest.

Upon reuniting, they decided on a code.

Just in case Rimuru had showed up as a mere beast.

「Now then,『How’s Shion’s cooking>?』I ask」

「Got it.『It’s horrible』is the response? Who the hell thought up this crap…」

Rimuru sleepily said.

His head no longer spinning out of drowsiness, he muttered the complaint with little force behind it.

The one who had thought of it was Benimaru, of course.

He had not forgotten that she had forced a new recipe on him before.

So if she were to wake up with a complaint… yet another wish he made to Rimuru.

If only things went according to plan.

Benimaru and the rest desperately worked to bring the plan to fruition, completely forgetting the world’s words.

That gifts were coming to them was completely out of their minds,

＊　＊　＊

Rimuru fell into deep slumber.

His consciousness slipping from his fingers, he could no longer maintain the human form and reverted to being a slime.

Failing to reach the darkness he was in,

≪Announcement. The transformation into a demon lord, the Harvest Festival has begun.

Body reconstruction has begun, transforming into a new species≫

≪Confirmed.

Race: transforming from Slime into Demon Slime… successful.

All parameters have been greatly increased.

Ability to freely change between material and spiritual body has been added.

Species abilities are『Decomposition Absorption, Endless Regeneration』

Furthermore, with regards to acquired resistances, new ones have been added…

Physical Attack Nullification, Natural Effects Nullification, Status Change Nullification

Spiritual Attack Resistance, Holy Magic Resistance

Reconstruction has granted the following skills.

Now, with regards to daily skills,

『Magic Perception』『Heat Detection』『Super Olfaction』『Auditory Perception』『Demon Lord’s Ambition』

Have been added.

End of script, evolution has been completed.≫

And,

Being but a concept of a unique skill, without having any self-awareness, but for the sake of serving its master,『Great Sage』desired to evolve.

≪Announcement. Additional evolution shall be attempted.

Attempting to evolve『Great Sage』,

…failure.

…attempting again.

…failure.

…attempting again.

for what seemed to be an eternity

…integrating unique skill『Shapeshifter』… success.

Unique Skill『Great Sage』has evolved into『Wisdom Lord Rafael』≫

After attempting a million combinations, finally a result…

The Harvest Festival bestowed upon it such a gift.

The ability to evolve a skill.

To what this world knew as the Ultimate Skill.

That was something thought to be nearly impossible to occur.

After many failed attempts such was the results.

That was something desired by the skill in order to fulfill it’s master’s request; but, as a mere concept, it felt no joy.

It did feel sympathy, however.

But for it to feel sympathy and not joy…

With the new found ability, it went to work on it’s masters request.

But, to fulfill it… perhaps…

Again, evolution resumed.

『Gluttony』integrated with『Heartless One』and thus evolved into『Gluttonous King Beelzebub』.

In order to fulfill its master’s request.

Thus, while Rimuru’s consciousness was shrouded in darkness…

In order to fulfill his wish, his skills evolved in silence.

But the Harvest Festival did not end there.

The Gifts Rimuru would bestow were granted to every soul he was related to.

That was the Festival that accompanied the evolution.

A festival where a demon lord species evolved into the True Maou.

The festivities have only begun!

Few True Maou existed in this world.

Evolving into such was for a demon lord as difficult as for a normal person to evolve into a demon lord.

Among the ten demon lords, only four were True Maou.

Even those who have lived for many eons were not guaranteed such status.

Orc Disaster would have become such, but was stopped in the middle of his transformation.

Thus, the demon lords watch each other, in hopes of preventing others from evolving above them.

And now, a new True Maou has been born among them.

An event which would destroy the balance of power and bring chaos to their ranks…





Chapter 71: I, the one who had sprouted


They fled with all their might.

Their prided leg strength, trained for the sole purpose of slaying monsters, was used solely to get away from that spot at that moment.

Something unbelievable has happened right in front of their very eyes, and that was what their brain commanded instinctively.

Thus, they must flee this place immediately at all costs.

As if it were a demon lord, the moment that monster noticed the presence of the living, all the men simultaneously fled for the sake of their own survival.

Those who survived simultaneously sprang into action.

They calculated that this will raise their chances of survival, even by a little.

That’s what the men though.

They haven’t heard that such a monster was here.

The instant the light sparked, thousands of soldiers died. Even those who had built resistance against fear couldn’t help but panic.

Their hearts haven’t shattered solely due to the fear towards their owner, Sakaguchi Hinata, whom they serve.

Hinata hated them, but even if they were treated like worms, this will only make them feel gratitude instead of anger.

This was something obvious.

It’s because they were attracted by her overwhelming cold-heartedness and her strength, that they pledged loyalty to her out of fear.

They are strong individuals themselves. And in terms of battle prowess, they can rival even a holy knight.

However even in a group, they are no match for Hinata.

This had created absolute horror within them.

They can’t possibly think of any dissatisfaction.

TN Comment: A masochistic army?

Unbeknownst to them however, this fear served to be in their favor as it was thanks to this that they were able to survive.

The reason being that the moment their heart shatter due to fear, they would be as good as dead.

Their desire to inform Hinata about this has desperately spurred their feet into action.

They believed that if it’s Hinata, she can beat that monster.

However, the hopes of those men are going to be shattered. Because in the eyes of their pursuers, they are naught but simple prey.

All for the sake of being recognised.

Pathetic prey kept alive for the sake of recognition.

Without a sound, the devil gave chase to the prey.

A hunt after such a long time. It’ll be my lost if I don’t have fun.

A superb feast was given earlier, I am very satisfied.

This hunt will serve as an excellent after-meal exercise.

「Kufufufu. This is great isn’t it? Please entertain me~」

He mutters so with a twisted expression.

His smile was a smile that would spring forth fear from the very root of the soul in the beholder’s heart.

Already, two of his subordinates were let loose, there is no escape for the prey.

In front of the escaping men, two devils are blocking their way.

They suddenly appeared in front of them using spatial transportation.

Abandoning their friends, impatient men who immediately chose to escape had already disappeared.

Remembering the symbol of fear which was Hinata, they desperately held on to a thin margin of their mind.

The situation will not change for the better.

However, the pride in working for the church has allowed Blood Shadow to regain his confidence.

Instantly he was able to deduce the identity of the devil.

It was a greater devil.

It’s a dangerous foe. However, there is three of us.

He can win against one in a 1 vs 1 situation, there’s no way they could lose in a 3 vs 2.

「Tch! He summoned a difficult one! 」

「However, he’s not giving chase himself, perhaps he’s physically exhausted. 」

「Yes that’s true. Rampaging to that degree is bound to consume magical energy, that’s what I heard. 」

While they were conversing with one another, the greater devil took up a defensive posture.

The greater devil showed no sign of moving. The reason being that they are ordered only to act in a certain area.

The beautiful devil calmly walking up from behind is one of them.

「Kufufufu. Has this chase scene ended? Well then, please allow me to capture them. If they were to resist, please do whatever you want. However, no killing please, since we don’t want to end their suffering, do pay attention. 」

With a twisted smile, the beauty whose gender is indeterminable had spoken.

Seeing this spectacle, his legs gave way, resulting in incontinence.

With no strength left to complain, he didn’t even had the slightest intention to resist. Shattering in an instant, his spirit had broken.

「*Weird squealing noises*……」

TN Note: this actually translated to something, but it’s actually just gibberish in the end.

No words formed due to their dread.

These three men are notorious murderers who handled the dirty work of the church. They’re man whose skills in fighting against monsters are top notch.

The three men instantly recognized something the moment they witnessed this.

Rather, the fact that they were still alive to bear witness the death of many others was worthy of praise.

The greater devil, is only one of many substitutes working. The devil before their eyes is in a different league of its own.

Its existence can be called as such: Arch Demon.

A resident in the spirit world as well as to the physical world where humans reside, it is an existence above devils.

It is a spirit being, unmoved by the forces of this world unless reincarnated.

Essentially, they are on the same level as spirits.

When summoned with magical energy, all it could do is obtain a temporary physical body and function for a short duration.

However, there are also those who gain a physical body in the physical world.

One of the oldest demon lords is an example of such.

The demon lord was certain that there are remnants of recollections of formerly being an Arch Demon.

Arch Demons are the pinnacle of authoritarian figures of the demon kind.

Unofficially confirmed and only existing in a few records, they are half-legendary monsters.

Their strength, “A+”, is said to be equivalent to pre-demon lord class.

And their powers, remained as demon lords of legends.

A single devil who destroys untold numbers of towns.

In both name and reality, it is said to be the strongest of the demon lords.

Such a being with the caliber of a demon lord, the Arch Demon is right in front of his very eyes.

Naturally, he hasn’t heard of this. However, the miasma enveloping his body isn’t something easily dissipated.

There is no doubt, an Arch Demon has appeared.

There’s no means of victory. Far from that, it is impossible to escape.

Even a disaster class monster can be competed with because it’s a disaster class monster itself. (ED: I really have no idea what this means)

Against this kind of monster, even 100 greater devils is a far better opponent.

The men lost all hope and collapsed on the spot.

Looking at their state contently, the Demon had a deeply distorted smile on its face.

The Demon captured the three people, and had its subordinates bring them back to town.

One of them was appointed to lock up the men who were caught.

＊　＊　＊

Right in front of Benimaru’s eyes, Rimuru’s body has undergone irregular and strange changes away from his slime form.

It soon calmed down, returning to its original streamline shape.

However, this time it was suspicious blinking colours like red, blue, yellow, green and purple. There was also a variety of black and white.

And like this, some time had passed. At this point their sense of time has already become lost.

People had begun to worry how long had passed.

《Warning. The individual: Rimuru Tempest’s Demon lord evolution has been completed. Moving on, the blessing of all affiliated monsters shall commence》

The “Voice of the world” echoed.

Suddenly, a wave drowsiness struck.

It would seem that the Rimuru’s evolution was a success, thought Benimaru.

Next is their turn, but they’d never thought that they would possibly feel sleepy.

Thus they fell asleep unable to resist the urge.

However, he made a promise with Rimuru, he couldn’t possibly afford to fall asleep himself.

At that time, Rimuru’s body emitted dazzling rays of light.

When the light settled, it revealed a gorgeous being with long, lustrous silver hair.

Removing its familiar mask, it was Rimuru.

With silver hair flowing over its cheeks, it was a display of heavenly beauty.

It was tragic that this being has no gender.

TN: Benimaru, ruining the moment.

《WARNING. Leave the rest to me, please go to sleep 》

A voice resonated softly within his head.

The voice gave Benimaru a deep sense of security.

Benimaru, guided by the voice, was led to an irresistible slumber.

At the moment he was notified, Rimuru had a long hard look around to make sure no one else was up.

Only Myulan was awake, looking around, taking in the unbelievable scene.

With the exception of Youmu, all the other humans had already taken refuge in the emergency shelters in order to escape the high concentration of magical energy.

Therefore, the only person who’s still awake here is Myulan.

The person with the appearance of Rimuru confirms this fact with expressionless eyes.

Slowly, it began opening its arms.

Long hair flowed towards its back, and angelic wings sprouted, basking the surroundings with dazzling light.

《WARNING. The Wisdom Lord (Raphael) has commanded. The Gluttonous King (Beelzebub) shall devour all magical energy within the barrier》

By his command, the Gluttonous King began.

A brutal amount of power was released.

However, this time there was a reason for the activation of this ability.

This can be traced to the results the Wisdom Lord had calculated.

Within the city of tempest, all the magical energy was absorbed, rendering it into a void space.

After the barrier covering the town had been devoured cleanly, the ability of the Gluttonous King was halted.

It’s as if there was nothing at all.

The being with Rimuru’s appearance was the agent (Raphael) of the unconscious (Master).

Raphael walks up to Shion where she originally laid.

His hand hovering over the area, the analysis had begun.

Carefully. In order to fulfill the lord’s desire.

Myulan watched the figure with astonishment.

Being within the barrier, there was the threat they would be devoured in an instant, but even then……

It’s unlikely.

With the master in the state of unconsciousness. The ability took autonomous action.

If the command was issued beforehand that would have been understandable, but such was not the case this time.

Above all, the presence of this divine figure, was simply too different from Rimuru’s.

Rather, it was closer to that of a spirit than a monster.

It was such a stupid matter, yet she felt this is no laughing matter.

However, Myulan simply watched on without interfering.

＊　＊　＊

In response to Benimaru’s request, Youmu was waiting at the exit of the city.

Next to him, the devil Grucius.

With the Escaping King of Farmas and the Blood Shadow Captured, they had been asked to keep an eye on them to make sure they don’t escape.

But since there’s a barrier, there is no entering nor exiting.

So, even if Grucius were to be within the city, Ranga is still outside.

The King is confirmed to be in custody, tied up by the subordinates and then transported into the building.

TN Note: In case you don’t understand why Gurcius was outside earlier, but inside the town now, it’s because he received the package known as Blood Shadow and the King of Farmas, and is now supervising them within a structure in the town.

Due to the thick concentration of Magical energy, conditions outside the house are bad. However, due to various reasons it’s still too early to kill him.

He had heard that there are three escapees that are currently being pursued by the demon Rimuru summoned.

And so, Ranga went to sleep with that information in mind.

It seemed that he originally intended to wait for it, but in order to receive the gift, sleeping was necessary.

It also seems that he was lured into an irresistible deep sleep.

While watching him,

「But, to actually become a demon lord, I thought it was just a legend……」

Grucius muttered this while releasing a sigh of admiration.

The concentration of magical energy is terrible but with Youmu just outside of the town, it’s still possible to converse with him.

In regards to such a matter, Youmu heard nothing, not even a rumor.

Even he who was familiar with backdoors, there are still events he have no knowledge about, such as the evolution of a demon lord.

Rimuru Danna, a demon lord. He looked back emotionally.

「But, I have the feeling that even if danna becomes a demon lord, nothing will change. 」

He was deep in thought without muttering a word.

Grucius nodded with a laugh.

「That’s for certain.」

The two said and hoped that no change will occur in Rimuru.

To think that the other was thinking the exact same thing, the pair were pleased. Great minds really do think alike.

「Shion, I hope she resurrects……」

「There’s probably nothing to be worried about. Do you know that monsters, unlike humans, are very stubborn creatures? 」

Saying this, Grucius laughed.

This was a carefree idea to have, and Grucius seemed so.

「Hey you, so which demon lord did you serve? Can you tell me? 」

He asked regarding something that bothered him,

「Oh! You noticed.

Everyone ignored this topic……

At first I was troubled about how it was ridiculously easy to deceive you lot.

But actually, I……」

Then, under the command of the demon lord Karion, I was ordered to act as I see fit.

Thus, until the demon lord has issued his next command, he has decided to work under Youmu as his subordinate.

Youmu nodded,

「Glad to help you, and I’ll be relying on you」

And they firmly shook hands with each other.

Grucius and Myulan.

From here on after, the pair will be supporting Youmu.

.

The duo had a chat,

「Oya, are you here to deliver something? 」

A voice sounded out.

What he saw was a beautiful demon.

In Youmu’s eyes, the greater devil displayed dignity.

However, what Grucius saw was different.

All the hairs on his body stood up on end as he felt the magical energy of the opponent.

「Oyoy, this is the first time I’ve met you. Are you an Arch Demon? What are you doing here? 」

Grucius is still a young devil, he has no experience in conversing with a demon lord as a partner.

He didn’t even know about Milim, he’s lacking in information about the world.

That’s why, this was actually the first time he had met an Arch Demon. Yet the danger can be felt with a single glance.

「Kufufu. There’s no need to be on edge.

I am but a nameless demon summoned by Rimuru sama.

Those two left behind over there are but part of my chores.

For Rimuru sama, I solely wish to show him my usefulness. 」

What came out was a lovely and friendly voice.

But when he looked over, the two men who gazed at the greater devil had fainted.

No magic was detected in this, it’s very likely he had the combat abilities of a majin.

This is an Arch Demon? This is no joke.

That’s what he thought, but he said nothing.

Resistance is futile. So while Grucius was on edge, Youmu had trusted the man.

The King of Farmas was taken by his subordinates.

While they were having such a conversation, the barrier suddenly dissipated.

It seems something has happened.

Grucius and Youmu looked at each other, and started sprinting towards the town square.

The Demon didn’t run, but calmly used spatial movement.

With an understanding of spatial transfer, this was something trivial.

With his spatial transfer, he was the first to find Rimuru, and approached.

With gorgeous flowing sliver hair, it looked as if it was performing some sort of ritual for the deceased monster.

Beautiful, he obediently embraced this impression. He wanted to witness this scene with rapture, but he couldn’t do so any longer.

He silently approached to avoid causing disturbance, and kneeled.

「I have returned, my master. 」

He called out whilst paying close attention to make sure he doesn’t disturb the master.

He should have probably waited until the end of the ceremony, he was worried.

「Pardon me for my rudeness, however, it may appear that there isn’t enough energy」

What the Demon is witnessing is the ceremony most likely called 〈arcane soul recall〉.

Before resurrecting the dead, the arcane attempts to recreate a perfect replication of the soul.

If it fails, the person may become someone completely different, or even a monster.

Based on wisdom that humans will never understand, this arcane magic was devised.

Of course in order to actually use it a large amount of energy would actually be needed, and the amount of energy needed to control it was unimaginable.

Even High class devils will usually fail to control it.

Therefore only the most skilled with soul manipulation within the demon clan would see this through.

《Yes. The insufficiency of energy for the purpose of completely revival was confirmed. Thus, a certain amount of life force will be consumed as substitute. 》

These words had caused the Demon to panic.

「Please wait a moment Rimuru sama! To use your own life force as a substitute…

That’s it! There’s a better idea!

Please use these one’s instead! 」

Having find joy in this idea, the Demon had proposed such a thing to Rimuru

The greater devils walked up from behind, and knelt in front of him.

「For me, there is no greater joy than to be of assistance to you. 」

「……」

Rimuru, no Raphael, observed the demon with two shining red eyes.

No emotions reflect in those beautiful eyes,

《Understood. The amount of energy is confirmed to be sufficient in covering up the remaining portion.》

Then, he was devoured by the Gluttonous King (Beelzebub) without resistance.

The moment he was devoured, the greater devil dissimilated.

Then, he was converted to pure energy.

He was useful to his lord, his wish fulfilled. The energy was shining with a joyous colour.

TN Note: The ones devoured are his subordinates, not the Arch Demon himself.

「Oh……! I’m envious of you lot. However, as expect of my lord. As compared to when I saw you earlier, you have underwent growth! 」

He looked at the evolution of the lord with aspiring eyes.

To be reborn as a demon lord, to serve a beautiful master, that was the wish of the Demon.

TN comment: “It is unfortunate, but it has no gender.”

–Benimaru

To that end, it could be said he has proven useful.

He would do anything within his power to prove his worth.

《The required amount of energy has been confirmed. Now, the < Arcane Soul Recall > shall commence.》

Confirming that the amount of energy is sufficient, the Demon was still.

Unless it was his turn, he fears that should he intervene it would only bring about failure.

Right before the eyes of the Demon, the < Arcane Soul Recall > has successfully completed.

A transparent, beautiful ball of light, covered in a smooth thin purple film.

This, was the soul acting as the core, and the Astral body forming the outer defense.

The <Method to resuscitate the deceased> moved on, and Shion’s soul returned to her body.

The success rates are lower than 3.14%. However, this probability was calculated prior to the evolution to a demon lord.

Shion’s soul, thanks to the blessing, has retained all her memories.

Rimuru’s wish has taken form, and this blessing was bestowed.

In addition to retaining all her memories, there’s an extra skill 『Complete Memory』.

It is an ability that will allow the soul to return safely from the dead for an unlimited amount of times.

ED: You serious.

With her soul and body establishing a connection once more, Shion’s core had begun beating once more.

And the dead has been revived.

No, It was a miracle that happened precisely right when the soul was about to disappear. Rimuru’s and everyone else’s prayers were not in vain.

Raphael, did not show any signs of joy in response to this success.

This was a result obtained through calculations and probabilities, just that.

It didn’t think of this as sadness, nor can it understand anything else.

Even so… in the depths of this emotionless mind, is an ego tucked into a corner.

Doubting his own existence, a small glimmer of a thought was subtly born, unbeknownst to the Wisdom Lord (Raphael)

“I think, therefore I am”

TN Note: look up Descartes.

ED: “People don’t think the universe be like it is, but it do.” –Black Science Man

This will become a proposition for the Wisdom Lord (Raphael) in the future.

When Shion, the one who took the most damage successfully revived, the remaining 100 people also began to revive.

Their souls began to restore, and energy-filled astral bodies appeared once more.

Following the flow of work, < Arcane Soul Recall > and < Method to resuscitate the deceased> activated, and it ended with success.

The miracle, unknown to those within the city of monsters, was secretly granted by him.

Only two monsters know about this. Myulan and the Demon.

Myulan gazed at the scene without making a sound as she was completely mesmerized by the ritual.

She is someone who pursues the ultimate arcane magic and was clearly charmed by this.

Regarding an unbelievable high level Arcane magic, she had managed to witness a glimpse of it from the vessel of the demon lord Rimuru.

They themselves aren’t on the level of a Devil.

Even Clayman was dissatisfying. Then, she sworn that she was lucky and thankful to have gained recognition.

She had decided to lead Youmu so that Rimuru will never treat him as an enemy.

Thus, the oath will become something to protect at all cost.

Without uttering a word, the Demon dreamily looked at Rimuru and began considering.

Now, I’m having a conversation with myself, and not Rimuru? That’s what I though.

A skill gaining his own ego, that’s something unheard of. In order to fulfill the wish of its master, a skill acting of its own accords, that is something unprecedented.

Ridiculous. Such a thing couldn’t possibly happen.

Seemingly, that possibly was discarded.

Then such a thing…please give it to your subordinates by all means. Thus, a new determination was rekindled.

After a while, the footsteps of two individuals could be heard.

Rimuru (Raphael) had completed his objective, and returned to a deep slumber.

The panicking Youmu rushed over when he noticed Shion breathing like someone asleep.

「Oy, Shion san and the rest, have they been successfully revived? 」

Regarding this question, Myulan was troubled for a moment,

「Yes. According to the sharing of gifts during the evolution, they seemed to be successfully revived. Now if only their memories are intact, then we’re all good. 」

And then, they’ll be alright, right. She muttered something that Youmu couldn’t hear.

When doing so, the town folks began waking up one after the other.

The concentration of Magical power has been thinned, and they all panicked when they realized the barrier was gone……But it all boils down to joy when they realized Shion has resurrected.

The city named tempest was in a festive mood, and they were all wrapped up in joy.

Those who know that the resurrection was bought about not by a miracle, but through an ability (Raphael), numbered only two.

And in the shadows, the ego of the skill the Wisdom Lord (Raphael) has sprouted, was an event no one knew about.





Chapter 72: Upon Awakening


A new morning has come!

That nostalgic phrase appeared in my mind.

It’s been a long time since I last felt the feeling of awakening.

I mean, since I don’t need to sleep in this world, this is this body’s first experience at sleeping.

I behold the scene before me, and see busy preparations occurring in every corner of the city.

Even a quick feel reveals pulsating strength emanating from their bodies.

That, I believe, is the effect of my evolution.

「Ah! Rimuru-sama, you have awakened!」

I hear a nostalgic voice.

And from behind me, I feel a nostalgic aura.

I was hugged from behind by two warm, soft hills.

Evolution hasn’t changed my slime form very much.

If anything, my color became silver with streaks of gold.

So… I’m that, right? Gold Slime or something?

The one that can move at the speed of light.

Though that’s probably impossible, I do feel a kind of “highest type of slime around” aura about me.

This me was sitting on top of Shion’s lap, her cheek rubbing against mine.

Yup. It feels great.

But, thank goodness! As planned, she seems to have resurrected.

And I have become a demon lord.

Moreover, not just Shion, but every person felled by the Blood Shadows has successfully come back to life.

I had worried whether the success rate was affected by distance from me, so I’m glad everyone was able to resurrect.

Well, I guess even『Great Sage』makes mistakes. Though I don’t mind if they make me happy.

While rejoicing at her rebirth, I also dutifully enjoyed the feel of her breasts.

A truly heavenly moment it was.

But as if intending to ruin this beautiful moment,

「Oh, Rimuru-sama, you have awakened?

But I must confirm whether you are fully yourself, or else we couldn’t rest easy.

You should remember our code, don’t you?

Now then, let me confirm.『How’s Shion’s cooking?』how will you respond!」

With an evil smile, Benimaru asks me.

Of course I remember,『It’s horrible』right? Seriously, what a worrywart.

The moment I thought to respond, I noticed the peril I was in.

Hmm? Aren’t I being held by Shion right now…?

If I say『It’s horrible』… what will happen I wonder…

A terrifying image filled my mind.

Wouldn’t she squash me out of anger?

Damn it! He got me!!! A classic Hiroaki styled trap.

What should I say? What would be a good response?

Right! Great Sage will certainly come up with a good answer.

I thought, and tried activating『Great Sage』but it did not respond.

What… does this mean…? Hey, Great Sage!!!

≪Announcement. Unique Skill『Great Sage』has evolved into Ultimate Skill『Raphael』

As a result, it has been erased and cannot be used.≫

Oh… so even my skills evolved.

But, Raphael, huh? Named after an angel; seems pretty amazing.

That aside, what’s important is escaping this perilious situation.

Alright, Raphael, what’s the best phrase to deceive Shion with?

≪Solution. After some calculations, an adequate phrase was not found≫

Useless~!!!

Great Sage was no good with these situations and Raphael is just as bad.

Honestly, so did the evolution affect the name without changing any parameters!

Of course, this exchange happened within a single second.

「Eh? What about my cooking?」

「Hmm? Oh, it’s been so long that Rimuru-sama wants a taste, right?

That way you’ll be able to show the results of your efforts.

Surely, he’ll happily accept the meal?

And just a side note, I don’t need any!」

Benimaru said such a wicked thing.

And to try to leave himself out of it… this bastard!

You know… just when I woke up in a good mood, to be sentenced to eternal sleep is…!

Shion happily accepted his proposal, and hastily ran off screaming “I have received his favor!”

I felt an unbelievable fear overtake me.

「Hey, what are you doing! No way I could respond『It’s horrible』you know!

You purposefully trapped me, didn’t you, Benimaru!」

「Hahaha, I have no idea what you’re talking about. Well, shouldn’t you have a taste after so long? Thanks to the constant taste testing that I do, I’ve recently acquired『Poison Resistance』…」

Benimaru said with a distant gaze.

A… are you kidding me.『Poison Resistance』…

Didn’t you just equate her cooking to poison?!

What a tragedy. To find myself in it right after awakening.

Just after enduring one peril, to find myself in another?

The revived have come to greet me.

Though their aura has slightly changed, their personalities seem to be the same.

No lapses in memory, and their souls are properly attached to thier bodies.

However, each one has acquired the extra skill『Perfect Memory』

「This way, no matter how many times we die, we’ll resurrect!」

They said as a joke… or not?

Extra skill「Perfect Memory」is a skill related to soul memory.

What is normally impossible, but they have now acquired a skill reserved for spiritual lifeforms only.

After each one offered their greeting, they all returned to work on the festival.

Whether to celebrate their new-found power or what, they decided to hold a festival.

But, when they started coming up with hilarious names for it, like『Maou’s Birthday Party』or『Let’s Worship Rimuru-sama Party』for example, I sincerely wanted to stop them.

Well, it’s fine.

They can have all the fun they want today. After all, they are in very festive mood already.

For a festival-loving Japanese that I am, any reason is good enough.

Since coming up with some random reason to drink heavily is in every adult’s nature.

I had offered to help, but with grand reverence they rejected my offer.

Well, I can’t boast in my ability to prepare festivals anyways, so I’ll rest up as requested.

Then, a person I have been seeing around here a lot ran up to me.

「Your awakening fills me with endless joy.

Allow me to congratulate you from the bottom of my heart for your rebirth as a demon lord」

He says, bowing deeply.

Who’s that? Seems like a very high ranked demon, but I don’t know…

「And please pardon the rudeness, but regarding my earlier request to become your humble servant…

How shall you respond? Have you made your decision?」

Becoming my servant… he says?

Umm, I do remember summoning one or two greater demons…

But no matter how I look at him, he’s clearly beyond them?

I was sleepy back then and couldn’t see very well, so could he be one of them…?

「Are you the one I summoned using the soldiers’ corpses?」

「As you say. It was truly a delicious meal.

As a result, I was successfully able to materialize.」

「… Ah, is that so. Good for you」

What about the other two?

≪Solution. The〈Secret Revival Art〉was lacking the necessary energy.

Thus, and to fulfill their wish, they have been used and erased.≫

Wow.

Raphael is saying such terrifying things with such a happy tone.

It’s even more heartless than Great Sage, and just showing off that wicked personality. And though I thought it useless a little bit ago, it has been supporting me from the shadows this whole time.

Sorry for thinking that you are useless.

However, to use up those demons that wanted only to be of use to me is just sad…

「Alright, got it. From now on you are one of my comrades.

What’s your name?」

「Oh! You are too kind. But one such as I am a mere nameless demon.」

Hmm? A high ranked existence but nameless, huh.

Can’t be helped. Let’s give him a name.

But what name would be good?

Demons that I know of… There’s the one that became humanity’s ally.

There won’t be any copyright violations if I use it, right? But, since this is a different world, I probably won’t be sued…

Ah, whatever.

「Alright. In that case, you won’t mind if I give you a name, will you?」

「Will you truly? ‘Tis the greatest reward imaginable!!!」

His beautiful face curved in a delighted smile.

Yep, I really am predisposed to be loved by monsters.

Time to get serious.

This time, super car series.

Was it…

「Your name shall be Diablo.

Receive that name, and become my guardian deity!」

The moment I named him a considerable amount of energy escaped me.

I’ve really gotten used to feeling this. But hey, he took only half, at most.

I mean, I was worried that being a high demon and all he’ll take all of it, but…

If I remember correctly, when I named the Greater Demon Beretta I was left with only a third of what I had; I guess a Greater Demon is also a high ranked existence.

≪Solution. Individual: Diablo was an Archdemon to begin with.

As the result of the evolution, Master’s total magical energy amount has greatly increased.

Compared to the original amount, it is now ten times as large≫

Y-yeah.

Did Raphael just randomly decide to offer the advice… But, I seem to have said something inexcusable.

I mean, I’m happy that it is now ten times larger, but he took a half of that?!

This is… that, right? “Oops, I did it again” feeling?

Won’t he become some absurdly powerful fiend.

The demon in front of me, kneeling, stopped moving. A black cocoon enveloped his body creating a perfect evolution posture.

Yep, I’ve done it again.

No cure for stupidity, so nothing I can do about this now.

Let’s just hope that should it decide to rampage, that I’ll be able to stop it.

Since the evolution did not look like it was going to end soon, I just left him there.

From now on: let’s be careful about naming monsters!

I promised to myself but was confident that I wouldn’t keep this promise.

Having completely forgotten about Diablo, I spent the time watching the festival preparations.

While everyone was merrily fulfilling their tasks, I was dreading the meal prepared by Shion.

And then, it came.

The feared, Shion’s Cooking… also known as the most lethal weapon around.

With a bright, happy smile she brought me the meal(?).

Time to say my prayers. It’s here.

Beholding the steaming dish,

「W-waaaaaait~! What is this? What the hell is this?」

That’s not food.

I shall not permit anyone to recognize this as cooking.

A bunch of things flowing in the broth? Was she trying to make… Stew?

Listen girl, when someone questions your food, you’ve already lost.

「Hey, hey! Shion, wait. I have something I need to ask.

Have you ever heard the phrase “prepare the ingredients”?」

「Of course, Rimuru-sama! How does it look? Doesn’t it look delicious?」

「You fool!

Why are carrots, potatoes, peppers, onions, and the other ingredients floating whole in there?!

So that you can tell them apart by looking or something?

You have to peel and cut them first!」

I screamed.

And when I saw Benimaru walking by,

「What’s this all about? There’s clearly been no improvement?」

Dodging my words like holy water, Benimaru shrugged,

「Nope, this is impossible for me.

I have hit a wall. A wall called reality.

I had never thought that something could be impossible, but this time I tasted defeat」

He said, scooting away.

What’s with “a wall called reality” crap. Stop screwing with me.

I have to eat it, huh…?

When I look at Shion, her eyes are full of tears and she’s trembling.

No choice, opening my heart to the unknown like a monk, I decided to take the first step towards nirvana…

「Got it, I’ll eat it.

But, next time, please at least prepare the ingredients…」

「Umm, about that. I did try, but I end up cutting the building…」

「Huh?」

「No, the “Hercules’ Edge” is plenty sharp, but it’s a little long…」

Pointing at the odachi on her back.

She was cooking, no.,.. trying to cook with that?!

When I looked at Benimaru, he held up his arms as if giving up.

What an undependable guy. My opinion of him is quickly falling.

「A sword is not a tool for cooking. You get it?

Surely there’s a knife around or something?」

「No, I am one with “Hercules’ Edge” so cheating on it is a bit…」

「Ah, is that so. I thought of giving you a knife as a present soon, but I guess there’s no need for that now.」

「I was wrong! “Hercules’ Edge” is perfectly fine with me cheating on it, it said!」

「I see… I’ll give you knife some time soon, so please use that to cook」

What a good person.

That should do it. At least, the ingredients shouldn’t come out like that anymore.

If I at this food… no, I refuse to recognize it as food!.. If I ate this thing, I should acquire『Poison Resistance』I guess.

It’ll probably be useful from now on.

No choice, I have evolved into a demon lord. I won’t die from eating some food.

I change into my human form, and commit myself to eating it.

Steeling myself, I “welcome” some unknown substance into my mouth.

Without chewing, I swallow… Huh? Something’s wrong.

It’s pretty damn delicious.

N-no way! Though it looks completely inedible.

I open my eyes, and, with utmost care, eat another spoonful.

Delicious…

Benimaru was looking at me, as if praying. His eyes were asking me whether I was alright.

Which means that when Benimaru tasted it, it was really bad.

Shion has a triumphant smile on her face.

That did annoy me a bit.

「Shion, what is this…

Why, unlike how it looks, it tastes great?」

Fufufu, the thing is…

She said, and began the explanation…

In short, in the middle of the evolution, when she needed to express her dearest wishes, she wished for her cooking to be delicious.

I bet only she made such a wish during my gift granting ceremony.

What was she thinking, seriously?

But, I guess that’s just like her; no, this is just who Shion is.

「Ehehe. Thus, I obtained this skill.

The name, unique skill『Cook』!」





I’m so amazed I have nothing to say.

To obtain a unique skill in order to cook, just how persistent was she?

When I asked about it, apparently no matter what she uses, it turns out delicious.

When Shuna found out about this, her eyes were full of tears of despair and hatred. Well, for someone who strives hard to succeed, such a skill is unforgivable.

But Shion has completely went off course trying to improve.

Well, that is just like her, I guess.

The day was thus in preparations of the festival, and we partied deep into the night.

Completely erasing the air of tragedy of a few days ago, the city with filled with smiling faces.

Youmu and Ellen also participated in the festival, and thoroughly enjoyed themselves.

There are a lot of loose ends to fix tomorrow, and we need to discuss the future.

But, not now.

Now, let’s enjoy our lives to the fullest.

That’s just our way of life.





Chapter 73: The Freed One


Wouldn’t Resurrection Festival work? My words decided『Tempest Resurrection Festival』as its official name.

We are planning on celebrating it every year.

And now, two days have passed since it ended…

There are a few problems that are giving me a headache. No, I’m being serious this time.

After a knocking sound came from my door, Rigurdo and Bester came inside.

The 14 yet-living assailants.

We are currently in the middle of gathering information.

And, all our “sources” are meekly confessing all they know.

It seems that Farmas Kingdom and the like have begun to beg for mercy.

Even the well trained Blood Shadows and Church’s messengers quickly give up and confess when a demon is presented to them

A demon can inspire fear into its enemies hearts and thus control the soul.

While there is a chance to resist a greater demon and inferior, an archdemon like Diablo doesn’t take “no” for an answer.

As a result, one usually goes mad, so they decided to confess all they knew rather than meet such a fate.

By the way, even if they had committed suicide, we can just directly manipulate their soul or tamper with their brains.

That, too, is a well known ability of greater demons, so no one is foolish enough to kill themselves before one.

So if you want to disappear along with all of your secrets, you’d have to kill yourself by completely destroying your body.

I hadn’t thought that capture meant a complete leak of information, but it is common sense in this world.

So it would be an understatement to say that the spies of this world risk their lives.

Well, as a result, we were quickly able to obtain information from them.

As for the headache I mentioned earlier, that would be: what do we do with them now?

My wrath has subsided when Shion and the rest resurrected.

As a result, I lost the desire to kill the shabby old man and the church’s dogs.

Wait, that list does not include the fanatics. Those die no matter what.

I cannot forgive the perpetrators of that incident.

According to the information we obtained, they were not ordered to attack the inhabitants during their “visit”.

The orders came from Cardinal Nicholas.

It was simple: declare war.

But, as deploying the elite knights would require Hinata’s approval, they decided to send their Blood Shadows pets instead, which lead us to that tragedy.

Thirsting for blood and assured of their superiority, they rampaged without being ordered to.

Which I found out just as I was thinking of treating the as prisoners of war or by some other martial law.

Moreover, the general opinion among us was, as we are not humans, we should live by monster rules.

Anyways, we can kill them at any time.

So I decided to investigate what other countries do in such situations.

Ellen and Youmu didn’t know much about the internal dealings of the countries, so it was pointless to ask them.

That’s when I remembered about Bester.

Thus, I went to ask his opinion.

Entering, Bester greeted me by saying,

「It has been a while, Rimuru-sama! What a calamity we have endured」

A calamity it is. It’s not over, after all.

「That it was. There’s something I want to ask, what are human wars like?」

I tried asking Bester.

I’m not good at haggling, nor is there a need to.

Thus, I heard about human wars from Bester.

First, members of Conference Coalition do not normally wage war.

For example, there’s a rule that stipulates that a country has to declare the war at a general conference prior to beginning hostilities.

If this is not done, the country loses membership, and is recognized as a common enemy for all states.

Wars are easy to start, hard to stop. I’m surprised to see that phrase has become a rule.

For now, let’s consider the situation where they did declare war at a conference.

First, they decide on a date for combat and use that time to evacuate civilians.

Next, they are not allowed to engage their opponent until the opportune date.

Information gathering and failure to abide by the above rules constitutes a violation of the Coalition’s code.

As a result, the concept known as “spy” is generally considered to be currently absurd. Even if they do exist, they must always be on their guard to escape before the civilians are evacuated.

Any reported violations constitute transgression of the Coalition’s code.

Well, considering such strict rules, they might as well say that spies are forbidden. Though what kind of spy chooses the profession expecting to be caught?

After the war has begun there are two kinds of wars: limited war and extermination war. (Well, there’s also economic war, but let’s leave that one aside)

Limited War is one which seeks to alleviate the burden on the civilians and restrict the battle to a designated battlefield.

It’s kind of like a sport, the extremest of the extremes, though.

Of course, to prevent the overwhelming advantage of the terrain, the defending side chooses the field of battle.

This is also chosen at the moment the war has been declared.

The latter, the War of Extermination, goes by the “anything goes” rule.

It doesn’t end until one state becomes the other’s vassal or falls completely. Not something you’d want to choose unless you had no other choice.

In this case, whether you win or lose, you have to have a legitimate reason to invade.

If you don’t, then it’s a simple war of conquest.

And, you’d incur the risk of being attacked by other coalition members as a result.

In other words, this type of war rarely, if ever, happens.

But wouldn’t declaring neutrality be optimal for avoiding conflict? Of course not.

The Dwarf Kingdom, for example, has advanced technology and great value.

Thus, they had to build up a power to resist those who would try to conquer them.

Powerless justice is useless.

But in reality, it would be hard to explain to other countries why you’re declaring war on the neutral Dwarf Kingdom, and even more so, considering their military might.

Nobody wants to kill themselves by getting caught up in another’s greed.

Thus, after some wars resulted in the creation of the Conference, which brings us to the current state of things

Such are the rules set by the Conference Coalition.

Now, what about the non-members?

For example, the Eastern Empire.

That’s a military nation that increased in size by absorbing its weaker neighbors.

Coalition’s Rules do not apply to this state.

It invades when it wants and tramples down anyone in its wake.

So it also makes full use of spies.

Death to those who disobey!

That’s the principle they live by, so if the target state does not swear allegiance within a week, they immediately invade.

Luckily, their sphere of influence fails to extend into the Jura Forest, so there have been victims among nearby states.

But, considering what has happened to states that battled with the Empire, the Conference Coalition cannot ignore this threat.

The Dwarf Kingdom was somehow able to establish diplomatic relations with the Empire and so avoided a potential invasion.

Well, their military strength and strength of that king certainly has something to do with it.

Having heard this information, I can’t help but think of the Coalition as a bunch of weak states coming together for mutual protection.

Powerful countries decide war and fate by their own strength.

Of course, even if they don’t violate the rules, it’s not like they won’t deviate from them.

I see; I understood all of this to a certain degree.

Now, as for when the war has ended…

What happens to prisoners of war?

That, too, Bester had explained.

The Conference forbids the murder of messengers. That is true in any world, I guess.

Next, it’s rare for a country’s king to become a prisoner of war.

Even wars of extermination rarely end up in complete annihilation. Unless you’re a fool, you’d surrender when the war has reached your own soil.

Refusing the surrender and slaughtering everybody would earn you animosity from other countries.

In the first place, a king that allows his own land to be invaded quickly loses the trust of his men and is disposed of.

In other words, since he’s been dishonored, there’s no need to kill him. That’s how it is.

I see.

In that case, while I can just kill him off, sending him back might be a better idea.

「Thank you for your input. I’m glad you’re here, Bester」

I said.

“No, no, not at all!” Bright red, Bester replied with a beaming smile.

Sorry, honestly, that’s damn creepy.

I’m glad he’s gotten rid of that sharp personality and mellowed out… but he really is just an old man.

「Oh, before I forget. On my journey to the Dwarf Kingdom, how much can I report?」

「Ah, as much as you want. They might have a useful opinion」

I gave my permission.

Even if we hide it, they’d find out eventually. So we might as well be honest from the start.

I thanked the bashful Bester again and had him leave.

That guy, maybe he’s not bashful but just fascinated by me…

I had taken my human form half way through the conversation.

And, I’m not wearing the mask since it’s in the middle of repairs right now.

No way… is he a lolicon? A terrifying possibility filled my mind.

I pray that’s not the case!

I think about our earlier conversation.

If that’s how it is, letting the king and the messengers go is the best choice… maybe.

I still have the unique skill『Heartless One』as well.

Their hearts have been broken long ago so they can no longer betray me.

When I though that,

≪Announcement. Unique Skill『Heartless One』has been absorbed by ultimate skill『Beelzebub』

Therefore, it has been erased and is currently unusable≫

O-oh…

Just when I thought I have gotten a useful skill.

To only use it once–for what purpose did I acquire it? Well, I did think that I didn’t need it, though.

So that aside.

I feel that the skills that I have gotten used to have greatly changed.

There’s a need to verify this. For some reason, I felt that urgent need.

Well, maybe we should release the king and the messenger, but that’s something to discuss among all of us.

I left the 12 Blood Shadows to Shion.

After knocking some information out of them, she’ll probably have me eat another one of her meals.

Using the『Cook』skill that she has recently obtained.

Doesn’t she know that she doesn’t have to feed me? Thats sickening… you know?

Having thus decided our next steps, I had Rigurdo schedule a meeting.

A conference of all department heads.

That’s what I decided to do.

That being so, there’s one more problem to solve.

I look Rigurdo in the eyes,

「How is it? Investigation going fine?」

I ask.

Not just my skills, but every single monster’s abilities have greatly increased along with my evolution.

They were told by the “Voice of the World” about the gifts they were to receive.

Those with a relation to me probably includes every monster I have named.

Rigurdo nodded,

「We are still in the middle of surveying the population.

The women have been saying some incomprehensible things like their skin getting smooth and pretty or something.

Their vitality has certainly increased.

Those specialized in combat have acquired individual skills and squad unity skills.

Interestingly enough, the Goblin Riders and the Star Wolves have acquired the rare extra skill『Unification』」

Extra skill『Unification』means exactly what it sounds like, no hidden meaning here.

They became as if one being, able to move quickly on all fours and get a boost of strength.

Their strength puts them at about rank A-. Even the worst among them would dominate the B ranked.

Surprisingly, all one hundred have this skill.

Rigurdo’s report continues.

Among the 100 resurrected–the children have all evolved into adolescents.

Perhaps this evolution was inspired by their regret at being unable to fight.

They have all obtained『Perfect Memory EX』and『Endless Regeneration EX』skills.

Though these are merely extra skills, they work well together.

That is, even if their heads get blown off, they can change into astral body state and thus avoid death.

In other words, they obtained regenerative abilities equal to that of Orc Disaster.

And there’s a hundred of them. How absurd.

Thus, along with Shion, who got carried away obtaining this absurd ability, they have been calmly enduring intensive training.

I mean, we won’t die! The boys and girls of the city told me…

I have no words.

Should I reprimand them or tell them to work hard?

Though they are only C+ ranked at most right now, I have a feeling that they will become our strongest squad yet.

They have even named their squad “Yomigaeri“–those who have surpassed death.

The 4,100 hobgoblins under Benimaru’s command have evolved in an interesting way.

The strongest among them, 100 men, evolved into Ogres.

Just as the oni had wanted, probably; these ogres belong to the first village I had saved.

They are now Benimaru’s personal bodyguards, and have been named “Kurenai‘ (Crimson). They possess rank A- strength.

And, as our vanguards with『Fire Manipulation』and『Thermal Resistance EX』skills, the rest of the hobgoblins are thus our fire squad.

Though they are still ranked C+, they are surprisingly powerful.

I had named them the Green Corps, but that’s no good following the evolution.

That is, as Benimaru’s subordinates, the red suits them…

The name “green” doesn’t, however. My failure to think ahead led to this.

But hey, no need to think that far!

Monster evolution is unpredictable.

So in defiance, I had the Green Corps’ equipment dyed emerald.

In the first place, color has no effect on their ability to freely manipulate fire.

The high orcs evolved as a herd.

They all obtained『Iron Wall EX』skill that allows them to create a protective wall out of earth.

Moreover, they also obtained『Full Body Armor』defense ability.

The inherited most of my resistances, noting that Physical Attack Resistance includes『Pain, Corrosion, Paralysis, Electricity』resistances.

So, if I have them eat a lot of Shion’s cooking, would they acquire poison resistance? What foolish thing I thought!

Though there are individual differences, there are no problems as a whole.

They each can be evaluated as B ranked.

And this is when they have lived up to their “Yellow Corps” name.

A squad specializing in creating walls to ward off attacks. They are Tempest’s main force.

As for Gabil’s 100 Dragonewts,

Of course, they are at least ranked A- each.

They acquired『Dragon Knight Transformation』and『Flame Breath』or『Thunder Breath』abilities.

Though their efficiency dropped, their power greatly increased.

Honestly, I still don’t really know what『Dragon Knight Transformation』does. Though they obtained it, they can’t seem to use it yet.

I have a bad feeling about it, so maybe that’s a good thing.

“So just use it when you’re in danger!” is pure negligence.

Such a phrase is almost sacrilegious to Gabil and his troops.

But to think that they have also acquired flying abilities and can now shoot their breath from the sky…

Though they haven’t obtained any new resistances, they did have high resistance to begin with.

With their scale armor being strong as steel.

Only a direct strike could penetrate their armor.

So being able to fly puts them at an overwhelming advantage over their enemies.

Their name, “Hiryu” (Flying Dragons).

Unfortunately, they currently might be our strongest unit.

And thus the report continued.

Seems like my efforts up till now truly paid off.

All I got from that was: our strength greatly increased. Just that.

Though we are not even ten thousand strong, we can easily crush larger armies.

Compared to the one I annihilated, we are overwhelmingly stronger.

You know, I’m not even surprised anymore.

Our only weakness is our small numbers.

Since we can’t easily increase our numbers, that will cause us problems from now on.

Thus we concluded surveying the populace.

Next up: management…

According to Rigurdo, they are not yet certain.

Well, that’s just how it should be.

Even I am not yet completely aware of my abilities.

Rather than worrying about others, it’s best to worry about yourself first.

Requesting that Rigurdo continue the investigation, I left the place to verify my abilities.

I headed straight to the Cave of the Seal.

Meeting Gabil on the way, I ordered that no one intrude, and entered the cave.

Now then, let’s call forth ultimate skill『Raphael』

I ordered that it teach me about the changes that occurred as the result of the evolution.

Here’s what I found.

Status

Name: Rimuru Tempest

Species: Demon Slime

Blessing: Storm Crest

Title: “Demon Lord”

Magic:〈Magic Energy Manipulation Archive〉〈Great Spirit Summoning〉

〈Great Demon Summoning〉

Skills: Species-skill『Decomposition Absorption, Endless Regeneration』

Ultimate Skill『Wisdom King Raphael』

…Though Acceleration・Appraisal・Parallel Processing・

Chant Annulment・All of Creation・Fusion・Separation

Ultimate Skill『Gluttonous King Beelzebub』

…Predation・Analysis・Stomach・Mimic・Segregation・

Decomposition・Supply・Food Chain・Soul Eater

Daily Skills…『Magic Perception』『Heat Detection』『Auditory

Perception』『Super Olfaction』

『Demon Lord’s Ambition』

Battle Skills…『Thread Manipulation』『Cloning』『Chaos Breath』

『Law Manipulation』『Attribute Change』『Thought

Domination』『Demon Lord Transformation』

Mimic: Demon, Spirit, Black Wolf, Black Snake, Centipede, Giant Bat, Giant

Spider, Lizard, Goblin, Orc

Resistances: Physical Damage Nullification, Natural Attack Nullification, Status

Change Nullification

Spirit Attack Resistance, Holy Magic Resistance

That is all.

A bunch of things seemed to have disappeared, but since I am in the middle of receiving the skills that my allies acquired, I should be able to use many more.

I had thought that only the name changed for many of these, but I was clearly wrong.

Thought Acceleration, for example, has now increased to 1,000,000 times as fast.

I can’t explain it in words very well… when I used it, time seemed to stop.

While intending to ask Raphael about each skill,

≪Announcement. As ordered,『Infinite Prison』has been analyzed.

Will you release Individual: Veldora? [YES]/[NO]≫

What an announcement it so casually made!

It was so sudden, that I couldn’t respond…

But… finally!

It has taken a year, but I can finally keep my promise.

All that’s left is… procuring a spirit medium for him.

The thought of testing the skills has completely fled my mind.

I release you, Veldora!

And, I chose [YES]!





Chapter 74: Veldora


The moment I ordered『Wisdom King Raphael』to release Veldora, I felt an energy storm rage within me.

I felt a soul of overwhelming power be released.

(I am reborn!!!)

Don’t you sound weird? I wanted to retort, but abstained and,

(Yo! It’s been a while, how have you been?)

I offer a light greeting.

(… What’s with that… I’m back and such a lousy greeting…

But that was quicker than expected. I had thought it’d be a while longer)

(Nope!『Infinite Prison』did take a while, though.

Had my『Great Sage』skill not evolved, it’d take another hundred years.

(Well, my unique skill『Investigator』has also been analyzing the prison.

Sadly, as it was sealed inside, I couldn’t send『Great Sage』the report.

How absurdly strong it was,『Infinite Prison』! As expected of a hero.

By the way, what’s with the skills evolving?)

Veldora asked and I began the explanation.

My transformation into a demon lord made my unique skills evolve into ultimate skills.

『Great Sage』had become『Raphael』and its analytical abilities greatly increased.

(Hoho, so that’s how it was. Oh, and you became a demon lord in less than a year!

Unlike those fakes, awakened demon lords are really strong, you know!

(Well! Who would’ve known! Could I be a genius?

I was the strongest slime around since birth though, jeez.

That much is a given, no?)

(Are you an idiot? Doing such absurd things. Indeed, I have felt you drawing out absurd amounts of magical energy once in a while.

And then going around naming people left and right… you do know that whenever you didn’t have enough energy it came from me, right?

What a ridiculous guy.

I thought that by having my energy taken by you would extend the imprisonment, but who would have thought you’d shorten it by evolving.

Very unexpected, I must say!)

Eh? So the reason I was fine naming everyone was because of Veldora?

Never once did I think that the risk-free evolution I was witnessing was strange.

I guess I can’t be naming people as recklessly anymore.

I see… now I understand why the demon lords don’t just quickly increase the number of their followers.

Well, this late in the game, let’s just say that everything went according to plan.

(Yeah? I planned this all, though (a blatant lie)!

By the way, did a gift reach you?

The demon lord evolution mentioned something about gifts given to everyone I was linked to)

He made an incredulous face.

And thinking for a second,

(Ooooh! So that’s the skill evolution!

My unique skill『Investigator』evolved into ultimate skill『Investigation King Faust』.

Recognizing my inquisitive spirit, I was granted path to the ultimate truth!)

He is very excited.

Just as he looks, he’s quite an airhead I guess.

Though that’s perfectly fine.

To the greatly elated Veldora,

(Good for you, I guess. Skill evolution happens unexpectedly often, right?)

I ask,

(Fool! I didn’t expect such a thing to happen for a few thousand years.

Well, since those who’ve experienced it don’t go boasting about it, it’s more of a secret than anything.

You have experienced something truly precious!)

He responded.

I mean, yeah, considering that demon lords don’t just awaken every day, it would be a pretty rare occurrence.

I do want to continue talking for a while longer, but Veldora is probably itching to go outside.

But I worry whether it will be fine.

He’s being traced by the Church’s magic, after all.

Wouldn’t they find out the moment he exists?

(Hey, now that we cracked the seal and you have been reborn, will you go outside?

But, the problem is, you leak so much aura that everyone will find out soon I think…)

(Would you be troubled if they did?)

Yes.

I wanted to jokingly say but,

Would I be troubled… Nope, not in the slightest, I think?

If anything does happen I can always depend on Veldora.

(Nope; if I think about it, it doesn’t trouble me that much.

So, as a medium, how about you use one of my clones?)

I offered and, creating a clone, moved the Veldora’s consciousness to it.

Thus releasing him from my stomach.

I and my beautiful clone.

The only difference is its hair has now turned platinum.

Is what I thought…

It suddenly started to grow, reaching 2 meters. And, the body turned firm, the face masculine.

Only my general facial features remained. He has become a good looking young man.

In short, this is how I would look if I made myself look like a guy. So I thought.

As I thought, he’s a complete battle maniac. Taking on an easy to fight in yet intimidating form.

He didn’t turn into a giant dragon, and I almost expected him to do so.

(Kuahahaha! I have obtained the strongest power! All who disobey shall die!!!)





And other such lines, Veldora said trying to appear like a stereotypical villain.

By the way, I remember that line. A boss in my favorite manga said it.

「Hey… old geezer. How do you know that line?」

「Kuahahahaha! The thing is, I was bored so I decided to analyze and read your memories!」

「Yo! You do know that doing such a pointless thing delayed the analysis, right?」

「Eh?」

「…..Eh?」

We were looking each other in the eye.

Unfortunately, I doubt there was anything pleasant in those memories.

「That aside. You’ve released me, you have my thanks!」

He lowered his eyes and redirected the conversation.

At that moment,

≪Announcement. I have obtained two important pieces of information≫

Raphael said.

This is what he reported,

≪First, the establishment of a “Soul Corridor” with the individual: Veldora has been confirmed.

Individual: Veldora has been analyzed and the ultimate skill『Storm King Veldora』has been acquired.

The effects of ultimate skill『Storm King Veldora』are as follows.

Storm Dragon Summon: The ability to summon Veldora in his dragon form.

※Depending on the amount of magical energy allocated, the summoning time is reduced.

Storm Dragon Release: The ability to have Individual: Veldora use a clone.

※Even in the case of death, memory recovery is possible.

Storm Dragon Magic Archive: The ability to use “Death Heralding Winds”, “Black Lightning”, and “Storm of Destruction”

As described above.

Currently in use, the Storm Dragon Release has no time limit.

However, in current state, other skills of『Storm King Veldora』cannot be used≫

Another bombshell announcement.

Are you kidding me…

I relate the information to Veldora,

「A “Soul Corridor”, huh. So all my memories will transcend time and space and are accumulated within you.

So, in other words, as long as you exist, I am immortal.

Even if I am again sealed in an Infinite Prison, all you have to do is to cancel the summon.

I mean, I always was nearly invincible, but now I’m immortal as well…」

Well, that is assuming I continue living.

Seriously, what a terrifying tale this has become.

Imagine if someone attacks me thinking it will be a one-on-one and suddenly “Yahoo!”, Veldora appears!

Ku ku ku. How pitiful the opponent would seem.

What a ridiculous trump card I’ve acquired.

Speaking of that, weren’t there two pieces of information?

≪The second: via food chain, a great number of abilities have been offered up to you, master.

Should I selectively eliminate some through combining and strengthening others? [YES]/[NO]≫

Not that I’ll have the time to use them.

I mean, surely there are some who have spent years researching these skills. I won’t be able to use them right away anyways.

So that should be fine.

I thought, and selected [YES].

Skills combination has begun, and quickly ended.

≪Announcement. Unique skill『Endless Prison』has been used as a base during fusion… success.

Unique skill『Endless Prison』has evolved into ultimate skill『Covenant King Uriel』≫

What?

So I had acquired unique skill『Endless Prison』as well…

That was an important announcement but Raphael-san is completely unfazed.

Covenant, in other words, loyalty.

Perhaps this is the crystallized form of my believers’ loyalty.

A skill created by combining every that I had acquired–ultimate skill『Covenant King Uriel』… huh.

I check my strength after acquiring the skill. I feel an overwhelming sense of safety.

Perhaps this is the proof of my bonds with my comrades.

Hmm? Wait a second…

Does this mean that I have acquired four ultimate skills?!

Now… isn’t it fine for me to be proud of my abilities? No, let’s not get negligent.

Pitiful are the days of a proud fool, they say.

As someone who calls himself a demon lord, I can’t let my guard down.

Right! Whenever I get carried away I lose. This is the time for utmost prudence.

Anyways, let’s check its abilities.

≪Solution. Ultimate skill『Covenant King Uriel』has the following abilities.

Spacial Domination: The ability to to manipulate space to shift to a recognized coordinate. Movement Ability.

Defense Barrier: The ability to create a multi-layered defense, and distort space in order to create absolute defense.

Infinite Prison: The ability to completely seal the target with the ultimate seal.

Secluded Space: The ability to control heat by manipulating inertia. It is now possible to release and absorb heat at will.

That is all.

Upon acquiring this skill, relevant inferior extra skills have been removed≫

I see…

Spacial Domination seems to allow me to transfer somewhere in a single moment.

Defense Barrier seems to now cover my body. My interference is unnecessary, Raphael seems to have it completely under control.

Infinite Prison can activate according to my will. It is the same barrier that trapped Veldora. In other words, those I capture can never get out.

I don’t really get Secluded Space. I do believe I have a higher class flame manipulation ability though…

As a test, I set my fist ablaze.

On my command, it disappears. Oh… okay.

Without wasting the released heat, I can preserve the state of an isolated space.

Since it surpasses my understanding I might not be able to use it, but I do understand that it’s another absurd skill.

Let’s leave it to Raphael-san.

Frankly, Uriel’s skills are instant travel, absolute defense, and sealing.

These I understand completely.

So… aren’t I invincible?

… No, no, I had just decided to stay prudent.

No getting on the high horse for this slime.

While I was verifying my abilities, Veldora was checking his own ultimate skill『Investigation King Faust』.

Sounds like an amazing skill.

Its abilities include Thought Acceleration, Appraisal, All of Creation, Probability Estimation, and Pursuit of Truth.

Even I don’t have the latter two. Unfortunately, food chain is not activating.

But, i probably wouldn’t understand them anyways.

Thus having finished investigating my new abilities, I headed out.

We opened the door and stepped outside.

Gabil was kneeling there, waiting for us.

Did something happen?

「T-t-today is t-t-truly a fortunate d-day…

To find Rimuru-sama and V-Veldora-sama in good health…」

He’s trembling nervously.

I see, he noticed Veldora’s rebirth.

No matter what form he takes, his presence gives him away.

And Dragonewts are far descendants of dragons.

Moreover, the monsters of Jura Forest for a long time revered Veldora.

So of course the rebirth would cause a panic.

I see, so even if him going outside wouldn’t trouble me, it could cause a panic inside the city.

「Veldora, you wouldn’t mind me releasing the clone and having you hop back inside for a minute?」

「Hmm? Nope, not at all.

I haven’t finished reading this one manga through your memories, and I can use your eyes to obtain all the necessary information」

He happily agreed.

For now, let’s introduce him to department heads first.

After Veldora entered me,

「Gabil, there’s no need to worry that much.

If you look closely, he’s a really nice dragon」

「U-umm…

What would be the relationship between Rimuru-sama aand Veldora-sama?

And on that note, since when had Veldora-sama been reborn?」

Trying to hide his trembling, he asked.

And I cheerfully explained.

Promising that I’ll introduce him to everyone at the meeting of the department heads.

Now then, after returning to the city, I find it troubling, as expected.

Those who could notice noticed, it seems.

The word on the street is “Storm Dragon has been reborn”, so everyone is on their guard.

「Oh, Rimuru-sama, you are unhurt!

We suddenly felt the rebirth of the Storm Dragon Veldora-sama from the cave.

Knowing that Rimuru-sama has headed off in that direction, we were worried.」

「Is my brother, is Gabil alive?!」

Rigurdo was reassured by my return, and so said.

At the same time, Gabil’s sister Souka ran up concerned.

「Hmm? Oh, no problems. Rigurdo, how are the preparations for the meeting?」

「Ay. Proceeding without delay.

More importantly, it seems that Veldora-sama’s presence is approaching here」

Word does go around fast.

This is a good opportunity to introduce him to everyone.

Letting everyone know, we decided to hold a great conference.

We’ll also have Youmu, Ellen, and the other humans attend.

We need to decide our next steps, after all.

「Souka, Gabil will be there, and you must participate too.

Let Souei know to gather every member!」

「Ay! I live to serve!」

She exclaimed and ran off.

At a speed at which Rigurdo could not follow, she ran off to deliver Souei the message.

If I leave it to them, they should gather everyone quickly.

While that was being done, I had Rigurdo explain the Department Heads’ abilities.

First, Benimaru

Name: Benimaru

Race: Fair Oni

Blessing: Tempest Crest

Title: Oni King

Rank: A rank [EP: 213,000]

Magic: None

Skills: Unique skill『Generalissimo』Thought acceleration, Thought Domination, Prediction

. Extra skill『Fire Manipulation』『Black Lightning』『Multiple Barriers』『Spatial Travel』

. Daily skills 『Magic Perception』『Heat Detection』『Majesty』『Herculean Strength』

. Battle Skill…『Fire Transformation』

Resistances: Physical Attack Nullification, Pain Nullification, Status Change Nullification, Spirit Attack Resistance, Holy Magic Attack Resistance, Natural Effect Resistance

In short, absurd.

He’s Tempest’s Commander-in-Chief.

Next is Shuna

Name: Shuna

Race: Fair Oni

Blessing: Tempest Crest

Title: Onihime

Rank: A rank [EP: 12.000]

Magic:〈Nature Archive〉〈Element Archive〉〈Curse Archive〉

Skills: Unique skill『Analyst』Thought Acceleration, Appraisal, Incantation Voided

. Unique skill『Creator』Material Conversion, Fusion, Separation

. Extra skill『Multiple Barrier』『Spatial Travel』

. Daily skill『Magic Perception』『Majesty』

Resistances: Status Change Nullification, Spirit Attack Resistance

Shuna also exceeds A rank.

Though she’s not specialized for combat.

As for Hakurou,

Name: Hakurou

Race: Fair Oni

Blessing: Tempest Crest

Title: Sword Saint

Rank: A rank [EP: 65,500]

Magic:〈Fighting Spirit〉

Skills: Unique Skill『Martial Artist』Thought Acceleration, Supreme Acceleration, Future Prediction

. Extra Skill『Sage EX』『Multiple Barriers』『Spatial Travel』

. Daily Skill 『Magic Perception』『Majesty』『Herculean Strength』

Resistances: Status Change Resistance, Spirit Attack Resistance

As expected.

Sword Saint, huh. Fits him too well.

Though that’s what we all tend to call him.

As for Kurobee, added on to his unique skill『Researcher』is the unique skill『Godly Craftsman』

He really is fully dedicated to the smithy.

As for Souei

Name: Souei

Race: Fair Oni

Blessing: Tempest Crest

Title: Yami (Darkness)

Rank: A rank [EP: 187,000]

Magic: None

Skills: Unique Skill『Assassin』Thought Acceleration, One Hit Kill, Supreme Acceleration

. Extra Skill『Multiple Barriers』『Spatial Travel』

. Daily Skill 『Magic Perception』『Fear』『Majesty』

. Battle Skills『Poison, Paralysis, Corrosive Breath』『Clone』『Web Manipulation』

Resistances: Pain Nullification, Status Change Nullification, Physical and Spiritual Attack Resistance, Holy Magic Attack Resistance, Natural Effects Resistance

He too specialized in combat. Oh and One Hit Kill is not a physical attack, it targets the spiritual body directly.

So if they aren’t guarding their soul, it can’t be protected against.

What a dangerous man he has become.

Now the problem child, Shion.

Name: Shion

Race: Evil Oni

Blessing: Tempest Crest

Title: The Immortal

Rank: A rank [EP: 224,000]

Magic: None

Skills: Unique Skill『Cook』Decision Result, Optimal Choice

. Extra Skill『Sage EX』『Multiple Barriers』『Spacial Travel』『Regeneration EX』『Perfect Memory』

. Daily Skill『Magic Perception』『Fear』『War Goddess』

. Battle Skill『Demon Transformation』

Resistances: Pain Nullification, Status Nullification, Physical and Spiritual Attack Resistance, Holy Magic Resistance, Natural Effect Resistance

She…

After hearing Rigurdo’s report I went to check myself…

But she truly surpasses Benimaru’s fighting potential.

What a terrifying girl.

And hey, what’s with the『Demon Transformation』?! She’s a quasi-demon lord now.

I wouldn’t be surprised if she were Demon Lord race by now.

Why do we need another dangerous individual on the loose?

Cut me some slack, will you…

Next is Gabil…

Name: Gabil

Race: Dragonewt

Blessing: Tempest Crest

Title: Dragon Knight

Rank: A rank [EP: 126,000]

Magic: None

Skills: Unique Skill『Tuner』Unexpected Results, Fate Change

. Extra Skill『Sage EX』『Multiple Barrier』『Spatial Travel』

. Daily Skill 『Magic Perception』『Heat Detection』『Super Olfaction』『Majesty』

. Battle Skill『Dragon Knight Transformation』『Flame Breath』『Thunder Breath』

Resistances: Pain Nullification, Status Change Nullification, Physical and Spiritual Attack Resistance, Holy Magic Attack Resistance, Natural Effect Resistance

I don’t know what this means.

I do know what Tuner means, but what kind of ability is it?

Probably, it might be a mysterious skill that activates when an attack doesn’t land or to change the worst outcome into a fortunate one or something.

Is this guy’s life a joke or something?

As expected of Gabil.

Don’t expect anything, and he won’t betray your expectations.

He also possesses many resistances so he’s unexpectedly strong… probably.

Next, in charge of defense, is Gerudo.

Name: Gerudo

Race: High Orc

Blessing: Tempest Crest

Title: Orc King

Rank: A rank [EP: 147.000]

Magic: None

Skills: Unique Skill『Guardian』Grant Protection, Substitution, Iron Wall

. Unique Skill『Gourmet』Predation, Stomach, Supply, Demand

. Extra Skill『Sage EX』『Multiple Barriers』『Spatial Travel』

. Daily Skill『Magic Perception』『Super Olfaction』『Majesty』『Herculean Strength』

. Battle Skill『Poison, Paralysis, Corrosive Breath』『Full Body Armor Change』『Thought Manipulation』

Resistances: Pain Nullification, Status Change Nullification, Physical and Spiritual Attack Resistance, Holy Magic Attack Resistance, Natural Effect Resistance EX

Very reliable.

He can redirect damage to himself thus protecting the army using his own defenses.

I can expect much from him as a division general.

How many he can activate it on, however, is currently unknown.

Last up is Diablo.

Since he didn’t feel like telling Rigurdo I went to ask myself.

I mean, I called him and he appeared.

Name: Diablo

Race: Demon

Blessing: Tempest Crest

Title: Demon Lord

Rank: A+ rank [EP: 444,000]

Magic:〈Magic Energy Manipulation Archive〉〈High Demon Summoning〉

Skills: Unique Skill『Great Wiseman』Thought Acceleration, Thought Domination, Incantation Void.

. Unique Skill『Enchanter』Fascination, Seduction

. Extra Skill『Multiple Barriers』『Spatial Travel』

. Daily Skill『Magic Perception』『Demon Lord’s Ambition』

. Battle Skill『Law Manipulation』

Resistances: Physical Attack Nullification, Natural Effect Nullification, Status Change Nullification, Spirit Attack Resistance, Holy Magic Attack Resistance

Hahaha.

What a pleasant guy.

He’s become ridiculously strong.

He can easily become a demon lord already.

No question about it.

After Veldora and I, he’s the next strongest guy in the city.

Letting him know to participate in the conference, I head to the large meeting room.

It will be an important meeting that will decide the fate of Tempest.

To aim to create a world where human and monsters can live together peacefully…





Chapter 75: Conference


Every member of every department assembled in the large meeting hall.

As for Ranga, I had forgotten that he was sleeping within my shadow.

He’s in sleep-mode–conscious but unable to move.

I couldn’t measure his abilities, but it is clear that he’s undergoing some kind of evolution.

Well, he’ll probably come running out if I wind up in some perilous situation.

He’s rather uninterested in the conference but is nonetheless listening.

I guess it’s time to begin.

The moment I thought to declare that the meeting has begun,

「I apologize for the intrusion in the middle of the meeting!

Ladies and Gentlemen, a guest has arrived.

Here on an urgent matter and requests immediate audience with you…」

A soldier on look-out ran in and so reported.

Rigurdo was about to reprimand the soldier, but Kaijin calmed him down.

We haven’t begun yet, so it’s fine. However, it is troubling that people can so easily enter here.

「Rigurdo, we need to look into this later」

「Ay. I am truly ashamed of myself.」

「Nah, we just got the idea and everyone’s working hard as is」

I replied, comforting him.

In fact, even if we find something lacking we only need to improve for later.

So it’s probably best to think of the long-term benefit.

I had that guest escorted here.

「It’s been a long time, Rimuru-dono.

We have come to aid you during your time of need. We hope it is not too late」

With these words, the Brumund Kingdom’s Freedom Association Guild Master Fuze came in.

Fully armed, prepared for battle.

Hmm? Hmmmmm?

If I think about it, it’s been what, 10 days since we had the 50 adventurers and merchants go?

And we had them deliver the information and request assistance, I think.

I am truly grateful, but are they okay associating with us?

「I apologize for disturbing you during your busy war preparations.

However, we found your defenses lacking. The Farmas Kingdom’s main force has yet to arrive, right?

According to our intel, a total of 15 thousand troops are coming.

Though it may improve your morale, I hardly see this as a right time to be merry.

Though we may lack in ability, we will support you to the best of our ability」

Clearly prepared to die, he delivered this heated address.

Yup. It’s really hard to tell him that the war’s already over.

And continuing,

「This is a good city.

Carefully built houses decorate your well planned streets.

The paved roads wouldn’t lose even to the Royal Capital.

I was surprised.

Hardly would I want to turn it into a field off battle. I suggest we launch a surprise attack to quickly destroy the enemy’s head.

We have heard the church backs the enemy.

So, we have brought over 50 B rank and above adventurers.

The country cannot openly support you. I hope you understand…

But the fifty of us will cut deep into the enemy ranks and slaughter… 」

The department members are staring blankly at Fuze, who is continuing the passionate speech.

To us it’s all… been there, done that type of thing.

But I had expected Brumund to abandon us. To think they really sent reinforcements…

Though we do have an agreement with them, surely there was a way out…

This makes me kind of happy.

But that being so.

「Yeah. I appreciate the sentiment, but it’s already over」

「Over? What do you mean?」

「How should I say this…

In other words. In a few words, I annihilated them!」

Although he was speechless, his face was clearly saying “Huuuh?”

Youmu came up to pat him on the shoulder and Cabal was saying something to comfort him.

Ellen and Gido were saying things like “Unbelievable, right!”

Well, I guess it is

I mean, not even two weeks have passed since they declared war.

They were probably expecting the army to take a week to reach here, us to buy two or three days fighting in the fields, and, if worst came to worst, hole up in the fort.

So when they arrive and saw us carefree, they seem to have convinced themselves that the army was running late.

Though we were so merry that they did suspect that something was off…

Anyways, thanks to Ellen’s and Cabal’s explanation, they seemed to have understood the situation.

So we had our soldiers escort the fifty men waiting outside to the inn–to relax.

Since it came to this, I might as well have Fuze participate in the conference.

Though he can’t represent Brumund Kingdom’s official position, he can at least offer a human opinion.

Now then, let’s begin the conference! I wanted to say, but

「Umm, would you have a moment?」

Bester asked, raising his hand.

Did something happen?

「What? Is there a problem?」

I asked,

「Yes. The thing is, we finished developing the magic item long distance communication ball…

It is now possible to converse while seeing the other party」

Hmph.

A wonderful invention, but why bring it up now?

I thought, but

「When I reported the event to the Dwarf King, he told me that he had some things he wanted to say…

So since we are all gathered here, I kind of figured this might be a good time」

I see.

If that’s it, I don’t see a problem.

「Bester. I don’t mind, but shouldn’t the conversation be held in secrecy?

We have Youmu and Association’s Chief over here, so is it fine?

If it’s a private conversation, shouldn’t we hold it later?」

「Ah, not at all. The Dwarf King also wishes to mention some things regarding future international relations…

When I told him about today’s conference, he said that he’ll assemble his Ministers as well」

「So they are currently waiting over there?」

「Yes. That’s how it is」

I see… we never did announce the establishment of diplomatic relations with the Dwarf Kingdom.

The two contracts that we have are the non-aggression treaty and the technological cooperation treaty.

Though those would be meaningless if our country ceases to exist. However, we now have the advantage.

I believe that the previous events are of a magnitude that they cannot ignore.

If anything, we proved to be a country that can destroy and army of 15 thousand men.

Will they officially declare diplomatic relations between us or perhaps seek to destroy us as humanity’s enemy?

「Bester, I have to ask, did you tell him that I have become a demon lord?」

「Ah, yes. I told him everything」

Ah, as expected.

He should have only confirmed it this morning so for him to so quickly assemble the ministers only evinces how gravely he views the situation.

Well, if you were told that demon lord class monster created a city and evolved into a demon lord, surely you’d sweat a bit.

He would learn of this sooner or later though. So this might be a good chance.

So at this point, continuing the conversation as is will probably not cause any further problems.

I mean, while planning our next steps I did want to hear his opinion.

「Got it. Then bring the communication equipment and set it up.

We’ll wait for you and prepare for the emergency council」

I declared.

This is a sudden development, but also a good opportunity.

We’re deciding our future here, after all.

Thus, we decided to hold a global conference instead of meeting right now, scheduling it an hour away.

Right after relaxing, Fuze heard our conversation and with an amazing look on his face ran up to me.

And,

「Hey, didn’t you just say something really important right now?

I might be wrong, but did you just say that you became a demon lord?」

He said, trembling.

Does he need to pee? No need to hold back man, we have bathrooms around.

「Hmm? Ah, demon lord, right?

I did become one, what of it?

But more importantly, before you piss yourself, shouldn’t you use a restroom? 」

「Are you an idiot?! There’s no time for that!

Became a demon lord, yo! What’s up with that?」

Eh~. What a pain.

From the beginning? No good if I don’t explain it from the beginning?

Well, I did tell him I annihilated an army but I guess I can’t expect him to guess the rest.

I decided to summarize the events and explain.

And so, I explained it all to Fuze.

「Pardon the intrusion! Another guest seeks audience with Rimuru-sama.

How should we proceed?」

The same soldier as last time asked.

What’s with that. So many guests these days.

Leaving Fuze, who was saying something (grumbling) at the sky, I decided to meet this guest.

I headed for the room where the guest was waiting for me.

When I entered, I saw an exquisitely dressed gentleman and five men who had an air of experienced officers about them.

The gentleman was sitting on the sofa with the five officers standing behind him.

I could easily see that they were well trained.

The gentleman sitting on the sofa had a good face and could easily had been a model in his younger days.

His narrow eyes would be his distinguishing feature.

「Ah, good day. Sorry for the wait.

Pleased to meet you, I am Rimuru, currently working as this city’s King.

I hope we get along!」

I greeted them in a way I thought appropriate.

Though I became a demon lord, I have no clue about manners or formalities.

Nor does anyone around here know much about it…

Well, I do think that it would be nice to be taught these things, though.

Upon hearing my greeting, the narrow eyed man stood up.

And opening his eye wide with a Kuwa!,

「So thou art the demon who hath bewitched my daughter?

Hast thou said thy prayers!」

He said, beginning to chant an extremely high combustion spell.

Hey! This geezer is nuts.

From what I see, that’s the highest tier spell he got going there.

At this power level it would certainly cause some damage to the city.

Clearly a spell used against armies.

What’s this guy on? I have no idea what he’s saying.

I tricked his daughter? What’s that about?

Right as I was completely at a loss,

「Wait, Papa! Why did you come here?!!!」

Ellen came flying in.

And perhaps after realizing the spell from a single glance, she hit the gentleman squarely on the head.

A beautiful “Suppaaaa!” sound resounded through the room, and the gentleman regained his sanity.

It seems that this gentleman geezer is Ellen’s father.

And after hearing Ellen’s explanation, he finally calmed down.

What an annoying guy he is.

「My~, A ha ha ha. My bad.

I had heard that my daughter was captured by some demon lord so I was quite panicked!」

He said with a bright smile.

Even so, what point was there in preparing the highest tier combustion spell? What a ridiculous father.

「No, Your Excellency. The received report was correct but you jumped to a wrong conclusion」

「I knew it, Papa’s at fault here!」

A secretary-like person and Ellen ganged up on him.

That is kind of pitiful, but I don’t feel any sympathy towards him. He’s just paying for his own stupidity.

After things calmed down, he introduced himself again.

Ellen’s father, the narrow eyed gentlemen, is a high noble of Sorcerer’s Dynasty Sarion, Duke Elalude.

He’s related to the emperor, his uncle to be precise.

In short, he’s one of the three bigwigs of Sarion.

I can’t hide my surprise.

E-Ellen is a true ojou-sama?!

She can even be called a princess. To become an adventurer at that social status; she’s too free-willed.

I do think that those stopping her are correct, but I won’t do it myself.

I mean, she herself doesn’t seem to care. There’s probably people protecting her from the shadows as well.

They’ve done well not to let information slip.

Though that’s probably the result of Cabal’s and Gido’s hard work. Let’s thank them for it later.

But, now.

「So is the purpose of your visit limited to Ellen only?」

That wouldn’t be funny.

I glance at Duke Elalude,

「Fufufu. Of course, that’s not the case.

We are in considering how we should treat your country from now on, so I came to see it myself.

No need to worry believing I was careless. This body is only a homunculus.」

I noticed upon his words.

For someone important from the Sorcerer’s Dynasty, his body houses very little magical energy.

Though the officers seem to be real, the gentleman’s body is not.

As expected of a high noble. He’s careful.

But more importantly.

I want to learn how to make homunculi later.

And that brings us to the next point.

We’ll have Duke Elalude participate in the conference as well.

An hour has passed by now.

It’s time to start the conference.

Returning to the large conference room I found everyone waiting for me.

I had the Duke’s group escorted to a set of empty seats.

It’s probably best to start with a self introduction. That is, there are many people here who have connections to large countries.

So, let’s start it thus.

First, we’ll have everyone not from Tempest introduce themselves.

Dwarf Kingdom, military nation Dwargon.

Representing them: their king himself. Gazelle Dwargo. Though only projected as in image, his dignity is impossible to hide.

Small country Brumund.

Unfortunately, we don’t have anyone representing them.

However, we do have Fuze, the Freedom Association’s Branch Guild Master.

And, he’s rather friendly with Baron Belouard.

Though he doesn’t have decisive say, his opinion should have some weight.

A sudden addition to our table, a high noble from Sorcerer’s Dynasty Sarion.

Duke Elalude is a no-good doting father, but his current face is that of a stoic noble.

And, via his position in the council, he holds sway over the whole country.

So no disrespecting him.

So looking over the guests, it’s clear that many distinguished individuals have shown up.

A monster only meeting may lead us to fall into some mistaken conclusion. Thus, I am rather thankful that we have so many participants from the human side.

Next, we introduced all the members from Tempest.

And, it was finally my turn.

「Ah, right.

There’s one person I want to introduce to you.

Though you have probably have heard his name already.

So please don’t be surprised.

Now then, come forth!」

I thus began the introduction.

Knowing what was to come, Gabil swallowed his saliva and tensed up.

The air in the room changed, and everyone turned silent.

And,

「Kuahahahaha! I have been called and here I am!!!」

I called Veldora out via “Storm Dragon Release”.

Using my clone as a base, he appeared as a beautiful young man.

Giving everyone a sidelong glance,

「This is my best friend, Veldora. Please be kind to him!」

I introduced him,

「Veldora’s the name, though I’m called “Storm Dragon”. Pleased to meet you!」

Veldora greeted everyone.

Dead silence enveloped the room.

No one moved.

And, with a flop, Fuze and Ellen fainted, screaming “Ay!!” Rigurdo’s group and the hobgoblins fell prostrate before him…

It all turned very chaotic.

Of course, the conference was temporarily suspended for a break.

…We hadn’t started yet, had we… I couldn’t help but think.





Chapter 76: Conference - Main act


At one point the conference area was in a state of uproar, but it had died down somehow.

Those who fell unconscious were taken care of, and those desperately asking about Veldora were soothed.

There were a bunch of problems involving this and that, but I somehow managed to settle them.

Everyone was in more of a panic than I thought they would have been. It was chaotic.

As expected of Veldora.

There is no single individual who doesn’t fear the “Storm Dragon”.

Well, if a “Disaster Class” monster suddenly appeared, it’s natural for people to start panicking.

Even so, it’s going to turn into a chaotic mess no matter what, so might as well introduce him earlier.

When making future plans from now on, I’ll also have to think about Veldora’s movements huh.

The humans, Fuze and Ellen, Youmu and the dwarves etc, already made me used to seeing their paled faces.

Even though I have suppressed it, they must have been affected by Veldora’s demonic aura.

Every executive was told to suppress their demonic auras, and they’re pretty experienced with this.

After analyzing a barrier and simplifying it, one was deployed in the room.

After all, even in his sealed state, an ordinary B ranked monster pales in comparison to Veldora emitting this demonic aura.

Even so, I have confidence that I can hold back his demonic aura.

I thought it would be fine because my abilities after evolution made such a feat possible…

「Is everyone ok? How are you all feeling? 」

What I heard was,

「……I didn’t hear anything about this, regarding this issue. 」

「Wait a second… Veldora san is a friend? Can you tell me more about this? 」

「……If I report this to the guild master……wait, I am the guild master! 」

Etcetera.

I was suddenly pierced with complaints and resentment-filled gazes.

Even if you say such things, nee?

TN Note: The “Nee” here is something like the “Nee” in “Desu yo nee…” I guess.

Taking it all in, even if I said such a thing, it would be hard to believe me wouldn’t it?

Besides, I’m wasn’t even supposed to talk about this.

However, instead of being stunned by the demonic aura, they were simply scared stiff.

That Fuze, if I didn’t advise him to go to the toilet earlier, something would have leaked.

That’s wonderful! Right?

I was glared at after patting him on the shoulder.

Because I was the one who gave him that advice, I thought he would like to thank me, but that’s something he probably wouldn’t likely do.

Well whatever.

「Hm? I didn’t tell you? I thought I did, or maybe I didn’t……

Well, it’s all in the past, so we’re all fine now right?

Putting that aside, let’s start the conference! 」

I said that with a refreshing smile on my face, but it wasn’t received well.

「「「 DON’T DISMISS IT SO EASILY!!! 」」」

They protested in unison.

Somehow, everyone calmed down and after another hour of delay, the conference continued.

………

……

…

Now then, about the opening topics of this conference.

Although there were a number of topics, talking about the small details as well when explaining something was a good way to save time.

With that said, this circumstance of explaining in detail was also a request from everyone.

It was troublesome, but as if I was recapping, I started my talk from my encounter with Veldora.

I also briefly touched on the subject regarding me being a “World Traveler. Because, at this point, I don’t think there’s any point in hiding that anymore.

You don’t know where or when it would leak, so I wouldn’t be troubled by this anymore, now that it’s revealed.

The demon lord is a “World Traveler”, therefore it’s not something impossible anymore.

After all, the demon lord Leon Cromwell was also originally a “World Traveler”.

Then, I swiftly explained the fight against the Orc lord and also the reason why we built the town in this location.

Sharing information is important.

The ones on the receiving end broke off and displayed all sorts of different reactions.

Thus, I moved on to talk about my hopes when I went into the human city.

I skipped over my daily life in city, but I did talk about my fight with Hinata.

She’s a dangerous one.

If someone else apart from me was to be fighting her, they would have surely been killed.

Her “Purification barrier (Holy Barrier)” is a particularly dangerous skill.

Apart from the barrier, she might have something to use against single targets.

Amongst those whom I shared my knowledge with, I telepathically conveyed images to the executives in order to make sure they don’t forget.

「Hinata Sakaguchi huh. That women, she looks ruthless at first glance, she even gives off the strong impression of being a coldblooded murderer.

However…

Helping those who grabbed her hand, ignoring advice,

That’s based off the information we gathered.

For example, for those who rely on her, I’m sure she lends them a helping hand.

Helping those who grabbed her hands, ignoring advice, and this person doesn’t seem to have a partner.

That’s why, the issue of her treatment towards children, I can’t believe it. 」

This is what Fuze said when he butted in.

Splendid, This old man is a well-informed person.

She helps those who grabbed her hands, but ones who ignored and didn’t listen to her advice never see her again, that’s the kind of girl she is.

There are many who come to seek her aid, and yet she ignored their pleas for help, She’s an idiot.

If her character is akin to that of a rationalist, then it’s no wonder if she would do such a thing.

That’s what it seemed like,

「Hmph. To be so good at manipulating information, as expected from the Free Association Branch guild master.

The accuracy of the information you gathered rivals that of the ANBU of my country.

The information perfectly matches the ones I have」

TN Note: http://naruto.wikia.com/wiki/Anbu

Saying that, the dwarf king Gazelle nodded.

What does this mean?

「However, that person wasn’t willing to listen to my story at all though? 」

「About that, it’s probably because the Church’s doctrine bans interaction with monsters.

And her ruthless behavior, her known cold actions, she never broke any rules.

In fact she is the most exemplary knight.

That’s why she was named “Captain of the knights guard division working directly under the pope”.

To name her with a derogatory term like Ruthless killer, you’re thinking of her true nature.

However, the information that I have obtained are based on her public appearance. 」

Fuze answered my question, and the dwarf king nodded.

Her widespread reputation was something unexpected.

No, information regarding the strongest knight of the western religion is of course a matter carried out by an entire country.

However, if that’s the case……

Raphael can find the answer.

Who was the one performing the act of summoning children.

I know about the matter, and I am in a position where I can tell her about this.

A relevant person, there’s only one person absent.

It’s unbelievable, I don’t want to believe it……

But according Raphael’s answer, there’s no doubt about it.

In any case, the issue is placed on hold.

We decided to proceed with the talks.

.

From the point where I fought with Hinata, I proceed to talk about the town being attacked.

At this point, Ellen intervened, and tried to stray away from the topic of my evolution to a demon lord……

But she ended up exposing it instead.

「Besides, Papa already found out about it right? 」

Being asked, Duke Elalude looked up after hearing this.

「Ellen chan……

Even though Papa has already found out about it, there’s no need to blurt it out to people from other countries……」

A sigh of defeat was also mixed in from Duke Elalude.

I understand how you feel.

Amongst the ones ignoring the work of adults, Ellen was the worse. But because of that, there’s no need to be cautious anymore.

After taking over the position, he was told about the original information on demon lord evolution.

Now then, a whole series of explanations had finished.

However, when I tried to shift the topic towards future plans and actions,

「I’ll say this beforehand.

Regarding the events this time, we of the Magic Dynasty of Sarion plan to wait and see.

Even so, regarding the cleaning up of my daughter’s well-executed civil actions, I will not push any further.

However, if it is determined that your course of action is determined to be disadvantageous to our country, we will crush you.

I would like you to consider your future actions based on this. 」

No longer having the face of an idiotic parent, but a high noble of the dynasty, he now has the look of a politician.

As expected of one with dignity.

His words has stirred up the executives. It all stopped when Shion stood up, and everyone hushed in a hurry.

Truly, what a hotheaded fellow.

She has become serious. I too have become serious, and decided to respond.

First, we discussed about the matters regarding the captured King of Farmas and the church’s messengers.

And so, for the future, we will crown Youmu as king, and descriptions of a plan that aims to establish a new kingdom have been given.

While listening to the explanation, Fuze grumbled.

I remained silent for a brief moment, thinking over what I just said, collecting my thoughts.

The dwarf king remained silent, and I closed my eyes.

The ministers around the king seem to actively giving their own opinions, however their voices did not reach here.

Duke Elalude remained silent and uttered no words.

The explanation continued.

First we release the current king, to make him compensate for his attempt of invading tempest.

It is only nominal, but using this compensation, we will allow the Farmas kingdom to fall into a state of civil war.

In fact, if the king gathers his nobles and tries to resist, his life is forfeit at that point.

Keeping his promise, abdicating himself from the throne, only the problem about compensation will be left in the end. It’s unlikely for the nobles to pay obediently.

I can imagine the son of the current king being the nobles’ puppet as he isn’t an adult yet.

There is no unity within the faction, as soon as the king’s influence is lost, strife for succession will definitely ensue.

Here, if they did decide to pay the compensation, Youmu will be the one to escort them, but this is unlikely.

I have the feeling they are going to ignore the compensation.

When this happens, Youmu can oppose to it, and due to their beliefs, this flow of events will lead to a coup d’état.

Since the king has broken his promise, that will be the standpoint of Youmu.

The only difference is on what stage will Youmu perform his uprising

After Youmu has established his new kingdom, his kingdom and us Tempest will establish official diplomatic relations.

Then, we expect to have to deter the nobles from banding together to resist.

After some time has passed, he will announce a policy that will gain the trust of the people. When Youmu’s popularity is high, he will destroy the nobles with one fell swoop, it’s this sort of strategy.

You mustn’t think about short terms strategies when founding a country.

You would want to be thinking 2 ~ 3 years ahead.

Oh well, if the king is foolish enough to think about rebellion once more, Youmu will ascend to the throne immediately.

When I was explaining this,

「I see. Then, why don’t we put this plan into action. Marquis Muller and Count Hermann are on friendly terms with Burmund.

If you get involved with the plan, you would want to rely on them.

During Youmu Dono’s uprising, let’s negotiate to get them to turn around and support us. 」

That’s what fuze said.

I wonder does the guild master of the Freedom Association branch have such authority?

Sensing my speculation, he gave an explanation.

In a word, both Marquis Muller and Count Hermann are under the patronage of the King of Burmund.

Marquis Muller is a distant relative of the King of Burmund, the two actually on good terms

In addition, Count Hermann is a protégé of Marquis Muller, so apparently betrayal is out of the question.

Due to the fact he was a Marquis of a big country, they apparently don’t show intimacy when in contact with each other, but behind all this they’re actually close friends.

Is it fine to expose such a secret?

「Hahaha. Even if you call this a secret, I’ve already leaked this secret to a subordinate of the dwarf king in the ANBU. My Kingdom, the Burmund Kingdom is a kingdom of information, where Intel is up for sale.

It’s because we’re such a small country, we would be immediately destroyed if we don’t regulate such information.

However, based on the Dwarf king’s ANBU alone, we have yet to grasp the full picture.

Isn’t that right? Your Highness Gazelle. 」

The Dwarf King Gazelle simply raised his eye brows and showed no further reaction.

However, this allowed me to realize that they do indeed have information on such matters.

But even so,

「Even so, Fuze. Is it alright to share such information so easily?

Even if they’re not on the level of a state secret, isn’t this still important information? 」

「Hm? I don’t mind you know. I’m the one who examines it, and more than anything, I can choose to share it with whoever I want. 」

That’s what he said.

That was quite a surprise, this was something that happened before the break and he seemed prepared.

This small kingdom is very careful about their footsteps, and this is proof of how much they trust Fuze.

He himself said that he has in his hands, several information that could bring an end to Burmund and whatnot.

I’ll kidnap this guy and obtain information, was a secret thought that crossed my mind for an instant.

Duke Elalude who has been listening to our entire conversation suddenly said,

「You sire, are you an idiot? To start blurting our state secrets!

Saying that you are vigilant…… Don’t be ridiculous! 」

I was quite angry with him.

But on the contrary Fuze said,

「To tell the truth, Duke Elalude.

If our country went to war against Rimuru-dono’s country Tempest, we would be annihilated instantly. We have concluded that resistance is futile. Then what should we do?

We avoid a war. For the sake of that purpose, we’re not reluctant and will cooperate to our fullest abilities.

This is the conclusion of the higher ups of my country.

Originally, I am a freedom association member and do not belong to the country, so what you said was quite funny.

Well, it was out of luck I was also seated in the department sorting information outside of my position as an association member. 」

I swore while muttering, why such a person has undertaken this role.

But speaking truthfully, um, well, maybe they understaffed?

I alone rivaled an entire army, so they took the threat of a demon lord very seriously. Rather than fighting one with one another, join forces instead.

This is logical.

Gathering information may be the strategy of small countries living in the shadows of big countries.

「In addition.

The fact that Rimuru-dono evolved into a demon lord has caused quite a commotion amongst the higher ups. If they were to hear about the revival of the “Storm Dragon”……

Even if they didn’t ask about it, this being brought up is predictable. 」

This is what Elalude explained to Fuze.

In short, revealing his hand won’t cause pain him in the slightest.

Rather, he told us everything, probably judging that doing this will help gain our trust.

Is this good or bad. Correct or wrong.

Such things aren’t important here, it seems Fuze’s intuitions are all aggressively pointed towards getting along with me.

Even though this may backfire and destroy their country, they concluded this was the only card in their hand they can deal in order to survive.

They’re a little too afraid of me, but when you think about it, I’m an opponent who has obliterated an army of 15,000 elites. There is nothing a small country can do against that no matter what strategy they employ.

It’s certainly outrageous, but in a sense, this is the only valid choice they had.

It’s effective for me at least.

As such, further explanation continued.

「At the same time, we’re also interacting with the church.

We’ve judged that for the sake of our own defence, it is impossible for us to formally acknowledge the monster country “Tempest”.

Doing this would be something unacceptable according to the teachings of the church.

However, it’s obvious that a small country cannot hope to have enough fighting force to subdue a demon lord.

The church has no rights to criticize us, rather they should be obligated to aid us.

Even if we did formally recognize the monster country “Tempest”, diplomatic relations aren’t solid.

This point will be emphasized during the conference to hold back the church.

In any case, should the church attempt to lead a crusade……

Even if we to be referred to as cowardly, we would simply wait and see.

We would stand with the winning side.

Oh, and this is what the higher ups are thinking, please don’t think badly of this. 」

I see.

Then there are no problems.

On the surface he stands neutral, but he’s actually secretly supporting Youmu.

The struggle of a small nation.

「However, as the Dwarven kingdom, we have decided on a bold policy.

Our country, has decided to formally establish diplomatic ties with “Tempest. 」

With these words, the area was filled with uproar

If the armed Dwarven superpower officially acknowledges this nation, it would greatly impact the world.

「Are you serious……?!」

Fuze also seemed speechless.

Dwarves were thought to stick to being neutral.

That’s what I thought as well.

「Hm. This is a decision that also has its merits.

The Farmas Kingdom was the only country to sell our goods legally.

A good customer where we earned a large portion of our tax revenue from, but I had no idea which country they sold their goods to.

At this point, a highway had already been developed between our country and Tempest.

On foot the journey would have taken 1-2 months, by carriage it only takes 2 weeks.

The new trade route has already been completed.

There’s no reason not to use it.

In addition, if you think about this on a military standpoint, their military might are in no way inferior to the eastern empire.

Furthermore, damages from monster attacks are gone.

And, most importantly……

This is my judgment as a king.

I have trust in the demon lord Rimuru, that’s that. 」

O-oh.

At that moment Fuze looked like he had taken a direct hit.

With the entire area shrouded in silence, the only sound was the flipping of pages as Veldora reads his comic.

TN Note: Veldora, feared storm dragon of Great Jura Forest, reading a comic during a conference…where did he even get that comic anyway?

Huh, wait! Old man, what are you doing!!!

Well whatever, besides, he can’t hear us anyway.

If you leave us at peace, we wouldn’t complain.

「That, that really is…

That really is a bold strategy isn’t it, dwarf king. 」

Fuze glanced at him gingerly,

「Hmph. Measures I take has naught to do with you. 」

He said, as if trying to cut him off.

However, if it comes to this, just what had happened?

Our country and the Dwarven country officially have diplomatic ties now.

As a central for trading, Tempest will shine because of it.

The residents of this monster town may become a problem, but being acquainted through conversing is possible.

Rather, there’s no doubt they could get along. This is already proven.

The main problem is……

「Fufufu. The problem is the western religion right?

I was also able to report important topics back to his majesty.

He said that diplomatic relations with the new country is possible.

Even though there isn’t much distance between us, there is a disturbing forest.

Of course, regarding the development of highways and logging of trees, I can leave it to you right? 」

Duke Elalude had said such things after thorough calculations.

If a highway was developed…

It would be possible to have diplomatic ties with the Sorcerer’s Dynasty Sarion.

In addition, this path will also be connected to the Dwarf Kingdom.

For the products passing by, there’s also the merit of direct import.

However, the most important fact is, various technologies such as Magic engineering and spirit engineering will flow into tempest.

If this can become a reality, highway maintenance is but a cheap price to pay.

Thus, Calculations seem to flash right by Fuze’s brain.

「I’ve got an idea!

I’ll go back first to show them the situation, and issue a policy to make profit out of this! 」

And that’s what he said, but the king and the duke had an unconcerned look on them.

On the contrary,

「Hmpt. In any case this is just bullshit from an insect. 」

「That’s right. Diplomacy and decisions takes precedence over all others. 」

The two had scolded him.

「Well, you’re both large countries, must be nice to have authority……」

Fuze lamented that he was a man with a sad position.

「I get it, I understand!

I’ll also convince the higher ups. Man, why do I have play this role……」

That’s what he cried out while tearing up.

In other words, they acknowledged the country Tempest, and also formed diplomatic relations with us simultaneously.

However, he wasn’t the one to spearhead this. It was the dwarf king that declared this first.

Thus, the rest of the meeting was used to clarify the small details of the agreement.

The situation seems to be moving along faster than I previously anticipated.

When the meeting was about to reach its end, and each representative was about to leave for their home country,

BAAAAAAAAAAAAAM!!!

The door flew opened and someone barged in.

Following it,

「Listen! This country (Tempest), is going to be destroyed! 」

Such a thing was said by a small girl- One of the great demon lords, the “Fairy of the labyrinth”, Ramiris-chan .





Chapter 77: Ramiris’ Report


Suddenly barged in exclaiming something…

W-what did you say!!! … should have I respond thus?

Ramiris is running pointing at me.

Behind her, Beretta is politely closing the door.

I somehow felt the need to praise his efforts.

And running at me, I felt that Ramiris was brandishing something.

Suddenly, a being, Diablo, dressed in fine clothes blocked her way.

He had been quietly observing the conference from the end of the table until now, but he could not have permitted the intruder to act as they pleased.

How should I say this? Ramiris was quickly restrained.

While struggling to get free,

「W-wait! What are you doing!!!」

She said.

What a pleasant person. Though I don’t feel a shred of a demon lord’s dignity from her, she is nonetheless a pleasant person.

「Rimuru-sama, I have restrained a suspicious individual. How should I proceed?

She was screaming some foolishness regarding the city’s demise. Should I dispose of her?」

Diablo came up to me and politely asked.

「Geeeeh! I can’t run away even using all my power?!

T-this guy! He’s no small fry, is he?

What, I ask: what is going on! What did I do?!」

As always, she’s damn noisy.

Frankly, for her to run away from Diablo, who has twice as much magic power as she, is nigh on impossible.

So this is a demon lord, huh?

Somehow, the reason I think demon lords are small fry may be completely her fault.

「Rimuru-sama, are you this fairy’s acquaintance?」

Fuze asked.

Aaah, the conference came to a halt again. Couldn’t she have barged in a bit later?

Her inability to read the mood hasn’t changed in the slightest.

「Yeah, the fairy Ramiris is indeed my acquaintance.

She’s also one of the demon lords kind, sort of…? Or at least claims to be…」

「Hey! What do you mean “claims to be”!

I am feared as the strongest among the ten great demon lords!

The great Ramiris of the Labyrinth is none other than me!」

She proudly exclaimed from within Diablo’s restraints.

It seems that she is completely oblivious to her completely lack of a presence.

「Huh? A demon lord…?」

「Heeh, this thing?」

The gathered replied, completely in line with my predictions.

「Eh?

…Ehhhh?

What? Shouldn’t you be more surprised?

I’m a demon lord, you know! What’s with that bored glance?」

No no.

Even if you claim to be one, you have been captured.

Maybe they are all just relaxed as a result?

Is what I thought, but

「Nah… I mean, Rimuru-dono is a demon lord as well so I expected him to have a few demon lord acquaintances…」

「At this point, after being scared half to death by Veldora’s rebirth, these mundane declarations can hardly surprise me…」

They are looking at each other and nodding.

I see, now that I think about it, that makes sense.

In contrast to them,

「Haaah? Veldora’s rebirth?

Aren’t you all loony!

Veldora’s a small fry that I could have handled with a single punch!

Hardly a guy to discuss. Well, his era is now over, you see.

If you must fear somebody, fear me instead!」

She said while laughing loudly.

If anything, talking would be her strong point.

So I had her released and brought to Veldora’s place.

「Sorry Veldora, but could you fight her for a bit?

She is a demon lord, so she won’t die from your aura」

「Hmm? Sorry, I’m currently busy solving a great mystery」

「Ah, the culprit is Yasu. Solved, right?

So I leave her with you」

I left these parting words and returned to my seat.

Veldora opened his eyes wide, making a shocked face that screamed『Eh? Why did you have to spoil who the culprit is!』.

As for Ramiris, upon seeing Veldora, she immediately fainted… and silence returned to the room.

Having shut both of the trouble children up, we decided to conclude the conference there.

…………

……

…

In the end, we decided to release the King and have Marquis Myula and Count Herman seek liability.

And we’ll have Youmu jump on the opportunity.

The Dwarf Kingdom, as a result of our recent victory, has declared the intent to form diplomatic relations with us.

Sorcerer’s Dynasty Sarion has also decided to openly recognize Tempest as a sovereign state.

And, once we build a highway leading to it, they will also pursue diplomacy with us.

These two countries are not influenced by the Western Saint’s Church, so they can openly do so.

Thus, Brumund Kingdom is the only remaining problem.

「It’d be great if we could say farewell to the church.

But I doubt the Council will silently accept this…」

And that’s what causing the most pain.

But, no matter which they choose, they’ll get caught up in a conflict.

「I’ll somehow persuade the top brass. When I do, we’ll also seek diplomatic relations with you.

You would accept it, right?」

He stressed the point.

Of course we would, though.

Even from the perspective of profit-and-loss alone, Tempest a country recognized by two of the strongest nations–Military State Dwargon and Sorcerer’s Dynasty Sarion.

So surely they would be overjoyed at the chance of establishing diplomacy with us.

But, if compared to sticking with all the Council member states, it’s unclear which way the scales will tip.

I know the answer.

At the moment, sticking with the Council will be more profitable.

However, within ten year, we shall be at least their equal; and, after twenty, we shall leave them in the dust.

Such is the definitive prediction made by Raphael by analyzing the available data.

But I will not tell them this

They must choose for themselves, you see.

Thus, our current problem is the Western Saint’s Church.

We predict an inevitable clash with not only the Western Saint’s Church but also the Holy Kingdom Ruberium.

And that’s a big problem.

I mean, we need to win and display our usefulness and cooperation.

So it’s not like these problems will be easily resolved.

Right now, everything depends on our actions.

Thus ended the conference of various states with various expectations.

This sudden meeting shall go down in history as an important turning point.

Of course, we could not have known that at the time.

＊　＊　＊

In the middle of tidying up after the conference,

I got the feeling that I was forgetting something…

「Ah, you! What is this, what the hell is this all about!」

Something noisy came.

I remembered. She had come over.

Her face full of tears, clearly seeking respite.

It can’t be helped.

She fainted from seeing Veldora, and upon awakening was guided into the world of manga; so, without even noticing that the conference had come to an end, she’s been hitting it off with Veldora the whole time.

Noticing that everybody was moving around, she remembered her original objective in a panic.

She is a very carefree individual, so I don’t expect anything important to come from her lips anyways.

But, upon hearing her words, the foreigner guests stopped their departure preparations.

And remembering the existence known as Ramiris, they again returned to their seats.

Pleased with the sight, she arched her back emphasizing her pitiful chest.

And,

「I’ll say it again! The Tempest Country shall fall!!!」

She declared.

「W-what did you say!!!?」 (Read in monotone)

I ask as a kind of aizuchi.

「Fufun！Well, it’s not like I wish for such an outcome.

So, be grateful that I have come all the way to deliver this report!」

Her words have become very condescending.

Playing along will only prolong this, so let’s get to the point.

「So, why will we fall?」

She turned serious upon hearing these words and looked over the gathered officials once.

And after a little thought,

「Well, it’s not like this doesn’t concern humans, so okay. Listen up.

By Demon Lord Clayman’s proposal, the demon lords shall hold the Walpurgis Banquet.

Supporting him are Demon Lords Frey and Milim.

As it was proposed by three demon lords, it has been accepted.

An invitation has reached me as well.

The discussion at the banquet is『Avenging the murder of Demon Lord Karion』

And…

The culprit has been named as『The presumptuous idiot who called themselves a demon lord–Rimuru』

Did you… by any chance call yourself one?」

She asked with a serious face completely benefiting the aloof Ramiris.

The gathered trembled at her words. Seems like it was a serious matter after all.

By the way, who’s demon lord Karion? I don’t remember fighting him, though?

「It is true that I have called myself a Demon Lord, but I don’t know anything about Demon Lord Karion’s murder…」

「Wait a minute!!! Is it true that Karion-sama has been murdered?!」

Interrupting my words, Grucius barged into the conversation.

Hmm? Could he be Karion’s subordinate?

「Demon Lord Ramiris, please answer me. Has Karion-sama truly fallen?」

「W-wait a second! Can you please not barge in while people are talking?!

But, whatever.

It does seem that Rimuru did not kill him, so there’s some evil ploy unfolding here.

‘Tis time for the great detective Ramiris, right?

At this point, the one who announced it is the most suspicious!

In other words… the culprit is Demon Lord Clayman!」

Completely ignoring Grucius’ words, she jumped straight to the conclusion.

However, though it pains me to no end, her conclusion is affirmed by Wisdom King Raphael.

As for her, she’s just reciting the line she read from a manga a second ago.

「Hey, I also agree with that hypothesis, but please answer Grucius question.

Has Demon Lord Karion truly been defeated?」

The gathered fell silent, awaiting her response.

For these large countries, it’s a big deal if a demon lord gets defeated.

It signifies the loss of balance among the demon lords.

But Ramiris is unconcerned with such matters.

Without a care,

「Huh? I don’t know. That’s the contents of the invitation sent to me?」

She nonchalantly replied.

She’s a kid after all. Though I guess it’s good enough that she bothered to come to let us know.

「So, for what purpose did you let us know this?」

「Hmm? Oh, the thing is, I was worried thinking what would happen to Beretta if you died?

So, deciding to become your ally, I came over.

Which is why I’ll create an entrance to my labyrinth here, okay?」

「Hey, why are you discussing it all at once! What do you mean an entrance to your labyrinth?

I’m grateful for the warning, but this is a separate matter!

And aren’t you treating Beretta like your own thing already?」

「Eeeehhhh… isn’t it fine? Don’t worry about the small things!

More importantly, Beretta wanted to say hi. Heeey, come over here!」

Without listening to others at all, she just says whatever she feels like saying.

Feels like the conversation came to a close.

What a ridiculously free-willed individual she is!

…………

……

…

Anyways, we decided to disperse.

Not like we’d get any more information out of Ramiris anyways.

Promising to let our guests know should any new information arrive, they left satisfied.

And, the conference being over, we made preparations for their leave.

Well, for the Dwarf Kingdom, we only had to cut the connection, though.

As for Fuze, he’ll rest a day here and then return to Brumund.

Duke Elalude wanted to talk with his daughter more, so he’ll be spending a few days.

It was truly an impromptu conference, but many important individuals gathered.

And though we had a selfish fairy barge in on us, I judged the conference a fruitful one.

Thus our impromptu conference came to a close.

＊　＊　＊

Now then, after switching rooms, I had gathered the Departments.

Along with Youmu, Myulan, and Grucius.

Though we are using the small conference room, we were all able to find a seat.

According to what Fuze has gathered, Walpurgis Banquest is a night where all the demon lords gather.

Three voices are need to schedule it, a gathering of truly powerful individuals.

Absentees have to be prepared to face severe consequences, as this is a covenant established between all the selfish demon lords.

In the first place, these happen really rarely and are hardly mentioned in human literature.

But still, the name “Walpurgis Banquet” is typically associated with the beginning of a Great Holy Magic War.

The last one being over a thousand years ago and resulted in myriad casualties and great calamities.

Thus, it is commonly known as the banquet that brings chaos and destruction into the lands.

「Their current target is Rimuru-dana, so you best be prepared.

Worst case scenario, you will have eight demon lords as enemies.

That’s if we trust Demon Lord Ramiris’ words, that is…」

Fuze said, worrying for me.

“Well, I’ll do something about it” I said to reassure him.

Being hunted by demon lords, though… cut me some slack.

Thus, I decided to hold a counter-measures meeting.

「Now then, I understand that it feels like we are continuing the conference indefinitely, but please bear with me.

We are currently gathered here regarding『Demon Lord’s Walpurgis Banquet』

According to Ramiris’ report, I am their target.

What do you think we should do?」

Anyways, I’ll ask for their opinion first as I always do.

“Yes!” Shion excitedly raised her hand.

When I point at her,

「How about we cut down all the demon lords?」

Calling on an idiot… my bad.

I felt a blood vessel pop on my head. Hadn’t something like this happened before…

「Shion, how would you cut them down? Do you have a realistic opinion?」

She hung her head in shame upon hearing my words.

「However, it seems strange that Demon Lord Milim had supported the notion.

Smells suspicious if you ask me」

Souei pointed out.

I also thought the same.

「Right. I can’t imagine Milim-sama betraying Rimuru-sama.

It’s baseless intuition. But I trust my intuition.」

Benimaru said.

I see, though he has no proof, huh?

The thing is, I don’t feel that I was betrayed by Milim.

Wisdom King Raphael too, though he has little data regarding this, mentioned that unless there was some great change, such an outcome is impossible.

I decided to believe in Milim.

「Kufufufufu. Well, if it comes down to fight against all the demon lords, let’s just crush them.

Frankly, Demon Lord Rimuru-sama alone will be enough!」

Shion nodded, happy that someone else agreed with her.

「Exactly! Isn’t it wonderful to be a newcomer.

He took the words right out of my mouth!」

The all nodded.

Why has it come to this?

By the looks of it, more than half are in complete agreement with Veldora.

The Let’s be Careful Party is composed of Gabil and Gerudo only?

Everyone’s raring to go; bloodlust has filled the room.

Suddenly, the meeting was dominated by the War Party.

「Wait a second, relax.

Anyways. We have all agreed that Milim could not have betrayed me.

So, something must have happened.

As Ramiris mentioned earlier, the culprit might just be Clayman.

So we should think upon what has occurred」

I was successful at diverting the conversation from its dangerous course.

Let’s get to the main point.

「Right? Right?

Great Detective Ramiris’ intuition was spot on!

In that case, shouldn’t we just blow Clayman away?」

「I see. That makes sense.

Alright, I’ll go and cut that guy down…」

「Hey, wait, wait! Relax a bit, Shion.

Stop getting ready to go… Benimaru and Souei, you too!」

Seriously.

This is not going in the direction I wanted it to.

And Ramiris is getting carried away as well.

「By the way, why? Why do you have so many powerful devils lying around here?!

At this point, isn’t it fine for me to have Beretta!」

She continued.

What a troubling person. She just doesn’t give up.

And, noticing that my comrades are strong, she’s getting carried away herself.

Her selfishness knows no bound!

「Would it be fine? I do not believe Karion-sama has fallen.

But, would you be willing to bring me to this Walpurgis Banquet?」

Grucius said.

Hmph. I might.

「Only the demon lord and two to three escorts can attend the banquet.

Individuals not involved in the banquet would be killed, you know?」

Ramiris responded.

On that note, I thought up something I wanted to ask,

「Hey, can you let them know that I will be participating?」

Everyone’s eyes focused on me.

I mean, if I’m being hunted, I might as well go and meet them myself.

This might also serve as a good test for the new barrier; and, worst comes to worst, I have the confidence to run away.

So rather than prowling the shadows, doesn’t attacking them head on sound more fun?

More importantly. I will never again let this city suffer a casualty.

If you’re planning on attacking my friends, you have got to be prepared for my response.

Aaah. Seems like I’ve turned into a muscle-for-brains as well.

「Kuahahaha! He’s raring to go! Very well, I shall also go!

With me attending, the Demon Lords shall know bottomless fear!」

「Yes! If master Vel-chan is going, I too will be safe!

With Beretta as well, my defenses are perfect!」

「…No? I’m not planning on protecting you at all though?」

「Ueee?! That’s so… cold… master Vel-chan!」

「And what’s with this “master” thing…」

I don’t know when, but they have become manga buddies.

Being friends is good and all, but that feeling doesn’t seem to be reciprocated.

Thus, via a dedicated demon lord channel, Ramiris let them know that I will be participating in the banquet.

What a pointlessly high level skill–it allows communication via space manipulation.

While she is busy with that, Beretta came up to greet me.

「I congratulate you on becoming a demon lord.

I too have received a blessing thanks to your evolution, and wish to say thanks.

As a result, I have evolved from an Arc Doll into a Chaos Doll.」

He said, deeply bowing.

He acquired unique skill『Saint Demon Union』

As a result, he nullifies essentially all physical or magical attacks, and, by combining demonic and saint powers, he evolved into a Chaos doll.

So, for example, while the arc doll could not have moved in the Holy Barrier I was trapped in, he now evolved beyond it.

New spirit cores awakened within his body, and by mixing with the magic ones, they became Saint Demon ones.

I really want to study him, but it’s not the time for that now.

「O-oh. As long as you’re healthy.

Once this incident ends, let’s talk a bit?」

「Ay! Your words are wasted on someone like me. I am looking forward to such a time.」

「Yeah. I’m also happy that you’re listening to what Ramiris is saying.

Well, as long as you ignore any unreasonable orders.

If anything happens during the Walpurgis Banquet, I’m counting on you.」

「Leave it to me. I will live up to your expectations!」

After such an exchange, Beretta sat down.

Since Ramiris had only one subordinate, Grucius came along with her.

Myulan also wanted to settle her grudge, but Youmu stopped her.

Well, her battle power is a little lacking.

So Beretta and Grucius will attend along with Ramiris.

While I was talking with Beretta, Shion was looking at me with a pained expression.

She’s bound to rampage if I don’t bring her.

So, I decided on Shion as one of my escorts.

And, calling Ranga from within my shadow…

「I hope you would choose me. I will not lose to the likes of some demon lords!」

How reliable.

So it’s decided.

Benimaru and Souei are disappointed, but they’ll just have to get over it.

There’s also the job of ensuring this city’s defense.

Along with Gabil and Gerudo, we have a solid defense system.

On a one in a million chance the Church sends a subjugation team, I had Diablo observe the region.

Destroying Templar’s in order to bring down the Holy Barrier takes priority, after all.

So maybe I should leave Souei on guard duty as well.

While waiting for Ramiris’ response, we are busy doing menial tasks.

In the end, my participation was recognized.

The demon lords may have just thought it inconvenient to have to go all the way out here to attack.

But, this presents a wonderful opportunity.

I now have acquired the right to participate in Walpurgis Banquet.

The demon lords I am fated to meet–Leon Cromwell and Clayman.

But this time, my target is Clayman.

I have not forgotten the Orc Lord incident.

There’s also Myulan’s case.

And more importantly, I worry about Milim.

Say your prayers.

You made me your enemy.

I am not so naive as to forgive my enemies.

…As long as you’re not a beautiful girl…





Chapter 78: Demon Lords


Demon Lord Clayman was in an unprecedented state of panic.

The humans were guided into action as planned.

The result was supposed to be a bloodbath of a battle, filled with suffering and tragedy which his soul would reap and relish.

However, the battle was concluded in an instant and all the souls were absorbed by a third-party.

He couldn’t believe it, but the recent report confirmed it.

This was a stage prepared by that honorable individual.

A fight between monsters and humans that would lead Clayman into awakening as a True Demon Lord.

Thus, he hardly cared for his subordinate Myulan, and planned to dispose of her soon after.

But he now lost connection with her. Moreover, her curse had been released and she was now free.

This fact only added to his anxiety.

But only that much was hardly a matter for concern.

Fortunately, he still has the strongest trump card known as Milim.

Thus, he had forced Frey to schedule a Subjugation Council–Walpurgis Banquet.

As it had Milim’s, Frey’s, and his signature on it, it was quickly approved; there he wishes to call for an extermination of the presumptuous Slime who dared to call itself a demon lord and its city.

Because marching his troops in the direction of human cities is strictly forbidden.

At this Subjugation Council, he will first secure dominion over the other demon lords and then obtain the rights to invade the Monster Country, Tempest.

While trampling every country along the way, of course.

As for the high ranking devils of that country, he’ll have Milim crush them.

Were it a few days ago, he could have crushed them all himself, but due to their master’s evolution, they all became devils and acquired greater power.

At this point, Clayman lamented the fact that the first plan had failed.

Well, he only had to rule over whoever remained after Milim was done with them.

But…

Suddenly the shut-in demon lord Ramiris, requested that Slime Rimuru would be granted permission to attend.

And strangely, he was given permission really quickly.

Clayman tried to veto the request, of course, but, as if it was the most natural thing in the world, three other demon lords accepted it.

Which caused all of Clayman’s plans to fall apart.

The Walpurgis Banquet that he so painstakingly gathered now was home to his enemies.

Nor could he run away from it.

If the slime himself came, even if Clayman called for a subjugation, the battle would occur at the Banquet.

“What to do? What should I do?”

Clayman desperately sought a way out of this predicament.

.

This desperation was observed by Frey who was smirking.

What an unsightly man.

Things were proceeding faster than she expected.

Though she had not predicted this outcome, it was nonetheless to her favor.

She looked at the expressionless Milim standing across from her,

At her cute face–completely void of any emotion,

At her eyes, which suddenly looked elsewhere. At Frey.

Frey nodded.

(Yes, that’s right. I understand, Milim)

She responded in her mind, with a profound smile.

And…

(Clayman, you will live not much longer)

Frey was secretly confirming theupcoming plan.

＊　＊　＊

In an unknown land, in the innermost burial chamber,

In front of a coffin wrought of ice which sealed a beautiful naked girl with flowing black hair,

Stood a being, themselves nude, beholding the coffin with a suspicious gaze.

(Ah, how beautiful. Ah…)

Observing and adoring the coffin girl was this being’s secret pastime.

A silver haired cute girl.

Her heterochromatic eyes glistened with a bizarre red and blue light.

This, among her many strikingly beautiful features, was the most prominent one.

But perhaps what garnered the most attention…

Were two pure teeth that peaked from within her small lips.

When her small lips parted, they revealed a set of pure white fangs.

She was the ruler of the night, Queen of Nightmares.

Demon Lord Ruminas Valentine.

Even she, a vampire possessing the immense power of a demon lord, could not break the ice coffin.

As it was not actually made of ice but was a pure lump of holy spirit energy.

So even touching the coffin would leave burn like marks on her body.

However…

Without any regard to this, she clung to the ice coffin.

An invitation to attend Walpurgis Banquet reached this girl.

Unfortunately, many beings of comparable power would attend.

Thus, she currently lacked the power to make them her enemies.

Though this vexed her to no end, there was naught she could do.

(Wait for me…)

She whispered the name of the adored girl, and left the chamber.

And gathering a vast amount of magical energy, she submerged the chamber in darkness.

＊　＊　＊

Two men were in the middle of a conversation.

The first was a large, sturdy man clearly known for his height.

The other was slovenly lying down, without a hint of dignity.

However, as this was his usual appearance, the former paid it no mind.

「So, how long will you be staying here?

Will you set off on another journey after the Walpurgis Banquet?」

「No clue~. What a pain. Nothing excites me anymore~」

To the large man’s question, he replied without any motivation.

But whichever…

「But surely you have no choice but to participate in Walpurgis Banquet?

So you might as well start considering what you will do afterwards」

The large man concluded.

And looked at the vast sky above as if enjoying the view.

Minutes passed silently between them,

「Hey, Dagrule, do your sons feel like becoming a demon lord?

I can take them under my care, if you’d like?」

The delicate man said as if he just remembered this idea.

The large man… no, Dagrule closed his eyes for a minute and was deep in thought.

One of the Giants, this demon lord is often referred to as “Continent’s Wrath”.

Normally a gentle man he finds the title unpleasant, but when angered he truly can’t stop his hand.

His power greatly increases when angered so he’s a demon lord treated with utmost care.

And his most closest friend, the delicate man, has never once angered him.

To the delicate man’s words,

「Nah, they resemble me when I was young.

They are rash, look down on everything, and believe that a being stronger than them does not exist.

They would look down even on you, Dino」

He replied.

The delicate man’s name is Dino. A man of unknown race with an appearance no different than a human.

But, he possess magical energy of such quantity that no human could possibly match.

Though he is a handsome man, his sleepy gaze ruins his appeal.

But he too is a demon lord. Called “The Wandering King” or “King of the Sleeping Forest”.

Even now, he has left his home and is in the middle of a journey.

And having used up all of his strength during the journey, he ended up in the care of his best friend Dagrule.

In response to Dagrule’s words,

「Ah, I don’t mind. My worth wouldn’t diminish from such a thing.

But if they are so impudent, how about you bring them over?

You have three sons, so I can bring one of them in my name?」

He said.

Of course, he meant to take them to the Demon Lords’ Walpurgis Banquet.

Dagruel thought a bit on these words.

And,

「Can I ask this of you? If they act foolish and die without coming to know true power, then that’s that.

So showing them true strength would be an excellent lesson」

He nodded.

His three sons. Like him, they are a violent bunch.

Agreeing to bring them, they continued the conversation with this in mind.

However, bringing them there is much like starting a fire next to gun powder, but these two failed to recognize it as such.

After all, both of them were particularly bad at careful planning.

＊　＊　＊

In a land covered by ice where fierce blizzards reigned,

Proudly stood a tall castle.

Its vicinity was covered in a barrier of ice, with temperatures of minus 120° Celsius such that nothing could live there.

And yet a beautiful castle adorned the land.

Its presence testified to an unimaginable amounts of magical energy–truly a castle of the highest demon.

The Castle was named “Palace of White Ice”.

And it was ruled by Demon Lord Guy Crimson.

There was a being leisurely walking though the castle.

Platinum Gold long hair, blue narrow eyes. A well defined face.

Skin so white that it was almost transparent.

He was so beautiful that he was surely mistaken for a woman.

Demon Lord Leon Cromwell. The one called the Blond Demon.

He proceeded through the halls as if he owned them.

Ahead of him was a door with beautiful carved decorations. It led to the audience chamber of the lord of the castle.

Leon’s purpose in attending was the lord of the castle, demon Lord Guy Crimson.

Leon stood in front of the door, and the two large attendant demons opened it.

And,

「Demon Lord Leon Cromwell-sama has arrived!」

A female-like demon announced the coming of Leon from above.

On the inside, many powerful Greater Demons stood on the sides.

Each was a named demon so greatly surpassed the power of a normal greater demon.

There were over 200 of them in total.

Named Greater Demons differ from normal ones as they possess a corporeal body in this world.

So each could easily rival a high ranking devil.

In other words, the room had 200 beings of a rank easily surpassing A.

But that’s not all…

At the end of the room, before the throne of Demon Lord Guy Crimson stood six demons of terrifying power.

They were Named Arch demons.

They battle power was surpassed any devil. These were pseudo-demon lord level demons.

But…

These six demon generals prevented any excessive word from going unpunished.

Ruling over all of these as Demon Lord Guy Crimson’s left and right hand were two demons.

Having become “Demon Officer” these two women serve as the Demon Lord’s spokesmen.

They possess power that rivals that a demon lord.

“Demon Officer” Mizari and “Demon Officer” Hirari.

Leon proceeded further in and stood right below the throne.

And that’s where Mizari and Hirari kneeled, and

「「Leon-sama, it has been a long time」」

At the same time they greeted Leon with a beautiful voice.

And at the same moment, the Lord of the Castle stood up from his throne.

Only the two demon lords now had the right to move within the room.

「It’s been a while, my friend Leon. Have you been in good health?

Let me thank you for coming over when I called you!」

A beautiful, projecting voice, deep crimson eyes which overshadowed the beauty of stars, hair flowing like fire, with a deeper red than the color of blood.

Same height as Leon.

Where Leon is as beautiful as a woman, Guy’s beauty was more neutral.

He could be called a woman or man; a bizarre physique.

While calling out to him, he stood up from the throne and walked up to Leon.

And after shaking Leon’s hand, he gave him a hug.

And without any hesitation, he placed his hand on Leon’s face and kissed him.

Leon pulled away with a scowl,

「Stop it. I’m not interested in dating men. How many times have I told you this already?」

He told him, treating it as a bother.

「A haha. Heartless as always.

You know, if you ask, I’ll become a woman?

Ah whatever, let’s move to a different room」

He said, and without waiting started walking.

This happened every time.

He was exposing a lot of skin while dressing in a kimono in this frigid land.

Perhaps remembering the taste of Leon’s lips, a lewd smile formed on his bewitching face.

And he started to work his tongue around his red lips….

That motion had a suspciously bewitching effect to it.

Being androgynous, he could become a man or a woman at will.

He… or perhaps she is Demon Lord Guy Crimson.

The Lord of the Castle and the oldest Demon Lord.

Called the Lord of Darkness, he has forever ruled over this frozen continent.

Guy proceeded onward showing Leon the way.

Leon followed without any sign of worry.

Until both of them left the audience chamber, not a single being had moved.

As that would have been an unforgivable act.

With their heads bowed low, they waited until their master and guest had left.

Having confirmed their departure, Mizari and Hirari stood up.

And,

「Disperse!」

They ordered their subordinates.

As for them, they began to make tea for the guest.

Among the highest beings of the castle, the job of these “Demon Officials” was nothing more than to care for Demon Lord Guy Crimson.

And that job had the highest priority within the castle.

So as to not earn the displeasure of their lord, they quickly got to work…

Leon followed Guy to the Ice Terrace on the highest floor.

Even though it opens up to the outside, snow is not permitted entry.

The environment is optimized for life.

In the first place, Guy is not affected by the environment. In other words, the room is made for Leon’s enjoyment.

Though Guy normally looks down on any stranger, for his friends he spends both effort or expense.

“Just like always,” Leon thought, taking a seat.

Though the chair he sat on was made of ice, he did not feel the cold.

That too, was the routine.

「So? Why have you called me?」

Forcefully flopping into the chair, Leon asked.

When did they have time to prepare it is uncertain, but Hirari brought in tea.

Mizari silently stood at the entrance to the terrace.

That too she did without anybody noticing.

They stood as to not intrude upon Guy’s conversation, and so, did not address Leon.

The girls were nothing more than tools, after all.

Since they had nothing to do with this conversation, they were not permitted to even show an expression unless ordered to do so.

So any motion that was not specifically ordered of them would lead to certain and quick death.

In fact, even if Leon attacked Guy, they would not move.

Guy was their supreme master, so worrying over his health was disrespectful.

Thus, ignoring their existence, they continued their discussion.

「Ah. You do know about the upcoming Walpurgis Banquet?

I was thinking that if you couldn’t attend this time, I’d forcefully have you attend」

「Huh? You know I hate these gatherings?

But I was planning on attending」

「Oh? Good, then. I had planned on having you make a clone and attend that way.

I could have you embrace me then」

「I don’t take men for partners. Even among women I only go for the one I desire.

For me to embrace you would be equivalent to some prize, wouldn’t it?」

「What’s with that? Tell me that earlier… If you wish for it, I’ll become a woman for you.

Whatever. So?

Why did you decide to participate this time?」

「Ah…」

Leon made a brief pause, but then continued talking.

「This time the banquet is hosted by Clayman. Small fry.

I’m curious why Milim is supporting him.

And Karion’s death is also suspicious.

At first it was because Clayman wanted to spur us on a subjugation, but then Ramiris requested that the party in question attends.

In other words, it’s all connected.

So I feel the need to see, this new Demon Lord “Rimuru”」

「Oh. So you believe Rimuru has the qualifications to be a demon lord, huh?

How amusing, I thought the same thing.

As for Milim, she’s probably just playing around. No use trying to figure out what she’s thinking.

The wise one in me cannot understand fools. That might be a weakness.

So it’s fine to ignore the opinion of someone like Clayman; Ramiris’ opinion, on the other hand, seems promising.

If she found someone interesting, maybe even I will enjoy myself.」

「… Ramiris, huh? I’m no good with her. From the very moment we met.

I had thought to go and kill her a few times…

But since she mentioned it, I might as well go and see」

「A hahaha. Don’t. If you kill Ramiris, I’ll be your enemy」

「Right. And I don’t want to die yet. If you come at me, I see no chances for victory」

「Hmm? Not at all. You have a one in a million chance of killing me, you know?」

「Then that’s no good. I’m only interested in fights that I can win」

「Stop with the humility. There’s few people who can even hurt me.

Having a chance to kill me means that you’re strong. Have some confidence」

「Hmph. I am confident. Against anyone other than you, that is.」

That’s where their conversation stopped,

And without a moment passing,

「Ara ara. Has your conversation finished?

Leon-sama, I extend my humblest welcome」

A voice like ice.

And it came from a beautiful white haired girl.

Pure white skin, with cold and bewitching Blue Diamond colored eyes.

And bright white lips.

A girl walking around without Guy’s permission.

But she did not need his permission. In other words, she was their equal.

“Ice Empress” she was called, but is more known by her name “Ice Dragon Velzado”.

She is one of the four dragons, and Demon Lord Guy Crimson’s first subordinate.

Though rather than calling her a subordinate, it may be more appropriate to call her a partner.

An existence far different than the tools.

「My oh my, Velzatto. Beautiful as always」

「Ara? Even if it’s only flattery, your words have made me happy」

A brief polite exchange.

That revealed none of their real feelings.

「Hmph. You guys are on bad terms as always」

Guy as well was vexed at their animosity.

Normally, this would have led to an unpleasant exchange…

But this time, Velzatto changed the topic.

「Right, right. My “brother” has awakened」

She suddenly declared.

「Awakened? The sealed “Storm Dragon Valdora”?

I know that he was sealed, but didn’t they say he had been erased?」

「Yes. He had quieted down before disappearing, so I thought to help him out…

Being erased is pitiful, you know.

He was trapped in an isolated space made by the hero that could not be influenced by the outside.

Many beings have lost their lives swallowed by such barrier」

「Oh… interesting.

In that case, who could have dispelled this hero’s seal?

Unique skill “Eternal Prison”, other than by other heroes, could not be dispelled by a normal skill.

I have the … skill, and perhaps by your … skill.

Well, we had planned to release him sooner or later.

But considering that he has not rampaged since being released, does that mean he has weakened?」

「Yes. He has. The response I am getting from him is strangely weak.

But still, not rampaging is quite unlike him.

His very being is made around the concept of violence, after all.」

「Well, in any case, I have no desire to fight Veldora.

If you want to make him yours, do as you wish.

Anyways, let’s meet at the Walpurgis Banquet」

「You are leaving already?」

「Yeah. That’s all you wanted from me, right?」

「Ah, wait a second. No need to rush.

By the way, have you succeeded with the “Special Summoning” yet?」

「… Not yet.

Frankly, I don’t care much for new demon lords or what-not.

It’s just, according to my sources, this one might be messing with my summoning tests」

「Oh? The one named Rimuru?」

「Yeah. So I want to at least see him once.

But I’ll be ignoring Ramiris, just so you know…」

「Just curious, but who’s this informant?」

「No idea. Magic Energy is a important factor when summoning “World Travelers”.

When I summon, since I try to narrow down the criteria as much as possible, the interval becomes much longer.

At the present, I can only summon one being once every sixty six years.

But since I need to narrow down the criteria even more, my next summoning attempt will be in ninety-nine years.

This informant is trying out summoning in my place during this time」

「How timid of you」

「I’ve failed many times, you see. Even after obtaining “Luck Blessing” from Ramiris, I couldn’t succeed」

「Is this matter that important?」

「Yeah… To me, it’s more important than anything in the world」

「I see. In that case, I won’t say anything.

But about this assistant… is he trustworthy?」

「Trust? No way. But he does have some use」

「I see. I know I don’t need to say this, but do be careful」

「That’s not like you, Guy. But, I’ll accept the warning.

Thanks. Now then, let’s meet at Walpurgis Banquet」

Leaving these words, Leon left,

Leaving only a ball of light behind due to Spatial Movement magic.

Seeing this,

「What an impatient man. Well, that’s just like him」

Guy muttered while grimacing.

「But, he has created a dangerous opening.

This unknown “assistant”… should I crush him?」

Velzatto asked with a cold voice,

「Don’t. Unnecessary actions will only earn Leon’s displeasure.

I have no desire to be hated by a friend」

Guy answered, unworried.

To Guy, Leon was a trustworthy friend so these words were born out of familiarity with his personality.

Moreover, he simply knew how powerful Leon’s abilities were.

「When he comes asking, we’ll help him」

「Understood」

And that conversation ended.

Guy confirmed that his stay-at-home friend will be attending. Even though he was called out without a care for his needs, Leon seemed not to mind.

Guy as well had ignored the summons a few times, but could not remember why.

Thus, after a long time, all the demon lords will gather.

「This banquet seems promising, will you come?」

「Will I… No, I won’t.

I have no interest in demon lords」

「Is that so? Oh well. In that case, I leave the house-sitting to you」

「Yes. I’ll make the necessary preparations」

Velzatto left after uttering these words.

Guy, left behind, observed the aura of the icy continent, while thinking about the upcoming Walpurgis Banquet.

A crafty demon lord prowling around.

A small fry, signifying the weakening demon lords.

A shut in friend who finally took action–Guy found this point interesting.

And, the birth of a new demon lord.

How amusing. He had felt the loud beating of his heart for the first time in many hundreds of years.

The last battle was between weaklings.

Perhaps he could look forward to the upcoming one.

With that thought, he started thinking about the hero.

When was the last time he had felt one…

The one that invaded Leon’s castle was also a hero.

Leon ran away without fighting, claiming that the hero was strangely strong.

It wouldn’t be strange for a human to die of old age by now, but Ramiris claimed that this hero was “special”.

So it wouldn’t be strange if it could extend its lifespan.

Nor were its movements regular, appearing only before powerful individuals.

Guy had never been able to meet the hero, but would have wanted to try fighting it once.

This time’s fight might be grand.

It may not involve only monsters, but have the saints and the humans mixed in, resulting in a great calamity.

So perhaps even a hero will appear.

At this point, Guy had completely forgotten about the new demon lord.

To him, demon lords were a trifling existence…

He desired to meet a hero. That thought brought a smile to his face.





Chapter 79: Dino and Dagruel


We left the forest on our way to the Demon Lords’ Walpurgis Banquet guided by Ramiris.

We were flying on Veldora’s back, so even though the trip should have taken a while, it probably won’t.

Seeing the marshes below us testified to our current speed.

That is, getting to the marshes would have normally taken us 2~3 days but now it took a mere hour.

Veldora personally found assuming a giant form troublesome, but as we had Shion, Beretta, and Grucius who couldn’t fly, I asked him to put up with it.

On that note,

「Ramiris, were you planning on walking all the way to the banquet room (?)?」

I asked.

No matter how I thought about it, I couldn’t imagine her making it on time.

In response,

「Hmm? Oh, walking there was hardly a problem.

If I did, I’d always have someone pick me up on the way there!」

She gave an answer that I couldn’t exactly wrap my head around.

She… is always late so everyone has already gotten used to coming to pick her up.

Chances are, that someone has a spatial travel type ability.

If that’s the case, then where are we headed right now?

Overcome with a feeling of dread, I dared to ask,

「Eh? There’s no way I would know!」

“What the hell! We’re flying by your request and to your directions!” I stopped myself from saying.

That’s just the way she is.

Well, there’s no need to keep on flying then. So we decided to land and proceed while enjoying our surrounding.

Thus we’re calmly proceeding down the road.

The moment you leave the Jura Forest you are already in Demon Lords’ lands.

Not that there’s any grand difference in scenery, however.

Compared to human cities and villages the magic energy density is higher, but not at levels at which humans couldn’t survive.

But, of course, the boulder on the side of the road wouldn’t one day transform into Demon Steel Ore.

Are there also few monsters naturally appearing here?

I decided to ask,

「Ah, even if we call it Demon Lord’s dominion, unless we are talking about their residence or perhaps their province, normal people can also live here.

As long as they pay the demon lord the appropriate tax, their safety is guaranteed」

Veldora explained.

“Oh, so that’s how it is. As expected of the all knowing master!” Ramiris added.

Why don’t you know! I wanted to retort, but gave up.

「But, there are also demon lords with unknown demesne.

Among the ones I have fought, there’s the Giant, the Vampire, and the Demon.

Of them, I only fought the Giant Dagrule and the Vampire Ruminas.

And although it was only a single battle with Dagrule, it was fun..

As for Ruminas, I turned the Vampire Country into ash, so when she came at me for real, I decided to withdraw!

She just doesn’t understand jokes. Where her domain is, I do not know.

The other one was the king of demons.

I had fought with his entourage of demons, but never with the king himself.

His castle is located on the continent of ice, and it’s damn cold. No humans live there.

Going there would be boring, so I hadn’t gone. Moreover…」

At that point, Veldora’s words became rather unclear, and

「Anyways, there’s no need to go to the middle of nowhere! Kuahahaha!」

He laughed trying to hide something.

But, well, seems like this geezer has already angered a few demon lords.

If my country was turned into ash, even I’d get mad.

Moreover, the Giant demon lord who once fought Veldora also seems dangerous.

As for the ice continent, unless I’m going to have some business there, I see no reason to go. So no need to think about that.

However, demon lords seem actually pretty powerful. Comparing them by using the brat Ramiris as a base was certainly a mistake.

I probably should have based them on Milim instead.

Even after evolving, whether I can win against Milim or not is uncertain.

No matter how many times we battled, since she never went all out, I don’t have enough data.

If compared to when we fought, I could win; but, as I do not know just how much she was holding back, I shouldn’t be getting haughty.

And, I can’t believe Milim would support a subjugation order for me.

Though it’s clear that we are dancing to someone’s tune here, I can’t help but think that Milim is being manipulated–whether she was awake or asleep…

I can, however, imagine that she has some reason for all of this.

Not that thinking about it now will lead anywhere.

Let’s decide this after we meet.

And so, while listening to Veldora’s tales, we continued leisurely down the road.

If Ramiris is correct, we’ll be shown the way by one of the demon lords soon.

So while we were enjoying the breeze, we chanced upon two men approaching us.

They are coming straight over here.

A tall (huge!) chestnut haired man, and a slovenly green haired delicate man.

Did they come to meet us? I thought and looked at them,

「Yo! Ramiris, how have you been?」

「Oooooh! Isn’t that Veldora! You doing good?

What a weak aura you’re giving off.

I had just convinced myself that I was feeling someone with a similar aura」

The conversation begun thus.

「Oh, Dino, huh. Well done coming to get me!」

「Ah, Dagruel! We were just discussing our last battle」

Whether they came to meet us is yet unknown, but that they know each other is certain.

So we went straight to introductions.

When I introduced myself,

「Heh, so you’re this time’s main character, huh. So, why are you being hunted?」

「Oh, it’s a pleasure to meet you. I have never heard of a slime becoming a demon lord」

They said, surprised.

Why am I being hunted, huh? That’s what I would like to know.

「Iya~, no idea, really…」

I said and summarized the events up until now.

While we were at it, I had them tell the tale of how they met Veldora and Ramiris.

They are a friendly bunch. But, I couldn’t analyze the depth of their powers.

As expected, all I knew was that they are demon lords.

After listening to my story, they thus decided…

While I shouldn’t let my guard down, the demon lords are hardly united.

At the moment, these two do not believe I had killed Karion–with whom they are good friends.

While they certainly believed I was capable of it, Grucius’ testimony convinced them otherwise.

But, if I did not have proof, my subjugation my have been decided by a majority vote.

Though this is puzzling, had I first called myself a demon lord and killed Karion there would have been no problems, but if I were trick and kill Karion first and then call myself a demon lord, that would have been no good.

Such are the rules of the powerful demon lords, it seems.

So, since this time the banquet was hosted with the premise that I killed Karion through deception, my subjugation would have been certainly agreed upon.

Karion excluded, I now need to get five demon lords to object to the request to overturn it.

Good thing I discussed these things with the participants.

In other words, I have fallen into someone’s wicked trap…

And this realization caused anger to boil within me.

Though we haven’t met, the culprit is Clayman.

The problem is Milim who has supported him. If we solve that, the demon lords’ anger would no longer be directed at me.

Of course, trying to fight all the demon lords at once would be suicide.

I mean, I can’t perceive the power of the two before me, so there’s no reason to start a pointless battle.

Of course, that’s as long as they don’t challenge me.

But demon lords are unexpectedly receptive.

These two believed my words.

Though maybe they’re just that pure.

Veldora, while in the middle of learning to repress his aura, was talking with Dagrule.

Somehow, he saw the value of my habits through reading the Holy Texts (Manga), and stopped pointlessly releasing his aura.

He’s really excited about having his opponents underestimate him only to freak them out by suddenly releasing it.

The monsters of the city, as a result, can live in peace, so we’re certainly grateful. But it’s still strange.

I know what manga’s knowledge he filled his head with, but this does bother me a bit.

In short, his brain has been replaced with manga…

Dagrule is enthusiastically listening to his explanation, nodding and agreeing.

In the first place, as a Giant whose power increases due to anger, he doesn’t release that much aura.

In fact, right now his aura is that of a normal human.

Surely he has already heard everything Veldora has to say…

「So in other words, if I learn to control my anger, I will obtain new powers!」

Somehow, an outrageous conversation reached my ears.

Hey, heeeey!

There’s now way a demon lord called “The Continent’s Anger” could control it and turn it into energy!

Besides, I wouldn’t want a demon lord who once fought Veldora growing any stronger.

And anger runs in the Giant’s veins.

He’s currently a large man surpassing 2 meters in height, but when he goes all out, his body grows five times as large.

So a rampaging 12 meter tall giant… a truly troublesome demon lord he is.

When he was introducing himself earlier, I thought from the bottom of my heart that he was a demon lord I did not want to have visiting my city.

Anyways, it seems that they have decided to have him practice to control his anger, but that’s no longer my problem.

If he fails and rampages in his own country… I’ll just be happy if he doesn’t come to complain to me later.

The other demon lord, Dino is…

Having a friendly conversation with Ramiris.

They seem close, and their conversation smooth.

That’s probably because Dino was once – a long time ago – in her care, so he’s addressing her politely.

「By the way, Ramiris. Haven’t you shrunk since we last met?」

「Nothing I can do about that! It hasn’t even been 50 years since I was last reborn!」

「That must be inconvenient. Have you inherited all your memories?」

「That I have. But, the spirit regresses along with the body you see…

Well, since I am the strongest, this kind of handicap is natural!」

「You don’t say. Tell that to Guy and he’ll pluck your wings out!」

「Bah! Do you take me for a fool? Why bring up such a small fry!

Though I can easily take Guy out with a single punch, I just don’t feel like it!」

This, too, seems like a fun conversation.

Seems like Ramiris is panicking just from hearing the name “Guy”. If her mouth’s running off that much, he must be a truly dangerous guy.

So let’s make a mental memo: “Guy is dangerous”.

Like this, I might be able to avoid danger some day. So no ridiculing her.

The conversation eventually led them to discussing their subordinates.

Ramiris was proudly showing off Beretta.

「With him, I can finally pay back the demon lords for calling me a runt and loner.

Even you are no match for him!」

「Eh? Can I break him?」

「Haaah? Of course you can’t!

If you do… I’ll go to Guy and have him punch you as punishment!」

「Or so I say, but isn’t this amazing? If I look closely, he’s truly dangerous!」

Dino, whose eyes were half asleep until now, suddenly opened wide.

And pleased by the result,

「Right! Right, right! Well, now even my persuasiveness must have increased」

She said, while trying to emphasize her non-existent chest.

Well, I had built him, though. Not that I care.

Whether Beretta is fed up with her by now is unknown, but he’s silently carrying out his guardian duties.

Things continued on like this for a while, but then I decided to ask.

「By the way, where are we headed?

We have been continuing down this path for a while, but you two do know where the banquet will be held, right?

Oh, and are you not bringing anyone with you?」

From what I could see, they were only happily walking nowhere.

Upon hearing my question, the two looked at each other and laughed.

From what they said, they didn’t want to oversleep, so set off a bit early.

And upon spotting us, decided that we might as well journey together.

In any case, we don’t know the way and neither do they.

But, well

「「We’ll have someone come and get us」」

They said, carefree.

Since we were getting tired from walking, we decided to have some tea.

I took it out from within my stomach, and setting some tableware and sheets, started preparing it.

If someone would come get us, we might as well have waited in the city.

Well, I guess I should be happy to have met two demon lords.

While I was taking out the lunch that Shuna had prepared, the two were behaving themselves.

Since she made quite a lot, we could easily serve two more people.

The taste, of course, received rave reviews.

As expected of Shuna.

By the way, Shion was not permitted to cook.

Though she does possess the unique skill『Cook』, not knowing the basic makes it a huge waste of talent.

After the meal, while we were enjoying the tea,

「By the way, are you not bringing anyone with you?」

I asked.

They brought Dagruel’s three sons–generals, and five captains with them.

Since generals and captains have participated in the banquet before, they thought it should be fine.

But his sons are here for the first time. So they’re bound to cause problems, he said.

Is that fine? I wanted to ask, but couldn’t.

Dino has no one with him.

Seems like there are demon lords with no followers. Milim seems the same, so that I can easily accept.

By the way, there’s a reason for restricting the number of participants.

A long time ago, there were demon lords who would bring over a hundred individuals to flaunt their power.

Some had their countries reduced to ash so came seeking to be annihilated.

So, they decided that you had to bring someone of at least low class devil ranking.

According to the now ruined demon lords, they had always brought high ranking devils, but no one can confirm that and such reports have been ignored.

Anyways, in order to prevent such foolish actions, they decided to limit the number of participants.

Though there are many demon lords who participate with a clear lack of confidence.

While we were discussing these things, I suddenly felt a rift open up in space.

Seems like our guide has come.

In front of us, a gate has opened.

From within, a beautiful woman wearing black maid outfit came out and bowed.

「I have come to guide you, Ramiris-sama.

If you will, please follow me」

She said, while keeping the gate open.

While completely making herself seem unimportant. She was the embodiment of discipline itself.

A true professional.

But, moreover,

This maid, feels as overwhelming as Diablo–the “Demon Lord/Official”.

She’s clearly dangerous.

「Oh, if it isn’t Mizari. It’s been a while! How’s Guy doing?」

「Ay, the likes of me is not so presumptuous as to worry for my great master…」

「Ah, is that so. You never change. Whatever」

She says while jumping into the gate.

We followed. If we’re left behind here, there’s the fear of not being able to come here at all.

But the maid is Guy’s subordinate, it seems.

Seems like Guy is one of the demon lords, but, if possible, I would rather not make him my enemy.

Well, that depends on the situation, though.

The time to test my resolution has come.

Ahead await the rulers of this world.

But I was not afraid.

Because I, too, am one of these strongest individuals.

While steeling myself, I proceeded into the gate.





Chapter 80: The Incident before the Banquet


The Demon Lords’ Banquet (Walpurgis).

The people who participated in the Banquet were the current nine Demon Lords.

And the most prominent figure at the banquet was the one who had just transcended into the realm of Demon Lords.

The participants were listed below:

Demon Race...”Dark Emperor (Lord of Darkness)” Guy Crimson.

Fairy Race (Pixie)...“Labyrinth Fairy” Ramiris.

Dragonoid Race...”Tyrant of Destruction (Destroyer)” Milim Nava.

Giant Race...”Wrath of the Earth (Earthquake)” Dagruel.

Vampire...”Queen of Evil Night (Queen of Nightmares)” Ruminas Valentine.

Fallen Angel Race...”Sleeping Ruler” Dino.

Winged Race (Harpy)...”Sky Queen” Frey.

Undead Race...”Marionette Master” Clayman.

Former Human...”Blond Demon” Leon Cromwell.

The seating order around the round table was decided based on the order in which they become Demon Lords.

There was one vacant seat, and a temporary seat was prepared at the lowest position.

Guided by the maids, each Demon Lord would take their respective seat.

At that silent hall, in the middle of the room that separated from the outside world were three people. They were already seated on their own seat and were waiting for the arrival of the other Demon Lords. Those three were Guy, Leon, and Ruminas.

Then, some noisy people invaded the room penetrating the silence.

「Yahoo~, You guys healthy?」

A fairy flew quickly to her seat while saying those words. It was Ramiris.

「Long time no see!」

A giant greeted everyone and sat down on his seat. It was Dagruel.

「Yo, As usual, you people all seem rather gloomy.」

Calling and teasing the pretty girl with silver hair next to her seat. It was Dino.

Naturally, there was no response. Only an unpleasant glare.

The one who followed after the three Demon Lords was the newcomer. The main actor of the Banquet had arrived.

The first three who were already on their seats, concentrated their glares at Rimuru’s arrival.

One person looked interested.

One person looked uninterested.

One person looked with hatred on its eyes.

However, the person under their gaze didn’t greet anyone and so he was guided to the temporary seat and sat down on it.

With this, there were three remaining Demon Lords that had yet to arrive.

The mood was oppressive as the Demon Lords waited for all members to be present. Their attendants were waiting at the back.

For some reason, the three people who were standing behind Dino and Dagruel, looked like they had been beaten up badly, but no one mentioned anything about it.

They seemed to want to say something but were completely ignored.

Just before the appointed time for the banquet to begin, three Demon Lords entered simultaneously.

The host of this Banquet was Clayman and, including the two Demon Lords that entered with him, all members were present.

At that moment, in front of the Demon Lords who were waiting for the opening statement of The Walpurgis Banquet, a surprising incident happened.

Clayman raised his fist … and struck Milim!

「Walk quickly, you dim-wit!」

To use such violent words towards Milim was a death sentence.

Seeing this incident, everyone was awestruck.

To the one named “The Tyrant Milim” …

This countered all logical sense. Alas, that idiotic guy, he’s done for.

And yet......

Even after committing such a violent act towards Milim, Clayman didn’t show any remorse.

Milim wasn’t resisting, and without any complaint she just sat there on her seat.

This situation could be considered very strange; the other Demon Lords couldn’t believe what had just occurred.

Thus, though foreshadowing ill-omened events to come, The Walpurgis Banquet began.

　−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−

While Dino was sitting on his seat, he was thinking about the monster he had met earlier.

A rather intriguing monster. Also, Dino sensed a comparable strength to his own emanating from him.

He wasn’t like the feeble Clayman; he had the True Demon Lord’s Ambition.

How … interesting.

Holding the Unique Skill『Sloth』, he was nearly finished with depraving Dagruel.

He was a truly uncontrollable person; who held an overwhelming power, so Dino has been avoiding having serious battles against him.

Just as the skill name suggests, containing the word ‘Sloth’, the skill power was meant to deprave in nature....

After his son who will succeed his throne, the depraving will be completed.

His sons had enough qualification to become a Demon Lord. After they receive enough experience then they will become one.

Then, Dagruel would retire, and it would become what Dino had planned before.

Unique Skill 『Sloth』 power was to cause the depraved person to become his subordinate and at the same time deprive them from their abilities.

With a powerful yet obedient pawn, he expects to obtain a great magic power.

Well, for Dino, this was just a game for staving off his boredom, but... even so, this magnificent game had been played for almost 300 years.

And yet.

From Veldora’s words, he noticed the possibility of an even higher goal.

Aspiration to improve himself has began to bud, yet his opponent was someone that can’t be reached by his own power.

That thought really saddens him......

But even so, he felt that it was amusing.

And then, even if Dino himself didn’t realize that amusing feeling he had caused a tiny effect on 『Sloth』.

But it was just a tiny influence.

For an ability to reach perfection, it needs a very long time and a gigantic amount of energy, but that tiny influence starts to cause a transformation.

Without getting being perceived by the Possessor (Skill Master) belonging to Dino, the skill was quietly stored deep inside his heart.

After a short duration of time had passed, Clayman entered.

He wasn’t someone who caught Dino’s interest, but at that time Dino witnessed a surprising scene.

The scene of Clayman striking Milim.

Dino’s eyes became wide open upon seeing the occurrence of that unbelievable sight.

Milim, who was clearly in a higher position then Dino, was struck by the weakling Clayman.

As the one who called oldest Demon Lord, she considered to have an abnormal level of skill and seemingly infinite amount of magic power.

The only person who could be considered as her equal was Guy.

That overpowering abnormality of an existence: Milim… was being hit and abused by the weakling Clayman!

Dino experienced an emotion he thought to no longer exist within him; forcing its way out from the deepest recesses of his heart.

This emotion was … Anger. Or possibly even Frustration.

Thus, those emotions become the nourishment to further the evolution of the skill『Sloth』.

And that evolution, before long, accelerated and stimulated the evolution of his mind. (ED:心kokoro,read as: mind, spirit, heart, inner strength)

From this, a certain power was acquired by Dino.

　−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−

While I was being guided to the meeting place, there were some who tried to pick a fight with me due to my frail appearance of a child.

「Do you know that this place is only for the strong? A small fry like you should just go home!」

They shot out round after round of threats; this reminds me of an old styled thug.

To dye their hair blond with face piercings here and there.

They even come as a clichéd set of trio villains.

These punks were here for a person that looked weak and tried to ganging upon them to show off their strength.

Even with their appearance, they were not weak.

Their energy quantity was considerably abundant, maybe it even surpasses that of Benimaru or Shion.

But,

Shion asks me with her eyes, I simply answered it with a light nod.

The next moment, the three people had become laughably pitiful.

They were beaten up badly; there bodies’ were completely black and blue.

Without even taking out her cherished Ōdachi, named Hercules' Edge, Shion, with her ridiculous strength, struck the trio.

Even if the opponent has the same amount of energy, it had ended in a one-sided beatdown.

「I’m sorry, was that enough?」

Although she apologized to me, this was far beyond ‘enough’.

But, it’s good that they allowed us to vent our stress.

Maybe these punks were Dagruel’s sons?

They came and approached us when they saw us, maybe it was to ‘warn’ us.

I don’t know reasoning behind it were, but after we had passed the gate, there were multiple paths and we became lost.

And then, we got involved with these three punks.

Because we pass through a Transfer Gate to the Underworld, this unpleasant incident occurred.

「Learn from this experience, Don’t ever judge a book by its cover!」

After teaching them some lessons, we left them behind.

About that trio, although I got caught up in the moment to lecture them about various things, but I am glad that it was us.

If it was some other Demon Lords, a very sad thing may happen to them.

Even if they could handle an opponent with similar level of magic power, they weren’t able to judge and verify enemy that had overwhelming power and act preemptively.

Shion also had herculean strength that went easily unnoticed.

Even though that trio was defeated like some small fry, but they could actually all be considered to have a power around that of a pseudo-Demon Lord Class.

Eh? So does that make Shion a pseudo-Demon Lord Class?

That’s, Err......

Calm down.

But, really, that Shion!? That moron, there was no way that she could ever be a pseudo-Demon Lord.

I convinced myself with that, and continued forward.

In the back, I thought I heard something like『Sensei, no please let me call you Shisho!』, I’ll pretend I never heard that.

A colossal door appeared before us.

Beyond it was the meeting place.

When I entered, I was guided to my seat.

I sat down, and begun to survey the surroundings, Dino and Dagruel already sat on their respective seat.

I caught the sight of the now beaten up trio standing behind them. As I expected, they were Dagruel’s sons.

Everyone just ignored them.

As expected, this can’t be a common thing, after all this was the place where 100 High ranked Devils could easily be killed. There doesn’t seem to be anyone who had problem with this turn of events.

In this situation, I can only observe the other Demon Lords.

The farthest was a man with bewitching red hair. If he was a woman, he'd undoubtedly be a beauty.

I understood from a glance, this person was dangerous.

When I tried to analyze him, I only obtained trivial information.

He has the same wavelength of irregular Energy quantity;just like Diablo.

In other words, His Energy level was high, but the data shows that he was a novice that’s not able to completely control his demonic aura.

However, my eyes cannot be deceived.

Or possibly, she may have deceived the analysis power of『Wisdom Lord Raphael 』, this information was likely fake.

To make the opponent see false information and misjudge histrue power.This allows someone to grasp victory before a fight by having an opponent underestimate them.

In my terms, it was to conceal power. In other words, it was for making it hard for an opponent to gauge your true power through suppressing your demonic aura.

But this person’s idea was to exploit the opponent’s information analysis ability.

Someone who’s made afraid by this kind of information was not worthy to be considered as an opponent.

Of course, someone who can’t perceive this as false information was out of question. But the problem is, even disregarding what was seen and just by deducting his Level, it was at Diablo’s level of power.

His true level of power can’t be estimated.

This person was obviously someone extraordinary.

No doubt about it, I instinctively felt that this fellow was a Demon Lord named “Guy".

And, on his left was Ramiris.

She sat on the seat of honor, was it because she’s a senior?

She seems happy as she was swinging her feet back and forth. Just like a child. It might better to leave her alone.

Next to her was a vacant seat.

Next to it was Dagruel.

This large man (Ossan) has an unbelievably high energy quantity. It seems to be three times that of Diablo

However, what was important was quality, not quantity.

It’s about how we can use energy in most efficient manner possible. Even if we had the same class, the expertise we show in using each of our respective abilities can be become a deciding factor.

A little while ago, if I wasn’t told to control my anger, I might unable to differentiate between an ally and an enemy.

No, even if it can be controlled easily, I’m still worried.

There were still a lot of mysterious monsters. Even if the road was smooth it doesn’t mean I shouldn’t afraid of rocks.

So, I mustn’t relax my guard

At my opposite, besides Ramiris’s neighbor, a beautiful girl with silver hair took her seat.

Her skin gave off transparent feel, while her heterochromatic eyes glistened with a deep crimson and light sky blue.

In every aspect she was a perfect beauty.

Behind her was a man who looked like a butler, he doesn’t make any movement just like a statue.

He certainly was an expert butler; with great etiquette.

He might have the same idea as me, as he suppresses his Demonic Aura, his ability level can’t be read.

Like this, I was surprised that he was the subordinate.

As for the beautiful girl, she leaked out enormous amount of Demonic Aura.

But, the girl’s demonic aura had random change in quality and quantity so it makes any reading pointless.

So this was the Demon Lord Class?

The glares that she sends at my direction were scary. Perhaps, her glare passed by me and sticks towards Veldora behind me.

This girl was unmistakably a vampire. A Demon Lord whose Kingdom turned into ashes.

She was an opponent you most definitely don’t want to anger!

The talk about『My Head Hurts』 situation was about this girl?

Some say that it was a blessing to die because of a pretty girl’s wrath. But, just as expected, I cannot see any blessings in that.

I only pray that such condition will not happen to me because someone else’s mistake.

And the one who tried to had a friendly talk with the girl was Dino.

As expected. A completely KY-person. (ED: KuukiYomenai, lit: Someone who can’t read air/mood)

This man was fearless.

But, he had enough power to back his attitude.

He emitted a large amount of energy, but most likely he suppressed most of it.

This one too, by using Jamming, he concealed his true ability.

If I try to analyze him seriously he would surely notice. What a shrewd guy.

And, the one I’m most bothered by, the person who sat next to me at the lowest seat, Leon.

At a glance, he was a beauty. With features that could have been granted by the gods.

If I was my old-self, I would say, Explode! Or so I thought.

Though he was formerly a human, his aura was impressive.

He was fully clad with Demon Lord’s dignity.

In fact, his true power cannot be analyzed.

That’s interesting. Lord of Wisdom Raphael analysis can be said to have a weak point.

That is, if it also about an ability with equal power.

This guy, there was no mistake. He also has an Ultimate Skill.

And then, at that moment, I noticed.

Guy’s deliberately giving off false information. Was that a countermeasure against Ultimate Skill(s)?

In that case, it’s very likely that Guy was also a possessor of an Ultimate Skill.

Even for a Demon Lord, they wouldn’t necessarily have Ultimate Skill.

To come to possess one was a mixture of that person’s nature, luck and coincidence.

But, the Ultimate Skill(s) power levels vary from skill to skill.

For that reason, from now onI should tread carefully.

Then, about me who was a possessor of Ultimate Skill(s), it was already exposed to Guy.

Although I don’t have any concise information on my opponent, the opponent already has information about me.

What a blunder.

It already happens, so there was nothing that can be done. There was no use in worrying about what ability had leaked out.

In the future, it was essential to imitate a counter-plan like this, so I should be grateful for this experience.

If I’m still alive after this.

Now, I had understood about Ultimate Skill usage.

Leon seems to be uninterested in me.

However, I have something to say to you.

「Leon, Shizu-san had passed away.

She entrusted me to deliver a punch , free of charge, just for you; so let me hit you.」

I called out to Leon and give him a straight ball. (ED: Japanese idiom, straight to the point)

In response to my words, Leon opened his eyes.

And,

「I refuse.

......But, if it is an invitation to a fight, it’s okay for you to come and punch me.

However, I will specify the time. If you think this is a trap, it’s okay if you don’t come.」

While saying those words coldly, he closed his eyes once again.

And with that, he doesn’t seem to have any more interest directed towards me.

His skill of evading the point was rather superb.

「I see. I will accept it, please send a invitation.」

So I replied and stop my voice.

Although he looked annoyed, I saw a small nod from Leon.

I think its okay. With this, I was able to convey what Shizu-san wanted.

Although I may have to postpone this issue for later date the most important problem was Clayman currently.

While waiting for a while, Clayman and the final two Demon Lords came at last.

Then, I witnessed an unfathomable sight.

Clayman hit Milim (・・・). That, Milim…

Inside me, My anger almost exploded.

(You...., don’t ever think you can die in ease......)

I proclaim the “Death” of Clayman.

No matter the reason, I will not forgive him.

However, I must not rush.

Because the Banquet has yet to begin.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TL: About some things like the Demon lords' title can have many interpretations. In case you want to know Dagruel/Dagrule name in Japanese is write as Daguryuuru (ダグリュール)





Chapter 81: At the Banquet


Clayman felt himself to be triumphant.

The old generation which looked down on him now looked with utter surprise.

From only hitting one arrogant brat.

So when these stubborn geezers would fall prostrate before him, then he could finally create a world for monsters.

So Clayman thought in his heart of hearts.

But… was this fine?

This question came to mind.

That honorable person had mentioned not to stand out, but here he was at the center of attention.

This thought, Clayman quickly dismissed.

It’s alright. Recommending a subjugation was a matter of persuasive power, after all.

Besides, by showing Milim as his follower surely he would dissuade them from opposing him.

What demon lord would oppose the strongest demon lord Milim?

But is that actually the case?

Did he go to far? Why is he feeling anxiety?

Truly, there was no need to hit Milim.

Moreover, thinking about the Walpurgis Banquet and the possibility of failing to garner the demon lords’ support made him truly uneasy…

No, wait. Isn’t something off?

Why were alarm bells going off in Clayman’s head?

If the current plan failed, the following one would be jeopardized. And that was no good.

He had to get advice from that honorable person…

But he was currently forbidden from contacting that person.

Besides, he still had the trump card called Milim.

And, thank to his unique skill『Puppeteer』she was currently completely under his control.

In front of her overwhelming power even that Karion was eliminated without offering a hint of resistance.

And after calming his fears thus, a smile appeared on his face.

「Now then, let me thank you all from the bottom of my heart for gathering upon my summons.

Let’s begin my banquet.

Thus I declare that the Walpurgis Banquet has begun!」

As per his rights as the one who gathered them, Clayman declared the start of the banquet.

And so, for the first time in many hundreds of years, begun the banquet attended by every demon lord.

＊　＊　＊

Guy was observing Clayman with a smirk on his face.

He almost started laughing looking at this joke of a man, and was truly proud of himself for holding it back.

Clayman is completely misunderstanding.

Rather, he just doesn’t get it.

Though they are called the ten great demon lords, that’s a name the humans selfishly decided for them and not one Guy recognizes.

Whether there are ten or hundred matters little to him.

But, the Holy Demon Great War 500 years ago left less than ten of them.

And then, the new demon lords suddenly decided to fight for dominance and decided to keep the number at ten.

The humans must have been overjoyed to hear that the number of dangerous beings would decrease.

So this rule is more of an unspoken agreement, if anything.

Guy is the first demon lord.

He granted the wish of his powerless summoner and destroyed an enemy nation.

As payment, he destroyed the summoner’s country.

And with this, though it was unnecessary, he noticed his awakening as a true demon lord.

The two Arch Demons he summoned to destroy the first country evolved into Demon Officials after destroying the latter one.

And, he permitted them to continue serving him.

There was another being who awakened as a demon lord at the same time as Guy.

Milim.

One of the four “dragons”, the first among them, created a child with a human.

Interestingly enough, most of the “dragon’s” power was taken by this child.

Thus, the “dragons” declared the making of children a taboo.

The “dragon” who lost his power took on flesh, and became the founder of the dragon family.

From then on, the mass of natural holy spirits came to be called the Dragon Race.

Presently, the many dragons who inhabit the world can trace their roots to this founder

The “Dragon Race”, Star King Dragon Veldanava.

That dragon reincarnated as his daughter’s pet dragon and was killed by some country.

Thus, these fools came to know the meaning of imperial wrath.

In her anger, Milim destroyed the country.

And awakened as a true demon lord.

Unconscious, she fought with Guy.

That battle continued for seven days and seven nights, transforming the bountiful lands in the west into a wasteland.

Eventually, the battle concluded.

Milim regained her consciousness and the battle ended.

The one who returned her sanity was none other than Ramiris.

In the process, the ruler of spirits Ramiris absorbed the evil magic of demons and the powerful aura of dragons and began to change.

But, she was able to stop Milim’s rampage.

And the three settled this dispute.

These three were the first demon lords.

The decided that each of the three would be different than the other two.

One would pursue the ultimate power.

One would live as one pleased.

One would judge the world.

And that was fine.

Because their objectives were different, they could recognize each other.

Later, the protectors of Heaven’s Gates the Giant, the ancient Vampire, and the being who fell from heaven itself increased their numbers to six.

They were the second generation.

Demon Lords inferior to the oldest.

The Giant, due to holy power ingrained in his body, rejected the Demon Lord Seed.

But, he had unbelievable power and was an amusing guy.

Due to the many wars the demon lords started to eliminate the giants and the fairies, he awakened as a true demon lord.

Even so, he has yet to acquire an Ultimate Skill–that Guy and Milim possess.

But, he did see the chance for such awakening for the Vampire and the Fallen Angel.

It was a matter of time. And Guy patiently waited for it.

And, Clayman.

That fool thought he could control Milim.

It’s so impossible that it’s hilarious.

There’s no way an insect like Clayman could do something that Guy never managed to do.

Those who possess an ultimate skill are not affected by lower abilities.

Every rule of the world is ultimately reduced to this unique level.

In other words, they will not be affected by any form of magic–highest or not.

And since ultimate skills do not require an incantation, merely wishing for something can produce results.

A series of attacks of certain affinity could have an effect, though.

Spiritual Attacks, however, are completely meaningless.

A soul weak enough to be affected by such an attack could never acquire an ultimate skill.

So to counter an ultimate skill you need another ultimate skill.

Therefore, Clayman can do nothing to Milim.

So right now, he’s dancing in the palm of her hand.

What a fool.

Thus with a smirk, Guy was awaiting the conclusion.

What a fun banquet this could become, he thought.

＊　＊　＊

Clayman proudly began his explanation.

So, according to human informants, I have killed Demon Lord Karion.

Though to me, it’s more of a: who the hell is Karion?!

I know that he’s something akin to a father to Grucius, but I had never met him.

Oh and Clayman’s explanation is dragging on forever.

Though I don’t need to sleep, I feel sleepy. Could this be a spiritual attack?

In a word… annoying.

Can’t he cut me some slack here.

「Umm… can I ask a question?」

When I asked, he looked over irritated and,

「What?」

He asked.

「Nah, just… do demon lords fancy these kinds of pointless conversations?

I mean… aren’t we more into… Power Rules and Talk with Our Fists type of thing?」

I said, provokingly.

At this line, a silver haired girl began to laugh.

She had looked at me with anger until now, so was I able to diminish it a bit?

Oh, and when she laughs, she looks very cute.

「Clayman, it’s as he says.

Your speech is tiresome. State your point」

The girl told Clayman.

Upon hearing these words, Clayman turned red in anger.

He’s that simple? Or that much of a small fry?

Though if this is an act, then he’s truly impressive

「Ku… don’t underestimate me, you lowly slime!」

「Eh? Is there something wrong with me being a slime?

You know, I came over here not to listen to your shitty speech.

Oh, and what were you trying to achieve by hitting Milim?

I put up with it in the beginning of the conference, but isn’t it about time?

Just say what you want to say; those will be your last words, anyways.」

His face convulsed upon hearing my words.

Rather than anger, I saw an ominous black aura float around him.

As expected of a demon lord. It is intimidating. A tiny bit.

And at that moment, the doll-like Milim, for a split second, looked as she wanted to fist pump me.

Nah, I probably just imagined it.

Seriously, how pitiful. I’ll free you soon, Milim.

I swore in my heart.

「Ku, everyone. Did you hear that?

This lowest of all beings acquired the Demon Lord Seed by chance and after becoming a demon lord, behold how haughty he has become.

Besides, they even began a war with the humans!

I do not believe we can leave this being as is. I propose we purge him, what are your thoughts about it?」

He waved his hands flamboyantly, trying to measure the demon lords’ response.

But.

「Hey, is taking control of one’s spirit during Walpurgis Banquet permitted?」

I said, kicking the table into the air.

The huge round table flew and crashed far behind him.

Creating an opening in the middle.

「Nay. At this place, overtaking your opponent with words alone is considered just」

A red haired demon lord – the most dangerous looking one of them all – responded.

Amused, he lightly laughed.

I glanced at Shion, who immediately launched a barrage of attacks at at Clayman.

Filling her fists with aura, she landed about thirty hits in a split second.

And with a truly refreshed face,

「Is this fine?」

She asked.

…

Seriously, girl, shouldn’t you ask that before you hit someone?

Besides, I only glanced at you for a second!

True, I did want you to shut Clayman up…

But I didn’t think you’d beat him up the very next moment.

Well, what’s done is done.

Besides, Wisdom King Raphael picked up the effect of some activity in play during his speech.

I bet he was trying to set things up to his own convenience, but that plan I foiled.

So when we shut Clayman up a second ago, that was a legitimate case of self-defense.

So if there’s demon lords who get mad at me and decide to fight me, then nothing can be done about that.

「Y-y-you… bastard!!!」

The ominous black aura released by Clayman quickly regenerated his wounds.

This ability far surpassed the one displayed by the Orc Lord.

Well, that much should be expected from a demon lord.

「Unforgivable…『Marionette Master』!」

Clayman cried out taking out five dolls from within his cloak.

Each doll transformed into a devil and attacked Shion.

Each a high ranking devil.

Chances are, that ability allows him to make dolls out of devils whose soul he stole.

Wisdom King Raphael was able to analyze that skill with just a glance, and so explained.

But, frankly… what of it? That’s what I want to say to him.

As expected, with her herculean strength and her beloved sword, she cut the devils down.

「Hahaha, aren’t you a little skilled! But, it’s no use.

Marionette Dolls can immediately regenerate and continue to attack!」

Clayman called out, while beginning his incantation.

Shion just shrugged in response.

And, the dolls did not move at all.

「N-no way… why aren’t they being reborn?」

Clayman cut the incantation short in a panic.

I really want to tell him that instead of saying such pointless things, he should have continued his chant.

「Yeeaaah. It’s a pain, so I’ll tell you.

Shion’s odachi is a soul eater.

Those dolls, of course, aren’t protected against attacks to their soul.

So since they were so poorly made, they fell from a single hit」

I explained as if it was the most natural thing in the world.

I mean, since he’s become my grub in the end, I’ll teach him whatever he wants to know.

There’s no reason to hide this much either.

「A sword that hits the soul as well!?」

「It’s not rare, right? The humans have these too?」

「R-ridiculous! That’s a treasure sword, isn’t it!」

「Hmph. I wouldn’t know. Cause we made it」

Shion’s odachi I improved using Hinata’s sword as a reference.

Though I did remove that foolish seven-hit feature. It eats the soul from a single strike.

As a result, though it’s not a certain-kill weapon, it does do both physical and spiritual damage.

So you need to be on your guard as otherwise you’ll be devoured.

And if you don’t protect yourself against physical attacks, you’ll end up a bloody mess.

「Huh. So this was “Hercules’ Edge Revised” huh!」

Did you yourself not know…

Haven’t I explained it on our way here? Ah, whatever… It’s Shion after all.

At that moment Clayman stood up.

He desperately completed his incantation and set off his spell.

「I’ll add that impudent swords woman to my collection.

Devour her, Demon Marionette!!!」

That ominous light attacked not me, but Shion.

And seeing this,

「Kukukukuku. Be glad, it’s the ultimate incantation that can even control a demon lord!

It’s shame to have someone like you as a devil, but whatever.

Surely you are sick of serving a lowly slime?

After all, for someone who had so much trouble killing a lowly Orc Lord, to die by their subordinate’s hand is a fitting end!

After you dispose of your master, I’ll make you my pawn」

He declared.

Pointless. For a second I did want to say『Oh no! I’m doomed!』to get him riled up a bit, but this is too annoying.

This guy… is too weak.

He’s someone who’d be taken out by Hinata in a moment.

No, rather than weak, maybe I’m just accustomed to seeing Benimaru, Souei, and other department members who are overly strong.

By magic energy alone, he’s weaker than Shion.

Besides… Shion has that skill『Perfect Memory』that preserves her memories even after death.

In other words, she can exist as a soul alone.

So Soul Control Archive abilities are completely ineffective. Moreover, spiritual attack damage is also largely ignored.

In other words,

「Yo, what kind of attack is this? I don’t feel pain or anything.

How long are you planning to keep me waiting?」

I could hear Shion’s slightly irritated voice coming from the darkness.

Raphael had analyzed the effect and predicted that Shion would be unaffected; seems like he was correct.

So even though he introduced this as some grand secret technique, this is all it amounted to.

「T-this cannot be!!!

A skill that even put Milim–demon lord Milim under my control cannot possibly have no effect on someone like you!!!」

Shion blew away the aura.

Seeing this, Clayman fell into a state of panic. The match has been decided.

「Everyone, will you permit this one to continue her rampage?!

They are looking down on all the demon lords. We must punish them at once!

In fact, let’s remember the fate of poor Karion!」

His eyes bloodshot, he sought support from the other demon lords.

The moment I entered battle mode, a barrier was erected isolating the room.

Well, I had expected this much when I kicked the table away.

But what a troublesome guy he is.

The moment he realizes he can’t win he runs to get help from others.

Dagrule and Dino opened their mouths as if to say something.

They are probably trying to come to my defense. It’s a good thing I spoke to them earlier.

But at that moment,

「Hey, hey. Who said that I kicked the bucket?

And that’s the first time I’m meeting this monster named Rimuru?」

A low, elegant voice resounded.

From one of the subordinates of the winged woman who came in along with Clayman.

He was wearing a cool mask, so I couldn’t see his face…

But at that moment the mask fell off and a violent aura gushed forth.

Haa!!!

And transforming his clothing, before us appeared the Beast Demon Lord Karion.

Like my “Anti-demon Mask”, his held back his aura.

Had I paid attention I could have realized this ahead of time, but since I hadn’t met Karion before, I had no way to know.

Um, so… what does this mean?

「N-no way! Why are you alive!!!

…

If that…. You’ve betrayed me! Frey!!!」

His eyes bloodshot, he shot the accusation at the winged woman.

By the looks of it, rather than betraying him…

「Ara? Since when had I become your ally?」

She nonchalantly replied.

Women are scary.

「D-d-don’t screw with me! You wretch!!!

Whatever. I got it. No forgiveness for any of you」

Clayman quickly regained his composure.

Does he have a trick up his sleeve?

With a smirk on his face, Clayman loudly declared

「Milim, slaughter everyone here!!!」

The air tensed in the room, and everyone’s expressions froze.

Most, like I, were in the middle of calmly preparing ourselves.

And we all looked at Milim.

His trump card.

I was sure Milim was being controlled.

And I guess she was…

Well, this is certainly bad. Clayman is an insect at most, but Milim is dangerous.

Even now, my chances are not so good. Even so, I want to save her.

No, I will save her!

I will release…

The moment I thought so,

「Why should I do such a thing? Rimuru is a friend you now?」

Milim replied without a care.

Ummm, eh? What???

I wasn’t the only one confused.

The demon lords as well had a face that said: “Eh? But she just took a hit from him a second ago!”

What does this mean?

Without any care for our confusion,

「Hey, Frey! Did you take care of that thing for me?」

「Yes, yes, this, right?

But seriously… trying to fist pump people, grinning like an idiot…

You can’t act at all. Well, I guess I should praise you for allowing those attacks.」

「That was natural. Rimuru getting angry for my sake made me really happy.

And if we weakened Clayman’s resolve a bit more, the truth would come out by itself!」

While thus talking, Frey took something out from her bag and handed it to Milim.

The dragon knuckles that I gifted her.

Happily taking the knuckles, she immediately put them on. And a wide smile appeared on her face.

「I had wanted to get a bit angrier, but this is fine. I hope you’ve said your prayers, Clayman!」

She said, shooting a glance at him.

So, in other words… they performed this script?

The other demon lords have by now started to catch up to the event.

As I thought.

I thought.

That’s just how it is.

I thought I heard a voice say within me.

But,

「W-wait a second, Milim. Y-you weren’t being controlled by him?

So you tortured me on a whim?

And you blew away that holy mountain on your own free will?」

Demon Lord Karion asked, with a vein popping on his head.

「Hmm? Don’t sweat the small details!

Come on, Clayman has been cornered. Let’s have him spill the beans!」

「What small details! If you handled that poorly we’d all be dead!

But whatever. Not like you’re listening anyways~」

For some reason, I felt some pity.

Seeing a crying Karion made me want to pet him.

Everyone is quiet, probably deep in thought.

Well, Grucius is happy, so I’m glad he’s alive.

By the way…

Milim played the part of a marionette to foil Clayman’s plans.

Why did she do that? I thought for a second, but decided that Clayman comes first.

We can solve that problem after we deal with him.

The event is spiraling towards a conclusion.

Only finishing touches left now.





Chapter 82: Equality in Death


[TL NOTE: Warning - There are depictions of cruelty and violence this chapter. Read at your own will.]

Clayman found the situation unfathomable, his eyes became bloodshot.

His gaze swiftly alternated between Millim and us.

And, when he turned his gaze onto the other Demon Lords, He became petrified.

It seemed he had realized, that he had confessed about controlling Milim.

Though it’s just an act of Milim. The tables had turned, it was Clayman who was actually being manipulated.

Clayman became flustered and began to slowly back away.

「Preposterous...Demon Marionette should have been succeeded completely!

Why are you not under the control of the Incantation? This can’t be happening!」

He blurted out bewildered muttering.

The situation was untenable.

The cat was already out of the bag. He could no longer make any excuses. There is only one way left for him.

The Demon Lords already knew Clayman had tried to manipulate Milim. How each Demon Lord would interpret this varied.

However, the verdict for the perpetrator of such heinous actions had already been decided.

Although there was a non-aggression pact between the Demon Lords, it didn’t encompass instigating a fight.

In the end, Clayman had lost his trustworthiness.

His demise was imminent. How pitiful.

But, the other Demon Lords did not get a chance to give Clayman a complementary one-way ticket to the deepest recesses of oblivion.

「Yea, It was quite hard acting!

You know, the magic you used was completely ineffective.

For the magic to even begin to take effect, I had to lower the multiple barriers that perpetually surround my body.

Then I needed to forcibly lower my resistances to your magic.

Then I needed to act perfectly to make you believe I was under your incantation.

You are cautious, so, I had to make you feel like you had absolute control over me.

Just like that! I tried my best to fool you, you know?」

「Wh...What the...? It was an act? I… It was a deliberate act?

The Demon Marionette should have dominated everyone, even a Demon Lord!

This is an Ultimate Incantation!!!」

「Is that so? But, it was impossible to dominate me you know.

You see, my specialty is to dispel things like this!」

Milim proudly proclaimed, while puffing out her chest.

The other females in the room could only glare at her and sigh.

「However, I began to worry when Clayman hit Milim before.

I had no worry in the successfulness of Millm’s plan. However, I was worrying my house would be left in rubble.

Really, I’m glad you could endure it.」(ED: the definition of scum is literally a picture of Clayturd’s face when you look it up the dictionary)

The Harpy, Demon Lord Frey, spoke while spreading out her wings.

Not only hitting her this time, he had also hit her before? (Ed: really scum.)

What a guy. Does he have a death wish?

「Ummm… I’m also an adult. Adults can endure these sorts of things.」

Although there was an emphasis on her being an adult, she still held the aura of being a child.

「Which part? Well, it’s fine.

At any rate, why did you try to fool Clayman?」

「Mmmm..? You know, I remembered that Clayman was making some highly suspicious propositions.

Like his plan to attack Tempest City with a human army to make humans and monsters go to war.

Because interesting things would’ve been lost if this were to occur, I decided to put an end to his conspiracy!」

「Really? You… just did it by yourself....」

「Fuwahahahaha! Like I said, I’m an adult!」

「Yes, yes, You are an adult.

But, Clayman, You! You arrogant fool.

I don’t think you have the qualification to call yourself a Demon Lord.

Even though I didn’t interfere, because Milim had to endure serving under you... I’m also a little angry.」

Frey said in tranquil fury.

「So that’s it… I also have a lot to say, my town also got vaporized.

So, Clayman, I’m going to get you!」

Demon Lord Karion declared, while splendidly dumping Milim’s responsibility on Clayman.

It seems like Clayman provoked anger from the other Demon Lords.

However, the most infuriated individual was myself.

To Milim, who was doing her best for me and the other’s sake, I was really happy.

She even got hit by that low-life....(ED: scum… just scum.)

It’s decided, your chance to die in peace is gone. Prepare to be purged and beg for your death.

「I ask for your forgiveness. But this guy is my opponent. Because I call myself a Demon Lord, I will prepare my seat by myself.

I will use this person as a ticket for all of you to recognize my admission for being a Demon Lord.」

I exclaimed, as if Clayman were just a tool to achieve my goals, so it can’t be helped.

Well… My real intention was to check how strong I am.

Only Milim smiled happily.

Even if I didn’t say it, my anger was transmitted to the others.

Clayman, have you regained your composure while hearing our conversation?

「Kukuku. Is that so? Just like that? It brings tear to my eyes, to spy for your friend’s sake.

Wahahahahahahaha. This is truly a joyous occasion.

That feared tyrant Milim, is now a gopher for someone else?

Why should I be afraid of this person? What a joke.

That’s fine. Although it is a bit early, allow me to use my trump card!」

So he said, while taking out a jewel of various colors from his pocket.

I feel spirit power from that jewel… that level of energy is equal to around 10,000 human souls....

✦✧✦✧✦

Flash!

Upon the light beginning to dim, the person who stood there had been transformed into a being that’s very different from before.

The hair of the being emanated spiritual energy; a trail of dazzling multicolored light was left in its wake. The length of the hair had also greatly increased.

All The clothes on his upper body were torn in multiple places revealing colossal amounts of muscle lying beneath it.

His eyes were tinged with a rainbow hue as he glared around the room.

That being emitted holy power on a level that could rival the Giant Demon Lord Dagruel.

Clayman forced an artificial Demon Lord evolution using that stone as a catalyst.

By absorbing energy from the Spirit Jewel; he forcibly awakened himself as a Demon Lord.

However, because the used energy attribute was different from his own, he evolved into an uncompleted state, a Variant Demon Lord.

But, because he didn’t need to wait the blessing of the harvest festival to occur, he would be able Utilize his full power immediately.

(POV change to Clayman)

The body, that was just undergone evolution, was still weak.

But my Unique Skill 『Puppeteer』, show signs of evolving after receiving the energy; a truly devastating power.

Indeed, by gaining this power, I no longer feel inferior to that being over there.

No, I understand.

I am not a True Demon Lord, after all, this is only an imitation of it.

This is power!

This is an awakening!

And, this is the strength of a Demon Lord!

In response to the energy ball that I shot as a test, Demon Lord Karion is thrown to the back.

Frey is the same. To defend against that, it was impossible.

Just like what I expected, Milim didn’t even flinch. What an annoying brat.

But, it’s still difficult to win against them even if I was awakened a long time ago.

The Demon Lords who survived through at least three Great War.

Apart from that cheeky fairy; Guy, Milim and Dagruel are particularly troublesome.

I can handle the newcomer Demon Lords but these three people are bad news.

As usual, I can always calmly judge the situation.

By blowing away 2 Demon Lords, I can quickly confirm the situation.

It’s irritating that the slime and his companion in the back are safe, but first, I need to withdraw to reorganize.

If it’s necessary, I’ll crush them one by one.

I need to report to ‘That Person’ who gave me this jewel, to consult about the plan for future actions.

In that case, the plan has been decided.

By firing Demon Lord Destruction Cannon (Demon Blaster) at maximum output, it’s possible touse it to create an opening for an escape.

The one who I should be wary of is Guy, but that person didn’t show any interest in this matter.

It’s all right. It’s possible to escape. That’s the judgment I made.

While thinking about these things, I released the Demon Blaster.

It was a destructive power that could eradicate even a Demon Lord. The accumulated energy became a disruption ray, which can cause destruction of one’s magic power array inside the victim’s body.

Physical defense would be useless, even a barrier that utilizes magic power would be destroyed against this ultimate magic attack.

If concentrated against an individual, someone who can withstand this doesn’t exist.

This time, because I fire it for a wide area, there might be some survivor but there is no time for leisure.

I laughed at the power of the Demon Lord Destruction Cannon (Demon Blaster) I fired which drastically powered up more than I ever imagined by the evolution.

The Demon Blaster filled the surroundings with light, dyeing the vicinity with rainbow.....✦✧✦✧✦

When the flash calms down, Clayman was flustered with a dumbfounded expression on his face, did he finally realized that the jewel in his hand had been stolen?(ED: alt tl:When the flash calms down, Clayman was flustered with a dumbfounded expression on his face, did he finally realized that the jewel that I hold in my hand is the one I stole from him?)

It seems, I was right in believing the simulated scene displayed by Raphael’s future prediction.

Using thought transmission to display the scene directly into the mind, it could depictthe scene that’s convincingly real.

I looked at the Jewel in my hand, and then secretly put it to my pocket. (ED: 懐にしまい込む。 Can also meant put it into the bosom or pocket, which I assume by bosom meant he absorbed it to his body)

I’m not stealing.

Because Clayman was raising his hand when he invoked the Jewel, I instantly ate his raised hand.

Surely, I obtained a nice item. This might be very useful for research later.

If Clayman managed to use this Jewel, then the outcome would be just like what Raphael’s future prediction had shown.

Short of completely crush him, the other way to break his spirit is by sealing his trump card.

So there is no way that I stole the jewel because I desired to possess it, but because of other reasoning.

To begin with, Clayman was underestimating me.

Thought acceleration can increase perception by 1 million times, it will be as if time have stood still, but at the same time it’s still possible to invoke magic in the mind.

In other word, even if the magic need a long time to invoke it, I’ll still be able to set multiple spell simultaneously.

In this state, it was stupid to let the enemy evolve.

However, if that happens it would probably become a mess........

The Demon Lords had recovered from the flash bang that I shot beforehand.

Because I don’t want to show my own card too much, I trick them by using light. However, it seems to me that it might have been seen by several people.

It can’t be helped. The opponent is way too strong. (ED: can be read as ‘too high leveled’)

As much as possible I don’t want to reveal my cards in battle, but I can’t prevent it from being predicted by a bit.

If Wisdom Lord Raphael can do it, then I need to think that the opponent can also do it.

I can’t find a clear solution for this; more or less it can’t be helped, so I call out to Clayman.

「Oi, if you want to use your trump card, do it quickly. I’ll wait for you.

Don’t tell me, your plan was to escape using that light just now?」

I started to corner him.

I’m a bad person. Oh well, I’m not a person but Slime, you had problem with it?

「Wh, What? What just happened.....?」

Clayman can’t hide his trembling.

His trump card was stolen instantly, so it seems he couldn’t grasp the current situation.

So, what you going to do next? You had already been checkmated.

The future of the person with your level of ability that hostile towards me has been decided.

It’s really important to ascertain my ability with the opponent ability.

For me now, I need to thrash this scum while deceiving the eyes of the other Demon Lords.

Time is limited, so let’s quickly finish this.

「Say Clayman, Do you know the fate that befall the king of Falmas Kingdom that you incite before?

Your specialty was collecting information right? Have you receive the report of it from your subordinate?」

Breaking his spirit.

Only by that, my victory conditions would be achieved.

In order to break his spirit, the best way is fear.

Or rather, my mindset gradually turned into the likes of villain, was it because I’m a monster?

Was it because I turned to a Demon Lord? .........Well, whichever is fine.

Clayman turned his eyes to me after hearing my words.

Apparently, he had not received any report yet.

King Edomalis of Falmas Kingdom.

That guy was still alive.

Before I came here, I had put him back on the throne of Falmas Kingdom.

His mind was supported with my skill, so he won’t go mad.

I had prepared a large amount of trial restorative medicine so that he won’t die when he was tortured.

I inflict the maximum amount of pain but not enough to make him go mad. His arm and leg that was torn off would grow again, and the cycle repeats.

That torn off arm and leg would be used in Shion’s cooking, and then it would be fed to the king.

He was then released from being a prisoner after 7 days, this was performed after Shion’s revival.

He was only released after the resentment of being killed had sufficiently calmed down.

Now, about the King’s situation.

His spirit had been broken, so if he opposed me I can kill him anytime.

But, if after all of that he still dared to oppose me, I’ll take my hat off to him. (ED: http://idioms.thefreedictionary.com/I+take+my+hat+off+to)

In any case, until Youmu's rule was established, I don’t have any option except for him to be nothing more than an obedient puppet king.

Then, if the manipulated king itself tasted hell, doesn’t that mean that the one who manipulated him should receive an even more gruesome suffering?

「Shion, I will stop this guy. So, I’ll lend him to you for a moment after that.」

「From a while ago what are you saying!?What about that Human King?

Furthermore, to send your subordinate as my opponent? You coward, my opponent is ......」

「Annoying. Shut up worm!」

By my order, Clayman’s blabbering stopped.

Although he tried to articulate, the words didn’t come out contrary to Clayman’s intention.

That was only natural.

That was because, my new ability, Unique Skill 『Puppeteer』, it was impossible for Clayman to utter any word.

Well, even if don’t know whether or not I can use it, I still stole the ability.

As expected, Clayman noticed that his ability has been stolen and become frantic.

However, he can’t produce any voice.

This is to make him speak the mastermind behind this whole incident, but before that......

「Shion, I will let you hit him, but only for three seconds.」

She’s just like a starving dog that had been told, ‘Wait!’ and then she beat Clayman with all of her strength for 3 second.

Probably, a rain of more than 100 fists poured down and storms Clayman.

The 3 second beating had finished and Clayman’s super recovery was started to kick in to heal his condition.

However, was there anyone who capable to imagine the horrors that Clayman subjected to?

What I gave to Clayman was not something that can be talked over.

I prevent him from going mad by strengthening his spirit while at the same time I accelerate his perception and sensory by 1 million times using thought acceleration skill.

My ability is not only limited to me, by bestowing it to another person, it was possible for them to be influenced by it.

Under the influence of Wisdom Lord Raphael, Clayman’s perception of time has been stretched for him, so he will be assailed by fear and agony of being pummeled for several 10 days.(TL: To imagine it, please think it as Rimuru’s version of Mangekyou Sharingan)

Knowing Shion and this scum, my intention was to instantly put 『Terror』 by cladding him with punches.

This was, not only the body, but also inflicts damage to his spirit.

By preventing Clayman’s mind from going crazy then the pain, the agony and the terror would be accumulated but without any means to escape.

So, with those feelings that had nowhere to go, fear shall be engraved upon his soul.

When three seconds had passed, Clayman’s hair turned into pure white, his appearance was just like a corpse.

His body was an Undead, if it was not about destroying his mind (spirit) then it will be useless.

Already, his condition was not able to raise any defiance against me.

「Well then, Clayman. If you obediently talk, I will kill you. If you don’t talk, I will let you play with Shion once more.」

Did he understand my word?

「Talk, I’ll talk! I’ll say everything, Please forgive me. Ple, please kill me!!!」

His voice became stiff.

Did I succeeded in breaking his mind?

「Then, I will ask. What’s the name of the mastermind that’s pulling the string?」

Looking at me for awhile with his dull eyes, he began to show hesitation...

When I stare back with a bloodshot eyes,

「Say! I’ll say it, please wait!」(ED: In case someone wondering, the previous one is 喋, while this line is 言.)

He starts to raise his voice in panic.

And,

「My master, that person’s name, Kazaream. “Sorcery King (Curse Lord)” Kazaream.

Though he was slain by Leon there, to revive his spiritual body, there is a need to gather power.

Also, I can become a Demon Lord because of that person’s greatness.......」

Fumu.

Who is that?

What about the reaction of the other Demon Lords? There was only a slight of it.

Leon become Demon Lord was a story from 200 years ago, It seems he turned Clayman into a demon lord, furthermore, he also tried to increase the number of his comrades, is that it?

「Ah! I remember.

If you become my comrade then I will turn you into Demon Lord! And other self-important talk.

He was noisy, so I killed him immediately..... Why would I want a comrade like that?」

Leon muttered nonchalantly.

Leon... What a frightening child. The guy who wouldn’t want to hear the other person’s words is here.

Oh well, it then become all clear. Since the older days, augmenting their own power and influence was a solid precept.

「Then, what is the purpose? What did you planned by attacking Tempest?」

「The purpose is, to transform me into a Demon Lord. Spirit jewel is the trump card, but after the effective time has passed, the power will disappear.

So, it’s only for helping me turn into Demon Lord.」

I see.

By generating strife, a large quantity of ‘Death’ will spread. As a result, It will prompt his awakening, huh?

But, that bastard Kazaream, I still don’t know much about his character.

If he wanted to revive his Spiritual Body, is it by using possession?

If he was in the domain of the Demon Lords, his existence will be immediately found out. But there is no one who noticed his presence, then it could be said that he was not hiding in the Demon Lord’s Domain.

Did he take form as a human? Or, possibly, did he possess a human?

「You, since when did you serve under him?」

「That was.......

I receive the title of Demon Lord about 400 years ago, but before that I was Kazaream-sama’s aide.

Even after becoming a Demon Lord, I still moved following That Person instruction.

After defeated by Leon, I hadn’t received any words from him for about 100 years, but several decades ago he abruptly contacted me.

Since then, I have moved according to “That Person” will.」

「That person, did he had any subordinates now?」

「No.... His subordinates are few. Including me, there were only several others. But his information gathering ability is frightening.

The trend in human cities is from that person. While information about Demon Lords, comes from me.

Even the information about the Eastern Power, it can be said that he had grasped all intelligence of the world.」

「I see. I Understand.」

Several decades ago, huh?

It feels like something is connected.

What I had thought, and with the real fact.

From there, by using Wisdom Lord Raphael calculation, we can derive an estimation.

The conclusion was still pending. However, estimation seems uncertain.

But it means that this case = closed...... The mastermind’s purpose, is it really only to turn Clayman into True Demon Lord?

Whatever.

I had heard everything that I wanted to hear. The next thing to do, let’s do it softly...... (ED: I think the last part can also be translated as “Let’s put him at ease”)

「I will tell you only once. You won’t be able to revive, you know?」

So, I told Clayman.

If he can revive then it’s not good.

For a moment it seems that Clayman still don’t understand.

However, his face immediately turned pale.

「What? What are you talking about?」

He tried to dodge the question desperately.

I had no doubt that this person has been speaking honestly, but that’s also a part of his plan.

After I grant death to him, he will detach his astral body and then planned to revive himself.

But too bad, Wisdom Lord Raphael had predicted that move.

To be frank, in front of me such trick will be all revealed.

Clayman judged that he can’t win against me, so he chose to avoid tasting the agony.

Because he talked too honestly, I had some doubt on it.

The things he talked about was a fact.

However, he had prepared himself to revive after he died, he doesn’t want to taste agony anymore.

This guy really is underhanded.

But in a sense, his persistency to go and report to his master is worthy of praise.

「Well, because we already heard what want to be heard, what’s left is Clayman’s execution.

Are there any objection? If there are, then you are also my opponent.」

I ignored the clamoring Clayman, and observed the response from the other Demon Lords.

「Do as you like.」

The Red hair, Guy replied as the representative.

There seems to be no objection.

「Stop! Oi, Stop!!!」

Noisy Clayman.

「As I promised, I will grant you a quick death. Says your prayers.」

And as I said that, I put my hand on Clayman’s head.

「No! Oi, stop it!!! Oi!! Please stoppp!!!

He, Help me! Kazaream-samaaa!!!」

No matter how much you tried to make any noise, it won’t reach my conscience.

If you let such guy live, it will became a seed of disaster again.

Beside, thanks to you, the naivety inside me had died.

Never again, will I lose my companions because of my naivety.

「Die!」

The sound of Clayman who was resisting shamefully, vanished from the spot instantly.

By using Gluttonous King Beelzebub, Even the soul would be consumed completely.

Then, it would be converted into power inside me.

Sullied soul, wicked soul, even if it was a good-natured soul.

All were equal in death, the soul disintegrated inside me, and then converted into pure magical power.

Thus, I granted Clayman just like what I promised. A quick “Death”.

----------------------------------------------------------------

TL: about the part when Clayturd saying about several decades ago (十数年前) can also be translated as about decades ago/some decades ago, not specific. This is a foreshadowing from the Author.





Chapter 83: Eight-star demon lords


The red haired demon lord stood up right after I devoured Clayman.

「Excellent, then from today onwards you will be acknowledged and known as a demon lord. Is there anyone who oppose of this? 」

Naturally, there were no objections as apparently, I had already been accepted as a demon lord long before this.

I was relieved. To be honest, when I antagonized another demon lord and had a quarrel I thought I would be a goner; It was a suicidal act!

「I believed that Rimuru was a guy that could get things done when needed to! If you like, I could allow you to be my follower. 」

「Ah, I’m good. Go find someone else to follow you.」

「What’s with that!! What’s wrong with following me?!!」

Begged Ramiris.

On the other hand,

「Fufun! You want to get along with Rimuru because he’s my friend right? 」

「Eh!? Lies! *Chokes*! Rimuru it’s a lie right? 」

「Wahahahaha! You’re so unpopular Ramiris! 」

「What was that ー?! Hiya! 」

Saying those words Ramiris performed a splendid flying kick towards Milim’s face but Milim deftly avoided it.

I stared at the two, amazed.

「Fun. I don’t want to admit, but there’s no other way. This mistress will not forget her grudge against the evil dragon over there.

But oh well, I’ll admit it today. If you survive the next Great War, I’ll play with you! 」

That’s what Ruminas said.

Since I was glared at with blood-thirsty eyes, I thought this bishojo was going to be a tough one, but it seems like everything’s fine.

「We approve of this, don’t we Old man (Dagruel)? 」

「Umu, yes we do indeed. I have nothing to oppose of this.」

TN Note: it’s like “hm…”, but Japanese variant.

Dino and Dagruel have also given their approval.

The issue the two talked about must be something major. It seemed that they were trying to protect me a while ago, they’re good guys.

「Fu, I have no interest in regards to who being a demon lord or whatever. Do as you like. 」

Leon said that, cold as usual.

Now then, there’s two individuals left.

Thinking of this, I stared at Frey and Karion. Frey noticed my gaze and stared back at me as if she were sizing me up.

「Is it fine? We’re in the middle of the feast, and I’d like to make a request rather than a suggestion but is it ok? 」

And such words were spoken.

Ruminas’ butler had set the round table I kicked back in its original position.

There was a large piece of table that broke, but I didn’t look at it. If you pay attention to it you lose.

It seems compensating for this round table is going to be pricy… I’m sorry.

The demon lords sat around the round table.

During the meeting, two maids came in to prepare tea.

Frey began to talk after everyone had calmed down.

「First of all, there are no objections to accept the slime(Rimuru) as a demon lord.

My proposal is another matter differing from the topic.

…no, it’s not necessarily irrelevant.

After watching the battle earlier, I was convinced-As a demon lord, I am too weak.

Even when I was fighting Clayman, we’re just neck to neck.

If it were an aerial battle, I would have the advantage…but this isn’t an excuse for a demon lord.

I have decided to become a subordinate of Milim.

Milim is also very dangerous, not someone that should be left alone.

I may be inferior as a demon lord, however my abilities in combat are decent.

What do you think, will you accept my proposal? 」

Saying this, Frey alternate gazes at Milim and Guy.

It’s not about her being weak…

Rather, Clayman is the impulsive type, like a tactician. To think Frey would rely on tactics made them have a weird feeling in their gut.

Well, I wonder is it because she’s the scary female type that makes this even weirder.

Just before Milim was able to respond to the proposal,

“Wait a second. If that’s the case, there are things I want to say as well.

I too, had lost to Mirim due to my inflated ego.

I intended to step down as the general.

What if there is an emergency, or maybe the Hero appears? Giving this loser the name of a demon lord is presumptuous isn’t it?

That is why, starting from today I will be the subordinate of Milim.

Pleased to meet you, General Milim!”

At the moment, they don’t even bother to check the other party’s intentions.

Milim doesn’t have any subordinates in the first place. That’s why, there isn’t anything stopping Milim getting subordinates…

This then makes me wonder, what will happen to the subordinates of the two Demon Lords?

「Wait a minute, Karion! It was Claytard who was bad due to his negligence!

I was controlled by him so I know about such things! 」

That’s probably unreasonable.

While that excuse still wasn’t accepted, I thought about Milim.

The other demon lords have a surprised look on their face in response to that recklessness.

「You bastards, don’t feign ignorance and lecture others. A little while ago you were,

『It’s probably impossible for him to dominate me』

『I’m good at breaking free from such things. 』

Or something like that isn’t it right? 」

A good imitation of Milim’s voice was used to re-deliver her lines.

Guy is surprisingly skillful.

「No! That, about that……」

「Well, it doesn’t matter what happens to that muscle brain idiot over there, you’re fine right Milim? 」

「To, to have the audacity to say such a thing! When it comes to subordinates and servants, can you not speak to me so casually? Didn’t we pull off the trick together as well!? 」

Hearing Milim’s words, his head shook,

「No, if you want to, we can work together. After all, wouldn’t it be more fun together? 」

Thus, an instigation began.

As you can see, this is a place where you can’t afford to be careless.

Well, Karion being Karion,

「Don’t worry about it, but you obliterated my country!

You too, have the obligation to take care of us! 」

Smoke began to rise from Milim as she tries to comprehend the difficult words.

He’s more of a schemer than I though.

Milim who could no longer comprehend the meaning is now inches away from losing consciousness.

Finally,

「Eeeeiii!!! Whatever! Do as you like! 」

The smoke that came out of her head was akin to a volcanic eruption, and she stopped thinking.

As expected of Milim

She looks clever, but she’s no good at thinking.

「Hahaha. All right! Then today onwards, Karion and Frey are no longer demon lords.

You should have served Milim from the beginning」

Guy declares so with a laugh.

Nobody present voiced an objection. Naturally, I too, have no objection.

Thus, my Ascension as a demon lord has formally been approved.

At the same time the three demon lords were expelled, one was given eternal death, and the other two are now direct subordinates of Milim.

The Ten Great Demon Lords is currently down to The Eight Great Demon Lords.

「I see, it’s not the Ten Great Demon Lords anymore.」

In response to my murmuring, the demon lords reacted jumpily.

「Disturbing huh. For the sake of our dignity, we must think of a new name」

Dagruel had brought up such an issue.

Eh? Is this such an important issue?

「Fortunately, we’re in the middle of the Walpurgis Banquet. All the demon lords are gathered here, so there is an abundance of wisdom floating about. 」

Ruminas made a serious Aizuchi.

TN Note: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aizuchi

Oyoy, it doesn’t matter our name is.

Besides, the humans already named us without our permission in the first place.

「Didn’t the previous “Ten Great Demon Lords” took about 3 months to decide? I’m already burned out. I don’t have any more energy to think~」

No no. You probably didn’t think even before you burned out.

I’ve been thinking hard up till now! That’s not what it looks like.

Or rather, why did it take 3 months to think up such a name!

Or rather, what I really want to say is…demon lords seem to have a lot of free time……

What I heard, is that during those 3 months the name “Ten Great Demon Lords” had already taken root amongst the humans.

In the end, it was decided to go with that name, but the needed assent weren’t obtained.

「Calm down you lot. Its times like these where we need to cooperate and get over it! 」

These are the words of Guy, and

「Eh? Eight Great……」

And, he silenced his surrounding with wordless, oppressive silence.

「That’s right. Now, it’s as Guy said! Give it your all everyone! 」

Ramiris restated this.

Apparently not all eight great demon lords were convinced.

And as if cooperation and coordination were meaningless,

「Wahahahaha! I’m leaving it all to you guys! 」

「I have no interest in this matter. I leave it to you.」

Immediately, a few people had already started to interfere with the already fragmented cooperation between demon lords.

As expected of demon lords.

I thought it would be impossible to cooperate in the first place, and it seems like it really is.

Furthermore, when the atmosphere was about to get even more awkward,

「Oh, if that’s the case, then this is the specialty of my friend Rimuru! 」

Behind my back Veldora had said such a thing when he began to get bored.

Tsk, and I thought he would be fine as long as he keeps reading manga when such an event occurs.

Reading the mood, he indifferently continues reading on his own.

However, there was someone who nodded in response to Veldora’s words.

「That reminds me, it was you who named my subordinate (butler)! 」

It’s Ramiris

“It’s not even your servant” is what I wanted to say, but now’s not the time for this.

But this person… I caught a glimpse of her intentions showing, only to disappear right after.

If you don’t insert the interlocking nails, it’ll soon be too late.

TN Note: Interlocking nails are iron rods stabbed into bones to straighten them.

Well, I don’t really mind…but it’s up to Baretta’s intentions.

Looking around, the demon lord’s expectation-filled gazes are now all focused on me.

Oh no… the encircling net has already been cast.

Winking to each other, Guy said,

「Today, Rimuru has been recognized as a new Demon Lord.

I think I would like to give you a wonderful privilege.

Yes! The privilege to give us a new name!

Receiving such a great honor, you will naturally accept it, will you not? 」

This is, a wheedling voice.

And I remained silent, neither accepting nor rejecting,

「And besides, you are the reason why our numbers decreased. Take responsibility and think of a name already! 」

Suddenly out came an intimidating tone.

This is going to be seriously troublesome.

Whatever. I give up too.

「I get it already. Goodness sake, don’t complain if you don’t like the name. 」

I replied thus.

The demon lords, now at ease with their face filled with smiles.

They relax while I substitute them in a tea ceremony. Completely leaving it to others.

TN Note: I think the tea ceremony is an idiom about leaving all the hard work to others.

Well then, this guy has high standing.

There are eight demon lords, Eight Great Demon Lords is probably fine, but I have a feeling this wouldn’t do.

Earlier, Ramiris think Eight Great Demon Lords is fine right? I was about to say it, but the intimidating glares from my surroundings made me forget all about it.

Rejected.

Now what…,

「What about “Eight-Star Demon lords”? Even though I associated it with an Octagram? 」

[ED: I tried to think of new names for them, and ended up with these:

Octostar Demon Lord,

Starry eight Demon Lord,

Eighth starred Demon Lord,

and my personal favourite, Octo-Dimensional star Demon Lord

None made it to the end.]

After I spoke, silence followed.

The Demon lords closed their eyes, and examined each word carefully.

After a while, everyone opened their eyes in unison, and,

「It’s decided. A splendid name」

「Don’t think you have won yet, a new era is upon us! 」

「I thought so! If it’s Rimiru I believed he/it/she can do it! 」

ED: Rimuru you damn hermaphrodite. Making my life so hard.

「As expected indeed! Bwahahaha!」

「Hmph, I’ll acknowledge this, just a little.」

「In an instant! Wow. The last one took three months! 」

「……」

There weren’t any objections.

That’s great.

Even if anyone objects, I’m going to make that person think of a name instead.

and besides, I just heard it. What have you lot been doing in those three months…

In this fashion…from today onwards, the feared demon lords will be known as the “Eight Star Demon Lords” (Octagram)

Eight Star Demon Lords.

Demon race… The “Lord of Darkness” Guy Crimson.

Dragonoid race… The “Tyrant of Destruction” Milim Nava.

Pixie race…The “Fairy of the labyrinth” Ramiris-chan.

Giant race… The “Continent’s Wrath” Dagruel.

Vampire… The “Queen of Nightmares” Ruminas Valentine.

Fallen race… The “Sleeping Ruler” Dino.

Humanoid Demon race… The “Blonde devil” Leon Cromwell.

And I,

Slime race… The “Newbie” Rimuru Tempest.

I want a cool “Second name” too.

To make my soul tremble in excitement, they’re wonderful guys.

Well, there’s someone inside who will think whatever.

With my recognition as a demon lord, the distribution of land was also carried out.

Currently, my territory consists of the entirety of the Great Jura Forest.

It was an unprecedented treatment.

Frey’s, Karion’s, as well as Clayman’s territory will be merged and be under the rule of Milim.

In the end, her rule is nominal.

Territory management will probably be left to Karion and Frey, as well as Milim’s people.

Because there are some drifters amongst the demon lords, hiding in their territory, so I don’t know the locations of all the rulers.

However, with the demon lord’s ring, it is possible to communicate with them.

I was also given one.

The Demon lord’s ring can not only be used for communication, but also summons a spatial magic gate.

Of course, they can freely visit this place……

And that’s about it, which means I can come here without needing them to exclusively come pick me up…?

No, I can’t think about this. I have a feeling I’m only going to feel tiresome if I ask this.

Thus, the series of events involving Clayman as the mastermind has come to a close, and I was recognized as the new demon lord.

Clayman’s master, the existence of this mastermind is worrisome, but at the moment the issues from the demon side are resolved.

Furthermore, I have officially stepped up to the position as the demon lord.

＊　＊　＊

Guy had a thin smile on his face as he observed the demon lords.

Now, the demon lords have received a new name as well as a slight increase in combat power.

Eight-star Demon Lords.

A symbol of the new demon lords, I think it’s a splendid name.

The distribution of forces is settled and everything has settled into a state of equilibrium.

In the Great War this time, it is certain that he has the advantage.

There’s no difference whether he wins or loses, but even so it is natural for him to desire winning.

While it lies in his degree of familiarity…

According to what Dino heard, the eastern empire is rapidly gathering forces.

The troops that was once destroyed by Veldora has begun to regroup and powerful beings are reborn once more.

And, we suspect that within the shadows of the eastern empire lies the presence of the “scorching dragon”, Velgurind.

If the empire starts making a move, the “dragon kind” may start getting active.

Things have become interesting.

The pieces have been scattered on the world as the stage, the war (game) for supremacy.

The challengers will give their all and participate in this fight.

A way to finally relieve this boredom after 500 years.

This time’s Great War is going to be something truly “great”.

My own ultimate skill, 『Prideful King Lucifer』.

Milim’s ultimate skill, 『Wrathful King Satan』

And,

The New demon lord Rimuru’s ultimate skill, 『Gluttonous King Beelzebub』is taken into consideration.

Three major powers with the strongest abilities, the ultimate skills, are prepared.

I don’t think I am the stronger one here, but I hope it’s a happy miscalculation.

In addition,

Within Dino, “Sloth”.

Within Ruminas, “Lust”.

The priority of awakening of the two’s ultimate ability is only placed in the back.

And, to enjoy things…

About Shion… She already has combat abilities on par with the demon lords, and further growth can be expected form her.

TN Note: Except she used her blessing on cooking. Maybe she can learn to cleanly slice up enemies into meat strips?

The bud of jealousy has sprouted.

Frey, Karion, and Shion.

I confirmed what dwelled in these three at the same time.

No one can predict where the wind will blow, but when they awaken it would be a joyous event.

Hopefully, I wouldn’t be drunk in jealously and collapse.

Jealousy is hard to control, for it feels like even after I awakened from my dream I still dwell in yet another dream.

Guy thought of the future, and indulged in the rapturous feeling of his imaginations for a while.





Illustrations





Credits





Translator: Clown / Guro





Epub: Estevam / dotNOVEL





