Tensei Shitara Slime Datta Ken




(転生したらスライムだった件)





Volume 06


Founding The Demon Capital Arc





Fuse


(伏瀬)





Story Description:





Mikami Satoru is a successful, 37 year old adult who has two problems: he has never had a girlfriend; and, while meeting his colleague on the street, Satoru got fatally stabbed. The result? He has reincarnated as a slime. Will that be his third misfortune or a blessing?





Original Story can be found here: Link





Chapter 98: Letter of Invitation


Templars, defeated!

Every country bordering the Jura Forest soon heard these news.

It was preposterous to think that they could have secretly invaded without being seen.

Moreover, countries that had relations with Tempest could hardly believe that their intelligence gathering teams were negligent.

Of course, Rimuru was aware that these countries were sending spies.

Which is why he had ordered a victory that produced the fewest casualties.

And country executives realized this fact.

After all, the fact that none of the knights were killed only proved their hypotheses.

For example, in the Dwarf Kingdom–military nation Dwargon.

The ministers gathered upon the Dwarf King’s request.

They were analyzing a recorded image, while scrutinizing every bit of data they could acquire. With every minister having access to the said information.

The data they had acquired disclosed the matters of the battle.

The results were rather surprising.

One hundred Knights Templar, believed to be the strongest among humans, planned an invasion of the country.

However, Demon Lord Rimuru had intercepted this plan, and his response left the knights completely defeated.

How truly terrifying the Demon Lord Rimuru’s information gathering skills are!

Certainly no less terrifying than his ability to strategize!

So murmured the Ministers.

However, was it as they said? The Dwarf King looked over the data, and his sight fell upon a bizarre pattern of movements displayed by the combatants.

Was this not supposed to devolve into a haphazard encounter between the forces?

Such a thought came to his mind. Actually, that’s the only possibility he could have imagined.

No matter how much anyone claimed that the altered terrain caused the knights to dance in the palm of Rimuru’s hand, it should have had no bearing on the actual combat.

If so, he was actually constantly staying aware of Hinata’s plans while modifying the strategy to sway the battle in his favor.

And as a result, by controlling every aspect of the battle, the knights were completely defeated.

Unfortunately, since the recording magic is rather limited, the dwarfs could only lament the lack of a comprehensive report.

That is, it could only produce a soundless spectacle of the battlefield.

Nor could it analyze the skills used; at most, it helped identify the winner.

Even so, the data they gathered is certainly of grave importance.

Thus he scrutinized it again.

Captain-class knights were seen moving in various directions with some plan in mind. The Tempest department heads intercepted resulting in combat.

The result was a total war across all fronts and a complete victory for Tempest.

Among these battles, it was noted that a single monster could overwhelm eight knights–much to the dwarfs’ surprise.

Considering that these knights were at least of captain class, it is best to assume that Monster Country Tempest easily surpasses the military might of Dwargon.

The ministers noisily grumbled about this, while King Gazelle Dwargo sighed in relief.

He was truly glad that Demon Lord Rimuru was an idealistic monster who sought friendship with the humans.

Had he been a monster who sought to destroy humanity, humans would have faced an unprecedented calamity.

(Besides, he’s growing too fast!)

Was Gazelle’s true thoughts.

He had thought Rimuru to be full of potential when they had first met, but he had never considered that he could progress this far.

Should he have destroyed him then? He could not come up with an answer.

For better or worse, this demon lord was interesting.

And, they currently have a cooperation pact and will be proceeding on friendly terms in the future.

Moreover, thanks to his “World Traveler” ideals, he has been developing some interesting contraptions.

Sparing no time nor effort, and aligning himself with no other “World Traveler”, perhaps such is the true strength of this demon lord.

His movements have thus produced some interesting results.

And the many skills and technologies developed thus the dwarfs are able to obtain without lifting a finger.

So Gazelle decided.

Even if the angels destroy him, the dwarfs will not allow the technology to be lost.

Of course, they will probably become more and more militaristic in the future… but Oh well!

How much joy the dwarfs felt from all the inventions that came from that country.

(At this point, we have no choice but to trust Demon Lord Rimuru!)

Besides, he had released all the knights unharmed this time.

This could be interpreted as seeking to coexist with the humans.

Had he intended to fight them, he could have massacred the knights. After all, who can complain that an invading force was destroyed?

And yet he had let them live. Completely unharmed.

This could also be interpreted to mean that he had the confidence that Knight Templar class soldiers are of no threat to him.

This is causing quite a division among the ministers: some calling him a danger, others rejecting that notion.

Both are probably correct.

But there’s only one decision.

Gazelle cleared his throat and thus got everyone’s attention.

The conference room was completely silent, with every gaze focused on the king.

「That demon lord seeks to coexist with humans, so, as much as possible, we will support him. That is the official position of military nation Dwargon!」

The dwarf king’s declaration reverberated through the hall.

The ministers bowed their heads and accepted their lord’s will.

Thus the policy was decided. The specific measures would now be drafted by excellent individuals.

Whether this was a right or wrong decision, he could not have known.

But, the Dwarf King had no regrets.

And then another report was brought to the king.

「Your Majesty, Rigurdo-dono has sent an announcement.

It seems that they are planning on holding an event to make known the ascension of a new demon lord and seek our presence.

Well, this might be a political farce, however. They are simply trying to appeal to countries they are friendly with.

Doesn’t seem like they actually expect our presence, so how should we respond?」

「Oh, about that! Bester also mentioned something!

Tempest, it seems, is planning on holding a tournament…

Probably a show to go along with the announcement.」

「What will we do? If we plan to attend, they have requested that we notify them in advance.

Speaking of,

There is limited number of seats, and the city is bound to be crowded that day, so they have asked to promptly answer them.」

Bester’s question was brought up along with this report.

The Dwarf King pondered for a second.

(Actually, what the hell is that stupid demon lord planning hosting a tournament now of all time…)

Completely unpredictable.

Hence amusing.

The Dwarf King struggled to keep a smile from surfacing.

He could not break his facade before the ministers.

(You bastard… making me suffer so… I like it!)

Stifling the joy with a hint of anger, he announced his decision.

「We will attend the ceremony and the tournament」

He said.

The Ministers had not at all expected such a response, but this was the decision of their king.

With the meeting decided, they quickly started to prepare for the journey.

＊　＊　＊

Sorcerer Dynasty Sarion, the Emperor’s Castle.

A beautiful garden full of rare life spread behind it.

Keeping up the garden provided numerous benefits for the dynasty to say nothing of income made from it.

In other words, it was the source of the dynasty’s pocket money.

The entire garden was maintained without a penny from the taxes.

Two beings relaxed inside this garden.

One was Duke Elalude.

Father of Adventurer Ellen, and one of the three leaders of this country.

And a being who was sitting across from him.

This being is the only one with a higher standing than Duke Elalude in the entire kingdom.

Empress Elumeshia Elure Sarion herself.

With a beautiful feminine face–well, she is a woman, after all–she has elf blood flowing through her veins and thus doesn’t age.

Asking the empress how old she is, is considered a taboo.

She has the body of a girl who has just reached adulthood. With skin as white as fresh snow.

Long pointed ears easily distinguish her from anyone else. The glance of her slanted, jade eyes pierce into the very soul of the person before her.

And, long pale blue silver hair falls gently over her cheeks.

Duke Elalude was once entranced by the beauty she embodied, but was able to regain his mind after considering his wife’s and daughter’s wrath.

And with a short prayer, he faced the Empress.

The one so gracefully sitting upon the cushion across from him,

「Your Majesty, regarding the monster country I have reported on previously, we have received an announcement.」

He said and taking out a letter from his breast pocket handed it to the Empress.

He checked that it was safe. As for its contents, he would rather not say them himself.

He knew all to well that the Empress hated to have people learn things before her.

But…

(Having become a demon lord is great and all, but why announce it?)

And here is the question.

The letter was addressed to Duke Elalude. Normally, there was no need to let the Empress know about it.

But… it read “Please let us know how many people will participate!”

And that means that any number of guests are invited.

So if he doesn’t let the Empress know and goes by himself, she’ll just get mad at him again. And he would rather that not happen.

After all…

When he left on a mission to free his daughter from the clutches of an evil demon lord, he received a stern scolding.

Here’s what she said.

「You bastard, how dare you leave your lord’s side! I can’t believe that such an interesting slime exists until I see it personally. Moreover, to witness a birth of a demon lord, which even I have never seen? I’m so jeal… Ummm, it’s ridiculous! To have missed such a wonderf… I mean, you don’t even know the danger you were facing! What a fool!」

And she became depressed.

Oh, and only Elalude ever saw Empress act like this.

She appears as a cold hearted individual to the other ministers, and is even feared as the Doll Empress.

Like a sheep in wolf’s clothing! Elalude always wants to retort.

So he perfectly understood how angry she would have been had he gone off by himself this time.

Moreover.

They even claimed to conduct a Tournament at this occasion.

If he left her behind, her anger would be unimaginable.

Currently, due to her sulking, he has yet to establish technological cooperation with that country.

So if her mood improves, maybe they’ll finally be able to finalize those details.

There’s another important point.

He had confirmed that Tempest had fought against the Templars recently.

He had worried about how they will fare against them, but, surprisingly, they didn’t just completely defeat them all, they also released every knight.

Basically claiming to have overwhelming confidence in themselves.

They could perhaps be countries that try to appear weak with only the leaders aware of the true strength.

But even so, to hold a tournament now of all times can only be interpreted as an event to flaunt their strength.

Well, since this allows Sarion to measure their strength, it is crucial that they participate.

But to bring the Empress to such an event would create a myriad problems…

And he was certain that he himself would have to solve all of them.

Empress Elumeshia returned the letter.

Elalude gulped in anticipation.

「Your Majesty, how shall we respond?」

He hesitantly asked.

With a wide smile on her face,

「How indeed…」

She was just putting on airs.

He could easily predict her next words but still waited for them.

And hearing an expected response, Duke Elalude would spend the next days without any sleep, busy with preparations.

＊　＊　＊

In the small country Brumund’s trading house, Myormiles was getting tired of the person talking to him.

As a merchant, he could tell a person’s personality with a single glance.

Those coming for money, those coming with a new business opportunity.

There’s also fallen nobles who come proposing dubious deals.

Among all these fools there maybe someone with a legitimate proposal.

So he can’t leave this job to anyone else.

While thinking this, he dismissed the swindler before him and called forth the new guest.

A handsome man entered.

But Myormiles would not be deceived.

This man too was a fallen noble who had once tried to sell some junk at high price using his name.

He probably came with another idea and is seeking money.

But, if anything, he is a noble. Myormiles verified this himself.

So rudeness towards a true noble could be fatal. Which makes this job all the harder.

“Another stupid idea is it,” he thought, and inquired the guest.

And he was right.

It really was rubbish.

In short, I’ll open a new store using my slaves, so give me money! He said.

Frankly, he can’t see this idea succeeding. A store needs a lot more than cute girls to be successful.

Research the market and the buyers, consider the location, and pay for the girls’ children.

Just because they are slaves does not mean they will work for free–they need food and shelter after all. There’s also initial costs to consider.

Opening a brothel also requires one to consider the chance for disease to spread.

If it does, not only the noble, but Myormiles himself would be indicted.

So this is not something he could accept.

「My, what a discerning eye you have, Kazak-sama.

But, regarding these female slaves, that would prove impossible, wouldn’t it.

Human slave trade has been forbidden and opening a store with illegal slaves would be…」

「Oh, about that… here’s the thing. All is solved when a noble pays the right people some money.

So, you know? Oh and this is a secret… but those slaves are elves」

He said in a haughty manner.

Myormiles got a heartburn just listening to Count Kazak, but stifled his displeasure.

As a merchant, he can’t show a customer displeasure. Even a novice merchant knows that.

So how should he refuse him…

And the moment he began to say something,

「Yo! How have you been, Myormiles-kun!」

The door burst open and in walked a person while greeting him.

A beautiful girl (boy?) with silver hair, golden eyes walked in.

Who can’t possible be here…

「Eh? Could it be, Rimuru-danna?」

A profoundly surprised voice escaped his lips.

Huh? Didn’t Rimuru-dana become a demon lord? So Fuze-sama had said…

And he is not wearing a mask? So he was this cute without it?!

These thoughts filling his head, he had completely forgot about Count Kazak.

And then he heard,

「Please wait! Master is currently with a guest!」

A panicking attendant attempted to stop him.

Chances are, he had missed Rimuru coming in and was too late in stopping him.

What a failure. But chances are, he wouldn’t have been able to stop him anyways.

So Myormiles could hardly get angry at the attendant.

「Ah, sorry. You were with a guest, huh. Well then, I’ll wait in your store!」

And flashing an insincere smile, Rimuru added『Pardon my rudeness… nah, my bad!』

And leaving everyone dumbfounded he left.

Afterwards, Myormiles ended the discussion with Count Kazak, and cleared his schedule for the rest of the day.

A great wave was beginning to move the world.

What was more important?

Myormiles was not a fool who could not understand that much.

He was certainly a person who could find ore within a stone.

But! There was something he could create even if he were to abandon everything.

A short acquaintanceship but large profit? That didn’t matter.

Most important was his obligation to consider the long term benefit of his business partners–fellow merchants.

He had intended to visit himself when things calmed down.

That is, he has heard that after becoming a demon lord Rimuru has gone off to attend Walpurgis Banquet.

So he could hardly take any action until he was sure of the changes.

And yet the person himself had visited as if nothing had changed.

So meeting with this person was by far the most important thing he had to do.

Remembering every strategy he knows, and hiding the pure joy that was filling his heart, Myormiles rushed to his store.

What wicked plan would he propose today?

And thus, Myormiles tedious days would come to an end.





Chapter 99: Tournament Preparations


Myormiles hurried back to his shop.

He could have sent a butler ahead of him, but decided not to.

Would he really wait for me?

Slightly worried, he entered the shop.

When he did, he saw that adorable girl (?) reclining on a coach.

And, when (s)he saw Myormiles, (s)he smiled widely.

「Yo! That was quick」

A speech style that was completely at odds with his/her face, (s)he raised a hand in a greeting.

That was, without a doubt, master Rimuru.

Having confirmed that, Myormiles expressed his heartfelt happiness that Rimuru was still alive and well.

The other attendants, seeing their master thus, did not react with any surprise and have been treating Rimuru with respect.|

Certainly, that was the effect of having spent an hour here alone with him.

After setting down the iced tea he was drinking, Rimuru went straight to the point.

「Well, what. I’ve got a job request, you see? I’m ce~rtain that Myormiles will be able to handle it.

I’ve got an event coming up and I want a producer for it.

Can I leave it to you?」

With a wide smile that can only be described as representing all the wickedness of the entire human race, Rimuru asked.

Myormiles could not read what was on his mind, but was certain that it involved danger.

Even so,

「What kind of event would Danna be talking about?」

Myormiles, for some reason, wanted to hear more.

Somehow, he’s been entranced by this person. Without any thought to loss and profit, these kind of unnatural feelings filled him.

Perhaps, he was now a failure as a merchant.

But now that he has become a failure, isn’t it the perfect time to serve this being?

So he tried imagining what it would be like to serve Rimuru.

The very thought filled him with boundless joy.

Thus, he heard Rimuru’s explanation.

He disclosed a shocking proposal.

Tempest will be holding a Tournament soon, and he wanted to leave it in Myormiles’ hands.

He had described it as amusement, but, in short, it really is just a spectacle for the masses.

They will create a Colosseum to hold ten thousand people to watch and cheer for the contestants.

Average people also have the right to watch, perhaps with an entrance fee.

It’s fine, however, if the entrance is free. As long Tempest’s dining and lodging are properly advertised.

More importantly, moving the ten thousand guests around. Though the highways have been prepared, there’s a need to manage the carriage transportation and provisions.

Moreover, managing the number of guests. Offering lodging.

Just thinking about the wealth that will move here made his mouth water.

Tempest dining and lodging is beyond excellent, so accepting the guests will prove simple.

The problem is the permanent stimulation of economy and maximizing the profit.

That’s the whole point behind this tournament.

Too amusing!

To have prepared such a detailed plan only to leave it in Myormiles hands!

「This should be left to a pro, no? Don’t tell me, Myormiles, you lack confidence?」

「Ha, hahahaha! How cruel. Rimuru-sama is an evil person」

「Ha ha ha ha. I am, I am! But not as evil as you!」

The two laughed loudly.

With a wicked smile on their faces.

「You do understand that enormous capital will be moving around here, right?」

「Fu fu fu fu. Fret not, this is this Myormiles’ field of expertise…

I will produce results Rimuru-sama will be completely satisfied with!」

Enormous capital will flow at this event.

Just as Rimuru says.

What a… terrifying being.

Just how far can he see…

「On that note, I may see another way to use the restorative medicine.

It is possible to be restored as long as one is not dead I believe…

So perhaps we could sell it to the participants

And, the true goal is advertising, right?

So that people visit Tempest many more times from now on, right?

Based on that goal, my job would be…」

「… As expected. I’m glad I decided to leave this to you, Myormiles!

I don’t mind if the tournament does not produce any profit.

“I want to come again!” If people leave with that feeling, then we have succeeded. I’ll leave the invitees to you. Alright?」

They thus shook hands.

A terrifying chill assaulted Myormiles as ideas poured into his head.

There are countless ways to manage an event as a country.

Just by allowing people to bet on the winner can produce enormous income.

He finally realized the many ideas and the weight of responsibility that this request entailed.

And when he did, a boundless excitement filled his body.

He could finally do it. He could finally show him! He could finally be of use to Tempest!

And then, Rimuru added

「Oh, and later, if this goes over well, would you like to join us?

Commerce Division Chief or Merchant Division Chief. Well, the name doesn’t matter, but I want to have you assume that post.

We’re growing pretty big recently, so we need to take control of that sector. How about it?」

How about it? How about it? How about it? …?

These words, as if playing the strings of his heart, reverberated again and again.

With a big nod, he accepted.

Of course he would.

Rimuru was willing to invest in him to this extent.

There was no room for failure.

If he did well, he could join his most trusted circle!

In all of Myormiles days, more than any dream or hope he has had, he now felt like he has never felt before.

This feeling was like sweet nectar that he swore to never let go of.

Even after Rimuru left scheduling the next meeting, the excitement did not lessen.

Things will get busy.

First, declaring the intent to gather his estate.

Should this event conclude successfully, no, he will make it successful, he has no plans to return to Brumund.

So he thus declared.

And asked,

「What will you do? If you like this mansion, I don’t particularly care?」

And upon hearing these words, all of his attendants replied,

『Please permit us to journey with you』

They said.

At this point, nothing held him back.

Even though he had received license from the country, Myormiles was a guild member.

He has the freedom to move between countries.

One should always be prepared to move!

But letting go of this shop might prove disadvantageous in the future.

So he decided to have a few people stay back in case Brumund were to flourish.

Ordering his servants to pack, he returned to his store.

And he called the head clerk into the office.

Before the clerk could even take a seat,

「Yo, you’ve gotten pretty good recently, how about taking over the store?」

Straight to the point.

Blinking a few times, the clerk tried to understand what he just heard.

He is, in fact, a son of one of Myormiles relatives, and was sent here to study.

He is a bright kid that Myormiles took a liking to.

But, in reality, he lost his original ‘home’ due to failing horrible, and only became a clerk to have a place to stay.

Yet there’s no qualms about his work ethic. He’s someone Myormiles could easily depend on.

「But, master… What could you possible mean by that?」

Unable to believe what he had heard, he timidly asked.

With a big nod,

「The thing is, I’ve… been tasked with an important job.

I’ll be leaving the country, so I decided to leave the shop to you.

Make the store a success and call your parents to visit one day」

Myormiles said, patting the clerk on the back with an affectionate smile.

In reality, he had only intended to loan the store to him. That is, he fully expected to be able to recover the price of the store.

Myormiles the merchant was not a sweet individual.

Moreover…

(If he can’t make the payment, that just shows that he was a failure to begin with)

He was motivated by his duty as a teacher.

「Thank you, truly, thank you…

Definitely… I will definitely repay your benevolence!」

Finally comprehending what was said, the clerk thanked Myormiles.

Ignoring his gratitude,

「Work hard!」

Myormiles said, nodding.

Just in case, they set up a contract for exchange of commodities.

There was no oversight on this end.

And after again being thanked by the clerk, he announced the change in leadership to the rest of the store.

And, compounding to their surprise, he added,

「On a one in a million chance that something happens, you are free to consult me.

But, I’m sure you guys will be able to get settled with the new order right away.

Just remember to steer clear of dubious deals with the nobles!」

Everyone nodded to his words.

They have all taken Myormiles’ teachings to heart, so no one would engage in dubious deals here.

And then,

「Umm… would it be impermissible for us to follow you, master?」

Some among them said.

These five individuals Myormiles saw great potential in.

So he was greatly surprised.

He never expected them to be willing to abandon their livelihood to follow him.

Thus, he was troubled as to how to respond.

But those who asked did not waver in the slightest.

The ex-clerk smiled and said,

「Myormiles-sama, everyone here is your disciple.

Please take these persons with you」

「However… without them, would you not be troubled?」

「Hahaha, so You were worried about that! I, too, have taken to your teachings, you know!」

Myormiles nodded once to these reassuring words.

Thinking about it, trusted people with whom he had worked on important duties are truly precious.

So he decided to accept the proposal.

Thus, after overseeing the preparations for the move, Myormiles set off towards Tempest.

＊　＊　＊

After parting with Myormiles, I sighed in relief.

Thank goodness he accepted.

Having a tournament is fine and all, but how should we take advantage of it?

That was the thought that started this all.

Even falling is not free.

I ordered an urgent creation of the Colosseum. The plain on which we faced the knights is where we decided to build this grand structure. It’s easy to access and otherwise convenient.

We declared that the tournament will be held along with the Demon Lord proclamation ceremony.

We also decided to allow any powerful being from the Jura Forest to participate.

In short, we’re also scouting for new recruits. Since we’re becoming a legitimate state, it’s probably a good idea to add more powerful beings to our ranks.

Other demon lords scout for devil subordinates to increase their influence, but it’s unclear whether said devils are truly strong.

How~ever! Since they’ll be fighting this time, we’ll be able to tell their strength right away.

On that note, there’s a problem of too few participants and too many spectators.

If we only display the power of my Cabinet, the vagrant devils will probably be dissuaded from rampaging at will.

Those fools who decide to cause mischief regardless will be erased. If possible, I’d rather we add them to our ranks before that happens.

After all, they say the angels will come invading.

Though that was my first time hearing that, I hardly see a reason to stop our progress.

I desire a pleasant and comfortable life!

Which is why it might be a good idea to further increase our fighting strength.

So rather than targeting the famous clans, I would much rather gather strong individuals and confer a reward upon the winner.

Monsters are hardly interested in coin, so I proclaimed that I will grant any reasonable wish.

So hopefully a large number of participants will show.

Otherwise, this would hardly be a show.

To someone who enjoyed those end of the year fighting shows on TV, this is ideal entertainment.

But, there’s the problem of managing capital.

Viewing fee can be free as long as Tempest is properly advertised.

When I thought so, I noticed that we were lacking in personnel.

There’s no monster who specializes in finances.

While I could do it alone, it’s just too damn troublesome.

And then I remembered Myormiles-kun.

What a wonderful resource he is.

I don’t know why he got so excited, but he is even more eager than I am to put this plan into motion.

Perhaps even holding it as an annual event.

Moreover, he even thought of a plan to sell the medicine at the event.

What a terrifying individual.

In that case, rather than a quickly built arena, we should probably build something more grand.

Slightly panicking, I contacted Gerudo.

It seems that they were in the middle of laying the foundation so they didn’t mind having to expand the size of the building.

Though I initially held against box seats, I guess those would be important.

By the way, the Cabinet unanimously declared secret training time and vanished.

Only Ranga remains as always within my shadow.

Now then, since I am in Brumund, I might as well greet Fuze.

Opening the door to the Brumund’s Freedom Association Branch, I entered.

And was met with a “Who’s that?” gaze.

Right, every time I came I would wear a mask, so they don’t know it’s me.

Whatever. If he’s not here, I’ll just leave.

With such a carefree attitude, I approached the receptionist.

「Yo. I’m Rimuru; would Fuze be around?

Oh, here’s my guild card」

I said and pulled a card from my pocket (stomach).

I could hear people ask “That girl is an adventurer?!” but I paid them no mind.

The receptionist lady seemed to have remembered me.

「Ah! My, oh my, it has been a while! How have you been?」

「Hmm? Oh, quite fine! You also seem to be doing well.

So, could I meet with him?」

「Ah, yes. Please follow me!」

I was immediately let through.

Behind me, I could hear: “Seriously?! Who is that girl!” and the like, but I should probably ignore those word.

And as always, I was guided towards the same room via magic circles.

Inside, Fuze was holding his head.

「Yo! I came to play. What’s wrong? Something on your mind?」

「Well, it’s been peaceful, but then suddenly a demon lord appeared…」

「Eh? Seriously? What a menace. Why are you so relaxed?!」

「No, no, the demon lord is right before me. So what should I do?」

「Oh? Is that so? Then how about serving some tea?

Cake might also be a good idea?」

「Cake, huh… what the hell! Do you think I could acquire such a delicacy so easily?!

Seriously, is it alright for you to be so carefree even as a demon lord?」

While complaining, he poured some tea.

Unlike how he seems, he’s a really pleasant guy.

Thanking him, I sipped the tea. And let him know the short version of the Walpurgis Banquet incident.

That there are Eight Demon Lords now called “Octogram”.

And, most importantly.

That Freedom Association Guild Master Kagurazaka Yuuki is somehow connected with Chaos Lord Kazarim.

Fuze muttered in disbelief.

But without doubting my story, he started considering countermeasures.

Rather, while doubting my words, I should say.

If I’m wrong–great, if I’m right–then a plan of action is absolutely necessary.

It’s best to stay prudent. What a reliable fellow he is.

「On that note, I think it would be best to use this magic item that prevents mind control.

We’re also all using it.

And, do not disclose this to anyone you don’t trust and that has nothing to do with Yuuki.」

「Understood… That’s only to be expected. I’ll try to look for people who can dispel brainwashing and mind control skills.」

He’s quick on the uptake.

He’s already way ahead of me.

「Call me if anything happens」

I said, taking out a Communication Ball and a hundred gold coins.

「Hey, Danna… what is this…?」

「Communication device and necessary expenses. Enough?」

「It will help. But to bring this much out, is it that serious?」

「That it is. I don’t think Ingracia can be trusted at all by this point.

Yuuki has had 10 years to extend his network, you see?」

Fuze’s expression got even more serious when I said so.

And he began grumbling to himself.

「Seriously… things were much more peaceful before you showed up…」

「Isn’t it great, you got a job. And a big one at that!」

Fuze held his hands up as if giving up,

「Make it a request」

He said. With a face full of determination.

It’s tough to request of him to question his superiors.

I do feel bad for him, so I decided to explain in greater detail.

My real objective is the children.

So I told him. If Yuuki is suspicious, there’s a need to save the kids.

But if I handle this poorly, he’ll learn that I am suspicious of him. So this must be done in complete secrecy.

Preferably with a third party that has no relation whatsoever with me.

Fuze nodded and began to think up the strategy.

Anyways, we cannot rush this.

Since he hasn’t noticed yet, there’s no need to take any serious action.

We can take this slow, so I believe we should carefully proceed here.

「I have accepted the request. Leave it to me!」

Fuze nodded and made the promise.

For the time being, he’ll use trusted people to search for those afflicted by mind control.

If possible, he’ll secure the children.

There’s no choice but to trust him for now.

「I leave it to you!」

And nodding, we concluded by discussing the finer details.





Chapter 100: Underground Labyrinth


After finishing the meeting with Fuze, I headed back to Tempest.

I can move to any previously visited location via『Spatial Travel』you see.

It does use up some magic energy, but my reserves are so vast that I don’t even feel it.

So it’s a super useful skill that lets me transfer to places without any detriment.

When I neared the city, Gerudo contacted me via telepathy.

(We seek your immediate guidance, Rimuru-sama!)

What could be wrong?

With that thought, I transferred to Gerudo.

In a leap completed in a single moment, I head towards Gerudo. It truly is a very useful skill.

Not that I’m going to appear right by his side, rather I am going materialize in the near vicinity.

If necessary, I could appear exactly on a desired spot, but this time let’s transfer a little further away.

Well, in fact, since it’s a place I’ve visited before, I don’t actually need to focus on transferring to the individual.

And at this point it’s easier to move towards him by foot.

Gerudo was at the tunnel that Veldora had blown up.

Pieces of demon steel were spread across the landscape barely obscuring the ruined tunnel.

I had ordered it to be restored, yet no work seems to have been done.

I wonder why?

Gerudo seems to be arguing with somebody.

「I’m telling you~! We’re now occupying these tunnels!」

「Even if so you say, we have not recognized your claims.

Please allow me to consult Rimuru-sama first.」

「No way! Can’t you see, we’ve abandoned the labyrinth?!

Are you seriously planning on making us homeless?」

「No one is saying that. By the way, stop trying to sneak demon steel out of here.」

「Tch. How sharp! Don’t sweat the small things, or my Beretta will–Wha!!」

Erasing my presence, I successfully captured Ramiris.

And looked her right in the face.

No question about it, it’s Ramiris.

「What the hell are you doing?」

「Y-yahoo! What’s up, Rimuru?」

Averting her eyes, Ramiris greeted me.

Even without asking, I know exactly what she was planning on doing.

She’s planning on claiming the demon steel and connecting the tunnel into the labyrinth.

She’s said something about building an entrance around here before, after all.

「So, you were planning on building a labyrinth here and you were discovered by Gerudo?」

「Eh… no, there’s now way… I think. Maybe…?」

「In other words, I’m right. Seriously…」

「Aha, ahahaha…..」

She tried laughing the matter off.

Looking around, there’s a clear need to reclaim the resources and repair the land, I thought.

But, maybe it’s a good idea to have her build the labyrinth here after all?

I mean, think about my last conversation with Myormiles.

We want people to continuously revisit Tempest.

But, perhaps not every day, but at least every season.

So, is there something we could do that would attract people that often?

For example… how about we create a dungeon (labyrinth)?

This might be a good idea.

I look at Ramiris. Without a care, she’s just smiling at me.

She’s a little… no, she’s very unreliable, but maybe she’ll manage.

Steeling myself, I expressed my proposal.

＊　＊　＊

My proposal.

It’s very simple, really.

I’ll have Ramiris create a labyrinth and act as it’s manager.

And we’ll thus have the labyrinth generate some profit.

Ramiris will live there, and I’ll get some pocket change.

Of course, this idea requires her complete support, but she doesn’t seem opposed to it?

In fact, when I disclosed the plan,

「Eh, eh? In other words, I can make a labyrinth here?!

…Actually… could this be a chance to finally dispel that horrid nickname: NEET?!」

Opening her eyes wide, she exclaimed.

Well, I did think of it more as a joke though.

「U-umm… it is true that I can earn some money this way?」

Swallowing hard, she asked me with a serious expression.

She’s probably afraid that I’ll change my mind.

Though there’s no way I would. Well, not like all my promises are enforceable, though.

「I’m serious. But, I wouldn’t know how much profit we can make until we try it…

Well, there will be related expenses, so how about 20% of the profits?」

「Umm… how much would that be?」

「Well, if a thousand adventurers visit in a single day, you’d be getting 2 gold coins.」

「Geh!! S-s-such a f-f-fortune?!」

「Well, actual earnings might be higher or lower than predicted.

And since you need to build a place to live anyways, you don’t suffer as a result, right?」

She violently shook her head.

In the first place, had she built the labyrinth anywhere she wanted, she would still have to maintain it.

So there was nothing disagreeable about this.

She hugged me tightly out of joy.

Since both parties seem satisfied, this will become another project that I will oversee.

Adding Gerudo to our discussion, we polish out the details.

First, we have overnight plans to lay a road from the city here.

It’s a trip that wouldn’t even take half a day.

We had chosen this place as it was on the outer perimeter of the city.

About 10 km away, I’d like to say? Once the road is done, we also plan to build a stable nearby.

We had wanted to lay rails to transport people and baggage from here.

Since letting horses and magic beasts into the city would lead to new hygienic problems.

Reclaiming the demon steel is necessary for that goal, but I can just prepare some more.

Since it’s relatively close to the city, an inn here would unlikely bring many customers.

So, we decided to build a motel instead.

But if we will build a labyrinth here, then an inn would be in order.

If they wanted to truly relax, they could always come back to Tempest. It’s a good idea to keep work housing and home separate.

And if we build a labyrinth here we are bound to attract some adventurers.

It might be a good idea to also service the carriages coming to and from the Dwarf Kingdom and the (ex) Farmas Kingdom.

Drawing up the plan, I have Gerudo confirm it.

He finds it acceptable.

Moreover, the site of our battle with the knights is only a few steps away.

Two kilometers towards the city, where a number of roads intersect, is the planned site of the arena.

It’s relatively close to the city, so we expect the guests to walk there.

Unlike our world, people tend to walk here.

It’s unimaginable to not walk a round trip of less than 20 km. They also follow the early to bed, early to rise policy.

So if we hold the tournament from 10:00~15:00, that should give them enough time to make the trip.

As for the staff, we can probably have them stay at the inn.

Having thus agreed with Gerudo, we moved on to discussing the arena blueprint.

After talking to Myormiles, I finally envisioned how I wanted it to look.

Normally, I would spend hours in front of my laptop creating the plan, but now I can do it by hand.

Raphael really is useful at these minor things.

Accepting my design with a “No problem”, Gerudo left.

When I looked at Ramiris,

「Uhehe… now even I will be making money, huh.

Gone are the days when I was made fun of as the Poverty Demon Lord!」

Is she tripping? She seems completely lost in her world.

Well, I guess she’ll be fine.

She’s been significantly ridiculed up until now.

Though who has heard of a demon lord in want of money?

(TL Note: “in want of” means to lack)

Though more than money, not working is the problem I believe…

True, Ramiris’ Labyrinth was rather devoid of… people.

She was probably really bored and really lonely.

I really hope adventurers show up. For Ramiris’ and my sake.

Dragging Ramiris back into reality, we go over the detail of the labyrinth.

Ramiris is showing a determined face, the likes that I never have seen from her before, and is ready to go.

I had five questions for her.

How many floors can be constructed underground?

How many days would it take to finish?

What about the monsters inside?

Can interior layout be altered? Further, can treasure chests be set up?

In case of death, could we set up a system where they are reborn on the surface?

Is what I asked.

Here’s what she answered.

There’s no limit, but realistically, at most 100 floors.

It’s possible to finish in a day. Thanks to species-skill『Labyrinth Creation』it can be created in a single moment. The interior aside.

Whatever we wish since Spirits inhabited the previous one, they did not spawn. But, if magic concentration falls, only weak monsters will spawn.

It’s possible. Actually, customizing the interior is one of the functions of her skills. It’s also possible to create a rotation of floor patterns, but only one floor at a time. If not the structure but the interior–that can be changed relatively simply.

It’s possible. But, you would have to wear a special item created via『Labyrinth Creation』

Is what she said

「Wonderful! It’s wonderful, Ramiris-kun!」

「Really, like really really? Am I really amazing?」

「Yeah. Now our ambitions have overlapped!」

「Really? I was just thinking the same thing」

We nodded at each other.

「I’m looking forward to working with you, Ramiris」

「Yeah, I’ll be in your care. Joining a large organization is like riding a big ship. It’s reassuring」

Big ship, huh. Let’s hope we’re not the Titanic.

Since our sizes are different, we couldn’t really shake hands but we were one in spirit.

I decided to have Ramiris take the demon steel scattered around.

Since it seems that she will make something really useful.

We continued to exchange ideas regarding the design and concept of the dungeon.

While being very merry.

Me and Ramiris “being merry” and discussing the dungeon.

To say the least, our conversation went into a weird direction and we drafted out a design of a super advanced dungeon.

Next is production.

As Ramiris declared, it will easily be done by tomorrow.

So promising to come visit, I return to the city.

I need to have Kurobee hand over all those test armors and weapons that won’t be seeing the marketplace any time soon.

「Is this fine, Rimuru-sama? These articles are imperfect and can hardly be used by the average person.」

「Nah, it’s fine. I’ll leave these aside to receive the spirit’s blessing and have them soak up some magic energy.

They might become magic items, you see」

「Is that so. In that case, do as you see fit」

He said and took out the products from the cellar.

I accepted them and expressed my thanks.

However, to think that he had so many trial products.

At some point, he had added a hundred items to this list. There are full sets here as well, and all of these items are far better than what you would find being sold in a store.

But, as Kurobee mentioned, these are imperfect items to which the user could never adjust to.

So these can hardly be called tools.

But in exchange for sucking up magical energy and converting it into raw strength, the user can temporarily obtain unbelievable physical power.

Well, it’s not like you should only use it if you have a death wish, but only a fool would use an untested product.

Not that I’d take responsibility for that, though.

So what should I do about this product line?

I’m actually playing on putting it into treasure chests inside the dungeon and having special monsters guard these.

To think I would have a chance at a real life dungeon creator… this is too exciting.

Well, it is true that just auctioning these products off would bring a lot of gold.

Actually, that might be the best option.

But, that’s no good. What’s most important is the ongoing advertisement of Tempest.

If they see the beauty of our city and feel it’s charm, surely they will come again.

Honestly, when I told Ramiris that she can create an entrance to her labyrinth, I originally intended it to be in the middle of the city.

But, I soon realized the benefit of having a tavern town for adventurer’s convenience.

Equipment and the like should be bought up in the city.

Just think about how much money will be spent. Even if we stock up ahead of time, we’ll probably run out.

With the money left over for maintenance and purchase of raw material, we can probably offer sales for return customers.

That way, the adventurers will speak of us among themselves and Tempest will certainly gain fame.

Moreover, it’s probably a good idea to keep the citizens busy.

The Tournament will probably be held at most twice a year, but we’ll certainly hold other events.

Military drills, adventurer tests.

So we’ll definitely put all these buildings to use. And the dungeon will certainly draw even more attention.

Thus, having assembled all these parts, I have finally decided to gain the one being necessary to make it all work out.

Veldora.

Veldora’s in my room.

He’s grown very accustomed to it.

「Hey, Veldora, I’ve got a favor to ask of you.」

「Hmm? Can’t you see that I’m busy?」

Yeah. You’re reading manga.

And clearly have nothing to do.

「I see… that’s too bad. And, I was just about to offer something fun to do.

If you’re busy, it can’t be helped. I guess I’ll just ask Diablo」

I said, and pretended to leave

「Hey, wait up. I’m busy, but I’ll listen to your request.

Speak!」

Hook, line, and sinker.

How easy to manipulate he is.

It’s as easy to manipulate this old geezer as taking a candy from a baby.

But that aside,

「The thing is, we were thinking about building a dwelling for you.

Ramiris and I were talking about it, and she’s currently building it.」

「W-what did you say?! Seriously?

But, why did you call it a favor?」

Whether he’s deeply interested or not, he has a serious look on his face.

Seriously… too easy.

I told Veldora about the Dungeon plan.

「So the thing is, we need a king to rule over the dungeon.

Ramiris will supervise it. And, on the 100th floor we’ll create an entrance leading to the spirits’ labyrinth.

We need a strongest guardian to protect this gate.」

「I see… and you want me to do it?」

「Exactly. And while in the labyrinth, I want you to constantly flaunt your aura」

「Seriously? It’s okay?」

「It is」

I nodded.

Frankly, I don’t care at all about the guardian.

What I want is Veldora’s aura.

If he releases it around here, it will so densely concentrate, that normal people won’t be able to survive.

But if he keeps it in too long, releasing it will create an explosion like last time.

So it’s probably not a good idea to keep it in that long. So there’s a need to release it.

Which means, that we needed to find a place for him to do so…

The cave of the seal could not completely restrain all of Veldora’s aura.

That’s why I had the dungeon be made 100 floors deep and once he freely release his aura.

And it’s true purpose…

Once the magic concentration increases, monsters will naturally spawn.

As it trickles upwards, the upper floors will certainly be occupied by small fry with strong beings further in.

Even the cave had A- ranked Tempest Serpents spawn.

Just what kind of monster will he spawn now, I can’t even begin to imagine it.

Perhaps another intelligent slime will spawn among them.

So Veldora releasing his aura will only benefit us.

Killing two birds with one stone, essentially.

「… And when I see adventurers,

『Kuahahaha, you have done well coming this far! Let me welcome you, insects!』

or something like,

『Kuahahaha, you can’t run away from me. Didn’t you know? You can’t run away from the Storm Dragon!』

And fight them, right?」

Veldora said.

He’s completely into it by now. He didn’t seem to into it in the beginning, though.

I nodded,

「Moreover, it would also be possible to face entire units of adventurers.

It’s like, a Real Simulation Game, you see.

How about it? Doesn’t it sound fun?」

Veldora stood up, and put the manga in his pocket.

And facing me,

「As expected of you, Rimuru. I always knew you could do great things」

He said, and shook my hand.

Thank god he’s an idiot.

And thus, I have (with great difficulty?) recruited Veldora.

The next day.

Veldora and I went to see Ramiris.

As she promised, the labyrinth was completed.

「Yo, Ramiris, you doing good?」

「Ah, master! It has been a while. I am in perfect health!」

These two are friendly as always.

Ramiris was already sitting on Veldora’s shoulder by the time they began the exchange.

And after exchanging greetings, we got right into the explanation.

As I had wanted, the labyrinth was created via a number of blocks.

That was, once every few days we can change its layout.

Every ten floors we have set up save points.

Upon reaching this point, the next time you enter you can continue from where you left off.

To that end, we had decided to grant licenses to adventurers to use magic teleportation circles.

Selling maps is probably too evil. It’ll also be a pain to make new ones every day.

And let’s not forget about the most important item.

The charm made by Ramiris’『Labyrinth Creation』

It will only work once.

Any death that occurred in the labyrinth will be negated, and the user will be returned to the surface.

It will activate ten seconds after death has been confirmed.

There’s also an emergency escape item that returns the user to the surface.

These safeguards we plan to sell at the entrance. Whether they buy these or not is their choice.

But if you don’t but it and die… you only have yourself to blame.

I, personally, would definitely buy it.

As for the price, we can decided that later. For now, all done.

Hopefully this will all end as well as we want it to.

There are still many things left to implement, but that’s for later.

We exchanged glances, and laughed like the villains we are.





Chapter 101: Smooth Plan


We went to the last floor where Veldora will live and arranged the interior.

I take out all of the furniture out from my stomach and set them in room cordoned off by blocks.

Atmosphere is really important, so I can’t let the public see it.

I copied and prepared some items that Veldora likes.

And after we finished decorating the room, we proceeded to the center of the 100 floor and had Veldora release his aura.

Veldora released his aura carefully and managed to do so without an accident.

The inner walls of the room were created out of ore.

It going to turn into demonic steel soon after getting bathed with magic power after all, so it’s a simple mod wall.

This way, we can save a bit on costs.

By the way, the first floor of this dungeon is a square room 250m wide.

It’s the same size as 4 Tokyo Domes, but as you continued further down, the size got smaller.

The dungeon was created this way so the aura could spread well.

Veldora’s room is 100m2 wide.

It’s seems quite big, but if Veldora get into his real form, it actually quite small.

It was created so it can be expanded if it’s ever inconvenient.

The dungeon is under Ramiris control, so it can be customized freely to some degree.

The aura is seeping up to each floor as planned.

Since there’s no wall to block the way, it fills the room without disturbance.

All we have to do now is to wait until the monsters spawned.

After Veldora turned back into his human form, we moved on to the next step.

First, about traps

Poisoned Arrow ●●● Arrows smeared with poison come flying out of nowhere

Poison Swamp ●●● Swamp that is really poisonous. If you fall into one, you’ll get poison damage and abnormal status

Turning Tile/Mat ●●● Driving your sense of direction mad. Feel the importance of mapping!

Moving Tile/Mat ●●● A floor that moves all by it own. Really scary.

Cutting Thread ●●● Pass by it without realizing, your head comes off. Combined with Moving Floor for brutal results

Pitfall ●●● Rather than the damage dealt by falling down, what’s awaiting you when you fall is scarier.

False Treasure Box(Mimic) ●●● Great, a treasure box..? Too bad, it’s ME!

Laughing Treasure Box ●●● Great, a treasure box! Die laughing.

Monster Room ●●● Hi there! Finally, a feast.

Sealing Room ●●● Turn a fire on and…..

Darkness Floor ●●● It’s a common sense to bring a torch you know. If you don’t have one, we could sell one for a high price, how about it?

Low Ceiling Floor ●●● I don’t want to meet monster while crawling~

Terrain Effect Floor ●●● What the hell is this?! Why there’s a volcano in a dungeon!

I listed all of the trap I could think of.

Almost all of them are possible.

It’s just the Terrain Effect Floor is too difficult. Well, volcano is impossible as expected.

I was imaging having blazing floor, freezing floor, or blizzard floor that makes traps from natural disasters, but…….

「Impossible. I don’t have the energy to maintain something like that!」

As expected, it’s impossible.

Well, I might’ve asked for something really absurd.

And when I was going to give up on that plan,

「Do you want me to tame a fire dragon or ice dragon from somewhere?」

I hear the voice of someone that shouldn’t be there.

As I turn around I could see silver haired twintail.

「Eh…..? Why are you here? Milim….」

100 floors underground.

In the other word, in the last floor of the newly-built dungeon, a beautiful young demon lord is smiling with a complacent smile.

「Fufun. Somehow I feel that you’re doing something fun. To think you were courageous enough to exclude me」

She said while getting arrogant and arching her back to emphasize her pitiful chest.

As usual, she’s dressed all in black with dragon knuckles–that are emitting a dim light and hardly fit–on her hands.

Still, as expected. She’s really sensitive to this kind of conspiracy.

No doubt, it’s impossible to hide things from Milim.

In the first place, it’s impossible to reason with Milim.

Just because she appeared here, there’s no need to be surprised.

Milim and Veldora glared at each other, but afterwards shaked hands and seemed friendly.

If the two of them fight with each other, it’ll be a serious matter.

Thank goodness they have become friends.

「Sorry about that. I had no intention to leave you behind. I was going to invite you after it was done」

「Really? But it’s more fun to participate from the get-go when doing something like this」

「Well, that might be true. By the way, is your country all right?」

She’s also a demon lord.

Moreover after merging her territory with the former demon lords Frey and Karion’s territory, it should have gotten rather big.

Is it ok for her to play and walk around like me? (Hmm, me? I’m good. Everyone is really excellent, so it’s better that I don’t disturb them)

Upon hearing my question, she averted her gaze.

「Well, it’s fine. See, I’m really excellent after all…….

By no means have I come here by running away because I hate studying!」

I see.

Frey or the other examined and summarize the country state of affair and tried to teach it to Milim.

She hated it and ran away to this place. That’s probably the real situation.

「No way! I’m going join no matter what!」

Before I say anything, she refused.

As expected. Her intuition is sharp as usual.

Well, whatever. I’m not the one that’s going to get scolded anyway.

Rather than that,

「Alright, I’m not the one that’s going to get yelled at, so let’s put that matter aside.

What you said before, taming a dragon? Is that possible?」

「Ugh…. I really will get scolded…? No, but….

It can’t be helped. There’s bound to be some danger when you venture out.

It’s possible to tame a dragon. If you want, should I tame one for you?」

「Ooh, can I rely on you? In that case what species are there?」

Milim fears getting scolded, just like a kid that skip her homework to go play.

Well, it can’t be helped. It’s the path she took.

After overcoming her worried expression, Milim’s mood changed easily as she teach us about dragons.

Seems like Veldora had no interest in it at all.

Ramiris is saying something like 「What are you doing coming to this place!」 just to get glared at by Milim and caught..

From Milim’s explanation, there are 4 types of dragons.

Fire dragon, ice dragon, wind dragon, and earth dragon.

There are some that gained special evolution or unique, but these are the only four types.

As expected it’s impossible to tame a dragon lord, but as long it’s not a lord, it’s possible to tame an adult one.

With this, having an effect similar to terrain effect is possible.

And so we’ll have the dragons live on the lower floors.

I don’t really know just how strong a dragon is, but practically every dragon is at least an A rank.

It’s the level that could be defeated by 6 Holy Knights.

An elemental dragon is bound to increase the difficulty. Thus – while being carefree, of course – I arrange the dragon floors.

In order of strength, fire>ice>wind>earth.

Or so it would be if the dragon is young. The order might get changed it it’s an old one. That is, the dragon that is able to exercise all of its power will arise victorious.

If it’s the order from strength only and it became like that.

And so,

99th floor is Flame Hell Floor Being covered in high temperature flame, the last gateway. Heat-resistant equipment is needed. The one that waiting before it is!?

98th floor is Ice Hell Floor. If you stop, you die. Can you endure it with cold-resistant equipment?

97th floor is Lighting Floor. The thread of lighting falling down from the sky. Whether you can break through this floor or not depend on your luck!

96th floor is Tremor Floor. As to ridicule the one that managed to come this far, a fiendish earthquake will befall you. Feel the wrath of the dragon!

And so the super hard terrain floors have been created.

The dragons could use the aura that Veldora released as food, so they could live here with no problem .

There’s no need to tamper with these floors. Just let the dragons that Milim tamed make a nest here and it’ll be fine.

Next, create a safe zone every 10 floors.

Well, there’s a boss room before each, so they could only access it after they defeated the boss.

There, they would be able to purchase magic stones, sell drops, and buy potions at very high prices.

Building a tavern or a restaurant might be a good idea, but wouldn’t they just exit the dungeon if they wanted a break?

Well, I’ll decide on that as things go.

The first floor difficulties is for testing only. So any beginner could finish it.

The roads are wide, so getting lost is unlikely.

Nevertheless, 250m in width is considerable. It’s going to be a floor that makes you walk a lot without any result/income.

From then on, starting with the 2nd floor it’s not that easy.

It’s time for the traps.

Even though I say it won’t be easy, in reality there isn’t a single brutal trap up until the tenth floor, so I’m sure they’ll proceed without any major difficulties.

Immediately facing a death trap would dissuade people from continuing, so it’s out of the question.

In this manner, while arguing about this and that, the four of us proceeded to arrange every floor.

And thus, after three days, we are almost done fine-tuning it.

We nod to each other with smiles on our faces, leaving the dungeon with a feeling of accomplishment.

※Needless to say, the dungeon is filled with monster by the next time we went there.

Milim went out to tame the dragons.

I don’t particularly mind the monsters getting destroyed, but that’s a no-no for the dragons.

We assigned all the tamed dragons as Ramiris’ subordinates.

Get this, inside Ramiris’ 『Dungeon Creation』her subordinates are immortal.

If Ramiris got killed, she’ll disappear, but the subordinates could respawn at the recorded spot.

This is the reason why she wanted Beretta so much.

Even if Ramiris doesn’t have any power, inside the dungeon, Ramiris troops are undefeatable.

For Ramiris who doesn’t have any subordinates, it just a meaningless invincible skill.

Beretta himself serves us tea without any complaint busily fulfills a maid’s function.

Since it seems that Beretta consents, working for Ramiris might not be so bad.

「With this, I finally gain real subordinates…..!」

Said Ramiris clearly emotional.

She might be really lonely. So while looking at Beretta,

「Oi, Beretta. Do you want to be Ramiris permanent servant?」

I ask Beretta.

I’ve been thinking of this for a while. If Beretta wants it, I’ll let him change it’s loyalty.

If Beretta didn’t want to, I’ll prepare new subordinate for Ramiris.

Beretta answered,

「Is it all right? Then I’ll swear my allegiance to Ramiris-sama, as her servant」

He said without any hesitation.

Isn’t it good, Ramiris. You’re unexpectedly loved.

I nodded,

「Fine. Well, then Beretta. From now on, you shall work under Ramiris!」

I declared, lifting the master lock and transferring it to Ramiris.

Who’s of course clearly dumbfounded by what has just occurred.

「Ay! Thank you very much for everything up until now. I won’t forget the favour of letting me be born into this world」

「Don’t worry about me. From now on, work hard and protect Ramiris」

「Ay! Even at the cost of my life!」

Let’s believe him. If it’s Beretta, I don’t have to worry.

The transfer concluded without any problem. From now on, I’ll only be the sub-master.

As long as nothing happens to Ramiris, Beretta will only listen to Ramiris command.

Ramiris who finally managed to understand the situation pranced around in delight.

She might be really delighted.

But, it’s fine.

Controlling the dragons inside the dungeon all by herself might be too difficult.

So if Beretta is there when she needs him, there will be no problem.

It also seems like Beretta doesn’t want to hand over the position as the first servant since Beretta has been serving her for a while.

Veldora and I start to get fed up while look at the prancing Ramiris.

Being a formal master-servant relationship, Beretta became an immortal inside this dungeon.

Servant can only revive at a previously set location, but there are no revival limits.

With a sufficient number of troops, Ramiris’ ability is terrifying.

And it’s because she’s the owner, that this ability has yet to see the light of day.

I’m not going to tell her, but depending on it’s use it could easily sway any battle.

Even now, having Beretta with unlimited rebirths is too overpowered.

Now, we’re also adding Milim’s dragons.

There’s a chance that this kid will soon have an unbelievably potent power in her hands.

But, it’s Ramiris after all. There won’t be any problem.

This lovable fairy is just a small lonely kid.

The revival item called bracelet of revival is also recognized by Ramiris, so anyone who wears it will not die.

But, it’ll have no effect outside this dungeon.

If this thing isn’t explained completely, there’s a possibilities of misunderstandings.

And then while confirming various things, the dungeon is getting shaped steadily.

「What’s this airtight room for? is this also a trap?」

To that question,

「If you suddenly enter into a room without air, you’ll fall from not being able to breath. At worst–die.

You have to be careful in front of any room. This is an ironclad rule.

Examine the poison inside the room, measure the concentration of air. If you can’t do at least this much, you won’t be able to last long.

At worst, you have to use wind magic for ventilation」

I answered, seems like she didn’t understand.

「Well, I know that this is an atrocious trap.

You…. I’ve been thinking this for a while, but you’re a terrifying guy.

But, reliable. I wouldn’t have been able to think of this kind of trap all by myself….」

Ramiris said while looking at the traps with admiration.

So that’s what she thinks of me. Well, I liked games in my previous world, so it’s a trap that I’ve gotten used to.

If you tell me to clear it in real life, though, I beg to differ.

There’s almost no one unaffected by poison and having no need to breathe like us.

I think it’s going to be a brutal dungeon.

The completed masterpiece can hardly be described with only “brutal”.

(Well, if you add monster to those kinds of vicious traps, of course it’s going to be fiendish)

I feel like I heard a voice, but it’s probably just my imagination.

However, I bet I’ll hear it again soon enough.

After finishing the creation of the dungeon, I return to city.

Veldora and Ramiris will probably happily finish the rest by themselves.

They were very interested in watching me set up the traps..

They also asked to allow them to set one up, but I refused–primarily due to wanting to avoid a sick joke before the tenth floor.

Otherwise the customer (adventurers) will have their hearts or minds broken and will be unable to proceed.

However, I did decide to leave the rest to them on the condition that the floor must be passable.

95th and 94th floors will probably end up being nonsensical floors, but it’s ok.

91st to 93rd floors are untouched. Milim might want to do one, so we’ll set it up later.

And so, I leave the rest to them. It’s good to see them enjoy themselves this much.

By the time I got back to the city, Myormiles had arrived.

He must have prepared himself with a great haste. His arrival is way faster then what I had planned.

I led him to the mansion I’ve prepared beforehand and leave the rest to Rigurdo.

I say my thanks to Myormiles and briefed him on the new happenings.

I explained the location of the arena and the plans for building a tavern town there.

I also told him about the plan to attract adventurer with the newly built dungeon.

Rigurdo and Myormiles were shocked to hear that and it turned into quite a discussion.

Rigurdo wanted to discuss the type of people who will come here from now on.

Myormiles discussed the opening of the arena and the dungeon.

After listening to their opinions, we proceeded to discuss the necessary resources.

They quickly became good friends.

I told Rigurdo to treat Myormiles as the official leader of the business division.

I also told him that Myormiles will get a second post as the leader of publicizing.

Rigurdo nodded, and contacted the individuals that would benefit said divisions.

Thus preparation continue.

Myormiles was accepted as the resident of Tempest easily.

I only introduced him and let the other introduce themselves.

The flow was so smooth it left me surprised.

Anyways, after seeing Myormiles’ work ethic, they can’t have any complaints left.

Myormiles evinced that he’s able to grasp the abilities of the subordinates that were assigned to him.

And, including his entourage, he assigned jobs to each member individually.

Seeing a hierarchy completed in a blink of an eye is rather refreshing.

Myormiles is really lively for being responsible for two divisions.

Now, as for the invitations to various leaders and figureheads.

Excluding the person I personally know, we send the invitation under Myormiles’ name.

Influential nobles and wealthy merchant of each town.

His progress is so quick that you’d think he had been doing this his whole life.

We also drafted up procedure and costs for the upcoming events.

Not just the planning and management, but things are producing smoothly on all fronts.

Looks like I chose the right person.

Perhaps out of all the ideas I’ve thus implemented, choosing Myormiles was the best.

If he were not here, the possibility of things going awry is high.

With just our power, we couldn’t have performed this well.

I’m really fortunate to be able to meet good people.

Myormiles also feel charmed by the food, environment, and comfort of this town.

「Impossible…. This is impossible! It’s even more comfortable compared to the royal capital!」

He kept saying until it basically became his catchphrase.

I’m glad that he liked it.

Then again, Myormiles reaction is the primary evidence that everything will be fine.

And Myormiles himself knows it.

「Rimuru-sama, there’s no way this plan is going to fail.

With everything as it is, anyone could make it succeed!」

Myormiles said. filled with excitement.

I think anyone is a bit too much, but I’m happy to hear him say that.

And as the preparations progress, unfamiliar people start coming to the town.

I feel a heated season approaching.

And it is nigh upon us!





Chapter 102: Audience with Monsters


One and a half months have passed since I had ascended to a Demon Lord.

The construction of the Colosseum has also progressed well. Gerudo’s command and capacity for construction has allowed the project to progress just as planned.[1]

Furthermore, the youngest of the three Dwarf Brothers, Mildo, had actually revised my blueprint and made it into a gorgeous building with a high artistic value. As expected from a dwarf, no, this was the work of a true artist. Simply splendid craftsmanship.

With this, the workmanship can even please those from royal families. For me, who has a rather low level of artistic capacity, it’s quite helpful to have someone around with such talents.

Even with Mildo’s additions, there will still be plenty of time before my debut and the Tournament are scheduled to begin.

Regarding Underground LabyrinthDungeon, the prospect for it was very good,[2] there were still various things that I wanted to look into further, such as the Labyrinth’s design, but I had to entrust the remaining details to Ramiris and Veldora.

Though there were plenty of things I wanted to get involved in, I simply don’t have the time to help out with everything.

To celebrate my ascension, or rather, to truly ascertain it whether I really am a Demon Lord, the representatives of various races have begun gathering one after another at the Monster’s CountryTempest.

It would seem that they wish to swear their loyalty to the Demon Lord, and as a result, gain the Divine Protection that such a Lord could provide.

However, if said Demon Lord lacked the ability to lead, said Lord would surely plunge them into a certain path of destruction, rather than prosperity.

Until now, the Great Forest of Jura was under the Divine Protection of Veldora, who had protected the region, turning it into a non-aggression zone.

The nonaggression area was now governed and under control of the new Demon Lord.

This region was now under the governing body of the newest Demon Lord who suddenly appeared. Moreover, it became known to most that this Demon Lord was still quite a novice at such things. To discover that the new protector of the forest was such a being, certainly it would not be unreasonable for the representatives of said races to feel rather insecure about their futures.

Today, I was dressed in ceremonial fashion.

Today, I was worshiped as a Great Demon Lord.

In the appearance of Slime.

It would seem that I’ve already been turned into an ornament and treated like the like Kagami mochi[3] that decorates a Kamidana[4].

Wouldn’t it just be fine to leave a clone instead of me having to sit here…?

Well, I did say this, but it was immediately rejected with smiles. Yep, it sure is so wonderful that the Department heads are in complete agreement at times like this. I really appreciate their desire to have me wait here.

Reluctantly, I was displayed and was ‘requested’ not to move.

Honestly, I was amazed at their preparation for the event to the extent that they even had Magic clothes for a Slime prepared and everything…

I looked down upon the kneeling monsters who wished for an audience with me.

I think that such formalities such as dressing up and kneeling are unnecessary, but showing dignity is important. Reluctantly I had to go along with the Department’s demands. It can be said that the usual slime versionform didn’t have dignity.

Well, I don’t really care.

However, what was interesting were the reactions from the various races.

Because I didn’t do or say a thing, as if I was an ornament, I silently cast my gaze upon the monsters as they introduced themselves.

The reactions could be said to be divided into three groups. These were those who held admiration, those who were observing, and finally, those who held great fear.

From those who were observing, there were even a few that were looking down on me a bit, but that might end up being rather convenient.

The real problem falls with those who are frightened. Those often cause the real problems.

I accepted an audience while thinking on it further.

The first people who I granted an audience were those who believed in my capabilities and held great respect for me. Mostly those who I have already established ties to previously.

This time, it was the Lizardmen’s Chief[5], Gabil’s father, and Clan Heads of the High Orc.

「It has been a long time, Rimuru-dono…. no… I should say Demon Lord Rimuru-sama…. On such a joyous occasion, we also-[6]」(Gabil’s Father)

Seeing as he was so tense and talks stiffly, I cut him off.

「Ah, it certainly has been a long time, Chief. There’s no need for you to be talking so formal.

I’m quite indebted to you for the alliance, so please treat me well from now on, just as you have before.」(Rimuru)

So I spoke.

With that, I managed to dispel his troubles and his worries seemed to disappear. After that, he seemed to be able to return to his original bold personality suited to the leader of a species.

「No no! There is no reason for such kind words, Rimuru-sama!

By the way, that Gabil..... Has he been any use to you?

Honestly.... that good for nothing son..........」

To the public, Gabil was exiled and disowned by his father. From his tone, it doesn’t seem like there was any intention to recall him back publicly right now.

His father is a serious person, but he also has many good qualities about him and is a good leader.

As I was pondering this, I suddenly ended up with an idea.

「Oh, that’s right, Chief. Allow me to give you the name ”Abil”. After all you are Gabil’s father, or rather for you having no name is a bother.」 (Rimuru)

Oh, it was the nostalgic name granting.

I emphasized the father’s part, I do want to have this disownment problem solved slowly.! And, I also don’t forget to persuade him indirectly.

I wonder if he noticed my intent…? Chief. No, Abil nods with his thanks.

「As your will! I swear upon this name, my loyalty to Rimuru-sama!

I shall never forget any moment of this!!」(Abil)

So, he says and nods with great vigor, he then departed from this place.

I passed a wink over to the waiting Rigur to have him guide Abil towards Gabil’s residence.

Rigur nodded and left with Abil.

By the way, it was certain that Abil will evolve into Dragonewt.

The name bestowed quite a large amount of Divine Protection onto him and cost a bit of power, but it’s still a problem that i’m naming people thoughtlessly.

Above all I don’t have intention to do that. Please excuse me from a death march. [7]

This time, naming the Head was a form of gratitude for Gabil’s efforts, but in the future I must control my tendencies to name people.

Continuing after Abil was Clan Heads of the High Orc, They had come to offer their greetings with only a few people as escort.

They didn’t bring any guards with them, maybe because they trust me fairly highly.

The several people they did bring were their child and grandchildren.

Naturally, their food situation were improved, their lifestyle also improved.

Above all, the children were born, and that every child was born as a High Orc. Because of that they felt a great level of astonishment and joy, they wanted to report it to me directly.

I thought to myself that it would only be natural that their children would become High Orcs, but I was told that it was actually exceptionally rare.

As it would turn out, the birth of a variant would normally be limited to a single generation. With their birth rates now decreased, they could now focus on child care and development.

As the future working force, I instructed them to raise the children with great care.

A child was a treasure. Even in a different world, this still remain as an unchanging truth.

I had been worried about how they would manage, but it would seem bestowing names onto each of them turned out to be the right decision.

I had wondered it might have gotten complicated for them to use the names that I gave them, but it seems that using their names came naturally to them.

I’m glad. Oh well, they might not get used to it. But after awhile, they will get used to be called with that name.

Since they originally got along just fine without any names at all without problems, I was probably just worrying too much.

As the last member that composed the Great Jura Forest Alliance.

The Treants[8] also came to offer their greetings.

Well, I say the Treants, but since they can’t move, the one that came was actually the Dryad’s[9] Trainee-san from before.

As usual, I sense a large pool of magical power.

「It’s been a long time, Rimuru-sama.

Our congratulations for your ascension to a Demon Lord.」 (Trainee-san)

Without any hesitation, she offered her greetings.

I was also helped by her in the past, so I owe her and the Treants quite a bit.

From there we ended up discussing our mutual relationship.

As for now, it seems there wasn’t any immediate problem, but it seemed that moving was troublesome for her.

Actually, before me Trainee-san’s body become rather thin.

「Well, this and that.....

Until the Fairy Queen has completed her reincarnation, we had to remain behind.

Since we couldn’t move freely, we can only manage this much…」(Trainee-san)

Did... she just say something interesting....?

Fairy Queen...... No.......she doesn’t mean......

That Chibikko[10] was such an outrageous person....

In my mind, I can only remember Ramiris’s innocent smiling face.

「Eh, really? The Fairy Queen you say? Do you know the name?」(Rimuru)

「Yes, it‘s the Great Ramiris-sama.

Several thousand years ago, it was she who arbitrated with evil people, and after that her appearance vanished............」 (Trainee-san)

I want to pretend I don’t hear anything.

The Ramiris in my mind and the Ramiris in Trainee-san’s image were absolutely not match. I’m certain of that.

However…… It seems that she was always waiting for her return.

She must never think that the Fairy Queen had becomes one of the Demon Lords....

Should I let her know and then recruit them as my subordinates?

「Umm...... I may have a clue about such person, but.......」 (Rimuru)

「EEEH!? Is that... is that true!?」 (Trainee-san)

She reacted with earth-shattering power after hearing my words.

Let’s just introduce her. If she saw that Chibikko, she might get disillusioned. Though, I never expect that Ramiris was actually someone important.

I will not be discouraged.

Resolving my will, I decided to let Traynee-san meet Ramiris.

The result.

The Impressed Trainee-san weeps greatly.

SERIOUSLY? Ramiris was the reincarnated (?) form of THE Fairy Queen.....

「Ah, that unchanging beauty, the elegant appearance......」(Trainee-san)

Trainee-san was admiring while choking because of the tears of gratitude.

Who do you said that again? I don’t really understand.

Especially, the elegant part... Even if you search Ramiris from top to bottom you would found NOTHING that match with the description.......

「You heard that!? Hey, you heard just a moment ago, right?! You, just get a better opinion of me, right?」(Ramiris)

Proudly, Ramiris came over and began boasting towards me.

Annoyingly.

She flying and buzzing around me.

「How~dat!」(Ramiris)

Such feeling, she really overjoyed.

Oh well, I don’t care.

To meet with comrade by chance was a happy event.

By the way, to had joyous reunion was just the first part, so I spoke once again

「Anyway, how about moving into Ramiris’s labyrinth?

You see, since that place is near Tempest and it was also Ramiris’s territory, you know?」(Rimuru)

「Ah! That’s might be good...

The floor can be enlarged easily, there are also a lot of empty floor, there also a JungleForest floor too!」(Ramiris)

Ramiris agreed with my proposal.

After all, inside the labyrinth Ramiris’s subordinates will be immortal. Since they will end up serving their original role, I decided to make such a suggestion.

「However..... As a someone who lives in Jura Forest, shouldn’t’ we will be affiliated under Rimuru-sama......?」 (Trainee-san)

Trainee-san was seriously worried about that.

The actual place, when I gave Ramiris the permission to establish the labyrinth, I also granted her extraterritorial rights on that place.

The Inside of the labyrinth was under both of my and Ramiris’s control, it was a special area under the administration of a joint sovereignty.[11]

As I explaining that and I also added that for now immigration wouldn’t be an issue.

Although Trainee-san was hesitating, she quickly recovered and decided to consult about this matter with the Treant elders.

After that, she returned using teleportation.

As expected of someone with the ability to manipulate the magic power of nature, she had quite the convenient skill.

Although it looked like spatial transfer, its invocation was quick.

But if I use my analysis ability, I would probably be able to learn it soon.

After three days, the consultation between the elders had been completed smoothly and Trainee-san once again came.

She then immediately requested for an audience, and the first thing she spoke was,

「We, the Treant and Dryad, would like to relocate under the protection of Ramiris-sama.

Can you give us your approval, Rimuru-sama?」 (Trainee-san)

Her request was stated as so.

Naturally, I gave out my approval to her.

「Thank you very much!」(Trainee-san)

After I gave my consent, Trainee-san was elated.

However, there was one problem, how on Earth were they going to relocate the gigantic trees? That was the question.

However, even so the solution was unexpectedly easy.

Ramiris will opened the labyrinth door over there, and transfer them as they were to the Labyrinth.

Because, I don’t think that the Treants could relocate by themselves.

However, since Ramiris’ subordinates will be increasing, then it could lead the labyrinth inside to become stabilized in the coming weeks.

The increased control of the magic power and air management will make running the Labyrinth remarkably easier.

And, although the numbers of the Dryad was only a few, they were suited as the guides inside the labyrinth.

The 95th floor was established as the residence of the Treants to reside, they could replace Ramiris and Veldora to establishing that floor

Thus it will become a floorstage of overgrown greeneries.

That floor had the widest area, with a diameter of 5 km.

And, around the door that lead to the 96th floor was the last Record SiteSave Point[12] and there would also establishment like Inn and etc before the boss.

They could also open a business like Equipment Shop that offered high quality weapons and armors in their storefront, which can only be found and purchased here.

But since the customers visiting will be very rare, I don’t doubt that opening the shop will just be a hobby.

Surrounding the area was the completed Treant’s Village.

Thanks to the thick magical power concentration, everyone could live vividly,

I also got the agreement of the Dryads to help with the management of the Labyrinth. Rather, it was the other party that wished to be useful.

I believe I have secured a group of loyal and cooperative workers.

Later on, on that Floor, one forest-type city will be founded.

A city that confer solace, for those who suffered many struggles to penetrate the Jungle.

It was known as the “Labyrinth City”, the flourishing Metropolis of Illusions.

A town that won't grant its blessing to anyone except for those who could successfully reach it.

However..... That was still a story in the future, which even for my current self couldn’t imagine happening.



　−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−

After that, the second group of those who observing me.

Those people were people of high-ranking race from Great Jura Forest.

As for the breakdown, they were the representative from Tengu[13], Gozu[14], and Mezu[15] Race.



The Tengu reside in the mountain range near where the High Orc mountain clan settled. Furthermore, they had established their village before the gate to some other realm on an inaccessible mountain summit.

Although it was once believed that there could be no one capable of inhabiting that place, it seems that those of high ranking races aren’t bothered so much by such environments.

As the representative of their elder, the granddaughter, a youthful girl named Momiji, came baring their greetings.

Though the male’s nose was long just like their name[16], the females of the species have normal ones as it would turn out.

What stands out was that their skin color is rather reddish.. or perhaps that the male’s noses aren’t as long as I thought they would be. Well, I suppose if it was too long, it would become an inconvenience, so perhaps this is to be expected.

However..... this race. Their pride was surprisingly high.

The very first thing that she said to me was,

「Hmph. To think that there would come an age where we would come to be ruled over by a lowly slime. How amusing.

So amusing, I can’t laugh at it.... Oh well, what’s done is done.

We will give our recognition of your rule over this forest. However, we won’t tolerate if you meddle in our affairs.」(Momiji)

So, she declared in front of the department heads.

Twitching, Shion was started to burst out. But, the surprising thing was she able to restrain herself.

Whatever things that were changing inside that girl’s mind, she won’t lose herself in rage over these small matters.

Although it was a good tendency, it was..... Somewhat eerie at the same time.

However, it may be accumulated and exploded.

I stopped looking at the changes on Shion behavior.

「I see, I can come to an understanding of the Tengu’s intentions.

On the matter of not interfering with your affairs, we will also won’t send any assistance to you either. Is this arrangement fine with you?」(Benimaru)

Benimaru, taking the role of the representative asks her.

As for what had been said, if you didn’t want to accept being ruled by Demon Lord, then you won’t be ruled. If it was another Demon Lord, s/he may annihilated people who shown disrespect behavior.

But, I was generous and didn’t care about such thing.

Or rather...... it was quite troublesome.

Moreover, I already told everyone to do what they think will be best for the race that gives such reaction.

When Benimaru received those words, he was only reconfirming it.

「Yes, that’s fine.」(Momiji)

As such, when she gave her answer, I offered a nod.

And then, Benimaru takeover the conversation.

「I see. Then, let’s go with the nonintervention with each other.

However, please acknowledge the privilege of the High Orc that settles down upon the mountain.

Do you also want to perform trade agreement like food or other goods?」(Benimaru)

「That’s true. The mountain’s blessings are not within our right to claim.

For things like mineral ores, it is practically things that are useless for us.

Regarding the High Orcs that have settled upon the mountains, we will just leave them alone.

We just didn’t want other party interfere with our affairs.

So long as we will not be called for any military purpose, then it will be fine.」(Momiji)

「We understand. There is no problem about this agreement. As for the military, you will not need to be concerned about it.

I think that it’s more preferable for the military to use volunteer system.

This talk ends here.

Well then, since you have had to trouble yourself to come to this country from far away, why don’t you rest before you return?

Oh yes, the warrior of this country had planned to hold a tournament.

It’s an exhibition, or perhaps I should say an entertainment. I think that this is a spectacle that will be rarely seen.

I’m certain, that you will be enjoying this.」(Benimaru)

The conversation ended on such a note.

I haven’t heard about military voluntary system, I became a little surprised and also impressed.

For forming a desirable friendly relationship, because she had troubling herself to came here, and then sees the tournament. I think she will return after enjoying herself in this country.

But, the granddaughter of the Tengu’s elder, Momiji was,

「Fufu. I want to see what kind of level the subordinate of the slime.

Anyway, I think that it was just a good strike of luck for it to become a Demon Lord, right? [17]」(Momiji)

She impudently declared such words, and then immediately departs.

But, to directly declaring her own intention and asking me to agree with her, her personality must not a meek one.

After Momiji had left,

「Though I endured it, isn’t that too much?」(Shion)

So Shion starts speaking.

「Indeed. I'm also a bit irritated.」(Benimaru)

Even Benimaru too.

Well, maybe it because she belongs to a High Race, that can be classified as Rank A.

Certainly, they were powerful. Even if they want to have nonintervention, there was no need for them to be unreasonably deprecating themselves.

So, that was I had thought,

「What sort of behavior was that? It was not as if we had asked them to become a subordinate, what was with such unchecked hostility?

Or rather, I thought that it would be better for them to hand over the claim on the Mountain.

It isn’t like we can honestly afford to stop harvesting the various resources of the mountain. If we were to ever expand our interests there and it causes trouble, certainly that could end up being a casus belli for war.

If the other side was not an equal, shouldn’t they need to be worried about the other party had done and match their behavior to match the situation, right?」

I want to admonish those two carefree couple.

The problem was about the rights for mining. Oh well, in the first place it’s not about who owns the mountain.

Now, I’m going to officially proclaim and made myself well-known, thus if there were any races that were objecting to my rule or my person, they will obviously show their hostility in the behavior.

Well, nonintervention was good.

Although I could easily crushed them, as much as possible I want to foster good relationship with them.

Responding the more or less impertinent conduct, let’s just close one eye at that.[18]

Continuing after that were two races.

These were the Gozu and Mezu.

Both races were on bad terms with each other, from what I’ve heard they have continuing their war for 100 years.

Even so, they came together even if they oppose each other.

The atmosphere was so tight that it felt as if the two representatives would break out into a fight at any moment. Though for the time being they restrained themselves while in my presence.

And,

「Yo, Demon Lord-sama. We, Gozu are useful in war, you know?

Will you lend your help destroying the poor Mezu?」(Gozu Representative)

「Hmph, Don’t be stupid! As the Demon Lord have a sharp eye.

There’s no need to hesitate, form an alliance with us the Mezu.

Let alone Gozu, we will massacre all monster that dare to disobey!」 (Mezu Representative)

What a troublesome bunches rather than passionate, that had come here.

However. In the moment when I saw those fellows, an idea flashed inside my mind.

That’s right! Speaking about labyrinth, it must have Minotaur!

Such thing like, weren’t the Gozu really suitable as boss character?

I want them. I want them by all means, as a boss unit, I want to leave them around 30th floor.

Such feelings continued to pour out after my initial idea.

However, on the contrary of such feelings, these monsters were having low loyalty towards me.

A good employer was able to do these kinds of things.

And, it was really obvious, that their ulterior motive was using me to destroy the other.

I winked at Shion.

Shion was going like “Eh? Is it okay?” After she showed such expression, immediately a wicked smile began to sprout on her face. .......

「YOU ALL are in the presence of my king, THERE IS A LIMIT FOR DISRESPECT!

If you all do not give appropriate courtesy, you had BEST PREPARE YOURSELVES TO RECEIVE SUITABLE TREATMENT.」

To summarize what happened, both of them were beaten up viciously.

It didn’t take even one minute.

Both of their clan youngsters that they had taken with them had no time to interfere. It was a very quick work.

With a single glare, the subordinates of the two were silenced, Shion then bowed to me.

With this, all was fine.

These fellows were different from the Tengu before, I could use them.

Or rather, I could use them without any reservation.

In the first place, in their 100 years war they were repeatedly looting each other, yup, an annoying and troublesome duo of races.

Actually, in case of their fighting strength, they might above the Ogre[19].

In simple combat, either one of them could be called the strongest race in the Great Jura Forest. I don’t know just how many of them could qualify for rank A though.

However, that racial-conflict that has been raging n for 100 years has been constantly causing trouble for the surroundings.

Before the other race raised their complaint, I think it was not a problem to give them punishment.

「You guys seem to have plenty of excess power, so I will prepare the stage for you guys to mettle it out.

If you oppose, what await you guys is only destruction.

However, if you manage to achieve victory, it would be useful as appeal to me, think about this well.

At best, you should strive yourself for victory with your utmost effort.」(Rimuru)

I declared exaggeratedly while not permitting them to raise any objection.

At the same time, I erased my presence while at the same time released the entire of『Demon Lord’s Haki』with the intent to slightly intimidating them.

Perceiving such presence, the Gozu and Mezu fall prostrating.

They begin to trembling and shaking, there wasn’t the slightest hint of the insolent attitude that they had earlier.

Eh? Should I emitted『Demon Lord’s Haki』from the beginning.......

No, there’s no need to be excessive. Besides, I’m fairly certain it was more effective if it was emitted at the right time.

Anyway, I will make these two people participate in the Tournament.

And then, suitably, I put them to work at the labyrinth.

In my head, there was only joy because I obtained such good Boss materials.

『We will strive with all our hearts to meet your expectations! Therefore, we beg you for your forgiveness for our rudeness!!』(The Duo | Gozu and Mezu)

So it turned out like that, though I didn’t pay any attention to the two and their frantic, pleading voices.

Those two poor subordinates left with pale face, the other races outside could only guess wildly as to what event had transpired.

After that, the other audiences progressed smoothly.

Though there several selfish races, there weren’t any of them that pushed their luck too far like what the Gozu and Mezu had done.

With such feeling, I end the audience with me.......

But, the people who were having the last audience were bringing a problem.





Chapter 103: Monster Slave


The reactions of those who feel fear are difficult.

Those who were frightened have yet to calm themselves since the audiences had begun.

Both the Gozus and Mezus were threatened into silence with the ‘Demon Lord’s Haki’, though this seemed to have a rather intense effect on the weaker races outside.

Those were the ones that had felt a sense of fear in response to my rather cute outer appearance.

Were those guys really scared of such a little amount of power.

Well, a majority of them managed to calm themselves as we discussed the interexchange of technology and established territorial cooperation, thus we will be able to establish suitable contact without them growing more frightened.

But, here is where our troubles began.

The last audience was with the elves, who, had a complaint to file to me…

The ones who came to the discussion were a number of their elders, though specifically there was a disappointing lack in the female elf variety.

To begin with, the elf race is generally well known for their unusual longevity.

As they are said to be the descendents of forest fairies, they have an average lifespan of between five hundred and eight hundred years.

There are even those who are suggested to have lived even far longer, coming closer to a fairy-like existence.

Their bodies mature into adulthood at the age of 20, similar to the human race, yet stop aging beyond that point.

For humans who age constantly until their death, they are a race to envy.

That is the reason why, even if they were called the elven elders, they still have extremely youthful appearances.

They start aging rapidly when they begin to draw towards their deaths, and after roughly twenty or thirty years after the aging process begins, they face the risk of senility, just as elderly humans.

Due to their age, they have a tendency to not readily seek to give birth, nor do they have the most fertile bodies. Due to such reasons, their numbers remain quite small.

I had already known this beforehand, though I was also informed, validating my past knowledge, that because they live so long, their specific village limits the number of offspring that are allowed. This seems to be a rather important aspect of their society.

At any rate, the elves are the descendants of a hybrid mutation of a pixie and fairy. As it stands, they are rather similar to the dwarf race as both have fairy blood in them. Though the two races naturally do not get along with one another for various reasons.

The interactions between the fairies of the long forgotten past and other races had led to the cultivation of their ancestors.

I simply cannot judge what happened back then. I don’t even know if it is possible for a fairy to sire a child of their own.

On top of that, the only fairy I really know currently is Ramiris… Honestly, it isn’t a good first impression to a race, but I’ll keep my mind open to improvements.

From what I did gather from Ramiris out of curiosity, she couldn’t remember much about her kin no matter how much she tried to look back. It would seem that she had undergone a repeated reincarnation.

I recalled such things as I continued to listen to the elder’s suit.

The elders had begun with a bow in formality.

(Elven Elder 1)

“It is a fine honor to be able to meet you.

Surely, today is one fit for celebration and…. forgive me, but might you listen to our rather selfish suit?”

After this, we ended up entering the discussion over the main topic.

In brief, the elder went on to explain that a number of their villagers had been kidnapped. They were requesting our cooperation to rescue them as it were.

As they were extremely desperate in their attempts to appeal to me, I was rather convinced that they weren’t lying about the situation. Honestly though, choosing a word other than suit might have been a better idea for this specific situation.

We listened to their plight in detail.

From the start, the elves were under the protection of a rather powerful illusion type barrier that would distort one’s very sense of direction, thus preventing most intruders from approaching their settlement.

Since they had lived long lives, their most masterful members had created this barrier to protect them against outside threats. Since their appearances are always extremely attractive, they are also the targets of greedy human slavers.

However, their troubles began to occur around three hundred years ago, when the master who had created the barrier had wedded into a foreign nation and left the village.

It would seem that a rather heretical and youthful individual of their community wanted to prove their still budding abilities and wished to close the gap between himself and the former master. In the end, he had disrupted the barrier and made living under the barrier’s protection rather difficult.

This occurred roughly one hundred years ago, just as the war between the Mezu and Gozu had just begun to heat up.

In other words, they just had rather bad luck in the matter.

Thus, due to the distortion effects causing problems, living within the hidden village had become rather difficult.

They were forced to begin looking into moving their village, though, due to the vastness of the Great Jura Forest, finding a new location to establish their village was proving rather difficult.

In the meantime, the number of magic beast attacks had become far more frequent recently, and by this time the maintenance of the barrier had all but ceased.

It seems that they had decided to move their settlement closer to human settlements for security.

In the end… this turned out to be the cause of a worst case scenario as they found themselves attacked by slavers.

Monster slaves are prohibited in most human Kingdoms. So while Elves may be one of the species of demi-human considered closest to humankind, they are still treated as if they were monsters. Different from humans, less than humans.

In the case of neighboring kingdoms, rather than enforcing such laws, there’s often bribery involved in many levels of government.

They had attempted a desperate resistance, however, the hunters had extensive experience in such matters. Thus, in the end, the result led to many of their youths being captured.

That’s what happened in a nutshell.

(Rimuru)

“Hmmmm, is this something that has happened within a day or so? Perhaps there is something that can be done if those responsible are still close by or even still in the forest. If several days have already passed, then it might very well be a hopeless endeavor….”

What I wanted to achieve by asking this was to confirm the most important detail.

Then…

(Elven Elder 2)

“Right after the large-scale surprise attack on our people, we had received word of a Demon Lord’s enthronement. Not only that, but one who was recognized by the Great Demon Lords at their banquet.

Since then, we have decided that it must have been the will of the heavens for us to hold out for as long as we have, to beg for the protection and aid from the Demon Lord who would come.

We understand how difficult this would be, but, we can only hope to ignore our pride and… shamelessly as for your help…”

(Rimuru)

“I see…”

So, basically, right after the surprise attack that had devastated their people, the news of a recognized Demon Lord’s enthronement had come to them.

They had fallen so deep into despair with almost all of their options and hopes exhausted. Thus, in the end, discovering a Demon Lord in rulership of their forest had become their last hope.

However…. this wouldn’t be some divine test to challenge my love for elves… would it?

In other words, a fight is being picked with me… After all this trouble, we can finally have elves opening shops within my country!?

A sudden, somewhat dark thought enveloped my mind in secret, and thus I plotted.

Unforgivable, these humans who dared to enslave the elves must never be allowed forgiveness. I won’t allow such behavior!

Though, I do wonder just how many of them would seriously work for my cause after this is all said in done. It wouldn’t be worth all the effort if I didn’t receive anything…

(Rimuru)

“Alright.

As for your request, I will grant you my aid.

I pray for the arrival of our collaboration’s destined success in the near future. Let us commence the rescue mission at once.”

I had given them my promise and allowed them to take a rest. They have been on the run in total desperation to reach here for quite some time now.

Their village was no longer suitable for habitation and abandoned, and the new village they had attempted to build was lost. Since this was the case, the survivors from the attack had all come here.

In the end, they had bid their lives from before farewell as they had feared the rest of them would also fall victim to slavers and caught.

The number of individuals I could bring with me in a hunting party would be rather limited, and it would seem that the hunters withdrew the moment they completed their first raid.

I called Souei to begin an investigation on the elven village that had been attacked. If any information were to be found, it would be there.

Currently, Souei and the others are currently launching their investigation.

(Rimuru)

“If by any chance you were to come about some of the hunters, or if they return, capture them alive. We’ll make them… share… the information about their inner workings. I want to collapse their little ring for good if I can get the chance.”

(Souei)

“By your will!”

Souei swiftly departed to enact my orders.

Hmmm…. this will do just fine.

Afterwards, I contacted Myormiles to ask if he knew anything in regards to monster slaves.

With this, the meeting with the elves had more or less ended, leaving me to my own research into… various matters.

For the sake of my dreams to become the owner of ‘Elven Shops’, there will be no limit to how far I will go. This is no time to rest, I must find them at all costs!

————————————-

I had set off immediately towards Myormiles. I had hesitated in having him come to me since he was currently busy with my other orders, so I decided it would be best to go and speak with him in person.

Well… that was part of it anyways…

I wanted to get out of there before they began to decorate me, put a tangerine over my head, and treat me like a figurine. Thus, I was able to escape from that altar…

Truthfully, even though the Labyrinth project is very near and dear to my heart, if I have one… the elven shop is something even more important.

The main priority that should be on everyone’s minds right now is the immediate liberation of the elf captives.

With my mind made up, myself and several others made haste towards Myormile’s workplace.

(Myormiles)

“My my, if it isn’t Rimuru-sama!

My apologies, it’s rather busy here, perhaps would you prefer to speak somewhere else?”

(Rimuru)

“Hmm, indeed, it’s hard work, Myormiles-san.

I had to greet so many people as the head of this town.

Well, I suppose it feels like my only job these days anyways.”

(Myormiles)

“Ha ha hah, is that right.

Well, what might bring you to this humble man today, Rimuru-sama?”

Hmmm, even though he’s become rather busy, he’s still willing and able to spare some time for me.

Quite an able person if I were to say so.

We moved to a different location and spent some time discussing various things, including the main reason for my being there.

I asked him about what he knows regarding monster slavery over some fine imported red tea.

After our chat, I managed to gain a rough understanding of the current situation.

What I previously didn’t know is that there was a single organization behind this entire matter. It was known as ‘Cerberus’.

I suppose if there were organizations such as the Freedom Association, of course there would be such organizations as this as well…

In such groups as the Freedom Association, there are taxes one pays when someone claims their rewards for missions or quests. On the other hand, if you are part of a secret organization, you wouldn’t have to pay any taxes on your gains.

Naturally, the contents of such work are illegal.

However, since this is vital work for the sake of the world’s evil, there will be jobs that must never come to light for the continuation of society’s function.

When it comes to such things, there are many who utilize such methods. Especially amongst the nobles who don’t wish to dirty their own hands with such messy things, the secret organization Cerberus is quite useful for them.

Therefore, through a solid understanding between the various people who run society, such secret associations are allowed to exist.

The three heads of the Cerberus association are known as [Wealth], [Women], and [Power].

The individuals who govern these three aspects of life are called ‘The Big Three’.

Myormiles also mentioned that apart from Cerberus, there wouldn’t be another organization that would be capable of conducting large scale monster slavery.

It’s unlikely for the black-market to spread its wings too far.

In short, the jobs performed by Cerberus are always backed by nobles or major powers, it is certainly not some simple thing you’d be able to find in a backstreet.

Back to back, from simplicity to complexity, Cerberus is an organization that actually has a fine set of rules.

(Myormiles)

“But danna, even though they cannot be compared to the Freedom Association in terms of size, they still have a large amount of influence. They are a large association that controls a large amount of wealth.

Thanks to that, it would be difficult to face them with the strength of a single country. Business wise, we also performed several transactions together, but we follow the rules. From legal work to illegal ones.

They would undertake any job of any form so long as it held benefits to them.

This was mentioned amongst other things.

Slavery wise, even amongst Cerberus, human slavery was still outright illegal.

Even though the individuals involved this time are monsters, they are also regarded as demi-humans. Thus, they’re found in a grey zone between legal and illegal within the underground world.

(Rimuru)

“Well, I’ve gotten a general picture now.

If one were to have a transaction with elves as the goods, if it weren’t such an organization, it probably wouldn’t even be possible.

If they weren’t decently armed, it probably wouldn’t have even been possible for them to have captured the elves….”

Saying this outloud I grumbled…

(Myormiles)

“Eh?

When you were talking about monsters slaves, you had mentioned elves right?

Now that I really think about it… recently, I’ve heard rumors about a group of elven slaves…”

When Myormiles said that, I also recalled something.

The elf race had been in decline for centuries, at present there probably aren’t more than a hundred of them left.

There couldn’t possibly any willing elven slaves around.

They’re probably all related if I can find them.

(Rimuru)

“Can you please tell me the full details Myormiles-san?”

Unexpectedly, I seem to have managed to obtain information that would help us resolve this incident from an unexpected source.

The information seemed to be about some Viscount.

The name rang a bell, though I wasn’t certain if it would be that convenient to have met him like that so I dismissed the feeling.

That was until Myormiles himself mentioned that the two were on in the same.

(Myormiles)

“It seems that you probably remember him.

That’s right, it was the same individual who had been talking with me when you had entered my store last time. He was trying to get me to support a business venture with elvish slaves as the managers.”

Hah… I see, so it was that guy.

I had forgotten about him completely, however, Wisdom King Rafael had brought up that person as he fit the profile. Then when Myormiles mentioned him, Rafael brought up an image into my head.

Now that I see him, he reeks of suspiciousness.

Now then, the next thing to do is…

(Rimuru)

“This guy… Since he’s taken people from my territory, can’t this be easily used as a casus belli?

Usually if someone were to have the gall to abduct citizens from another country, I’d see it as more or less declaring war on them.”

Just as a precaution, I decided it would be safe to ask Myormiles.

(Myormiles)

“Hmm?

A… ah… I suppose that’s how it is…

According to a treaty that was signed and agreed upon between a majority of countries, if the residents of a country were to be abducted and or held against their will, it would not be strange for it to lead to a war starting over it.

In order to avoid this kind of situation, slavery ended up becoming prohibited.

However… to actually state that the elves are citizens of Tempest… wouldn’t that be rather difficult?”

(Rimuru)

“Eh?”

(Myormiles)

“……Eh?”

(Rimuru)

“Why would that be?”

(Myormiles)

“No… why?

Even if you were to ask me…

I suppose it’s to say that if they don’t live in your town directly, then wouldn’t they be exempted from the rights of Jura Forest..?”

Hmmm…? Isn’t this rather different than what is the case?

While the whole of Jura Forest had become my territory, there shouldn’t be any doubt about all species falling under my jurisdiction…

Even if the species were to be similar to the Tengu who had insisted on a non-interference pact, I still should have more than enough say towards what people can do to people who fall under my sphere of influence.

I allow them all to live within my territory, and I allow the existence of non-interference with them. Even if I were to not be interfering with them, I will not acknowledge the influence or interference of other nations, even to such groups.

One does not simply accept the divine prestige of a Demon Lord, it is a simple fact.

(Rimuru)

“Myormiles-san, The Great Jura Forest in its entirety was granted as my demesne, thus I should fully have the capability to voice my complaints should someone be attempting to mess with the peoples within it, yes?”

(Myormiles)

“…..hah?”

(Rimuru)

“No, I’ve already decided to claim it as my territory as well, so, should the invitations that were sent out also just double as a revealment of the country?”

(Myormiles)

“… Eh…..?

These invitations are for the sake of unveiling the approved monster’s country…?

And… this fight tournament will also be used… to announce the news that a Demon Lord reigns over such a nation…?”

Apparently… there seems to be some sort of fundamental misunderstanding between us.

By any chance… does he perhaps not know? That the whole forest was decided to be my territory..?

(Rimuru)

“Myormiles-san…. ….

I’d like to confirm something with you… Are you not aware that my official appointment as a Demon Lord at the banquet also granted me territory… and that such territory would consist of the whole of the Great Jura Forest…?”

Realizing the sheer size of the territory that I reigned over, Myormiles was at a complete loss for words.

He had a black expression s if he was no longer capable of processing the information.

Hah? But…. there aren’t any words coming out… To think he would be shocked to this extent…

I simply thought he already knew about this…

I was convinced that he already knew about that, my bad.

Come to think about it, I probably haven’t even properly explained how I now govern the entire forest.

Suddenly Myormiles managed to process the information.

(Myormiles)

“HAAAAAHHHHH? The entire forest!?

The entire… Great Jura Forest…

What!?

Rimuru-danna.. I … eh… you were admitted such a large domain?!”

His speech has become rather chaotic.

How unfortunate, I suppose he might almost feel tricked in some way.

Well, there are many terrible things in this world, this will probably be the most benign of them.

However, I’d like to wait before working with it all. Working with just a bit of territory is easy, but working with such a large amount can be troublesome.

Well, it’s mostly because I wanted a very easy life that I recruited him to help.

So what’s wrong with the current situation, it’s the fault of those who accepted without finding out all of the details.

Once the management of the tournament is over this time around, it may very well be good bye.

Of course such a thing will probably not be allowed.

Besides, there will be no problem with leaving the whole thing to him in the future as well.

Regarding this, we’re of equal status regarding this current instance, so let’s just laugh it off. Forgive and forget.

Right old Myormiles-san?

(Myormiles)

“Eh… why do you have such a happy air around you…

What was that about equal status that you had mentioned earlier!?

Wait… doesn’t this mean that I’m being left cheated one-sidedly!?

I mean, there’s no way I could be satisfied with my current job content!!!”

(Rimuru)

“What’s with that, there isn’t any problem here is there?”

(Myormiles)

“Well, rather, you’re certainly not going to end up entrusting it all to me right…

It… it can’t be… the development of the Great Jura Forest… you aren’t leaving it all to me… right…?”

(Rimuru)

“Ah hah hah hah, why you!

Well, we’re getting ahead of ourselves here.

What’s important right now are the elves!

He looked as if he was trying to refute something, but gave it up in the end. Rather than that, what’s important right now are the elves.

As if he snapped out of his shock, Myormiles had a serious expression once more.

He had a faster mental recovery speed than I thought he would. Well, either that or he might have just decided to simply give up……

Things advanced quickly from that point.

Since he might be here for a just reason, I will question Viscount Cossack thoroughly.

And so I proposed,

(Rimuru)

“No, even if arrest that small fry, there’s no point in doing so.

They’re bound to cut their losses so it’s still too early for the king to move at this point.”

I had proposed such.

I’m certain, there’s a mutual assistance pact that had been signed and put into law, so the Burmund kingdom should be in a position to deal with their errant nobles this time around.

Rather than directly confronting them, it might be too early to start forming countermeasures.

(Rimuru)

“That might be better. By the way, I have never met the king, what should I do?”

Myormiles nodded profusely, I leave it to you! Well, I’m the one negotiating contracts.

Thus, we have decided to initiate this plan immediately.

Thus, I brought along Myormiles and headed towards the Burmund kingdom with “Spatial transfer gate creation”.

This is due to the influence of spatial abilities, distortion cracks started appearing in front of me.

You’re able to move between multiple locations, it’s the upgraded version of “spatial transfer”.

After deciding a destination, I can move there in an instant. Because I can bring along others, it is convenient, but consumers a long of magical energy.

Thinking about it in common sense, manipulating space-time would naturally cost quite a fair bit of energy.

Though, to me this is no big deal.

Since there is no excessive wasted time when transferring, I was able to move quickly.

Myormiles was scared stiff at first, however we went through the gate unexpectedly smoothly.

As expected, it is a large structure.

Maybe it’s because I’m beginning to understand the way demon lords think, nothing seems to faze me anymore.

At Myormiles’s house, I was waiting for the other party to make contact.

After sending Myormiles to the royal capital, we had requested an audience with the king.

However it would take some time so he told me to wait in the halls.

But before even 3 hours had passed, a horse carriage arrived smoothly.

Myormiles had been successful and came to pick me up.

(Myormiles)

“As expected, it went smoothly.

I’m glad that I mentioned Rimuru sama’s name when I was requesting an audience.

Permission was granted immediately.

Since we have discussed the situation, today Viscount Cossack will also be coming along for this meeting”

They had handled me far more carefully than I thought they would.

After being informed how important the arriving guest is, perhaps they were just acting accordingly.

Well, intelligence is the lifeline of the weak, it’s how they survive amongst the strong. So maybe they were driven by the thought of what would happen if they mishandled the situation.

Well with Fuze in the area, they performed well.

We arrived at the Royal Capital, and entered the wide halls.

In there simple seating, tea, snacks and whatnots had been prepared.

The plump person sitting on one of the seats stood up and came to greet us, and arriving behind happened to be a friend of Fuze Baron Baruyado.

I would assume, that this chubby uncle here is probably the king of this country.

(King Burud)

“Nice to meet you, I am the king of this country,

Burud von Burumdo.

It is a pleasure to meet you, King of Monsters. No, Member of the Eight Star Demon Lords, High Demon Lord Rimuru-dono.”

He spoke to me with a friendly tone, I was surprised.

I mean, did the king just come to greet me before anyone else? No, this is probably because I’m also a recognised King.

(Rimuru)

“Nice to meet you, I am Rimuru Tempest. I have became a demon lord, but can we still continue our agreement?”

(King Burud)

“Of course. We were about to ask you the same thing.

We were unaware about this, and have seem to cause you inconvenience, I am grateful for you humbleness.

By all means, please punish this one. As for any compensation for damages……”

(Rimuru)

“No no, don’t worry yourself over such things.

There’s no need for any reparations if the troubles are all resolved in the end.

I would like us to continue being good acquaintances out of the best interests of our peoples.”

(King Burud)

“Oh! Having you say this is truly helpful, certainly one worthy of such power and prestige such as yourself.”

It was a docile face, but as soon as he smiled there was an excessive annoying feel to it.

While I’m rather uncertain if he would have even paid anything, there is no real doubt that this large uncle is a rather sly character.

However, I wonder why. He’s a strangely lovable uncle.

During our conversation, the two that came along were brought forth.

One of them was the character in question, Count Cossack himself.

Like how I seen him previously, he wore a few good quality clothing.

He was surrounded by the royal guards, unable to comprehend what’s going on.

The other was a gentleman in full black. His attire was a black Chinese-style suit,with gold embroideries, depicting 3 tiger heads.

When they said Cerberus, I was sure it would turn out to be the three-headed canine gatekeeper of hell. Though, I wonder if there is any difference here…

From my point of view, this person is likely an executive of Cerberus, with an similar unwavering expression to me, and also the similar dignity of a king.

The soldiers only surrounded him, but they didn’t dare meddle with him.

This is probably because he had an atmosphere that separates him from an ordinary human.

(Viscount Cossack)

“Ki-king! What business do you have calling me this time?

I-I, didn’t do anything guilty!”

Suddenly Viscount Cossack shouted out in distress.

However, he was interrupted, and Baron Baruyado explained.

While explaining, his face turned from blue to pale white.

(Viscount Cossack)

“Im… impossible! Is that a monster? Even if you’re dealing with a lesser monster, I’m a noble……”

Headache… I have thus been offended… not hurting this guy seems like it is going to cause an even greater headache though…

However, I endured. For the sake of the words I had spoken earlier.

If it wasn’t for that promise things would have gotten dangerous.

Though, the King had surprisingly let loose a surge of rage, if a person was weak they might have even ended up dead.

Probably concerned about my temper in this situation…

(King Burud)

“You may silence yourself!

By This highness’s decree in regards to this issue, we shall formally decide upon the full dissolution of the Cossack household.

Regarding the former Viscount Cossack’s deportation, we’ll accept any formal objection.

There’s more than enough evidence here, so it would be useless to complain.

To continue, the former Viscount will be detained for the entire duration of his trial. Your accommodations shall be that of a dungeon.

Guards, remove them, this matter is closed.”

Just as he said that, both characters had been taken back out just as fast as they had come.

Bringing along with him naught but little things.

His personality sucked but he will be properly punished for his crimes. I have no objections.

Now only the man in black remained, the one most presumably from Cerberus.

The problem, is with the nonchalant look in the Cerberus executive’s face.

It seems like he was also dragged along before he was able to explain his circumstances.

Putting aside the organization, does he have any idea where he is at the moment?

No……was he notified by the country to receive a request?

I decided to take a second look at that figure…

High quality clothes.

Elegant manners.

A very insidious look.

His mouth curved into a smile, as if he was enjoying the situation.

Slowly he,

(Mysterious Man)

“Fumun, it appears someone had accidentally stepped on a landmine.

That atmosphere around you, it surpasses the demon lord who came to make a contract

……

You’re a big shot.

Apparently, something unexpected and unfavorable has happened, and I do apologize for that.

I have a certain manner of business with this one, if you would be so kind.”

Thus we approached with our business.

Dignified and sensible as well this one.

I had taken on the form of a human, but I didn’t release my “Demon lord’s Haki”.

If it’s the Tengus, they would probably react all the same to this form.

Yet, this person saw through my disguise at a glance.

If it were me making negotiations with a demon lord, I would find it very difficult.

A large organization, the counterpart of the Freedom Association, the Secret Organization.

That’s probably not all. Even the monarch of a country can’t mess around with him.

Then, I fear the individual before me is……

(Rimuru)

Hum, I will say this first, I wish for you guys to release the captured elves.

As well as the liberation of any other monsters you have caught.

In addition, I would like to request that in the future, trapping, plundering and capturing monsters within the Great Jura Forest to be prohibited.”

The Cerberus executive, stared at me eye to eye at first, ignoring the stares of the king and the others.

The King of Burmund stood as if he were a reserve attendant, not even a voice of complaint was raised.

One may as well get drunk in this atmosphere.

This is proof that this person is no ordinary person.

Well, what’s your answer to my request, I almost continued with this after a short pause.

(Cerberus Big 3, Damurada)

“All right.

We’ll return all the captured monsters. Of course, the elves as well. And we, Cerberus pledge henceforth never to interfere with the Great Jura Forest in the name of Damurada, one of the Big 3 of Cerberus.”

He swore so impudently.

As expected, huh.

One of the Big 3. In order words, he’s no executive at all.

This guy is someone at the peak of the underworld.

One of the 3 bosses who organizes the organization Cerberus, he’s such a person.

(Rimuru)

“All right. Since you pledge to not interfere with us in the future, I’ll overlook it this time.

However, do note that there will be no second time okay?

Even as one such as yourself, I would wonder what would happen if such a person found themselves at odds with one of the Eight Star Demon lords, backed by an entire nation of high class demi-humans…”

This guy, probably know from somewhere that I had gained rulership over Great Jura Forest as its demon lord.

Thus, I tried testing this theory.

My correspondence, and my abilities

There’s also evidence, since all the humans in the corner from Burmund were rather surprised that a top executive came here.

Even now the high ranking executives of Cerberus are all wrapped in a veil of mystery. This is what I gathered after the fact by some nobles that had come just to catch a glimpse of him.

It seems, when the elves were being raided, they were employed by the Viscount, thus making this situation easy to deal with if anything went wrong, probably as they planned.

Our meeting here is probably them using the chance determine my strength, this must be their plan.

This was confirmed by Souei’s though transmissions, but there are no signs of an assault.

I’ll bet.

The moment he lured me out, the plan was a success.

I ordered Souei to withdrew from the location.

(Cerberus Big 3, Damurada)

“Fuuuu, fufufufuu.

No, I suppose it is as expected. I’ve been seen through.

The Rising star of the Eight Stars, I can’t be careless around you.

The one I was previously acquaintances with, Clayman sama can’t even be compared to you.

Meeting you is my honor, High Demon Lord Rimuru. I hope we can form friendly relations in the future.”

As expected, he caught on.

What a landmine I stepped on! And, I feigned ignorance.

Even though I knew he had the skills, I wasn’t afraid.

Quite the careful individual. Damurada of Cerberus.

It appears he’s going to be a tricky adversary.

The Special Armor we provided the orc lords with, he might be aware of it as well.

I wondered was this orchestrated by Yuuki, but as expected I was traced.

Even so, it’s not unexpected for other organizations to be involved. No, their relation is currently unknown.

Damurada bowed gracefully towards us, and left the place.

They had a sense of obligation now, and promised to send over the monsters they had captured as slaves.

After just a week, as promised, the captured monsters were delivered to the country of monsters Tempest.





Chapter 104: The Night Before


Along with the freed elves, rare monsters continued to stream into the city. Considering the quality of their mounts, they must have been treated reasonably well. I guess their captors never intended to enter open hostilities against us. I mean, if you think about it, even the elf chiefs – whose plight began all of this – were without a single injury. I would imagine they meticulously planned their action intending not to kill a single “person”. The elves, based on their magic capacity are rank C~B beings, but many among them can use magic. So their rank does not display their strength–a rather dangerous bunch. No matter how meticulous their planning, to capture ten elves without a single injury, is a real testimony to the hunters’ strength. Assuming there were a few of them, I’d imagine they are at least A ranked. I should think about this some more later. That is, I can hardly underestimate an underground organization abundant with such individuals. My heart tightened watching the monster slaves’ parade.

.

One of the Cerberus’ Bosses–Damrada. As the one responsible for the monster’s return, he rode into the city among them. Of course, his actual goal was to gain entry into the “jewel” called Tempest. But, thanks to an inspection upon entrance, and ban on illegal immigration, entry into the country was not easy to acquire. A guild card would have allowed entry. However, anyone else would have to enter by an invitation. The country has not yet completely developed, so we could hardly let just anyone in. The refugees pouring into our country are staying in inns we had just finished. And we’re quickly putting them to work as builders or cleaning staff. That aside,

Damrada ran up to greet me with a wide smile on his face. After just a single glance at the city, with a nod full of admiration,

[It has been a long time, Demon Lord Rimuru-sama. This unworthy one is named Damrada. On this day, as we had promised, we are returning the captured monsters. We are deeply grateful for permitting entry into your country]

He bowed in respect. As always, he is extremely well dressed, nor is he gaudy.

[Yeah. Seems like you have treated my subjects well. You have my thanks. Since you have fulfilled your part of the promise, let’s forget about this incident. But you do understand that I will not allow this to happen again, right?]

[Hahaha, of course. You are hardly an opponent I would want to risk my life going against]

Damrada intended to completely erase any traces of hostility using that short exchange. We, too, would rather avoid a war of attrition with this organization. I mean, we’d crush them if we fought head on, but there are many nasty things they could do from the shadows. And considering that I had just proclaimed myself as a benevolent demon lord by freeing the Templars, I would rather not waste that effort. These guys just intend to gain my favor. What good is it to pointlessly antagonize them? Well, next time they get in my way, I will destroy them.

[By the way, a little bird whispered this to me… but it seems you are holding a tournament? We couldn’t possibly obtain the right to observe it?]

Damrada asked me with a natural smile. Isn’t he eager to analyze our strength. Well, I don’t mind. I mean, flaunting our ability was the goal. But, I can’t let him have it for free, can I?

[You have my permission. You have permission to remain here until the tournament beings as well]

[Oh, how great is your benevolence! In that case…]

[But, have your strongest man participate. I’d love to see what he’s like. I mean, we’ll be seeing each other often from now on, right?]

I replied with a smile. He came here trying to gain my favor. There’s no way he can refuse. As I thought. He hesitated a bit, but

[As expected of a demon lord, everything has a price. Understood. In that case, this individual…]

He called forth a young individual. I looked at the youth, and then again at Damrada.

[Damrada, you will participate. You are the strongest among these, aren’t you?]

We stared at each other for a second, and,

[You got me. Wonderfully done. You have seen through it all. In that case, I have no choice but to participate. I will be in your care both as a participant and as an observer.]

[Yeah, our future relations will depend on your performance. So I suggest you try real hard]

Damrada bowed again and left. As I thought, he really is the strongest among them. Though he doesn’t look like it, his strength is obvious to those who can truly see. And thus, our participant list increased again. It wouldn’t be fun to have a battle only among our friends. This should spice things up a bit. And if things get really competitive, maybe we’ll see Damrada’s true strength. Martial Arts Tournament. I can hardly wait!

* * *

Ramiris and Veldora were having fun inside the dungeon. Nor was the sight of Milim flying through the sky dragging dragons into the dungeon a rare sight. Things were the same as always. There were constant reports of their loud laughter disturbing people, but we decided to ignore those reports. As for the invitation letters, Myormiles has selected the individuals to invite and sent the letters out. Communication is important. So I introduced Souei to Myormiles and had him help with the communication. Souei’s subordinates–Souka, Saika, Nansou, and Hokusou became the center of Myormiles’ communications team. Since he is just so good at handling people, they have quickly opened up to him. I’m really glad they aren’t looking down on him.

So I can probably leave all that to them. According to Myormiles, the nobles have a large entourage of mercenaries and adventurers they employ. In other words, if we make them believe there’s some great benefit for clearing the labyrinth, we can harvest loads of money off of them. And we can probably have a few nobles become our sponsors. Which would also advance our plans to reuse the arena another step. Though when I say “reuse” I do mean it in a limited sense–up to four times a year. Other times we can use it for training or something. But a sponsor, huh? Well done Myormiles, thinking that far ahead. I had thought only about the money that could be made off of adventurers, and worried about those who would lose themselves in it. And that’s where sponsors would come in handy. So maybe we should fill the dungeon with hidden riches that, like a lottery, would reward a few individuals. To make money on those who like to gamble, of course. Maybe have rare items as rewards? Well, Myormiles suggested that we make a request to the Freedom Association.

[Can we make this request of them?]

[Of course. A reward of 1,000 gold coins for he who would clear a hundred floors. And that’s impossible, I take it? Of course, the number of challengers will decrease due to your notori… fame… But even so, the word on the street is “Dungeon of dragons. Is there an adventurer who could defeat a dragon? Even the knights would find it difficult” they say. So those eating the nobles’ scraps say. Which is why I think it’s a good idea to offer a lavish reward. But, in order to make them think we really intend to pay them this reward, I propose we offer other rewards depending on floor reached. A single gold coin for reaching the 10th floor. 3 gold coins for reaching the 30th floor. Something like that. Maybe even rewards for record time to a save point?]

[Hahaha. An advertisement that would draw people in despite me being a demon lord! Well done, Myormiles, well done. So, will we award only a few people? Or all of them?]

[I was thinking the first five every month. If they are in a party, they’ll just have to split the profit. And if we award them once a month, that will encourage them to compete even more]

I see. If we award the first individuals to reach the target, it won’t hurt our budget and encourage participation. What a wonderful plan. No one will clear it, and even if they do, it’s no problem. A trifling sum like a thousand gold coins we can earn very quickly. What a wonderful idea this has become.

[Myormiles-kun, proceed just as you have spoken!]

[Ay, I live to serve!]

Myormiles’ plan requires me to contact every country and look into the list of adventurers. There’s also the question of entrance into the dungeon. Adventurers can easily enter using their association cards, and we can manage the information hosted on those. As for those without guild membership, we can issue home made cards. I have already consulted Kaijin on that question. This way, we’ll be able to control the access and information of every single person. Entrance into the labyrinth is 3 silver coins per go. We’ll issue the first card for free. If that gets lost or destroyed, the second one is 10 silver coins. We’ll also let them sample a resurrection bracelet by letting them have one for free. Of course, first entry into the dungeon is also free. And resurrection is certainly important. Afterwards, we’ll sell the bracelets at two silver pieces each, and, considering their importance, I expect to sell a lot. We’ll also have to make sure to announce the dangers of entering the dungeon without such a bracelet. Though they have only themselves to blame for their death, I would rather avoid victims. On another note, we have also decided to lease weapons and armours. This was my idea and I’m going to have Kurobee supervise it. Well, I don’t know how this will turn out, but I’m expecting to make a fortune. I can’t wait to open the dungeon!

* * *

Myormiles is working hard on advertising the Dungeon and the Martial Arts tournament. However, the tournament is more important. The dungeon is nearing completion and we are planning to advertise it at the same time as the tournament. And we are putting in lots of effort into the main attraction–the tournament. I have not forgotten about it. But, considering that the tournament will be (more or less) a one time event, we can’t help but divert our attention to the dungeon, which will be a long term cash cow. Well, with the deadline approaching, I guess we have to start getting serious now. Myormiles is so busy with management that they basically don’t rest. At the moment, since we have only begun to receive responses to our invitations, we do not know how many attendees we are going to get. Similarly, although not every tribe chief has reported their intent to participate, it seems we are going to get quite a few folks. But let’s forget about this for now, and focus seriously on the tournament.

First, let’s go over the participating members. From Tempest, we have all the department heads: Benimaru, Diablo, Ranga, Souei, Shion, Hakurou, Gerudo, Gabil, and Gobuta. Those nine. They are the cause of this mess–the nine who declared intent to participate at the banquet. I wonder who’s the strongest among them? I would guess Diablo, but things might go differently in the tournament. What, are you wondering whether the restoration medicine will prevent them from tiring? Boo, wrong! After all, it does not restore magic energy. So if you don’t pace yourself, life will get real tough later on. So we really don’t know how things will end until, well, the end. And then they bickered about the order, which led me to propose round of robin competition… well, it’s all a pain. We also decided to have four prize spots. The problem is, we had too few participants. I mean, it would have been better if there were eight participants–we were one too many. So, and to rile them up a bit, I decided to further split the groups and turn this into an elimination tournament with 16 participants. Which, of course, required me to find them.

So I turned to our sponsors (the demon lords).

[Me~ me~! My Beretta is ready to go!]

That’s one.

As expected.

[Fu fu fu. I have been waiting for you to ask! I’ll have my underling participate!]

“The mysterious masked one, wearer of the lion’s mask!” Milim declared, and rushed off. Well… I kind of figured who will be participating on her behalf. Will it be fine? I mean, the level here is pretty high but this might be overkill. As for the other demon lords, I am not that friendly with them, so that’s that.

Then there’s the reward of past negotiation–Damrada. He and his group are out and about enjoying the city, having rented out the best inn. There’s no question about it–they’re loaded. And they understand the important of getting the best rooms before the royalty shows up. That guy is, without question, strong. Will he fight until exhaustion or feign weakness, I can hardly wait to see. So that’s another fun factor we added.

With that, we need just four more. I guess we could turn it into four directional battle royale. And when I thought that,

[Rimuru-san, did you call?]

I heard a voice. Nope, I did not call you. Who was it? The Templars’ strongest man–Arnaud Baumann.

[What’s up, Arnaud?]

[Fufu, I would like to participate in the tournament you’ve got going. I’ve been trained by Hakurou-san here recently. So I would definitely like to participate.]

Is it fine? Slacking off here. I wanted to say it, but since Hinata went off back to the capital, I had no one to complain to. Eight templars remained. I had asked them help set up a barrier, but I guess that they don’t mind having Arnaud participate. And since there’s so few of us, I guess we have no choice but to let weaker members participate. That leaves us with three vacant spots.

[In that case, I’ll have you participate. But if you suck, you do realize other countries will be watching, right?]

[No problem. Templars don’t know defeat!]

Where’s that confidence coming from? From the new swords and armor crafted by Kurobee? I mean, yeah, these are test products improving even the spirit equipment they were. And, as test products, we can’t mass produce them. But… I am so sure that it’s the armor that is making him confident. Well, I don’t care if he dies from embarrassment, nor will I be liable for it.

[Alright, but do wear a mask. You’ll stand out, are you fine with that?]

We’ve got the Lion Mask participating already, so surely they’d much rather participate this way than as templars.

[Got it. We’ll wear a mask just in case. Thank you for allowing us to participate[

“Losing would be bad,” Arnaud muttered and left. He’s plenty confident. And considering that he had his heart broken once by Diablo, he’s a pretty tough guy. That, or just an idiot. But thank goodness he did not fight against Diablo right away. Seriously.

Alright, three spots left. The other spots we’ll fill in as we go. From among the intelligent beasts and monsters of Jura forest. Not the cattle, but those individuals who want to distinguish themselves. We’ll have them fight for the remaining three spots. Oh, who will be victorious? Order aside, it’s about time I decide on the prize–a special post. Victory or defeat will decide whether they will continue being called department heads. After all, the winner will be the own on whom I’ll bestow a title upon which the masses will depend. Therefore, it’s about time I think about hierarchy around here.

* * *

The day before the tournament. The representatives of many races have arrived by now. The earliest arrivals began a week prior. Along with the letters I had sent, Myormiles invited a number of wealthy merchants to revel in the fun. Those visitors who have come here before proudly showed newcomers around. It was a truly entertaining sights–to see so many races and monarchs enjoy our country. So far, everything’s going according to plan. On that note, I would like to say that the number of guests has already reached 3,000. We do have the capability of hosting up to ten thousand commoners, but 3,000 is the limit for high class housing. And just when I was beset by worry, Myormiles was on the case. Without a single blunder he had assigned everyone to various inns. Of course, Rigurdo and Rigur and the other workers of Tempest also displayed commendable efforts and skill. And thanks to all of their hard work, we were able to welcome the day before the tournament without any major occurrence.

And so, the night before. The leaders of countries had all gathered in the large conference room. The eve of the festival. Sitting on my tatami mat, I observed everyone’s relaxed faces. The baths were a huge success, with some people taking a bath more than once a day. We provided them all with a yukata, and they are now busy commenting on how they look. So far so good. Their escorts have decided to alternate guard outside, and have since stood at attention. Like the professionals they are, they heavily scrutinized the food I ordered to be brought in. Probably fearing poison. Well, considering that if I wanted to poison them I could just use force… but, let’s avoid that topic.

[Hmph, thank you all for coming today. I am the new demon lord, Rimuru. I would like to have tonight become a small welcome, and so would like to have you partake of Tempest’s cuisine. Pardon my inept speech. Let us begin!]

There are many who would like to speak to me face to face, but they’ll have to do that afterwards. Most of their gazes are curious. There were some who paled when I called myself a demon lord, and others’ faces lit up. I’m not good at handling this kind of stuff, which is why I decided on a simple greeting banquet. That’s when food started to be brought out. Well, will they like it? This time, sushi. And sashimi with tempura. The fish is fresh. I mean, I went to get it myself. Without caring about what I caught, I swallowed it all, and removed the poison. I also learned to move around in the water better. But, I should leave this kind of work to people from now on. Hakurou handled the fish with excellent skill. Using the knife Kurobee forged, he dissected all of it in a split second. Shuna as well handled the fish wonderfully. Hakurou also packed the rice. What a unexpected skill he has. Apparently, he learned how to do that from the previous generation. So does that mean that the dragon slayer was a world traveler from the Edo period? But somehow the times periods don’t fit well… Well, what do I care? Shion also wanted to help but decided to abstain this time around. I mean, obviously. We can’t possibly bring out unpleasant looking food to rulers. That’d be bad even as a joke. The problem is, soy sauce. Somehow, we were able to create a soy sauce substitute. I do think the color is wrong, and though the taste is a bit off, it should be fine. Wasabi we had. But first timers might not handle it well, so we decided to make sushi without it this time. All the preparations are set. Food reflects the hospitality of the soul. I hope they’ll see my intentions.

And thus began the banquet. The first outcries were heard when we started pouring cold beer. To those poor souls who have never had properly carbonated cold beer, our product must have been a real surprise. And it also has to be cold. It has to be served in cold transparent glasses–that is the nature of Japanese service. Even I can’t compromise on the point. The elf waitress was going around pouring the alcohol. No, I did not force her to do it! She volunteered… Overall, this was a great success. When she bows with her hands in front of her it… lights up a man’s heart. There’s people whose faces are red even though they haven’t drunk that much. After all, breasts and yukata. Fufufu… all according to plan.

And thus, the banquet continued. Seems like it will finish without a problem. Studying the fish in front of me, I can’t help but marvel at the design of the cut. Of course, I immediately ate some of it. By no means was it bad. This fish was around A ranked… and while some of it looked hardly appetizing, that does not affect its taste. The guests had their magicians assess the food for poison and hesitantly put it in their mouth. Well, as in-landers that they are, they probably never had the chance to eat raw fish before. After all, the carriage is the problem. Other than being able to carry a limited amount, even the extremely rich would not be able to eat the fish raw. Oh, and of course they really liked it. So everything went according to plan. “See what you can eat if you deal with us?” That’s the kind of message I want them to get from this. That’s one of the reasons I’m doing all of this. Not just to flaunt my wealth. I am not just a selfish individual, I am also opportunistic! That’s how it is.

And thus the banquet (a.k.a. publicity stunt) concluded without an incident.





Chapter 105: Preliminary Round


Following up after the audience of the monsters living in Jura Forest, the greetings with the emissaries of the neighboring countries were carried out smoothly. Even though the emissaries were gathered in unfamiliar garb, the banquet was held without issue. And that’s good. The truth of the matter is, I received no more than a greeting from the emissaries. Matters of negotiation and demand were conducted mostly by Myormiles and Rigurdo, who then filled me on the details. Seems like they’ve got a tacit agreement not to let people bother me with these matters directly. They really live up to my expectations. Frankly, even if someone did ask for my backing, I could only respond with a “Ah… is that so?” type of statement. Personally, I think that for the sake of future relations we should support anyone who asks, but those guys probably figured that this is my position and prevented it from becoming public. “Don’t go around making thoughtless promises!” Or something like that. Truly, whether it’s something we can or cannot do aside, we simply don’t have the manpower to apply such regulatory policy. Thoughtlessly increasing the workload would probably make it unmanageable even for me. I mean, it always seems – to me – that things are going so well, that I might have been getting naive lately. Since speaking to me was forbidden for most emissaries, the only ones I actually got to have a conversation with were the Hero King of the Dwarves and the King of Burmund. Yesterday, when the King of Burmund came for the meeting proposal, he also apologized about the Elven incident. It wasn’t anything formal though–just a simple apology. Promising to strengthen future management, making sure that our agreements are held up is his form of indirectly apologizing. Despite being a small kingdom, the king himself came dependent on the invitation. This would have probably been enough as an apology.

The Dwarf King arrived yesterday around noon. It seems he arrived during the day to look around at the development of our town. He’s been rather enthusiastically observing the sewage and drainage systems we have in place. In addition, while the facilities under construction were mentioned, he was eager about the prospect of the railway system. Since he was constantly running about observing our various technological advancements, we ended up losing out on a majority of the time we had to talk. However, last night when I acted as the ornament at the feast, he decided to speak to me.

“It’s been awhile Slime Rimuru… no, Rimuru Dono. This beer is great by the way. By all means I must have you teach me how to brew this, ahahaha!”

I was more or less expecting him to talk to me at some point, but for alcohol to be the way he broke the ice.. I suppose it fits a Dwarf, however, liquor isn’t his purpose. He drank a lot, but he certainly didn’t have the eyes of the drunkard. Since there are other countries present, he couldn’t say it in public. He’ll probably bring it up later so I didn’t press for it or anything. Whether the other emissaries were avoiding talking to me or what not, no one else approached, so I thoroughly enjoyed talking with the Dwarf King.

Most of the emissaries are of Ministers social class. To interrupt a King of a major power, is something they are unlikely do. Moreover, some are just terrified to talk to me. The exterminations of the Farmas Kingdom army has long since become an international fact. My power is no longer subject to any doubt and is well known to be something no nation could readily deal with. Since that’s the case, I would suppose it would take some serious courage to attempt a conversation. As for the merchants–they are mere commoners. Even if there are nobles among them, they lack the social standing to speak. Certainly not in front of the whole delegations. In the end, the only person that can call out to me, without my initiative, is the dwarf king. Thus, we chatted on the most pointless topics until finally ending the conversation. The Dwarf King intended to show the other emissaries that our two nations are on friendly terms no doubt. As a result, shrewd opportunists would find value in conducting business in me rather than just another demon lord. This is the support of the dwarf king. Well, he probably also calculated the amount of wealth that will flow into the Dwarf Kingdom once Tempest is developed, but I am still thankful nevertheless. We weren’t able to discuss any important matters yesterday, but I was able to have a good time.

Unchecked past this points

– – – – – – – – – – – –

Now, the night has passed and the sky has grown clear and blue. The rain clouds of yesterday have blown away to form this wonder of weather we are having.

The arena for the fighting tournament is complete. Ten thousand spectators from all corners of the continent to watch the battles.

Overhanging roof mechanisms for the purpose of blocking sunlight are installed at the spectator areas. The roofs at the spectator areas are semi-circular skeletal frames with a thin film stretched over them.

Fancy elaborate ideas are used to form a eerie atmosphere if I do say so myself. Nobody will think that the purpose of this is actually just to block sunlight. Surprised cries are raised unanimously, it’s probably due to this eerie sight.

It seems amongst them are some weirdoes who were excited instead.

The spectator venues have all been filled, the seats packed. Myormiles handled the arrangements, I invited the audiences, there are no blunders or oversights.

If the battles were to end too early, a tour of the dungeon has also been planned as a side attraction. Guiding ten thousand people is a worrying task, but this can be distributed amongst the citizens of Tempest.

Leave it to me.

Behind the scenes, I’m working earnestly in various ways.

Stores are opening outside the arena, classic menus such as skewered meat and yakisoba are on sale. There’s even shaved ice on sale in some of the shops. I was surprised and amazed by how much has been prepared.

Aah, I want to eat Yakisoba. I began to recall memories, but I wonder what it is.

Well, that’s how it is I suppose. During my various conversations with various cooks and people, I was able to convey my memories of the various foods due to thought transmission, but reproduction of taste is rather difficult. No, if I make full use of my analysis skills, I should be able to reproduce its spirit. Since wheat can be grinded into powder, reproducing it was unexpectedly easy

Even sushi was successfully reproduced, there’s nothing to fear.

The audience surrounded the ground level section of the arena. At the entrance there were large stone tiles that were used to pave the ground. Processing the two meter squares was a rather tasking challenge, but they were carefully laid in a pattern similar to a checkerboard. The gaps are filled with an impact-absorbent material with additional adhesive properties, giving it the appearance of a large slab of rock.

Since I spread a soft film of magic over it, its durability was increased. Even if it’s ordinary solid rock, it’s 300 harder than concrete. The material spread over this layer is 10,000 times harder than concrete. It’s 2m thick. I was surprised at how its durability is comparable to nuclear shelters.

There’s no need to even test it, I’m confident that it would be able to take a direct hit from a nuclear strike, especially after a certain bad cook had a try at breaking it. There’s no difference between the two in my mind anymore…

Since it’s physically durable, with the aid of magic, we’ll be able to construct structures that are hard to destroy.

A magic formation is inscribed onto the floor, and a battlefield is formed. Since it would also be used for combat training in the future, it covers a considerably large area.

The magic formation extends to the audience venue, it’s a large scale magic. In the inside of the circle, a smaller circle with a diameter of 500 meter is drawn. This is the stage of the fighting tournament.

Inside the visible double barrier, there’s actually far more though, is where the fighting tournament will be held. This time, we asked for the cooperation of the holy knights, and a holy barrier has also been erected.

Making sure that the audience didn’t end up getting splattered by the contestants is something I thought of early on.

Through a prevention barrier, power limitation has not been activated. Since Magical energy has not been sealed, there’s the risk of disturbance caused by a high magic output, but that’s been suppressed by one of my personal barriers.

My ultimate skill, the Covenant King Uriel, the absolute barrier.

In reality this alone would have suffice, but since I didn’t want to show it thus I decided to invoke the holy barrier to disguise it.

I think those present didn’t notice it.

Since its activation period is an instant, it was preempted to be activated at the moment when an attack capable of destroying the holy barrier is unleashed. If this is only for precaution there shouldn’t be any problems.

We haven’t been expecting it, but we even took precautions against holy type attacks, there will be no problems.

The whole arena is filled to the brim with excitement.

That’s to be expected, it’s one of my carefully laid out plans after all.

It seems like fighting tournaments also exist in this world, but not up to the scale here. It would seem that the Ingrasia Kingdom hosts one each year, the champion is granted a various reward depending on the tier. Participants are ranked based on their adventurer status.

I had failed to notice this during my stay due to incorrect timing, however, this usually utilities the royal training ground, just a kind of revelry.

Well, the amount of seats within the arena are limited in the end. Since I haven’t come up with any form of levitating chairs or monitor systems, the general visitors can catch a glimpse by watching from rooftops, various vantage points, or actually climbing the pillars of the arena itself.

Since screens are fixated on four sides, making it possible for a live close-up view of the battle. Through the use of optics magic, expanding a projection is a simple task.

Since I’m using magic tools, it’s not troublesome. It’s also good publicity.

I’m not one to neglect such opportune business in such a place, I was determined by my nature as a true business man at heart.

Well, it’s about time.

I stood up, and spoke to the microphone at hand.

(Rimuru ‘the meek’)

“Nice to meet you all, I, am the one known as the Demon Slime Demon Lord, Rimuru Tempest.

… … …

Ah, forget it, putting on airs is too troublesome. Yo, I am of the Eight Star Demon Lords, a pleasure to be in your acquaintance.

Today, I am grateful that you would take the time to respond to the invitation of our country. In the future, I do plan on hosting a variety of events such as this one, so please do enjoy your first visit.

I wish to live in peace and harmony with you all, so please do avoid causing me any trouble in the future. Instead of humans and monsters constantly bickering with one another, I do think that a cooperation with more profitable interests is a far better future than one of destruction.

While i’m aware that there are many who are yet wary of my identity as one of the Eight Star Demon Lords, I do honestly think hard on making a good impression you see. I don’t wish to impose my desires upon any of you all. If you would do your best to end your conflicts with monsters, I would certainly be pleased.

If you don’t wish to, well, I suppose it can’t be helped. It would be your nation’s task to handle the responsibility for such matters.

I don’t see any reason to attack a nation who refuses to cooperate, though those who do are certainly held in a better light. Just as we’re monsters doesn’t hold any reason as to breaking past such mindless discrimination. There’s no difference between us on any grounds. Should a war ever be started in the name of subjugation of monsters, please do note that not a single life will be spared. The earth would be turned to glass and the rulership of the nation laid to waste upon the most devastating of torture for years until their souls would be shattered by the intense measure of their crimes.

Please do know that I am one of peace. These words might come out as threats, but they are only my honest feelings for a lasting peace. I do really detest war, it is quick and violent, but I will never hesitate when the need arises. I wish to live my eternity in peace.

These words are also my own thoughts.

From this tournament today, I do hope that you of the various nations finally come to comprehend the level of our fighting forces. I have offered up my heads of state and chiefs of staff for the sake of this tournament, the representatives of various nations and organizations have come to participate as well.

My main purpose here today to convey these words unto you.

I pray you all make a wise decision, receive it and consider them as the open remark.“

Was it too straightforward?

Whatever…

After all, after my rise, I must give my greetings to the nobles and royalties. However, even so… here and there in the venues, spare applauds are taking place. It isn’t just my subordinates, there are influential people, merchants, and also individuals I am not acquainted with within the mix.

Now I’m happy with it, though at first I believed it was a little too ominous. My intentions have been conveyed. How will people react to it afterwards, that’s all there is to it.

Thus, while not exactly grand, the fighting tournament was kicked off by the applause from the whole venue.

– – – – – – – – – – – –

Well then, the format of this tournament is a battle royal.

Even with the recent string of dropouts amongst the applicants, there are still a total of one hundred and fifty applicants remaining.

Because 3 participants are needed for the main match, they must be selected amongst the 150 individuals. As this is the case, we’ll have it so that fifty people will participate within each division. Thus the three champions from each of the three divisions will find themselves in the final match.

The one game was planned for the morning, and two in the afternoon.

Well, even if it’s called a game, it’s still a battle royal. Luck is an important factor. I divided the registration time for the separate groups, cooperation amongst participants are possible, however only one person will have the right to advance.

Now then, what will happen.

Amidst the excitement, the first match began.

The contestants entered towards the center.

Everyone gave off the pressure of the strong.

There are two familiar faces within the group. The Gozu and the Mezu. Somehow, even when they applied on opposite sides of the arena, they still ended up in the same group. Well, these two aren’t going to be rising to glory any time soon, but they are fairly strong, let’s just use the one who wins between the two as the boss of floor thirty. If they want I’ll allow it to be a shift system.

Well, this will also depend on the strength of that individual.

The two defeated the monsters around them and are in an unparalleled state. There are several A- class monsters amongst them, but there are also the higher races. Their faces are being projected.

Then, after wiping out all the monsters around them, only the two were left. Not even 10 minutes has passed.

The audiences are very excited at the fierce competition between the monsters. After all, it’s a rare opportunity to watch monsters of our level fight so close up.

Mesu and Gozu stared at each other, and began insulting each other.

(Gozu)

“Oh puny Mezu, we should have settled this between you and I in the first place. Finally, our long lasting fates will end today, prepare yourself!”

(Mezu)

“Those are foolish words only capable of coming from a Gozu, the ones working under Rimuru-sama will be we, the Mezu!

You can vanish into seclusion and live a life without regrets!”

And, the two suddenly began fighting.

Just like that, the opening act has ended, and the two became the highlight of the stage.

They are both the power types, fighting a fierce battle between axe and spear, both with a shield in hand. Rather than using black arts, they are more suited with fighting with their physicality.

TN Note: The original word was Yōjutsu(妖術), magic is Majutsu/Mahō(魔術/魔法).

An axe was swing with all their might, and was repelled by a shield. With their stance destroyed, a short spear strikes within a split second with ease, and backs off. It took only 10 minute for the two to be the only remainders, yet this exchange of blows and blocks waged on another 20 minutes.

This 100 year war they fought doesn’t seem to be over anytime soon.

The audience was lost in the fascination of the fierce battle between the two. Well that’s to be expected, a battle between A ranks isn’t something you’ll normally see in a lifetime.

It was a brilliant fight, and the battle is prolonged due to their well-matched abilities.

It’s an interesting battle, but the match ended with a sudden twist.

(Gozu)

“This is the end!”

The results are in.

Gozu threw a large axe with all his might. A strike that can shatter boulder used in order to take down his opponent

However, Mezu laughed fearlessly.

Right before his charge, he paused for just a moment. The large axe holding the large axe now danced through the air, the left arm with it.

However, Mezu dove into the chest of Goze, and readied an unavoidable lunging posture.

Sacrificing his left arm, in exchange for victory. When Mezu was certain about his victory,

(Gozu)

“Too Naïve! Lighting Horn”

After crying this out loud, the horns atop his head suddenly head-butted the right side of Mezu’s head.

His horns doubled in length, piercing through Mezu’s right eye and arm.

This was the decisive factor of the game. Due to the attack from his right, the trajectory of the rush missed.

Furthermore, when he was attacked by the horns, he suffered additional lightning damage, boiling his blood.

Gozu is the victor.

Well, I mean, is Mezu alive still after that one? I suppose to be unwary of those overly suspicious and large horns, Mezu only has himself to blame for this.

And of course, Mezu has survived.

I’ll win next time! He yelled threateningly. He seems fine, however, the game has already been decided.

The winner of the first match is Gozu.

He is deserving as the first winner, it was a great match.

After the noon break ended, the second match began.

Above all it seems the food stalls were well received.

There are also those back in town who have been eating in horse carriages, each individual is different.

Now then, the players of the second round have entered.

…?

Ah!

I almost cried out loud. Since I understood this match will be over in an instant.

After all, I saw a certain 3 man group.

A Tall slim person, with firm muscles

A big, bulky person, with armor-like muscles

A person with a build that should be called fat rather than large.

They are the sons of Dagruel that I met during the Walpurgis Banquet once.

They had magical energy on par with the old demon lords. Though since their techniques were subpar, they were easily twisted around by Shion with ease, however in this preliminary round they’re overwhelming.

They’re even comparable to Goze and Mezu in regards to being overwhelming.

Or rather, those 3 are on the level of the main match.

Though they weren’t trained previously, I suppose I won’t be able to be too careless around them if or once they’re trained. Something like that might actually be rather dangerous.

They’ve powered up to such an extend in such a short amount of time. I suppose it has something to do with the clothes they’re wearing, but-

(Demon Trio)

“We’re Shion’s bodyguards!”

What nonsense are you saying? Because that’s what I heard letter for letter.

Somehow, are you alright? I wanted to question them thoroughly, however it seems the intellectual secretary/cool beauty Shion doesn’t know anything about this. They’ve probably been complexly deceived by her appearance. Or, perhaps they’ve just awakened to their masochistic nature after being beaten.

If that’s the case, I don’t want to know anymore.

The results are as I anticipated.

Let alone 5 minutes, they defeated everyone else in a minute. The elder was the one who won. He seems to be the strongest amongst the 3.

As such, it seemed like the second match ended with no highlight in this fashion but……

That was not the case for the audience. There was an enthusiastic, excited atmosphere in the arena. Let alone A rank, there are demon lord class fighting forces.

The merchants and emissaries from various nations were able to judge the extent of both the physical and magical power of those participating. It goes with their profession of needing to have an eye for talent. Most probably didn’t even need to use any particular skills for this either.

I shouted something from the unanimous excitement. After shouting so much, tonight’s beer is going to taste great.

After some excitement because of the tournament becoming a great success, it finally came to the final match.

I looked at the contestants.

Remarkably, there are also humans, but… they’re not holy knights, will they be alright?

(Rimuru)

“Oy, I see humans down there, will they be alright?”

I listened to Myormiles who was by my side,

(Myormiles)

“Ah, well, I suppose they must be famous adventurers. Apparently some of the A-rank adventurers from the Ingrasia Kingdom’s fighting tournaments. It was some warrior from the west with his party that was saying something about doing whatever it took to subdue a Demon Lord…”

(Rimuru)

“Hoooh, and am I to suppose this Demon Lord would be me?”

(Myormiles)

“Eh? Could that be so?

At any rate, they haven’t actually said why they must win the tournament, but simply said that they needed to join it…

I accepted them since there weren’t any rules against preventing people from participation. Each one paid the entry fee of twenty silver coins…

I don’t know if he’s the real deal, but there is mention of him being a hero and quite the strong individual. Perhaps I could compare him to the leader of the Holy Knights?”

The leader, comparable to Hinata?

That youngster? That’s impossible.

Donning an armor of shining gold, his body was white all over.

With long gold hair braided at the back, he seems really popular. 5 people surrounded him protecting him. It looks just like the party of a hero. Though it would be interesting if it was the real thing.

The match begins.

The hero was fortunate enough to be in a party, giving him overwhelming advantages as they struck with excellent attacks.

I looked towards the audience venue,

(Crowd #1)

“Hey, isn’t that the hero of the west?”

(Crowd #2)

“Oh! Masayuki sama! It’s the hero of the west, Masayuki sama!”

(Crowd #3)

“As expected, with such an elegant swordsmanship, and such a beautiful fighting style……”

Such things are heard.

Eh?

Masayuki?

That name sounds rather Japanese…

I observed him carefully and noticed something. It’s a wig… That golden hair is a wig!

This isn’t the right time…

Elegant swordsmanship, he hasn’t began fighting with his sword yet. The surrounding people have been active, but he hasn’t done anything yet.

In the meantime, the match has been decided.

The winner, is the hero who hasn’t done anything……

His friends kneeled before Masayuki, and the hero makes it to the final.

Are you okay? You aren’t a bluffing brat are you……I will not be pleased if some noble brat just scummed his way into the Final match…

There have been cheers from the crowd.

This popularity seems to be a little worrying…

If I do nothing but simply evaluate him, this battle could get dangerous. Will he be alright? I’m a little worried for the hero Masayuki.

In the end, this was how the Preliminary Rounds ended and how the final three contestants for the main tournament have been gathered.





Chapter 106: Tournament - Finals Part 1


Last night's drinking was too extreme.

Of course, not for me.

No matter how much I drink, I don’t get drunk. At a time like that, I think it might be best not to have Poison Nullification.

After all, it's possible the food or drink could be poisoned. But I think everyone in there more or less had some poison resistance.

Oh well. I just pretended to be drunk. After all, I just like the act of drinking itself.

The ones who drank too much were the invited guests.

It seems they couldn't forget the excitement of the battle they saw during the day... they all kept talking about it and drank late into the night.

As a result, everyone looked exhausted heading over to the Colosseum the next morning.

In the Colosseum, all of the contestants assembled, forming a line at the center.

Or rather than a line, it was a linked circle. They stood in while facing the audience.

On the large monitor, the contestants were projected on the screen one by one, their appearance came out nicely.

In front of the contestants, I greeted everyone through the mike.

By the way, I didn’t call Veldora out since yesterday.

I don’t dare to call him out while he's engrossed in making the Underground LabyrinthDungeon.

If he starts raging again it will be troublesome, and at the same time that dangerous fellow might also come with him.

If Milim comes, surely she will want to participate in the tournament. I don’t think that she will be satisfied just sending in a substitute.

For that reason, today's commentary will be performed by me alone.

First thing first, the contestant introductions.

I send the signal and the contestants were introduced one at a time.

The large screen changed for the introduction of each contestant that will be battling today.

First, the people who won yesterday's Battle Royal, those three people were introduced.

As the representative of Souei’s subordinates, the dragonewt Souka took on the role as the Announcer.

She gave a brief commentary about the contestants that will participate in today's match.

Well then, shall we begin?

First was the Gozu.

This guy... I gave him a “Name”, “Gozurl”. It was because he came out victorious yesterday and as my praise for him.

After he received the name, my magic power decreased, although it decreased only to the extent that he could grow a little.

However, he was formerly a high A-Rank.

His race also evolves as Gyuuki[1].The way his power now gushed from him, he felt like a completely different person than he was yesterday.

He has acquired a Unique Skill『Restrainer』[2] and an Extra Skill『Self Regeneration ex』.

Although he didn’t receive additional special abilities or skills, his physical power was greatly enhanced.

Unique Skill『Restrainer』's ability was to create a space where he could put a restraint on what ability can be used in that space.

However, if the other party didn’t agree with it, the restraint in that space will be canceled.

It was ability with bad usability.

Although it might be possible to force the opponent to agree with it, but I think that depends on who the opponent was.

If it's an opponent of the same rank, it won’t work.

Perhaps, just like Holy Barrier, that space creates a rule where skills can’t be used... but I speculate that physical ability will still be effective.

It was an interesting idea.

Since I think it could be useful (if I think of ways to use it), I didn’t forget to absorb it with『Covenant Lord Uriel』.

Because it was under the Space series, it was easy to add it.

「First, the champion of the yesterday’s first match, Gozurl!

By stopping the 100 years conflict, he received right to participate in this match!

His power gives rise to a new wind that can sweep over Tempest!」

Souka spoke the words merrily.

Don’t turn around.

Since she's cute, the audience became excited.

With the tail, the wings and the horn, there was no problem labeling her as “Cute”.

「Furthermore, Gozurl is a champion from the Underground LabyrinthDungeon that Tempest is proud of~!

Pay attention to his strength! And for those who are confident that they can beat him, please head towards the labyrinth!!」

She said it in high spirits.

She even advertised the labyrinth.

Because it's not opened to the public yet, it can’t be considered a Labyrinth yet.

Oh well, after seeing its power, I don’t know if there will be a challenger for the labyrinth.

I have no idea how the first match will turnout. Even after being advertised like this, he might be defeated quickly.

However, I already thought that.

If he got defeated, then his challenger will get an additional monetary reward.

Well, it depends on his opponent. Everything will be decided by the lot.

Next, Dagura.

The eldest of Dagruel’s three sons.

I received greetings from Dagura, Ryura and Debura at the same time of the report of yesterday’s victory.

I’ve been told that their father, Dagruel, sent them to this country so they could learn various things.

『We will do anything, even the chores. Please give us your permission to stay in this country, Demon Lord Rimuru-sama! 』

The trio bowed their head together.

Because it was troublesome, I decide to place them under Shion. It was their wish after all.

They even wear clothes with “Shion for Life” written on them...

I knew that the reality was cruel, and it’s only a matter of time before their illusion gets broken, but that was their way of life.

Their power was dreadfully high.

However, the eldest was the most balanced one among the three, so he was quite strong.

「Next up is the champion of the second match, Dagura!!

Emitting his overwhelming aura alone, all of the evil spirits from the Great Jura Forest were blown away!

His figure is certainly a masterpiece. If he becomes serious, who knows what will happen!

How will such power fare against the executives[3] of Tempest?

The anticipation is rising!」

During his introduction Dagura waves his hand high.

If compared with the quiet fighting spirit[4] of Gozurl, I could sense a surplus of power.

How high was the surplus power that he held? Just like before, I didn’t speak anything to the Executives.

Then, the next one was the Hero Masayuki[5].

It would become clear in today's match whether this guy's abilities were the real deal or not.

Although, it might be tomorrow as there only four matches today, so it all depends on the lot.

「And now, the champion of yesterday’s third match, Hero Masayuki~!!

No one could catch a glimpse at his magnificent sword technique! Because, at the same time his sword was unsheathed, the opponent was already dead[6]!

With overwhelming power he made his name renowned--the man who introduces himself as the young Hero.

There is no end of people who are fascinated by his sweet mask[7]. They say with just one look at his eyes, no woman can resist falling for him!

Ma~sa~yu~ki~!! For those who have seen his previous battle, rejoice~!!!」

Was it true?

Was this guy really that popular?

Or was Souka just making stuff up for that publicity?

If that’s the case, she has an unexpected talent.

Wasn’t that mostly lies and backhanded compliments? What with that, “Ma~sa~yu~ki~!!” announcement?

If anyone took her words seriously, then I think there's something wrong with their heads.

If he loses in the first round after that big speech, won't he be embarrassed?

Maybe that was her plan. If so, that's just harassment.

If it's Souka, then without doubt it's high class harassment[8].

The remainders were special participants and the executives.

Starting with Arnaud.

「Well~then, let's continue the contestant introduction with the special participants~!

First introduction is for the Holy Knight Arnaud Bauman!

The name of a man renowned as the strongest Holy Knight!

After the zealous fight against our Tempest executives a bud of friendship has bloomed~!

He aims for complete victory! The pride of a man doesn’t allow a draw.

To achieve his aims for complete victory, he will exhibit his true strength this time ~!」

Yes.

An amazing ability, actually.

Down the side of Arnaud's face, I see a sweat hanging on his forehead.[9]

What was she talking about?

It was completely unnecessary to say all of that. Now the pressure was on him to win.

Souka, are you really a Blood-Sucking Demon? The way you're cornering them was not something just anyone would do.

As the little sister of the naturally airheaded Gabil, I never imagined you could be so vicious.

「Next up, another special participant! His name is Damurada!

Dispatched from a secret organization, he's a mysterious man!

He aims to show off his combat prowess in this tournament~!

Will he able to display his power as a mercenary!?

The man who catches Demon Lord Rimuru-sama interest. Keep your eyes on him everyone!」

No, no......

I don’t have the slightest interest in him. Also, what's the deal with the secret organization you speak of....?

Saying that while looking at me with that fearless smile.

I’m glad there was no problem. I’m glad that even if the name gets found out it will be fine.

Well, I had been warned about this, but I will stop it if it becomes a problem.

「Let’s continue! Another special participant... a mysterious masked man intrudding the Colosseum~!

The unknown Lion Mask! Is he a champion of justice or an envoy of evil!?

Really, what kind of enchanting battle he will show us!?

By the way, there‘s a message from a certain anonymous person.

『I think you already know, but if you show a unsightly fight, prepare yourself.』

That what the person said.

What does this message mean? I don’t know, but it sounds fun~!」

No, his fate was already sealed.

Souka already knew that but she still took pleasure in cornering him.

I had no choice other than to pray for the cornered Lion Mask’s fortune in the match.

「Continuing, the final special participant.

The Ultimate Battle Machine! In front of it, both Holy and Evil[10] hold no meaning!

I have received a written introduction from an anonymous person.

『My Beretta, is the Strongest』[11]

That’s all it says.

However, isn't this it's first real combat?

How can it already be the strongest? I really don't understand, but anyway! This raises our anticipation even higher!」

N~o.

I really didn’t expect this, you know?

She finished the forcefully overbearing introduction.

Certainly, the people who know about the existence of Beretta were few, so its power was unknown.

So there was nothing wrong in her words.

「Now then, from this point on the truly strong ones will make their appearance!

The executives of Tempest.

Each one's abilities are equal that of a thousand warriors.

First up: Go~Bu~Ta~!!

There are many who admire that nihilistic mask[12] of his, an elite warrior!

Although he wished to have fame as a genius, he is the greatest of all young warriors.

What kind of enticing battle will he show us this time?!」

Stop that ssu~!! Was probably what Gobuta’s heart was screaming right now.

His face also turned pale, you know.

That was so, after all, he was in a sorry state similar to the half-killed Lion Mask-san

Oh, well...

If Gobuta were desperate, he might become serious.

「The next contestant is Gabil!

Commander of the Hiryuu[13], a warrior of the blue sky.

Will his dragon’s blood that flows in his body awaken an invincible warrior in him!?

By the way, he is my biological brother.

Since father is watching, you can’t show us a pathetic battle, you hear me?!」

Ah.......

No mercy, even for her biological brother.

Of course not, since her performance was to drive everyone into a corner.

Since no one knows who's fighting who, I might actually get to see Gabil unexpectedly awaken.

And since it’s true that Abil was watching, I think I can look forward to it a little.

「That's it for the Sideshow[14]! Now we're on to the Main Show[15]!

Continuing the introduction, the High Orc Gerudo!

Tempest Guardian Deity. A crucial guardian with impregnable defense!」

Uh, did she just say "sideshow"?

Certainly, the people after this were really strong. She changed her tone and went into her serious introduction mode.

「Contestant Hakurou, master of the sword.

Appointed as the Sword Art[16] Instructor, he is also the one who trained us.

Contestant Shion, Demon Lord Rimuru's number one secretary!

Fitting her intellectual appearance, she is a woman who can do anything.

She not only protects Rimuru-sama, but also counsels him. It can be said that she has monopolized the position that is yearned by every woman.」

Huh?

Was there some kind of secret dealing?

I can't help but notice that Shion was nodding in satisfaction.

Somehow or another, there was no mistake that some black dealings had been carried out here.

「Souei-sama! He is my superior, and a manperson of yearning.

Everything he does is flawless, but there is nobody who knows his true strength.

I'm sure this time too, he will surely show us a splendid and wonderful battle!」

Do you need to add -sama to Souei?

Furthermore, her tone was serious but she was clearly blushing.

Oh well, its fine.

「Well then, the sole contestant in this tournament that is not a humanoid but a beast[17], Ranga!

Reigning as Rimuru-sama’s GuardPet, a superior wolf that allows no one to come near!

And now...the top favorite of this tournament, contestant Diablo!

Needless to say but no one has seen his true abilities in live combat.

Will there be a contestant this time that can expose his secrets? Is there anyone in existence that can do it!?

It will be a match on whole new levels!

Next contestant is the last contestant!

Tempest supreme commander, contestant Benimaru!

Among the subordinates of Demon Lord Rimuru-sama, his power is said to be the strongest, but just how strong is he?

Rumor has it that he is equal in strength to Souei-sama, but is it true!?

It's time for the truth to be made clear in the eyes of the public!」

As expected, the last introduction was normal.

But, who really is the strongest? I don’t honestly know.

Diablo, Ranga, Souei, Benimaru.

In addition of the strong four, Shion and Beretta.

Because they learnt their techniques from Hakurou, recently they have leveled up.....

Also, that Lion Mask... was the former Demon Lord Karion-san, right?

Against a former Demon Lord, how far can our executives fight?

I’m really looking forward to it.

As the introductions came to an end, lots were drawn and the matches were decided.

Due to the number of participants, the match will be divided into two days. Four matches on the first day and another four on the second day.

Immediately after the lots were drawn, names were filled out on the tournament chart.

The result...

The First Day

1st match …… Benimaru vs Gozurl

2nd match …… Souei vs Dagura

3rd match …… Gobuta vs Hero Masayuki

4th match …… Gabil vs Ranga

The Second Day

5th match …… Arnaud vs Beretta

6th match …… Lion Mask vs Diablo

7th match …… Hakurou vs Damurada

8th match …… Gerudo vs Shion





That was the result.

Because the matches were made fair and square by drawing lots, so there were no hard feelings, but Gabil looked awfully pitiful.

His unique skill, "Tuner[18]", would work fine if he was matched up against an opponent he can win against, but since his opponent was Ranga, it might be impossible to win.

He wore an expression of hopelessness. I hope he will still work hard and show us his utmost best.

And then there was Gobuta...

If the hero really was the same rank as Hinata, Gobuta's chance of victory was nonexistent.

But as far as testing the Hero's ability, Gobuta might be suitable for that.

I also want him to work hard and perform his utmost best.

After this, it will become a considerable great match that I want to see.

By the way, Wisdom King Raphael had perfectly predicted the outcome of these matches.

It didn’t say anything, so it might be interesting.

Because there was free will, there might be case where the contestant actions could overturn even 10.000 calculations, so it can’t reach any conclusion.

On the contrary, if the contestants were manipulated, then it could be possible to make a 100% perfect forecast.

Well then, now, I somehow expected it, how the result will be.

Without delay, the first match had begun.

　−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−

The first match……Benimaru vs Gozurl!

For some reason, they were just glaring at each other in the middle of the arena.

Neither showed any response to Souka's 「Begin!」.

「Fufufu, how lucky to be able to meet you in the first match.

Benimaru-san, your reign as the supreme commander will end today!

Today onwards shall be known as the era of Gozurl-sama!!」

Gozurl was spouting remarks one after another.

This was ba~d. After receiving a name and gains new powers, it seems he's become rather arrogant.

Was this also...a rebellion against me[19]... or so I'd like to think, however...

「Please watch me, Rimuru-sama!

I, Gozurl, will become your new right hand.

And if I do then I shall take Shion-dono as my bride!!」

He respectfully bows towards me, while declaring such things.

To his remarks,

『Shion-sama is my, our bride!!』

The crowd booed at him.

It seemed that one section of the spectators were all crazy fans of Shion.

Ah well. So foolish.

Nothing I can do. Let the match begin...

「I understand, do the match seriously.

I don’t need foolish words.」

Since I said it into the mike, it echoed throughout the Colosseum.

The spectators burst out in laughter, I guess they think this was just part of the show.

Since I was being serious, I'm really thankful that they misunderstood.

I was quite embarrassed.

「Begin!」

Once again, Souka declared.

This time it began for real.

Gozurl made the first move. And thus, a large magic formation suddenly appeared on the ground.

「Take this! The position of supreme commander will be mine!

Unique Skill, 『Restrainer』, executed!」

Oh, he sure wasted no time using it.

It was not an ability that a fool can use. The magic formation that was drawn on the ground... was it a prevention against cancellation?

I’m impressed.

However, no matter how I see it, Benimaru was deliberately receiving that.

Even when provoked to that extent, there was no sign of rage in him... quite different from his former self.

After he was entrusted as the supreme commander of this country, Benimaru's short temper disappeared.

And the now calm Benimaru was tremendously strong.

If he fought against Hakurou now, their swords would clash endlessly.

It was after suppressing his physical strength to same level of Hakurou. In other words, his sword skill was now at the same level as Hakurou's.

Without his short temper he can carefully listens to his opponent’s words.

Hence was his growth.

Due to the restraining ability of Gozurl’s『Restrainer』, Skill, sorcery, and magic were prohibited.[20] See the note

「Wahahahaha! I hear that your specialty is Inferno[21] attack, right?

How’s that!? How does it feel to have your special technique sealed?!

Just hand over the supreme commander position to me now, and I might make you my vice commander. You can become my right hand, how about that?」

Hmm.

Gozurl was too elated.[22]

It seems to be a bad idea to hand out names so easily, since it seems that it could mass produce idiots like him.

Even if he's loyal to me, he didn’t takes into consideration the power of his senpai, whom he should respect.

However. It’d be different if said senpai was making a mistake.

Even Diablo was polite when he meets with opponents that were weaker than him.

Well, he's really frightening when he's angered, though his attitude is that he never underestimates anyone...

Well then, how will Benimaru fight back?

If this was before, the opponent will be killed at this stage. Thanks goodness it was only half-killing.

Believing he sealed off his opponent’s ability, Gozurl, who became too elated, he attacked Benimaru incessantly with his Great Axe.

Since Benimaru's Magic and other skills were sealed off, Gozurl seemed to believe that he now had the upper hand in both power and speed.

However...

「Oi, is that the extent of your power?

Do you have anything else besides that?

30 minutes will soon pass. Until that time, I allow you to attack as you like.

Give it all you've got so you don't have any regrets later.」

30 minutes.

That was the match time I set beforehand.

One match was about 30 minutes; it was something that I had consulted with Benimaru beforehand.

So that means, for the sake of punctually, he's deliberately allowing his opponent to attack as he likes?

I was nothing but astonished at the growth of Benimaru.

「Huh? Are you sleep-talking?

You're just receiving all of my attacks since the truth is you can't do anything against them, am I right?!

Don’t be a sore loser! Don’t get carried away, chump!」

Gozurl doesn’t seem to realize the difference in their ability. It seems he still believes that he's attacking Benimaru one-sidedly.

Gozurl... above Benimaru in power and speed?

No, that was wrong.

That Benimaru, without me knowing, his abilities increased drastically.

His maximum amount of Energy Magic power had probably increased a substantial amount.

It was only because he suppressed his youki[23] that its increase went unnoticed.

Wisdom King Rafael usually conducts measurement without failure, but I didn’t hear anything even from him.

And so, 30 minutes had elapsed.

「It’s time.」

Benimaru mutters lazily as Gozurl fell to his knees on the spot.

In Benimaru’s left hand was a Katana with a crimson blade called Crimson Lotus Edge[24]. Benimaru was only warding off the attacks from the Great Axe, but he counterattacked after the 30 minutes passed.

His right fist catches Gozurl, kneaded with power to penetrate, he drives his fist into Gozurl’s Solar Plexus.

With a single hit, the flow of his magic power was disarranged and Gozurl was unable to stand.

Even if he set up barriers, everything would be pierced instantly by that hit.

It was an excellent and overwhelming victory for Benimaru.

「To correct your character it’s necessarily to beat it into you again and again. Prepare yourself.」

Gozurl fainted after hearing those words.

And the first match came to an end.





Chapter 107: Tournament - Finals Part 2


The first match was a complete victory for Benimaru

Gozurl need to discipline himself and fix his temper. Anyway it was decided for him to be secluded alone inside the Dungeon.

Weighted bangles and anklet will be put on him, it'll make him have disadvantage when fighting against the challengers.

Even with that handicap, he was still too strong.

Looking at the spectator’s appearances, even though they didn’t comprehend the situation, it ooks like they vaguely understand Benimaru’s strength.

It seems the excitement will continue, let’s have another great battle.

Oh well, because the irresponsible announcement and commentary from Souka, it was impossible to comprehend the current match.

Souka, although I said that you were allowed to give an explanation, however, your specialty is deception to some extent, there is no need to give explanation for this match.

Oh well, though there was no plan to expose their true ability.

Suddenly I feel that someone was looking at my direction, it was a girl with a slightly long ears that’s staring (?) at me.

I remember, she participates in yesterday’s second match and was blown off the grounds instantly.

Was she a Half Elf[1]? I thought so because her ears were a bit small.

Hmm. There was no need for her to keep her eyes on me.

Oh well, it must be my imagination.

Near the seat of that girl, there were people who I recognize.

They were the Tengus.

What!? That girl who was the granddaughter of the elder, her face was deep red.

Although the guards near her seems to call her, but she didn’t move a bit.

Was she sick? Oh well, if there were something they will say it.

So I ponder, and then I leave my seat.

Yakisoba, if I don’t go quickly it will be sold out. Though there was no need to eat, I must purchase it before it run out.

After all, it was a delicious food so it can’t be helped.[2]

After the lunch break ends, it was time for the start of the next match.

The second match…… Souei vs Dagura

There was no need to watch it, it was Souei’s victory.

Although, it seems Souei also intended to hold on for exactly 30 minutes.

Without forgetting to service the spectator, he didn’t neglect to liven it up.

A reliable man was different after all.

However, there was a problem. And that was......,

「Well~then, it finally starting! It is the match of our Souei-sama!!

Contestant Dagura who have no other redeeming features than having a little muscle power. Well then, how will he fight!?

Against Souei-sama, I think he’s a worthless small fry, but at most I wish for your cooperation to liven up the match!」

What a favoritism announcement.

It was already at the level to feel sorry for Dagura.

I interrupted the match at once, and declared the change of the announcer.

As expected, she overdid it. I will stop using Souka for Souei’s match.

And because of that, Shuna enter and replace Souka as the Announcer.

Different from Souka, the adorableness and the tidiness of Shuna seizes the spectator’s heart in a blink of an eye.

That is as if she was using a Skill, but it’s just her natural charm.

「Begin!」

This time for sure the match was starting.

Dagura was,

「UoOOOO! Please look at this, Shion-dono!

The awesomeness of my growth!!」

So he shouts, while cladding his whole body in touki[3], and tackle[4] himself towards Souei with intense power.

That was, just like a huge energy ball, it had a power to blow away the opponent who comes in contact with it.

However,

「It’s just an afterimage.」

Yes.

It’s not a clone, but it was a real afterimage.

A small remnant of magic power particles was left behind by the 『Spatial Transfer』.

Since it have mass and presence, the leftover afterimage body can even be called as a clone.

When you use clone technique to the utmost limit, at that moment it will began to produce false body.

It’s a super high difficult technique, even if you acquire the skill, you might not be able to use it. To master it, you have to keep practicing it, only then you can use the ability well.

He appeared behind Dagura and from his blind spot, an energy ball hit Dagura’s nape.

The energy ball was as big as a fist, but it didn’t have penetration power as strong as Benimaru. However, the effect should be tremendous because it was a blow aiming at the vital point.

By the way, when Benimaru defeated Gozurl with one blow, he uses the energy that he had tempered for 30 minute.

The youki[5]was denser than it usually emitted, it’s refined with the addition of penetration attribute.

Because it has the disposition to break through magic barrier, to defend against that pure aura was impossible.

Against superior enemy than us that mastered the use of multiple barriers, this was one of the effective special technique.

Souei’s energy ball this time, did not have penetration power that strong, it’s just a normal condensed energy ball.

And yet, Dagura was kneeling on one knee after being hit by that attack precisely on the nape of the neck.

「You’re good...... Although I judge you only as a bug who just following Shion-dono, you are quite strong.

Just because you’re a bit popular. Don’t get carried away, you know!

Even your certain kill hit, it won’t be able to inflict even a wound on this great me!」

.......Eh?

Dagura, what do you say?

If you say like that, what about the telephone punch that you made while kneeling?

A wound..... Wasn’t that obvious that the aim was not that!?

My surprise was unrelated, Dagura was raising his touki.

The leaked out youki filled the inside of the barrier, the air near Dagura’s surroundings clearly made a strange fluctuation and started to drift away.

The density was so high that the normal spectator can see it.

Certainly. Only this fellow’s energy was a Demon Lord class.

However, he still didn’t understand how to use it at all. That was, the reason why he was sent and came to this country to study.

Also, it will soon hit the 30 minutes mark. It will end with the next attack.

「Take this! My best attack!! Forest BlasterWrath of Mother Nature[6]!!」

It was a haphazard attack technique.

With all of his strength, he didn’t think about defense at all. If described in one word, he is an idiot.

He concentrates all of the youki that cladding his body on one point, and then he discharged it towards Souei.

It was spreads yet it concentrated only at one point. There is no way to escape, a full offensive technique.

But, that’s only if the opponent can’t use transfer.....

「Fuhahahaa! Though you transfers and run away, I will pursue you anywhere!

To pursue an opponent that’s teleporting, are you really able to do that?

Because it was inside the barrier, he will soon discover him. Anyway, I spot a problem on that technique.

The greatest problem was, it didn’t leave any Youki for defense.

If the attack he received just then was a killing blow then he will be defeated, it was the basic to value defense more than offense.

And then, 30 minutes passed.

Souei just uninterestingly transfer from place to place, just when the time became 30 minutes,

「Death SentenceHazy Life Reaping Slash・ Weak version」[7]

A one-step kill.

Two katana inside one blade, a sword that can attack even the soul.

Physical and spiritual. A sword with different purposes.

This time, a blow with katana that kill the soul. If he uses a skill, he would inflict a fatal damage.

If Souei was not going easy on his opponent, he will already be dead by now.

「It just striking with the back of the sword!」So Shuna explains, the spectator was clapping and cheering, but it was a frightening technique.

Originally, it can cut till the soul, but Souei stop it exactly before it cut the soul.

This guy, not only he fights by using thread, his sword skill is also excellent. Really, I don’t know which one was the better between Souei and Benimaru.

Hearing this Wisdom King Raphael tries to tell me, but I pass. I want to hold on the anticipation.

With this, the second match ended.

The third match…… Gobuta vs Hero Masayuki

Well then, the highlight of this match was, whether the Hero Masayuki was the real thing or not.

Though the Hero Masayuki’s leg seems to trembles a bit, was this guy trembling with excitement?

Really? Was he really the same as Hinata?

I paid my attention to the grounds.

　−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−

(Masayuki’s POV)

Nice to meet you my name is Honjou Masayuki.

What are I’m doing right now? That is what I want to know!

In front of me, stands a slightly cool[8] warrior. It is a Hobgoblin according to what the announcer Onee-san said.

Hobgoblin? She must be lying! How can she said such a cool warrior evolves from a goblin

Or rather, such thing is not important.

The problem is, for what reason I am in a Colosseum-like place, and become the opponent of that Hobgoblin? That is what I want to ask.

This, no matter how you look at it is a duel right now,

No way....... Seriously, I will fight!?

One year has not passes since Masayuki came to this world.

The place he arrived was called Ingrasia Kingdom, he don’t understood the reason why he somehow on that place.Then he was helped by a boy who introduces himself as the leader of Freedom Association.

Though Masayuki thinks that the boy was on the same generation like him, but the boy said that it has been more than 10 years since he came here.

That boy was Kagurazaka Yuuki, he was taking care of Masayuki who didn’t understand anything.

However, from that time Masayuki’s head start to become hazy, at that time he feel his behavior became like someone else.

Just remember it right now, Masayuki realize that he possess Unique Skill『The Chosen One[9]』, he think at that time he consulted about it to Yuuki.

It was a story of the time when 3 months have not yet passed since he came here.

Unique Skill 『The Chosen One』, the effect of the skill was tremendous.

There will be an excellent explanation for him for every action the opponent takes, whatever he does will results as a heroic act and will be praised, it was such an unfair ability.

Moreover, because Masayuki himself attracted super-good luck, the result of his normal attack will become Critical Hit[10].

Well, although the level of Masayuki's kendo skill was just at a hobby level so it’s not a big deal, but he was peerless against bandits or low class monsters.

Masayuki enter the Freedom Association by the recommendation of Yuuki, and began as adventurer.

At that time, he thinks that his abnormally high offensive ability was unnatural when compared with the others, this is when Masayuki first noticed his ability.

However, the real frightening thing about this ability was another.

The effect was also applied to the companions of Masayuki.

And also, even if it was a deed done by his companion, everything will become Masayuki’s achievements.

In other words, all attack of his companions will also become Critical Hit, as they received his blessing. And, every admiration for his companions will become Masayuki’s.

If he remember, because Masayuki possess the desire to become a hero[11] it bring forth this ability.

When Masayuki consulted about this ability to Yuuki, it seemed a smile spout on Yuuki’s face.

After that, his head starts turns hazy, day after day he started to feel like he was becoming someone else.

Masayuki and his companions, growth at an overwhelming speed, after around half a year has passed, he was called as the “Hero[12]”.

He also participated in Ingrasia‘s Tournament but he easily became the champion.

Anyway, just by drawing his sword out, the opponent declared「I give up」 and defeated. The spectator, who saw it, seems to misunderstand it as an instantaneous attack, but actually there was nothing happening at all.

It was one of the effect of Unique Skill『The Chosen One』, they just got hit by the “hero’s Haki[13]”.

To oppose this ability, if it was not an Unique Skill holder with equal power, then the opponent couldn’t resist it. However, it’s never been said that it was an omnipotent ability.

And yet, Masayuki who until yesterday didn’t have any doubt.

We are Invincible. We can win against any kind of opponent. Even if it was baseless he still believed in it.

(WHY! I believe in such foolish delusion....... Or rather, I want to run away. I really want to run away!)

While in confusion, Masayuki tries to comprehend the situation desperately.

If things like this, it was better if his head remains in haze........

So. To begin with, why has the haze cleared up? That was the question Masayuki have.

He remembered! Last night.

He went and saying things like「Prepare yourself, the one who will defeat you is this me!」To the silver haired boy (?) who was the Demon Lord.

Then,「Oh really? Do your best!」While saying that, s/he taps his shoulder.

And then, when he sleeps at night, his head feels refreshed, he awake properly.

Eh? Why am I in this place? It was his judgment on his current situation.

No, the memory was intact, but he doesn’t understand why things had become like this.

Honestly, as just by remembering what he had said, he was surprised by the excessive emotion.

The trust in the looks of the companions he brought with him, he felt shaken by the excessive emotions from it.

「So~, the third match finally starting!

What kind of bewitching fight will it be between the greatest young warrior of Tempest and the Hero Masayuki!?

Well now, the two is staring at each other at the center!」

(Crap. There’s really no time.)

Masayuki’s mind become flustered.

Normally he would have inexhaustible curiosity about how the announcer one-san tail connected to her bottom, however he don’t have it now.

He turns his gaze to the opponent. Then, was it a coincidence? Their gaze perfectly met each other.

If he watched carefully, the opponent was also nervous, the opponent seems can’t settle down.

It resembles the appearance of the opponent in Ingrasia’s Tournament.

So Masayuki thought. Though the haze was cleared up, it doesn’t meant his ability disappeared.

Then, wasn’t the effect of turning his every action into something that’s considered as a heroic act also still remained?

If that’s true.... even if he run away from here, the spectator might interpret it as such, right?

Alright, then let’s go! Masayuki decided it.

After all, if the match begins, he will end up got beaten up. Even if his ability can influence his current opponent, he was uncertain if it can be used on the next opponent.

Because, even though he only took a glance at that large black wolf and the dragonewt warrior, it doesn’t seem to be an opponent he could win against.

Even with weapon made from Mithril[14], he doesn’t think it's possible to penetrate that steel fur and the scales.

Here, let’s run away. That is not a mistake.

What excuse would he make? He suddenly thought about such thing, but he chooses to leave without saying anything.

He was shy, he thought various good excuses..... That’s right! There are the spectators.

So he thinks,

「Wait. This match, I withdraw.」

He frantically tries to mask his trembling voice, and only say things to that extent.

And then without any additional remarks, he immediately turns his back and left.

Having to concentrate this much to move his legs, it was the first experience in his life.

Thus, Masayuki carried out a magnificent escape from the biggest pinch in his whole lifetime.

(Masayuki’s PoV end)

　−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−

Staring at each other in the center of the stage were Gobuta and Masayuki.

And yet, Masayuki suddenly declare a withdrawal, and then he left the place immediately.

As expected, was he only a bluffing brat? Or there were some other intentions?

Gobuta was taking guts pose but,

「Oooooto!? An unexpected happening. It was an unexpected withdrawal from the contestant Hero Masayuki!

However, given the current situation, we will able to see Contestant Gobuta’s true ability in the next match~

Is his opponent contestant Gabil? Or is it contestant Ranga!? Please look forward for it!」

So was the announcement from Souka who returned on this match, she seems to have recalled the next opponent.

Immediately Gobuta’s face turned pale.

If its like this, it had been better if I was defeated right now-ssu! So was the audible voice that comes from Gobuta’s heart.

Though the spectators begun to become noisy,

「That’s it! Is it because he in front of the Demon Lord he can’t be serious!?」

「Now that you mention it! Because the Demon Lord didn’t participate in this tournament, he withdraw!」

「Well, isn’t it because he won’t be able to fight the demon lord that he doesn’t have a reason to stick around?, in any case the strongest one will be made clear as black and white.」

「So he didn’t have a hobby to beat up the subordinates, except for the Demon Lord himself? As expected from Hero Masayuki!」

And so forth, they start to consent with the astonishing explanation.

Then,

『Ma~Saayuki, Ma~~Saayuki!!』

It has becomes a large chorus.

To this cheering, Masayuki answered by raising one hand.

Although his action was a bit clumsy.

What is this? Is this a religion!?

I somewhat felt startled by it.

Why does just by declining to a match, he received such high evaluation? I can’t understand what the people were thinking.

But, why he stopped the match suddenly?

《Solution. Last night, because the contact with master, the brainwashing by Yuuki was lifted off. That is the result from his judgment.》

Ah! So that was it.

Or rather, I can lift it with my youki? His last night condition must be because the effect of the Brainwashing = Thought Manipulation[15].

However, if the brainwashing was cleared suddenly, then, he must be feeling nervous. It then leads to.......... him withdrawing, did he decide that action after he thinks about it desperately?

If that’s the case, it was wonderful one.

I need to commend him later. He was a good example of Japanese Person. I want to hear his stories too.

I will ask Hakurou later to make Sushi, however I will need to ask him to come.

Anyway, though it was unexpected, the third match also ended.

The fourth match…… Gabil vs Ranga

Well then, it was the final match for today.

This match, frankly I already know the outcome.

So pitiful, no matter how hard he works, there was no chance for Gabil to win.

As I thought, Gabil begin to attack Ranga with his spear as soon as the starting signal was given, but it was repelled by Ranga’s fur so the attack didn’t reach.

The compatibility was the worst as well.

Vortex of water was produced, it tried to seize Ranga, but the vortex’s momentum was killed by Ranga’s Tempest ability.

He attacks from the sky too, but because Ranga has acquired the ability to run in the sky, it can’t become an advantage for Gabil.

Obviously, the breath attacks also useless against Ranga.

This was a very unlucky lot.

He met an opponent he can’t win against.

Was it the side effect of『Tuner』? There was a time where he was lucky, but there also times where he was unlucky.

Although it’s easy for him to be lucky at critical moment but I think on other occasions his bad luck will come out.

Last time, like when he was fighting against the Holy Knights, it might be the result because he was lucky.

Thanks to that, this time the situation becomes like this.

Well now, the attack from Gabil ends, and everything were end up useless.

The rest was the delightful play time for Ranga.

It was harsh too. Since Gobuta win the last match by default, the match remaining time was added onto this match.

For one whole hour, Ranga will be playing to his heart's content.

Oh well, it becomes a training for Gabil, it also becomes a good appeal for the spectators.

Gabil, do you best!

I’m cheering for Gabil inside my mind.

And I join my hands for prayer.





Chapter 108: Tournament - Finals Part 3


Following the qualifiers, the first day of the finals ended safely.

Gabil did his best. With indomitable spirit, he stood up over and over again, seeming like a wall that couldn’t be passed.

His figure left a deep impression, captivating the spectators.

Oh well, Souka secretly ignored Gabil’s attempts to give up no matter how many times he tried.

「Ooootto, what did you say? What? “I can still do it...... Don’t underestimate me?”

Contestant Gabil, what motivation! Such an unyielding man! He still hasn’t given up~!!」(Souka)

No matter how you look at it he already gave up, but his luck run out when Souka became the announcer.

After all, for a full hour, Ranga toyed with him[1].

Since the spectators didn’t know the circumstances, it seems that Gabil was remembered as an unyielding man.

I can’t decide whether that’s a good or bad thing.

However, I want to say that “I’m glad it’s not me!”

When the match ended, everyone returned to their respective inn.

I got up from my seat and started to walk away to invite Masayuki for a meal.

̀「Please wait a bit. I have something I want to ask.」 (Unknown)

There was a person who called me to halt.

It was the half elf girl from before.

With pale light blue silver hair and her jade eyes, she was a super bishoujo[2].

「Ah, so you are here! Ah!*surprised*, Rimuru-dono, it’s been a long time.」(Elalude)

Before I could reply to the girl, a person came and greeted me while panting. Did he come running? It was Duke Elalude.

「Ah! Duke, it’s been a long time. Are you well? And, is she your acquaintance?」(Rimuru)

She was a person the Duke was hurriedly looking for.......

Although I expected it, more or less let’s listen to his word*

「Ah! Allow me to introduce you.

This is Her Majesty, the Empress of the Sorcery Dynasty of Sarion, Elmeshia Elure Sarion.

Her Majesty, this is the person I told you about before, Demon Lord Rimuru-dono.」 (Elalude)

Pretty much, she was the ruler of the country who supported me. After he introduced the empress to me, he introduces me to her.

「Umu. I know. This one[3] is the Empress of the Sorcery Dynasty of Sarion, Elumeshia Elure Sarion.

I hope we will get along well.」(Elumeshia)

Although she a bishoujo, she emits a solemn aura.

I think she might have suppressed it before, but the person before me is without a doubt someone worthy of being called an Empress.

「Hello, I’m Rimuru, the King of Tempest. Please take care of me as well!

Since I’m ignorant with the etiquette of King, please pardon my rudeness.[4]」(Rimuru)

I introduce myself as well.

Oh dear, I sounded like an upstart Outlaw.[5]

I wish you would excuse me from such stiff formalities. How should I put it, since the empress came dressed as an adventurer, I want to think something like that should be fine.

「Umu, it’s not a problem. Such things aren’t important.

What is with this country’s outrageous war potential! That’s the real issue!」(Elumeshia)

She pressed me for answers while forcefully barraging me questions.

Beside her, Duke Elalude was greatly perplexed.

We changed locations, and we were now talking while eating dinner.

I wanted to eat with Masayuki, but I gave priority to the Empress of Sarion this time. Though it was regrettable, it couldn’t be helped.

According to the Empress.

Although she was a master in magic, she was defeated by a strong devil and couldn’t do a single thing about it. That devil was Dagura.

Furthermore, he instantly defeated countless opponents by himself. He was a surprisingly outrageous opponent.

Despite this, that devil was easily[6] defeated by by a single Tempest executive.

She couldn’t accept this and became indignant.

By the way, the Empress in here is a homunculus[7] that she transferred her consciousness into.

So, there is no need to worry about her getting hurt, although she was frustrated about her loss.

「Well you see, because Her Majesty was never lost before. When it comes to magic she’s the best....

Therefore Her Majesty, what i can say? Since it was a Demon Lord, it won’t turn out as a half-assed tournament.」(Elalude)

Duke Elalude soothes her as if he’s given up on it.

She acted recklessly because there was no danger to the real body, thanks to that I think Her Majesty’s selfishness was great.

That night, I enjoyed conversing with Sarion’s Empress, and successfully struck an agreement about future technology.

Although it was just a verbal promise, it was a promise between fellow rulers. I don’t think it will be broken.

After successfully making a promise with the Sorcery Dynasty of Sarion, I can say that the tournament was already successful.

I’m pleased with the progress, and I’m convinced that the relationship between our countries will become even better in the future.

And then, the night grew old, as the morning of the second day of finals arrived.

　−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−

The second day of the Finals.

The fifth match…… Arnaud vs Beretta

A noteworthy match

Although Arnaud said that he would conceal his status as a Holy Knight and registered as Mask Knight...

「Eh? He doesn’t depend on others, right?

The one who is called the strongest of holy knights that vows to protect people how could he do something like run away [8]?

If he is a man, it must be a fight fair and square! Isn’t that right, Arnaud-san?」 (Demon Announcer)

Souka seems to have asked again while smiling sweetly.

She ended her words with “fool”.

「Hahaha, of course. A Holy Knight wouldn’t run away from any fight!!」(Trapped Knight)

Maybe because he was desperate, he was muttering “it will be alright if I win--If I win!” It seems he decided to continue without concealing his true identity.

He’s just like a young rabbit that has been ensnared in a trap

No, I think that conversation about escaping wasn’t needed right? Well, whatever...

A wicked smile seems to have appeared on Souka’s face.

Or rather, when she was still Abil’s Imperial Guard, she looked like an obedient and good child, but she changed suddenly after she revealed the fact that she was a woman.

Was this her original personality? Or did she receive a wicked influence from someone (Probably Souei)?

Or, it might be both.

She has grown into a frightening little demon.

It’s too late now. I must be careful so I don’t end up ensnared in a trap as well.

「Begin!」(Souka)

While I was thinking about the pitiful Arnaud, the match began before I realized.

Arnaud was taking a distance from Beretta, vigilantly holding his sword.

As expected, it seems he won’t attack carelessly.

「It started right. The day to show off Beretta’s strength has come right!」(Annoying Fairy)

I was surprised! Suddenly Ramiris came and spoke near my ear.

Veldora and Milim also came along from behind.

「Y-You guys. Weren’t you all engrossed inside the Dungeon?」(Rimuru)

「Fuhahaha, Rimuru. It was completed a while ago. You'll looking forward to it!」(Milim)

「Since I also have an interest in the tournament. Yesterday, I performed Probability Manipulation of Investigation King Faust[9].

In yesterday matches, weren’t the matches concentrated with ones that had clear results?」(Otaku Dragon)

WHAT・DID・YOU・SAY・!?

That explains why for some reason people with similarly problematic powers were fighting each other.

And, did he manipulate it so that the combination he didn’t have interest in would be concentrated in yesterday’s match?

Certainly, there are a lot of highlights[10] in today’s match.

The combination like『Arnaud vs Beretta 』right now and『Lion Mask vs Diablo』, were matches that Ramiris and Milim did not want to miss.

For something that he considered uninteresting, he still accurately manipulated it.

“Let’s overlook it for the sake of such interesting events like this one”, he will never say such generous words, huh? As expected of him.

「Oh well, I don’t have an interest in the outcome, but it will serve as a good reference! Kuahahahaha.」 (Veldora)

Veldora began proudly laughing.

Unlike the old him, he seems to have become interested in the matters of strengths and weaknesses. It must be the influence of Manga.

Now, he seems to be researching a beautiful way to win. What a hardworking fellow.

Oh well, since he is such a strong person, I didn’t think that he would let his imagination run wild for such useless things.

While I was surprised by the entry of Ramiris and co, the match showed a new development.

Arnold’s sword attacks were easily repelled by Beretta’s arm. Although it continued for some time.....

「Ootto, Contestant Arnaud’s attacks cannot pass at all?

Is he going easy on his opponent? But if these are serious attacks then is he unworthy to be called the strongest Holy Knight!」(Souka)

That brief comment was a sharp wound.

But those words couldn’t disturb Arnold’s mind yet.

「Hah. Every attack so far was for the sake of a plan. Look below it’s feet everyone!」(Arnaud)

Trying to look good, Arnaud pointed below Beretta’s feet.

There, a magic formation was drawn without anyone having become aware.

At the intervals between the sword attacks, without being noticed he had been drawing the formation by scattering silver dust.

He was a skillful man.

However, to be able to fight with this method, it seems he wasn’t a simple muscle brain.

「Activate! Holy Field・Weak version!」(Arnaud)

So Arnaud shouted after he throws the Shuriken[11] with Barrier Tag[12] attached to them in four directions.

Crystals were embedded in the handle of the Shuriken. Apparently, they were charged with Magic power, so it seems to enable the invocation of the barrier in a short time span.

Although he said it was weak version, to able set up Holy Field by himself..........

It seems that Arnaud is a man who cannot be underestimated.

However, the equipment was made by Kurobee for Arnaud to test[13], so frankly it can be said that Kurobee was his contributor........

It seems that after doing various experiments with Arnaud, the two got along well with each other.

Thanks to that, the quality of weapons from Tempest seems to have increased as well. It’s really a great thing.

Normally, although it is just a weak version of the Holy Field, most people would succumb to it when confined inside.

It might be that only some of the executives would be able to cancel such a barrier.

Is there even a method to completely capture Benimaru and Souei?

Because the ability compatibility was only to this extent, I was unable to judge its strength and weakness.

And, in the current situation, the compatibility was very bad. And for Arnaud...

「It’s useless. Because of the ability given to me by Rimuru-sama, I don’t suffer the effects of Holy Field.」(Beretta)

Beretta moves to counterattack against Arnaud for the first time while informing him indifferently.

It can be understood that Arnaud’s sword attacks were not effective because Beretta has physical attack nullification.

Also its body was created using Magic Steel.

Beretta’s fist was clad in helical mix of Youki and Aura[14] emitted from the Unique Skill『Saint-Demon Fusion[15]』, then it fired that bizarre energy.

The disposition was similar to 〈Energy Combat Arts[16]〉Aura Blade, but the power had increased tremendously.

It’s also possible to shoot it at high speed.

Though it seems not to have been concentrated to the level of penetration like Benimaru’s, the constant touki that clad its whole body was still beautiful without any blemish.

The level was different from the irregular touki that Dagura emits.

The power was not just simple Youki and Aura, one blow from that fist could be considered a Finishing Move[17].

Beretta who shifted over to offensive let out an attack with fearsome precision.

The spectators seemed to see the match as a great one, but my eyes couldn’t be deceived.

Beretta hadn’t shown its true power. It only fought with 30% of its power.

「Fufu! How’s dat! How’s about dat! My Beretta, seriously cool!」(Ramiris)

Ramiris flew around my surroundings, boasting with a self-satisfied look.

Not enough to only show it to me, she was also boasting to Veldora and Milim.

Veldora only replied,「Humph, even so I am stronger!」but,

「Fufun[18], it’s okay for you to be excited now.

Tomorrow my Lion Mask will dismantle your Beretta, I’m sure of it!」(Milim)

Not wanting to lose, Milim answered back to Ramiris.

Geez, is this a children’s squabble?

Furthermore, don’t you think we should have worried about the pitiful Arnaud-san?

The brutal announcer herded him into a situation where he couldn’t surrender, so his situation was hopeless.

Or rather, won’t Arnaud’s spirit[19] be broken by this?

Just with this, my own assessment of him considerably increased.

When the fight between Ramiris and Milim ended, the match had also ended.

Of course, it was a victory for Beretta.

Arnaud used a Special Move he calls “Meteor Slash[20]” or something like that, but the sword broke and crumbled when came in contact with Beretta’s body.

Oh well, it was natural that the sword lost its durability after striking the hunk of steel that is Beretta’s body continuously.

The weapon will accumulate damage little by little even if the weapon is clad with touki.

Even though his sword was broken the match continued.

But Arnaud conceded defeat, and so the match ended.

His sword being broken was just an excuse. In reality, he wasn’t able to land a single hit on Beretta.

However, since the spectators didn’t know about it, the skillful announcer followed up Arnaud.

「Unfortunately because his sword has broken, he must reluctantly surrender from the match.」With such an explanation, the spectators understood.

Souka, I will treat you to a meal! So I thought with teary eyes, somehow she gave a skillful commentary. However I pretended not to know about it.

Arnaud’s honor was protected. That is good.

Thus, the fifth match ended with Beretta’s victory.





Chapter 109: Tournament - Finals Part 4


It’s the main act. Milim was extremely excited; she was encouraging (threatening) the Lion mask. I heard her say “Do you understand what will happen if you lose?” but whatever could she mean? Perhaps it’s better not to know. And with the signal audible to all, the match began.

They stood in the middle, observing each other. The two devils before us were displaying an overpowering presence. And the fact that they did not release even a hint of their aura made the situation all the more bizarre.

.

Karion never doubted his position as a being of strength. Until he was defeated by Milim, that is. But as a result of his loss, he learned that a league beyond his own existed. Thus, today he was observing his opponent with a composed gaze of a true warrior, not the prideful gaze of the strong.

This guys is insanely dangerous.

(Wha… the… hell? What’s a devil on par with a demon lord doing here?!)

Normally, Karion wouldn’t care about his opponent’s strength–rushing in with a smile on his face, ready to accept defeat. However, even though he has delegated his royal responsibilities to Milim, he lived as Milim’s shield. “Lose a battle, win the war!” Is not an excuse he could rely on. So, training with these thoughts in mind caused him to increase his powers beyond what he had as a demon lord. After all, he has been used as daily stress relief for Milim during what she called sparring sessions. Of course he’d get stronger from that. Let your guard down and you’ll end up in a different world. Survival required him to strengthen his own body. Thus, he became much more cautious, and stronger. And yet, even the experienced eyes of Karion could not see the depths of his opponent’s strength.

“Hey, Lion Mask! You do understand, right? Your job is to trash that doll (Beretta) in an upcoming match! I will not allow failure here! As my underling, get fired up!”

Yet for some reason, he felt no encouragement from her words. Large drops of sweat fell from Karion’s forehead. What will happen if he loses? There’s no need to guess: a hell of a training will await him. So far, he’s endured easy mode and normal mode training, but has yet to unlock hard mode. And according to the rumors, there’s also the ultimate course “hell mode” which cannot be reached by an average person. If he loses, he will certainly be thrown into it. So even against such a dangerous opponent, there’s no choice but to get fired up.

“Kufufufu. You don’t look too well. However, I cannot hold back. Since I have joined the battle for the sake of my rank, I must be a little serious this time.”

Tch. Tch. Looks like the opponent isn’t holding back, Karion thought,

“I, too, cannot lose. My bad, but I’ll be going all out from the start!”

He replied. And immediately afterwards,

“Begin!”

Editor note: this must be the signal that Rimuru noted previously. So no, this chapter does describe the start of the match twice.

Souka’s command reached their ears. And as if tearing the air around them, a battle cry reverberated through the arena. It was Karion who roared. Covered in white silver bristles, he revealed his magic beast form. He was not aiming for victory while preserving his strength; rather, he sought to win quickly by using all of his strength. Denting the arena floor itself, he released his fighting spirit along with the Byakko-Seiryugeki. A large crack ran through one of the stone slabs on the floor. The depth of the crack testifying to his steps’ power. “I got him!” He thought, and confidently slashed the Byakko-Seiryugeki at Diablo’s neck. He had just covered 10 meters in an instant to land a fatal blow, while wielding the Byakko-Seiryugeki–a legendary item that could cut through any and all barriers. Half-baked defensive barreirs will not be able to withstand its mighty blade. Karion’s confidence came from the fact that no being could evade the coming blow.

It was a sure-kill strike that would bring him decisive victory before his enemy could gauge his strength. So thought Karion.

“Beast Strike!!”

The spear’s tip split into two, preventing Diablo’s escape.

The fangs of the Byakko and the Jaws of the Seiryuu. These two slashes embodied the true strength of the Byakko-Seiryugeki. One destroys all the barriers of an escpaing foe while the other decapitates them in a single strike. A perfect maneuver. And perfect timing.

Thus proclaiming his confidence, a fearless smile appeared on Karion’s face. And at that moment, Diablo’s figure vanished.

(Teleportation?!)

Karion was startled for a moment, but then regained his calm and used magic perception to observe his surrounding.

High ranked devils are those who mastered transfer magic. Pulling it off instantly and without a chant was unexpected, but nothing that can’t be dealt with. In the space-time category of abilities, Transfer consumed the most magical energy. Creating a gate and stabilizing space is the safest, and consumes the least magical energy to move. However, what Diablo did just now–transferring without the use of a gate, even when moving by himself–was ten times as costly. And to teleport without the use of a chant… only a handful of high ranked devils could do that. This isn’t an ability usable by just anyone. And the teleportation ability just now, it’s an advanced ability above spatial transfer. Spatial transfer may look instantaneous to the average person, but in the eyes of a master there’s a slight time lag. However teleportation happens literally in an instant, time lag doesn’t occur. It is the pinnacle of the transfer type abilities. This isn’t an ability that could be used in rapid succession. As a counter measurement against it, one should go on the defensive, and wait for the opponent to exhaust himself.

The opponent would weaken faster than yourself. So there is no need to hurry. In fact, since Diablo did not escape using spatial transfer, that means the could not have avoided it otherwise.

(Tch. Lucky guy. If I didn’t use my sure-kill strike right from the start, he would have wasted magical energy pointlessly……)

Karion thought, carefully maintaining his attack stance. He repeatedly attacked in order to bait his opponent to consume his strength. And, every time he would get away in an instant. He patiently waited for a chance. Diablo continuously transferred around, making a fool out of Karion.

(But, what an awesome amount of magical energy. How long can he keep transferring…)

Though he had teleported only once–at the start, he had not transferred himself a countless number of times. To continuously transfer without chanting, this is impossible even for an Arch Demon. He knew the demon before him was an abnormal existence, however it surpassed his wildest expectations. But Karion did not get impatient. That’s because among monsters, there’s his own shockingly unreasonable master (Mirim) whom he always keeps company. So he stuck to basics and observed, paying attention to his opponent’s reactions. Constantly looking for a chance. Karion’s actions were reasonable, and, in fact, correct. If his opponent wasn’t Diablo, that is…

“Kufufufu. Analysis, complete. I have obtained data about your physical prowess. I’ll proceed to verify. Since it’s a little dangerous, please be careful.”

Diablo, who had been transferring around until now, suddenly said.

And cold sweat ran down Karion’s back. his instincts screamed “danger!” A myriad fireballs floated around Diablo, radiating monstrous heat, hiding powers Karion could not perceive. Karion was resistant to fire and frost, but there’s a limit to resistance. Karion released his battle spirit in all directions, creating a barrier to prevent the fireballs from hitting. The impact was so strong that Karion almost lost consciousness as the barrier was crushed; however, he had successfully defended against all the fireballs. And although an intense heat followed, the barrier weakened it to levels that Karion’s resistance could endure.

“It’s my turn, eat this! Beast Roar!!”

While arranging his barrier, Karion converted his magical energy into raw destructive force. An attack aiming for the moment when the opponent was exhausted right after deploying an attack, this was Karion’s Strongest sure-kill magic particle cannon. This time for sure, the finishing blow! As if responding to Karion’s thoughs, the dreg magic particles emitted by the golden light burned the surrounding air. At this point, he wasn’t holding back at all. All of his power was behind this attack.

“Kufu, kufufufufu. Wonderful. This shows the brightness of your soul! However, you have used this attack a little too late. What a shame.”

Diablo’s voice reached Karion’s ears. And, as if the world had stopped, as if time itself refused to continue, the light stopped right in front of its target. That is, right in front of Diablo.

“Impossible!” Karion, thought, and quickly moved to create some distance. And then, he felt as if is mind and body were separated. Even if he tried to turn around, he felt his body fixed in place. He could see himself firing his sure-kill beast roar

“Wh-what is happening?!”

Karion asked, impatiently. And, happily in response, Diablo said,

“Kufufufu. This is my ability, “Paradise Time.” In this world, the time has stopped and only the two of us are conscious. Originally, I had planned to make you into my pawn, but your will was too strong. I might not be able to tempt you. Be proud of the fact. However, your spirit is weak against intrusion. Evidence that your mentality is poorly trained. So rejoice. You can still grow stronger. My lord, Rimuru-sama and his ally Milim are like sworn siblings, so consider this a service. Learn from this mistake and devote yourself wholeheartedly to improvement!”

Karion could not understand the explanation, but he realized his defeat.

Directing his consciousness into this world, he again looked at Diablo. And once again realized the overwhelming difference between them. The fact that he could materialize this world itself was something he could never understand. Before such overwhelming information, there’s nothing Karion could have done. In this world, he could not even move magic power.

“Damn it! I’ll win next time!”

He yelled sorely with his last bit of strength. And Diablo’s voice responded,

“World’s end!”

As he had said, the world itself began to collapse, with Karion’s consciousness getting caught up and disintegrated.

Had Diablo not rescued him in the end, he would have perished in the real world as well. And also, the Beast’s Roar destructive power too was caught up in that world’s collapse. So it will probably vanish in the real world. Such is Diablo’s ability. The ability to control the life and death of the opponent based on their mental strength. The ability of his unique skill “Seducer”, is absolute when activated within the world of illusions. And, “Inversion of truth and fallacy”, the ability to interchange reality and illusions. The embodiment of illusions became reality in the material world. Only by training your spirit could you overcome this ability.

The world regained movement, Karion’s Beast Roar was nullified in the illusion world, and no damage was dealt to Diablo. All mental damage was conerted into physical damage, leaving Karion wounded all over.

“I… have lost…”

“Kufufufufu. Wise decision. If this continued, I would have no choice but to kill you.”

Karion’s defeat marked the end of the 6th round.

“Kufufufu. In the future, don’t forget to train your spirit.”

“Mind your own business. I would do it even without you telling me to…”

Karion glanced at the VIP room among the audience venue. The figure of his master glaring at him while grinding her teeth came into his line of vision.

(Aaa……as expected, she’s completely enraged……)

Karion wanted to cry, but because he was wearing the lion’s mask it wasn’t noticed. Let alone his mind and spirit, what awaited him would bring him to death’s doorstep many times, no doubt about it. Thinking about that, Karion felt gloomy, and wanted to redo his matches.

.

Lion Mask–Karion was defeated. No, I felt hat he tried very hard. His last attack was particularly good. If it wasn’t for Wisdom King Raphael’s explanations, I wouldn’t have understood what happened either. Souka was able to convince the audience that Diablo used some trick; she’s particularly apt at swindling people, it seems. However, that was a good fight. To the audience, it seems like Lion Mask was overwhelming for the most part. Those of us who understood, saw Diablo using an extraordinary ability that lacked any common sense. Few, if any, truly understood what he had done. Other than us, of course.

.

“This is bullshit. That demon, actually defeated Karion and won. It seems there wasn’t much difference in ability but that unique skill isn’t normal.”

Mirim stated her thoughts with vexation. She was now being thoroughly ridiculed by Ramiris, and was even dropkicked with a “Serves you right!”

“In other words, my Beretta is superior!”

That one line enraged Mirim and as punishment, Ramiris was pitifully trussed up like a bagworm on the floor. That string seemed like materialized energy, Ramiris probably wouldn’t be able to break free. Well, you reap what you sow. It is true that Baretta did better,

but Ramiris went overboard. The person she’s making fun of is too evil. And so, seeking to avoid collateral damage, Veldora and I did not participate. Currently, the most pitiful one is probably Lion-san (Karion) who just did his best. Well, you’ll now be trained, and I hope I see you alive in the future.





Chapter 110: Tournament - Finals Part 5


The seventh match… Hakurou vs Damrada

This one I’m interested in. As expected of Veldora’s tampering. I really can’t see the outcome for most of today’s matches. I predict that Hakurou will win, but will it really end up that way? And thus it began.

.

Fumu. With a sigh, Damrada began a light warm up. It’s been a long time since he last had a fight in which he had to go all out. Advancing to the middle of the arena, he stood facing Hakurou. Without rushing, composed. A man who cared for naught but money–Damrada. So the association spoke of him. In reality, he thought that it was natural for others to think that he cared only for money. He was the kind of person who would not hesitate to make money. He was fine with fraud and betrayal as means. After all, the one who was deceived was at fault; only someone who’s suicidal would act without guarantee. For Damrada, those whom he would betray were mere disposable pawns–a lesser life form he cared little for. Beings who have are completely worthless are those who cannot even predict that they will be betrayed. So he never cared what kind of fate awaited those whom he had betrayed. Hence the reason people said that Damrada always brought back dead man’s loot. But there’s a reason that Damarada is fo fixated with money. Expanding an organization costs a lot of money–you have to root yourself in various places in various countries all of which costs money. Which is why Damrada used various means to earn money. All for their great master, the true lord of the Cerberus–Kagurazaka Yuuki! The world “above” would be dominated by the Freedom Association. The underground would be taken over by Damrada’s group–Cerberus. Thus establishing complete dominion. They are also successfully corrupting the Eastern Empire, with “Strength” and “Lady” Cerberus bosses deployed there. They have been supplying weapons and have thus earned their trust. And at an opportune time, Damrada would be switched with the “Lady.” Gaining dominance over humanity was but a matter of time and they had long worked to incite the Western Saint’s Church to eliminate the monsters. Only Holy Empire Ruberion, for some unbeknownst reason, forbid intervention. However, surely that was within their great master’s expectations; all Damrada had to do was to follow. This time, he had received strange orders. Though perhaps what is strange is this country before him. Damrada was ordered to obtain Demon Lord Rimuru’s trust and be recognized as a trading partner. He was told about this Demon Lord’s preference, and the plan was proceeding smoothly with Damrada successfully infiltrating. Of course, the necessary information to get to this point was all manipulated by Kagurazaka Yuuki. Even as he admired his master’s ability, he was also confident in appearing as a merchant. After all, this country stank of money from the moment he entered it. So it doesn’t matter what he would be trading in; there was money to be made here. For Damrada, this was job that was far more interesting than trading with the Eastern Empire, so he could not afford to fail. Therefore, (Maybe going all out would be fun). So, he took a natural stance. And thus the match began.

.

In the center, glaring at each other stood Hakuro and Damrada. Both exhibited auras of masters, but Hakuro was is a Sword Saint. I think that, being unarmed, Damrada would be at a disadvantage, but I guess we’ll see. The moment the match began Damrada instantly closed distance. He started not a single moment too soon, but was moving at a speed that even a seasoned veteran would have hard time dodging. Only because my thoughts are accelerated could I see it. Hakurou, however, casually stepped back and swung down his sword… when did he draw it? For a second there, I though that his sword had cut off Damrada’s legs, but… Kiin! A high pitched sound rang out, and Damrada’s feet had repelled Hakuro’s blade. Though I thought Damrada merely preferred baggy clothing, it seems he is wearing armor underneath. So he isn’t a fool who’d fight him barehanded. Well, yeah, I get it. Each of Damrada’s kicks generate a vacuum blade aiming at Hakuro, who, of course, intercepts it calmly. Returning his sword to the sheathe, he began a series of special attacks using blink-step. Using ＜Blink Step＞ Hakuro can move 5 meters in any direction in an instant and quickly dispose of his enemy. Truly a divine skill–Mist blade (Kasumi-kiri). However, although he shouldn’t be able to see it, Damrada has been receiving Hakuro’s blade without fail. Although every strike should have easily been able to cut off his arm, Damrada remains without wound. He probably has armored his hands as well. But to be able to block Hakuro’s blade, truly wonderful gear he has. Surely it is at least on par with the Templar’s spirit armor. Currently, we are introducing the spirit armor to our market. It seems to be a relic of an ancient civilization that takes a lot of magic energy to make, but tends to surpass the performance of modern pieces. If you threw all of them in classes, you’d have: God Class, Legend, Unique, Rare, Special, and Normal. Spirit armor, even that sold in the common marketplace, would be of at least unique quality. Hinata’s spirit armor is of legendary class. But if hers was legendary, would a god class truly exist? Apparently, Veldora had seen it before. For example, the hero who sealed Veldora was deigned in one. “Seriously?!” I thought, but considering that Veldora said so, I have no reason to doubt him. According to him, when a considerable amount of energy accumulates in an armor, it can evolve. Now that I think about it, wasn’t Karion’s equipment also legendary class? Kurobee seemed very interested in it. At the moment, Kurobee can mostly make unique equipment. But if we use the best material, I guess we really could reach Legendary class. When this event is over, I’ll have him finally finish my blade (katana). I mean, the demon steel has probably been soaking up my energy for a long enough time. But that aside, Hakuro’s Blade is one of Kurobee’s earlier works and is of rare quality. But, in the hands of a sword saint, equipment rank doesn’t matter all that much. Though had it been unique, it probably would cut through the armor. So to repel all of those hits, Damrada’s “touki” must either invalidate physical attacks or he has darn good equipment. Or both. Well, I guess I should just appraise it to find out. Result: I could only discern that the black clothing he is wearing is unique class. To interfere with appraisal skill… his equipment is truly great. But, what a shame! I have a reliable buddy name Raphael.

《Solution. Individual: Damrada has an unnaturally high “touki.” Additionally, I have identified at least 17 pieces of equipment. Each of Unique Class.》

Is what he said. What a rich guy this Damrada is! To have enough money to purchase better equipment than the Templars. What a terrifying guy. The thing about spirit armor, is that lives as a single piece. It disperses and repairs using one’s magical energy. So it’s possible to instantly change the equipment used. Amazing right… the power of money. This got me thinking, and when I look at Kurobee, he looks like he has something to say. We nod at each other. We have our next goal in mind. Lots of armor and weapon plans to draw. And even if we fail, we still go the dungeon money-making machine. Oh, this has gotten fun!

Well, I have gone on a tangent. Doesn’t matter (it does for me!)… I guess it’s rude to Hakurou and Kurobee. Quality of equipment aside, the fact that Hakurou has been pressed this far just proves how much of a master Damrada is. Perhaps a set of invisible nail-blades adorned Damrada’s hands or something, because a set of vacuum blades suddenly assaulted Hakuro. And it’s certainly difficult to dodge what you can’t see. But, Hakurou lightly side-stepped what would have been a fatal wound. As expected. Hakuro’s sent a Dimensional Decapitation attack at Damrada, who blocked it by distorting space. Here, the climax of the battle. If Hakuro is a sword saint, then Damrada is a fist saint. Frankly, both are way stronger than the Templars. Even compared with Arnaud – sorry Arnaud – Damrada is stronger. And that has nothing to do with equipment; their skill is in a different dimension. There’s no point to use equipment you can’t fully utilize; Damrada fully utilizes his. That means that Damrada is not just some upstart loan shark. Speaking of that, I can’t believe a human could fight this well. And they have already exceeded the allotted 30 minutes. Frankly, none of us had fought Hakuro for 30 minutes in an all out battle. Considering that Hakuro has the unique skill『Martial Artist』, Damrada must also possess some kind of unique skill. But since he doesn’t show it, I can’t analyze it. Could it be an internal skill? It would be strange for him to have been fighting on pure skill alone. Or could it be an effect of his unique equipment? It’s a shame I’m not fighting him; can’t gather as much information this way. But, even if Damrada is a true master, humanity has its limit. Even if he had been supported with some item, this long of a battle surely has taken its toll. It’s amazing he could hold his own against Hakuro for 30 minutes straight. In the end, Damrada let his guard down for a moment, and Hakuro had already pressed his sword against his neck. Truly a wonderful battle. Veldora was so impressed he stood nodding. Seems like he has gotten interested in humanity’s martial arts. He would pester me about it later, but that’s a story for another day.

Thus, the 7th match ended in Hakurou’s victory. But, I was able to see Damrada go all out. I guess I will recognize him as a trading partner. Well, I am not the kind of fool who would trust someone from the underworld, but I will use him. He has fought well, and I did not limit the offer to only if he had won. But, trading? What should I have him do, what can I trade with him? I’ll have to think about that. While I was thinking this, the next match was about to start.

＊　＊　＊

The 8th Match, Shion vs. Gerudo

Now then, the last match of the day. Shion and Gerudo. Gerudo, a down-to-earth individual, is normally the head of the engineering corp, but is also the center of our defenses. Well, Tempest doesn’t really have set roles for people, so work gets done by whoever is free. That too is something I plan to change based upon this event’s results. But, for the time being, I wonder who is stronger–Shion or Gerudo? Gerudo’s is a stable, skill of a guardian. Shion’s, on the other hand, is unstable–swayed by her emotions. So is my earlier evaluation of her. Shion who would rampage if circumstances so dictated. But here…

“Begin!”

On Souka’s command, Shion calmly drew her oodachi and took a center stance aiming at his eyes. Her face was calm, her emotions tranquil. In fact, she released an imposing aura quite reminiscent of that of Hakuro. A beautiful stance as if she had become one with the blade itself. Beholding her figure, Gerudo armed himself with the Castle Crusher hammer in his right hand, and the humongous Castle Shield in his left. Befitting his position as the center of our defense, his entire body is clad in “Hebiyama” armor, and with his unique skill『Guardian』it would prove difficult to as much as scratch him. Shion altered her raised her blade above her, as so to swing it down with ungodly speed. As if possessed by Hakuro himself, her movements are fluid without a single wasted moment. “Wha.. seriously?!” I think, staring at her. And not just me–Benimaru and Souei, too, stare at her with wonder on their faces. That Shion, although her speech and conduct is still rather haphazard and she is prone to radical decisions, she has become rather sensible lately. Right, after she had made peace with the Templars. I thought I felt as if a weight was lifted from her, but perhaps she really did experience some kind of change as a result. She is no longer as arrogant nor looks down on humans. Actually, even when she says something foolish, rather than coming from her heart, it’s as if she was kidding. Just like Benimaru, she no longer rampages and has attained a state of tranquility. Shion has grown; perhaps she just become more accepting. The current Shion does not depend on fighting with raw power alone, but as Hakuro had taught, she displays the beautiful devotion to swordsmanship. In other words, actual skill has been added to her capricious nature. As a result…

Shion brought down her odachi sending a shockwave at Gerudo. Of course, something of this level created no more than a smokescreen. But Shion did not waste that opportunity and fluidly slashed again. Gerudo stopped her slash with his shield, but the great odachi, with the awesome power behind it, shattered it. “No way!” Benimaru muttered. Of course, I completely understand. Even Souei appeared surprised. There’s nothing trivial about this: Shion’s proficiency has gone way up. The current attack carried a『Cook』’s effect. The effect was to change『The Slash has been stopped by the Shield』into『The Shield could not stop the slash, allowing to cut through it like butter』. However, Gerudo’s『Guardian』skill interfered. Even though it interfered, the shield still shattered. In other words, her mind surpassed his. Meaning this was her victory.

In the end, as I had predicted, 30 minutes of fierce fighting resulted in Shion’s victory. Gerudo did struggle with all his might, showing us his resolve; but not once did he touch Shion. His equipment destroyed, Gerudo pronounced his defeat, ending the match. Shion’s growth is truly stunning.

I was sure this would be a close fight, but Shion had completely dominated in the eight round. Considering how amazing her growth was in this short while, I guess I should praise her for it. Thus, the second day has come to an end, and 8 names remain.

The third day,

Round 9: Benimaru vs. Souei

Round 10: Gobuta vs. Ranga

Round 11: Beretta vs. Diablo

Round 12: Hakuro vs. Shion

Is what it comes down to. And at this point, I can’t really predict the ending. They are all evenly matched, all are wonderful in their own way. So how will this end? Would we have an unexpected winner, Gobuta?.. My, I can’t wait to see how it all ends!





Chapter 111: Tournament - Finals Part 6


And thus the sun rose onto the third day. The Dwarf King grabbed me on the way out yesterday, so we were partying until quite late. I had wanted to speak with Masayuki, but of course the king takes priority. Well, I guess I’ll have Shuna pass him a message. And there will probably be an opportunity to talk later anyways. While I was partying with the dwarf king, the empress of Sarion joined (trespassed) which led me to in introduce them to each other. We again exchanged promises of research cooperation, so I can probably expect Tempest to develop many wonderful things in the future. Thus, the important topic was decided with alcohol aplenty. Is that alright? I had my doubts about it, but if you think about it, plenty of negotiations conclude while people are drinking. It’s probably something similar to that. The only difference would be the scale–a company matter as compared to a national one.

Now that, including the preliminaries, a few days have passed, the spectators have gotten used to the road to the arena. Plus comfortable housing and delicious meals. The spectators are now merrily proceeding to the arena, smiles on their faces in anticipation of the sights they will see today. Furthermore, not just people from countries who have had a history together, but also those from regions that never before associated with each other are happily chatting together. And Myormiles sent his merchants to spread the rumors of the dungeon among those groups. Should I be impressed or what? They make up some plausible rumors like: “You know those amazing weapons from yesterday? Seems like they were discovered in the dungeon!” But seriously, it is true that I ordered for this to happen, but I did not think things would go so well. In any case, seems like adventurers who specialize in guard duties are also interested in the dungeon now, so a job well done.

Compared to the jubilant spectators, there’s also a group which is dampening the mood. The Tengu. They are very flustered–probably because they have recognized how wrong they were about our power after watching the Department Heads fight. Momiji reddened after seeing Benimaru’s first match, and all the Tengu’s faces turned blue after watching yesterday’s matches. And now, their faces are completely white, as if burned out. Thanks for amusing me with the face color changes folks. Chances are, the color of their faces perfectly corresponds to which memory of disrespect towards me they are recalling. The tengu are a high monster race, possessing strong power and pride, so they probably underestimated my country’s abilities. But, after watching the matches, they have realized just how far off the mark their common sense is which depressed them. Of course, I can’t explain why Momiji turned red after watching Benimaru’s match, but I’m going to guess the tengu will appear once again before me to ask for an alliance. Should that happen, the great Jura Forest will completely come under my dominance, which is probably a good thing.

Now then, I have planned for 4 matches to happen today. It’s a miracle Gobuta is still in the running, but I guess we have 8 individuals of name and fame fighting today. Certainly something worth to watch. Now then, the first match of the day,

9th Round: Benimaru vs Souei

A fight between rivals; I am looking to the outcome.

For this match, it was hard to decide whether Shuna or Souka would be the announcer. Souka is Souei’s subordinate, and Shuna is Benimaru’s sister. While the two were arguing,

「I guess it can’t be helped. I guess it’s my turn now?」

Shion said, raising her hand…

「「It’s not your turn. Sit and watch」」

Benimaru and Souei said simultaneously, quickly shooting down Shion’s suggestion. And the result: Trembling from a desire to do it, Milim stole the mic. Well, yeah. I didn’t expect her to accept being a spectator the whole time anyways. And since she got her hands on it, I doubt she’ll let it go. So she’ll be the announcer for the day. The spectators are perfectly happy with the result. After all, she is clearly a very adorable girl. As long as they don’t figure out her true nature, everything will be fine~. It’s out of my hands now. Let’s pray to the heavens that things will end peacefully.

On Milim’s command, the match began. Both moved at the same time. Souei started by attacking and attempting to bind Benimaru with『Steel Thread』but Benimaru burned all of it using a fire aura. As if it was the most obvious result in the world, Souei quickly dropped this approach. And that;’s when their real battle began.

Benimaru’s crimson tachi crossed with Souei’s twin nijatou. Souei dual wielding, Benimaru with a single flame tachi. Benimaru has turned into a being composed of fire itself, nullifying physical attacks. So Souei’s normal swords could hardly damage him. On the other hand, though ever so slightly, Souei’s resistance was being overcome by the overwhelming force before him. This match was in Benimaru’s favor. Even if Souei had deployed his clones, since they cannot perfectly replicate his abilities, these weaker beings could hardly damage Benimaru. Which is why Souei did not seem as though he intended to deploy them at all.

At this rate Souei will lose… well, when I thought so, he disappeared. Chances are, he had been using a clone to divert our attention this whole time. What a superb actor he is. And, no doubt about it, it was a truly high grade skill. He hid himself using that wonderful performance. And now, he will act with his unique skill『Assassin』which will be really hard to defend against. It is possible to evade the attack if you are conscious of where he is, but as he is now, it has a 100% chance to land. That’s that power of his『Assassin』. And since it’s a direct attack on the spirit, those with untrained spirit will immediately perish. So surely this is Souei’s victory… or so I thought…

「Naive!」

Benimaru shouted, and cut at Souei who had appeared from his blind spot. The tachi stopped right above Souei’s neck, and Souei too stopped moving. Benimaru’s victory. You see, Benimaru has this unique skill『Generalissimo』which he uses to command all the troops. Though it’s not a anti-personnel skill, it does come with a useful perk. Space recognition. He has the highest spatial recognition ability. Normally, he uses it to comprehend the entire theater of battle by viewing the entirety of space and sub-space at once. So once he has perceived an opponent, he will not lose them even if they are but a shadow in the sub space. So it may be impossible to evade Benimaru’s detection. In short, Souei was at a disadvantage from the very first second.

「Fu. My first defeat, huh」

「Yeah, one win a thousand ties」

「One loss, huh? I will no longer fight you. Losing any more is too painful」

「Hahaha, it’s thanks to may ability, that’s all. Skill wise, we’re about the same」

With bitter smiles on their faces, there stood Benimaru and Souei. Truly, they were both skillful. Physical ability is also just about the same; unique skill is what made the difference. Honestly, what a wonderful match! And a thunderous applause filled the stadium when Milim announced Benimaru the winner. The previously ashen-faced tengu Momiji was now bright red, and stood clapping. It’s a good thing she has finally recovered.

Who would have thought that we would have such an exciting match right away? Well, I have now finally decided their standing. Benimaru will be vanguard, Souei will fight from the shadows. Yeah, that’s exactly how we’ve always done things; but now I am certain that this is the best way to do it.

＊　＊　＊

10th Round: Gobuta vs Ranga

TL Note: I do not take responsibility for how you interpret this scene. Remember the importance of consent!

While the excitement from the last match is yet to fall, and right before lunch, we’re going to have our second match. The Clearly-in-the-wrong-place Gobuta, and the I-haven’t-played-enough-with-Gabil-so-I’m-excited-to-go Ranga. Ah, Gobuta’s despair will make my meal delicious. I mean… I hope that doesn’t happen…

The moment the match began, Gobuta charged Ranga… A suicide bombing?! I thought,

「I’ll do it~su… You’re going down~su」

He ran in desperately screaming. He’s serious, ain’t he. Way to go Gobuta. I will not forget your valiant sacrifice! Fare thee well, Gobuta!! Having paid my respects to Gobuta in my heart, I noticed that my food really did seem more delicious with his despair as a spice, and felt a bit rude as a result…

And then, Gobuta activated his extra skill『Union』and clung unto Ranga!

Huh?! I thought surprised. Benimaru, Souei, and Shion too, stood gaping at the scene before us. Completely unexpected. “What the hell is he doing?!” is written on our faces. Ranga is raging, refusing to become one, but is unable to throw him off. His anger reaching its peak, Ranga decided to shoot Gobuta off his back with black lightning. And that was the end for Gobuta. I promptly decided to go down with a full recovery potion in my hand…

「Agagyaaaa…. Aaa, ah, ah? Huh? Huuuh? It doesn’t hurt~su?」

Gobuta lifted his head asking. Seriously?! Even I cannot hide my astonishment. Even the guests, blinded by the light from that lightning bolt, were sure the match had been decided. Knowing how powerful it is, the Department heads were sure Gobuta was killed. Many appeared just like that. I mean, yeah, that’s how it should be. Even I was about to rush in with a full recovery potion before he actually passed away. But he’s completely unharmed. I can hear Ranga’s fangs grind in anger.

≪Confirmed. Individual: Gobuta has awakened the unique skill『Bestow me with thy power! (Magic Wolf Summoner)』. He is now able to unite with a wolf he summoned.≫

W-what did you say!! Is Gobuta a genius?! Actually, I guess he always was. I mean, consider this unification business. Even though not a single of Ranga’s subordinates can do it, Gobuta managed to do it with Ranga who was resisting. In other words, Ranga cannot harm him with his abilities. So it’s a tie. But this is clearly Gobuta’s victory. Milim, what do you think? I sent that kind of glance at her, and she replied with a “I also think Gobuta won!”

「This match has concluded! Winner: Gobuta!!」

Milim announced. And the arena erupted in cheers. Gobuta hopped off the horse, with a look of a cowboy who has tamed a raging stallion. Having heard this announcement, Ranga dropped his head and sat. His tail fell to the ground, motionless.

「Won, I won~su! I actually won~su!!」

Gobuta shouted gleefully, and was congratulated by Touka, Saika, Nansou and Hokusou. No, truly an unexpected result. We did not make bets, but if we did I would have bet against him. So let’s praise him: wonderfully done. To think that he was the kind of guy who excelled when under pressure; he has displayed wonderful growth. By challenging Ranga fearlessly he was able to obtain a unique skill. I guess I will just have to praise him today.

The second match of the day was thus Gobuta’s victory. Truly beyond expectation. Whether it was according to Raphael’s prediction, I do not know, and I bet Raphael would not answer. Such were my thoughts while I was watching the joyful Gobuta.

Before the lunch break, Ranga hobbled over.

「I have no excuses, my master… I have shown a truly disgraceful performance」

Hanging his head, Ranga was reflecting on his mistake. But, in a sense, this is only possible because of Gobuta’s victory. Well, it probably happened because Ranga let his guard down. So,

「Ranga, do you now understand? If you look down on your opponent this is the result. From now on, reflect on your mistake and stop looking down on people!」

「As you have said… I seem to have become too arrogant. I shall be more cautious in the future」

All’s good if he understand. He’s been too laid-back recently, so this is good medicine. In fact, I have to thank Gobuta for teaching Ranga a lesson here. When I thought to add this,

「Of course, I am also grateful to Gobuta. If he calls for me, I will answer his call」

Ranga nodded. What an unfair power Gobuta has acquired–summoning Ranga. Well, I hope the two of them can get along from now on and come to each other’s aid. According to Raphael,『Bestow me with thy power!』is a degraded version of one of my skills, and since I have greater authority, he’ll be able to summon Ranga as long as I don’t need him. Thus, I asked Ranga to take care of Gobuta from now on. In other words, Gobuta can use him in the upcoming matches. So I guess I should look forward to Benimaru vs Gobuta.

＊　＊　＊

After the lunch ended, the next match began.

11th Match: Beretta vs Diablo

If these two fights with all of their strength, I do not know who would win. So it’s a match I was truly looking forward to. Without a shout or a sound, the two smoothly began the match.

From the onset, the two completely negate physical attacks, so this won’t devolve into physical combat. Overwhelming the opponent with one’s abilities may also not work, so it’s best to use just enough power to get through. That is, rather than nuking the entire region, it’s better to fire a single highly dense fireball. Sure, for lower beings–common soldiers, you should burn a large area so that the heat will burn their very lungs, but that doesn’t work on high beings with multiple barriers. So it’s likely that we’ll be seeing some impressive pinpoint abilities. Now then, how will this battle go.

Without a chant, Diablo shot a number of fireballs at Beretta. Every single one being of extreme heat, he probably planned to melt him. But that attack did not as much scratch Beretta, and Beretta countered

「Calamity Cannon!」

He suddenly fired off his 『Holy Demon Combination』instant death unique skill. Suddenly trying to end this with a bang. This skill combines the two opposite attributes–Holy and Demon–and so cannot be blocked. But,

「Kufufufu. I guess I can’t use cheap tricks here. Moreover, testing you here just might end in my defeat」

Seems like Diablo teleported behind Beretta, evading the attack. So completely-unhurt Diablo told Beretta who had fired that instant death skill. No matter how powerful of an skill it may be, Diablo can always evade it using “Paradise Time.” Thus, Beretta’s instant death skill is sealed. But, without appearing nervous at all,

「I see, as expected of Diablo-sama. You are in fact a great demon who has lived for many moons. However, I too am your equal. Please do not hold back!」

He shouted, and wearing “fighting spirit” on his hands, he attacked Diablo.

「Kufufufufu. Oh the young people these days… But very well, I guess I’ll go all out!」

As if with a bow to Beretta, Diablo clad his hands in『Demon Lord’s Ambition』and engaged. Close quarter combat had begun. Punching each other and throwing kicks. Even though I had thought that the caster that Diablo is he’d be at a disdvantage, he actually seemed stronger. Each time he struck, Beretta had to begin regenerating and was thus being pressed. In the end, whether the spirit or the body, the one who crushes the other will emerge victorious. Break the spirit and the defense will crumble. So if you surpass your opponent you win. A good match it was. And one that was easy for the spectators to understand, with a clear victor.

In the end stood only one. Diablo. It was his victory, where he dominated by strength.

「Well, your Beretta did pretty well. But the one who also beat my Lion Mask was just too strong. In other words, it’s not like my Lion Mask would lose to your Beretta!」

I’m not sure if Milim was trying to console Ramiris or make fun of her. After announcing Diablo’s victory she specifically came over just to say that. Seems like she’s still holding a grudge. As for Ramiris, I could hear her teeth grinding, but what can you do–it’s a difference of strength. It was so obvious she can’t refute.

And thus, the third match of the day, though ended in a simple brawl, did not feel like that at all.





Chapter 112: Tournament - Finals Part 7


The twelfth match...... Hakurou vs Shion

It’s the last match of the third day

At the center of the Colosseum, Hakurou stands opposite to Shion.

Inside the tense atmosphere is Milim who act like usual, undisturbed,

「Begin!」(Milim)

She shouted.

Having become more experienced, she gives the announcement fluently.

By the way, Souka doesn’t take the referee role, she just does the victory proclamation.

Because there is the risk that Souka will interrupt the more serious sword fights, she only gives live reports.

Milim, imitating her, doesn’t do anything that would disturb the match.

She is just happy that she could do something, my worry of her behaving wildly hasn’t come true, I’m really thankful it hasn’t.

Let’s pay more attention to the match.

The two brandished their swords against each other with a quiet atmosphere.

It is not a relentless sword clash like the fight between Benimaru and Souei, they just straightforwardly test each others’ offence and defense.

It’s like a calm, flowing river.

However, a sudden downpour made the river surge.

Hakuro yelled out with fighting spirit as he slashed in Shion’s direction.

But, Shion isn’t impatient, with a wonderful example of using just enough power to not injure the opponent, she wards off Hakurou’s slash.

Hakurou is still in contrast to Shion who is always in motion.

They give such impression, however this battle completely turned that image around.

Just like in the yesterday’s battle, Shion obviously had grown. Her fighting method was not the one where she just attacks with all of her strength like she had done until recently, but she has changed into a skilled battling method that stresses the importance of rational tactics.

That is combining strength with technique.This means that her power had increased by one level.

If going by skill level alone, it didn’t match Hakurouyet, but with both her higher physical strength and skill level supplemented by her instinct, she could fight on par with Hakurou.

No, they’re not equal.

Shion who has a flowing sword art, incorporated her irrational herculean strength. Her technique is still immature if compared to Hakurou’s.

In reality, the one who is seriously fighting and was pushed out in this battle was Hakurou.

It seems that Hakurou’s swordsmanship was unable to ward off Shion’s sword attack.

「You have grown, Shion..... Never did I expect that with your sword’s skill you could get this far.」(Hakurou)

「Fufufu. I won’t act violently for forever you know.

My wish is to reach that high place for sure.

With my previous self, I could never be useful for Rimuru-sama.」(Shion)

The swords intersect and repel each other. Once more they face each other by taking a distance.

It’s more than I thought, they began to display the aspect of an advanced swordsman’s match.

Hakurou nods in satisfaction after seeing Shion’s growth.

Souei was the first disciple he took under his wing.

He knows his own ability and duties, while abstaining himself from overconfidence. An ideal disciple.

Compared to Souei, Benimaru and Shion were very different.

No matter how he teaches, they are more about combat rather than theory, and thus, more about strength rather than skill! That was the personality that they carried into their battles.

However, Benimaru as the young warrior of the Ogres[1] was a boy who had a strong sense of responsibility from the beginning.

Therefore, it was good that he was aware that self-conceit could make the people he holds dear hurt.

Like that, Benimaru mastered his awareness and responsibility as a general, he has grown more remarkably than what Hakurou had previously expected.

For Hakurou too, it was truly a joyous thing.

But, more than anything for the problem child Shion to become more mature, Hakurou although very surprised, was also delighted.

For a period of time, Shion’s outrage after being resurrected from the maws of death was an intolerable thing.

Is her mind unstable? Has her heart gone dark[2]?

It was as if her heart had been completely dyed by the violent hatred towards people except her friends.

He had also inspected the situation of “Yomigaeri” special training, but they did not give out the feeling of special training but of venting their anger.

Had Shion’s mind gone mad because she died? So he worried.

If by some chance Shion turned into someone who causes great harm, he had the resolution to personally deal with her using his sword.

However, Shion showed growth.

Shion changed again after being admonished by Rimuru-sama following the fight with the Holy Knights.

In the end, Shion may just be afraid.

Afraid of being killed.

It wasn’t because death is scary, but because she was afraid she would disappear without being any use.

It seemed that finding herself not useful and being forgotten by Rimuru-sama is what she is afraid of, more than anything else, by Hakurou’s analysis.

For that reason, even for a little, she tries to stand out more than others.

The cause was also because she was obsessed with foolish things like ranking order.

She envied the others, she was afraid that if she was not hogging Rimuru-sama’s interest and affection for herself, she would end up forgotten and left behind.

The jealousy in her heart is the cause of her recklessness.

However, Rimuru-sama will never forget about us, once she realizes that, the jealousy in her heart will surely disappear.

In the end, the sense of being securely watched over by a parent was something that protected Shion’s mind.

Now, there is no doubt in Shion’s swordsmanship, such a thing told more than any words.

If she keeps growing at the same rate as now, the day when her ability surpasses Hakurou doesn’t seem far.

(If that’s true, then I can give my undivided attention to the troublesome youths, such as Gobuta and Gabil.)

So he thinks, while a delightful smile begins to shape.

「Now, If you’re able to stop this sword, I will confer to you the full mastery of my arts!」(Hakurou)

He told Shion, and the training sword once more enters it sheath.

The match will be decided by the next strike.

To see Shion’s growth was a godsend.

After this, it is only to enjoy this battle.

Hakurou intended to use Battoujutsu [3].

Shion also noticed it.

However, Shion doesn’t become unnerved. Of course, she won’t use battoujutsu, since her Ōdachi won’t get additional speed when it was drawn.

It’s not like she wasn’t able to do it, but now is not the right time to use it.

For Shion and the others, Hakurou was the closest person to a parent for them.

He was the only person who had raised them since they were young.

That’s why, one of Shion’s objectives was to be acknowledged by him.

And then, after surpassing him, she’ll grow. That’s what Shion thought.

Until recently, the heavy insecurity that had occupied her heart had been completely vanished.

She wasn’t afraid of death.

But, what she feared more than death was to be forgotten.

However, it’s alright now.

Conviction that Rimuru-sama will never forget about her had swept away Shion’s insecurity.

At the same time as the insecurity was swept away, she realized that it was meaningless to envy others.

So, instead of envy, she had surpassed it.

Shion had reached the part where she noticed the meaning of surpassing herself, that “She’s not another person”. In that case, she will always keep on growing.

At the end of that progress, thanks to their longer lifespan she could arrive at a perspective that couldn’t be attained by short-lived people.

When thinking about this, Shion didn’t feel any need to be impatient anymore.

Shion’s growth was accelerated when her insecurity and doubt disappeared. However, it could be called ironic.

That is, something than even Shion wasn’t unable to notice....

The “Envy’s Sprout” that budded inside Shion’s heart once again showed some change.

At the same time as her insecurity and doubt disappeared, the envious feeling towards others was also dispelled.

The outcome of this was that the budding sprout in a surge, turned back into a seed and fell asleep in her innermost heart.

And thus, the budding of Shion’s feelings of envy ceased.

The seed did not vanish when it assimilated with the soul, it blended together with the wavelength of her soul, and engraved the beat.

Did the envy not bud because her anxiety and doubt disappeared? Or did her anxiety and doubt disappear because she no longer goes mad with jealousy? It was uncertain.

Anyway, Shion changed and arrived at the present state.

Next, what Hakurou had released was without doubt a Sword Saint’s Sword Draw Arts.

If someone was able to stop the attack then there was a good chance of winning, it was the weak point of Sword Draw.

The winner and loser would be decided by this one strike.

Shion devoted her entire body and soul and made a posture to prepare against Hakurou’s attack.

「Dim Stream Slash[4]!」(Hakurou)

Hakurou’s figure become indistinct, thin like air, despite the fact that Shion’s perception was not inferior in speed, it was obstructed for a moment and before she realized it, he had already appeared before her eyes like an optical illusion.

The shining blade was flowing as if it would cut through the neck,Hakurou’s victory seems to be confirmed.

「Not yet! “War Goddess Release[5]”!!」(Shion)

Shion transforms by utilizing the Unique Skill『War Goddess Transformation [6]』.

When the doubt inside Shion disappeared, the skill『Demonification』changed into『War Goddess Transformation』.

It’s not a skill where someone loses their awareness and rage like a berserker. It’s an ability that purely raised physical power.

Just like Benimaru’s『Demon Flame Transformation[7]』, it was an ability where they’re able to use the properties of their soul body.

Shion is in a state where her body’s strength was transferred into her soul body without any change. However, it consumes an extreme amount of energy, so it can’t be used for a long time.

This moment is when the decision concluding this offence and defense is made.

With her current self, she can’t match Hakurou. That’s why, she use all of her ability.

Under the effect of Unique Skill『War Goddess Transformation』 a fierce and powerful Touki overflows from Shion’s entire body.

All her senses are sharpened at the same time and the power overflowing from Shion can be felt.

The current Shion is able to clearly see Hakurou’s “Dim Current Slash” that could even confuse one’s speed perception.

Evasion is unnecessary.

She will not receive damage from that katana. Shion understood that in an instant.

However, Shion chose to respond to it with her greatest technique without hesitation.

「ChaoticThe Apocalypse and Genesis of FateLife and Death of the Universe[8]!!」(Shion)

Putting her whole will in it, it could even alter the outcome.

She twists her body while sending her Ōdachi from below and intercept Hakurou’s blade.

Hakurou’s blade that was aimed to slash at Shion’s neck was intercepted by Shion’s Ōdachi.

Despite that there wasn’t even a chance for it to make it in time, Shion’s accelerating sword speed broke common sense and overwrote the result.

Light flickers, and a broken edge flew in the air.

Shion’s Ōdachi beat and cut Hakurou’s training katana.

Shion quickly retracted her blade and swung down with her overhead raised Ōdachi

A clear voice with high pitched tone could be heard as Shion’s Ōdachi was stopped by the Magic Sword “Tenma” [9] in Milim’s hand.

「Stop! Any more than this is prohibited. This match shall be Shion’s victory!」(Milim)

Milim proclaimed Shion’s victory with an expression as if nothing had happened.

Shout of joy wrapped the Colosseum.

Milim interrupted the match and stopping Shion’s sword, few people noticed the real situation.

But, Hakurou and Shion simultaneously understood. If she continued her slash, Hakurou might receive a fatal damage that couldn’t be reversed even with regeneration.

「I’m sorry......Hakurou. I want you to see my growth, unconsciously I.....」 (Shion)

「What~ I don’t really mind. I also wanted to see your seriousness. No, I’ve already seen enough.」(Hakurou)

Hakurou forgives Shion when she apologizes.

Towards those two,

「Oi, you who is called Shion. I will personally teach you next time.

You should be pleased! That strike just now was a strike that could even slay Demon Lord you know!」(Milim)

So Milim says.

However,

「Eh, no, I need to decline. After all, I’m not that really interested in becoming strong.」(Shion)

As one would expect, Shion decline if her opponent is the Tyrant Milim, and chose to escape.

「What did you say!? You should take the responsibility for chipping my Magic Sword “Tenma”!」(Milim)

Milim made a fuss, but if she minds it then she’s already lost.

Shion made the right choice, resolute on making a speedy escape from the arena.

「No, it’s not chipped, its only degraded by rust. There is no problem.

For becoming an important JudgeReferee for today, thank you very much.」(Shion)

After she said that, Shion started to flee and quickly left that place.

Milim had face that say “Hum!?” she began to laugh as if she gave up on it.

Milim’s laugh reverberates in the Colosseum. This match’s victory goes to Shion.

The winner of final match on the third tournament day is Shion.

With this, the best 4 people are all present.

　−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−

I was surprised.

Shion was able to confront Hakurou directly, but I was more surprised by her victory.

However, what surprised me the most is Milim who read the situation and intervened.

I think that If Milim’s intervention didn’t come, Hakurou would be dead. It’s good that she intervened.

「MIlim, You really helped me by stopping Shion there, thank you!」(Rimuru)

When I say my thanks,

「Wahahahaha! What~ It was a good thing.

However, your subordinate called Shion, that one is growing up.

You don’t need to be worried about that Guy fellow!」(Milim)

So she answered with laugh,

「The thing is, will I also make a live report tomorrow?」(Milim)

So she demands from me while inclining her head, a smile on her face.

She will not accept a refusal.

*Glimpse* I glance at Souka,

「Understood. Then Milim-sama, let’s us both make a live report together!」(Souka)

It seems Souka will not yield in this.

Well, whatever. Perhaps something will happen tomorrow.

Milim and Souka, I acknowledge that those two would perform the live report for tomorrow’s matches.

The schedule for the fourth day,

The thirteenth match....... Benimaru vs Gobuta (+Ranga)

The fourteenth match...... Shion vs Diablo

Also, the match to decide the 3rd place.

Well, what will happen?

We left to go home while thinking about tomorrow’s outcome.

　−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−

In the night.

The meal with the Hero Masayuki that been delayed was achieved.

Oh well, it was not such grandiose thing.

「Wa, it’s nice to meet you, is it fine? I’m the Hero (LOL) Masayuki.......」 (Masayuki)

While blushing, Masayuki introduces himself as a Hero.

Yeah. If he still had the original world’s sense, there’s no one who would not be embarrassed when calling oneself a Hero.

It’s just like the feeling of when you’re called and made fun as a muscle-brained Hero inside a game.

And, he called me out when we meet before.

At that time, he was still under Yuuki’s brainwashing, but he remembered that the response can’t be taken back. Therefore it seems to have become an unpleasant feeling.[10]

After all, I’m a Demon Lord.

As the opponent, I can be considered a boss that needed to be defeated

I think his mental state can be called very complex now.

However, such a sick feeling should be cleared if I prepared a meal to eat together.

「Oh well, although this is not our first meeting, “nice to meet you[11]”, should do.

I’m Demon Lord Rimuru. My real name is Mikami Satoru. I’m a former salary man.」(Rimuru)

So, I first spoke frankly to ease the mood.

It’s been a long time since I’ve spoken that abandoned name, but it flowed more nicely than I thought.

「Eh? By any chance... are you a Japanese person? 」(Masayuki)

Oh well, my looks is a pretty girl.[12] It’s natural if he doesn’t believe it.

「Well, yes. Shall we talk about it while we eat?」(Rimuru)

I said so and invited him to a meal.

Masayuki is deeply moved because of the sushi and udon displayed in front of his eyes, we’ll be able to have a decent conversation after the meal.

「I understand. It’s okay if I become Mikami-san’s subordinate!」(Masayuki)

Although I still not said anything yet, he said such words as soon as we finished eating.

What did you understand? I completely don’t understand.

No well......., although I can understand that he’s starved for Japanese food.

「Subordinate, you are.....」(Rimuru)

「No, it’s okay. Because, I don’t has any attachments for something like Hero.

To be frank, it’s embarrassing to be called『Masayuki』[13].

No, actually, I was troubled how should I resign you know.」(Masayuki)

So he starts talking freely.

He told me that he attended college prep-schools[14] back in the former world and was also a bright honor student.

His secret and hidden hobby was that he liked to read Manga and Light Novels, but thanks to that he had the desire to become a hero, so he complained about this.

After that, we talked about various things and explained about each other’s circumstances.

Well, I only talked a bit, I almost became an expert at listening.

It seems he really wanted to talk, he explained lengthily and in great detail.

It seems Masayuki was unable to speak what was inside his mind, because his companions worshipped him as if he was a God.

With such circumstances, he seemed to have piled up a lot of stress.

I also heard about Yuuki in detail.

Oh well, as I expected. I seemed to have received the『Thought Guidance』that was the first stage of brainwashing, I attained some proof.

Thought I had doubts if there was complete mind domination, but this was also inside my prediction.

It’s difficult to perform complete mind domination on several people at the same time, this was what I had reasoned.

About Will Domination, is preferable for useful people that had Unique Skill, as it is difficult to dominate them since people with ability usually had a strong Will.

That’s why it’s necessary to affect them when their ability hasn’t reached a mature stage.

「Still,『Thought Guidance』, isn’t it?

I had memories when I receive it, but it was also the truth that he had helped me.

Instead of shameful memories, it could have ended worse.

However, thanks to that, I could faint if I try to remember it......

As expected, I can’t forgive that guy」(Masayuki)

If he is recognized as hero, then he had mastered the ability as it was.

That’s also okay, but it seems that the memory is embarrassing.

Well, there is nothing that can be done except to forget it. Although, he will faint in agony for awhile.

In the end, Masayuki promised to cooperate with me.

Since, it’s also profitable to get information from him.

When he could remember he would contact me, so for the moment he would continue to stay in my city.

Above all, I still had business with his MangaMemory.

He’ll become my conversation partner for awhile.

Thus, the friendship between me and Masayuki was created and I obtained a new companion.





Chapter 113: Tournament - Finals Part 8


The Tournament only had two days left.

Today is the last climax, all that is left is tomorrow’s final match.

The final match will be held in the morning, while a showing of the inside of the Dungeon is planned for the afternoon.

However, even though this Coloseum was built to be as strong as possible. Traces of destruction can still be seen in some parts of the arena.

Although they didn’t conduct any temporary repairs for the match effect, to reach this degree of damage in just a few days, the matches were fiercer than expected.

Oh well, as long as it doesn’t affect the spectator’s seats it’s good.

It‘s unexpected, but in case of a big problem occuring, we thoroughly set up a barrier.

Well, another unexpected thing is the overwhelming popularity of Souka and Milim.

Especially Milim.

Though she only took the position of anouncer for one day, it seems she has acquired a deeply rooted fan base.

Amongst the nobles and the adventurers, and even the influential monsters of the Jura Great Forest, she acquired tremendous popularity.

Oh well, it’s simply because they don’t know her true nature, they cheerfully shouted things like『Milim-Cha~n!!』or『MI・LI・M・SAMA~~!!』.

It’s interesting that for some reason they called Souka without any honorific, while there’s no one that called Milim without an honorific.

Is it because of the AuraHaki that she exudes? Is that the cause?

Oh well, it’s Milim after all.

It wouldn’t be a surprise even if it was.

Today two matches will be held in the morning, while in the afternoon there will be a match to decide 3rd place.

Concerning the fatigue, the first match is more advantageous, but that isn’t a good excuse.

I’m looking forward to the battles from today’s matches, so do your best everyone.

Well, it’s almost time for today’s first match to begin.

The thirteenth match....... Benimaru vs Gobuta

In contrast to the nervous Gobuta, Benimaru is calm.

By the way, I conveyed a message to Gobuta that he can only summon Ranga in a fight.

That, Gobuta is being recognized as the superior of Ranga, makes me concerned about the match.

In this match, Gobuta is the leading actor till the end.

『Begin！！』(Souka & Milim)

With the harmonious shouts of Milim and Souka.

Today’s first match began.

「Uooooo, I will do it-ssu!」(Gobuta)

So, Gobuta charged like yesterday.

I thought that it was useless, and just like I thought, Benimaru dodged it and sent a kick.

「Umu! As expected, Gobuta is no match for Benimaru!

You better quick summon the Doggy[1] (Ranga)!」(Milim)

Without hiding anything, Milim gave out her adviceorder.

「Otto, as expected the difference in their face is too great!?

Contestant Gobuta cannot do anything to Contestant Benimaru~!」(Souka)

Souka’s subjective live coverage greatly perturbed the heart and mind.

Against this announcement, people without confidence in their face will cry.

「Hehe, as expected-ssu........

I tried to see how far I could go with my current ability-ssu.

However, I’m unable to land any hit-ssu.

Please let me use it.

Unique Skill『Become my power (Demon Wolf Summon)[2]』 also! “Transform (Demon Wolf Unification)[3]”!!」(Gobuta)

Though Gobuta was on the verge of death because of Benimaru’s kick, his injury recovered quickly now.

A distortion occurred in the air, and Ranga was summoned.

And then....

Ranga wraps Gobuta’s body, and the unification between Ranga and Gobuta is done.

Gobuta’s body seems to have grown larger, with Ranga transforming himself into a Wolf’s fur-like armor that covers Gobuta’s entire body.

Should I say it a humanoid version of Ranga?

If I voiced my honest thoughts, it’s too good for Gobuta, it’s too cool.

I thought something like “Damn it! You’re just a Gobuta, and yet you can Transform!?”.

「O, oohhhhhh!! It’s cool!! What is that? It’s too cool!!」(Milim)

The highly excited Milim forgets her role.

I know. I understand what Milim feels.

Damn it, Gobuta. It’s a much more wonderful ability than I thought.

「Hehe, it’s my turn next-ssu!」(Gobuta with Ranga Armor)

So he shouts, and then Gobuta disappeared!

No, of course my eyes see it. But for normal people it looks like he’s vanished.

「Con, Contestant Gobuta disappeared!? Where on the earth.....?」

At that moment, Baaam!! There was an explosion on the surface of the Colosseum wall under the spectator’s seat.

To be exact, it’s right under the distinguished guest room where we are in.

I can see it clearly.

Gobuta declared it coolly, and then began to run. However, he doesn’t show any indication of stopping and as it is slammed himself into the wall, that’s all.

That idiot is still unable to control the power and speed at all.

To make an easy to understand comparison, he could run if he was aware of it, he could stop if he thought about it. Based on Gobuta’s original ability, even he could run anywhere instantaneously like Ranga, such a thing could happen.

And yet.....

「Ootto, Contestant Gobuta isn’t getting up, is he alright!?」(Souka)

Just like Souka said, Gobuta wont get up.

He unable to move not because the physical damage. But because he fainted due to the shock.

What should I say.......?

Immediately after showing such a cool appearance, he showed a pathetic condition. I have no way to express other than “It’s Gobuta”.

「Oi, you. Are you making fun of me? Shall we talk a while over there?」(Milim)

Thud Thud Thud[4] so Milim walks to Gobuta’s spot, and then lifts Gobuta with one hand.

Her face is smiling, but her eyes are not.

「The winner is Benimaru, though I never thought it would became such an unsightly match.....

Where had the anticipation and the excitement from before gone.........」 (Milim)

With such a charming voice echoing, she held Gobuta in her hand forefully.

And after those words, Gobuta was taken from the Colosseum by Milim.

「Uummm, It seems the RefereeJudge has left!

Self destruct! Contestant Gobuta loss because he self destructed, it is a victory for Contestant Benimaru!」 (Souka)

『Booooo! Boooooooo!』(Spectators)

Grand booing came.

That is justified. As Gobuta loss by self destructing at the start of the match, moreover it’s on the semifinal.

It wouldn’t be surprising if they lashed out with complaints and demanded reimbursement if they had pay money for it.

But, when they see the appearance of Gobuta being pitifully dragged out by Milim, the intention to complain disappears.

Goodbye, Gobuta. I’ll never forget your gallant figure! (TL:LOL)

Even though he coolly transformed himself with great effort, eventually the result was him pouring the fire and invoking Milim’s great anger.

Since Milim had high expectations for the match, it seems Gobuta’s body would receive the torrent of her fury.

「My master, I have returned!」

Ranga returned without any hesitation after deserting Gobuta.

That’s so, right? He doesn’t want to get dragged into it. (TL: Milim’s Lesson/Fist)

It seems that he excused himself from Milim and ran away when they left the Colosseum.

Now, let us pray for Gobuta’s happiness in the next world [5]. (TL: XD I’m crying)

The lesson from today.

When you are too lucky, the backlash is terrifying.

Gobuta used up too much luck yesterday. And this is the result.

I wish he would acquire the ability honestly without depending only on luck from now on.

So I wished, let’s expect great efforts from Gobuta in the future.

Oh well, it’s just a story if he is able to survive after the discussion with Milim.

　−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−

The fourteenth match....... Shion vs Diablo

It’s a noteworthy match.

It seems that Milim was having an important discussion with Gobuta, so she didn’t return.

She seems to be really angry.

Gobuta too, had stepped on a terrible land mine.

Thanks to all of that, Souka did the announcing by herself.

「Begin!」(Souka)

So the beginning shout echoes, and the match begins.

Between these two people, which one is the strongest?

To say that a warm up is unnecessary, is that their intention?,

「ChaoticThe Apocalypse and Genesis of FateLife and Death of the Universe!!

「End of WorldWorld’s Collapse[6]」

At the same time, they used their special move.

Shion’s Special Move is endowed with ability of “The outcome is rewritten” by the effect of the Unique Skill『Cook』.

With the strength of strong will, it can negate the effect of the opponent’s technique[7], it can be described as a slash that brings the result that Shion wishes for.

In a sense, it was ability to manipulate the fate.

Even if the fate said that it could not be cut, it will get cut. It was a sword that brings death.

Against Diablo.

Who putting an effect that denied everything, it was an ability that would bring about destruction.

To the things that Diablo didn’t allow, the effect would bring destruction, for the people who couldn’t resist the effect they will receive despair.

Their ability can be said as an antithesis of each other, in the end, the victory or the defeat is decided by the collision of their will.

Its looks like they intend to fight with all their might from the start.

While destruction energy is condensing in both of Diablo’s hands, Shion slashes using her Ōdachi.

A clash between magic and sword is something typical that I’ve already seen.

However, those two people, because of their unbelievable concentration and fighting spirit, each had the intention to clash from the start.

How much time has passed?

It seems like an eternity, but only several seconds had passed.

However, in these several seconds, Shion and Diablo were exhausted and settled their battle.

As expected the winner is.....

An intense spark occurred in the middle of Shion and Diablo.

Then, the time of conclusion arrived.

A crack had run through Shion’s Ōdachi, and so it broke.

Simultaneously, Diablo grabbed hold and crushed the whirlpool of energy that smolders in the center. However, Diablo’s left arm flew off because he suppressed the power that was produced by their ability.

It disappeared from the palm to the shoulder.

One could see what kind of extreme power had been displayed.

「Kufufufufu. It was a great swordsmanship, you had me in a dangerous spot.」(Diablo)

Diablo praises Shion without minding his lost arm.

However, Shion cannot even stand up after being blown away by the aftermath of their techniques’s explosion.

「Fu, what was dangerous? You still have more power, right? You....」 (Shion)

「Not at all, there’s not much power left.

If I still had more power, I wouldn’t have made such blunder as to lose my left arm.」 (Diablo)

「Fufu. Didn’t you suppress the energy of the technique with one left arm......? It is my loss.」(Shion)

Shion admitted her defeat honestly.

Well, isn’t it natural?

If Diablo was late to suppress the energy of their technique, Shion would have received a direct hit from the techniques’ explosion.

Even though it just an aftermath, she seemed to receive damage that made her unable to stand, it might be dangerous for her if she had received a direct hit from it.

The one that should be praised is Diablo.

Though he lost his left arm, he conceals that injury with his robe and acts like nothing happened at all.

Or rather, how strong he is seriously?

Though he was an Arc Demon when he arrived, after I summoned him, there were still many mysteries about him.

He had become a Demon Duke now, and he was clearly stronger than Beretta.

He also won against the Demon Lord Karion, so to what extent will his strength be if he fights seriously?

Should I ask Wisdom King Raphael to tell me secretly this time?

Somehow, my subordinates, many of them had become stronger, more than I’d expected.

I can’t be careless.

Anyway, the winner of this match is Diablo.

「Winner, Diablooooo!!」(Souka)

With Souka’s announcement, the shout of joy reverberated in the Colossem.

With this the two strongest are present.

Benimaru and Diablo.

Since we are talking about Diablo, his injury might have already recovered by tomorrow, so I think there will be no problem with his condition for the Final match.

The next issue is about Shion.

If she is still in her current condition, Gobuta will become 3rd place by default.

No, it will only be if Gobuta is still alive.

The match to decide 3rd place will be held at noon. Gobuta vs Shion.

If their conditions are not alright, will they even be able to do the match?

I praised Diablo’s victory while worrying about that.

　−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−

The match at noon, we somehow managed to hold it.

Milim returned just before noon, at the same time as the ending of Shion vs Diablo.

She spoke calmly and reported herself but...... it seems Gobuta came and received Full Potion at the medical care building.

「It’s terrible-ssu, I might already be broken-ssu.....」(Gobuta)

So, I heard Gobuta murmuring in small voice as his body trembled and shook.

But the report that came from the Goburina of the medical care squad stated that there is no apparent problem.

Shion is lively.

After all she is immortal[8].

Her recovery ended quickly, her physical condition was also checked.

The problem is that her weapon was broken.

But,

「Just like Gobuta, I don’t need things like a weapon!

Aside from that, what will happen to my Hercules’ Edge・Reforged[9]?」

So, she more worried about her broken sword.

Oh well, that Ōdachi was a great article that kept enduring the reckless utilization by Shion.

She seemed so attached to it that she gave it a name, I can understand about her worry.

But, we can’t do anything except leave this to Kurobee.

Though restoration is possible with my regeneration ability, in this case, the magic power that Shion poured into it until now becomes useless.

Although Shion would get used to it with much effort, it would be a waste if it return to its original state.

I entrust this to no one except the Godly Craftsman Kurobee.

Therefore, Shion will go to the match without a weapon.

Match for 3rd place...... Gobuta vs Shion

It’s starting.

Gobuta performed the “Transformation” from the start.

It seems he uses it better than before.

While he glances repeatedly towards Milim in worry, he sets out to fight with all his might.

Shion, even though she had saw Gobuta who was full of openings, she intended to conscientiously keep him company.

Or rather, did she intent to do it for 30 minutes?

Even if she receives a punch with full power, she will just recover. This happened repeatedly.

Gobuta was already in tears. Even so,

「It’s wonderful, Gobuta! Even though his attack was completely useless, his expression still show that he still has another card in his hand!」(Evil Judge)

So Milim performed her live coverage.

Her eyes was emitting a message. “Giving Up? I won’t permit it!”

Gobuta, so pitiful.

During these 30 minutes, it was like waiting for a death penalty. For Gobuta this time was like an extended trialtorture.

However, because Milim was watching, he couldn’t even escape.

Gobuta already made a blunder when he attracted Milim with his cool “Transformation” that appealed to her.

But you know, during these 30 minutes Gobuta’s movement improved remarkably.

They say that real combat is superior to mock training combat, this may surely be accurate.

To the last few minutes, Gobuta succeeded in evading several times. Has he gotten used to Ranga’s speed?

As expected, whatever has been said about Gobuta, he is a real genius.

Even so, it’s still impossible for him to win.

After 30 minutes pass, it’s only Shion that is standing.

『It’s victory for Contestant Shion!!』

So Milim and Souka declared Shion’s victory at the same time.

The 1st Tempest Tournament, the 3rd place belongs to Shion.

Gobuta did his best too.

To even reach such position was already a great feat.

Today I think I will treat Shion and Gobuta nicely.





Chapter 114: Tournament - Finals Part 9


The last day of the Tournament has finallys arrived.

The final match is today.

Whoever wins between Benimaru and Diablo won’t be doubted.

That’s because the ones left in the end are the strongest.

If Gobuta remained there, there might be objections against it.

Well, even so it’s still a fact that Gobuta remained in the top four.

However, Gobuta being 4th place is......

Obviously the 4th place should be taken by Souei or Gerudo rather than Gobuta, it could be said that Gobuta is owner of strong luck.

But you know, to be able to unite with Ranga, it mightnot be possible to say that it’s merely his good luck.

Right now he still can’t master the ability, but eventually he would master it.

Anyway, he could potentially achieve unification “Transform” in one night, so he would be able to optimize the unification.

Before that, he is aiming too high to control the power.

Gobuta worked hard.

It might be Gobuta that improved the most during this tournament.

Well, today’s match,

It can be said that Benimaru was blessed with his opponents.

Although he had a good match against Souei, his other matches were with lower rank people like Gozurl and a win by default with Gobuta.

On the other hand, Diablo was against three strong people.

The former Demon Lord Karion, and my greatest masterpiece Beretta the Saint Demon Doll.

And at the end was Shion.

His opponents were powerful people of Demon Lord Class, yet he defeated them all.

In any case, if he wins against Benimaru in today’s match. There’ll be no objection against calling him the strongest in Tempest.

Well, how will it turn out?

Today’s live report will be conducted by Souka alone.

Milim left taking Gobuta with her.

Apparently she said she will retrain Gobuta for a whole day, she didn’t seem interested in the final match.

Although I don’t know if it is a good or bad thing for Gobuta, it might be rare occasion to receive training and other things from Milim personally. I want him to do his best as much as possible.

It seems he trained together with Karion-san the Lion Mask too, they should become good friends.

Oh well, while praying for Gobuta’s safety, let’s watch the match.

「Well then it’s the last match! Final match, begin!!」

Final....... Benimaru vs Diablo

On Souka’s yell the match began.

Kufufufufu.

Diablo rejoiced, joy gushing forth from deep inside his mind.

The one who summoned him was truly, a very wonderful Master.

Though he lived for a long time, he’d never come across a fight that made his heart pound like this.

For him, fighting meant trampling down the opponent.

The weak were only to be trampled down and get killed.

After all, it’s because there were only a few people that were able to hurt him who was a resident of the spirit world.

Even when he rarely manifested in the physical world, it was very simple for him to slaughter people who lived there within the time he stayed there. That also includes the Summoner.

After all, not knowing his own standing, the Summoner summoned Diablo who was a high rank being...

It can only be said that it was a foolish act, he couldn’t even protest if he retired from the living.

To begin with, what kind of race is Demon RaceDemon?

In the ancient past, during the time when the Spirits of Light and Dark were born, receiving the blessing of light, the Angel’s Egg was laid, and receiving the wave of darkness the Demon’s Seed was sowed.

At the same time when Spirit of Time was born, the egg hatched, and the seed budded.

The two were born as a conceptual existence with a pure energy body without a physical body

That was the origin of Angels and Demons.

The mysterious thing was that the Angels and Demons that were born at the same time were on bad terms.

When they meet, fighting is unavoidable, long fights were repeatedly fought.

However, because the effects of their fights were too large, unknowingly once in every 500 years they’ll only fight for seven days, such an agreement was made.

For Diablo who finds pleasure in fighting, such a peaceful period was the most tedious time.

For them who don’t have physical bodies, they don’t have the ability to interfere with the physical world.

That’s why, he rejoiced when the summons from the new Demon Lord came, it marked the end of his monotonous time.

That Demon Lord (Rimuru) said.

『I prepared thy food (body), come forth Demon.

Be helpful and serve me!』

He grows excited every time he recalls it.

He was summoned and named! He felt so intuitionally.

He annihilated the small friesdemons who tried to steal the march, and then he put on a nonchalant look.

And so, he obtained it.

A new body and a Master who was worthy for him to pledge his allegiance to.

That body adapted to him, the body transformed into one he wished for by liberally spending the saved magic power that he hadn’t used before.

In addition, his Master (Rimuru) had evolved into a true Demon Lord. He felt the influx of energy overflowing into him and replenishing the consumed magic power.

And, the most decisive thing, he was given a name.

The body that was made from magic power that had been saved up over a long time, the empty body was fully injected with magic power, and when he receives a name his form stabilized.

For him, fighting meant trampling down the opponent.

That’s why he doesn’t have any interest in strength. After all, it’s because he doesn’t have any memory of having a hard fight.

Even in fight against the Angel, it was just a massacre and a usual thing for him.

Therefore, when the saved up magic power was completely consumed, he became a powerful person worthy to be called a Demon Duke.

Even in the Demon world, there is no existence that is higher than him.

Right now, he could stably use his experience that he had acquired over a very long time, he might really become an existence proportional to a True Demon Lord.

Even Diablo can’t see the limit of his Master Rimuru.

For the first time Diablo realized there is a sky above the sky.[1]

And, for him that didn’t have any interest in strength till now, Diablo also began to wish for strength after being inspired by his monster friends.

1st place.

That was a proof of being the highest among the monster subordinates of Demon Lord Rimuru.

It was the proof of being the most useful and trusted person.

What a sweet sound that titillated the mind.

“By all costs, the seat of 1st rank must be mine.” So Diablo thought.

Shion who proposed the ranking, was defeated by him.

But, he also admits Shion was the strongest oni, since she was his opponent for the semifinal.

It’s not possible to let down his guard.

(Kufufufufu. However, the one who win this is me!)

While Diablo looks forward to the fight, he doesn’t doubt his victory.

「.......Final match, Begin!!」

By Souka’s signal, the final match began.

Now all that's left is only to win against Benimaru with all his power.

Diablo was not yet eager, but he released the power he carried in his body!

Benimaru thought while observing Diablo.

This demon.....is haphazard.

There are many powerful, mutated people amongst Rimuru’s subordinates.

But, only this Demon (Diablo) is special.

In Benimaru’s insight, if he and Shion fought directly, without doubt the winner would be Shion. So he thought.

The reason is simple. Benimaru is suited for a group fight while Shion is cut out for individual fight. It‘s only that.

Turning the same amount of energy for group attack into one target would increase the power.

But even with such condition, he thought that Shion had more advantages in a one vs one battle.

And yet, in front of Diablo, that Shion was defeated.

It was a direct fight, yet she was overwhelmed.

Benimaru thought that his chance to win in a straight forward fight is low.

However.........

「......Begin!」

In response to Souka’s yell, he distanced himself from Diablo in an instant.

Tricks and lukewarm techniques are meaningless.

The right choice is to challenge the opponent with the strongest skill with maximum power. That was the decision Benimaru took after watching the defeated Lion Mask’s and Shion’s battle, It was decided in the beginning!

「Hell FlareBlack Flame Prison」

A black ball as big as a fist flies towards Diablo.

There is no attempt from Diablo to avoid it, the formation of the magic circle is completed immediately, and a dome of 3m in diameter was formed with Diablo at its center.

Unlike the one from before, it’s loaded with enormous magic power. It was the successful compression of Hell Fire, which had an unparalleled power which cannot be resisted.

Just like Benimaru, Diablo also has resistance against Natural Effects, but it’s useless against the nullification attribute of the black flame.

When the dome is completed, Benimaru’s victory will be guaranteed, or at least that’s what should happen.

「Kufufufufu. If I receive this attack straight ahead, it will be dangerous. Paradise

Time (Time of Allurement)[2].」

Diablo’s voice is heard and the surrounding time stops.

Before he was thoroughly burnt by the dome of black flame, the movement of the magic power was stopped, and the generation of heat was obstructed.

Though he only saw it for an instant, he fathomed the detail of the technique and its countermeasure.

It was another effect of the Unique Skill『Great Wiseman[3]』 that Diablo possessed, for Diablo that had mastered this skill, skills that need long activation times are useless against him.

This was surely the most dreadful aspect of he who had diligently mastered this ability.

Also the reason why Diablo deliberately let himself received the attacks from his opponent, was only to reconfirm the result from his analytical appraisal.

In case of some techniques, he could even steal it just by seeing it

「Tch, just by looking, my technique was sealed......」

In the stopped world, Benimaru grumbled to Diablo.

His first card is sealed, there is no anxiety in Benimaru while he thinking about the next plan.

From the beginning, Diablo was in better position, because he had seen through one’s mind.

But, even if they predict that they are equal in simple physical combat, if there is no winning move, it will be useless.

Since there is physical attack nullification, a simple slash won’t give any damage.

Although it’s possible with Aura Blade, its power is too weak to deal fatal damage to either of them.

Rather, Benimaru predicted that he would lose if Diablo put his ability to use.

「Kufufufufu. Please stop being pretentious.

You still have a trump card, right?

You will die if you aren’t really serious when receiving my technique, you know!」

Diablo began the movement to use the technique at the same time as he declared.

“End of World” that surpassed Shion’s Special Move, is a Super Special Move.[4]

Benimaru judged that he had no time to think, and released a master swordsman art he had learned from Hakurou.

“Dim Stream Slash”. it's just like flowing water, warding everything and deflect it back at the opponent.

Without being able to grasp its elegant simplicity, its effect will perplex the opponent, it is the pinnacle of sword arts.

「End of World!」

「Dim Current Slash!!」

At the same time as End of World was cast, the time stopped by Paradise Time begins to flow.

Receiving the aftereffects of End of World, an intense pain went through Benimaru’s whole body.

The energy that was unable to be warded off by “Dim Current Slash” penetrated his whole body.

「Kufufufufu. You still got more. Or, do you give up?」

Benimaru was blown off and rolled over on the ground when the stopped time began to move again.

Even though the sense of pain was nullified, his whole body was in pain, he noticed that this was a sign that his life was in danger.

Diablo asks Benimaru with carefree tone, but Benimaru had no time to reply.

Rather, to receive End of World inside of Paradise Time and still be capable of safely standing would be abnormal.

However, he didn’t care about such thoughts, Benimaru believed that he himself was worthless.

His sword skill had improved so that he could now fight on par with Hakurou. His ability to concentrate magic power to use in combat had also increased and he could use it for various purposes.

But.......Benimaru was inferior to Shion in Individual fights, he was also inferior to Ranga in Large-scale fights.

In the end, he who specialized in commanding and seeing the whole picture, is he unable to transcend the wall of strength?

That was the issue Benimaru faced.

As the Army Commander, he was able to become useful for Rimuru. However, as he was right now, wasn’t it impossible for him to become Rimuru’ Shield?

He was haunted by such anxiety.

That’s why.........

(Don’t screw around with me. Why, there is a need for this great me[5] to be worried about such a small and unimportant thing!)

He gradually became furious.

Originally he held a short-tempered personality, he had become more mature and learned patience recently, but........

There is no way his initial personality can change so easily.

As a Commander he held a sense of responsibility merely to make the aim of harmonious surroundings come to fruition.

(To stop is foolish. It not like me, to worry repetitively is troublesome.

That’s right, I only need to win. If the opportunity is nonexistent then I’ll just make one appear!)

Benimaru made a breakthrough.

Benimaru stood up and brandished his katana without answering Diablo’s question.

Diablo who saw that appearance as the decision for the continuation of the fight, laughed lightly.

「Kufufufufu. It’s Benimaru indeed!」

So he said as he took out a distorted blade, holding it with both hands.

Its appearance is like three claws, it’s symmetric.

The length of one claw is about 1m, a sharp double-edged blade.

It’s a special weapon made by Kurobee for Diablo, a ScissorsBladed Claw Scissors[6].

Seeing Diablo who didn’t use weapon before and letting out his personal weapon right now, a commotion arises inside the Colosseum.

And, while anticipating something, they were engulfed by an intense enthusiasm.

Benimaru discarded his hesitation, and had his mind focus.

In the first place, there is a guy who improves greatly during a fight. If you say recently, it’s Gobuta.

“If that Idiot can, there’s no way I can’t!” is the simplest answer Benimaru came up with.

(I’ll do it. I will not let this bastard look down on my power...!!!!)

And while calming his mind, a thick aura enclosed his whole body. He invoked the『Demon Flame Transformation』, the injury on his body is healed.

At the same time, he fused the thick aura and the black flame into one.

There are no ripples in it, a beautiful dark red aura covers his entire body and the preparation was complete.

It didn’t even take more than a second.

「I will become serious next. Don’t resent me even if you die, okay?」

「Kufufufufu. Such confidence, I don’t dislike it.」

Their gaze intersected, each one of them released the greatest technique they held.

「Scissors of EndLife’s Harvest![7]」

「RebirthInterment Blast of Flamethe Hazy Black Flame!![8]」

Diablo’s Scissors which reaps all lives, in a moment it clashed with Benimaru’s Katana dyed in crimson, it was stopped and repelled back.

When the Katana was retracted, a surge of black flame aura struck Diablo and slashed at him.

Just like flowing water, it cannot be eluded, the flame wrapped up and thoroughly burned everything.

Right now, produced at this moment was Benimaru’s Special Move.

Benimaru’s Katana couldn’t stand the heat and the impact so it broke and melted.

Diablo’s Scissors melted too because of the damage it received from Benimaru’s Katana, and became something he couldn’t use.

Of course, Diablo who was wielding it also received a large wound on his chest and fell to the ground, defeated.

「Ku, Kufufufufu....... Splendid. This is the first time in my lifethat I tasted defeat.......

What is this? This bitterness. Never again do I want to taste such a thing......

「Never again? You..What do you think a fight is.....」

Benimaru fell to his knee as well, it seems like he had exhausted his spirit energy.

「E, eetto....... It’s victory for Contestant Benimaru!!」

So Souka declared, at this moment, the winner was decided.

It was a long tournament that lasted for several days. And so, the end arrived.





Chapter 115: Underground Labyrinth Exploration Party


The final match ended, with Benimaru as the champion.

With this the rankings from 1st to 4th are decided.

Come to think of it, it will be necessary to decide the official positions and titles.

For the time being, the Four Heavenly Kings (Shitennou) might be good.

Speaking about the Four Heavenly Kings, it’s Gobuta.

『Kukuku, that fellow is the weakest of the Four Heavenly Kings. He’s the disgrace of the Four Heavenly Kings!』

Will something like that be said?

It fits so much that it’s scary.

If Gobuta is not in unification state with Ranga, there seems to be a plausible chance of victory against a high ranking party of adventurers.

Oh well, it might be difficult to win against a prepared Gobuta.

Aside from that, the organization seems to have expanded. Looks like I have to think about the official position.

I note it down in my mind.

Because the victory ceremony ended, it is now time for the Labyrinth Exploration Party.

It’s only for applicants, but I hope there are a lot of participants if possible.

Today Ramiris is also energetic, she sits on my shoulder. Her face brimming with confidence.

Veldora who stands beside me also has a somewhat proud expression.

「Oi, is it safe? Because today is the exploration party, it’s not good to be reckless you know?」

「Fuffufu. It’s Aluright~![1] Please leave it to me! I will operated the safety device today.」

「Kukukku. However, after tomorrow, it might become the awakening day of an atrocious labyrinth!」

Looking at each other’s faces, Ramiris and Veldora laughed wickedly.

Is that okay? For some reason, I become uneasy.

Leaving the final touches to someone else might be an unwise thing to do.

After the lunch break ended, the spectators returned to their seat in the Colosseum.

The purpose is to display the Dungeon, but if 10,000 people go to the Dungeon at once it will get too crowded, and it also wouldn’t become a decent tour.

Having thought about that, I requested one party to represent the conquering of the dungeon.

Fortunately, it seems there’s nobody who went home after the lunch break.

It’s possible to advertise it fully with this.

Myormiles proceeds to the center of the Colosseum, he greets the spectators with the mike in his hand.

And then,

「Well then without any delay, are there any brave people who want to conquer our country’s famous Dungeon?」

He shouted.

While he shouts, we too head to the center of the Colosseum.

Ramiris who is still sitting on my shoulder, summons the Underground Labyrinth’s temporary gate in the middle of the Colosseum.

『Ooooo!!』

A commotion is heard, and a quiet excitement spreads to the spectators.

By the way, if there are no applicants, it would be Masayuki-kun’s turn.

I’m able to arrange it perfectly. He is waiting on standby for his turn.

As for the live broadcast position, Souka is the cameraman, Hakusou and Nansou will be her helpers.

So! The challenger’s looks will be projected onto the large monitor, it’s a plan to let spectators observe the Dungeon safely.

It would be a big problem if by any chance the big shots got hurt. Therefore, I adopted a plan to let only the representatives personally experience it.

Again, if there are no people interested in entering the Dungeon, its Masayuki’s turn.

The problem is to plan the experience of death.

However, if the first step into the first floor ends up unreasonable with an instant death, then there will be no challengers in the future.

Because of that, I want you to do your best reasonably.

Because the area is considerably wide, I don’t think they can clear the first floor, but..... This time, I let the helpers (Souka and co) that will accompany them to hold [Group Return] items.

If there is a problem, it’s possible for them to return immediately.

For about 2 hours, Souka will capture the best moments inside so that the spectators can enjoy it.

Of course, as a souvenir, I also prepared treasure boxes with weapons and other things here and there.

Did Ramiris,Veldora, and Milim set an unreasonable trap or not? It’s the only worry I’ve had since a while ago.

「Hehe, oi Demon Lord-san. We will reveal your pretenses!

To show such a thing like a Tournament and grandiosely fixed matches, no matter how it impresses us, it’ll not end well!

For those kinds of things, you used some kind of illusion magic, right?

It’s okay even if you don’t answer. Also this labyrinth is just a bluff, we can see through your true colors!」

Hn?

Somehow the candidate appears by himself?

It’s convenient right? Though it also seems idiotic.......

Apparently people who fought in this Colloseum were thought as some kind of illusion.

If you don’t have some ability, it’s not possible to predict what is happening.

Probably because of that, there were people who simply enjoyed it as a show and there were some like these guys that suspect it was a hallucination or an illusion.

Or rather, for people who were able to follow the matches, they looked pale and wanted to believe it isn’t true.

Although I said they were able to follow them, they just understood that the fights were on a different dimension, understanding only to such a degree. But that is fine.

My purpose was accomplished to some extent, and people who came to pick a fight with me should have disappeared once they watched the fight.

As expected, there are one or two people who can understand this among the warriors that were brought by important people from each country.

It’s fine if those people tell the truth to their employer.

It was also expected that there would be some people who wouldn’t believe their eyes.

Well, as the long-awaited candidate came out, let’s make the request immediately.

Because this just a trial, naturally the “Bracelet of Revival” is distributed for free.

By Ramiris’ ability, it is possible to revive 10 seconds after dying.

After that an improvement was added, I heard that its ability to cancel injury and pain when dead is confirmed.

If High Heal or Full Potion is used, it is possible to revive on the spot.

I give them such tips and explain it so they don’t think that it will happen outside of the labyrinth.

Assuming some idiot misunderstands that it’s possible to revive even on the outside, it’s not our responsibility.

It’s annoying that everything is considered to be the reasonability of the organizer side.

Even in my previous world, it feels like the responsibility was pressed too much on the shop side.

For the idiot who breaks the rule and acts violently. Even if they die, I think they reaped what they had sown.

However, when the explanation is insufficient the responsibility is ours. I take that as a warning; I decided to do things as carefully as I can.

「Huh there is no death inside the labyrinth? Interesting.

Then, you over there please die and show it! 」

He tests it on another person rather than on himself.

Oh well, it might be a natural request. The nominated Nansou, put on the “Bracelet” while weaning a ‘what a pain[2]’ expression and entered the Dungeon.

At the same time, the challengers also enter.

The large skinhead man[3], who let out the previous remark seems to be the leader, took out a hatchet.

「Then, please attack.」

To Souka’ words, Nansou is slashed when he about to say「Wait!」.

「Kieeeeee!!」

Or so like that, a loud scream was heard, Nansou is slashed so many times over.

Nansou didn’t counterattack, he just receive the attack just as it is.

Is the skinhead malicious? He keeps on attacking without aiming at the same place as one hit didn’t kill him.

Though Nansou’s appearance is a personified dragon, he’s not a human.

Because the other party is a monster, he torments him without any restraint.

Oh well, the attacks is blocked by Nansou’s scales, and there is a possibility that he didn’t really receive any damage.

The skinhead is covered with sweat, after he dealt a dozens of blow and he finally demanded support from his companion.

Many magic and arrows pour down on Nansou, it’s seems he finally defeated after some ten minutes pass.

I think I should apologize to Nansou later. After all he was pushed to an unpleasant role.

Nansou’s defeated body becomes light particles and disappears.

The equipment he wore in his body also changed into similar light articles and disappears.

Such spectacle is recorded and projected on the large screen in the Colosseum with the crystal ball that the helper (Souka and co) brought along.

And so, at the same moment the light particles disappearing, Nansou is revived on the side of the temporary gate in the middle of the Colosseum.

『Oooo!!』

Shouts of joy arise from the spectators.

It’s troublesome if this too is doubted as a trick, but there’s no other way to make them believe other than by experiencing it themselves.

So the challenger is only this adventurer. I think I have no other choice but to wait until it spreads from mouth to mouth.

Even if there is a curious challenger, a cautious person might not try it.

Anyway, the exploration began when the skinhead and co reach an agreement.

『Now, let the exploration of the Dungeon begin!

An unknown world ahead. Just what is waiting beyond this......]

Souka’s face is projected onto the large screen, and the inside situation is relayed.

It’s made in documentary style.

And so, they advance through the first floor madecoherently of stone.

I thought that someone would normallydraw a map while advancing, but it seems there is no one preparing a map.

Will they be okay? Though I thought there were cave explorations or something like that even in this world.......

「Tch, it’s only leading to the same path!

What, isn’t this just a crossroad!]

「Danna, didn’t we already go through this path before?」

「Basson, this bad! It seems like this labyrinth is wider than we thought.」

I immediately lost my worry for those people.

I had already explained about the size, but it seems they didn’t listen.

Oh well, it maybe that.

The worst thing that could happen to them is to return by dying, also an SOS function has already included in the bracelet.

If you use the function, Trainee-san and the other dryad will appear to save you.

Oh well, though the only thing they do is sent you back forcibly to the surface.

The Skinhead man, his name was Basson, he and his companion’s anxiety had increased, their expressions suggest that they didn’t find this situation amusing.

Not good, it’s not the issue with the level of difficulty.

The challenger was too foolish.

In case of this, I should have prepared a shill[4].

While I lamenting about it,

「Basson-san! There is a room in this way!?」

One of his companion notices a door.

「Oi, Ramiris. What’s inside that room?

There is no monster room in the first floor right? Didn’t we advertised it properly?」

「It, it’s alright. That challenger is slightly beyond awful....

No matter what I’ve said, their recklessness until now was beyond my expectations.

But, there is a treasure chest and one monster inside that room. There’s no problem!」

Okay, if that so it’s alright,

I feel uneasy. Never did I think that our plan will become out of order like this......

That adventurer was equal to a “B-” rank.

That party was composed of 6 people, for they to fail the first floor of this labyrinth, was something beyond our expectation.

Oh well, it’s not a dungeon you can conquer under 2 hours, but total party annihilation was something bad for the publicity.

I look at the image while excited.

One person put his hand on the door and opened it carefully.

Inside it is one Giant Bear.

It’s alright. Because it’s just a monster of C rank, it’s on level they can defeat.

「It’s a monster! A Giant Bear, I’ll become the decoy, you all watch for a chance!」

Basson leaped into the room and confronted the Giant Bear from the front.

And so, the battle begins.

His companions covering from his back were launching their attacks one after another, and after minutes they finally defeated the Giant Bear.

It’s seems nobody is injured. However...............

「Oi, did they actually need five minutes to defeat one Giant Bear with six people?

If they do poorly like this, it could take about three days for them, only to conquer the first floor.」

「It is, isn’t......? We need to arrange for the monsters to also drop food ingredients......」

Perhaps the difficulty of the labyrinth is higher than we think?

No, I only want to think that those guys are low level.

Oh well, the upper floor is a huge map, only the lowest floor closely resembles it in size.

Because there were many traps, the map size was gradually narrowed.

I made it so that they only would be able to clear 10 floors in one week, so it was good that the estimation was higher than the reasonable level I’d thought of.

『Otto, the desperate struggle with the Giant Bear finally ended!

It seems there is a treasure chest in this room.

What the heck is inside of it......?』

Because of Souka’s voice, I turned my eyes to the large screen.

One of Basson’s companions opened the box casually.

Oioi, don’t they take any precautions against traps? I have seen better skills in Ellen’s professional group before.

They are too low level, seeing them made me cringe.

About them, in front of my eyes that had been accustomed to game, I can’t think of them as anything other than amateurs.

Perhaps in this world they aren’t familiar with the concept of a treasure box inside a labyrinth? That’s why they could still calmlydo something as reckless like that?

No, if it was Guido, he would be more vigilant, maybe they don’t have anyone with Thief-class skills.

Since they are convoy of bodyguards, maybe they are only not skilled in this.

In any case,

「O, ooo!! Basson-san, it’s a sword!」

Alright!

It seems they pulled a great success.

「Nay, I set it so that today all the events would be a success with my ability, you know?」

Oooh, Veldora! Did you read the situation?

「It’s a good decision. If they don’t have a great experience today, people who want to come to the labyrinth will decrease.」

We nod together.

Basson and his companions look at the sword in turn and whistle.

It seems he likes the sword.

「All right, everybody! Let’s keep going with this pace!」

Basson put away his hatchet and changed it to a sword.

Three kobolds appear, their quick disposal helped confirm the performance of the sword.

Though it’s just the lowest grade of Kurobee’ works, it might be an excellent sword in their hands. They indiscriminately slay any monster that comes out, and began to advance smoothly.

And, it seems they acquired a tremendous amount of Magic Crystals[5] from the monster’s drop.

「This is good! It seems we can earn a lot in here.」

So he says to his companion with an overjoyed face.

They advance with such a pace steadily.

And, that situation is covered by Souka.

The eyes of the spectators are glued on Basson and his companion’s activity. Or rather, they were too immersed with feeling that they were also participating in the exploration by the immensely appealing battle scene that was playing on the big screen.

A scream is heard every time a monster appears. The splendid reaction is interesting.

It’s a mood similar to that when watching a horror movie.

At the moment it has been exactly two hours,

「Gyaaaaaaa!」

One of Basson’s companions falls down.

It seems he had been attacked by the monster inside the room.

The monster inside the room is a single Skeleton. It prepared its bow and sniped at the person who entered the room.

The defeated person became light particles and disappeared after his forehead was pierced by an arrow.

Above all they were able to experience death at just the right time.

The Skeleton is immediately defeated by the 5 remaining people.

It might be the right time. They got enough experience. As it is there was enough tension, so they were just the right challengers.

『Soon the experience time will end! A victim also appeared, let’s return from here!』

Souka who notices the signal from my thought declared so.

They collect the treasure chest in the room and return.

They activate the bracelet’s ability. Because this was a trial they wouldn’t be able to bring the bracelets back.

Their rewards were the various articles they got from the treasure chest.

They appear beside the temporary gate in the center of the Colosseum,

「Unbelievableee!! Did you really revive!?」

「Ah, I thought it was the end for me, but instantly the pain disappeared and I was safe too!」

「Really?? Then, you don’t have any headache?」

No no, from the beginning you guys already gave me headache.

You guys completely didn’t take any precautions for the traps, so it would be impossible for you guys to go beyond the second floor where traps have been set down.

I wanted to tsukomi like that, but I stopped myself firmly from doing it.

「How’s that? Were you able to enjoy it?

The Dungeon will be formally open tomorrow.

If you are interested, I want you to challenge it by all means!」

I gave my final speech, and the Underground Labyrinth Exploration Party also ended safely.

The best part of this was the feelings of the spectators.

The results from the tournament were very exciting but they were able to receive a close impression of a personal experience inside of the labyrinth from the images.

Thus in this way my inauguration as the Demon Lord and the unveiling of the Monster Country Tempest that lasted for several days has finally reached its conclusion peacefully.

The night of the same day, once again, we held a grand banquet for our sponsor.

The purpose is to maintain a good impression.

Thus, to hold the event without any problems was a great success, I can’t wait for the responses they would give from tomorrow on.

I pray it keeps going just as planned.

And so the night grew old while I thought about tomorrow.





Chapter 116: Evaluation Conference


The past few days were busy ones, mainly due to the labyrinth.

After my debut as a demon lord, the fighting tournament was held and it proceeded smoothly.

Both can be considered as major successes.

In particular, the method of using the improved Long-distance communication orb — the crystal ball with the ability to record and project images on a large screen, was very popular.

TN Note: What do you call them again?

We were able to watch the fights of the tournament very clearly through the enlarged images projected onto big screens.

Above all, being able to observe the interior of the labyrinth from a safe distance was supposedly a shock, culturally, for foreign authorities.

In the case of the Dwarf King,

「Oioi…even though you’re openly showing off some horrible things…

There is just so much potential applications for this, I’m at a loss whether this is a good thing or not.

Before you disclose this to the public I want to have a word with you.」

I was given a piece of advice.

TN Note: It’s specifically more of an outspoken/candid advice rather than just purely advice.

For us, its value lies in its entertainment and convenience, however, to the countries surrounding the Great Jura Forest, it’s a completely different story.

It’s quite easy to think up a use for it in the military.

Being able to command armies from a safe location is a major advantage.

Above all, the situation of enemy troops right after a suicidal squad attack could be immediately shown.

This piece of technology that we had just willingly shown is an innovative product that can be considered as super high-tech.

The technology was developed using my analysis, along with a fusion of science and magic. Thus, it was also easy to produce it en masse.

However, the distance and the amount of information transferred is dependent on the user, as it consumes the user’s magical power to function.

This inconvenience was improved using the magical power integration system, but it’s best that I not say that.

「Anyway, it seems that in the case of you, something which could be used in the military, is also usable for entertainment.」

I was told that with amazement.

However, it had an excellent effect on publicity.

The empress of The Magic Dynasty of Sarion quickly offered cooperation.

「If you’d like, would you want financial support?」

「Ahh, perhaps we would head towards that direction in time. However if we could get some experts on Magitech that would be a real life saver.」

「Fumu, I got it. We’ll return and review this immediately！」

TN Note: “Fumu” is the Japanese equivalent of “hm”.

She left with Duke Elalude after saying that.

Sarion’s empress had the expression of a child with a new toy, brimming with delight. Compared to the depressed duke, the difference was impressive.

I already believe that compared to the initial technology agreement, it’s only a matter of time before full-fledged joint research begins between us.

The Dwarf King prepared a technological research team at home, promised to send them forth to the monster country tempest, before leaving as well.

So far, so good.

Then, a problem occurred.

First, the Tengu clan.

I was visited in private after the competition, and I was greeted with the words,

『I was very rude the other day, and am sorry!

I humbly come to thee to plead for forgiveness!!』

Everyone came to apologise.

Well, that’s good.

Because I didn’t think their actions were much of a problem I didn’t ponder much about it.

However, here’s the problem.

“Therefore, if, as a means of apologizing……,

I would like to marry to Benimaru under his supervision, in relation to what I previously said!”

Huh? What is this guy saying?!

The grand daughter of the Tengu elder, momiji, dropped such a bomb.

When you think about it, she has quite the reckless straight-forward personality.

TN Note: please double-check this.

I looked at Benimaru and for an instant he was thunderstruck by the news and fell into panic. I replied with my eyesight, it’s impossible! I conveyed my thoughts through eye contact.

But then, I was thinking.

Isn’t this fine? This is something between those two, if I get involved it would only get confusing.

As they always say, “A wise man never courts trouble”.

For a long time, I have no interest in meddling in dangerous topics.

“Mah. That’s right……Well, about this topic, the person in question.

We outsiders shouldn’t interfere, isn’t that right?”

There was extra emphasis on Outsider, and I decided to leave the talking to Benimaru.

The executives showed their approval in response to my words.

The feeling that we didn’t want to get involved was mutual.

And so, good luck Benimaru! I think that should suffice as the reward for winning the tournament, so flirt to your hearts content!

TN Note: The author ended with “ go Flirt” or sth, so I added that in.

Whilst cheering him on in my heart, the problem was postponed.

The issue with the Tengu tribe was left to Benimaru, and I decided to stay out of it completely.

Irresponsible? I have no idea what you’re talking about

.

And, when one problem was left aside, another comes up.

This problem is the main cause of the recent busyness.

And that problem is…

Dungeon conquering did not go as well as expected.

The first layer had no traps, and it was meant to help get use to the atmosphere of the dungeon.

Thus, I though it would be in the level where clearing it within a day would be possible.

However, three days had passed and there were no signs of anyone clearing it.

There were even parties who were killed by C rank monsters.

Or rather, there was a lot.

Blinded by greed, those fools rushed towards the treasure box without even noticing the monsters hiding in the corner of the room.

They don’t have the basics. In a nutshell, their sense of danger is sorely lacking!

TN Note: Kind of ignored this, not sure how would I translate this… is there even an English equivalent?

In addition, the monsters wandering around were mainly small fry F ranks.

There were mainly E ranks, and some D ranks in the mix, but this was ultimately a failure.

There were also fools who challenged it alone, and were easily murdered by 3 E rank monsters.

There were also those who met D ranked ones, and were quickly killed.

They were so low leveled they left me speechless.

However this has yet to reach to reach a panicking stage.

The challengers this time are a bouncer and a mercenary; prideful guys who we no good at exploration.

So I though and as I waited for results, the current situation is that even after 3 days no one has successfully conquered the first floor.

There are also those who declared they give up in their midst.

Of course.

Since the save point is located every 10 levels, if you don’t bring in large quantities of rations, you’ll soon go hungry

And as a, they got lost, and couldn’t decide should they go for the exit.

Thus, they were advised to stockpile on provisions and equipment at the beginning, but they didn’t heed it.

If I seriously designed the dungeon to kill them, there wouldn’t be a single successful conqueror even after 100 years.

Fundamental reviewing is likely necessary.

And this is what has been making my head hurt recently.

At this rate things are going to take a turn for the worse.

No, the number of dungeon conquerors is not a problem

If there are magic stones, a small bit of profit could be procured, and thus there are quite the amount of people entering the dungeon one after the other.

When the influential magnates returned to their respective countries, they seem to have posted requests for people to conquer the dungeon, amongst them are some who have thoroughly prepared.

However, they are in the minority, and those with sloppy preparations make up the majority.

And thus, an evaluation meeting.

The participants are me, Veldora, Ramiris, and as an observer Masayuki.

“Yosh, judging from the current situation, it’s completely no good.

Our enjoyment, that’s not it, I believe in order for there to be some successful conquerors we should give some a bit of guidance.”

It’s bad, at this rate they wouldn’t even reach the 10th floor.

At least, to undertake such a challenge alone, only an idiot would think of this.

After all, they wouldn’t even notice their lack of alertness if we don’t point it all.

“And thus, the first level was designed for the sake of getting the feeling,

should I turn it into a “athletic stage” where monsters don’t spawn?

In this level, you get to learn about traps, have combat training with monsters……

Well, we can also use it for soldier training for the recruits of the Monster Country. What do you think?”

“Hm, my opinions, I too believe they’re too soft.

To some degree, I’d want them undergo training, to get a feel on their arms”

“I think so too!

If Mirin were there, they would have all been sent blasting off in a fit of fury!”



And, the creator of the dungeon was being irresponsible towards her challengers, after she rigged it and increased its difficulty.

“Then, there should also be lessons on the basics of dungeon capturing.

Like a tutorial.”

After Masayuki’s casual remark, we looked at each other.

“Tutorial? What’s that?”

“It sounds tasty, is it edible?”

I though Veldora would know about it, but if not even Veldora knows about it, then there’s no way Ramiris would.

Thus Masayuki and I described what a tutorial was.

The two were convinced.

“That sounds great. I get it! I’ll start changing at once!”

Ramiris nodded.

However,

“Ah, please wait a moment. I have also noticed something else.

What about installing inns and meals on each save point?

Or rather, if they’re all spatially connected by a door we would only need one such area right?

This way, people who didn’t prepare beforehand thinking that would be too expensive would use them”

TN Note: you know what to do :3

What was that?

Is this guy… a genius?!

Ramiris directed her line of sight towards him, nodded strongly, and returned to us.

“Masayuki Kun, we’ll try to adopt your idea.

If there’s anything else you have in mind, do not hesitate to speak up.”

While I encouraged him, Masauki was in thought, and I remembered a game that I was previously making.

“That’s right…

For example, maybe save points that are single use only?

Only having a save point once every 10 floors will probably be too difficult.

Although I think it would probably be best to rid them of their dependence in less than 30 floors……

At least until the 20th floor, lets leave a little bit of sweetness in their dungeon capturing experience.”

Fumu.

I see.

“Umu, I though so too!

What Masayuki said is reasonable!”

Veldora quickly hopped aboard on with Masayuki’s suggestion.

Well, I don’t have any objections.

“Yosh, then I’ll prepare hidden room on each floor, connecting it to the dining hall on the 95th floor.

This will also increase the usefulness of that town.

Then, to implement a drop item that can create a save point anywhere.

Is this possible, Ramiris?”

“Of course~! There’s even room to spare

It should be a rare drop from small fries called a memory orb!”

Great great.

The first floor should be for gathering prior experiences in addition to announcements.

Whether a person uses it or not is up to them, and it’s set so that they can’t die in this floor.

There’s a mechanism that allows them to revive on the spot. It’s also an ideal location for a playground for kids.

TN comment: Why the f*** would anyone bring their kid to such a dungeon in the first place?

Then, the 2nd floor would allow virtual battles with all sorts of monsters.

It should be able to reproduce the encountering experience to a certain degree, and it should help with capturing the dungeon.

However, unique monsters and boss monsters are excluded as possible targets.

I also though of convenience up to that point.

Thus on the 2nd floor each person would feel like they have flew into a personal space.

The real thing starts on the 3rd floor.

However, there will be no traps installed on the 3rd floor, and the demons that roam the halls are also low leveled, only F ranks.

I’ll only placed E ranked ones in one section of the area, along with a treasure chest containing potions.

Expensive goods will start appearing at floor 5 and below.

With this feeling, I also though about making adjustments and changed the level of difficulty.



Even in game developing, there would be a certain degree of unreasonableness after closed testing.



Actually, tentatively, the test is being carries out.

However, the ones doing the capturing are 6 members of “Yomigaeri” under shion’s commands.

We were able to capture down to the 40th floor without any problems.

Well, we didn’t arrange a stay on the 30th floor.

However, even with the traps and small fries, the capture proceeded without much struggle.

Thanks to that, we had noticed we made a mistake in the assumption of the labyrinth’s difficulty level.

We must choose our testers carefully.

This will be a future challenge.

Thus, we had hosted a evaluation meeting, and remade a new dungeon.

Myormiles had sent a request and presented a reward for people to capture the dungeon to the branches of the Freedom Association in each nation.

He is doing his job well.

Weights were placed on Gozuru’s wrists and feet, while he stands guard on the 30th floor.

The mezu, now named Mezuru, also defends that floor in shifts.

The 50th floor will also be guarded by either Mezuru or Gozuru, but without their restraints.

I hope they could get along as fellow defenders.

The 95th floor will be the town of the Elves and the Treants (Planned), and with the cooperation of Gelrudo and Mirudo, the place was finished with a beautiful and fantastical touch.

Even though it’s underground, there’s the sun and the sky, even stars can be seen at night.

And thus, the labyrinth’s appearance changes everyday, giving it a fresh new touch.

And finally, adventurers banning together to form capturing teams, has arrived in the Monster Country Tempest at last.





Chapter 117: Smooth Sailing


Having remodeled the dungeon, we once again opened it to the public.

Personally, I thought we made it too easy following all of Masayuki’s suggestion.

How was the reaction?

First, the idiots who wouldn’t listen to the explanation (who only made it up to the 2nd floor at best) were able to get to the third floor.

But, they can’t clear it.

Even so, they challenge it again and again.

What’s pushing them so hard?

Their masters’ orders? Pride?

Not at all. It was a far more practical reason.

Seems like Basson’s acquired weapon, the longsword, was pretty damn good.

Compared to adventurer’s equipment, that is.

Moreover, I had thought it was Kurobee’s work, but it was one of his disciple’s.

And this disciple’s longsword, if ranked normally, would be a high class blade.

At best, it could be ranked as a Special high class blade.

On the market place, a high quality sword is ten times the price. A special blade is fifty times.

Of those who can acquire one, even those affiliated with the army may have a hard time.

So I can completely understand the sudden change in passion.

「Oi, rascals, behold! Doesn’t this beautiful blade fit me!」

Thanks to Basson’s shameless boasting, we have had more guests recently.

Unexpectedly, he is good publicity for our country, so I am thankful.

But, when it all comes down to it, he isn’t one to plan these things.

Now, even those with half a brain-cell are listening to ur explanation and are using the first floor to practice.

Having practiced there, they return to arrange their equipment (which, of course, adds to our profit) and again challenge the dungeon.

And thus, we have those who were able to clear the third floor.

Floors 3-5 are easily cleared with proper mapping skills, so they were able to clear them.

The rest is all up to actual ability.

And by the time these adventurers left the labyrinth, the adventurers from various countries came piling in because of rumors.

Which led to a fierce race to conquer the labyrinth.

Some, of course, started selling maps, so we decided to announce that the labyrinth will be changing.

You have to draw your own map, or it’s meaningless. Map drawing is a fundamental skill they all need to survive.

Based on their estimates, it takes 2-3 days to clear a floor; at best, a day.

Which is why all the adventurers tacitly agreed to hold a strategy meeting each time the labyrinth changes.

Adventurers affiliated with the Freedom Association were clearly on a different level.

They formed teams not composed solely of monster extermination team, but also of gatherers and scavengers.

So they are very adaptable. Having heard the explanation, they quickly understood the rules.

Perhaps it will be too easy for them.

And their clearing speed only proved the fact.

Particularly those versed in Elemental magic: they use spirits to select the correct path to the next floor.

It’s cheating! Elemental magic is cheating!

I asked Ramiris about it, and

「Ah, yeah! Totally didn’t think of that!

But, that just means they are really liked by the spirits, so they are trustworthy!」

She responded.

Well, not like all of them can communicate with spirits, and those who use elemental magic are few among them.

There’s no need to act against them yet. In fact, I would rather commend their resourcefulness.

Moreover, ruin explorers are rather good at identifying traps.

They are able to carefully judge a treasure chest. They are worlds different than simple barmen, and are approaching this as their profession.

Thus, the labyrinth is slowly being cleared and the number of challengers is ever increasing.

We again gathered to discuss the current state of affairs.

Unlike last time, things are proceeding smoothly, so we are merry.

Basically: we are all smiles.

「Oi, Masayuki, did you say you were?

I had thought I saw potential in you, but you are quite the man」

Veldora haughtily praised Masayuki the moment we gathered.

「Ah, is that so? Uh, thanks…」

Masayuki replied, surprised at the sudden praise.

With a “Who the hell is this guy?” kind of look.

Yo, he was here last time, I introduced you two… did you forget who he was because of how nervous you were?

「Ah, this is my best friend, Veldora-san.

I introduced you last time, right?

This is Ramiris, the fairy master of the labyrinth」

「Ay, I shall recognize you, Masayuki」

「Yahoo! You’re great. This success is all thanks to you!」

Unlike last time, perhaps due to recognizing his existence, they are smiling at him.

He returned their smiles.

「Ah, thanks. I’m Masayuki. Satoru… like Rimuru, I am a world traveler. They call me a hero, but that’s just a joke so please ignore it」

Unlike last time, he properly introduced himself.

What a grand improvement. Unlike last time, they recognized Masayuki and are now able to hold a conversation.

「But Ramiris is a fairy, huh. To be able to create such an amazing labyrinth… you are amazing!」

Upon Masayuki’s praise,

「Eh! You, I like you. I’ll make you my follower.

And did you hear, Rimuru? He said I’m amazing!」

Coming at me with a drop kick, Ramiris exclaimed with great pride.

How annoying.

I easily evade the drop kick,

「Right, right. Amazing, amazing. That aside, if Masayuki wants to follow you, I have no problem with that, you know?」

I respond.

A demon lord and a hero. I guess that’s fine.

「Umm, what kind of person is Ramiris-san?

And, what about Veldora…san? Rimuru’s friend?」

「Eh, yeah. Did you not know?

Ramiris is one of the demon lords. And Veldora is a dragon」

「Huh, what? Demon lord and a dragon? EHH? Seriously~su?!」

Masayuki…

Considering his behavior last time, I thought he just had guts.

But he simply did not know. Ignorance is bliss.

And now that he knows, that they are a dragon and a demon lord, it seems his soul has escaped his body…

To have been recognized while yet ignorant, this guy is seriously lucky.

Does it have anything to do with his 『Heroic Disposition』– that is, are his surroundings themselves affected?

Thinking of these things, I decided to ask of Masayuki.

「Ah, well, I did plan to disable the skill, but…

『You negotiated with the demon lord and decrease the difficulty of the dungeon… as expected of our hero!!!』

My comrades said, praising my name.

And, well, they are inside that dungeon, so let me say my thanks…」

Is what he said.

So his luck is not related to a skill but is rather his natural disposition.

I’m honestly surprised.

Having thus finished our self-introductions, we turned to the matter on the table.

Our sales are going well.

Myormiles is very happy.

The challengers drop out and challenge the labyrinth again and again.

They come buying our items again and again, so we easily service a thousand people a day.

Now, as per Masayuki’s suggestion: drops.

We need to figure something out about monsters dropping items and unidentified equipment.

But, drops are a surprisingly difficult topic. Normally, monsters would drop raw materials or stones at most…

「Why is this necessary?」

Veldora asked.

The response,

「Huh? Well, there are those who don’t naturally recover and would suffer a defeat as a result, right? So, I thought: wouldn’t it be nice if monsters dropped potions? And, as for unidentified equipment: when they pick it up, they’d need to leave the labyrinth to have it appraised, right? And by providing such a service we could make a bit more money. We could also mix in some poison with those potions…」

I see.

Getting treasure from treasure chests and some trash from monsters, huh?

Unidentified, huh; that does excite me. I’d be very excited while having it appraised.

Maybe we’ll also raise difficulty in parts where there are such drops.

And I bet there will be those who pack up full of trashy drops to sell back in town.

「I see. Well, that be as it may, shall we shift labyrinth around now?」

I ask. Overall, I’m rather satisfied with how things are going.

「Sounds good」

Ramiris said, like a know-it-all.

Hey, do you seriously understand what I just asked? I sent a glance at her, but she averted her eyes.

So she was just going with the flow. Crafty rascal.

That aside,

We all nodded, having come to a general consensus.

Having monsters swallow trash proved very easy, in fact.

Trainee and the Dryad helped with that.

After space magic to place trash in front of them the monsters just swallow it.

Monsters spawn randomly on the begining floor, so there’s nothing we can do about that, but floors past 6 have monster rooms, so those we can prepare in advance.

By delivering magical energy via pipes we can control when a monster will spawn, and in front of them we can then drop an item.

Of course, some of the items will be held by trap-monsters, but there’s nothing you can do about that.

Managing the spawning of all the monsters would be a pain, if not for just having them spawn in a single room.

We fill a room with monsters, distribute the times, and release the monsters.

Thus, we are able to quickly fill the dungeon with drops.

And thus our dungeon is nearing completion.

The 95th floor we made into a city.

For the elven women who clean, cook, and manage our inns.

They are a wonderful workforce, and I’ll have them leave in that city.

Of course, not just the women, but also the men.

The treants and the dryads already took root there, building a city of trees.

And thus a beautiful town appeared amidst the floor.

A city of Fairies.

The elves will surely be calmer living among the trees.

Accordingly, they expressed their joy with gratitude. And immigrated their with hearts full of hope.

Of course, they are able to manage inns and bars by themselves.

There are a number of man-made inns on that floors, just as there are at other save points.

Managing it all is an elder treant.

Oh, and as there is a chance that treants spawn in this labyrinth, we decided to have them guide and support adventurers along.

Of course, they gladly accepted.

Thus we finished remodeling the labyrinth, and our workload decreased a level.

Seems like the time to refresh the floors came again.

By the time we finished the dungeon, someone had broken throughthe tenth floor.

According to the announcement, the guardian of the 10th floor, the Ogre Lord had appeared.

The town was rather festive

The group to have broke through that far was Hero Masayuki’s group.

『Ma~sayuki, Ma~~sayuki!!』

They cheered.

Though his expression was a cramped smile, it must have appeared dazzling to the onlookers.

The Ogre Lord was a “B+” ranked monster, but clearly no foe for Masayuki’s group.

In fact, his comrades are rather skilled, and able to escape even tough situations unscathed.

Ogre Lord drops items from the ogre series.

The drops this time were: ogre axe and oxe shin guard.

As part of a series, it’s a rare item.

Weapon choice is random. Try your luck again if you didn’t like it.

But just a look at this weapon made the adventurers’ eyes change.

Up until now they had aimed at marginal profit but all of that changed now.

A boss appears once every hour and if he gets defeated one needs to wait another hour.

And when a boss gets defeated, a save point floor appears.

Once you cross beyond this floor, you can never return to this boss fight.

That’s to prevent people from monopolizing the boss.

This boss drops an item box.

So you don’t know what kind of gear you get before you open it. Regardless of the type, though, it will be part of the ogre series.

And as a “B+” ranked boss, it certainly can be defeated by a well-prepared team of six.

News of this quickly spread among all the adventurers.

Greatly increasing the number of challengers.

Just as planned.

By now, there is not a single person in the world who has not heard of Tempest, the city of the labyrinth.





Chapter 118: Labyrinth And Trust


The labyrinth management is going smoothly.

The hearts of the visitorsAdventurers are captivated due to the initial lavish hospitality.

With this, they will challenge the Dungeon and try to conquer it many times just like ants attracted to sugar.

Even though the reward after every tenth floor is one of the attractions, it’s nothing but a ruse to attract customers in the beginning. The things obtained inside the labyrinth are more important.

From the11th to 20th floor, the monsters will begin to work together.

It becomes impossible to conquer the Dungeon with just brute force. And on each floor the amount of fiendish traps that block their way will increase.

From there on is the real deal.

Rumors that the boss of the 10th floor drops rare class equipment spreads among the Adventurers in the blink of an eye.

Originally rare class items were excellent arms made from Demon Steel that weathered many long months and years before gaining an ability as the Demon Steel evolves.

The Demon Steel that Tempest produced was an ore undergoing change because it was exposed to the thick aura Veldora had release, and it contained an overwhelmingly high purity of magic power.

For that reason, there’s a peculiarity of the Demon Steel and the alloy that make the user get used to the arms more quickly than a regular arms. The arms that were made from this high-quality material have a special class performance with just that alone.

Even a trial product has the performance of rare class when it is Kurobee’s work.

But, one fact came to light here.

Even if the arms are of the same class, there is a difference in the performance.

There is a great difference in the quality between the rare class equipment made by Kurobee’s apprentices and his own works.

This is a detail that only a person with『Appraisal[1]』can see.

It’s possible for me to copy Kurobee’s works and the finished product would naturally be of the same class.

However, as I said before, the performance can be said to be inferior to that of the original.

This can be considered a phenomenon caused due to my blacksmith skill being inferior against Kurobee’s blacksmith skill.

It can be said that there was also a level in judging arms.

An amateur cannot tell the difference, an ordinary arms dealer can’t do it either, but an Adventurer who entrusts his life to the weapon, he will understand the difference clearly.

Perhaps, the weapon also grows whenever it’s used.

And then, even if the arms were just being made by Kurobee, they might have already possessed some growth.

If you seek to appraise the arms, you might see the level of the weapon.

As for the rare class equipment that the boss of the 10th floor drops, it is the greatest masterpieces of Kurobee’s apprentices’ works.

There is a difference in the skill between each apprentice, but there’s not a large difference between the performances. I hope they polish their skill and I will expect the creation of various kinds of equipment in the future.

So it was a different situation.

The arms that are dropped by the boss of the 10th floor may be great equipment for normal people, but for us it’s only a place for Kurobee’s apprentices to improve by competing to produce a success product.

It doesn’t mean it hurt our pockets very much. Rather, what more surprised is that the level was rare class.

It doesn’t mean it will drop every time.

The percentage to get the rare class equipment from the treasure chest that the boss protects is set to be around 2%.

Assuming you need one hour to defeat the boss once, it’s not possible to open the treasure chest 24 times in one day. So, they should be able to get one rare class item on the second day.

I think it’s the perfect drop rate to incite people with a passion for gambling.

I think it’s human nature to collect a series items and if they get the same item, it will be exchanged or sold.

As a result, I’m able to make more and more rational reasons for people to dive into the labyrinth.

And about the Inn inside the labyrinth.

At the side of the stairs to the next floor, an unnaturally made door with the word “Inn” on it was created.

First of all, one silver coin is necessary to open the door. This is equal to the admission price to enter the labyrinth.

However, there is a reason why the Adventurers can’t avoid but to use this Inn.

The reason is the change of the labyrinth.

At first, I considered changing the labyrinth every three days, but Masayuki insisted that the difficulty to capture the Dungeon was too high.

And so, right now on the seventh day, the labyrinth changes once a week.

That guy because he has a strong luck, doesn’t hesitate to charge through the labyrinth but he would still take three days to capture the 10th floor.

There are few Adventurers that will explore the vast map without hesitation. The spirits’ guidance also has a limit when showing the shortest route. When it comes to this, there is no other choice but to camp inside the labyrinth.

After securing a room with treasure chests, if they sleep there, a lookout is even necessary on the inside.

Also, the equipments obtained from the labyrinth were too good to be thrown away. But there was a need to prepare foodstuffs, so there was a limit in the quantity that could be transported.

If the reserved food runs out, they need to withdraw immediately.

There is also no reason to worry about hunger as they can use the emergency escape function of the “Bracelet of Revival”, with this they can reduce the amount of food they bring for more empty space.

So, it was a natural matter that they want to use an Inn if possible.

As long as they can find the stairs before starving, they can take the minimum amount of food.

Including the silver coin charged for reentry, there was no choice to be frugal.

However, it not only charges one silver coin for one use, the charges once inside were also more expensive.

A meal charges three times more. Though the room without a meal is like sleeping together in a place that is small like a capsule hotel, the price for it is set as three silver coins.

As one would expect, the building is divided between man and women.

However, even if the price is very high, there will still be people who will use it. Although it costs 5 silver coins to use the furnished large bath, unexpectedly the number of customers was quite high.

Since they fight all the time inside the labyrinth, they are covered with blood and sweat. Maybe they were glad since there even a service to clean their equipment, it was really popular.

Although the service content was inferior to that of inn-town[2], but if I have to say it, the profit ratio from the inside of labyrinth was tremendously high.

Although at the beginning I wanted to leave his place to the Trent, I decided to use it as a place to train new employees.

The people with unskilled cooking abilities or the people who were serving customers for the first time can do their practice in here.

Since the profit in here was beyond my expectation, I think it’s possible to do it.

Also, there might be a lot of attraction due the usage of toilets. (Due to the ability to relieve oneself.)

There wasn’t anything that could be called a toilet in labyrinth. Since they were dancing with death—well if push comes to shove, they have the resolution to just let it leak out.

There was no need to clean up after. The reason being that the monsters would clean it willfully.

The slime born in the labyrinth eats anything. They eat anything from excrement to the remains of the monsters’ corpses.

They will immediately be born, even if they were defeated by adventurers, they repopulate quickly so the labyrinth is unexpectedly clean.

Nevertheless, there were situations that they can’t handle without a toilet.

They will likely cry if they were attacked in such a defenseless situation by a monster. Although they say, “Time-out!” The monster will not listen.

Not only about the ‘Big one’, even to do the ‘small one’ lookout is needed. In the worst case they just let the urine leak out and cope with it, but I dislike that.

At that point they might want to go back, but if after they returned to the town and their peeing was seen, it would be an unthinkable shame play.

Then, what about letting until it dries a bit and leaves it as it is? I also dislike that.

Eventually, the conclusion is that a lookout is necessarily.

If there is a room, you could do it inside, but the fundamental problem doesn’t change a bit.

For a man then this is fine, but for a woman this is a matter of life and death.

Mixed parties of men and women are not something rare, so considering the toilet situation, the utilization of the inn, naturally, would increase.

By the way, there seems to be some kind of magic called〈Physical Condition Control[3]〉.

It can decrease the frequency of excretion to some degree, so it is possible to endure it. Of course there is a limit; it can only last for 3 days.

Except for bold people who didn’t mind leaking out in the middle of battle, this can be called an indispensable magic for an adventurer.

Because the effect has a limited use then that means it would encourage them to use the inn.

So, with such feelings, the management is going as smoothly as planned.

The immigration check to enter Tempest has become strict.

Unlike before, only some merchants and adventurers with verified identification and qualifications can enter the country

Well, the reason is to beware of spies, but there are also other reasons.

That is rating.

The inn in Tempest has became high class-oriented. There are many common inns, but it is difficult to accept all adventurers.

If we let uncivilized people with mostly with unknown background inside, it will be hard to deal with them properly.

Because of that, a fixed demarcation was needed so that the general public that wants to stay in the inn-town will stay in a separated section.

Anyway, although fighting inside the town is forbidden, it’s difficult to prevent an idiot from chanting magic. Because there were important research facilities, a sorting is necessary by all means.

However, because I kind of want to market the city as a sightseeing spot. I decided that anyone that has conquered 10 floors would receive a permit to stay in the city.

Of course, if they caused trouble, the permit would be revoked.

Well, it somehow had an added value, since the high food quality somehow became well-known, this could be related to the motivational increase.

Well, there is also a chance to purchase armaments from the Monster Country, Tempest.

Because of rumors from the merchants that came to this country to trade, there was a rumor about the high class equipment in the weapons and armor shop in the city among the adventurers.

Naturally the one who spread the rumor was me.

Myormilles-kun did a good work.

The arms regularly made by Kurobee’s apprentices were distributed to the merchants. Naturally they’re high quality, and the reputation is great.

The unique equipment and the trial products are displayed but they’re not on sale. It was decided they would be sold it to the consumer directly.

If a person goes over ten floors, that person is suitable to be labeled as stronger than B rank.

If they can defeat the “B+ rank” Ogre Lord, they may have the capabilities to own a strong weapon.

Or rather, for a B rank adventurer they might have a reasonable amount of money. Ellen and her party seem to be poor, but I think they are an exception.

Preventing the influx of people who don’t have money is one of the ways to prevent unnecessary trouble.

It can be said that using the labyrinth, the adventurers will be sorted by their personalities and strength.

Actually, because there is a possibility that Yuuki sent out a spy, I can’t accept everyone.

Judging from appearances, there was no person with bugs clinging to them.

Perhaps it was related to the amount of control over the person.

Hinata had a bug. This was proof that she was strongly dominated.

Masayuki didn’t have the bug. Even so, he seemed to be under the effect of Thought Guidance.

However, if the person doesn’t have the bug, I believe I won’t have to worry as I can easily release it with my『Demon Lord’s Haki』.

I must gather information so that I won’t be caught unprepared while limiting the entry to the country for now.

And so one month has passed.

Myormilles reports to me with a joyful look on his face.

「It’s going well, Rimuru-sama. The profits increase because of the improvement.

Even if you deduct the cost for the drop products in the labyrinth from the profit, the profit covers it all.

Though the rate of profit and investment can be said to be at 10:11.

It’s enough to pay the wages for citizen labor. It seems that the national profit will grow in the future.

If the number of the consumers increases, I think it might improve.

Also, merchants come frequently to visit and say that they want to do transactions.

Even in the Inn-town, because of the visiting merchants or workers who deal with monster parts, it has become like a small city.

Rather than just staying there, they’re asking whether they can open a workshop or not.」

So I’m told.

Fumufumu. It’s as I expected from beginning.

As I explained before, in the end it’s not about making things and selling them at a high price only to make profit.

But, it’s about the lack of jobs for the people that come in and out of this country.

It’s my task as the king to give all of the citizens jobs, in other words to give them a raison d’être.

Although we created the labyrinth in jest, as a centerpiece to draw in people, it was a success.

Afterwards, the money that was acquired by the adventurers that try to conquer the labyrinth would be spent on our country’s commodities.

About the commodities, it’s not limited to inns or meal service, but it also extends weapons, armors and, lastly, perishable goods.

And eventually, the good quality of the equipment made in this country will be widely known.

That is spread from mouth to mouth, there’s no need for us to advertise the commodity, and the customers will come by themselves.

And as a result, Tempest would be acknowledged by many adventures, and would become essential for them.

There would be a few people that will doubt the high performance armaments.

After all, there is a place nearby where the purchased armaments can be tried out.

And like that, trust for this country would be accumulated little by little.

The one thing more important than profit is trust.

As long as it doesn’t go into red and the sum total is black, then I can say that the labyrinth management is a success.

Since the main purpose for making the labyrinth was to attract customers and make this country be recognized by others.

So if we receive profit from the labyrinth, then it can be called a Huge Success.

Receiving my intent, Myormilles also nodded.

「I think that’s not a problem. The number of customers increases steadily.

The fact that this country is a monster country governed by a Demon Lord is well known.

In accordance to Rimuru-sama’s prediction, I think they have begun to give their trust to us.」

Myormilles powerfully affirmed.

Moreover, us huh? Though he is a human, he seems to completely think about things from our point of view.

It’s a pleasant thing.

A trust is not obtained instantly.

It is say that trust is “tough to obtain, and easy to lose”. I think it’s exactly as like that.

You could invite people by stimulating their greed, but it wouldn’t be easy to gain their trust.

If the other party thinks that it could satisfy their own greed, then it could be said I have acquired their trust.

With such a condition, you should work steadily.

A relationship base solely on greed is dull, but it is a great opportunity to see a person’s true nature.

I also nodded back to Myormilles, I was pleased with the present success.

And so, in the inn town.

There is a workshop for Kurobee’s apprentices to repair equipment.

The craftsmen heard the rumor from adventurers settled down in the area and seemed to say that they wanted to open a workshop.

Such a request seems to come in frequently.

Eventually, I think the inn town will develop and give off the feeling of a satellite town[4].

I think it’s great, it seems interesting.

I gave permission for the establishment of the workshop to Myormilles.

As a result, just like I expected, a town was established at the bottom of the mine that would develop into satellite town that surrounds the labyrinth.





Chapter 119: The Way To Enjoy A Dungeon


Gobuta has returned.

Milim seems to have beat some sense into him, judging by his broken state.

Did he become stronger? I don’t know. It does look painful though.

「Hehehe, I… finished… I cleared it!」

Gobuta kept repeating this line.

With a big nod,

「Yes, great job! I didn’t think you could clear hell mode!」

Milim praised him.

If Milim praised him, he must have truly accomplished something.

When I asked him about it later, her training regiment was constant combat.

Constantly fighting devils of equal fighting strength or higher.

「As Milim-sama said,

『You have already reached the pinnacle of your power and will not be able to draw any more magical energy.

But, that changes when you fuse with Ranga.

So, the only problem remaining is being used to controlling that power!

Let Ranga increase the power output, you focus on polishing your feel for it!』

Since then I’ve constantly worked to improve my battle sense.」

He said with a smile.

Having acquired the extra skill『Wiseman』his processing speed has increased.

He has really become quite something.

Now that Milim has come to play I think it’s time to take out the item I had prepared.

Veldora, Ramiris, and Milim: these three are looking with great interest at the item in my hand.

We are in Veldora’s room.

On the lowest floor of the dungeon.

「Gather around, folks! I have a special item here.

Never seen before, a breakthrough the likes this world has never seen.

I have come up with another way to pass the time!」

I said and distributed the item to the three of them.

This I have developed thanks to Sarion’s Empress and Duke Elalude, based on the Homunculus.

That is, I found something pretty nifty while playing around with artificial bodies.

「What’s this?」

「Never seen anything like it? Is it food?」

「Hmph, looks like a vessel for a soul…」

They all voiced various thoughts.

Veldora’s hypothesis is really close. This is indeed a pseudo-vessel for the sole based on the Homunculus project I personally revised.

But Ramiris… food? Seriously?

You don’t think that all I do is for food, do you?!

Ah, whatever.

「Veldora is basically right. This is a vessel for a soul.

Preparing a soul is rather difficult, so I tried making a monsters’ pseudo soul.

I want you to hold it and think of a shape you really like.

You can imagine a monster that actually exists if you want」

「A goblin or an orc, for example?

Or a horned rabbit, or a man-eating bear?」

「Hmm? Anything goes. But pick something you like.

No take backs later, got it?」

Their questions satisfied, they all closely held the object in their hands.

And the magic power swirled around them coiling into the object, giving birth to the monster.

Of a form the master desired.

First, mine:

Of a light existence, a ghost was born.

Negating all physical attack, a body made of pure magic.

I’ll omit the status, but it’s special skills were〈Chemical Magic〉and〈Negate Physical〉

Well, such a ghost would naturally ignore physical attacks.

Next, Veldora’s:

Upon his wish, bones stood up.

A skeleton. It can’t use magic, but it may be learn it later. As a special skill it learned〈Battle Spirit〉.

But it can’t use it yet.

Next, Milim.

A plump and soft body formed. But without limbs. It’s a bright red… slime…

Hey…

「Hey, why a slime? Are you making fun of me?」

「No, I mean, you said… to pick a monster you really like… is it a problem?」

Right back at me! Damn it…

Well, at least she’s happy with her slime.

But why the hell is it red?

Finally, Ramiris.

A knight? No, armor?

She made living armor. A full plate set.

And her monster is the largest amongst ours.

I bet she made it particularly large due to her own complex about her height.

There is nothing inside the armor.

Well, I guess it fits her.

Everyone was staring at the monster they created in wonder.

But the fun was yet to begin.

「Friends, please listen.

Our fun has yet to begin. Please sit down somewhere and make yourself comfortable.

Then, addressing your monster, recite the possession chant」

Nodding at my words, they found a place to rest.

It’s Veldora’s room, but he’s got a bunch of chairs and cushions so it’s not hard to find a comfortable corner.

And we recited the possession chant.

My consciousness blacked out and quickly returned.

I felt the radius of my『Magic Perception』decrease along with my overall perception of the world.

The pseudo-senses are there, so this is still worlds better than when I first reincarnated.

But the others have probably never experienced anything like it, so it must be tough.

Once I survey the room I see a skeleton moving around and a slime moving much too fast.

And a full body of armor moving squeaking along.

Once they got used to their bodies,

『This is amazing!』

They exclaimed.

Yes, this feels even better than I thought.

Just like my own body. But my abilities have dropped so it’s hard to move.

But, after recognizing its abilities it’ll be easy to predict actual movement. I’m already able to move it as I like.

「Yep, it’s a success.

Now then, you understand exactly what we should do with these forms?」

「Ku ku ku. What a foolish question. I already now. It’s a game!」

「What? Really, Veldora?!」

「Master! In that case, I must defeat enemies while in this form?

And this body will grow…?」

As expected of Veldora.

He immediately understood what I wanted to do.

Right, it’s pseudo-VRMMO.

Err, rather than MMO, is it more of a MO? Well, that doesn’t matter really.

What’s important is to enjoy the labyrinth we have built.

「Fufufu, I knew you’d understand, Veldora. You have seen through my plan. Ramiris, we will not defeat enemies. We will conquer this labyrinth. And have these bodies level up! Oh, and of course we’ll slaughter any adventurers in our path.」

『Ooooh, I see!!』

Yes, now I see the light in the end of the tunnel! Our faint hope for fun.

For revival we put on Ramiris’ bracelets–and not those that break after a single use.

And now,

「Now then, we need equipment.

If you can move around now, let’s go see Kurobee for some equipment!」

「Ah I see! I am no skin and all bone!」

「Fufu, what a fool. I am the high speed ultra slime! I have no need for any equipment!」

「Hey, listen. As a piece of armor… what else do I need?」

「Who knows? He’ll figure something out? Well, let’s go!

Milim, if you don’t need anything, please watch the house for me」

「D-don’t be stupid! Even I need to pick out something nice!」

What a selfish kid.

Of course, I too want some equipment. Let’s return to our bodies, and go get some.

「To return just wish to “End Possession.” You’ll then return」

I told them after returning to my body and storing the gem in a bag.

By the way, Veldora nad Ramiris returned, but Milim jumped on my lap in that form.

And,

「I’ll go like this!」

She exclaimed.

She seems to really enjoy it. So childish… well, she’s a kid.

Kids will be kids, right?

So we headed out.

After heading over to Kurobee’s smithy we placed an order for custom made equipment.

I got a Death Scythe and Hell Cloth.

Even though I’m a ghost, I can equip it because it is magical equipment.

Veldora got a Death Sword, Hell Armor, and a Gate Shield–fully protected.

Milim the slime could only get some really simply equipment.

Death pick and a Crimson Robes.

「Can’t get the effect if you don’t equip it, right?」

She mused with a smile on her face.

Hey, as long as she’s happy!

And, Ramiris.

I had a heavy full plate prepared for her.

Ramiris was skeptical, and when she had her living armor equip it…

Her armor absorbed it.

It then fell to pieces,

Was scattered with the wind,

And came together, having changed from Living Armor to Living Custom Armor.

Not an evolution, but a clear change.

「Wow! It’s so much easier to move now!」

As Ramiris said, her armor now moved as if someone had oiled it–really smooth motions.

Seems like the armor had an effect on her mobility. Never would have expected that to happen.

Happy Ramiris now went to pick out a weapon.

「Fufun! I have no need of a shield!」

She said, and picked the heaviest and largest weapon.

The Death Axe. It is the most overwhelming weapon, but is also hard to use.

Well, anything goes, I guess. Normally she gets called a good-for-nothing, so all of this must have really fueled her ego.

I got to see an interesting part of her.

Thus, I, having shed physical form, specialize in magic.

My class is a wizard. Maybe I’ll learn some restoration magic later on.

Veldora can do anything. He’s also planning on learning some magic

His class is a magic knight… though he doesn’t know any magic yet.

Milim is a high-speed, one-shot-one-kill kind of lass. Well, who wouldn’t want to defeat an enemy with a single punch?

The plan is to have her fall from the ceiling and trap our enemies.

If it works it’s be great, if it doesn’t? Well, she can just run away then. She is fast.

In a sense, she’s the perfect slime.

Her class is an Assassin. We could have Souei teach her, but it’s bad to have pleasure interfere with actual business.

Ramiris is all about that strength. She may actually be pretty sturdy and reliable.

Her class is a Berserker. Not that’s she’s mad, but that her swings are dangerous.

Once she and Veldora get the hang of their classes, they’ll make great tankers.

Now then, our shiny new gear is ready and equipped.

Our equipment is ranked unique. But, since we had to make it so that our type of monsters could wear it, its effects are not that high.

For beginners, though, it is extremely good equipment.

Well, even if someone tries to steal it, we’ve cursed the equipment so it won’t work.

Thus, our preparations are in order.

For us who do not hunger, we had no need to prepare any provisions.

And our spirits high, we headed to the dungeon… to fill it with adventurers’ blood!

By the way, as for my body that I left, I planted a piece of my consciousness into it, so I can react.

Since we can’t play around all the time, my body is in my Tempest office for emergencies.

So I missed nothing.

Having thus quickly returned to the labyrinth, we are ready for departure.

Our adventure has only begun!

Thus, we enjoyed ourselves a little.

Though we had some failures, our game proceeded smoothly along.

Of course, the rest of the world did not stay still.

I did collect information while having fun, and heard of something I could never have imagined.

Even we demon lords are not gods. What we do not know we cannot predict.

Happiness always comes to an abrupt stop.

Like a midsummer night’s dream, we awaken.

And upon hearing these news, these days of pure bliss came to an end.





Credits





Translator: Clown / Guro





Epub: Estevam / dotNOVEL





