Tensei Shitara Slime Datta Ken




(転生したらスライムだった件)





Volume 10


Tenma Great War Arc





Fuse


(伏瀬)





Story Description:





Mikami Satoru is a successful, 37 year old adult who has two problems: he has never had a girlfriend; and, while meeting his colleague on the street, Satoru got fatally stabbed. The result? He has reincarnated as a slime. Will that be his third misfortune or a blessing?





Original Story can be found here: Link





Chapter 186: First Move


Soon after Rimuru went to rescue Veldora, the ones who had been left behind immediately shifted into an emergency reorganization.

They entered a state of high alert under Benimaru’s command so that any situation that might arise could be swiftly dealt with.

The reorganization was swiftly completed without any incident immediately after the Empire Invasion. However, it excluded the people who received the effect of evolution.

Benimaru confirmed that the reorganization was finished, with Souei and Shion, the 3 of them had made the arrangements.

Gabil returned to the cave due to the evolution, Gerudo went to the meeting in the Empire Military Headquarters in order to organize it.

The defense of Tempest in Rimuru’s absence was left to the ones left behind.

It was natural that Benimaru and Shion acted as usual as they had not been affected by the evolution.

They had some qualms believing that the grand “Dragon kind” Veldora had fallen into enemy hands, but they didn’t need to worry about it since their master had already left to deal with the situation.

Because their master, the Demon Lord Rimuru, is the strongest of the Demon Lords who possessed both strength and fearsome insight to an abnormal degree.

During Rimuru’s absence, they believed that the probability of some trouble occurring would be very high.

「Benimaru…… Is it all right? You know, that one. How’s your work as the chief?」

「Wa! What are you saying, Shion! In this emergency state, I’m too preoccupied to even think of that!?」

To the rather blunt question of Shion, who pried too much into other people’s business, Benimaru tried to dodge the question while trembling.

However, he was unsuccessful and the place was filled with an awkward atmosphere.

The reason for this was his marriage (soul binding) with Momiji, which had been approved in the time of the victory celebration party. It was celebrated then, but there were various traditions that had not ended yet.

He was also concerned about this, but Benimaru thought that he should restrain himself until it soon reached such circumstances.

Above all, the situation immediately progressed to an emergency state after Guy’s attack and Veldora’s rampage. He had no time to think about such matters now.

Now at last, they could have a relatively short amount of calm.

Although, the demons (Diablo’s group) were summoned with a transfer not long ago and just made a sortie, this didn’t change the fact that he couldn’t let his guard down in the event of something happening later.

The words said by Benimaru were true but,

「No, that’s an important task.

Benimaru, as it’s currently unknown what will happens hereafter, I think that you should do the thing you could do ahead of time.」

Souei who heard the conversation urges Benimaru.

After all, in this situation he would give a reason somehow or another to obviously postpone the problem. For Souei who has long been acquainted with him, he clearly understood his close friends thoughts.

「However, you…… Although Rimuru-sama went to the front line, only I’m in such――」

Like giving up, Benimaru argues vehemently,

「There’ll be no problem. There are 12 Guardian Lords with several others standing by in here.

My subordinates said that they didn’t get enough highlights, so we can cope with it even if you are not here.

Apart from that, the quicker you do it and awaken, you can become more useful to Rimuru-sama, right?」

「I know that but…… How about you, Shion?

Why you can’t evolve? What reason do you have?」

Shion pursued and made further attacks on Benimaru. But, she was asked in return.

The two stared at each other and the place became more awkward.

Souei expressed his disappointment and let out a sigh,

「Benimaru, it’s alright to entrust this place to us. Currently, I had strengthen the surveillance in various places.

If there are any signs of movements, we could immediately deal with it. You should fulfill your duty.」

He supported Benimaru who still lacked determination.

After the brief exchanges were over, Benimaru decided to accompany Momiji towards the village over the boundary to greet the Tengu’s elder.

The deciding factor for this was the report that Rimuru had succeeded in liberating Veldora.

Souei and Shion looked at each other and blew out a sigh of relief.

Benimaru who was the head from the time they were still Ogres, was an important existence among their companions.

And, it was similar for Shion who was of the same race.

Thus, Benimaru was finally determined because of those two’s prodding.

However, as if choosing the time when Benimaru would depart, one person began to act.

This action became the first move for the incoming great war.

　−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−

The merry atmosphere of the victory celebration party changed completely with the later turn of events.

Even for Ramiris who had returned to the innermost part of the labyrinth.

Ramiris was in high spirits as the evolution of her subordinates, the dragon kings, finished without incident as well. However, when she heard that her teacher Veldora had been caught by the enemy, even her merriment faded away leaving her looking uneasy.

Ramiris wanted to spend every day happily. She thought of the place that granted this wish as a splendid one.

Ramiris had spent a long time alone distracted herself from loneliness with the existence of the spirit, so she never wanted to lose something that had become so important her.

Therefore, it could be said that the one who worried the most about Veldora’s matter was her.

「Geez! Teacher was absolutely letting his guard down. I’m sure of it.

Really, geez. It can’t be helped right, if he was careless, Teacher should be invincible…….」

Ramiris mutters inside the laboratory on the bottom layer where she spent many times together with Veldora.

She flies around and around inside the room with no sign of her calming down.

The thing that finally calmed Ramiris down was the report from Shuna saying that Veldora was finally liberated safely.

「Well I believe that teacher will be all right though!

When Rimuru went for it, there’s nothing to be worried about」

She finish saying such a thing magnificently and drank the juice joyfully.

“Yeah, yeah it’s so.” So Shinji and co eludes her.

Beretta, who was standing beside Ramiris, didn’t show any agitated behavior from the beginning as he kept taking care of his unsettled master.

(I need to follow Beretta-san’s example a bit, I should calm down a little……)

Shinji had such impressions towards his employer, but he never said them. If he said such a thing, it would rouse needless anger and his salary might get reduced.

(Even so, Shuna-san is lovely as usual~)

Shinji dispelled the thought quickly, as it can’t be helped, even if he was thinking about his employer.

Even Shuna’s figure which bowed when leaving the room, was dignified and had no flaw. Her appearance seems delicate, but it’s a famous story that she was scary if you made her angry.

It was not only Shinji, but Mark and the new helpers, Michel and Raymond, who also yearned for Shuna.

After Shuna left the room, he saw his employer Ramiris.

He unintentionally let out a sigh.

「…… Wait a moment, Shinji. If you have anything to say I will listen, though?」

「No, there’s nothing.」

He denied in panic. His feeling seemed to have appeared on his face.

「Your control over your emotions was still insufficient!」

Gadra-roushi who is his master had scolded him about this, but he was now convinced.

Certainly he was not too good at controlling his emotion, which is indispensable to a magician. He wanted to learn from the quite expressionless Xing.

Oh well, it might be rude to compare Shuna with Ramiris.

Just like, an adult to a child. Rather, there seemed to be further differences.

Because although Shuna’s appearance still looks like a young girl, her demeanor is of a refined adult.

Although she seemed to be alive for many years now, Ramiris, who has the appearance and mind of a child, couldn’t stand a chance against Shuna.

He thought that Ramiris was cute (pitiful) and that he should treat her more kindly.

However, Shinji remembered the state of the victory celebration party not long ago.

An out of place report that said the god-like existence[1] named Veldora was caught by the enemy came flying suddenly, but the series of events during the victory celebration party were beyond his mind's capabilities to comprehend.

The devils had an unimaginable power.

They pledged their loyalty to the Demon Lord Rimuru.

Shinji is an Otherworlder and he was conceited in thinking that he might be a high-ranking existence. But after he saw that scene, such thoughts were swept away.

He understood that the war potential of the Empire army that came to invade Tempest was less than 30% of the total forces of Tempest.

Moreover, it’s a story completely from before the victory celebration party.

Right now, they can evolve further based on their title. Tempest’s Executives seem to start evolving into the Awakened Demon Lord Class.

To be honest, he doesn't understand the meaning of it.

But they were really glad that they took a refugee from the Empire to Tempest! So Shinji thanked Gadora-roushi once again.

Like that, knowing the safety of Veldora, Ramiris and Shinji’s group were relieved.

「Eh, Dino-san? Where had you gone?

That reminds me...... Rimuru-sama was looking for you, you know?」

「Ah, my bad my bad. It’s just a small business. By the way, is Ramiris here?」

Such conversation was heard.

Dino who had been missing came back, and Mark seemed to notice him.

「Ah, Dino! Hey you, what you have done? Rimuru is searching for you in anger you know!?」

Ramiris stops drinking her juice and flies up, she’s about to go towards Dino.

And then, Dino confirms it,

「What do you intend to do, Dino-sama?」

Dino’s thrust out hand in front of Ramiris was gripped by Beretta from the side instantly.

Although Dino moved at a speed that even Shinji and co couldn’t follow with their eyes, Beretta seemed to prevent it.

It seems that because the reaction was too quick, they could only compensate by guessing.

「……Is that so, you’re still here huh. Oh dear, There are many real hindrances in this place. 」

Dino let out a sigh like he was bored while looking at Beretta with his eyes closed partly.

Finally Shinji and co grasped the situation, it seems that the situation wasn’t a trivial matter.

However, someone still not catching up with the situation,

「…… Eh? Eh!?」

Ramiris looked at Beretta and Dino alternately, she seemed to be desperately trying to understand the situation.

Shinji moved quickly and stood in a position to protect Ramiris beside Beretta.

Similarly, Xing also moved but Mark collapsed on his spot.

Dino might have eliminated Mark, as he was a hindrance, when he extended his hand toward Ramiris.

Mark, the same as Shinji, was a subordinate of Ramiris. Therefore revival is possible even if he died….. even so, Shinji was not able to endure himself as his friend was killed.

Shinji burned with anger,

「Hey, you! What did you do so suddenly?」

He asked Dino.

However, Dino only fixed his eyes on Ramiris without considering Shinji or the other people……

「”Manager” Ramiris, the time has come.

Even you who lost your memory and mutated must not be a harm to that person.

If I bury you now, this labyrinth will be sealed.

The devils in this labyrinth are too dangerous.

If you’re not useful, at least don’t be a hindrance, so please die obediently――」

With serious face, he said that to Ramiris.

But,

「Huh? You, are you losing your mind?

Saying such a thing, if I tell Guy, he will beat you, you know?」

He was turned down flatly by Ramiris’s words.

Dino who heard it began to laugh.

「That’s right. As expected, I thought that you would say so.

But actually…… I’m serious.

Though unwillingly, I’m an existence created with the purpose of “Observer[2]”.

The truth is, I don’t want to work though.

The world where I don’t need to work is an ideal, well, so it goes.

Because such a thing, please try your best to resist.

But, I can’t cut corners too.

Because there’s another “Observer” besides me, so try your best as much as you can and drive me away」

As if it’s his usual expression to be lazy and carefree, he restated his words while waving his hand.

But, contrary to such behavior, Dino’s atmosphere changed to that of a refined person.

Since things have come to such a pass, Ramiris seemed to finally realized the reality.

「Wait, you! You seem to say it seriously.

Some nerve you have, I will be your opponent.

Because I have Dragon Kings as my subordinates!」

「Ah, about them.

If they appears, it would be very troublesome, as you cannot kill them inside the labyrinth right?

Therefore, I’ll make them go to sleep.

Their evolution didn’t seem to be finished completely, it was great that my ability was effective.

I can remove the hindrances without getting any trouble.

Right now, the only people awake inside the labyrinth are the two of us.」

「Haa? Such a thing......」

「It is, that’s with my ability, Ultimate Skill『Slothful King Belphegor』, I made this labyrinth fall asleep!」

「Whatever! Send him to his end, Beretta-san!」

Ramiris shouted so, not knowing what influenced her.

Dino also,

「Please survive as long as possible and take some defensive measures!」

He started attacking Beretta while saying those words.

It was so sudden, the laboratory which had a considerably large space turned into a battlefield.

Dino seemed to reveal his private circumstances intensely, but Shinji thought that this Dino was a guy he would never be able to comprehend.

Though Ramiris wasn’t aware enough to think of such a thing, there was no need to talk about it.

Coming from Dino, there was no need to stall for time, because time was precious.

He thought about how they failed to notice he was leaking information because he was accepted as a comrade.

But even so, he couldn’t believe him because he may intend to deceive people.

Another thought was that Dino believed everything would be alright if he eliminated everyone.

However, if that’s the case then time is precious, there’s no merit in leaking information.

Really, he was unreliable as an ally but it could be said that he would be a more troublesome type of person as an enemy.

The battle between Dino and Beretta grew more intense while such analysis from Shinji was an unrelated matter.

This became the preliminary skirmish of the Great War.

* * *

[1] An existence above the clouds.

[2] 監視者 Kanshisha = Observer, Watcher, Surveillant, Supervisor.





Chapter 187: The One Who Observes


Pulling it out of thin air, Dino held up a great sword comparable to himself in size.

A thick, wide single-edged sword, it seemed to have high killing power and was capable of decimating enemies with its weight.

A massive weapon that didn’t match any lightweight equipment like leather armor, it was a God class great sword inscribed with the name “Crumbling Fang”.

Beretta, on the other hand, was completely bare handed; however, his body was composed of Demon Steel that was originally created by Rimuru.

But in this moment, as the result of his form adapting well to Beretta’s magic power, the materials had transformed into Adamantite (Bio-Demon Steel) similar to that of Zegion’s.

As magic power circulated within him, it[1] had become a deadly weapon that had power stronger than even that of a Legend class weapon.

Its toughness was unparalleled in the labyrinth to the extent that a normal weapon couldn’t even scratch it. That was Beretta.

Against Dino who used a weapon, it wouldn’t mean that Beretta, who was weaponless, was at a disadvantage.

However, the offensive ability of Dino’s weapon seemed to exceed Beretta’s defensive ability.

Thus, Dino moved light-heartedly to break the tension that ran between the two.

Beretta skillfully warded off Dino’s sword strike despite being unarmed.

Without receiving the attacks headfirst, Beretta led Dino around with movements that fused both offense and defence.

While Dino’s attacks only came from the sword, Beretta’s whole body was a weapon. Being unarmed didn’t become a disadvantage - on the contrary, it enabled him to use many more methods of attacking.

For Beretta, who was a Chaos Doll, attribute transformation was his forte.

He drove the Holy attribute into the place that was adapted for Demonic attribute attacks. Thus, Dino’s position was sealed off by Beretta’s localized Holy Barrier for anti-individual use.

He confronted Dino with calculated movements so that he obtained the advantage.

But, Beretta’s true state of affairs was a situation in which he barely maintained the current delicate operation similar to that of threading a needle.

At any rate, the attribute attacks, both Holy and Demonic, didn’t become a decisive blow.

Dino is a Fallen Angel. He’s originally an existence of the Holy attribute that shifted into the Demonic attribute, so he should be weak to Holy attribute.

But for Dino, Holy and even Demonic are familiar attributes to him. Because of this, he had no weaknesses.

Beretta was saved by the fact that Dino couldn’t handle both attributes.

Also, it’s a situation where only a single blow of the fusion of both attributes by Beretta’s Unique Skill『Holy-Demonic Fusion』could somehow cause damage to him.

On the other hand, even if it’s only a sword strike, its single strike could cut Beretta easily.

The strength of Adamantite became very helpless in front of God class weapons.

At a glance, Beretta had continued the battle in an advantageous position but the situation could be immediately reversed with one incorrect move.

Beretta, who understood this situation well, was devoting himself to stalling and buying time, as he wasn’t fighting for victory.

He understood that he couldn’t win against Dino, but victory for him was not the defeat of his opponent.

Certainly, It would’ve been great for him to win, but true victory in this situation was the completion of his task of protecting Ramiris.

As long as he could protect Ramiris, then even if he was defeated, it was possible for him to revive later.

Therefore, Beretta placed priority in stalling for time above all else, and as such he chose the strategy that relied, potentially on sacrificing himself, meaning that he must never get impatient while dealing with Dino’s attacks.

Dino, on the other hand, accurately saw through Beretta’s intentions.

However, saying that he’d shatter it just because he saw through it, wasn’t the case.

What he only needed to be cautious of is the compound attack by『Holy-Demonic Fusion』.

The aura that interweaved both holy attribute and demonic attribute which clad Beretta’s body could attack and pierce through attribute defense.

Basically, defending against this attack was impossible. He will certainly receive damage unless he exceeds it with his willpower and magic power.

Although it’s only a Unique Skill, it’s wonderful because it could damage Dino, who possessed an Ultimate Skill.

He should praise his - Beretta’s - high offensive capabilities that were to the extent of being surprising.

However, this ability had no use in defense.

Because of his excessively-high defensive ability, he seems to be poor in self-defense technique.

Currently Beretta is dealing well against Dino’s attacks, but that was only because Dino was persistently cautious of receiving Beretta’s strikes.

In the case Dino shifted into attacking seriously, Beretta definitely would not have gotten off safely.

Dino carefully ascertained that Beretta didn’t have any hidden items.

It’s very troublesome but it’s a necessary work for neutralizing Beretta in this place.

Anyway, Beretta will revive immediately even if he’s killed.

It was what caused him to make the guardians of each labyrinth floor sleep.

He could kill people if they weren’t one of Ramiris’ subordinates by destroying their ‘Bracelet of Revival’, but if her subordinates were killed then they would revive.

A very troublesome ability that was given to Ramiris.

Therefore, Dino didn’t defeat Ramiris’ subordinates inside the labyrinth but instead, he neutralized them.It was necessary to kill Ramiris who was the foundation if such an opportunity arose.

(It’s really troublesome. Even against Beretta alone takes this much of effort……)

By the way, at first Dino didn’t grasp that the ceremony of evolution was held at the victory celebration party.

By the request from Yuuki, he contacted Guy in the middle of the victory celebration party and schemed to cause a clash between him and Rimuru.

And then he was watching the situation while hiding so that he didn’t get involved in it.

Everything was part of Yuuki’s plan, so he was in the position to cooperate with it.

The plan went well, and there was a sign that Guy seemed to begin to rampage. But, Guy open his heart. It became peaceful for some reason and he realized that the plan had failed.

“If things are going like this, even my spy conduct would’ve gotten exposed,” fortunately, dino had decided to withdraw at the right time…...

He noticed that the state inside the labyrinth was odd.

It became quiet as if it had fallen asleep.

It was his chance.

For the sake of him serving that personage - the person lying dormant inside Yuuki - Ramiris’ existence had become an obstacle.

He didn’t personally dislike Ramiris, but she who was living as she pleased like she’d forgotten her original role became a dangerous existence to Dino’s master.

No, to be accurate it’s not Ramiris who was dangerous…… it’s the labyrinth which she created that was far too dangerous.

The labyrinth with many Devils rivaling the immortal Demon Lords living inside.

It wasn’t an impregnable place.

Not to mention, a research of the latest technology that can be called the core of the lost civilization was conducted in the deepest part of the labyrinth.

Because an ordinary war potential invading it from the front to destroy the research facility was certainly unachievable.

Thus, it was necessary to seal the labyrinth at any cost.

The simplest way for it was to erase Ramiris. Dino decided that he had no time to be thinking about any other way.

Yuuki had always regarded the labyrinth as dangerous.

Also, Ramiris’ ability.

It could be said that when someone gets caught inside the labyrinth and the entrance is closed, escaping would be difficult.

Ramiris’『Labyrinth Creation』is a too dangerous ability, as it’s a glimpse into the ability that created the world.

Dino also agrees with this thought.

Thus, he needs to kill Ramiris in this place.

As he deprived the physical strength of the strong individuals in the labyrinth, they fell asleep quite easily.

If it’s right now, there’ll be no obstacles coming.

He was a little sorry about killing Ramiris since she was a close friend, but even so, he had no hesitation.

「Beretta, you did well. Sleep now, “Fallen Hypno (Slothful Sleep)”!!」

Dino, without hesitating, releases the now reusable ability of his Ultimate Skill[2].

A strong hypnosis induction.

Resisting it with willpower is useless. For those who need rest, they would certainly fall into an eternal sleep.

It was the strongest of Dino’s abilities that exerted a wide-range effect.

Because Dino knew that it was meaningless even if he killed Beretta, he brought Beretta down with the effect of the ability.

Similarly like him, even Ramiris who was being protected fell asleep under the influence of Dino’s ability.

「Seriously there are just too many strong people in this place. Really, what a pain...」

Confirming that Beretta has collapsed, Dino muttered so.

He glanced at Ramiris who was sleeping soundly,

「Actually, I didn’t want to do a thing like this….. but I’m not telling you to forgive me.

Goodbye, Ramiris.」

(EN: sayonara is written in katakana here, for some reason. Maybe it’s just there to make it more dramatic?)

With a ruthless light in his eyes, Dino, without any hesitation, extended his hand towards Ramiris――

A Demon is a race that doesn’t need to sleep

Therefore, Beretta had barely succeeded in resisting Dino’s ability.

He protected Ramiris from Dino’s spear hand that shone using his body as a shield.

Dino’s spear hand pierced through Beretta's Adamantite body with ease.

He seems to not care about Beretta’s defense power as currently he’s not clad in defense of magic power.

Rather saying he succeeded in resisting the ability, he simply doesn’t need sleep.

He forcibly make Beretta entered Sleep Mode and Beretta already has no combat ability.

But,

「Fu, fufufu. I purposely let my core be destroyed. As a result, now I’ll die and revive flawlessly.

It still not the end yet, Dino. I will not let you kill my master!」

Beretta’s voice didn’t have any sign of despair and was convinced with their victory.

「Fool. During the little time until you revive, there’s no obstacle for me to kill Ramiris!」

Dino shouted, denying Beretta’s words.

However, Beretta’s confidence was proper.

While he stalling to buy some time, the situation had improved for the better.

Rather than, in this first place inside this labyrinth――

「No, I will not let you do it.

This “Gehenna Lord (Dark Soul Lord)” Adalman will be your opponent!」

One man―― No, one skeleton entered the Research Room as if responding to Dino’s voice.

「I request you to delay him, Adalman.」

As Beretta called out to him with trust, he became light particles and disappeared.

Adalman gave a big nod and began taking over the fight.

Inside the labyrinth, a second battle had begun.

　−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−

He really was really getting fed up with this.

That was not Dino’s fake impression.

Even Adalman isn’t a threat for Dino. However, without destroying his “Bracelet of Revival”, Adalman cannot be killed completely.

On the contrary, from Adalman’s side, being able to stall for some time against Dino, who was of a higher rank, was already enough.

Not to mention,

「Do you have time to be looking away right now?」

A voice is heard, and a sharp slash grazes Dino’s cheek.

It’s Albert’s - who appeared after Adalman - sword.

A single strike with a God class weapon from Albert, who was a top swordsman.

Albert didn't seem to have mastered the armor yet, and it’s certain that Dino is advantageous yet……

Attacks towards Adalman were tanked by the two people - Albert and the revived Beretta.

And then, the attacks of those two reached Dino with the aid of Recovery Magic in the powerful Support Magic category.

Magic doesn’t affect a person who possesses a Ultimate Skill.

In a sense, this was the natural result because Ultimate Skills are of a higher rank of magic. But, it’s effective even if it only gives an indirect effect rather than a direct one.

In other words, weakening magic and the like wouldn’t work, but giving support to an ally vanguard was effective.

And in addition to that, it’s the compound effect of〈Undead Magic〉with〈Divine Magic〉of Adalman who was a top Grand Priest Class.

Beretta had been able to show the ability that exceeded this a while ago, Albert is also in his top condition.

The exchange of super special moves by the two vanguards who can damage even a spiritual life-form.

Regarding the special sleep, it didn’t have effect as Undead and Demon didn’t need sleep.

He, who should have been at an overwhelmingly higher rank, was having a hard fight against 3 people with lower ranks than him, which was causing him to lose his confidence…… “Have I weakened because of my lazy habit for a long time?”.

Though it could be said that Dino still had composure, being able to think about such joking thoughts.

「Shut up! And yet you two people came to attack the weak me, don’t say it so proudly!

Damn it! Besides, why? The timing was too good, you know!?」

This was too much for Dino, the timing when Adalman appeared was too perfect.

It was unnatural for Adalman to appear immediately after Dino had used his ranged attack that was “Fallen Hypno”.

It’s like the coming of that attack had been predicted since the beginning……

(No, as expected I’m over thinking it…..)

He denied his own thought, and finished dealing with the attack of those two vanguards.

Dino is also a high level swordsman that equalled Albert in sword technique, who possessed a Super-Special Move.

However, he is able to fight evenly because of his physical ability rather than his techniques.

Because Dino’s『Slothful King Belphegor』had a special ability of increasing his power if he didn’t move.

If you say it plainly, he could basically increase his energy by saving his energy.

Though there’s a limit to the maximum amount that he could let out at a time, he could arbitrarily use it in the Hyper Mode to go beyond his usual state.

With that ability, Dino can get a temporary overwhelming fighting power.

Therefore, because he still had surplus of power, he must ascertain the most efficient way to kill the 3 people in front of him…..……

「Fuu, fuhahahahaha! I’m happy I’m happy. It might be not a problem even if I inform you.

You were observed you know.

That’s only natural right? Have you thought about the place you are in right now?

After all, it’s the territory of the Great Demon Lord Rimuru-sama. You cannot do whatever you please.

Of course, this battle is being observed (monitored) too」

Adalman informed Dino totally as if what he said was a known fact.

No, if he gave it more thought he, too, would agree.

Even Dino could see that Demon Lord Rimuru possessed fearsome ingenuity, enough to set up this deeply laid plan.

If that was the case, even if they succeeded in resisting “Fallen Hypno” at first, they would not immediately come over, he might need to be cautious about re-using it.

Since Dino knew that they would revive even if he had killed them, it was expected that he would surely aim to neutralize them with a sleeping attack.

And if they grasped the time for its reuse, he would have no effective means to completely silence them.

Above all else――

(This, me….. the “Observer”, is being observed, he said!?)

――that was humiliating.

It stimulated Dino’s pride, who originally lazy in nature, and Adaman succeeded in making Dino angry.

It was a rule for Dino to achieve the biggest result with a little effort, therefore he avoided the use of an ability that consumed energy needlessly.

But, it doesn’t mean that he wouldn’t do it.

(It might be good if I end it quickly!)

Dino releases all his power in anger, his unwilling nature had disappeared.

He made the biggest mistake by failing to realise who was truly being observed and as such, he cannot let the people who know this information live.

「It’s troublesome, but I cannot say so either.

Don’t think badly about me! “Fallen Catastrophe (Temptation towards Destruction)”!!」

The law is rewritten, and the positive factor starts reverting to minus.

Energy that lead to the suspension of activity, regardless of being living or undead. However, since there was no compelling force, it was the target of the technique who voluntarily walked on the road to destruction.

It can be seen as a kind of hypnotism, but the effect caused by this ability was on a different level.

Because everyone who failed in resisting this will surely die.

The point of the inducement this time was “Destruction”, but Dino could make the target conduct a specific result with the hypnosis. It was a versatile ability.

Because it didn’t use sound as medium, a barrier or the like can’t defend against it which may be its notable point.

As one of the seven deadly sins, “Sloth” could also be called one of the most dreadful ultimate abilities..

That’s because it’s an ability that could exert absolute control over people with emotion and intelligence..

Due to the activation of Dino’s ability, everyone who was in this place fell down and their deaths were confirmed.

Dino had a harder time than he thought.

They were existences that hadn’t acquired Ultimate Skills yet, nevertheless he shuddered at the fact that they were only the subordinates of a sole Demon Lord.

To be precise, Beretta holds two position as he was Ramiris’ subordinate, but such a thing was an irrelevant point.

(Really…… they were not the highest ranking people among Demon Lord Rimuru’s subordinates, right?)

It’s a justified point that Dino wants to complain.

According to Dino’s opinion, his opponents now could be the key figures amongst Rimuru’s subordinates.

But after battling Albert and others, it seems that he ought to make an upward adjustment in his evaluation.

Since it had became a state of emergency, the high rank group had been dispatched. Among the remaining high ranked people, he had confirmed that Benimaru had went elsewhere.

The only remaining threat for Dino was Shion, but she hadn’t awakened an Ultimate Skill yet.

He was extremely cautious and, after confirming the situation, it seemed to be a correct answer for him to wait until the last minute when the success rate increased.

Because if Benimaru, Shion and Souei had also participated in the fight with the three that he had just defeated, the situation would’ve become more difficult even if he didn’t lose.

Being relieved for the time being, Dino stretched out his hand and towards Ramiris’ corpse in order to confirm the result.

“Fallen Catastrophe” is an ability that scattered a wave of hypnosis inducement to the surroundings, so there’s no escape from it.

The effect is shown if the target is basked in it, even in sleeping state. Rather, the target would die without being able to resist it in their sleep.

Dino was convinced of Ramiris’ death and touched the body.

―― He touched it (the corpse), or what it should’ve been.

The corpse turned into light particles, as it took the shape of a butterfly and flew around Dino’s surroundings.

As if it was sneering at Dino……

(――No way…… it was an illusion!?)

He doesn’t want to believe it as it was unbelievable.

But…… surely, Adalman had said so.

“This battle is being observed too”.

(Was that a provocation? In order to make me use my trump card……!?)

So, when he thought about it, it was unnatural for Adalman to say that remark there even though it didn’t create an advantage against Dino.

But, even if it could create an advantageous situation, it wasn’t something that he could understand.

In other words……

Thunk, thunk――

Slowly, someone's footsteps were heard.

The beautiful butterfly of light flew, as if dancing, towards the person who walked calmly and touched that person’s hand.

And the butterfly returns to the form of a fairy sleeping adorably…… Ramiris, who slept innocently and seemingly happily.

Ramiris was handed over to a man with blackish blue hair beside the hand’s owner, who stood without any presence and before anyone was aware of him,

「Souei-dono, I leave Ramiris-sama to you」

A man said it calmly.

「Yeah, leave it to me. Support?」

「There’s no need. I alone is enough」

From the beginning, defense for Ramiris was conducted perfectly.

In the safest labyrinth depths, multiple layers of trap were set up.

By the instructions of a certain person, they were ordered to fight minimally in order to strip the ability of the person who come as a spy.

They followed the order faithfully.

The only one who didn’t know about this was Ramiris.

And, now――

The strongest existence inside the labyrinth had begun to move.

It had engulfed itself in a cocoon in order to evolve its ability, but its consciousness had always been awake.

It was always paying attention due to Thought Link, and it completely grasped the situation.

Due to its blessing of overwhelming, absolute defense, Ramiris’ safety was ensured.

Inside the labyrinth, the third fight began.

Standing in front of Dino was the “Mist Lord (Phantasmal Lord)” Zegion.

He who was the strongest being in this labyrinth.

* * *

[1] Beretta’s body. It’s wholly Adamantite.

[2] Think that his ability has cooldown.

Guro's Note

You met Cliff-san here too!





Chapter 188: Apostle of the End


“Really, stop with the jokes please.”

This was the current state of Dino’s mind.

A new person had appeared as soon as he thought that he had defeated the previous opponent. Moreover, their purpose appeared to be to make him expose his skill.

He failed in his objective to dispose of Ramiris and he had a feeling that even escaping on his own would be a difficult situation.

It seemed to be true that somehow he had been observed and even Dino’s intention to kill the people who were guarding Ramiris seemed to have been predicted.

In the first place he didn’t know whether the person in question, Ramiris, had escaped.

This was an abnormal thing.

“Don’t tell me that the conversation was with an illusion since the beginning?”

But, he possess an Ultimate Skill, not to mention it was an Ultimate Skill with hypnosis as its main power, so he thought that it’s impossible for him to be deceived by illusion.

He knew the strength of the insect type devil named Zegion.

When the Empire’s forces invaded the labyrinth, with his overwhelming fighting power, he was the devil who disposed of the high ranking individuals of the Empire’s forces.

He was an existence that could be called as the strongest in there, inside the labyrinth created by Ramiris.

(That’s why I hated working……)

Dino was formulating the best course of action to be taken in this place, whilst letting out a sigh andhaving thoughts of giving up.

Zegion stepped forward calmly without caring about Dino.

「What is it? Do you have any last words?」

Zegion asked.

「Did you guys ignore my incursion on purpose to uncover my powers?

Don’t joke with me, that’s so dirty!」

Dino who had complained for the time being, ignored his own actions which were full of faults.

Even though it’s no more than a mere outburst of anger, he understood that it couldn’d be helped even if he had said it.

「What ridiculous words, that’s how a fight should be.」

「I already know that!」

The exchanges of words are over, tension runs between the two.

Dino knew of Zegion’s strength. That was an advantage that Dino had, of course he’d use it.

Zegion possessed an ability that specializes in combat that exceeds the level of a Unique Skill.

If comparing only in close-combat ability, than Zegion would be stronger than Dino who has Ultimate Skill.

Dino’s ability was more inclined towards mental attacks, and so it was different from the direct physical offensive abilities.

However, the ability of Dino’s『Slothful King Belphegor』could be interweaved into his sword techniques too, creating a phantasmagoric illusion sword.

It obstructed the enemy’s perception and could make him continue on with the battle advantageously.

Also, he could acquire a fighting strength that’s beyond a master swordsman, like Albert, by releasing his stored power with perfect timing.

Still, Dino’s judgment made him wary of being in close combat with Zegion.

Yet, it wasn’t the time for him to be hesitating.

In order to get past this place, the most efficient way was to kill Zegion with his strongest attack, perhaps even his trump card.

「Humph! Don’t underestimate me. Even though I look like this, I’m one (one pillar) of the Demon Lords; I have lived for a long time.

Take this, and then you shall perish! “Fallen Strike (Fallen Heaven Strike)”!!」

The strongest secret technique of the illusion sword that Dino had created.

He performed the maximum ability release of『Slothful King Belphegor』,the strongest strike with all of his power.

It concealed a wave that stimulated negative feelings and just a graze could rob the target of its will to live.

The only people that can endure this attack are the ones who possessed strong willpower and an Ultimate Skill.

Even Guy would not end up safe if he took a direct hit of it, or so Dino believed.

The negative wave would be released into all directions, so even if someone succeeded in evading the strike, they would just be bathed in the wave and ultimately the person couldn’t escape from his fighting power being drained. Then, Dino could deliver the final blow by slashing his opponent with his sword.

It was his hidden card that Dino released with confidence.

However, Zegion didn’t move.

He ascertained the trajectory of Dino’s sword and, as if it was not something serious, he took Dino’s Great Sword “Crumbling Fang” with the exoskeleton of his left hand, which had been transformed, giving it the properties of Hiihirokane (Ultimate Metal).

「You fool! Even if you stopped my sword, it will become a fatal injury. I won this match!」

Dino shouts.

It was his fastest attack, but it was caught as expected. Moreover, with one hand, as if to say that it was a trifling attack.

A terrific impact should have occurred from the God Class Great Sword, but Zegion remained standing without any hints of shaking. He was calm to the extent of being odious.

But this match was Dino’s victory.

Even if Zegion possessed many Unique Skills with high defensive abilities to an unthinkable degree, it wouldn’t be able to prevent the effect of the soul series attack of an Ultimate Skill.

He made Zegion let his guard down thinking that it was just a sword strike, Dino’s strategy to give off a fatal attack of the soul series seemed to have succeeded.

Because Dino knew that Zegion was strong, he would’ve predicted the sword trajectory and chose not to evade it, as close attacks were his forte.

「Humph. I want all of this to stop, good grief.

He seems to revive in several minutes, I need to kill Ramiris quickly…」

So he muttered, as he turned around towards Souei who was holding the sleeping Ramiris.

With his『Magic Perception』, he felt that Souei’s presence was thin. In other words, this Souei was one of the clones.

The clone’s fighting power was weaker than the main body and much more fragile.

Besides, since Souei didn’t possess an Ultimate Skill and Dino grasped that he doesn’t own Ramiris’s “Bracelet of Revival”, even if the one who standing in front of him was the main body, Souei wasn’t a threat to Dino.

However, he had revealed all of his trump cards and his remaining energy was also decreasing.

Clashing with the executives one after another was unexpected for Dino.

Because he was able to defeat Zegion with his saved trump card, he should get away before he revives.

Dino started walking towards Souei…

However, he felt a strong chill and turned back around to Zegion.

「I’m asking you now, are your attacks of the delayed effect series?

Do you think this non-threatening, breeze-like attack can defeat me?

If, under this situation, there’s no need for such lackadaisical methods, you should release an attack with an immediate effect.」

Zegion says so while standing calmly and unchanging like a while ago, he opened his thrust out grasped left hand from before.

5 flashes were emitted. Those were Zegion’s Dimension Rays.

Dino succeeded in avoiding a fatal injury by instantaneous evasion actions. However, his black wing and right arm were severed.

「It hurtssss……」

Dino was crouched and groaning in pain, but not that much.

“It’d be really dangerous if things continue to go like this”, as Dino ignored the warning given by his instinct, and shouted

「You, why? Why didn’t “Fallen Thanatos (Hypnotic Inducement towards Death)” work?

Even if it was a virtual body,it’s an inescapable technique that would affect the main body even if it was at a distant place,you know!?」

To Dino who was shouting his question,

「I don’t have the obligation to answer it.」

So Zegion answered with cold, heartless voice.

However, he continues…

「――But, I’ll answer it for the pitiful you.

I made it into a phantasm, subtle and profound. Since the very beginning, you have been under the control of my ability.

Know that mind attacks don’t have any effects on me, who has been given the title of “Mist Lord”, the ruler of the illusion world!」

In the voice of an absolute, benevolent being, Zegion answered Dino’s question.

As a result, Dino realized that Zegion is an equal existence to his current self, no, Zegion had possible became a far off, higher ranking existence.

In other words――

(You’re kidding right!?

I saw this guy become a cocoon while the others fell in a deep sleep, but that is the phenomenon seen when evolving……

You can’t be serious, is it a “Harvest Festival”? Everyone? And, furthermore, in the sleep mode!?

Even if it was so...... What the heck is with this guy, how could he have become so strong!!)

Dino understood that it was some kind of evolutional phenomena.

However, it was unimaginable that even while Rimuru was only just an awakened Demon Lord, his subordinates have already evolved into existences that were equal to their Master.

This phenomenon was not expected, even by Dino who had lived for a long time either.

No, in the first place, it wasalready abnormal that there were several Demon Dukes.

They, who are the highest ranked existences of Demons, the strongest spiritual life forms, are forces that can stop Dino.

Just like Beretta and Adalman from a while ago. He could’ve said that the two are forces that equal to or exceed the former Demon Lords.

If things didn’t go well, they could equal to an awakened Demon Lord even if only in power…

But, Dino understood that that was not the case with Zegion, who is in front of him.

He’s clearly different.

He was at an awakened Demon Lord level, and endless power could be felt from his ability.

He’s equal to Dino and this suggested the possibility of Zegion having acquired an Ultimate Skill.

And above all else, his own power had been nullified which meant that the enemy’s ability was stronger.

(No way… My ability is of the Deadly Sins series. It’s a top class ability among the Ultimate Skills you know!?)

It had become a habit for Dino to live while concealing his ability and he could handle the ability just fine.

It’s not weak at all.

It just that his opponent had bad compatibility with him, no, a very, terribly, bad compatibility with him…

From the beginning, this place was Zegion’s control space.

That was, in other words, an indication of this incompatibility.

「You should pray. Oh the sinned one who touch the abyss! Dimension Storm (Phantom Dimension Wave Storm)!!」

The fact is that Zegion is much stronger than Dino.

A rainbow-colored storm swallowed Dino, and Dino’s whole existence was erased.

It’s exactly a high energy storm of a different dimension.

Dino, who didn’t have any means of defence, was annihilated without leaving any piece of meat behind ―― or so it should have been.

「Oh, was his prayer answered? He seemed glad that it’s not only bad luck」

Zegion mutters.

In the meantime, a small breaking sound of something resounded, and Dino’s existence that should have been erased is regenerated.

Zegion understood the situation definitely.

The sound died down and everything was an event within his calculations.

Dino had equipped an ordinary bracelet on his left hand.

It was the cheap thing that can be purchased at the stall in front of the labyrinth.

Right, that was “Bracelet of Revival”.

A mass produced commodity made by Ramiris.

Unlike the genuine article which was worn by the executives inside the labyrinth, it was an inferior product that could only be used once.

For caution’s sake, Dino had purchased this bracelet on his day-off. This was because he didn’t get provided with the genuine one that the executives wears..

When he wore it, he thought that even when all of his positions and conversation were being leaked, his mind could be in relief.

Anyway, Dino prepared the inferior article and equipped it this time around.

Hewas going to kill Ramiris who produced the item and the produced item was to be his insurance. Being able to do such an unprincipled action unconcernedly, that was Dino’s own way of doing things.

Naturally, Zegion noticed that Dino was wearing the bracelet.

He turned a blind eye to it after he had noticed that, mostly because he was conducting an experiment.

‘Whether Ramiris’s divine protection would activate for the person who held hostile intentions towards Ramiris or not?’

The result was right in front of his eyes.

Dino seems to have won the gamble.

For Zegion, there was no big difference whether Dino had won or lost the gamble because, in addition to obtaining the experiment results, he had also fulfilled the conditions for victory by protecting Ramiris.

Zegion lifted Ramiris, who was lying on the ground, with one hand and quietly laid her down on the couch.

Souei seemed to go to support the surface...

Zegion was going to join in the fight too, but apparently it didn’t seem that he was needed for that.

Dino who got away will insist on withdrawal, and it will come to an end soon.

And if there’s no sign of escaping, he will crush him.

The safety of this place was secured. Very soon Beretta and Adalman will revive too.

After Zegion had confirmed Ramiris’s safety once again, he began walking calmly to the surface.

　−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−

‘I’m really tired of this.”

Dino was in a gloomy mood because the strategy failed, rather than being in a more delighted mood because he had survived.

Rather, if Zegion had become such a monster, then capturing the labyrinth by a frontal attack would be hopeless.

Perhaps the situation until a while ago was his biggest chance and he understood that it had been completely lost now.

(Isn’t that guy too strong!?)

Even the finishing blow against himself was beyond his comprehension.

Even for Dino, he only seen a glimpse of Zegion’strue ability and all other information had practically been hidden.

It must be a sign that he had overlooked as the one that was severed was his right hand and not his left hand.

Dino was not so foolish as to not realize this.

Above all else, that monster will arrive at the surface if he doesn’t escape quickly.

With the power he currently owned, he could understand that he could not win against Zegion and therefore, he should withdraw as soon as possible.

(This might be according to that fellow’s expectations too.

He would let me decide to withdraw simply because his comrade on the surface was at a disadvantage.

Or rather, the reason they left the bracelet on me is for an experiment to test whether Ramiris’ ability will affect people with hostile intentions towards her?

As for the reason to do such experiment...

Depending on the situation, those fellows might have taken the possibility of Ramiris being deprived of her management of the labyrinth.

For that experiment, I was used…Good grief.

It’s frightening and unpleasant to think about it.

Demon Lord Rimuru, a fellow you mustn’t be careless with…)

To the frightening imagination that he thought of to himself, Dino increased his evaluation of the Demon Lord Rimuru by several steps.

He even used Ramiris who is his friend; he is someone who might throw away something if it’s not necessary anymore.

If such a person, who is more frightening than a demon, planned a strategy, then no one will know whether there are any other kinds of traps that have been laid out.

Dino hurriedly returned to his comrades on the surface.

When Dino traced back to his comrades, the progress of the battle changed to his advantage.

Standing there, protecting the entrance of Monster Country Tempest is the “Barrier Lord” Gerudo.

His body was stained with blood and it wouldn’t be strange for him to suddenly collapse because he’s full of wounds.

By his side are Souei and Shion.

The executives themselves and not their subordinates are the ones who have become the opponents to prevent the damage from being spreading out.

Dino thought that that it was the correct action.

The opponents of those three were two fallen angels who were Dino’s comrades.

Pico and Gracia.

His “Observer” comrades that were called “Apostle of the End” had overwhelming power.

Spreading their 3 pairs of jet black wings,they were inappropriate for angels who were the proxy of God’s will.

Unlike 10 people who stayed in the sky, the two were just like Dino, who had fallen onto earth.

Including Dino, there were formerly 13 members of the Seraphim.

But three of them had fallen onto the earth and had done many kinds of activities.

If it were those girls of Seraphim class, it should have been easy to annihilate Tempest…

Although they’re dominant right now, they weren’t able to break Gerudo’s defense and only little by little received damage from Shion.

Shion herself is unhurt.

And then, not only Souei came to give his assistance, even if it was those girls, they couldn’t made break through the defence.

(Are you serious? Though they’re on the same level as me, if only judging by sheer power, those girls are on par with the average strength of an awakened Demon Lord you know…)

Although not possessing Ultimate Skill, his colleagues who might equal to awakened Demon Lords cannot defeat those two who were just two Devils. To that reality, Dino felt dizzy.

(I’m aware that woman named Shion is abnormal, but that High Orc is also not an ordinary one)

He didn’t attract attention very much as he was working quietly, but that devil named Gerudo seemed to be a quite excellent warrior.

That’s certain as he has survived with two Seraphim class as his opponent.

「Geez! How very tenacious! If you don’t finish her in one blow, the wound will immediately healed」

「Don’t panic… But still, it’s troublesome!」

Pico shouts while irritated and even Gracia who was usually prudent seemed to have lost her composure.

That might be so, so Dino thinks.

Although they had fallen, they were first rank seraphim. Because those girls cannot attack, their pride might be shredded to pieces.

But, that is Shion’s winning strategy so Dino calmly concludes.

They made use of Gerudo‘s defensive powers as a shield, literally a shield, as they’ve entrusted him to take on every attack. Gerudo, who could survive despite all of that, really deserved to be praised.

(Rather… These fellows, what do they think a comrade is?

Without any sympathy, he’s being made use of as a shield……)

Dino felt so put off.

But, it wasn’t the time to say something stupid indefinitely.

If he doesn’t withdraw quickly, that monster (Zegion) will come.

「You guys, withdraw. We will withdraw!」

Dino shouted.

The two people reacted to it and seemed to be dissatisfied but they obeyed Dino.

「Hey, did the strategy succeed?」

「Ah? It failed. If it didn’t fail, then I wouldn’t have ran away you know!」

「Oi, doesn’t that mean that you were defeated?」

「Ah? That’s why you shouldn't ask about each and every detail!

Couldn’t you guys feel pity for me and kindly pretend to not notice this!?」

『……』

Pico and Gracia became silent as their answer to Dino.

While the situation looked as if they were running away in shame, Dino succeeded in escaping from that place.

Which side was really leading in the first move?

It was an opinion that was heavily debated in the coming ages.

However, it’s certain that the controversial details were known only by people who knew about the internal circumstances deeply.

The one thing that could be said, as the event was well within the calculations, there was no real damage at all on Tempest.





Chapter 189: Army in the Sky


In a castle in the vast sky.

Inside the audience room, chalk pillars were lined in rows.

Angels with pure white wings filled the hall.

Among them were 10 individuals who stood out with 3 pairs of noticeably large, strong and pure-white wings, as well as 3 individuals with jet black wings, all kneeling in the front row.

13 Seraphim class individuals of the “Apostle of the End” group.

Unlike Dino, who was a fallen angel, the pure white seraphim didn’t show any expressions.

As if they were robots, their expressions remained still like Noh masks[1].

However, two of them were pleading with surging emotions to retain their humanity.

They were Kagali and Vega, who were resurrected as seraphim.

Of course, since they gained a “power” that greatly surpassed their former one, their energy seemed to rise greatly.

Their master had not appeared yet.

They received an order to assemble, however they were waiting because there was no estimated time.

It wasn’t all of the angels’ army of 1 million angels, only the higher-ranking angels of commander class gathered here, however, even so the hall was filled with sublime divinity.

In that quiet hall,

「Hey, Dino. For you to be that person’s subordinate, it’s the first time I’ve heard about it, you know?」

Kagali whispered quietly.

Dino awkwardly,

「I thought that there wasn’t a valid reason to say it. Because I’m an “Observer” you see. It’s in the basics to act whilst hiding one’s true identity, you know」

Answered so.

She nodded, agreeing that it would be so,,

「Then, you seemed to have been defeated right? Aside from Demon Lord Rimuru, do the subordinates pose to be much trouble too?」

And she asked the question that she was most concerned about.

Rimuru was a Demon Lord with deep connections. It seemed to be Dino’s duty to neutralize the labyrinth forces during the period when that person fought against Kagali and Co.

The secret agreement of Yuuki and Dino was unknown, even to Kagali.

Dino who had infiltrated the Octogram was acting as an “Obsever”.

His objective was to monitor them from within, the demon lords; who were the primary forces opposing the angels. Infiltrating the group, Dino’s duty was to collect information.

It was Pico and Garasha who investigated without going to the front stage, while Dino was laying down low because of his conspicuous position.

The fallen angels were individuals who engaged in special missions, and were released in order to investigate human society.

However, there was a reason why Dino started the operation.

Originally, Veldanava held the rights to command the angels. However, they were transferred from Veldanava to Ultimate Skill『Justice Lord Michael』 and finally, to Rudra when he borrowed the skill.

However, even with his willpower, Rudra had been unable to move the seraphim class.

In other words, Rudra hadn’t noticed Dino’s existence, who had acted secretively.

And yet, Dino had made a secret agreement with Yuuki.

He was attracted to Yuuki when he met him, he was charmed by the “power” Yuuki had――and was unaware of its scope, to the point where he was obeying Yuuki’s every order.

He was unable to clearly understand the reason, but perhaps――

「It was beyond troublesome. It was to the level where it could not be taken lightly of, no matter what..

I think that fellow is the strongest in the labyrinth, I’m sure he’s stronger than me.

Certainly, I was tired because of the continuous fighting and I had also underestimated my opponents as well……

The other party had been leading me around without showing any of his seriousness.

――In addition, apparently, several of them seemed to have been reborn as awakened Demon Lords.

Don’t make that face of ”what are you talking about?”!

I believe that if our positions were reversed, I’d probably have the same reaction as you though.」

Dino responded like he was tired.

To such an appearance, Kagali realized that what Dino said was not a joke but the truth.

「What a weak thing to say. You should just smash a guy like that! Worry not, yours truly will crush him!」

Vega boasted.

(It’s nice to be an idiot……)

Dino thought so, but he didn’t let it out of his mouth.

Because nothing will come out of it, even if he did say it.

Kagali let out a sigh, having been amazed, while Pico and Garasha unpleasantly knit their eyebrows.

However, nothing was said, as those girls realized that even if they did say anything to Vega, it would be useless.

The place was wrapped by silence once again following Vega’s remark.

Kagali thought about Dino’s remark.

Kagali, herself, had taken in the power of the seraphim and in turn, her power increased greatly. Furthermore, although it was something not known to any other than Yuuki, she had also awakened as a Demon Lord.

10,000 souls had been poured into her Demon Lord’s seed.

As the person who took on the power of an awakened Demon Lord and a Seraphim, She acquired the Ultimate Skill『Dominion Lord Melchizedek』.

Obtaining the absolute rule ability, she was given one of the “Four Fiends of the Heaven Commanders” rank by Yuuki.

He chose the four strongest people and named them the “Four Fiends of the Heaven Commanders”.

She and Dino were two of the “Four Fiends of the Heaven Commanders”. Another one is Vega, while the last person was unknown……

She thought that today’s summons was to unveil the last person.

She put it aside and kept thinking.

She and Dino were equals.

Such a person had asserted that he wasn’t joking about being played around by his opponent.

It might be an enemy that they could never be careless with. But, even so……

Kagali had a hard time suppressing the pleasant feelings that sprung out from her heart.

The tremendous power that she now owns.

She had a hunch that the chance to test it will come soon.

And……

“Just you wait, Leon. Next time, it’ll be your turn to cry!”

Kagali kept thinking while holding back her feelings of obscure joy.

Is her present self really weaker than Dino?

No. She never thought so.

Even if the opponent was capable of leading Dino around, if it was her then she could probably win.

Because her power already surpassed an awakened Demon Lord.

Kagali thought, that if it’s her current self, even Demon Lord Leon might not be a threat.

Kagali quietly waited for Yuuki to appear whilst continuing her thoughts.

Vega doesn’t think.

He just waits for an order.

He has power.

He looked into the deep abyss of this world by experiencing death.

He insatiably devoured a seraphim and made the power his own.

At the same time, the fragments of the abilities that he had acquired so far fused, and he felt that they were strengthened.

Defeat gave birth to power.

An incarnation of spontaneous explosive power. That was Vega.

As the result of being Yuuki’s creation, he was able to take various skills (abilities), fuse them, and supplement them, enabling him to evolve into an ultimate battle monster.

He acquired the Ultimate Skill『Evil Dragon Lord Azi Dahaka[2]』.

It has the destructive ability to overwhelm the other existing skills.

It will be a catastrophe for the world, because this ability had awakened to a person who didn’t think about power control. No, that might have been the reason why he was able to acquire that power, simply because he doesn’t think, he only does.

Anyway, that was it.

Vega waited. Order ran through his body.

His purpose was merely to block those in front of him and annihilate them.

Dino cast his eyes down and thought about the current situation.

How did it become like this? No matter how many times he wondered about it, he couldn’t come up with an answer.

A long time ago, his duty was to descend down to the surface on the command of that personage.

He thought that, at that time, he didn’t have his ego, but one day he suddenly noticed that he was able to think about things for himself.

He asked Pico and Garasha who were his colleague, and the two seemed to have had their ego sprouted at nearly the same time.

It was troublesome to use her power, but Dino had to use Ramiris in order to become a Demon Lord.

Degeneration from Holy to Demonic attribute.

At that time, he had used the secret method of attribute change that only Ramiris was able to perform.

His two colleagues didn’t need to degenerate though, but for some reason they went together with him and became fallen angels. Dino’s impression of them were that they were strange fellows.

After his master had disappeared, Dino kept observing the whole time.

He had to make sure of the ending to the game between Guy and Rudra, because his loyalty to his master, who had disappeared, wasn’t lost.

Because Dino believed that his master would come back one day, no matter how much time it would’ve taken.

And then, he came across it.

The brightness of the soul that he could understand at first sight.

Dino realized that his master had finally returned.

But, it seemed his master wasn’t able to move freely because of some kind of constraint.

So he handled his duty as an “Observer”, the same as always.

Because he knew that his friend was troubled, he continued his willful life while incidentally doing some meddling in various ways.

He did well so far.

Because the only instructions given to him by his master, who returned, was for him to cooperate with a young man named Yuuki.

The problem was the matter of his failure in his attack toward Ramiris from the other day.

He had reluctance in killing Ramiris, who was his benefactor, however he had no other choice but to do it in order to neutralize the labyrinth.

That labyrinth was obviously a threat and he decided that its guardians, the devils, inside were not an existence that he could ignore.

Since it would be difficult to bury them all, it was natural to aim for Ramiris, who made the labyrinth.

However, he didn’t really intend to kill her and only intended to apply a seal with Deep Hypno (Eternal Sleep).

But it ended in failure.

Not only just that……

A mark of a blue butterfly was engraved on his regenerated right hand.

No matter how he looked at it, Dino thought that maybe it was a curse, or something similar, of some kind of restriction series’ ability.

This would explain the reason why his escape was so easily allowed, so Dino felt like he wanted to let out a deep sigh.

Just after that attempt, Dino’s true master awakened.

He felt depressed in reporting his own ineptitude, while at the same time feeling pleased.

If the other party is Yuuki, at least……

“Sorry, failure, failure!” He was able to report it with a smile.

The longer he hesitates about making the report, the worse the consequences will be.

Dino’s anxiety was proved right after all.

『Hiya! Dino-kun, are you well?』

He didn’t want to hear it, the voice of the Demon Lord (Rimuru), who was more unpleasant than the devil, resounded in his brain.

(This is bad, as expected, it was the ability of such a system right!?)

He couldn’t erase the mark of the blue butterfly, even if he had tried to do so.

It shone more beautifully now, compared to the time when it had first been attached, as if the shine was evidence that the ability had taken root.

Although he had covered it with a bracelet, it was only its appearance that he was able to hide.

『Is this Rimuru?』

『Yeah, you understood well. It’s me, me.』

『What is your business? I’m busy though……』

For the voice that echoed even though he didn’t want to hear it, Dino asked.

『Nothing. It’s just a simple conversation, Dino-kun.

You seem to have provoked me for a fight right?

Well enough about your attack to the labyrinth, your colleague seemed to aim at the town right.

Normally, it’s an unforgivable act, but I may let it slide this time』

『Seriously!? What is the condition……?』

『It’s a simple thing. You are on Yuuki’s (Assumed) side right?

Because an all-out war will happen between me and Yuuki, you must not do anything.

I intend to have you be a spy, but the information will be totally untrustworthy.

Even you will feel sorry with betrayal too.』

『Wa? It isn’t a forced question or the like?』

『I’ll know if you are telling a lie, and it’s the same even if the matters change after you say it okay?』

Dino understood what Rimuru was talking about.

If he changed the contents of the information after he had reported it, it was no longer a valid report.

Rimuru seemed to have grasped the right to decide Dino’s life or death from a distance, but it was impossible to control to the extent of restricting Dino’s action, or something like that.

It’s suicidal to plan a strategy based on information that can’t be trusted for a large scale military campaign.

And so Dino shouldn’t do anything, in short, he should continue as a neet?

But, then there’s no point right?

『But, with only that, aren’t there no merits for you?』

『There is. I can shave off the war potential of your side, as long as you don’t join the battle……

The biggest advantage is to have you become our contact.

Although it’s okay if you participate in the fight, I want you to move when it becomes some kind of emergency.

Oh well, although I doubt whether the opponent who wants to destroy the world will respond for a discussion――』

“I see”, so Dino understood.

Demon Lord Rimuru will intend to fight with a frontal attack till the end.

He plans to win. Even though he advised him to surrender, he still wants to use Dino.

Dino thought that he’s a really naïve Demon Lord, naïve in every aspect.

Or possibly, it may be Rimuru’s aim to make him think like so……

Even if his group almost lost, he understood that a surrender will not be accepted, therefore Dino didn’t think that Rimuru will rely on him either.

『Understood. I’ll take your complaint.

I will be devoted to the observer role as much as possible. It will be fine right?

Ah, that’s right. To Ramiris, I’m sorry, I will be saved if you give her my apologies.』

『 Ah? Apologize later by yourself. She yelled threateningly that she will try all of her 48 special moves on you.』

『It’s not 48 right! She can only use dropkick, can’t she?!』

『How would I know. She said so. Will you say it to her?』

『Fufu. Understood. See ya.』

『Ah, see you later.』

(See you later, huh.)

Dino was aware that he felt happy from the bottom of his heart after a long time.

And it was a problem, as he was at his wits’ end.

Dino didn’t have any intentions to betray his creator (master) after all.

On the other hand, Dino understood that if he had reported it as it was honestly, he would be erased.

It has become troublesome, that was Dino’s honest feelings.

But,

(Whatever. After all, I’m very useless.

I mean, the more seriously I work, the weaker I become.

Because I say that I don’t want to work, it’s a dream come true!)

Positive, and with a carefree and lazy thought which others couldn’t follow, Dino reached a conclusion.

And so, his bright face became slightly refreshed while he awaited his master’s arrival.

That positivity was the fearsome point of the man named Dino.

It was time.

A bell resounded solemnly, and the door was opened.

A young man and a celestial maiden, who followed behind him, appeared and walked calmly towards the throne.

The young man is Yuuki, no, he’s the other ‘Yuuki’ inside Yuuki.

The celestial maiden is a beautiful woman who had long, silver hair flowing down her back. However, her face was devoid of any emotion.

She was a beautiful woman who had a pretty face like a Noh mask.

When Yuuki sat down on the throne, the celestial maiden, with natural movements, stood on his right side.

「Show your respect!」

A dignified, melodious voice echoed throughout the hall.

With it as the signal, the people who gathered stood up together and formed a line.

「Yo, everyone. Long time no see. To some people though, nice to meet you.

I’m the person who carries the nucleic core (heart) of the “Stellar King Dragon” Veldanava in my soul.

Being one in body and soul with Yuuki, it’s an unusual case as there’s 2 hearts in 1 soul.

It’s my turn now, please treat me well.

About me, call me Velda and not Yuuki.」

And so Yuuki, no Velda, said as he started to talk.

When Veldanava married Lucia, who was the younger sister of Rudra, he changed his name to Velda Nava.

Thus, he settled it by giving his official name.

And now, it was time for the descent of the true master of the castle on the sky.

The grand audience hall, by the blessing of the will-less angels, was wrapped in a wave of joy due to the overwhelming divinity.

Their true creator had returned after a long time.

Velda intends to settle everything with the Great War (game) that he declared to the Demon Lord Rimuru.

It is the last decision that he gave and it was the will of the Creator (Kagurazaka Yuuki) who reproduced him.

It could be easily imagined that it would become a large-scale Great War, the likes of which have never been seen before.

He did not understand his own true identity.

He is Angra Mainyu, the one who wished for the destruction of the world.

He wandered to many worlds, passing through the eternity of time, until he dwelled into Yuuki’s soul.

When Yuuki had just become a grade-schooler, his parents were involved in an accident and died.

It was an instant death due to a head-on collision with a truck whose driver fell asleep at the wheel and it was at this time, that Yuuki awoke..

It could be said that Yuuki’s will, that wished for the destruction of the world, was the main reason why Angra Mainyu awakened.

Since then, several years have passed by and once again he crossed worlds once again. Was it a coincidence or was it the inevitable?

He recovered a fragment of his missing memory and built a firm will due to Yuuki acquiring the Ultimate Skill『Creation Lord Ahura Mazda[3]』.

However, that power was too much for Yuuki at the time.

Angra Mainyu regained his memory as Velda once again simultaneously.

Velda, who had just awakened, used most of Yuuki’s power, so Ultimate Skill『Creation Lord Ahura Mazda』 was degraded into the Unique Skill『Creator』.

And so, with the relationship of coexistence and mutual prosperity, it became like how it was now.

According to his memories, his true identity was Velda, in other words; he was the heart of the “Stellar King Dragon” Veldanava.

Most of his soul power had been passed to Milim Nava who was his daughter.

The remainder was him, Velda Nava.

But, was he really Velda? He may only be Angra Mainyu, whose will awakened to a simple skill.

This was the question that had always dwelled inside Velda’s mind.

“Stellar King Dragon” Veldanava had perished, and Velda was left.

Then, is the current him the “Stellar King Dragon”? The answer was no.

He is an empty shell which had lost its power and he was not a match to his power during his prime.

But, there were no problems. His power was sufficient, he even finished recovering『Justice Lord Michael』, which transferred when he died.

As for his purpose, it was plain and simple.

To resurrect Lucia and to see whether he truly was the heart of the “Stellar King Dragon” Veldanava who truly loved Lucia.

He would destroy the world many times and his soul would return many times to call back Lucia’s soul.

His wish is to destroy it over and over again endlessly to regain her back for sure.

He collected the fragments of her soul in order to regain her heart.

The probability of success was extremely small, to the extent that it could be said as a non-possibility, but the answer would never be 0.

Then, he would just carry it out.

His host named Yuuki wanted to destroy the world, so their purposes matched.

Thus, they formed a cooperative relationship and treated each other as equals.

It was Velda’s turn right now. Until he wished to swap, Yuuki will be sealed in the depths of their soul.

By the way, he let Lucia’s body that he had kept to borne a seraph, and brought back her appearance of when she was still alive.

『Justice Lord Michael』moved Lucia like a heartless doll.

Michael had a close nature to Angra Mainyu, having been taken in by Velda once before, it retained its faithful will to him.

It could be said that Michael is most suited to be the guardian who would protect Lucia’s body.

Because of Michael, it’s not possible to wound, or to even touch Lucia’s body, as long as Velda yearned for Lucia.

Originally, Lucia had possessed the Ultimate Skill『Wisdom Lord Raphael』 which seemed to have been lost upon her death.

Thinking back on it, when he transferred『Justice Lord Michael』, instead of keeping it, his Ultimate Skill,『Covenant Lord Uriel』was also lost in the same way.

Those two souls had been completely broken, and maybe because of that, it was scattered to the world.

Because he was Velda, even from the state of only being a heart, he had been able to revive.

Reviving Lucia might have been possible when he was the ”Stellar Lord Dragon” Veldanava, but it was not an easy task for the current Velda.

First of all, he must recover all the abilities.

Whatever it takes, he needs to obtain the Ultimate Skill,『Wisdom Lord Raphael』 that will be reborn somewhere, and someday.

He wasn’t panicking.

Because time is infinite and his life span was as well.

Because Lucia will surely wait for him until after he finishes destroying the world.

As Velda was reconfirming his raison d’être, he stared at the angels.

They were beings that he had created long ago.

An army of destruction that needed a large amount of power to summon, yet vanished immediately after being weakened.

But, he solved the problem by giving the angels physical bodies without consuming his own energy this time.

It could be said that preparation was everything.

The 13 pillars of the “Apostle of the End”. Also, Velda’s faithful guardian knight.

Those 14 people became Velda’s strongest subordinates.

Lucia is the chief.

Michael, who dwelled in Lucia’s body, will use the seraphim’s power and protect her.

Following after her are the 4 strongest commanders, Four Fiends of the Heaven Commanders.

The former Demon Lord Kazaream, Kagali.

Vega whom he had created in cooperation with his partner, Yuuki.

Dino, who was his old subordinate.

And ‘Him’, Velda’s guardian knight.

The fallen angels, Pico and Garasha, were treated as Dino’s subordinates but it had been decided that those two would become Lucia‘s personal attendants.

Seven of them remained.

The Executioners (Seven Angels of Punishment).

They were the commanders of the detached corps who led the army of angels.

They were revived as seraphim using the souls of strong people among Yuuki’s subordinates.

The chief of the seven people was the assassin named Arios.

They awakened the Ultimate Skill『Weapon Lord』, as they were people who were skillful with the shield, sword, axe, hammer, spear, whip and bow.

They were also sufficient as war potential, enough to destroy the world.

The angels who listened to Velda’s speech didn’t show any expression.

However, they felt the supreme joy of being able to obey the orders of their creator once more, and they waited impatiently for an order to be issued.

The outbreak of the war was nigh.

* * *

Guro's Note

Do think count as a cliff? XD

Thank you for coming~

* * *

[1] This: For more information go here

[2] アジ・ダハーカ Aji Dahaka (Aži Dahāka/Azh dahak/Zahhak). The son of Angra Mainyu in Zoroastrianism, an evil figure in Iranian mythology and folklore.

[3] アフラ・マズダ Ahura Mazda. The creator and sole God of Zoroastrianism.





Chapter 190: Ultimate Skill


I can’t return to Tempest until Krishna’s arrival.

But, I didn’t just rest leisurely while waiting for Krishna’s arrival.

Just like Emperor Rudra’s wish, I’ll take his place to maintain the peace and order of the Imperial Capital.

I conferred with the nobles who had requested a meeting, patrolled the Imperial Capital or that was what I claimed as I went sightseeing the Imperial Capital. I was very busy.

Because the sightseeing serves as an inspection of the city structure, I’m not playing around. Well, it turned into recreation nonetheless.

For the reconstruction, there’s no need to do anything special right now.

After all, there was no damage to the buildings, the main damage was on the human population.

However, as their relatives were robbed by the angels it might be necessary for us to perform mental care so as to cope with the fear of the citizens who will be ruled by a Demon Lord.

Don’t you think that such matters would not be suitable tasks for the demons? However, unexpectedly, this is not true.

The demons who eat emotions were helpful, because they reduced the burden on the mind by eating the emotions such as the fear and anxiety of the citizens.

Although there would be negative effects to the citizens if all of their emotions were eaten, I ordered them to adjust the citizens’ emotions with moderation. It doesn’t mean all of the citizens’ sadness disappeared, but it could prevent them from performing a rebellion or organize a resistance, so it might be best for them.

Though the demons would probably erase them the moment such signs are seen.

I predict that they wouldn’t report small matters like that at all.

Before the game, Yuuki or rather Angra Mainyu made certain to pluck up all the sprouts of worrying elements...... I intend to overlook such things as it can’t be helped when it happens.

I don’t intend to interfere with the civilians, but I won’t hesitate to destroy them if they raise an armed uprising.

As I didn’t want such a thing to happen if possible, I feel relieved when the Demon style mental care succeeded.

Dino seemed to show his true colors in Tempest, as if he was waiting for the timing when we would be in the middle of combat with the Empire’s army (or rather, we might be the one who chose the time).

I confirmed the damage immediately, Gerudo had received serious injuries while Shion and Souei seemed to be lightly injured.

Shion’s injury was only to the degree that it will be healed immediately, while Souei could hardly be called wounded, as such I felt relieved.

On the other hand, Gerudo’s injuries seem to be considerably bad. It didn’t endanger his life, however, he seems to have fallen into a situation of needing a complete bed rest.

Because of my worry, I came back to check on his condition with the transfer gate during the break.

「Hey, Gerudo. Are you alright?」

I asked his condition as soon as I enter the treatment room

I saw Gerudo’s miserable appearance.

For Gerudo, who has a high recovery rate, to still be in this state, it is probably the influence of the enemy’s abilities.

As I hear about his condition, I see it while referring to the archive[1]….. the fight, where Shion and Souei used Gerudo as a living shield, is projected clearly.

“How cruel!” were my feelings that make me want to console Gerudo from the very bottom of my heart.

No… As far as I can see, they had repulsed two fallen angels which are of higher rank and as a strategy this might be the most optimal choice.

It’s a secret, that I thought, that I am a bit scared of this lack of mercy.

I’m certain that this action is exactly just like an action in a strategy that is drafted by Raphael-san.

「Oh Rimuru-sama!

I, Gerudo am truly ashamed, due to my own uselessness, this one has caused worry for you.

This one shall devote myself more from now on, and acquire a tougher body that wouldn’t be injured to this degree!」

Oh……

Don’t you think that you’re already tough enough by now?

After all, he amazed me by how he received the attacks of two awakened Demon Lord class enemies so many times, yet didn’t get any fatal injuries.

Although, it might be the result of his self-recovery ability aided by Shion’s skills.

「――Is that so. Then I shall anticipate it.

In which case, I will help you only a bit.」

After I say as such, I execute Gerudo’s evolution.

《Notification. Would you like to carry out the evolution of Individual: Gerudo? YES/NO》

I answer with YES, and send 100.000 souls to Gerudo.

In this way, Gerudo has evolved into an awakened Demon Lord as well.

「It’s just a perfect opportunity, while you are imagining the appearance that you desire for yourself, you should take a break.」

「Understood! I’m very grateful for the blessings you have conferred to me!」

Leaving Gerudo who was thanking me, I entrusted the rest to the treatment personnel, and left the room.

Because I was deeply moved and about to cry out, it could be said that I had made my escape. Since I expect that being half-baked will be no good, when it comes to the Great War. Evolving Gerudo had just the right timing, however I don’t think I was very happy. The ceremony was finished without problems as he hadn’t declined this time.

And, there’s another job for me.

I go to the labyrinth groups’ posts.

Inside the labyrinth, Dino seemed to have aimed at Ramiris, so there was a necessity to deal with it for the future.

I listen to the story, as it’s necessary for the future.

Dino had defeated Beretta, he also overwhelmed Adalman and Albert, it seems he had been on the verge of laying his hands on Ramiris.

Oh well, in the end, Ramiris is safe because Zegion protected her, it was a smart decision to keep an eye on him from the start, as I had predicted Dino’s betrayal.

But, it doesn’t mean that Beretta and Adalman are weak.

They are plenty strong, however Dino was a more powerful enemy than we had expected.

Also, I was surprised by Zegion’s splendid performance.

He’s an out of the norm existence. Among my subordinates, he and Diablo form a pair of unrivaled strong individuals.

His strength was clearly on a different level from the other floor guardians.

When I saw the archive, Zegion seemed to have defeated Dino easily, while still hiding his ability.

What a terrifying child.

Honestly, I think it’s a really good thing that he is my ally.

I don’t mean that Adalman and the others’ performance was poor, rather I want to praise them, for splendidly buying time.

However, I’m afraid that they, who were very earnest, might blame themselves again.

And, just as I thought,

「I deeply apologize, Rimuru-sama. I have exposed Ramiris-sama to danger――」

When I called for Beretta, Adalman and co were bowing their heads and apologizing to me.

As expected. I thought that they will feel some sort of responsibility, like this.

「No, didn’t you guys succeed in stalling Dino, in accordance to the plan, right? It is a superb achievement.」

「However, I am the central figure in the defense.

Although I was appointed by Rimuru-sama as Ramiris-sama’s guardian, in this crisis――」

Beretta still argued vehemently.

He must be quite frustrated, however I believe that he was not the only one to have noticed whether he could win or not, in addition he took the most appropriate action.

He seemed to settle down at last, when I praised him that it was a splendid work.

Beretta and Adalman have already earned enough achievements, not just from doing a reckless attack knowing that it was impossible to win against Dino.

Concerning the results, Ramiris is safe so there is no problems whatsoever.

Besides,

「Oh well, I understand your feelings that lament for your lack of power.

If that is so, then I shall give you all more power!」

So, I took a pose as if showing “What a Great Demon Lord!”, and held my hand over Adalman’s head.

《Notification。Would you like to conduct the evolution of Individual: Adalman? YES/NO 》

I reply with YES and Adalman’s awakening evolution completes.

The next is Beretta.

Fortunately, I acquired a large amount of souls during the battle with the Empire Army, therefore I am able to evolve Beretta.

Although I had changed the master and servant relation to Ramiris as the master rather than me, Beretta is still one of the devils that I created. Even now, I own the authority as the sub-master, and there’s also the important duty of protecting Ramiris.

Because I can strengthen him, I want to awake him. The power that will be necessary to accompany the four dragon kings.

「You too, Beretta. From now on, continue to protect Ramiris!」

I end Beretta’s awakening evolution as I order him so.

「Yes! I will put this life on the line!」

Beretta strongly nodded to my words and seemed to accept the evolution.

Then I told him to recuperate at ease and had him return to his job.

Oh well, it’s because they’re strong to the degree that even if the enemy was rather powerful, the labyrinth defense will be alright. However, there is also the possibility that the guardians will need to rally forth to face the enemy.

If Beretta becomes the person in charge of Ramiris’s protection and the labyrinth management, then I will feel more assured.

And with this, one of my tasks came to an end.

When I visited Ramiris who was sleeping innocently on the couch, she seemed to be sleeping in bliss.

It’s quite the relief that she’s safe.

「Munya munya…… Dino you bastard!

I will test all of my 48 special moves on you……」

Is she sleep-talking?

This fellow, and she’s even confident in her dreams……

「I am so glad that you’re safe.」

I said, in a small voice so as to not wake her up, and then left the room.

I had entrusted Shuna to care for Ramiris. Since she’s only sleeping, it will be alright.

I believe that the labyrinth will be alright so long as Zegion protects it, but for the time being I asked about it from Zegion as well.

「Zegion, you did a good job.

I already knew that Dino was suspicious, however the timing of his betrayal was at a time when we were short on hands.

I feel relieved that you were here.」

「No, someone like I still have a long way to go.

If it was Rimuru-sama, even if I hadn’t appeared, you could have killed him with one strike that crosses space-time, right?

I feel grateful for the chance you have given me to participate, whether I was able to meet――」

What is he trying to say?

A strike that crosses space-time? I might not be able to do that…… What kind of monster does this guy picture me as……

「Ah, yea. That’s right…… Perhaps, I might be able to do that, right.」

「Yes! It is a simple task if it is Rimuru-sama.」

This is far beyond mere respect, I feel like his gaze is more like someone who is revering their God.

Because Zegion has compound eyes, this might be no more than my imagination.

Pulling myself together, I spoke with Zegion for a while.

Apparently, he carved a curse onto Dino. Not the Thought Manipulation kind, but the terrifying kind that even has the power over life and death.

In a case that the target does not act according to the practitioner’s intentions, it could immediately rob the target of their life. However, it can’t make detailed limitations, like restraining the target’s actions, so it can’t really limit what the other party will do.

Though he seems to know when the target tells a lie, there’s no special limitation besides that. It is capable of making it impossible, for the target, to say anything about the curse to anyone else, as it is a cue for the activation of the ability.

Simply put, it is a curse that grasps the life and death of the target. Resisting is not possible after the curse has been carved.

In other words, it’s already impossible for Dino to lift the curse, huh. It may be possible for him to expel it, with cooperation from a high-ranking skill holder.

But at least Zegion, was able to put the inhibition on even an Ultimate Skill owner.

Certainly, he could take his life on such an occasion, since he has caused Dino’s death once before. Currently, Dino was living on with the temporary life that Zegion had given.

To be frank, Ultimate Skill『Illusion Lord Mephisto』seems to be an outrageous ability.

I have a feeling, that at least for this guy, there’s no other person with such an outstanding battle specialization and skill aptitude.

You could say they supplement each other. Zegion had acquired the skill that removes his weaknesses, while there are many people who acquire skills to increase their strengths instead.

With his skill, he can create a favorable situation for himself, he also extended his proficiency in order to use it effectively. His combat sense becomes more important from this point on, however, on this aspect I can say that he excels.

Zegion is a really frightening guy.

Afterwards, I contacted Dino through the curse, giving him a warning.

Oh well, as for that man, fighting against him may be simpler.

It is said that an incompetent friend is more frightening than an excellent enemy. In Dino’s case, you can just think that he’s contributing for this side just by being on the enemy’s side.

At most, I want him to obstruct Yuuki side.

I walk around for various other matters and after finishing my business in Tempest, I returned to the Imperial Capital.

I’m back in the Imperial Capital.

I start thinking about skills while taking command as the leader of the army.

It was the most important thing to do before Krishna arrives.

The battle between the demons and the Royal Knights and the following confrontation with Yuuki who became Angra Mainyu, as well as the fight between Zegion and Dino.

The information that I obtained from these events has cast a shadow of doubt inside me. It was pertaining to the thing that I hadn’t thought about deeply until now; about the foundation of this world.

That is the way it is, so that's how things happened, but I wasn’t able to ignore my inquiry into this flow of events.

In other words,

‘What really are Skills?’

About this matter.

I’ve possessed a Unique Skill since the time I came to this world.

Basically, it is said that only hero class individuals possess Unique Skills.

However, the ability is varied as it is called unique; that is, one of a kind.

As it is unique, there is a great difference in the strength of the ability, if it becomes an Ultimate Skill, then there would be differences of power, like heaven and earth.

The people who acquire an Ultimate Skill will come to understand the laws of the world. Therefore, they are existences that are superior in utilizing magic.

Since it is more superior than Unique Skills, I thought that the only thing that could oppose an Ultimate Skill, was another Ultimate Skill.

But, it doesn’t seem to be an absolute rule, although it is correct.

For example, Chloe’s『Infinite Prison』and『Absolute Severance』.

Although these skills are unique class, their strength, can essentially be said to belong to that of ultimate class.

Depending on the situation, it may even win against an Ultimate Skill holder.

In addition, the demons have already demonstrated this, by defeating the Royal Knights who had Ultimate Gift『Alternative』, which had been of ultimate class, with their Unique Skills.

In other words, the differences between Ultimate and Unique is not absolute.

Even if I think about it from such a standpoint, then a question appears: “What is a ‘skill’?”.

It is still easy to understand a species inherent skill. Because, just like it is stated, it is a skill that specific species have.

I can also similarly understand Extra Skills and Basic Skills, like swordsmanship and sorcery.

Because such skills only generate differences between each individual based on their level of proficiency.

However, Unique Skills generate individually, and the performance is respectively distinctive as well.

There are also those which resemble closely that can be grouped together, yet there are none that are identical. Probably, even if the skills have the same name, their performance and rules may be different.

From my current experience, I am certain that it is easy to awaken an ability by having a desire or a fervent wish.

Rather than talent, it’s aptitude. No matter how much you wish for it, you can’t acquire it if your energy is insufficient. Anyways, skills aren’t something that can be acquired by wishing alone. The strength or weakness of the skill are directly influenced by the will. To manifest a more powerful effect, a strong will is necessary. In the end, I guess willpower is used as the primary power source. After ascertaining the nature of skills, the next step is to investigate its correct usage. Because I have Raphael-san with me, I had him teach me the correct usage. Even through acquiring skills by oneself, it isn’t like someone will understand how to use it. A good example might be Dino. According to Raphael-san, Dino’s skill seems to be『Slothful Lord Belphegor』of the Deadly Sin series. The Deadly Sin series are skills that are placed at the top rank among Ultimate Skills. Even so, he was completely defeated by Zegion. It was the result that Raphael-san had predicted. I had been half-convinced, however Raphael-san asserted that the labyrinth was all right if Zegion was there. The result is just as Raphael-san had said.

Whereupon I heard the reason,

《Solution. Individual Dino has made an incorrect usage of the skill.》

So, she had explained in that way, like saying it as a matter of course.

『Slothful Lord Belphegor』 that is born from a lazy mind becomes weaker as the holder moves. Therefore, the correct way to use it is to employ subordinates (or companions). It is only by granting the use of his ability to a proxy, that the skill will show its true power.

If it’s Guy, He would understand the nature of the ability and master it correctly. However, a lazybones like Dino hadn’t seemed to notice the true nature of the skill.

Rather, he might just master the skill instinctively and in an unexpected way if he always relied on other people.

His defeat was the result of him moving. That fellow has such a character, and it might be why he had survived.

Certainly, the moniker of “the more he works, the more he fails” is not just for show.

Besides, there are also other skills which are difficult to control, like Masayuki’s, although he himself didn’t wish for it, as he is naturally seen as a hero.

Isn’t it difficult to know the true nature of the skills and the ways to master them? It’s synonymous with understanding one’s heart, a complicated task.

That is why you can never draw out its true performance if you mistake that a ‘skill’ is merely a weapon or the like.

The next question.

‘Is it possible to duplicate an Ultimate Skill and give it to a subordinate?’

The true nature of Dino’s skill is the mass produced Ultimate Gift by『Justice Lord Michael』. The transfer of the skill to subordinates or companions, but can I transfer an invented ability? I can’t deny its possibility because there might be a previous example.

However, if it is possible, does that mean it is possible to create an invincible army?

I thought about it up to that extent and immediately denied my own thoughts.

If you just think about it, it would not be that convenient.

Certainly the Royal Knights who had the Ultimate Gift were strong. However, there were only two people who were truly able to master their Ultimate Gift, those were Damrada and the warrior whom was Royal Knight No.3, Graneet-san.

The other people hadn’t understood the Ultimate Gift’s nature after all, and thus were defeated by the devils whom only had Unique Skills.

In my opinion, even Damrada was only equal or slightly inferior to Hinata during her prime.

He was certainly strong, but the Ultimate Gift was weak.

It might just be the difference with the man named Kondo who had developed the ability himself.

I’m certain that that man was special. From the fact that he hadn’t wavered even while being overwhelmed by Carrera and being equal to Diablo only in case of his power.

(Hey, Is it possible for me to grant Ultimate Gift to my subordinates?)

《Solution. It is possible》

Raphael answered like it was nothing.

I seem to be able to grant a copy of my ability to a person who has the aptitude for it. However, there is no meaning to it if the person can’t master it.

Come to think of it, wouldn’t『Supply』make a good pair with『Food Chain』?

From the very beginning, Raphael-san has conferred abilities only to the people who had the aptitude and were able to handle it.

And for people who wished for it, for instance Zegion and Veldora-san’s skills, a strengthening remodeled version would be done.

Even if I only gave strong abilities, I couldn’t give the mastery for it.

Because of that, for strengthening, it is possible even if they asked for it from the beginning. Since if they didn’t ask for it, then it would be useless.

Rudra was mistaken in that point.

No, even if he noticed it, he might not have been able to help but to do so.

Even if a powerful skill is given, there’s no meaning if the person themselves doesn’t understand their own mind or a strong will to master the ability.

It comes down to the last question.

‘In the first place, what is Angra Mainyu?’

It could be something like a split personality called dissociative identity disorder.

However, Raphael-san thinks that it might be an existence that evolved from a Will that had sprouted from a skill.

I could also understand such a deep understanding towards a skill.

From the beginning, it was the same thing as when Raphael-san take over my body and I became stronger. An autonomous Will made from an ability that eliminates the emotions. A troublesome existence. Both negotiations and bargaining with it may very well be meaningless. If it’s goal is to destroy the world, then he won’t accept anything besides absolute ruin. It seems it would be meaningless to expect it to change its intent. Because if it is Raphael, she would accept any of my demands and accomplish it. As well as the angels that accompanied it. The high-rank individuals called Seraphim have a high volume of energy as to the degree of an awakened Demon Lord. And they seem to be a kind of spiritual life form. An angel’s weak point, the aspect that makes them inferior compared to a demon , is that an angel lacks a Will. A spiritual life form’s strength changes by their willpower. The angels only have high energy and as such are not really a threat. Even though they are powerful, they are like a robot that just follows their orders, I predict that they will be weak as individuals. However, they will become an existence rivaling the demons in the case they possess a Will. Unlike before, now the angels have achieved incarnation. If the will of the captured people awaken, I think that they will transform into an extremely troublesome army. It will be very likely that individuals who acquire Skills would appears among them. What will happen if Ultimate Gifts are granted to such individuals?

Besides, if I granted Ultimate Gifts......

Though it is very likely that they would be unable to master it, could I ascertain their aptitude with Raphael? As expected, in the case that Yuuki=Angra Mainyu can ascertain aptitudes and increase their number of skill holders, that would be an obvious threat. If that is so, this side will also oppose it, so, should I grant some Ultimate Gifts to the executives? If they become stronger, even if only by a little. I am troubled as to whether or not I should carry it out, even if turns out pretty much useless.

《Question. To strengthen the people who have the aptitude, would you like to promote their skills? YES/NO》

N?

Is that so, giving help to those in the middle of the evolution, huh?

Helping with the ability promotion like what I did with Zegion? That might be good too.

I reply with YES.

The feeling of wanting to strengthen my subordinates, in order to oppose the enemy forces, seems to be transmitted, even if just a little. It can’t be helped if I’m flustered, yet it only took this much to make my heart and mind conflict with each other. However, if you think about it, Raphael-san has always been giving me help. Even now, she has taken an appropriate action and she will be carrying out the reorganization of my skills.

And yet, I still don’t have a suitable way to call her besides『Teacher』or『Raphael-san』. So, I suddenly have an unconscious thought.

(Hey, Raphael…… should I give you an official name too?

That’s right……because you always teach me about various things, how about “Ciel” ≒oshieru[2]?)

As soon as I said it whimsically,

《！！！！！！！！》

I felt an intense Will, as if going mad, from Raphael.

At the same time, various pieces of information begins to flow into me, and became a torrent.

《Notification. Manas (God’s Wisdom Core): Ciel was born from Ultimate Skill『Wisdom Lord Raphael』.

This announcement was concealed by Manas: Ciel.》

Suddenly, the “Voice of the World” had reached my mind.

This is…… an evolution?

Raphael-sensei, no Ciel-sensei seemed to be able to hide it in concealment mode.

Ciel seemed to able to conceal even the “Voice of the World”. I’m amazed.

But, more than such a thing……

I somewhat feel like I am being greatly blessed. It seems I’ve done it again.

Well, as expected, someone who gave a name to a skill, affectionately, like a pervert, might have never existed, until now that is .

《I, I am Ciel. The one who integrates skills, Manas.

The one that will support my master, in Demon Lord Rimuru’s soul.

Master, once again, please treat me well‼》

Ooh……

Though she still had a robotic tone, she had became considerably fluent!?

I have a feeling that the performance of her calculation speed and other things have been improved to some degree.

Unifying my skills seems to have improved the skill.

It was just a sudden idea, but the result astonished me.

(Nice to meet you, Ciel……?)

《Yes! Please treat me well, Master!》

Thus “Ciel” was born separate from Raphael.

“Ciel” will play a further role as my sub-brain that unifies my abilities.

* * *

[1] 戦闘記録 Sentou Kiroku = Combat Record read as Archive. Basically, think this as Rimuru seeing a camera footage~

[2] Oshieru (To teach) = Shieru = Ciel in English.





Chapter 191: Ciel-Sensei’s Skill Synthesis


At my thoughtless whim, Ciel, the intelligent interface, had separated herself from Wisdom Lord Raphael.

Her official title seems to be Manas (Divine Wisdom Core); An intelligent core, she can be thought of as that sort of thing.

Similar to a Spiritual Life Form, she is incapable of materializing by her will alone.

An entity that only "thinks"; She has become that sort of existence.

Existing as a part of my soul, one can think of it like having a second "heart" (Strictly speaking that's not the case, cognition being ‘sense of self’ = heart).

Now then, what has become of Wisdom Lord Raphael?

Just as I was thinking Raphael had become a simple high speed calculator,

《Master, about synthesizing the remaining Skills that are on hold, what should be done?》

I’d forgotten.

Stuff happened, and I ended up not starting the process.

If I remember correctly, we’d be using『Covenant King Uriel』and『Storm King Veldora』to produce『Stellar Wind King Hastur』.

By the way, after the recent events, AKA absorbing "Scorch Dragon" Velgrynd, I had also obtained the Ultimate Skill『Scorch King Velgrynd』.

Velgrynd, who had seen off Emperor Rudra, was now in a released state, via my Scorch Dragon Release.

Though I didn't ask about it, 『Charity King Raguel』has most likely been analyzed already.

In the end, it seems I now wielded 5~6 Ultimate Skills.

Plus, by activating『Food Chain』, the abilities of my underlings undergoing evolution, excluding some abilities, had also been collected.

It's not like I can fully make use of so many, synthesizing them should be fine. There's no battle now anyway, so no problems there.

But, would using skills on the level of『Scorch King Velgrynd』or『Gluttony King Beelzebuth』to synthesize be able to create something else?

Back then, during our tea party with Guy, he said something about "Sin" skills being part of a "Series", I vaguely remembered him saying something like that......

(Right, I should start synthesizing. But, aren't the Sin Series and Virtue(Angel) Series Skills kinda important?)

《There are no problems. As higher tier abilities, collecting all 7 would grant a bonus that releases racial limits.

The Sin Series would be the Demon race, and the Virtue Series would be the Angel race.

That is why, to prevent the enemy from collecting the abilities, Guy・Crimson decided to take in Leon, which would be my speculation.》

Right.

This talk about releasing racial limits, does that mean it comes after completing evolution, via souls?

《That is correct.

Currently, the Demon race has their evolution tree sealed.

But, via Master's "Naming", and the offering of souls, that limit has been released for a handful of individuals.

For the Angels, their evolution tree is not sealed, but their "Free Will" has been sealed instead.

But unfortunately, Angra・Mainyu has most likely released that seal by other means.

For example, dominating the mind of a person, incarnated with an Angel's body, and using the abilities of said Angel that way, or with other similar means――》

Ah, so that's it.

Because the Angels had their "Free Will" sealed, that's why they're so weak. No wonder it felt odd.

Compared to the Demons who had free will, the Angels lacking it was unnatural no matter how you looked at it.

Speaking of unnatural, the rules of evolving for the Demons was weird too.

If they had matured naturally, the highest they could reach was only ever up to Arc Demon tier.

Even the Demons, who had lived a really long time, why were they unable to evolve to the Demon Noble tier?, I thought.

Through this, both sides were balanced out.

A fight would result from just the two races meeting. This looks like the work of someone, as a means to balance them.

My bet’s on Veldanava.

In the underworld, there was most likely only 1 Demon Noble that existed, who had been tasked with the role of administrator.

Arc Demons that were recently born, and veteran Arc Demons like Diablo and Testarossa were existences of incomparable charisma.

That is obvious, as they had no power to evolve naturally.

It isn’t known since when, but it was thought that further evolution was impossible, without collecting all the 7 Sin Series Skills.

If you think about it this way, that time when Guy suddenly showed up right when there was an influx of Demon Nobles under me, I can now comprehend his actions.

The Angels were all "enslaved" under『Justice King Michael』 with their wills sealed.

By collecting all 7 of the Virtue Series Skills, the wills of the affected Angels would be released.

But, rather than incarnating as an Angel, it would be akin to obtaining control of an Angel with free will.

There is no doubt that the side that releases their ‘seal’ first would gain the upper hand.

Thinking as such, Guy prioritized collecting the Sin Series Skills. At the same time, he brought over someone(Leon) who had an Angel Series skill, thus impeding the Angel’s side.

With that train of thought, it is possible that there is a group that was collecting the Skills to release the Angel’s side too.

Hmm, wait a sec....

It should have been a good choice for Rudra to be the one leading the Angels that had lost their will.

But that would imply that only because of the seal on the Angels' wills, the seal on the demons was implemented to balance it out.

While granting Rudra『Justice King Michael』, it was thrown in as a bonus of sorts?

Well, it's pointless to think about such things right now anyways.

This underlying mechanism between the Sin Series and Virtue Series isn't really relevant to me.

The evolution of Demons has not been a problem for me anyway.

(Doesn't look like there's any problems. Alright, I'll leave it to you! Ah, wai....)

《Understood! Beginning the process right away!!》

Looking back, I was a man who repeated his mistakes.

It's never a good idea to say "leave it to you", haven't I regretted this countless times! Why, did I do it again....

Before I could even stop her, Ciel, who was fully prepared, began the synthesizing of my abilities.

It is possible that me giving the green light accidentally, then frantically trying to stop the process, was all within range of her predictions.

With fearsome speed, the synthesis began immediately after I had consented.

As though having waited forever in a "Stay!" position, she worked at a furious pace...... (EN: stay! as in like a pet dog)

Ahh, she's definitely doing something unbelievably amazing, I thought, having kind of given up trying to stop her.

Now then.

The synthesis felt pleasant this time, as it ended without me going into Sleep Mode.

That was expected though.

Since I was asked for consent in the middle of a battle, if the process caused me to go into Sleep Mode, even I would get pissed.

It took more than 48 hours to complete the process; During that time, I had no problems with everyday activities.

(So, how's it looking this time?)

Taking my question as a chance, Ciel happily began to explain the results.

《First, using『Wisdom Lord Raphael』and『Gluttony King Beelzebuth』I synthes――》

(Ooooi!! Wait wait wait wait――)

What did she say just now!?

This fella, what did she just let slip? 『Wisdom Lord Raphael』, which was her original "body" of sorts, was used as a part of synthesis!?

Is there a problem? was the impression that Ciel gave, but I calmed down and started a Q&A with her.

But, looks like I wasn't mistaken about what I heard. I do know it's kinda impossible to be mistaken about such things though......

Although I kind of expected it, it's still shocking nonetheless.

After that, I continued my Q&A with Ciel-sensei, and confirmed the results of my ability synthesis.

I definitely should have confirmed the contents before beginning the process.

My abilities after the synthesis, looked nothing like what it was before.

More like, it felt horrifying to merely call it synthesis. Well, it is what it is.

Status

Name: Rimuru Tempest

Species: Ultimate Slime

Divine Blessing: Great Demon Lord's Blessing

Title: "Great Demon Lord"

Magic: 〈True Dragon species Magic〉〈Upper tier Spirit Summoning〉

〈Upper tier Demon Summoning〉, etc

Skills: Manas: Ciel

　　　 ・ Thought Acceleration・Appraisal・Parallel Processing

・Fusion・Separation・Chant Annulment

・All of Creation・Food Chain・etc

Ultimate Skill(s)

『Void God Azathoth』

・ Soul Consumption・Turn Null[1]・Imaginary Room

・Space Time Control・Multi-Dimensional Barrier

・True Dragon Release・True Dragon Core Transformation

『Harvest Lord Shub Niggurath』

　　　 ・ Skill Creation・Skill Duplication

・Skill Gifting・Skill Bank

Normal Skills...『Universal Perception』『Great Demon Lord's Haki』

『Universal Body Transformation』

Combat Skills...『Law Manipulation』『Element Alteration』

『Telepathy Control』『Clairvoyance』

Resistances: Physical Attack Nullification, Natural Elements Nullification,

Abnormal Status Nullification, Mental Attack Nullification,

Hybrid Attack Resistance

The results looked like this.

This isn't on the level of just "refreshing".

Though it was shocking how nonchalantly she expended『Wisdom Lord Raphael』, which was her original "body", it kind of became an empty husk.

For Ciel, there were no deep emotions, she just went on with her work without any hint of sentimentality.

Her thoroughness was to the point that she had been sacking any and all unneeded skills.

Also, my title had somehow become "Great Demon Lord"; I lost Divine Protection and instead have Divine Blessing.

From the one being protected, to the one giving protection it seems.

While I was still a Demon Lord, I shared both protection and blessing with Veldora, but now, that's not possible any more.[2]

Having the title "Great Demon Lord" means that I have multiple Demon Lord level followers; there is clear difference in our positions.

It was kind of concealed, but I was notified of the change in title by the "Voice of the World".

Next, about my abilities, it really became some out-of-this-world stuff.

So, first up.

Synthesizing『Wisdom Lord Raphael』and『Gluttony King Beelzebuth』,『Void God Azathoth』was born.

It seems『Storm King Veldora』and『Scorch King Velgrynd』were expended too, with only certain abilities being inherited.

Although the summoning abilities were lost, I didn't really make use of them as they had time limitations, so it isn't a big deal. Instead, the Release abilities got improved.

True Dragon Core Transformation is, word for word, an ability that manifests a Blade Core. I still need to get consent from the actual person(dragon), but this is way too powerful for normal use anyway.

Instead, I can now create Pseudo-cores too, which are watered down and expendable. At roughly 5% of the original output, even that is pretty amazing, and it makes them more conventionally usable.

Also, I can produce Velgrynd's Pseudo-Scorch cores too, but....

It is also possible to manifest Velgrynd as a Blade Core, but getting her consent is most likely impossible, so getting her Pseudo-cores is also kinda difficult.[3]

The most important point, is that the Pseudo-cores don't affect True Dragon Release. I can make them at any time without the need for consent, this makes it a very attractive ability.

But, the True Dragon related abilities aren’t the problem.

The really nasty ones, are the main abilities that were synthesized for Void God Azathoth.

Soul Consumption... The upgraded version of Predate. Consumes everything, including the target's soul.

Turn Null...An immensely destructive Energy produced from a chaotic, nuclear dimension. Controllable via Manas.

Imaginary Room... A dimension made to isolate any and all targets. The upgraded version of『Stomach』＋『Isolate』.

Space Time Control... Instantaneous travel is possible with my will alone.

Multi-Dimensional Barrier... An always active, multi-layered barrier. An absolute defense that makes use of dimensional gaps.

That, was what Ciel-sensei explained them as.

Frankly, I wasn't expecting upgrades of this level....

Where’d that Stellar Wind Lord Hastur go off to! I didn't even have the spirit to make that "jab".

As long as I had Void God Azathoth, the other abilities weren't needed, I thought.

Secondly, what looked like the pot that received the remaining skills, was『Harvest Lord Shub Niggurath』.

This was simply, a skill made for my followers.

Skill Creation... Information that has been gathered by『Food Chain』and『Analysis』, are used to create new skills.

Skill Duplication... The ability to make copies of obtained skills.

Skill Gifting... The ability to grant the copied skills onto the target. Can also remove the granted skills.

Skill Bank... Turns skills that have been obtained into information and stores them, able to reproduce the skills at any time.

Turning the hefty amount of skills that have been consumed into information, it's now all stored nicely.

Plus, they can be reproduced whenever. Now that is one absurd ability.

Granting a Gift to my followers, has also become possible. But regarding that, there was compatibility of the follower etc. to consider.

It's not as if anyone can use those overpowered abilities.

Those kinds of details, I can let Ciel handle. Her habit of "Remodelling" is still around, but she can't do the impossible.

These 2 skills were what was obtained this time.

Whatever the case, this looks way too powered up compared to before the synthesis.

I did think this was overdoing it at first, however, thinking of the future confrontation with Angra Mainyu got me to re-evaluate my thoughts.

I want to properly conclude this mess, and get on with fully enjoying my life here.

And so, my ability synthesis, courtesy of Ciel-sensei, concludes.

At the same time as my ability synthesis completed, the evolution of the Executives also concluded.

All of them had their compatibilities guided by Ciel-sensei, and their abilities optimized.

Well that much was kind of expected, it looks like Gifting effects also had some impact there.

It looks like Shion is the only one who has yet to ascend for some reason, everyone else has safely ascended.

How have they all turned out....

Up first, Benimaru.

Name: Benimaru

Species: Flame Spirit Oni (Upper tier Divine Monster Spirit[4])

Divine Protection: Great Demon Lord's Blessing

Title: "Flare Lord (King of Vermillion Rage)"

Magic: 〈Flame spirit magic〉

Skills: Ultimate Skill

『Blazing Sun Lord Amaterasu』

　　　　 ... Thought Acceleration・Unifying Command

・Light & Heat Control・Space Manipulation

・Multi-Layered Barrier

Regular Skills... 『Universal Perception』『Demon Lord's Haki』

Battle Skills... 『Law Manipulation (Heat)』

Resistances: Physical Attack Immunity, Natural Elements Immunity,

Abnormal Status Immunity, Mental Attack Resistance,

Hybrid Attack Resistance

Looks like he managed to get along with Momiji, and has safely ascended.[5]

Discarding his physical body, he had fully evolved into a Spiritual Life Form. Albeit lower than the True Dragons, he is still an Elemental Divine Spirit nonetheless.

Obviously, his stats improved drastically, saying his strength was greater than an awakened demon lord wouldn't be an understatement.

As Zegion still has a physical body, just comparing that alone would make Benimaru the victor in a battle between the two.

Fact is, Benimaru, Diablo, and Zegion, has secured the top 3 positions from what it looks like.

Moving on, Souei.

Name: Souei

Species: Dark Spirit Oni (Middle tier Divine Monster Spirit)

Divine Protection: The Flare Lord's Shadow

Title: "Darkness (Master of the Dark)"

Magic: 〈Dark Spirit Magic〉

Skills: Ultimate Gift

『Shadow Moon Lord Tsukuyomi』

　　　　 ... Thought Acceleration・Eye of the Moon

・One Hit Kill・Ultra Speed Movement

・Parallel Existence・Space Manipulation

・Multi-Layered Barrier

Regular Skills... 『Universal Perception』『Stealth』

Battle Skills... 『Law Manipulation (Shadow)』『Nerve Strings』

Resistances: Physical Attack Immunity, Natural Elements Immunity,

Abnormal Status Immunity, Mental Attack Immunity

As Benimaru's shadow, it seems the two of them started their ascension at the same time.

Turning into something different from his unique race, he has become an existence that rivals Benimaru.

If you only look at total Energy Levels he would pale in comparison with Benimaru, but his strength is still top notch.

Though he only became a Half Spiritual Life Form, he should end up being the same as Benimaru after settling down.[6]

I think, he's most likely being treated(by the system) as Benimaru's follower.

Well, his attitude hasn't really change anyway, so it's not a big deal.

Of the abilities he obtained, most notable is "Eye of the Moon", which is an ability that specializes in gathering information.

It seems it was obtained with influence from Benimaru's abilities, and some help from Ciel-sensei.

The ability, is similar to high tier Observation Magic. It is capable of observing anywhere in the world with the option to add sound too, and the information can be processed and turned into a video.

As expected, for being fully specialized in spying activities, he’s turned into a pretty dependable guy.

As the one who grasps all information in Tempest, he was granted the title of "Darkness(Master of the Dark)".

Ranga.

Name: Ranga

Species: Wind Spirit Wolf (Upper tier Divine Monster Spirit)

Divine Protection: Great Demon Lord's Blessing

Title: "Star Lord (Stellar Wolf King)"

Magic: 〈Wind Spirit Magic〉

Skills: Ultimate Skill

『Stellar Wind Lord Hastur』

　　　 　... Thought Acceleration・Weather Control

・Space Control・Multi-Layered Barrier

Regular Skills... 『Universal Perception』『Demon Lord's Haki』

Battle Skills... 『Law Manipulation (Wind)』

Resistances: Physical Attack Immunity, Natural Elements Immunity,

Abnormal Status Immunity, Mental Attack Resistance,

Hybrid Attack Resistance

Ah, I was wondering where it went,『Stellar Wind Lord Hastur』was passed onto Ranga.

A superb skill that has the power to control the weather. It really fits Ranga to a T.

Released from the shackles of the fang wolf race, he has ascended to a Half Spiritual Life Form of the Upper tier, a Wind Spirit type.

Hmm, doesn't this mean, that he’s become really powerful?

Will Gobuta be able to work well with him now? It's slightly worrying.

Name: Gabil

Species: Dragonewt (Humanoid Dragon)

Divine Protection: Great Demon Lord's Blessing

Title: "Drag Lord[7] (Heavenly Dragon King)" (EN: lol)(PN: That brings up horrifying imagery.)

Skills: Ultimate Gift

『Pierrot Star (The Frivolous)』(PN: This totally speaks about his dark past.)

　　　 　... Thought Acceleration・Mishap Manipulation・Rewrite Fate

・Space Manipulation・Multi-Layered Barrier

Regular Skills... 『Magic Perception』『Heat Perception』

『Uber Sense of Smell』『Demon Lord's Haki』

Battle Skills... 『Manifest Dragon Scale Armor』

『Flame Breath』『Thunder Breath』

Resistances: Pain Immunity, Abnormal Status Immunity,

Natural Elements Resistance,

Physical & Mental Attack Resistance, Hybrid Attack Resistance

Getting a massive boost in Energy levels, his physical abilities are incomparable to what he was before.

Through『Manifest Dragon Scale Armor』, his defenses are nothing to laugh at. But his attack power, is where he really shined.

Yet, he was unable to attain an Ultimate Skill of his own.

Well duh, if those were such easy freebies, that would be a really broken System.

But.... Pierrot Star, huh.

Just the name alone sounds a little pitiful.

Mishap Manipulation, seems to purposely cause unexpected phenomena for his opponent; Rewriting Fate is able to Cancel a "Bad happening" towards him once every day; this was a ridiculously hi-spec skill.

But hey, it's Gabil.

He probably won't be able to fully utilize it, if he could, that would mean he has the potential to obtain an Ultimate Skill.

I shall look forward to his growth.

Name: Gerudo

Species: High Orc

Divine Protection: Great Demon Lord's Blessing

Title: "Barrier Lord (King of Protection)" (will ask guro after i send the email)

Skills: Ultimate Gift

『Gourmet King Beelzebub[8]』

　　　　 ...Thought Acceleration・Devour・Stomach

・Isolate・Supply・Demand・Corrode

・Iron Wall・Grant Defense・Cover

・Space Manipulation・Multi-Layered Barrier

Regular Skills... 『Magic Perception』『Uber Sense of Smell』

『Demon Lord's Haki』『Ultra Regeneration』

Battle Skills... 『Foul Breath』『Full Body Armor』

『Telepathy Control』

Resistances: Pain Immunity, Abnormal Status Immunity,

Natural Elements Resistance, Physical & Mental Attack Resistance,

Hybrid Attack Resistance

Looks like he obtained a downgraded version of my『Gluttony King Beelzebuth』, it also has other additional stuff added in.

Although he is mainly defensive, his offensive power, via his corrosive type attacks, is high as well.

Gerudo also received guidance from Ciel-sensei. Well, most of the abilities were synthesized anyway, if it's Gerudo, he should be able to make proper use of the abilities.

Now that he has ascended, against opponents on the level of the Fallen Angels that recently attacked us, he won't be defeated in a one on one battle. If he focuses only on defending, it would be difficult for even two Fallen Angels to take him down.

He became ever more reliable, I shall continue to depend on him.

Now Kumara,

Name: Kumara

Species: Earth Spirit Beast (Upper tier Divine Monster Spirit)

Divine Protection: Great Demon Lord's Blessing

Title: "Chimera Lord (Ruler of Mythical Beasts)"

Magic: 〈Earth Spirit Magic〉

Skills: Ultimate Skill

『Mythical Beast Lord Bahamut』

　　　　... Thought Acceleration・Gravity Control

・Space Control・Multi-Layered Barrier

Regular Skills... 『Universal Perception』『Demon Lord's Haki』

『Demon Beast Minion』

Battle Skills... 『Law Manipulation (Earth)』

『Minion Fusion』

Resistances: Physical Attack Immunity, Abnormal Status Resistance,

Natural Elements Resistance, Mental Attack Resistance,

Hybrid Attack Resistance

It was well worth the time taken.

Gaining powers which would allow her to interfere with the planet itself, she has become a Half Spiritual Life Form of the Upper tier Earth Spirit type.

Also, she is able to use a combination of all of her minion's powers, making her a formidable powerhouse.

By themselves, there are 12 different types of minions, but with all of them combined, she would be able to contend with the higher ups(Diablo etc).

However that, would only be possible after she gained more experience.

Just looking at her specs alone, one can see how amazing her future prospects are.

Should I be surprised or is it just expected of a rare species, she attained an Ultimate Skill with just her instincts and wit.

Even though she had help from Ciel-sensei, it is impressive that she managed to attain one by herself.

The strongest existence in the Labyrinth, Zegion.

Name: Zegion

Species: Water Spirit Insect (Upper tier Divine Monster Spirit)

Divine Protection: Great Demon Lord's Blessing

Title: "Mist Lord (Illusory King)"

Magic: 〈Water Spirit Magic〉

Skills: Ultimate Skill

『Illusion Lord Mephisto』

　　　 　... Thought Acceleration・Space Time Control

・Multi-Layered Dimensional Barrier

・All of Creation・Mental Domination・Illusion World

Regular Skills... 『Universal Perception』『Demon Lord's Haki』

Battle Skills... 『Law Manipulation (Water)』『Domination Haki』

Resistances: Physical Attack Immunity, Abnormal Status Immunity,

Mental Attack Immunity, Natural Elements Immunity,

Hybrid Attack Resistance

Oops, seems I didn't notice until Ciel told me, but Zegion is also an Upper tier Spiritual Life Form now.

He is a splendid Water elemental Spiritual Life Form. So does that mean that his body is composed of condensed water molecules collected from the surrounding atmosphere?

Well, they do say Hihiirokane is an illusionary metal that has a lot of condensed Energy.

He is still using the Adamantite exoskeleton preciously, it seems.

If it wasn't something that I gave to him, he would probably have discarded it and became a fully fledged Spiritual Life Form.

For the CQC[9] specialized Zegion, he is plenty strong as is.

The human body is composed of 60% water.

As there is also moisture in the atmosphere, within certain limited spaces, Zegion holds a great advantage.

With Illusion World, he is able to create even more advantageous situations for himself.

So, of course he's strong.

What he has shown up till now, was but the tip of the iceberg.

Speaking of which, I guess it’s pretty underhanded of me, freely confirming the abilities of my followers.

Anyway, speaking of Mist, it was mist as in like fog. Sounds strange.

Though it was granted with relevance to how "Illusionary" he was, it also matched his element. Raphael, no, if Ciel-sensei had noticed, it would have been nice if she could have notified me.

Maybe, she thought I had noticed and gave him that title.

Speaking of which, what about Adalman?

Name: Adalman

Species: Death Spirit (Middle tier Spirit Monster)

Divine Protection: Great Demon Lord's Blessing

Title: "Gehenna Lord”

Magic: 〈Undead Magic〉〈Holy Magic〉

Skills: Ultimate Gift

『Book of Magic Necronomicon』

　　　 　... Thought Acceleration・Chant Annulment・Seeker of Truth

・Total Analysis・All of Creation・Mental Destruction

Regular Skills...『Universal Perception』『Demon Lord's Haki』

Battle Skills...『Holy-Demonic Reversal』

『Manipulation of the Dead』『Instant Death』

Resistances: Physical Attack Immunity, Mental Attack Immunity,

Abnormal Status Immunity, Natural Elements Resistance,

Hybrid Attack Resistance

So he ascended in that direction.

The one who is the most "Demon Lord-ish", from appearance and skills, is probably Adalman.

Though he isn't suited for CQC, with『Instant Death』, he can kill his target just by looking.

Failure to resist, means instant death. Against armies, he is my most efficient follower.

Well, he himself is more of a researcher. With his best buddy Gadra-roushi, they happily do research on magic together.

Oh right, Gadra-roushi also obtained Ultimate Gift『Book of Magic Grimoire』.

The two of them are kinda maniacs on that topic, in time, they will probably unearth all the knowledge related to the field.

His adjutant and colleague, Albert, has now fully integrated himself under Adalman.

Because of that, as a special effect, he obtained an Ultimate Gift too.

What he obtained was, Ultimate Gift『The Undying Immortal』... (Thought Acceleration・Total Rebirth・Minion's Fealty).

With his soul being a part of Adalman, his physical body can never be destroyed. Well, if Adalman dies, they would end up dying together though…...

Adalman’s already dead though.

As he can now fully utilize the Gods Level equipment, it's possible that Albert can fight on par with Dino.

Dino still seems to have some tricks up his sleeves, so this isn't a good comparison, but we'll leave it at that.

Then, there's Diablo

Name: Diablo

Species: Demon God (Highest tier Demonic Spirit)

Divine Protection: Great Demon Lord's Blessing

Title: "Demon Lord (Majin King)" (TN: the katakana *IS* demon lord, no way around this; there's also 魔神王 (majin ou), so yea…)

Magic: 〈Dark Magic〉, etc

Skills: Ultimate Skill

『Temptation King Azazel』

　　　　 ... Thought Acceleration・Space Time Control

・Multi-Dimensional Barrier・All of Creation

・Penalty Domination・Temptation World

Regular Skills...『Universal Perception』『Demon Lord's Haki』

Battle Skills...『Phenomenon Control』『Charm Domination』

Resistances: Physical Attack Immunity, Abnormal Status Immunity,

Mental Attack Immunity, Natural Elements Immunity,

Hybrid Attack Resistance

Well, no matter how you look at this, the strongest among my followers, is Diablo.

He wields amazing powers, which rival even my『Gluttony King Beelzebuth』.

He has massive amounts of Energy, highly "leveled", and high quality abilities.

He is a very well rounded, capable Demon.

Being a kind of a Battle Maniac is his only "flaw", but he can just have mock battles with Zegion to satiate that inclination.

It'd definitely be an interesting battle. Also, Benimaru too (as a mock battle partner).

"Killer Lord" Testarossa ―― Ultimate Skill『Hell King Belial』――

"Pain Lord" Ultima ―― Ultimate Skill『Poison King Samael』――

"Menace Lord" Carrera ―― Ultimate Skill『Extinction King Abaddon』――

These 3 manifested their abilities during the battle with the Empire, furthermore mastered them.

If my guess is correct, they expended their stock of experience that was saved up through their long lives, and strengthened themselves in one go.

Having levels and Energy of the highest grade, if they fully utilize these abilities, most enemies won’t stand a chance.

As followers under my direct command, they are a force of the utmost might.

Ah right, Veldora-san too.

Name: Veldora・Tempest

Species: True Dragon (Highest tier Divine Monster Spirit)

Divine Blessing: Storm's Blessing

Title: "Storm Dragon"

Magic: 〈True Dragon species Magic〉

Skills: Ultimate Skill

『Chaos Lord Nyarlathotep』

　　　 　... Thought Acceleration・Appraisal

・All of Creation・Probability Manipulation

・Parallel Existence・Seeker of Truth

・Space Time Control・Multi-Dimensional Barrier

Regular Skills...『Universal Perception』『Domination Haki』

『Human Form』

Resistances: Physical Attack Immunity, Natural Elements Immunity,

Abnormal Status Immunity, Mental Attack Immunity,

Hybrid Attack Resistance

His abilities really evolved.

Parallel Existence, kind of feels the most cheat-like.

Leaving his heart(nucleic core) within my body, and creating a clone using Energy. That is now possible......

To think his training in the labyrinth, would show itself in this fashion.

Back on topic, as his clones are created using my Energy, creating 2 seems to be the limit.

If he really pushes it, I think a maximum of 4 could be created, but Velgrynd would need to be called back in, and I'd run out of usable Energy.

So, up to 2 clones is the normal limit. More like, that's enough isn't it?

He was boasting he could create even more if he dropped the specs of the clones, and I told him, just do what you want.

He's probably gonna come crying when he notices how much it weakens him, but since his main body would be inside of me anyway, Veldora-san would be safe and sound.

It's a waste of Energy, so I really hope he'd not overdo it though.

With that, the ascensions had come to an end, and Krishna had also finally arrived.

After completing the handover process, we made our return to Tempest.

* * *

[1] Btw this 虚無崩壊 which mean literally Nothingness Collapse, a too chuni ability. Any suggestion is welcome.



[2] (TN: he had protection from Veldora while giving protection to his followers)

[3] (TN: this meant that Rimuru needs to have manifested the original first before he can make the pseudo ones)

[4]上位聖魔霊 Joui Hijiri Ma Rei = High-ranking Holy/Sacred Demonic/Monster Spirit

Seriously I hate 聖魔, It can be translated as Holy Demonic, which mean both attribute combined.

[5] (TN: Benimaru sure worked fast lol)(EN: Wait...does that mean they can’t do the doobie do no more?)

[6] (TN: so who's gonna be his partner? lol)(Guro: I vote for Souka(>ω<)ﾉ)

[7] This is either a harassment from the Author or not XD. Other alternatives for it is Drac. But most likely Author mean Drag.

[8] This is the reason why Sushi opted Beelzebuth for Rimuru. The katakana for Rimuru’s skill was using ベルゼビュート (Beruzebyuuto) Beelzebuth while the katakana for Gerudo’s skill was using ベルゼバブ (Beruzebabu) Beelzebub (remember that series with the baby? The series use this katakana). Either refer to the same entity.

[9] (EN: Close Quarters Combat)





Chapter 192: Walpurgis


The series of disturbances, that began during the process of getting Veldora back, has finally ended.

The ability integration has also ended, so I’m filled to the brim with cheerfulness.

That doesn’t mean that I will be immersing myself in those pleasant feelings either.

The grand feeling of wanting to play in the labyrinth is my real desire, however, I need to settle the next problem at hand, first.

I have to prepare for the game with Angra Mainyu that will begin a few weeks from now.

I want to build a collaborating relationship between the Demon Lords.

To start with, I think that I should hold a Walpurgis.

The invitations to each party have already been made.

When I contacted Ruminas, although she had complained with a fierce tone, I think she will probably participate.

Anyways, I also contacted Guy and sent the invitation for the Walpurgis.

I can quite easily gather the approval of three Demon Lords now.

Also, Ramiris woke up,

「That Dino, I will utterly pulverize him!」

She was passionately angry. However, since she was energetic as soon as she was safe it was kind of amusing.

Earning approval from such a child is easy.

「Oh well, eat this and cheer up. Ah, that’s right. Could you give your approval for this?」

「Ah! This is pudding right! I can eat all of it!? Then anything is OK!」

Well, I easily got her to affix her magic seal[1] whilst her eyes had been snatched away by the pudding.

It is very easy to deal with her, it saved me some trouble.

I got the approval from Ruminas, who had flown into a rage after she found out that the preparations she had made against the Empire’s army was in vain because of Veldora.

By the way, I had also informed Leon and he willingly gave his approval.

Because Milim has not been allowed to play these days, her dissatisfaction seems to have piled up,

「Then, how about you come here to play under the pretense of attending the conference?」

She admired this idea of mine.

「As expected of you! Rimuru is as wonderfully wise as always!」

She was excited with the condition and seems to have immediately gone to persuade Frey.

Because I could receive her approval with ease, let’s prepare pudding, which is popular with Ramiris as well, when she comes to Tempest to play.

And so, just like that, I had gathered the approval of 5 Demon Lords’ (including myself).

While I was doing skill synthesis in the Empire, the talk had finished quickly because I had made a few preliminary arrangements.

Aside from sharing the information, there is a need to prepare for the Great War that is about to occur.

As such, holding the Walpurgis as soon as possible is the preferred outcome.

Five days have passed and I returned to Tempest, the next day being the Walpurgis.

Because Krishna had arrived on schedule, I can hold the Walpurgis without a problem.

With Dino’s betrayal, the Octogram has become seven now.

However, all the members, besides Ramiris, are awakened Demon Lord class, which has never been seen until now.

All of their level are too high, which contrarily makes it so that the word “awakened” has lost its value.

Oh well, it might be a good thing.

At any rate, preparations are everything.

Milim seems to be arriving in the morning, so we prepared for her reception.

After the Walpurgis is over, she will be staying here for three additional days.

Because I am expecting to be occupied with the preparations, I’m doubtful about whether I will have any time to play hooky, but just a little should be alright.

She seems to be looking forward to being with Veldora and Ramiris, it might be a good idea to request the others to overlook it.

Then, a question suddenly arose.

Thinking about it, Milim has always traveled by flying.

Though, since Frey is also coming here by flying it hadn’t become a question before, but I don’t think I’ve ever seen Milim visit via warp gate.

Perhaps, she can’t use transfer (teleportation)?

Oh well, since she is absurdly fast, with Frey’s maximum speed, the one-way trip distance can be covered in about five hours.

To be at subsonic speeds for five hours, the distance is quite far. I think that my sense of distance has become a bit odd.

No, in the case of my current senses, I guess it’s might be suitable… how complicated.

I think it’s my sense from when I was a human, though it can’t be helped. Besides, it might be normal for my subordinates.

I will ask Milim whether she is able to use teleportation or not when she arrives.

If she can’t, then first I should install a magic formation for teleportation and let her use it anytime.

Oh well, if Milim flies with all her might, she can arrive here without taking more than 30 minutes.

Well then.

Milim arrived without any problems and went over to the Walpurgis’ meeting place.

As we were waiting and relaxing by ourselves whilst enjoying a chat in the room, like the last time, Mizari and Hirari came to pick us up.

『Demon Lord Rimuru-sama, for employing the “Secret Method of Evolution” on us, thank you very much!』

Apparently, they completed their evolution and that’s why they had thanked me.

Though they were both bowing their heads, it really was not such a big deal. However, they might think it is because only I can use it.

「N? “Secret Method of Evolution”, what’s that?」

Milim seemed to be interested in the topic, however, I deceived her with cake.

Because Milim has a child-like personality, similar to Ramiris, it’s easy.

After I deceived Milim, we passed through the gate, created by Mizari, entering into the meeting hall.

My attendants are Shion and Diablo.

Milim has Frey as her chaperon.

Ramiris is sitting on Beretta’s shoulder.

At this timing, I take a look at Beretta’s abilities,

Name: Beretta

Race: Chaos Metalloid (High Rank Divine Monster Spirit)

Divine Protection: Divine Protection of the Labyrinth.

Title: Ramiris’s Guardian

Magic:〈Darkness Magic〉

Skills: Ultimate Gift

　　　『Machine Doll Lord Deus Ex Machina』

　　　　　…Thought Acceleration・Condition Control・Mineral Manipulation

　　　　　　Space Manipulation・Multiple Barrier



Normal Skills…『Omnipotent Perception』『Demon Lord’s Haki』

Combat Skills…『Law Manipulation（Earth）』『Holy Demonic Fusion』

Resistance: Physical Attack Nullification, Status Change Nullification,

Spiritual Attack Nullification, Natural Effects Nullification,

Holy-Demonic(Hybrid) Attack Resistance

Those were the results.

My oh my. He seems to be able to create minerals freely. It goes without saying though, raw materials are still needed.

An ability to manipulate elements, something like that, I guess?

Next would be his Condition Control, it is simply intriguing. The state of the mineral――no, let’s stop calling it with such troublesome wording.

Simply put, it is an ability that makes it so that he can freely manipulate metal.

He can act like a certain guy with tough liquid metal who appeared in a movie[2], such a thing could be possible.

His regular form is like that of a high-class work of art, with globe joints, kind of like a doll. However, he can freely manipulate Adamantite, so of course, he can change his figure as he pleases and bring out weapons of various shapes. Also, he seems to be able to absorb objects, like a slime, if he comes into contact with them.

He has evolved into a terrifying metal life form that is similar to a Spiritual Life form.

The doll I had made on a whim for a demon i summoned has achieved a surprising evolution.

The seven of us entered the hall, led by the guide.

Alrighty then.

Because I have business with Guy, first, I urge Milim and the others to sit down on their seats.

They seem to want to ask me a question, but they obeyed nonetheless, which helped greatly. Maybe because I said there will be cake later.

I left behind Milim and Ramiris, having Mizari lead me to Guy.

Actually, Chloe had come to meet me last night.

We were relaxing and sitting in the parlor while having a talk about the current situation.

Because I don’t need sleep, in the end we had a long conversation till the break of dawn.

I was able to slowly hear her story, of her leaping into the past, as well as about Hinata’s soul after she had parted with me.

「Sensei――have I become strong?」

‘Ah, you have became strong.’

Yes, Chloe is shouldering a hardship that can’t easily be described with words.

As she appreciates my consolation and words, it would be rude if I thoughtlessly said that.

Therefore,

「Hah! You are still weak. Still not good, not good at all.

Such a thing, as showing your weaknesses to a Demon Lord, is out of the question if you are a “Hero”.

Well, I admit that you have done your best.

――Therefore, endure a bit longer.」

I said as such, it was irritating that I had no choice but to put on airs to deceive her.

Chloe seemed to be happy, to be relieved, I saw her making such expressions.

Afterwards, I had a match with Chloe.

I checked out the ability of the strongest “Hero” to ascertain whether she could face Guy or not.

Two practice swords were prepared, we decided to use them.

「Sensei, you became taller right? Somehow, your vibes resemble Shizu-sensei」

While saying those words, Chloe received the practice sword.

Do I resemble her? Because she was the origin of my human form, I might have inherited her vibes as well.

There was no referee. It was a test of strength to the end.

I threw a coin into the air, and when it hit the ground, it would signal for the start of the match.

As we faced each other calmly, I lightly threw the coin.

The coin drew a parabola curve while rotating. It revolved in the air before falling. The coin gave a clear ‘ting’ as it hit the ground.

Chloe and I moved at the same time.

Opposing Chloe’s Ultimate Skill『Space-Time Lord Yogg-Sothoth』was my Ultimate Skill『Void God Azathoth』.

The match was in a stalemate, during which, I read a momentary gap in Chloe’s defense with『Future Prediction』.

As I was going to swing my practice sword aiming for that, I noticed that I had become the side receiving an attack..

A blade approached right in front of my eyes.

「Ehehe. It’s my win right!?」

Is this for real!?

I was dumbfounded when I heard Chloe’s voice.

This is far from checking whether she can face Guy or not, it had become an easy defeat for me.

《Master, the ability of Time Control has been unleashed》

I use my ability as I was being led to by the voice.

Though I didn’t know what it was, I felt like I could manage, somehow, if I used it.

The world stopped when I used the ability.

I understood that the world had stop moving, like it was suspended, because my cognition had been enhanced by 1 million times.

Not just my cognition but also my movement, to the point I can move at the speed of 1 million times normal speed. In other words, by controlling the flow of time, it is possible to accelerate myself.

It is a superpower[3] that is different from super acceleration[4], in principle. Due to the backlash of this ability, I can’t cause any physical effects at all.

Being able to move under the rules of this ability was only me――no, there’s one other person who can.

That person is Chloe.

(Awawa. As expected of Rimuru-sensei! You can exist[5] in this “Suspended World”.)

(Skip it! Something like this, for a Demon Lord like me, such a thing is easy, you know!)

Although I hadn’t intended to show off, I answered like that.

I mustn’t display weakness to my student, even if she was just my student for a few months.

If compared to the months and years that Chloe has lived, it would just be a few trifling months.

――No. For me, those few months (daily lives) were a treasure surpassing everything else――

Was it an auditory hallucination?

It felt like I heard something.

My match with Chloe ended in a draw.

Chloe’s swordsmanship, that has reached the peak, is formidable indeed. I believe that, if compared with my subordinates, her skill is beyond Albert and Agera.

There will be no threats to her when she combines her swordsmanship and her time stopping ability.

The use of emission type power is impossible inside the “Suspended World”, so magic can’t be invoked. Well, I might be able to do it if I become accustomed to it, but it seems to be very difficult.

Also,『Future Prediction』 cannot be used due to the activation of “Suspended World”. I could only depend on pure technique and physical ability. Although, an ability that activates through touch seems to be usable.

So, if someone who is a master swordsman, like Chloe, did have such an ability, they could easily become the strongest.

Oh well, I don’t think there are many people who can move inside the “Suspended World” anyway.

Diablo, Benimaru and Zegion, only these three among my subordinates, seem likely to become able to do it.

Naturally, it is impossible for them to do under the current conditions. With some kind of chance, it is on the scale of one to ten thousand. Even though they could receive this ability as a gift, they wouldn’t be able to use it.

Chloe’s purpose might be, to let me experience “Suspended World” and see whether I could acquire it or not.

I thought all of a sudden.

If that is so, did I meet Chloe’s expectation?

Because I promised that I would, in one way or another, defeat Yuuki and free Chloe, so she doesn’t need to worry.

Defeat is not allowed. I should show it with my results.

After the match, we conversed for a little longer.

Chloe seems to have seen when Dino’s colleagues had attacked the town and had wanted to help. However, there was no need for Chloe’s help, as she told me that my followers are strong.

I’m a bit embarrassed, but I’m glad that my subordinates were praised.

We talked about such topics for a while, and in the end Chloe said this,

「Sensei. When the Great War begins, I will challenge Demon Lord Guy Crimson for a match.

The order given to me is to stop Guy.

So, if Demon Lord Guy Crimson doesn’t participate in the Great War, there will be no need to fight an unnecessary battle.

If it’s possible, with Sensei’s persuasion, please somehow stop Guy.

As I will be looking for the way to remove the curse, somehow――」

「Ok. Guy is unexpectedly a reasonable guy, I will talk to him and try to get his consent.

You seem to get along with Leon, you should ask for his help as well.」

「Okay! I’m going to go meet Leon Onii-chan then.」

「Oh. Then, take care~」

As I say so, I pat Chloe’s head.

「Ehehe」

Chloe laughed and smiled happily, then she lifted her head after she bowed to me.

Her expression was dignified and tense, there was none of the childishness that she had shown but a moment ago.

「Well then, Sensei….. May fortune be with you in war!」

Leaving those words behind, Chloe left.

………

……

…

I met Guy,

「That’s why, just a bit more, until Chloe’s release!」

And I emphasized that.

What kind of reaction will i get from Guy? I wonder.

However, I am not concerned.

Chloe’s release is the most important thing to me, Guy’s circumstances don’t matter to me.

Chloe is extremely strong, but Guy is just as strong. Honestly, no one can imagine what is going to happen if those two fight each other.

After all, both of them seem to have concealed their true strength.

「You also, so suddenly…… However, I understand the story.

If it’s the “Hero”, there is no lack for an opponent.

Moreover, she is the strongest among the awakened Heroes who's been called names like “The Nameless Hero” and “Jet Black Hero”.

However, she is the person Leon was searching for as well as Ruminas’ loved one, what a small world right?…..

Oh well. I will at least accompany her in this farce. She is an adequate opponent.

If it is such a situation, it is a foolish action to be exhausted at this point.」

Unexpectedly, Guy agreed to it easily.

He seems to feel a bit indebted to me since I awakened his subordinates last time.

No….. he might just be looking forward to his fight with Chloe.

Although, I don’t think that there will be any problem for Chloe’s safety, as I got both of their consent to not use all of their power and keep it down to the degree of a skirmish….. I am still a little worried.

Guy is a battle maniac as well, it would be good if it doesn’t become a serious and fired up battle.

Such matters, I will let nature take its course.

However, I am glad that I have a good relationship with Guy.

Because it used to be common sense that fellow Demon Lords don’t get along, Yuuki hasn’t seemed to notice that we are making connections in the back.

If he knew, the order he gave to Chloe would be different.

Oh well, although Dino knows it, to some degree, I’m sure he didn’t hear the whole story of when Guy came here.

He has leaked something along the lines of Milim coming to play.

About Ruminas coming to the research facility, so he might have figured out the cooperation between me and Ruminas.

However, as I refrained from contacting Leon, I don’t think that Dino noticed our alliance.

Dino is not a hard worker, because of that, he is trustworthy in the things that he doesn’t know.

Thinking that I and Guy are not close, I believe that his objective will be to strike down both Guy and Chloe.

No, if I think about it, in contrast to Yuuki, either result might be good for Angra Mainyu.

If his aim is to take them down together, he would order Chloe to fight to the death, instead the instruction is only to keep Guy busy, his main purpose might be to make a situation where Guy can’t participate in the war?

《I believe his main purpose is to decrease the degree of his ruling influence.

If he strengthens his control over Chloe, it will become impossible for him to let out all of his ability.

You can think of it as this; by giving a loose order to Chloe, the ruling influence will be lost.

The current Angra Mainyu (Yuuki) is in the condition to use 100% of his power.

And there’s another.

While the purpose of Yuuki and Angra Mainyuu are the same, the methods they use are completely different.》

I see.

In other words, he judged that it is more strategic and meaningful to use Chloe loosely, so that he can fight with all of his power.

Certainly, when using the strongest yet complicated force, it can’t be helped that he would try to keep it close at hand.

It’s about how to use that fighting potential.

If it was Yuuki, he would not be able to effectively utilize it. But Angra Mainyu would make sure to use everything.

――It looks like it’s going to be tough.

He is pretentious, like Yuuki, the type that doesn’t take detours.

For his goal, he will make the optimal operation. Such an opponent is very troublesome.

I must brace myself so that I can handle it carefully.

Having finished my negotiations with Guy, we returned to the meeting hall.

All of the members are already present at the round table except for me and Guy.

No, wait, Dino isn’t here. In a sense, he’d be a big shot if he did come.

The meeting began the instant Guy sat down in his seat.

First of all, a status report from me. I distributed the document which I had made, and showed them the analysis of the war with the empire.

At the same time, I declared that the Empire’s territory has become my territory, for which I received each of the other Demon Lords’ approval.

Usually, interruptions will come at this point and it would become a quarrel, which was the common pattern.

However, for this time, no one objected and so I got the territory with a one-sided game (one-sided landslide victory).

I’m not in a situation where I’m weak and could be beaten.

Rather I got a lot stronger and haven’t weakened whatsoever.

Anyway, I believe that there isn’t anyone who would complain against me among the current Demon Lords.

They didn’t oppose my interest as there is no merit in being hostile against me.

And so, the war report was finished and we moved into the explanation of the current flow of the situation.

After I finished a general explanation,

「Did Dino betray us?……」

Dagruel murmured in a small voice.

Guy was not surprised as he seems to have had some presumption on it. But one might need to think from Dagruel’s perceptive, as he was close to Dino.

「Rather than betraying us, it seems he was on the other side from the beginning.

I mean, I get the feeling that he would be close to a guy with a laid back personality, like Yuuki.」

With my nonchalant words, Dagruel and Guy stopped moving.

「That’s right. That guy (Dino), what’s he so frolic about, he came to kill me, you see!

He said some reason that I didn’t understand, like how I became an obstacle for that person or something, it seemed to be an old acquaintance of his.」

Ramiris supplemented my words, and it seems to be the clincher.

「No way.」

Guy mutters,

「It’s impossible. But maybe……」

Dagruel was thinking about something with a difficult face.

It seems something is bothering him.

After that, the meeting progressed without a hitch.

Guy stays put, as he promised me.

However, he entrusted everything to his subordinate Mizari, preparing so that she can deal with anything that may happen.

Hirari will devoted herself as Guy’s personal bodyguard, to provide for any contingency. Because the prideful Guy would never arrange it, it is probably her own decision.

By evolving, Mizari and Hirari have likely begun to moved by their own free will to a greater extent.

Ruminas will be maintaining the status quo.

As she had prepared armaments in preparation for the Empire’s invasion and was ready to go to the war, I asked her to maintain her current state.

We should be cautious, since it is uncertain when the army of angels will strike.

Since Angra Mainyu’s purpose is world annihilation, he will not hesitate to invade the western countries.

Both Leon and Dagruel each possess their own army.

In the case of Milim, Karion is in the middle of organizing the newly created army.

Of course, as is appropriate for the name of Demon Lord, the army didn’t seem to miss any combat training even during peacetime.

It is the proper duty for a Demon Lord to protect their domain.

So they will defend their own territory. Because humans can’t live in the territory ruled by Guy, it has nothing to do with the current situation, so his land is unrelated.

Certainly, there shouldn’t be any problems even if I didn’t move.

However, Guy’s subordinates will actually be the defense of the western countries as a reserve force under Mizari’s command.

Having misread the relations between us, Angra Mainyu’s calculation would go amiss. It could be said that this is thanks to Dino, with his irresponsible investigation.

With that, I don’t think the situation is bad.

Next, it would be great if the enemy forces doesn’t become more powerful than our expectations......

Oh well, making preparations for such a situation is the main reason of today’s conference.

We adjusted our plans so that we can smoothly perform a mutual cooperative system and made some detailed arrangements.

The conference was finished just like that, without any problem.

Each of us were preparing for the decisive battle with the angel army and we will immediately contact each other in case of an emergency.

If it is possible, we arranged an agreement to help when we can, and it had become a significant matter.

In case of emergency, it seems I needed to visit Milim’s country and Dagruel’s country.

I installed the magic formations for teleportation, I want to make sure I can come and go.

In the end, after the conference, I had Mizari take me to various places and recorded the location information.

At that time, I confirmed that Milim and Dagruel are unable to use teleportation. Of course, Ramiris too.

「Well, I’m no good at such things.」

「Me too, I hate doing such troublesome and detailed calculations.

Rather, it’s alright if I can fly!」

Certainly, the magic of the teleportation series can only jump to the point of a predestined location.

If there is the image of the present location and the destination it is possible for the Spatial Transfer (Teleport) series, but there’s still a need to calculate the correlation of the positional information correctly.

It seems to be easy, but it’s an unexpectedly difficult skill.

As for Milim, she is someone who acts instinctively with her inborn intuition, however, she seems to be weak at deliberate calculation.

Dagruel is obviously a muscle brain. As for Ramiris, oh well you know.

It might be considerably useful to construct facilities for teleportation usage.

Using this opportunity, I got the approval for my plan to install the teleportation magic formations at their places.

At the parting,

「I entrust Chloe to you」

I was reminded as such by Leon.

Not saying anything, I nod to say “leave it to me”.

Leon seems to have understood, he returned a nod and left.

As usual, it’s a secret that I thought he’s a pompous, attractive man.

Thus, receiving the information beforehand, though the preparation period is short, there was approximately 3-4 weeks of time.

The Demon Lords return to their territories and began to prepare for the Great War.

* * *

[1] A Custom popular in Ancient World and in modern East Asia Countries, where instead of a hand signature, people gave their seal to mark documents.

[2] *dum*dum*dum*dum*dum* Insert Terminator theme*

[3] 超能力 Chounouryoku, super power or the more used term for it are ESP, supernatural power.

[4] Like flash step and the like. Those accelerate the speed of the user, while Rimuru's (Chloe's) ability is stoping the time.

[5] Also can be interpreted as move, enter.





Chapter 193: To Each Preparations


Through Walpurgis, I have safely secured the aid of the other Demon Lords.

Well, it's not like the Demon Lords won't be affected by the crisis.

So, to properly state, I have safely given spoken warnings about the upcoming great war; Yes, that would be the better way of putting it.

There’s little time left until the game begins.

The other Demon Lords frantically began their preparations.

I too, gave many orders to Gerudo for our preparations.

The revived empire army's reorganization was complete, 300 thousand would defend their capital while the remaining 400 thousand are being integrated into their respective positions.

After confirming our communications with the high orc villages, a massive industrial construction force was formed.

Next was a force made to communicate with all the differing villages in the Great Jura Forest.

The force will be responsible for overall circulation of goods, which was a gigantic trade hub.

With Gerudo in command, each force was given their objectives and they moved out respectively. Even if we set the rails right away, the train itself won't be completed for a while. So, what should be done now, is clearing out the relevant sections of the forest and laying down roads instead. The trees we would chop down end up as lumber anyway, which would then get transported to the other planned construction sites.

A massive project which would normally take many years to complete, was now started up.

The Great Jura Forest, was instantly filled with life.

Among all that work, the number one priority was setting up Transit Gates.

I prioritized the production and setup of such Transit Gates so I’m able to dispatch the entire troops of soldiers during emergencies,.

The longer the distance, the smaller the amount of mass could be transported. I had plans for the foreseeable future to let those who couldn't hand the usage of magic power use the gates, this would be done with magic stones to store up magic essence.

But, in terms of preparations for the coming Great War, such precision wasn't required yet. In preparation for the future, of course the gates would need to be reusable, but perfection was second fiddle for the moment.

Setting up the relevant location information would be enough to travel to a destination. Usage of the gate depletes some of user's magic essence, but that's obviously normal. Even if someone was to travel an excessively long distance, death by over usage of magic essence wasn't a thing so no fatalities there.

Regular soldiers won't be travelling around anyway, only the elites would need to travel around.

With this design focus, although it looks quite plain, one gate was set up in each major city.

Thus, with the help of the empire's veteran magicians, a strict order was given to get the gate in cities governed by the Demon Lords at least up to working standards.

Though I feel bad for Gerudo as there was much rushed work, having mutual help during emergencies was beneficial, so the gates were absolutely key.

Gerudo himself was elated simply by getting orders from me, he didn't look the least bit unhappy.

More like, he was working happily and with great zeal.

About 100 individuals directly under Gerudo had their Stomachs expanded, so there were few problems transporting materials; They worked at a pace which would make modern technologies pale in comparison.

If it was possible to observe the Great Jura Forest via satellite imaging, you would see visible changes daily. With that thought, I saved images of the progress in a Recording Orb, from a bird's POV. This would be useful for future use as research materials.

The current Status quo proved Gerudo to be a great asset.

Adalman and Gadra-roushi were helping out with Gerudo. As the two of them are specialists in the field of magic, setting up the magic formations was moving along efficiently.

At the pace they are going, it looks like we'll make it in time to set up the gates in major cities.

One point of worry though, was that Adalman was an undead and his appearance was that of a skeleton, was it ok for him to casually work outside?

Of course it looks like he's using Illusions to cover up his appearance, but is that really ok? Well, it won't help if I worry. As they are working just dandy, there shouldn't be any problems.

And so, construction efforts continued for our current crisis.

The other officers, were familiarizing themselves with their subordinates' abilities, and reorganizing their forces.

The demons were mostly standing by around me, elegant and relaxed. But, their minions were thrown into the labyrinth, to let them get combat training.

I felt their way of using the labyrinth was kinda weird, but I decided not to think too much about it.

It all started when Diablo threw Venom into the labyrinth.....

Then the other demons also started doing it. Venom was currently getting his ass handed to him by Zegion's follower, Apito.

Seems like Apito is usually the one dishing out the pain. As expected of one of the Labyrinth's Top Ten.

Well, Albert let him slip past, so he ended up reaching Apito's floor. Albert was enjoying his bout with Agera.

Agera was, despite being low on the nobility hierarchy, noticeably stronger than others of her level. Her ability to handle a blade was on an amazingly high level.

Add Hakurou into the mix, and you get an exhibit of blademasters.

Those who have interest in the way of the blade all train at that level, it has become common knowledge for all who make use of the labyrinth as training grounds.

Even I was thinking of secretly making use of it.

Back to the original topic, it seems as though the idea of holding back or letting someone win don't exist for Apito.

Frankly, she's so thorough it's scary. I could only hope the demons there work their hardest.

By the way, Apito's status look like this.

Name: Apito

Species: Insect Model Devil

Divine Protection: Great Demon Lord's Blessing

Title: "Insect Queen"

Ability: Ultimate Gift

　　　『Queen of Worship Valkyrie』

Thought Acceleration・Demon Insect Birthing・Demon Insect Domination・

Ultra Speed Movement・Space Control・Multi-Layered Barrier

　　　Regular Skills...『Magic Perception』『Heat Perception』

　　　Combat Skills...『Swarm Command』『Lethal Attack』

Resistances: Pain Immunity, Physical Attack Resistance, Natural Elements Resistance, Abnormal Status Resistance, Mental Attack Resistance

This looks impossible to defeat for normal adventurers.

A powerhouse who can easily defeat the old school demon lords, such is Apito.

Benimaru, saying he wanted to re-evaluate his abilities, had a room made for him in the labyrinth, and seems to be sparring with Souei.

It won't be a surprise if he's undergoing enhanced intensive training, under Ciel-sensei's guidance.

Ranga looks to be working well with Gobuta. Ranga was wagging his tail, and seems to be very happy, but, is this just my imagination, or does Gobuta looks real worn out every day?

Nope, must be my imagination. I shall believe they are getting along well, and warmly watch over them.

Gobuta, may you find happiness!

Gabil was focusing on training his High Speed Flight and High Speed Movement abilities with his fellow Wyverns.

The teamwork among them has improved, plus he can now supply magic essence to them to give them a power up too.

Soon, they will show unity on a whole other level.

Now this is surprising, for the frivolous one to be so cautious. But I'll give him credit, for thinking of ways to counteract all the scenarios he could think of, and putting all of that into their training.

As our enemies are the Angels, battles in the air will definitely happen. I shall look forward to the results of Gabil's hard work.

Kumara has pushed her way into Zegion's place, and is challenging him.

Although she defends the 90th floor, her being inferior to Zegion who guards the 80th floor has her somewhat triggered.

Sadly, she isn't holding up well.

Besides that Zegion is, frankly, something more of a guardian overseer[1].

Leaving the 80th floor to Apito, his position is now to oversee the entire labyrinth.

When the great war begins, there will be a need to defend Ramiris, as the strongest piece, she should be in the most important part of the labyrinth.

With Beretta as Ramiris' adjutant, there's no worries about administration.

What's left is would be who to put in charge of the labyrinth's defenders.

There is Zegion as the guardian overseer, and Beretta as Ramiris' personal guard.

Among the 12 Guardian Lords, having multiple of them on the same floor is kind of a waste.

But well, our true "Citadel" is the labyrinth. So, being able to react to all situations flexibly is a good thing.

In light of the coming battle, all the other residents are making their own preparations.

That was what it looked like for those preparing. Me? If you were to ask what I was doing at this time.....

I was going through trial and error for some stuff.

I also accepted guidance on swordsmanship from Agera at the 70th floor.

Albert's sword techniques, make use of "hacking" attacks, with a sword and shield as his main focus.

In comparison, Hakurou and Agera are Blade users, with their focus on using a Katana. Forgoing a shield, and balancing offense and defense with just a Katana in hand. The logic was fundamentally different, when compared to what was used in martial schooling.

As my weapon of choice was a Katana, though i kinda feel bad for Albert, he isn't suitable to be my Teacher.

Taking sword strikes, and having my attacks parried, I learned the techniques with my body.

There was no other way than repetition for this. With the optimal movement, getting my body to react reflexively, I forcefully learned all of the known forms.

Sounds easy, but is bat shit crazy hard. Although, I actually enjoyed the training.

After that, while resting my body, I contemplated about『Void God Azathoth』.

This ability has it's risky parts. In my mock battle with Chloe earlier, only the activation of "Suspended World" was used.

For abilities that controlled time, it affects every being regardless of who activates the ability. If a being had the capability to move while "Suspended World" was active, that being would be able to react even if it didn't activate the ability itself.

In other words, if two beings that are able to move while time is stopped are battling, activating such an ability is kinda pointless.

Since both can move, it didn't matter if you stop time or not, the situation won't change. Now, according to Ciel's analysis, Chloe can only stop time for some seconds at most. But, there's a high chance she has an ability similar to future sight.

After experiencing an "Event" once, she can turn the clock back to any moment before said "Event", did I understand that correctly? I find it hard to understand this type of ability.

If she used this ability, I wouldn't have any way to counter it. If she uses it, that is. It's not like I intend to defeat Chloe, but the requirements to activate this ability, is "Flowing Time". Which means, if I wanted to block that ability, all I had to do was to stop time.

As long as "Suspended World" is active, Chloe's ability's requirement of "Flowing Time" is not met.

Also, though Chloe can only stop time for some seconds, I can stop time for quite a long duration; A total of roughly 30 minutes in one day.

This part I totally couldn't understand, but according to Ciel, even when within "Suspended World", activating other abilities is possible.

By incorporating the energy that is released within the law of suspension, it's possible to make said energy unrestricted by time halting effects.

Of course, none of that is possible without Ciel's support. Because it's impossible to recognize what flowing time "looks" like.

Which means, to me who wields this ability, it can be said with absolute confidence that other beings which are unable to "exist" within "Suspended World" will not be able to defeat me.

Up to this point, all the information and predictions that have been obtained are from the mock battle with Chloe and testing, after which I and had the information compiled. And now, I'm thinking about another matter.

Why Ciel didn't interfere in my mock battle with Chloe. Most likely, it was because she was incapable of holding back.

To explain what that meant, I would need to talk about『Void God Azathoth』, which was in essence an overwhelmingly condensed cluster of Energy.

"Turn Null" generated Energy of absolute destruction.

Channeling this Energy was exceptionally difficult even for Ciel-sensei.

This ability, it wasn't the kind which would let you hold back, it was all or nothing.

At first, activation of magic with this Energy was tested out. Basic magic which only created a simple flame, caused a massive explosion.

As the test was conducted in an experiment room in the labyrinth, it didn't cause any nasty accidents, but this led to my understanding that I couldn't take experimenting with it lightly.

Ciel is happily analyzing it currently.

That's why, though it has been awhile, I am running simulations in my mind. As of now, I have a 90% chance of victory in a battle against Chloe. Though, that's hoping she was fighting seriously in our mock battle.

But, I took her predicted movements, and increased them a fair bit more, then I did the battle simulations. The exception, was if I fought with only swordplay, chances of victory drop below 30%.

For that, I felt that I still had much training ahead of me.

As for Guy, there was a lack of information. If even once, I could have a look at him battling seriously, some predictions could be done, but....

Such chances don't just fall out of the sky.

Incidentally, if Chloe went against Diablo, Zegion and Benimaru in a 1v3, there was a 90% chance of victory for my side.

In the end, it's only the result of a simulation. If they went against her head on, it's a 100% defeat.

There's no such thing as "fair and square" or "dirty" in a fight, only by utilizing everything they had could they improve their odds to 90%.

Looking at it the other way, just how strong is Chloe?!

There was a chance that she may be even stronger than Guy.

Well, that's only assuming Guy isn't able to move within the "Suspended World".

This was what I’ve been doing, during our preparations for the upcoming battle.

　−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−

Dagruel was looking over his country.

Until yesterday Demon Lord Rimuru's subordinates were setting up the magic formation of the transit gate.

They sure work hard, he thought as he admired their diligent work. Just this morning, reporting that the construction is complete, the commander by the name of Gerudo and his engineer followers all left.

Dagruel looked at the completed magic formation with far-sighted eyes, transporting soldiers on a larger scale was now possible, as he thought in amazement.

The base looked to be made from stone, if the stone lid was removed, what looked to be a empty space for further processing was set up as well.

Although they only did what was needed to complete the gate, in Dagruel's eyes, this was already plenty an amazing piece of work.

(To let anybody be able to use this was… Just how far into the future has Demon Lord Rimuru envisioned...?)

What that meant, he was honestly amazed, this Demon Lord called Rimuru thought of something he himself couldn't even have come up with.

But, a sudden voice from behind expelled Dagruel's feelings.

With no indication whatsoever, the being that suddenly appeared behind him said

「Sup, Dagruel. It's been awhile. I'm glad you seem to be fine.

Now then, I don't have much time anyways, so I'll get to the point.

But before that, I need confirmation....

Are you still one of my servants?」

Hearing that voice, Dagruel thought, "Ahh, as I have expected", and came to terms with his heart.

He had a faint inkling that this might have been the case from the moment Dino betrayed the Octagram.

That idiot Dino would never have made the decision to betray of his own volition in the first place.

Following that train of thought, if there was anyone who could order Dino around, he could only think of one such being.

That being was exalted as a god among them――

「Yes! Of course, my Master!

This Dagruel, have been patiently waiting for your return!!」

He turned, and knelt. Without facing up, Dagruel gave his respects to the being who has suddenly appeared, and was now sitting on Dagruel's throne.

That was what he truly felt. He was only slightly fond of his current position.

「Un. If it was you, I had faith that you would say that, Dagruel.」

This being, Velda, was quietly looking at Dagruel as he matter-of-factly nodded.

「Now then, I'm going to remove your seal, as I have lots of work for you to help me with.

By now you should be able to control the power more or less.

I'm looking forward to your achievements, "Titan (Tyrant Gigant)" Dagruel.」

As he was saying such, he put his hand on Dagruel's head who still looking downwards. In the past age of gods, the ferocious Gigant, had once challenged "Stellar Dragon King" Veldanava and was sealed.

An atrocious king, who spread destruction on earth. With his overwhelmingly supernatural strength, multiple countries were reduced to dust.

The feared god of destruction, who drove many ancient magic countries to the pits of despair.

Even in the present, with his abilities sealed by "Stellar Dragon King" Veldanava, the scene of his rage earned him the title "Earthquake".

Because of his great power, the devastation wrought when he loses his reasoning was unfathomable.

That was about to be released again.

(Ahh, to be of use to "Stellar Dragon King" Veldanava-sama, this is great.)

Thoughts of his 3 sons passed by in his mind.

Their absence in his country now, is it a good or a bad thing…… Can't help much thinking about it now.

「Gunuu!! I AM, "TITAN" DAGRUEL!!

With this body of mine, I am the being who disposes of all who oppose your Excellency!

I await, your orders!!」

He bellows, in a show of his atrocious might.

Velda looked at him gleefully, and gave him a multitude of orders.

* * *

[1] Male Albedo??? XD





Chapter 194: World Rumbling


On that day, the declaration of war was announced to all people who lived in the world.

A huge image was projected in the sky.

The boy with blue eyes in the projection opened his mouth dignifiedly.

『My name is Velda. The one who brings destruction to this world.

Today, on this day and at this time, I declare a war to the residents of the entire world.

Life or death.

All of you should fight as hard as possible. Well then, shall we begin? Armageddon (The Final War)!』

Those words became the signal of the start.

From the huge gate that appeared in the sky, armies of angels spring out in succession.

The world was immediately wrapped in chaos.

Oh dear, we received a preemptive strike.

By the oath from Velda, the former Angra Mainyu, thus the game begins.

However, Velda huh.

Angra Mainyu having that name means that there is no trace of Yuuki’s personality anymore.

Though I don’t know what kind of effect it had, I did comprehend that a completely different plan was put into motion.

「I don’t care whether it is Velda or something else, I will beat him speechless!」

「Yeah that’s right. There is no reason to trouble Rimuru-sama.」

「Yes. Considering that I want to go out and see places I never seen, wishing for world destruction is unacceptable.」

Ul, Testa and Carrera are talking as they please.

If it’s me, I would be more careful of Yuuki, though I feel this is not an easy task.

I wonder from where did these three’s confidence come from.

The situation of each country is projected by my surveillance magic on several large screens which I installed in the control room, which is in the Joint Operations Headquarters.

The situation is not good, yet it is not the worst either. Due to prior communications, the governing body of each country were able to expect this situation.

Though with limited time, the arrangements for the evacuation instructions to the people were put in order. The problem is the chaos that will occur due to the prolonged war and food shortage.

Hinata is also cooperating in leading the people, so the evacuation was finished by yesterday. The people who were doubting it before, are now quiet.

I wonder till when this status will keep.

Right now, people who were confused by fear and people who complained because of their anxiety are few. However, such people will increase as time passes.

The people in the capital cities, where the evacuation is completed, only have enough food for about a week.

Because the help hasn’t reached the people of the rural areas, only a warning was conveyed. Later, under the command of the local government, in the current situation, each of them will cope with it by themselves.

I think that a considerable amount of effort will be needed just to maintain the current state.

Because The Great War has occurred every 500 years, only the shelters are prepared.

In each country’s capital, the shelter for the citizens is prepared inside a cavern in the nearby mountains or underground.

Although some, more or less, preserved food is stored, it is unable to satisfy all of the citizens whom exceed tens of thousands.

According to the record of the Great Wars up til now, the number of angels seemed to increase in a single week. As such, it is unclear what will happen this time.

Although preparation was greater than in the past, I expect that riots will occur in the case that The Great War is prolonged.

It only depends on the circumstances, but it was depressing to think that, in the worst case, I might need to use soldiers to suppress the riots.

How will the angels move? That’s the main problem.

Different from what has happened in the past, now that the angels have a will of their own, what will be the main focus of their armies’ attacks?

Will they focus on us, the opposing forces? Or, in order to bring us together, will they focus their attacks at the human nations?

My surveillance magic is effective in verifying that.

And so, I could observe all of the important locations by projecting images of them.

The preparation was complete, I can instantly grasp the angels’ movements.

The “Palace of White Ice” on the ice continent where Guy resides.

The magic city that Leon rules, “El Dorado”.

The Holy Empire Ruberios where Ruminas has concealed herself.

The Palace Reaching Heaven[1], the castle of the giants’ kingdom which Dagruel rules.

Every capital city and major city of the western countries.

Every big city that exists as important locations as well as the East Empire’s capital.

And near the center of the land with the vast abundant harvests that spreads through the south of Great Jura Forest, a castle with white walls, built by the people who admired Milim, stood there elegantly, it was the castle of Milim, the “Destroyer”.

Every place was projected clearly on the large screens.

Immediately after the war declaration was done, the army of angels sprung forth from the huge gate that appeared in the sky.

However, it was primarily a bluff.

Their focus was concentrated on four points.

First of all, Guy was excluded because Chloe was sent to deal with him instead.

With this, as expected, there was no need for additional forces.

Then, the problem are the 4 places in question……

First of all is “El Dorado”. An army of 200.000 angels of different sizes and qualities had invaded it.

The next is Holy Empire Ruberios. An army of 200.000 is also attacking this place.

The third place is Milim’s castle, the White Wall Castle. An army of 200.000 also appeared there.

And the last place is right overhead, the outside of the Labyrinth.

In other words, our country, an army of 400.000 angels are attacking here.

Hey, why is it that only my place got twice the number?

I wish that the forces went to Dagruel-ossan’s place too. In that case, we could crush them with a swift attack.

I thought about such a naïve thing, but the situation doesn’t seem like it will be so convenient.

“Let’s gather all of the Demon Lords in one place, everyone can defeat them, right!” so I insisted, but the scene of me being looked at by everyone with cold eyes, is still fresh in my memory.

The reason for it is because it is against the aesthetics! Or something like that.

I don’t care about aesthetics, I only want to settle the problem quickly……

Somehow, the only thing that they consented to was aid during emergencies.

I had prepared the transfer magic formation, with much effort, for the plan I had in mind, however I failed in the persuasion.

I consulted with Ciel and agreed that there’s a margin of flexibility in it, unfortunately this plan was still rejected.

If we had executed that plan, we could have been predominantly advantageous when the angel army dispersed…… sadly it can’t be helped.

Oh well, the Demon Lords are not my subordinates, and not colleagues that can be trusted either.

It’s something like a miracle that they can cooperate with each other. So, I’m okay with such a result.

The progress of the war is hardly satisfactory, the enemy is good enough to divide the forces that could deal with our side.

If they had spared some of their forces towards Dagruel, then it is likely that the angels will still have an even force against us though.

The angel forces seem to be moving into a slightly advantageous situation. It’s as if they had counted our forces……

《As expected, I concluded that there is a betrayer among the Demon Lords》

Suddenly, Ciel give me a warning.

Although Ciel had pointed it out some time ago, I said that I disagree with the timing when Dino showed his true nature.

I didn’t think about Dino to that extent, so I laughed it off……

In any case, since the war has begun now, it is unnatural if they don’t attack when there is an opportunity to do so, or so Ciel insisted.

However, there’s no definite evidence, and each Demon Lord doesn’t have any motive for it either.

They spent the trump card that is Chloe to block the intervention of Guy, therefore Guy is out of question.

I can exclude Leon and Ruminas because of their ties to Chloe too.

Ramiris and Milim are out of question.

That only leaves Dagruel, however, his upright character as a soldier makes him the number one unlikeliest to be the betrayer.

It is certain that he was close to Dino, but he has continued to fight against the angels since the ancient times and didn’t seem to betray in those times.

Also, his three sons are being worked hard by Shion, and are training here. If he intended to betray us, surely he wouldn’t entrust his sons to the enemy.

This side didn’t suggest it either, it was a request from him.

As such I had rejected the opinion, and believed that Ciel was just thinking too much.

(Dagruel is the betrayer?)

《Dagruel has the highest probability of being the betrayer.

Yet I cannot throw away the possibility that Ruminas is the one either.

If Dagruel moves, his betrayal will be confirmed.

If Ruminas asks for help without moving, Ruminas is the betrayer.》

There seems to be a possibility that Dagruel is not the betrayer.

Is that so? Currently, An army of 200.000 angels are against Ruminas. Additionally, Ruminas has her own troops. If reinforcements went there, without a doubt they would be annihilated, huh?

Even if there were no reinforcements, at least in the current situation, Ruminas would have a hard fight, yet surely she wouldn’t defeated.

The battle might be hanging in the balance, but it won’t be one-sided. In that case, the proud-hearted vampire princess would not request for help.

But even so, in the case that Dagruel moves to aid Ruminas even when she doesn’t request for help……

Dagruel’s troops would turn their fangs towards Ruminas.

I see.

Certainly, in that case the betrayer would become known.

They not only divided their forces, they allocated it in a way that could deal with us, with the intention to crush each and every Demon Lord.

Each Demon Lord does not have much in the way of surplus troops and it might have been anticipated that there are not enough spare troops to be sent as reinforcements.

And it will be uncertain which one is telling the truth if I check the situation with only telepathic communication.

Distrust will rise among us and our cooperation will collapse as well. After I saw through this plan, I realized that it is a cunning strategy.

They had Dino betray us once so as get our guards down, in the expectation that we would deem that there would be no further betrayals. To be honest, if Ciel-sensei was not here, I’m certain that I would have gotten caught in that plan.

That would only be in the case that she was not here, as that plan has already been completely seen through.

With surveillance magic, I can perfectly grasp the placement of the enemy forces. It is the enemy’s miscalculation, the chances of victory seems to be in our favor.

Although I made the transfer magic formation with much effort, it is not a thing which can be activated by every army.

So, I will not need to be so afraid even if someone defects. As it is not possible to transfer to inside the labyrinth with the magic formation.

I only would only tell each Demon Lord to seal the power of the transfer formation once the matter of the betrayer is settled.

(Okay, keep investigating the situation without stopping!)

《Yes, understood, Master!》

Saying that there is a betrayer from the very beginning of the war is not pleasant.

Truly, it is an omen that it’ll become a few nasty battles.

At the time that I was gloomily thinking such, I hardly believed my eyes when I saw a harder to believe scene.

Milim’s army is being pushed back.

Impossible! The former Demon Lords, Karion and Frey are over there, and yet……

At that moment, there was a change to Milim’s castle which was projected on the screen. In a section of the castle, an explosion occurred.

It seems the situation has become worse than I expected.

　−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−

When the gate appeared in the sky, and angels had begun to pour out from it, Milim had been warming up for the war in high spirits.

A mob of angels is not a worthy foe for Milim.

She can rely on the subordinates whom she trained herself, and there’s Karion who received the position of general.

「Hmm, in that case, I’m going out for a bit.」

Saying such, lightly, Karion stands up.

‘Let’s go, all you rascals!!’ When Karion issued his command, he gets on his griffon and proceeds to intercept the enemy.

Milim watched the situation while getting excited.

But the situation changed completely with the appearance of a single man.

「Yours truly is one of the Four Fiends of the Heaven Commanders, Vega! All you small fries don’t even pass the qualifications to be food for this great me.

Stop your useless resistance and quickly be eaten by me!」

The man shouted such with a loud voice and began to slaughter Karion’s beastman subordinates.

Even the most earliest soldiers who have been following Karion since the period of the Beast Kingdom “Yuurazania”, all turned pale at the man’s dreadful power.

Milim’s currently assembled troops have been assembled through the reorganization of the forces of her area.

The command of the whole army is left to Karion who took the position of general.

Their total number is 300.000.

At the center of them was the 3.000 units titled “Flying Beast Knight Order”.

3.000 griffons of “Sky Queen” Frey’s forces and mounted on their back are the specially picked beastmen of “Beast King” Karion’s subordinates.

They’re merely 3.000 people but they are warriors who exceed A rank who are able to easily do high speed air battle as one effective body.

In this world, this is the largest force composed only of people who exceed A rank.

Even the Empire’s magic beast corps was composed of “A-“ rank, so it could be easily to comprehend that they are a significant forces.

Griffons are originally magic beasts with “B+” rank.

But, with the result of the training given by Karion, their ability was raised to “A-“ rank.

As with the A rank beastmen who rode them, their ability became equivalent to A rank.

The Flying Beast Knight Order is the strongest subordinates who were trained by Karion in both name and reality.

The rest are the devils, mercenaries and Clayman’s former subordinates. It is a combined force consisting of various people.

Even the people who usually take part in maintaining the public order were roped into the war.

Opposing the angel forces of 200.000 is Milim’s army of 300.000.

Milim’s army has the advantage in number but they are somewhat disadvantaged as their ability quality is average.

Even so, there is the effect of increasing their ability due to Karion’s courageous shout, therefore in the beginning they held the superiority in the battle, but……

Due to the appearance of the man named; Vega of the Four Fiends of the Heaven Commanders, the situation has completely changed.

「Humph! Useless, useless, utterly useless! None of you small fries can injure me!」

He shouted such as he swung around the Sky Piercing Halberd[2] that he held in his hand.

With just one swing, a mountain of corpses is made in the surroundings.

‘Grr!’ So Karion ground his teeth as he glared at the provocative Vega.

With just a glance, Karion understood that Vega is different from the other angels. Even if he fights with that man, or even if he deployed the entirety of his treasured “Flying Beast Knight Order”, they would probably get annihilated.

Along with Milim, Frey and her aides, “Harpy” are waiting.

The dirty work is for himself to deal with, the rest he may entrust to Frey.

「Hey, I’m going to fight that cocky bastard Vega.

And so, I entrust the command of the entire army to you, take care of the rest!」

Which is what he told his aide, the tiger beastman Baum.

「 Karion-sama, that guy is……

Shouldn’t I be that guy’s first opponent so that you can check his weaknesses, even if just a little?」

Karion shook his head at Baum’s idea.

In the case of the angel’s army, they have no unity, they are only attacking at random.

If it is so, although his own army is inferior on average, they are advantageous with their numbers, which exceed the number of enemies, and their united command.

In this situation, such folly like ‘the commander is not around’ cannot be permitted to happen. In case a Baum weakens Vega’s power and Karion delivers the finishing blow, that strategy would be worth consideration. Unfortunately, Baum wouldn’t even slow that man down.

His intuition from his battle experience as the Beast King told him that the man named Vega is not an ordinary person.

「No Baum, you wouldn’t even buy any time. It’d be a big loss if there isn’t someone giving orders.

While I fight that guy one on one, you defeat the angels!」

Baum realized, the enemy who calls himself Vega has an unprecedented amount of strength, from Karion’s expression.

For Karion who has an optimistic and frank character, that strained expression is similar to the expression Karion showed before his fight with Milim sometime ago.

「Of course, a person who can only talk, won’t be a threat if it’s Karion-sama.

You can leave the command of the army to me! However, please refrain from the behavior of leaving the work to Frey-sama.」

「Oh crap. If you owe a debt to Frey, it’ll be harsh when she comes to collect the debt.」

The two, both joking with each other, then part ways.

‘Don’t leave the work to Frey’, in other words, he meant ‘Please don’t die’.

Worrying about Karion, who is the strongest Beast King, is something that an aide should never do.

That strength is absolute, the name of “Beast King” is not just for show.

As the general, who is the right hand of the strongest Demon Lord Milim, Karion needs to continue his reign.

(What a thing to say, even though I lost as the Lion Mask.)

Karion recalled his defeat at the hands of Diablo during the Tournament in Tempest.

That country there, is abnormal.

Because even that Diablo who defeated him, was defeated in the finals.

It had taught him that there is always someone better, his self-conceit was finally shattered. After that he endured grueling training and obtained strength greater than he had during his Demon Lord time.

It will be a hard fight, but Karion doesn’t have any intention to be defeated whatsoever.

(That reminds me, Gobuta…… I wonder if he’s doing well ――）

The face of his friend who trained together with him came to mind.

When he remembers that genius who even Karion admits to having abnormal talent that surpasses his own race, he feels happy.

(At best, not getting laughed at by that guy might be the proof that I became strong!)

When Karion sprouted a fearless smile, he charged towards Vega.

When Karion clashed with Vega, a fierce battle began.

Frey pacified Milim who struggled to go there herself.

If Milim, who can’t go easy on anyone, is rampaging seriously, it will not only be the town around the castle that vanishes, but there’ll also be casualties among the ally troops as well.

The current situation, it seems there is a dangerous guy from the enemy side, but Frey believes that Karion can deal with it.

In the case that Karion is defeated, then, and only then, would it be Milim’s turn. Therefore, right now, she needs to watch the way Karion fights, deciding that she needs to analyze the abilities of the enemy.

As Karion’s aide, she was going to do so and have Karion work hard for Milim’s sake.

Frey is cold-hearted and calculating, but that doesn’t mean that she has never trusted Karion. Rather, because she believed that Karion might defeat Vega which would prevent Milim going out.

After all, Frey cannot imagine a battle maniac like him having a hard fight with a person whom she has never heard the name of.

Frey who is not specialized in combat was not able to see the truth of Vega’s terror.

She thought that they could win without having a hard time, even if by any chance Karion had a hard time, so long as Milim analyzed the enemy's power.

But she will immediately notice that her thinking was naïve.

If Milim, who is the leader, can defeat the enemy without a problem, a small sacrifice may be unavoidable.

That is what Frey thought, when Milim was watching Karion’s fight.

That is, until Milim turned around with a fierce expression.

This presence is not an ordinary one, of course Frey, and even the “Harpy” are alerted.

Besides Frey, the others don’t sense anything like an unidentified presence, but Milim’s intuition cannot be mistaken.

「Who are you?」

When Milim asked that, the space mutated it’s color slowly, and a woman appeared.

A woman with beautiful silver hair, similar to Milim.

A “matchless in beauty” woman who seems like an adult version of Milim.

Her white skin and the gaze of her almond-shaped eyes.

Frey gasped. The appearance is too beautiful, and reminds her of her beloved master.

There is a sign that lets you feel that the two resemble each other closely, as if there is blood connection between the two.

Four pure white angels kneel in the rear, to protect the woman.

Their aura are overwhelming and each of them has power equivalent to an awakened Demon Lord, Frey was able to feel it too.

「Nice to meet you, Milim Nava-sama.

I am the one who holds the name, “Lucia”.

This time I have visited to meet you.

Your father is waiting for you. Please, let us go together.」

The woman who introduced herself as Lucia greets and bows to Milim respectfully.

And then she let out those shocking words.

A shock ran through them.

If you are talking about Milim’s father, it would be the late “Stellar Dragon King” Veldanava.

A little while ago, the person who was shown on the image that appeared in the sky had introduced himself as Velda, it couldn’t be……

When Frey thought so,

「Don’t be silly! My father is already dead. If you keep saying this nonsense, I will end your life!」

Frey heard Milim’s enraged voice.

Of course. For Milim, the topic of her family is taboo.

「No, it is the truth. Milim-sama.」

Immediately after the woman said that, a thunderous roar resounded in front of the of the woman who introduced herself as Lucia.

It’s Milim’s fist that went towards Lucia’s face, yet was stopped as if it was blocked by an invisible wall.

Frey was able to tell, Milim threw her fist with all her power and she did not stop it to threaten the woman.

Seeing Lucia who remained calm, even after receiving a full power blow from Milim, it made Frey feel shivers run down her back.

Even if she’s going easy on someone, her title as the “Destroyer” is not for show.

It’s impossible to completely block it, even if using Multiple Barriers.

The reason why is because when Milim attacks, the power is dispersed and not to the extent of killing the opponent. In other words, Milim who threw out the attack with a calculated power in order to break the target’s barrier and yet not kill the target.

For her to remain calm, it’s nothing but that she had exceeded Milim’s assumptions.

Such a thing was something that couldn’t happen as far as Frey knows.

After all, Milim is the strongest Demon Lord, rivaling Guy Crimson――

「It is useless, Milim-sama. Attacks toward me will not be effective whatsoever.

What is more important is that your father is waiting.

“In the new world, let us live together!” is what he said.

Please come with me.」

Although she is beautiful, Lucia repeats the same words like a machine.

Her voice resounding coldly, without any emotion that could be felt from it, it painted Frey’s mind with uneasiness.

(Return immediately, Karion! Milim-sama may be in danger.)

(What did you say!? But, I’m sorry…… I may not be able come back――）

Unlike Frey’s expectations, the man who Karion was fighting against seems to be a more powerful person than she had expected.

For Karion who is a confident person to have no time to spare, Frey was able to understand that he is having a hard fight.

This is bad! As Frey thinks so,

「Kill her!」

She gave an order to the “Harpy” without waiting for Milim’s approval.

Frey had merely judged that it would be dangerous for Milim, if she let this woman keep on doing as she likes.

Because their beloved Master is too gentle to the extent that could be fatal.

If she really tried to kill her opponent then she wouldn’t have a hard fight regardless who the opponent is, but she didn’t fight seriously because she is trying not kill to her opponent. As far as Frey knows, the last time Milim fought seriously was a long time ago. Frey had just been born around that time, Milim destroyed a country and then clashed with Guy.

Because Milim is such a gentle master, Frey wishes to keep her away from as much danger as much as she can.

「Fool.」

One of the kneeling angels stood up and materialized a war hammer.

And then,

「You insects who cling to Milim-sama should know your place!

Die! Lightning Bomber!!」

The angel swung down the war hammer and a destructive lightning which exhibited a tremendous amount of power struck towards Frey and the others.

Frey prepared for her death when she saw the despair-inducing, destructive electric discharge that was released from the war hammer.

The released lightning ran through Frey’s body.

At the same time, the “Harpies” who began an attack towards Lucia were also annihilated with only that single blow.

Though it was an overkill attack that struck Frey and the others, they seemed to barely avoid their deaths, somehow.

Frey mustered her strength to stay conscious in her injured body that could break any moment as she confirmed the cause.

Milim’s left arm had caught the war hammer that was swung down toward Frey and the others.

Thanks to Milim, they had barely survived.

(Ah, Milim is so kind. As I expected, you are not really cut out to kill.)

Thus she thought so.

And at the same time, she froze when she saw Milim’s expression.

It was an expression of rage.

Milim flew into a rage as Frey and the others, who are her subordinates, were injured.

「I will not forgive you. To injure my subordinates, I will never forgive this!!」

So Milim shouts.

And then, light is released from Milim’s body and wrap her in it.

She wore the God class armor on her body as she switched to Battle Mode.

She carries the power of a “True Dragon” in her body, and Milim who had become the incarnation of destruction let loose that power.

The heaven trembles, the earth shatters.

By the anger of an ancient Demon Lord, the world rumbled.

Frey was astonished as she realized the enemy’s aim.

It is good if Milim accepts the invitation. In the case where she declines it…… make her fly into a rage that deprives her of her senses.

And like now……

(Not good! Don’t do it, Milim!!)

Frey who tried to stop Milim with a soundless voice. However, her voice couldn’t reach Milim.

The world will once again be exposed to the wrath of the ultimate dragonoid.

* * *

[1] 天通閣 Tsutenkaku, there’s also a tower with the same name and it's a well-known landmark of Osaka. 閣 can mean tower or palace

[2] 方天戟 Houtengeki, the famous weapon used by warlord Lu Bu in the "Three Kingdoms" period in China.





Chapter 195: Chaos and Counter-moves


This is bad....

Really bad.

From the video that was being projected on the big screen, Milim was enraged, and looked as though she has lost all reasoning.

If Milim seriously ran amok now, just who would stop her.

By some freak chance, Ramiris had managed to calm her down when she clashed with Guy in the distant past.... It doesn't look like we can depend on Ramiris this time.

「Oi, Ramiris....

Just asking, if I were to hold Milim down, would you be able to bring her back to her senses?」

「Wha-! Are you trying to get me killed!?」

As I thought.

Though I didn't expect anything in the first place, for the midget that Ramiris is now, this is too big of an undertaking for her.

「Well, I kinda expected your answer. But, to think their strategy would involve angering Milim....」

As I murmured, I started thinking.

Honestly, this was unexpected.

Here, I was thinking, the being that calls itself Velda would be the only one using『Justice King Michael』.

That said, I was negligent to think only Velda would be able to defeat Milim.

If Velda were to be on the frontlines himself, the plan was to teleport and confront him immediately. You can't really call this underhanded, leaving just enough to maintain our defense lines, the idea to go at him with everything we have is a good idea.

That beauty who I have never seen before, protected by『Justice King Michael』's "Castle Guard", was taunting Milim.

Though having no offensive power whatsoever, she was protected by the absolute defense of "Castle Guard". Even with Milim's nonsensical destructive power, that defense couldn't be penetrated.

In fact, she was making use of that destructive energy to cause damage to the surroundings. Having it turn out like this, Milim's rage would only intensify, and that would be just what the enemy wants.

Distributing abilities, Ultimate Skills which were like trump cards, to his subordinates; this was unexpected.

Yuuki was someone who had the tendency to hoard everything, thus, this was a thought process totally different from the original. What a troublesome opponent.

「That looks bad. If we don't stop Milim, her actions are gonna end up overshadowing those who are destroying the world.」

「Looks that way.... What should we do, Rimuru?」

Ramiris agreed, and looked at me.

Shit happened right after the war began.

So, what should our choice be....

While we contemplate our choices, the situation isn't going to wait for us.

Before I could make my decision, more problems began.

Diablo by himself would have a hard time as Milim's opponent.

At the very least, I would need to send 3 of my followers of Guardian Level or the odds would be bad.

I already need to send that many to handle Milim alone. Then there's the rampaging Vega and that mysterious silver haired female, plus another 4 seraphim class opponents; I'm going to need to send a big portion of my forces already.

The 4 angels who are standing by behind the silver haired female don't look like those mass produced weaklings.

Looking at the present situation, the destruction of Tempest seems to be unavoidable.

From the very start defense of the city was given up, with the aim to rebuild it. All important facilities were moved into the labyrinth, along with all of our guests.

It's sad but all the buildings that have been constructed will be discarded. Thanks to that, there’s no need to defend the city, so it’s possible to maintain our stance of total resistance.

Using the buildings as shields, the 300 thousand ex-empire soldiers were out in the field as our defense force.

Split into 3 combat teams, they’ll coordinate with each other, and confront enemy attacks.

There was a 4th combat team, comprised of combat specialised elites that were summoned previously, still standing by; in actual fact it was a big defense force of 400 thousand strong.

But, there were 400 thousand on the angel side too, so we’re even on numbers.

The remaining 100 thousand ex-empire soldiers, were employed as a peacekeeping force in the Great Jura Forest. They ensure the villages and settlements don't get attacked by angels that were scattered from the frontlines or rouge/deviant angels; they coordinate their efforts and maintain our *other* defenses.

Finally, the volunteer forces which comprised of roughly 30 thousand adventurers, was led by Masayuki, and have headed out to the defense of the western countries.

It was an all out confrontation.

"Drag Lord" Gabil and "Barrier Lord" Gerudo are at the frontlines taking command.

Oh, let's not be forgetting about Gobuta. Though he himself isn't on the level of the other Guardians, he's also working hard at the frontlines.

The battle is at a stalemate.

Of the angel army that's invading Tempest, while they have the numbers they lack capable officers.

They have Dino as the Highest Command for the invasion, but because of his promise with me, he himself won't be taking to the field.

The two fallen angels that tagged along with him, are now in one on one battles against Gabil and Gerudo. Previously Gerudo got pretty beaten up against the two of them, now's the time for his revenge match.

Both of them looked even in terms of power, but since neither are serious yet, the result of their match can't be predicted yet.

Gabil was holding his own against the other, locked in an aerial battle. This side looks even too. I figured it was okay to leave this to them.

Though I wanted to send reinforcements to help them, as we still have no idea how much remained of their invasion force, it wasn't a good idea to show so much of our hand just yet.

I would take action if it looks bad, but I'll have to hold back for now.

With the situation at Tempest currently a stalemate, I shall turn my attention elsewhere.

The problems, were in the other countries.

I now know who the traitor is.

It's Dagruel.

Even though there was no word from Ruminas, he is mobilizing his army.

Along with 200 thousand of the angel army[estimated B rank], plus 100 thousand of Dagruel's Chain Giant army[estimated B+ rank], Ruminas' forces definitely can't hold against them.

Looks like their main target is Ruminas.

Their aim is to crush one pillar of the Demon Lords first, "Queen of Nightmare" Ruminas Valentine.

Ruberios was, in fact, the lynchpin in the defenses of the western countries.

If it were to fall, the enemy would gain a foothold over the western countries, and would probably get their momentum going.

As the angel army was flight capable, if they used the extra large transit gate they would be able to spread their forces rapidly.

It was easily predicted that the inhabitants of the western countries would be unable to fend off a pincer attack, and would get ravaged by the giant army advancing from their west, let alone the angel army coming down from the skies.

Ruminas' personal forces, comprised of:

300 Holy Knights and 400 Bloody Knights [Both estimated at A rank].

As the commanding officers, the 7 greater nobles.

Plus, a handful of Holy Knights led by Arno.

The main force consisted of 100 thousand members of the Holy Scripture Knights[estimated B+ rank], the Saint Church's believers, Lesser Vampires and other similar Majin under Ruminas comprised most of these units.

In addition, was 100 thousand knights[estimated C+ rank], that were sent from the remaining western countries.

That was all.

It was a great force of over 200 thousand, but they were already struggling against the angel army.

Among the elites who were directly under Dagruel, there are A rank Majin class Giants, this meant Ruminas would be outnumbered and outclassed.

Ruminas and Dagruel house the two largest factions among the Demon Lords, their forces were equal. But, counting in the number of reinforcements, and their quality, there’ll be a distinct gap now.

If at this point in time, Ruminas were to fall, the collapse of the western countries would take but an instant.

In less than a month, the western countries would be totally ravaged. This must definitely be prevented.

That means, I'm going to have to send in reinforcements.

Dagruel's strength is still unknown to me. It is said he has the beef to back up getting into fights with Veldora in the past, so it's a bad idea to underestimate him.

Even if he gets into a 1 on 1 fight with Ruminas, it was difficult to predict who would have the upper hand.

As Ruminas wields an Ultimate Skill of the Sin series, i don't think she'll be defeated that easily....

In any case, there's a need for me to send reinforcements.

There are problems elsewhere too.

Against the forces of Leon's Magic City Country, the 200 thousand strong angel army is too much for them to handle.

Currently, with the use of a Defensive Emplacement, and focusing on city defense, his forces are still holding on. But, the moment the defenses are broken through, the flow of the battle is likely to shift.

Leon's forces, was comprised of only 10 thousand Magic Knights[estimated A rank].

They were an elite band of capable knights, which I caught a glimpse of during my visit.

But, the difference in power is too vast for them to be able to cover their handicap in numbers.

Although the angels are estimated to be B rank in combat prowess, the abilities differ for those who are reincarnators. In other words, it's different depending on their willpower.

The mass produced angels are not a threat, but the angels who have a will of their own show obvious increases in strength.

As the race that mirrors the demons, it is better to assume that they too, become stronger the longer they exist.

Additionally, there are reincarnators who were formerly from Yuuki's hybrid forces, it is predicted that there are other hidden commander types and the like.

Then there is also the placement of the upper tier angels, the details are still unconfirmed as of now. They seem to be hiding their true abilities, and blending into the horde of regular angels.

Though there were a few who stood out, there's simply too few in number at this point.

There should be roughly 100 thousand reincarnators from the ex-hybrid forces. There's a need to be wary of them.

With just Leon's forces, he's not going to hold out against 200 thousand angels.

A massive reading has been confirmed in "El Dorado's” airspace.

With Souei's Tsukuyomi, that was analyzed and confirmed using "Eye of the Moon".

It was a reading similar to Vega who was currently attacking Milim's forces.

I think she called herself one of the "Four Fiends of the Heaven Commanders".

That would mean, the one who's going to confront Leon is likely Four Fiends of the Heaven Commanders Kagali/Kazaream.

The strength of an Awakened Demon Lord. No, if we aren't careful, she might have powered up even more than that.

Leon's plenty strong sure, but since we have no idea just how powerful Four Fiends of the Heaven Commanders Kagali is now, being overconfident is a bad idea.

She still seems to be observing, meaning the stalemate will hold, but the situation will change the moment she makes her move.

Until then, I'll need to make my move too.

For now, that's what the overall situation looks like for the other fronts.

Such a bad outlook shortly after the battle began.

Ciel's all fine and dandy as she has completed her predictions and whatnot, it's just a boatload of headaches for me.

After sorting out the issues,

The biggest problem is still Milim.

Next, would be that against the rampaging Vega, Karion alone doesn't have enough to clinch the victory.

Then it’s Ruminas' pinch, from Dagruel's betrayal.

Finally we’ve got to handle reinforcements for Leon.

Would be how it looks.

Also, regarding Leon's case, I won't butt in unless he calls for help.

Though I kinda feel bad for Leon, even if "El Dorado" falls, it's not going to affect the other sides. The destruction of a city in that remote a location, among the many that exist, isn't going to affect an overall victory.

The exception, is if by any chance Leon is defeated, I would want to mount a counteroffensive against Kagali. Co-op with Leon would be the ideal situation though....

Even if I don't make a move, since he's Leon's ally, Guy's forces would move in to assist, that was Ciel's prediction.

It doesn't look like the angel army is moving to attack Guy's side anyways, with Misery as the commander, his forces will move to Leon's aid.

This looks like the best choice.

Guy has his own information network. So he definitely knows that his ally is in danger.

With a powerful army comprised of thousands of Greater Demons[estimated A rank], I'd want to believe that they can close the gap in numbers.

I'll be leaving Leon's problem to Guy for now, until there's a call for help I'm going to leave him be.

「What shall be our move, Rimuru-sama? If we are to stop Milim-sama, we will need to send a large portion of our forces....」

Benimaru asked.

I cut off Thought Acceleration, and put my conclusion into words.

「Although that's also important, you've noticed haven't you?

Dagruel's betrayal――」

「Yes....」

「Eh!?」

「....」

「「!?」」

Benimaru and Diablo, have noticed as expected, while the remainder don't seem to have noticed.

There was a wave of unrest in the command room.

Well, this isn't surprising. Considering that our greatest asset, one pillar among the demon lords, has betrayed us, it's normal to be disturbed by such news.

Though it's important to stop Milim, this was also a problem that couldn't be left unattended to.

「Luckily, they have yet to make their move.

Therefore, we will be sending reinforcements to Ruminas via the Transit Gate, while contacting her at the same time.

The ones to be dispatched are....」

The question is, who should I be sending.

Whoever I send will be up against an army, so someone who can handle such situations. My choice should be――

「Rimuru-sama! I would like to make a selfish request――

Please, send me out to the battlefield!!」

Shion stood up, and spoke her piece while looking straight at me.

Is the responsibility of being the guardian for Dagruel's sons a part of this?

《There should be no problems》

(But, isn't there a chance the sons would betray us too?)

《The possibility is actually fairly low.

Except, it would be unwise to send only Shion. I'd suggest sending Adalman and Albert along too.》

I too, thought of sending Adalman as they'll be up against large numbers of enemies.

He seems to be research buddies with Ruminas too, they should have fairly friendly relations.

There shouldn't be any problems so long as Zegion is in the labyrinth.

「Alright, Shion. Go for it.

You're bringing your squad along with you right? Don't get complacent.」

「Hahah! Many thanks!」

Shion vacated her position in high spirits, gave me a bow and left the room.

I don't think Shion can stand up against Dagruel as she is now. But, with support from Ruminas, her Immortal properties can be put to good use.

With Ruminas' 『Day and Night Inversion』, and Adalman's 『Holy-Demonic Inversion』.

They'll be able to handle the giant army which has many different elemental specialists.

「Adalman, you're heading out too.

Though you'll be leaving the labyrinth, go forth and assist Shion and Ruminas!」

「Understood!! As one who was granted life, I feel nothing but gratitude.

I shall definitely show that I am able to meet your expectations!!」

Adalman took off, with Albert and Wenti in tow.

Using the Dead Spirit series of summoning magic, he is capable of summoning undead knights within his labyrinth territory, he can easily whip out a dependable mobile force.

Albert also looks to have gotten used to his Gods class equipment, while Wenti was all excited as it has been awhile since she had the chance to rampage in the outside world.

For now, let's see what happens with such measures.

Next, to choose who is going to be Vega's opponent.

Let's not think about getting rid of him for now, we need to send reinforcements soon, else Milim's forces are gonna take massive casualties.

It looks like Karion has been sent to face him, but it's going to be tough for him alone.

「Now then, as for who is going to help out Karion who is facing Vega....

I'm thinking of sending Gobuta.

Your thoughts, Ranga.」

「(hngh)! Master, does that mean, that it's ok for me to head out too?」

「Ahh, that's right.」

「!! Gobuta is a genius. Our synchro rate, has already reached over 80%.

If we were to gain combat experience with a superior foe, he is definitely going to grasp the knack(for their synchro) in no time!」

As expected of Gobuta.

He's getting praised a whole lot. More like, the Goblin Genius, how's that?

Ranga was wagging his tail, looks like he's looking forward to getting some of the action.

Though it looks like he's exaggerating somewhat because he wants to head out too, his words are true to a certain extent.

I shall believe him then.

「Alright. If it's Gobuta, he can teleport to where Karion is.

Go forth, Ranga! Go, together with Gobuta, and kick that Vega's butt!」

「Understood!!」

At the same time he replied, Ranga disappeared into the shadows.

Ranga's all pumped up about it. What about Gobuta?

He wasn't all too enthusiastic, saying,「Wha-! Why'd you have to choose to fight that scaryasheck fella!!」.

Well, Gobuta'll be fine.

He'll put in the relevant amount of effort. Let's leave it at that for now.

Lastly, our main problem with Milim.

「As for Milim, I'll head out to deal with her.」

The moment I said that, the surroundings became silent.

Well duh. The leader himself is making a move, this is nothing but a bad move under normal circumstances.

But, rather than sending large numbers against Milim, I judged that there was a need for a more flexible response.

Ciel also agrees, as in her calculations, the death of one of my Guardian class followers is a possibility that couldn't be overlooked.

It's not like we're going to face Milim with the intent to kill, but shit can still happen even if we’re only trying to stop her.

This scenario calls for me to step in.

「Kufufufufu. Then, I shall be accompanying Rimuru-sama.

There will be the need to get rid of those annoying bugs(angels) that are flitting around when confronting Milim-sama.」(Diablo)

「And of course, we'll be going too!」(Testa)

「Un! Imma go too」(Ultima)

「Without a doubt」(Carrera)

My most powerful assets, the officers of the Black Numbers, all spoke in unison.

Oh well.

I'll leave the regular Black Numbers members behind then, since I can summon them anytime I want to.

Even if the silver-haired angel who's facing Milim has no attack power whatsoever, there's 4 other angels of the awakened demon lord class too, we can't be getting complacent.

Now that Shion has left for her battle, my "bodyguards" end up being these 4 pillars, doesn't give me much of a choice but to bring them along with me.

Though the situation looking like the enemy's plot to draw me out isn't out of the question, me not moving now is only going to invite an even bigger disaster to follow.

It is imperative to stop Milim from destroying her own country.

Our help would be in vain if she really ends up doing it.

「Also――There's that lower lifeform Vega, who stole my thunder.

If Gobuta doesn't finish him off, I'll need to be there for the finishing touches.」

Carrera declares, while showing an awfully scary smile.

Ahh, he's the one who interrupted her battle with [what was his rank again?] Kondo. I can understand that much.

Guess I can let her move in to "support" Gobuta, after the extra nuisances have been taken care of.

Thinking back, can Gobuta actually win this time?

Though I gave the order because Gobuta was able to get there almost instantly, his synchro rate with Ranga being only 80% is kinda bugging me.

It's not like it would be a definite win at 100%, even with Karion, Gobuta & Ranga, emerging victorious against Vega is going to be a real feat even in Ciel's calculations.

That "man" Vega, just how much has he grown.

He also seems to be absorbing the dead bodies around him, slowly increasing his power.

If we don't get rid of him soon, he can become a real threat to us.

「Alright, it's decided then.

Carrera, you shall head to assist Gobuta and co. after getting rid of those higher class angels.

Diablo, you'll be supporting me. I'll be counting on you all.」

「「Understood!!」」

With this our objectives have been laid down.

「Rimuru, I leave Milim to you!!」

「Ahh, leave it to me!」

To the uneasy Ramiris, I smiled and promised to save Milim.

Against Milim who can be said to be one of the strongest demon lords, half baked actions won't cut it.

If her anger can be suppressed, she'll probably come back to her senses.

But, it's plain suicidal, to try doing that while holding back. It'll only be possible for me to do this.

It's gonna be one heck of a task to keep that easily enraged Milim in check, but i still gotta do it.

「Benimaru, I'm entrusting the rest to you.」

「You can leave the rest to me without worries!」

Command is now passed to Benimaru.

There's also the preparations for the time when demon lord Leon requests for our aid, Benimaru understands what needs to be done.

「On the off chance, Leon comes to us seeking our aid――」

「If that time comes, I'll do something about it. Fret not!」

I'll leave it to him then.

As I hold command over the Black Numbers, I told him to contact me if there ever was the need to.

For this demon army which can move anywhere via teleportation, they need to be ready to move out at a moment's notice.

Even if we were to not take them into account, Tempest still has forces in reserve.

There's Benimaru and Souei.

Zegion and Kumara.

Along with the 4 dragon kings under Ramiris, and Beretta too.

They'll be able to handle any problems, when the need arises.

After handing over command to Benimaru, I headed out with Diablo and the others.

I need to bring Milim back to her senses posthaste.

(Wait for me, Milim! Don't go all out just yet!)

I teleported in great haste, with the objective of bringing Milim back to her senses before it's too late.





Chapter 196: Lion King vs The Four Fiends of the Heaven Commanders’ Vega


If you think about it, a strategy where all of the Demon Lords gather in one place and fight the enemy together would never work.

This is because it would be a decision that would disregard the people who have faith in their Demon Lords.

It would be a reliable way if all we wanted was to win the Great war, but if this plan went badly then it could lead to a worse result where the majority of the population would be lost.

If the goal is just defeating Velda, this plan could be considered as the best plan, but it seems that the Octagram cannot ignore one of the Four Fiends who introduced himself as Vega and those who have the same rank as him.

No, it might be difficult even for the Octagram.

If we take on this monster along with all the members, it would end quickly without any problem, but the domain we rule would very likely be ruined if we did so.

That is the reason why Ciel-san said that the Demon Lords won’t give their consent.

Oh well, it isn’t even guaranteed, that if the Octagram stayed together, that the victory would be certain.

Because once we defeated all of them and went around the places that got attacked, with the gate, one by one, the last country would probably be destroyed.

The part that we misread is the mass of the enemy forces.

That is because Ciel made her predictions based on Vega and Kagali from before they absorbed and mastered the power of the seraphim.

The ability of Vega of the Four Fiends of the Heaven Commanders has exceeded Ciel’s expectations.

It is expected that his ability will break through his limit if he continues his rampage on the surface as he is.

In addition, as the number of the Seraphim is unknown, it would be fatal if we can’t predict the force of an enemy who has the strength of awakened Demon Lord class.

Oh well, I expected that there would be at most 10 of them, but currently they still can’t be considered as a threat.

I think that those of my Guardian Lord class, would be able to deal with them perfectly.

The problem is the Four Fiends of the Heaven Commanders.

Because he said four, there is probably four of them.

Of course they wouldn’t mention Four Fiends if their members are more than four.

That would be great.

By the prediction, Vega and Kagali is confirmed. Another one seems to be Dino, the problem is the last person.

I believe that the last one is probably Dagruel.

Dagruel who is one of the Octagram as well as Ruminas.

I think both of them are equal. But they only became equal because Ruminas had obtained an Ultimate Skill.

Dagruel is a Demon Lord who has an abnormal power. The scale of his powers cannot be understood completely.

If in contest of strength, it is certain that he would overpower Ruminas.

Guessing from Vega’s power, I’m able to expect that Ruminas won’t be able to win against Dagruel.

That’s why I sent over Shion and Adalman, two of the Guardian Lords, but......

I still have this bad feeling that I can’t shake off.

I think that forcing me to fight Milim is not to buy time.

I’m relieved that Benimaru and Zegion will remain in Tempest, but I should not be careless.

In the worst case, I need to prepare to make a move but a slight uneasiness passed through my mind.

The next is that there is a question about Leon’s confidence.

I’m certain that Kagali of the Four Fiends of the Heaven Commanders went towards Leon’s place.

Kagali and Leon also have a connection and I think that Kagali bears a grudge against Leon.

The problem is the extent of Kagali’s power.

Vega’s power exceeds Ruminas’.

When compared to Leon, depending on the situation, I think that Leon would be defeated by Vega too.

Vega has become abnormally strong to such a degree.

If I assume that Kagali, who is on the same rank as Vega, became equally strong as him, Leon’s victory will become questionable.

Before the reinforcement request comes, thinking about some kind of countermeasures sounds good.

I floated in the sky after I teleported and decided to watch the battle on the ground.

Vega is fighting against Karion, but the situation is that Vega is overwhelmingly superior to Karion.

I think there is a need to greatly revise the ability analysis result of the so called Four Fiends of the Heaven Commanders, Vega and Kagali.

As I expected, there is a difference in obtaining information by seeing the fight directly versus from seeing it on the screen.

For caution’s sake, I contacted Guy with telepathy.

I told him the current situation. Next I let him decide what he wants to do, let’s believe that he will move appropriately.

The time when Chloe and Guy meet is soon, let’s have him do what he can currently.

Just like that, when I finished all of the preparations, I calmly began to descend.

It might be making me uneasy by letting other people handle everything, but I should believe in my subordinates.

Using all of the cards I can use, even Ciel says that there is no other better strategies besides that.

Under the present situation, there is nothing else that I can do.

Then I’ll do my work.

The most important task in this place is to eliminate the person who is trying to manipulate Milim.

　−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−

At the moment when Rimuru arrived in the sky and gazed down with his eyes.

Karion was in a hopeless battle.

「Guhaahhahahahaha!! Is the power of the Lion King only this much?

It is so weak that I’m speechless!

You don’t even reach my, this Vega-sama’s feet, the true Beast King!

How is it? I might make you a subordinate of mine if you kneel down and beg for your life.」

「Hha! Don’t make fun of me! This Karion has dedicated his loyalty to Milim-sama.

I need not lower my head to be your petty underling!」

「How cheeky.

Just like Milim, you’re just a fang-less pet dog!

Although I would spare your life if you served this great me, Vega-sama…...

You better regret the stupidity of your decision in the next world!」

Vega shouted such.

And a compressed aura bullet of a 50 cm diameter surged up.

‘I can’t receive that’. Karion’s instincts, which could be called super instincts, perceived the danger of the destructive power that aura bullet has.

Even if he promptly evaded it, Vega seems like he will not allow him to do so.

Aiming at Karion, Vega continuously shoots the aura bullets.

「Damn itーーー!!」

As he shouts, Karion put all of his magic power into the deployed Aura Shield in front of him.

Of course, he understands that he would die if it hit him directly. He adds some angle on the Aura Shield with repelling the aura bullets in mind.

Because of Milim’s intensive training, the means of dealing with an enemy who has more destructive and stronger power than him had been hammered into him more than needed.

Rather, he doesn’t have any memories of it stopping no matter how much he shouted for it to stop.

Milim laughed, but she didn’t stop……

The result of that special training saves Karion now.

His magic power is depleted greatly but he has somehow managed to survive. The repelled aura bullets, transforming the surroundings’ terrain with their destructive power.

Karion believes that just the fact that he was able to endure them somehow, is praiseworthy.

Under the cover of the smoke caused by the explosions, he slipped into a newly created crater. He hid himself in the shadow and suppressed his breath.

(Good grief, what the heck is with that power……

If Milim was not my opponent during the combat training, I might already be done for right now ――)

He thought about such things.

At the same time, he remembered his friend who trained together with him.

(Wait! You’ll die-ssu! If you take more than this, you’ll seriously die-ssu!!)

That guy had always been next to him and had yelled that.

And even though that guy said ‘I’m at my limit, it’s impossible’, he kept Karion company until the end of the training while being lively.

(Damn! I’m still okay. I will get laughed at by that guy if I admit my defeat here!)

Karion grinned widely and laughed.

Karion’s power, which had risen greatly as a result of Milim’s training, is clearly shown during the fight.

He remembered Milim’s words, “The most important thing is, don’t die!”.

Just like that, he is now able to understand what Milim said.

When fighting against a stronger opponent, first ascertain the enemy’s strength, then prioritize survival over everything else.

Fortunately, his subordinates seem to have left the vicinity of this area in accordance with his aide’s orders. Afraid of getting involved in the battle, the angels also didn’t approach this area.

Vega didn’t manage the angels in a skillful manner, if he was smart, he would make them surround and annihilate Karion and he would be dead by now.

But Vega hasn’t given any orders to his subordinates because he is confident with his own strength.

(There might be a chance for victory. Anyways, I need to endure. And then, wait for my chanceーー)

Karion doesn’t give up.

He need to draw out the enemy’s forces and expose their power, giving Milim the advantage.

He will leave the rest to Milim, who is the leader.

He was anxious because of what Frey said, but he needs to do what he can do right now with all of his effort.

「Tch! How sly!! You’re just a coward who only has hiding in your brain.

What is with the title ‘Lion King’? Rat is a more appropriate title for a coward like you!!」

「Shut up!

It’s a strategy, strategy. You who are dumb may not be able to understand it!」

Karion shouted back to Vega’s provocation.

He won’t get provoked.

Making use of the echo, Karion used tricks so Vega can’t know where he is.

Baited by the voice, Vega shot a series of magic bullets at the places that had nothing.

Compared to the simple aura bullet from a while ago, the power was higher. The surrounding terrain wasn’t just altered, but hollowed and annihilated.

It seems very unlikely for Karion to be able to endure many of them if he received them directly, because of the power they have.

Vega just threw them without accumulating them, yet they have the power to alter the landscape.

It was more than the kneaded magic bullets. If he face it upright, his magic power will be run out in a moment.

If it goes badly, he fears that he will receive an attack which won’t leave him any chance to recover.

He could feel the pressure in the hand which wield the Byakko-Seiryuu Lance. Because it seemed the situation will become worse if he lost his composure here.

He’s considering using his trump card,『Beastification[1]』.

At the same time of this ability activation, all the damage he received from before that would be completely restored, and all of his energy would also be restored.

Then with the large rise of his fighting power, it’s possible for him to raise the limit of his abilities.

During Milim’s special training, Karion acquired the Unique Skill 『Lion Heart』.

This ability increases his power against a person stronger than him and gives his attacks penetration effect.

And using it together with『Beastification』, results as an Original Skill『Dragon Body[2]』.

An indomitable heart and an unyielding body.

He had acquired a strong and unparalleled power.

However......

(In order to win against this guy, I have no other choice than to use Original Skill『Dragon Body』, but it’s time limit is a mere 10 minutes......)

That’s right.

It is an incomparable ability that can be thought to be an invincible power, but after 10 minutes passes and all of the magic power runs out, the transformation would come undone.

In the current situation, he would be defeated overwhelmingly if he only using Unique Skill『Lion Heart』. Karion wants to refrain from using『Beastification』until he receives a big damage, but once he uses it, he won’t be able to use the Unique Skill『Lion Heart』.

He would be defeated in the case that he doesn’t defeat Vega during the 10 minutes of him using it.

Because without the correction effect against a stronger opponent of Unique Skill『Lion Heart』 he might not be able to fight back with only the strengthening of『Beastification』.

He has confirmed that Vega has a super-regeneration ability.

Is he sure he can win? So long as he doesn’t see Vega’s weakness, he can’t use his trump card. However, losing without fighting back, he judged that he must dodge for it to happen.

「Strategy, strategy you said? Fuhahahahaha, you make me laugh.

A small fry like you should know your place and stop thinking for nothing!!

Well…… It’s easy to kill you, but should I teach you what despair is?

This yours truly hasn’t used any abilities yet. Do you understand what that means?

Because you may not be able to understand it, I will show you.」

Saying as much, Vega put one of his hands to the front.

The corpses which had fallen down to the ground began gathering and uniting, as they transformed into a decaying wicked life-form.

Then, it easily shot down the angels who are flying in the sky, as they became the prey to the life-form which was just born.

This is the moment where a horrifying creature was born into this world.

The wings of raptors[3] grew on the wriggling wicked humanoid form.

However, it lacks the light of intellect in its eyes. Because, in the first place, it has no head. But, it seems to possess『Magic Power Perception』and be able to grasp the surroundings accurately.

If it was named, it should be called an Evil Dragon Beast.

Vega activated the ultimate power that he himself got, the Ultimate Skill『Evil Dragon Lord Azi Dahaka』.

「Guhaahhahahahaha!! How is it, this lovely pet of mine!!

It’s a waste to use this kind of fighting power against small fries like you all. All of you should fully enjoy it!!」

Vega laughed loudly.

In total, there were four evil dragon beasts that were born.

They ate the angels and took their power, although they are distorted creatures, their combat ability is high.

「Hey hey…... are you serious…..」

Karion’s super instincts rings an alarm.

His instincts tells him that they might be just as strong as Clayman who was a former Demon Lord just like him.

However, Vega who created such creatures didn’t seem to have his power decreased.

It’s unknown how many of them Vega can create, but they might get increased later. Just like the angels.

The adjutant had splendidly taken command so there were not many casualties and thus it only produced 4 enemies.

(These wicked fiends, I need to quickly annihilate them, how can I let my subordinates see such things!?)

Karion shuddered, their repulsiveness made him nauseous as anger filled his heart. He said something like he had room to spare, and didn’t seem too unwilling.

「Go!! Lure the rat who’s hiding and trying to run!! 」

In accordance to the order, they started acting at a terrific speed.

The ground was kicked, the air fluttered, and the surrounding smoke was blown away.

When it came to this, it was only a matter of time that they would notice Karion, who is hiding in a hollow.

‘Tch!’ so he clicked his tongue. Karion condensing his own magic power and let out a Beast Roar (Beast Magic Particle Cannon) at one of them, which was approaching him from the front.

He judged that if such fiends were mass-produced, if he tried to buy more time, even more distant he will be from his advantageous situation.

It is not the time to be asking for chance.

One of the evil dragon beasts was burnt up by the Beast Roar that Karion let out.

The terrific destructive power of the magic particle cannon didn’t lose it’s might even after burning the evil dragon beast, it continues straight on towards Vega.

It is as Karion planned. As it’s a attack from a blind spot, it will be a direct hit.

However, the distance was slightly too far.

The power was reduced by half at around 300m, so it’s better to shoot it from more of a point-blank range.

As Karion became stronger than before, the beast roar became a perfected, highly effective, special move. So, the distance he is able to shoot from increased, and he can also shorten the preparation time for it’s firing, but the range hasn’t increased.

Right now, the power doesn’t decline until 200m but the power deteriorates no matter what when it reaches the 300m mark.

Even so, there’s no complaint from him as it has improved greatly as a result of the special training but…… it’s unlikely for it to be a telling blow in the current situation.

「Guwaahhahahahaha!! How crafty! Is this your strategy?

Yours truly doesn’t even feel any particular pain or itch from such an attack!!」

While laughing, Vega provoked Karion.

However, the area which received the direct hit suffered a major burn, to say that he didn’t receive damage, it doesn’t seem like it.

「Ha! Don’t pretend to endure it! If it’s painful, you can cry you know?」

Karion dashed quickly while returning the provocation with a provocation.

Towards the second evil dragon beast who notices Karion and was coming closer, he shot a beast roar with his left hand and dealt the killing blow with the Byakko-Seiryuu Lance loaded with kneaded aura.

The evil dragon beast whose stance was broken to evade the beast roar was destroyed without being able to react.

(Next is the other two of them!)

In Karion’s field of vision, he was able to see that two of them were coming together at a run.

If Karion was the apex of a triangle. The two beasts formed the tips of the sides, and Vega was in the center of the base[4].

If he adjusted his position, his special skill would get an even line of fire.

The length of the side is around 100m, Vega is letting his guard down as he was underestimating Karion.

It’s a chance.

(Eureka!![5])

Karion condensed all of his magic power while thanking for the good luck, and refined his demonic fighting aura[6].

While concentrating so that the power wouldn’t leak out, Karion poured it all into his Byakko-Seiryuu Lance. He waited until the demonic fighting aura was refined to its limit, he chose to gather it to the tip of his Byakko-Seiryuu Lance and turned it into a terrific power.

「Uoooooooo!! Take this! Diffusion Roar[7]!!」

The flash divided into nine and ran through.

Each target was to be pierced by three lights. Although it’s power is equal to the single shot Beast Roar, as it was spread out, it was a sure kill attack that shoots through the target from various angles.

The convergence of the three lights slightly exceed the power of the single shot Beast Roar because of its synergy. This is the true special move that Karion created.

「Hha! Serves you right. Because you looked down on someone, you will suffer like this!」

Karion spat those words out towards Vega.

The two evil dragon beasts seemed to be annihilated, but Vega seems to have stopped the attack.

Karion needed to step in to finish him off.

Both Vega’s arms were blown off and his whole body suffered a severe burn, there was also a large hole in both of his flanks.

Normally it would be a fatal wound, but for such a troublesome monster like him, it would be fine, so long as he still has a piece of his cell.

Thinking as much, Karion gathered up his remaining magic power and was going to shoot a Beast Roar as the finisher.

However――

The evil dragon beast which should have been bisected drew near, unnoticed, from Karion’s rear and attacked him.

The evil dragon beast must also have a dreadful regenerative ability.

Give it a little time and it will revive even when bisected into two.

In addition,

「Guhaahhahahahaha!! Did I say it was crafty?

Someone like you are not an opponent for me but……

It was troublesome when you were sneaking and hiding.

I lured you out with me as the decoy!

How is it? This is a strategy you know!!」

Grrrhhh…..!!

Despair struck Karion.

Vega showed a supercilious smile to Karion.

And then, his injuries were restored in but a moment, the traces of the serious injury was nowhere to be found.

From the beginning, he was not hurt.

(Damn it! I was had by this guy……!)

Though it was frustrating, Karion couldn’t help but to admit that Vega’s abilities are far stronger than he expected.

At Karion, who Vega was looking down on like he was looking at trash, he shot a large magic bullet.

He intended to get rid of Karion, without minding the evil dragon beast who was pinning Karion down from behind rear.

The moment the magic bullet was shot, Karion desperately mustered his strength to take evasive action.

He managed to avoided a direct hit, but he did lose the left side of his body.

He is alive, barely.

As Karion is the king of the beastmen, he has a high vitality. He won’t die to this degree.

However, he believes it would be hard to make a comeback from this situation.

(Damn…… is this the end, huh?)

He wanted to think that he would survive till the end, but he doesn’t seem to have any other choice.

The rest he can only gamble for with his last resort.

For the remaining 10 minutes, he will perform his full offensive attack.

‘I have no choice but to fight using my Original Skill 『Dragon Body』.’

He thought so.

All of his injuries will be completely heal and his magic power will be restored too. However, all left is defeat.

But, he will die regardless as things are now, there is no choice but to do it.

Karion resolved himself.

And,

「Don’t underestimate me! I will show you a man’s way of life!!」

So he shouted.

Vega was smirking and making an unpleasant jeer, his eyes were as if he was looking down at a defeated dog.

Such looks filled Karion with anger and he was able to forget the pain.

At the moment he was about to activate his ability,

「Wai~ttt, please wait-ssu! Hero is the one who always comes late-ssu!!」

A stupid voice was heard.

A dear friend of his, who was so out of place to the extent of the ridiculous.

What jumped out of Karion’s shadow is one Hobgoblin.

Without any mistake, it’s his dear friend, he, the genius (best friend) who Karion acknowledges.

That person’s name is Gobuta.

He is the 13th man who can dissolve this critical situation.

* * *

[1] Actually the ability is written as 獣魔人化 (Juu Majin Ka) which can be translate as Beast Majin/Devil Transformation, also 獣魔人 is the race of Karion’s aide which I left as beastman before, also about Milim being the Ultimate Dragonoid from the chapters before it used majin too (Ryuumajin) like the one from Dai no Daibouken. Well majin is a bit hard to translate actually~

Should I keep it as it now or changed them?

Any suggestions are welcome.

[2] Written as 獅子竜身, Dragonic Lion Body but was read as Dragon Body.

[3] No, it’s not the dinosaur one. It’s a term for Bird of Prey, in case someone will misunderstand this.

[4] Illustration for it:

[5] = I got this

[6] Oh kay. It’s Matouki combination of magic power and fighting spirit/aura combined.

If any of you got a better one, please comment.

[7] The Kanji for it’s 拡散獣魔粒子咆, Scattering/Spreading/Diffusion Beast Magic Particle Cannon but read as Diffusion Roar.





Chapter 197: Demon vs Angel


As I was observing the battle between Milim and the Silver Haired Angel from the skies, I began to think that something was amiss.

The Silver Haired Angel is definitely using『Justice King Michael』's "Castle Guard".

Confident that she’ll be unaffected, she guides Milim's attacks into causing damage to the surroundings.

This is a major problem of course. But despite that, visually, the damage caused seems to be less than expected.

(Hey, if Milim were dishing out Full Power Attacks, wouldn't there be far more damage than what we're seeing now?)

《Affirmative. If it was a "real" attack by Milim・Nava, she would reduce her castle to ashes in an instant.

Of the predicted possibilities, the damage may have been reduced from the effects of "Castle Guard".

Or, Milim・Nava still retains her sanity, and is controlling her output.》

Fumu.

So that's it huh.

Although she is emanating waves of anger that are enough to cause the atmosphere to shudder, there were no signs of her unleashing ultra high output attacks.

Only the castle tower was blown away at the start of the battle. It would be best to assume she still hasn't lost her sanity, and is suppressing her rage.

Which is also why,『Justice King Michael』's domination abilities have not been activated.

If Milim were to have totally lost her sanity due to her rage, she would have been dominated almost immediately.

「Diablo!」

「Ha! I am here」

From my summons, Diablo appeared behind me, ready to respond.

Kneeling behind him, were the 3 remaining devil lords.

「Diablo. You guys, go and get rid of the other 4 angels.

After that's done, go defeat Vega.

Though I sent Gobuta, just him alone is kinda worrying.

Also, one of you shall stay and be my support.」

「Understood. We will finish up shortly, and move to support Rimuru-sama!」

The representative Diablo answered, Testarossa and co. also nodded in unison.

Though those angels are on par with awakened demon lords, the demons are the more combat oriented ones among my guardian class followers. It'll be fine to leave this to them.

They are even in numbers, and Diablo is around too. I can believe they’ll succeed.

「I'll leave that to you guys then!」

After saying so, I began flying towards Milim.

As for the ones left behind, they seem to have begun arguing about who is going to be my support, it was fortunate that I didn't notice this.

Whoever won the spot, is really of little importance.

Among the ones who remained, a winner emerged from their "peaceful" discussion.

Diablo showed a gentlemanly smile, as he glares at the others.

Tch! And the like could be heard from the others, but the 3 of them didn't openly protest.

「Kufufufufu. As expected, this went smoothly all thanks to your prudence.」

A highly satisfied Diablo was smiling.

Then, with a glance, he turned his attention to the 4 angels with disinterest.

Velda's minions, 4 of the "Apostles of the End".

They were known as the Executioners(7 Angels of Crucifixion), and were the combat team in charge of close quarters combat.

This time, they were dispatched under Lucia's direct command.

As long as she had "Castle Guard", Lucia's safety is assured. They were around as a form of insurance.

But, their main aim, was to be Lucia's "sword".

The Ultimate Skill『Justice King Michael』has almost no means of directly attacking.

In other words, the Executioners are to be Lucia's hands and feet, weapons for the purpose of destroying enemies.

Michael's will, which has now became Lucia's ego, chose them for this purpose.

Toruneoto, who wields a Warhammer imbued with the lightning element, is a hulking muscular man.

Aria, who wields a Great Axe imbued with the fire element, has the looks of a small framed girl.

Oruca, who wields a Trident imbued with the water element, is a pretty lady with a slim and prim body.

Priscilla, who wields the Nine Tail. An item imbued with the wind element. Is average in build and height, has a prominent large bosom. Though her semi-closed eyes leave an impression, she gives off an "androgynous" air.[1]

The four of them, were calm and composed even when Diablo and co. suddenly appeared.

What that showed, was the confidence of the absolute strongest beings.

Their pride, as beings that have attained the powers of the highest class, Seraphims.

The demons and angels sized each other up, and quietly looked at one another.

「Fumu. We have no time for games. Let's end this quickly.」

The first to speak, was Diablo.

Testa, Ul and Carrera agreed.

「End this quickly, you say? Don't make me laugh puny demons.

There's no way you demons who have restricted evolutions, are able to reach us Seraphims, the highest of the angels.

For us who have been granted the powers of Seraphims from Velda-sama, we are the strongest existences, vastly superior to the mass produced army.

We easily outclass you lot.

Though it seems you bunch have become demon lord class, in the end your evolutions are still incomplete.

You shouldn't be letting your arrogance get to your heads simply because you’ve been upgraded to demon lords from arc demons!」

Toruneoto bellowed.

To his words, Diablo felt something was amiss.

Does the opposing boss Velda, not know that they have reached the Devil Lord class?

This would be a joke, if that was the case. If it was their master Rimuru, he would have identified them in one glance.

Unless....

(Information has not been shared amongst them, that seems to be the case.

Because of his absolute confidence in himself, he was lax in doing a matter as trivial as sharing information.

The ego of the strong, huh.

On that point, Rimuru-sama has his bases covered. As expected. Kufufufufufufu――)

Diablo was thoroughly ecstatic, as he thought of their master, who meticulously worked to set up a network to disseminate and share information, no matter the kind of information.

As his mood has greatly improved, Diablo's eyes turned "gentle", towards the fools before him.

「Hey, Diablo. Why you’re so happy? Didn't we just get dissed by the other side....?」(Ultima)

「Kufufufufu. It's because of such matters, that you still have a ways to go.

Even from the words of those foolish beings, we can pick out points that show us how great our master is.」

「Eh?」

「Ufufufufu. That's right, as expected, you seem to have noticed too, Diablo.」

「Of course, Testarossa. I shall leave those beings in your merciful hands.

If I were to do it, I'd cause them to suffer.... You'd be able to purge them with no such pains.」

「Ara, are you sure about that?」

「Wa- wait a sec! I still don't really get what you two are talking about!?」

「.... What this means, is that Diablo is saying he'll let us have his share.」

Testarossa very kindly, began explaining to Ultima.

About how their master Great Demon Lord Rimuru, puts great faith into his subordinates.

After listening to the explanation, Ultima's eyes sparkled and exclaimed loudly,

「So that's it!! So what you're saying, is that Rimuru-sama is way "higher class" than them!」

Testa nodded satisfied.

Though she also noticed that Ultima's understanding is slightly off, it's not a problem as of now.

As she has reaffirmed the greatness of their master Great Demon Lord Rimuru, it is satisfactory for now.

「Hold up!! What's this bullshit you bunch are spouting!

Haaan? You pathetic demons, do what to us highest class angels?

Purge us without suffering? Don't make me laugh!」

Due to the insulting words from the demons, Aria screamed as she was totally pissed.

She unholstered her Great Axe, a weapon that didn't seem to fit her small build, and assumed a stance while gripping it.

With a burning anger lit in her eyes, while her hair was standing on end.

「It's a taunt. Calm down, Aria.」

The slim beauty Oruca, cut in on Aria while she glared at the demons with her cold eyes.

But, the Trident she was holding had aqua coloured waves swirling about intensely from within.

Though her thoughts were calm, on the inside she was just as furious.

「Ufufufufu. It seems that punishment for some naughty kids is needed from big sis here.」

Priscilla declared with a smile.

Though it wasn't particularly planned, the one sided words from the demons have succeeded in angering the easygoing Priscilla too.

Seeing that his comrades have also been angered, Toruneoto made his move and took a step forward.

Lightning raged across his body, showing his anger for him.

「Well wait up a little. I just had the best idea. You want to hear it don't you?」

Before the angered angels, was Carrera who spoke out without a care for the mood.

「Frankly, I got no interest in you guys at all.

There's that fool named Vega who's rampaging about over at that side, I got some business with him.

So, I'm going pass on you guys as well.」

Speaking as though this has already been accepted, was Carrera's suggestion.

To what Carrera has proposed,

「Ara? Are you sure about that, Carrera?」(Testa)

「Eh!? Then, does that mean we each get two of em?」(Ultima)

Were the jovial responses from Testa and Ul.

In contrast to that,

「Don't be underestimating us, lowly demon filth!!」

「Kill. Imma definitely kill you all!!」

「Fumu, looks like there's no other choice. I shall have to carve the painful truth into your bodies.」

「That just now, it got big sis all fired up.」

The members of the Executioners, were all painted red in anger.

Even among the heavenly armies, they were considered the most powerful existences, as members of the "Apostles of the End", and part of the combat specialized Executioners.

To be looked down upon to this level, was unexpected for them.

Even in their previous life as members under Yuuki's direct command, they were already the most capable members then.

Though they were not part of the rank battles in the empire, they had the confidence to be able to go toe to toe against the Royal Knights.

Having attained the powers of a Seraphim now, each of them have awakened to the Ultimate Skill『Master Weapon[2]』, and are confident that no being that walks the lands could be a worthy foe.

The weapons they each wield, is proof of their abilities.

A weapon said to be more powerful than any physically existing God class weapon. With that pride on the line, they have no intention of giving any quarter to the demons

「We bestow upon you all, death. That, is the wish of our creator, Velda-sama!!」

Together with Toruneoto's battle cry, the other members all moved in unison.

With their weapons on hand, they take their stance.

On the other hand, the demons....

「Awwright, the Axe and Spear for me!」

「Ara, is that so. Well, I don't really mind any of them.」

As though a child picking which toy to have fun with, Ultima voiced out who she intends to face.

She was fine so long as she gets someone to battle against, was Testarossa's reaction.

Though it is their attitude that is angering the angel side thus, this is but the norm for the demons.

「Kufufufufu. Now then, if you girls really get in a pinch, do call for help.

You poor girls will not be abandoned.」

「Like that'd ever happen!」

「Hmm, right. It seems there's a real need to settle things with you some day, Diablo.」

After the brief exchange, Diablo took off towards Rimuru without looking back.

As for Carrera,

「Kay then, I'll be making my move too. There won't be a need to leave your share right?」

「Yea. We'll make do with these fellas here.」(Testa)

「Un! Carrera, if you don't hurry, Gobuta's gonna end up getting all the best stuff ya know?」(Ultima)

「I'm fairly worried about that too. No matter what's said and done, you can't underestimate that guy.」

Carrera nods, while frowning.

Just as Ultima said, her reason for forgoing the angels was because worried Gobuta might end up actually defeating Vega.

Though her thoughts have been slightly revealed, there’s nothing she can do about it for the moment.

Vega has defiled her sacred duel. To Carrera that was something totally unforgivable.

Though it can't be helped if Gobuta really does defeat him, there's the part of her(Carrera) that wants to make him(Vega) pay back in spades for.

For that reason, Carrera left the current area promptly.

Similar to Diablo, she had totally no worries for her colleagues. As the ruling class of the Demons, she had the utmost confidence that victory will not elude them.

And thus――

Testarossa vs Toruneoto & Priscilla

Ultima vs Aria & Oruca

These two battles began.

………

……

…

The victor was decided almost instantly.

Letting his anger propel him, Toruneoto unleashed his most powerful attack『Lightning Bomber』.

But, that location was already under Testarossa's Ultimate Skill『Hell King Belial』's territory.

Lording over life and death, a Death Blade appeared in Testarossa's hand, and Toruneoto was split in two.

The『Lightning Bomber』attack from the War Hammer that was swung down, was caught by Testa's left hand, and was changing into a shining clump of energy.

But, Testa gripped the energy clump without any problems, and mixed in some of her own Magic.

Towards the crumpling remains of Toruneoto,

「You can have this back.」

She tossed that energy, which has turned into Superheated Plasma, with those parting words.

Flashes of light, compression, destruction.

Toruneoto perished, with next to nothing left of his former body.

Having lost her window to attack as Priscilla's timing was off, she was shocked at what happened.

「H-hiii!!」

She let out an involuntary scream.

Impossible. What just happened shouldn't have been possible.

The total Energy levels of both sides, though their Magical and Spiritual Power were of different natures, should have been at similar levels.

Despite that fact, the jarring difference in their battle prowess, just seemed downright absurd.

If there was little difference in total Energy levels, the side with a higher evolution should have the upper hand. Plus, they were battling 2 to 1 in their favour, thoughts of defeat never crossed their minds.

Priscilla's judgement of the situation was flipped over instantly.

In an overpowering display by the woman before her.

「Ara, what's wrong? Do come at me too.

I shall be your "gentle" opponent.」

The demon named Testarossa, slowly walked towards Priscilla, with a smile on her face.

「S-stop! Don't come any closer!! Big sis here apologizes. I'm apologizing alright?!」

「Ara? Weren't you the one who said something about punishment for bad kids?」

「I'm sorry, it was improper on my part!! Big sis here, was getting ahead of herself!![3]」

As Priscilla became frenzied, she broke down sobbing and screamed.

Her fighting spirit was broken at light speed.

One's calm thoughts halt in the face of monsters of unimaginable proportions.

Toruneoto was a reliable companion. He would be the one standing at the frontlines, giving his allies the support of a unyielding shield, no matter what kind of battle it was.

Even he, who was already so reliable, attained an "Angel's power", and has supposedly became incomparable to his past self....

Priscilla herself was no slouch and showed pride as one who is capable, but even she herself has noticed that she wasn't able to match Toruneoto, even if she battled with everything she had.

That strong companion Toruneoto, was insta-killed without any proper retaliation, right in front of her; it wasn't surprising Priscilla would fall into a state of panic.

「Ara ara. This makes it look like I'm bullying you doesn't it.

Now now, I promised to finish you all without suffering did I not?

It's really okay to be more reassured.」

At that moment, Priscilla could be considered lucky, as Testarossa was in a really good mood.

「P-please forgive me!! I promise to not go against your greatness anymore!

If you let me go, I'll give you anything, anything other than my life!!」

She looks down on Priscilla, who was truly begging for her life, sunk by her own fear; and made her decision.

「In that case, I'll take it then. Your "Angel's power", that is.

I shall let you go, in exchange for that.

Your emotions of fear, are absolutely delectable too.」

As amazingly rare as it is, Testarossa let Priscilla go, as she herself said.

What that showed, was simply her not dirtying her own hands, and couldn't care less whatever happened to Priscilla after this.

(The power of a Seraphim, this might turn out to be useful for Rimuru-sama.)

Having decided as such, she robs Priscilla of her "Angel's power", and left her be.

What was unexpected for Testa, was that she ended up getting the Ultimate Skill『Master Weapon』, which was supposed to be part of the "Angel's power".

The skill was then unified into『Hell King Belial』, and becomes the base for her to materialize a "Death Whip".

For Testarossa, who conducts herself as though a "Queen", this weapon was a great fit for her.

And so, the battle of, Testarossa vs Toruneoto & Priscilla, came to its end.

Priscilla was inelegantly crawling away, and left the battlefield.

At that time, what was unlucky for Priscilla, was her choice to meet up with Vega.

Now that she has lost her powers, she has decided on a course of action that could give her protection. Sadly, Vega was giving his attention to his battle, and checking who was his allies or enemies was the least of his priorities.

The result, was that Priscilla ended up getting devoured by Vega and perished, but that was something that was unrelated Testarossa's actions.

Similarly for Ultima, her battle ended quick and easy.

Using one hand to parry away Aria's flame clad Great Axe, she pierced Aria with a Bloody Bite.

That attack alone was fatal, and Aria perishes.

Oruca, who was shocked at what happened, lost sight of Ultima for a brief moment, and then suddenly from behind her,

「And, done!!」

Was what she heard.

At the same time, she felt a burning pain in her chest,

(Wha-? Eh!? Just when did she....!?)

And that, was Oruca's last thoughts.

The 2 of them, were slaughtered by the little girl Ultima, unable to even retaliate.

As there was no conversation whatsoever, she finished up even faster than Testarossa did.

For the 2 of them who were killed, having died without feeling any pain or fear could be said to be the only silver lining, if you could call it one.

Ultima unintentionally ended up doing what Diablo wanted.

The battle of, Ultima vs Aria & Oruca, ended near instantly after it began.

Moments later.

「Ya know, those fellas, weren't they too weak despite their Energy levels?」

「You're right. But, all this has been expected by Rimuru-sama.

Just having attained power, doesn't mean much as it is. We have just experienced that ourselves.

The thought that Angels would become more proficient given the time, is likely to be true.

.... But, just how much time that would take, is another matter altogether.」

「I know right! The difference between us and them can't be bridged that easily, coz we lived real long and got lots of experience!」

Such was the conversation between the two.

As predicted by Ciel, angels begin their growth after gaining their lost ego.

But, expectedly, tangible growth in short periods of time is impossible.

Even if they do gain human-like levels of ego, there will always be limits to individual souls.

Plus, the level of experience, would almost always pale in comparison to the demons.

The soul of a mere mortal, would never be able to bring out the true power of an angel, much less the highest Seraphim.

If it were at least a Saint, who has gained a fair amount of experience from being a mortal, then things would have been different....

Thus, the demons' battles end, Testa and Ul then began moving towards the next objective of defeating Vega.

* * *

[1] TN (Sushi): why'd the author describe her so much lol

[2] Guro: this chapter give us how to read the skill name, Kanji is Weapon Lord.

[3] TN (Sushi): imagines dogeza





Chapter 198: Gobuta & Karion vs The Four Fiends of the Heaven Commanders’ Vega


“I’m going to die-ssu! That one just now was considerably dangerous you know-ssu!!”

Karion let out a deep sigh while sending a sidelong glance at Gobuta who was running, trying to escape while screaming.

‘This guy, he’s clearly doing it intentionally!’ so Karion thought, as Gobuta repeatedly evaded Vega’s attacks at the last moment.

Yes certainly, if he was late by one beat, Gobuta would be hit by the magic bullets and die. There’s no doubt about it.

But, that’s only the case if he’s hit.

『Karion-san, take a half step to the right, and then jump slightly-ssu!』

Karion receives Gobuta’s instructions and followed them without hesitation.

He carried it out obediently without asking questions. This action hasn’t changed since the their special training with Milim.

Soon after moving according to those instructions, magic bullets hit the spot he was standing before, and the ground was gouged out by the magic bullets which bombarded his feet. Thankfully, there was no effect on Karion as he moved according to Gobuta’s instructions.

(As I expected, this guy is really a genius)

Karion cannot see it.

Even the aura bullet from before came flying faster than the speed of sound. The magic bullet was much quicker after being shot, despite it needing some time to knead magic power into the aura.

Evading them with sight is difficult. Karion thought not just that it might be impossible to dodge himself, but even more to give instructions to other people.

If was communicated using voice, then it would be impossible. Because before someone understood the content of the instructions, they would’ve received a direct hit from the attack.

That’s why Karion and Gobuta converse with『Telepathy』but......

How fast does someone have to think to be able to see through the enemy’s attack, movement, ascertain the kind of attack being used, then predicting the timing and the location of impact.

Karion was interested in how far Gobuta had forseen, as he could barely respond with super instinct ability that was beyond his imagination.

He remember the conversation happened when Gobuta arrived a little while ago.

「Karion-san, it will be bad if you are still like that-ssu. Can’t you use『Beastification[1]』just for a moment and immediately cancel it-ssu?」

He said such a thing.

Karion understood that he was in a dangerous situation as he more or less lost half of his body. However, he couldn’t understand the meaning of Gobuta’s words.

「Huh? You, what are you saying……?」

「It’s easy, you know-ssu. You just need to activate『Beastification』 and immediately tell your mind to cancel it-ssu!」

Although he didn’t understand the meaning, he carried it out just as Gobuta had said.

Because Gobuta is his bestie, he did it and matched Gobuta’s timing.

And then, an unbelievable thing happened.

In a moment, his ability rose tremendously and his body regenerated due to the effect of super restoration.

And, he should have transformed, but 『Beastification』 didn’t activated because he cancelled it.

In other words, only the recovery effect was activated. With the added bonus of his energy recovering about half by taking in the surroundings’ magic essence.

(Haaaaaa!? What the hell is this!!)

Karion was astonished.

He didn’t clearly understand what happened, but was certain he was able to recover while keeping『Beastification』.

「Wow, as expected from Karion-san, you’re able to do it in one try-ssu!

In case you failed I had a Full Potion-ssu, but with potions-su your energy wouldn’t restore right-ssu.

How is it, convenient right? I also taught this to Gabil-san, I’m overjoyed-ssu!」

Gobuta said those words.

In other words, it’s possible for people who possess transformation type abilities to receive the complete recovery effect by canceling the transformation at the right time.

‘How can you know this without a transformation ability!!’ so Karion wanted to ask Gobuta, but he needed to act rationally now and strongly endured it.

Anyway, right now it’s time for him to defeat Vega.

(Actually, that guy looks like a bad joke……)

While Karion thought so, he kept avoiding Vega’s attacks by following Gobutas’ instructions.

Vega felt that he had never before been made a fool by a Hobgoblin, who impudently came to support his opponent.

It’s so weak to the extent that it would die if I hit it with one bullet.

His opponent is only a small and weak devil class with a meager amount of magic power whose barely surpass A rank.

His attacks couldn’t hit this opponent.

(Shit! Stop messing around!!)

He violently throws out the aura bullets without refining them against the ground.

The aura bullets explode on the ground, blowing the earth and sand to the sky.

(Humph! With this I’ve deprived them of their sight. You insolent trash!!)

Hidden by the raised dust, Vega molds an extra-large magic bullet. And then, against his targets who have their sight deprived from them, he releases his sure kill attack.

The large magic bullet goes on while blowing away the dust.

However, he notices that the presence of his targets disappeared right before the large magic bullet hit them.

（――！？）

Vega’s question was answered by a short sword stabbing his flank.

「Waa! It’s so tough-ssu. My hand that tried to stab him became numb-ssu!」

That damn impudent goblin seems to have sensed the place where magic power was refined beyond the blockage of the dust and at the same time tried to stop it.

Gobuta didn’t immediately utilize the smokescreen and attack. Instead, he completely suppressed his presence and slipped into Vega’s bosom under the cover of the earth and sand.

「Don’t make fun of me, you lowly goblin!!」

Vega who’s enraged, shouts so.

But, Gobuta without panicking,

「Ooh, you have mistaken-ssu. I’m a Hobgoblin-ssu!」

So, Gobuta corrected Vega’s statement in a cheerful manner.

Vega’s mind is boiling with anger due to Gobuta making fun of him

But, that state of mind is a reaction that Gobuta expected...... Karion who had been forgotten by Vega, who can’t think straight because of anger, is getting closer to Vega while suppressing his presence.

Then,

「Die, Beast Roar!」

Vega who nearly attacked Gobuta at that moment received a direct hit from Karion without being able to react.

Gobuta splendidly made Vega dance in his palm.

It’s a deadly blow from the Lion King Karion, not just surface-grazing power. Half of Vega’s body had been blown off by the magic particle cannon.

However, even in such conditions, this isn’t a serious problem for Vega.

Because his auto-recovery ability activates immediately, his body simply starts regenerating.

The problem was the inferior race, a hobgoblin, who was currently leading him around by the nose for no good.

「Damnnnnn!! I will not forgive this, you inferior insect trashhhh!!」

So Vega shouted.

He’s already wanting to smash it with all of his power.

His eyes burn with anger, there’s no longer any fragment of his pride to prevent him from doing things seriously, or make him underestimate weak opponents.

Vega, for the first time, recognized Gobuta as his opponent.

At the same time Vega recognized Gobuta as an enemy, he regained his calm train of thought.

He changed his thoughts, ‘If it was an enemy he himself recognized then he was not made a fool of, it’s just a great opponent’.

「Kukkuku. Is that so? That’s right. Yours truly wouldn’t have much trouble against a mere goblin.

You’re pretending to be a goblin, but you’re not actually an ordinary one, something like that right?!」

Vega revealed a thought that he himself agreed with, while laughing.

Karion looked on with eyes that said ‘What is this guy talking about?” and ignored him, Vega then continues.

「But…… Yours truly doesn’t have a bad eyes. Your true abilities have been seen through easily!!

Well now! You should reveal your true colors quickly! Yours truly will destroy you!!」

Saying so, he pointed his finger at Gobuta.

To Vega, who said such a thing,

「Huu, good grief-ssu. If it’s been seen through then there’s no other choice-ssu.

Okay-ssu. I will show you-ssu! My true form!!」

Gobuta’s playing along well.

And while acting like that,

『Well then, without any delay. Karion-san, get behind him and fire another one-ssu!』

Gobuta gave out the most cowardly instructions to Karion.

Even so, Karion didn’t have any reason to object to it.

He left Gobuta, who was saying his catchphrase and for some reason taking a strange pose, to sneak around behind Vega.

「 “Star Lord” Ranga, it’s your turn-ssu! Activated『Star Wolf Summon』!!

『Right now-ssu!!』

See this carefully! “Transform”!!」

Gobuta shouts, and in an instant, Ranga jumps out of the shadow.

(Well well, I’m tired of waiting you know, Gobuta)

(Well~ it takes time to reach the climax you know-ssu!)

Vega hadn’t imagined such exchanges happening.

Vega looked at Gobuta, with a surprised and delighted expression, as Gobuta was wrapped in light and the appearance of a huge amount of magic power was fused with him.

Karion, who had done with his preparations, fired out a Beast Roar at Vega’s back.

Alas, it has no effect on Vega even though he had already been hit by it many times. Even the holes in his body got healed in an instant.

He shoots it with the maximum power, but even the 1 decimeter wide flash didn’t seem to burn Vega completely.

It’d be the same even if he did it with Diffusion Roar.

He’s able to understand that the result wouldn’t change, even if 9 magic particle cannons were fired at the same time, it wouldn’t stop Vega from recovering.

He understood it now.

Vega wasn’t really doing things seriously.

Karion shot his technique according to Gobuta’s instructions, Vega already received more than three direct hits as he was careless due to the smokescreen and his aura bullets.

Thanks to that, Karion’s energy was about to run out. Because the timing for the skill he learnt a while ago was difficult, restoration wasn’t an option, it has a low success rate so it can’t be expected much.

Above all,

「It cannot be used many times-ssu. Because it is absorbing the magic essence from the surroundings-ssu, the concentration of the magic essence will get thinner and eventually the restoration won’t happen-ssu.

If someone powerful like Rimuru-sama or Veldora-san did it, who have much of their own magic power, such worry is not needed…..」

Because of that.

Karion could certainly understand that it’s not a technique that could be abused.

Meanwhile, what’s the purpose of attacking so many times while knowing that it’s useless?

At first even Karion questioned it, he was able to understand the purpose a bit now.

Vega was looking down on them and never going seriously. With that, his weaknesses can be analyzed by attacking him from various angles and positions.

And Gobuta wonderfully provoked the self-conceit Vega by showing off that weakness and taking the role as the decoy.

(Splendid, As expected of Gobuta……

If we used full power from the start, then we wouldn’t have been able to draw information smoothly up to now……)

Karion praises Gobuta’s strategy honestly.

But, the result was only this dangerous feeling he got, that was, Vega didn’t have a weakness.

Vega had taken root in the ground and absorbed the nourishment from it.

And he’d take in the organic matters such as corpses and plants to made up his body. The only saving grace was how it seems he’s unable to use inorganic substance for his body.

The battlefield continued spreading, and so new corpses are being mass-produced on the ground.

It was possible for Vega to restore his body near limitlessly.

Karion bit his mouth and thought unpleasantly, as he saw that the wound he just gave to Vega was quickly restored.

However, in front of Karion and Vega, the light which came from Gobuta became jet black fog that was cladding Gobuta inside it.

‘Transform!’ so Gobuta’s voice reached Karion’s ears.

Then――

What appeared was the figure that Karion had witnessed several times during their special training before.

This is the combined state of Gobuta and the Black Storm Star Wolf, Ranga, in this form Gobuta has energy levels comparable to an awakened Demon Lord[2].

In other words, gathering the information was done. From now on, it was the real performance.

『Karion-san, please move back and refine your aura-ssu!

I request one big shot-ssu, on my signal!』

『But, I’m already out of energy.

Unfortunately, I can’t shoot anymore……』

『What are you saying! You still have『Dragon Body』don’t you-ssu?

With that, please pour all your magic power in that one shot–ssu!』

Karion steels himself.

It’s his trump card, but it will not mean anything if he didn’t use it.

If not right now, then when will he use it?

『Understood. I will use it, but it only has a 10 minute duration, is that good?』

『Ehh!? Wasn’t it 3 minutes before-ssu!? As expected from you-ssu!

But, I intend to end this battle with a huge one.

Don’t worry about what happens later, let’s go with a bang-ssu!』

Gobuta, cheery to the end, said it with a carefree tone like he wasn’t worried about anything at all.

Karion can’t help but smile wryly to Gobuta’s cheerfulness, which blew away even his worries.

『Gotcha. I’ll leave it to you!!』

The conversation ended with Karion’s reply as the last.

And with Vega, who became serious, Gobuta’s true battle has begun.

A Vega who became serious, was strong.

「Guhaahhahahaha!!

For yours truly to play seriously, you should feel honored!」

「Ehhh, that’s my line-ssu!!」

Both of them clashed.

With just that, they made the surroundings’ air vibrate and made explosions occur.

It’s a clash of pure energy

It was an exchange of supernatural powers beyond Karion’s imagination.

Ultimate Skill『Evil Dragon Lord Azi Dahaka』 possessed the ability to manipulate organic matter.

He constitutes his body with an aggregation of very small bacteria. Thus, he can freely regenerate himself.

Even acquiring new abilities by predation thanks to imitating the structure of his prey, this he can freely use too.

He was an existence that should be called an Imitation Slime (Pseudo-Artificial man-made Slime) which Yuuki created.

He had taken the characteristic of various creatures and added improvements to the original, allowing him to use it efficiently.

What he let out on the surface was only a small part of him which transformed into a humanoid form, while his main body stays hidden.

In other words, beyond what’s standing on the surface, everything is connected to the ground, so it’s possible to replenish himself without limit.

And, not only his detached kin whom he give a simple order like the evil dragon beasts from before, he can create several clones of himself.

His clones have all of his abilities.

But, because there’s a limit to his ability to control a person, they have the weakness that they can’t perform a complicated action even if he commanded them at the same time.

Vega knew this well, so he was only using the ability to regenerate himself and stopped making evil dragon beasts which could only take simple orders.

However, this usage of the ability didn’t make use of the true capabilities of『Evil Dragon Beast Azi Dahaka』.

Ultimate Skill『Evil Dragon Beast Azi Dahaka』

　　…Thought Acceleration, Parallel Thought, Organic Matter Control

Duplication Mass Produce, Ability Absorption, Space Control, Multidimensional Barrier.

Those are the full contents of this ability.

A dreadful ability, with very high performance .

It was an ability that could be strengthened to the utmost if someone could master it.

If someone could master it……

Unfortunately Vega didn’t have many experiences after he was born.

He grew up at a dreadful speed and his capability rose, but he didn’t get to master his abilities.

If he was able to master Parallel Thought, he might be able to control two or more main bodies, even if there was a restriction of standing on the surface.

Such threat would be unimaginable, but that was just an assumption.

In the reality, Vega couldn’t master it.

And so, Gobuta saw it through accurately.

He used his own body as a decoy, making Vega careless, and succeed in landing several strikes on Vega.

Knowing the ability of the enemy when fighting with full power; will directly connect to a life or death situation.

Gobuta had been taught that he should use his trump card only after he’s finished analyzing the enemy’s power as much as possible.

―― The combat experience of the absolute master who Gobuta respected, the Great Demon Lord Rimuru, was the proof for this.

As the most senior subordinate, Gobuta always witnessed Rimuru’s fights.

It was carved in his heart, that what was most important, above anything else, was information.

Therefore――

With Karion’s cooperation, He judged that he had gathered enough information.

With Vega’s characteristics, which were informed by Rimuru, and the sensation that he felt when he fought him before.

The answer went out naturally as he compared and matched the details.

The memory and ego seem to transferred to the main body even if the part seen on the surface was erased. His regeneration is near infinite as long as he’s connected with the ground.

But when the temporary main body disappears and disconnected with the ground, there was some time lag that occurred during the memory and consciousness transfer.

In other words, Vega’s true main body is in the ground. No, he thought that there’s a possibility that Vega would not be able to transfer the memory and consciousness if he vanishes at a place separated from the ground.

(What a troublesome opponent-ssu. Even so, he’s not invincible-ssu!)

He finished analyzing most of the enemy’s abilities, Gobuta was convinced of victory.

「Then, I’m going-ssu!!」

He spoke to encourage himself and Ranga, so Gobuta went full power combat mode.

Vega admired the high fighting power of Gobuta.

Much like when he guessed before that this goblin was not an ordinary one, Vega trembled with joy.

Vega was defeated overwhelmingly in a contest of speed.

The power is on par with him, no, it seems to surpass him slightly.

But, Vega was still able to continue thanks to his marvelous recovery power.

He steadily amplifies his power. If he could steal his enemies abilities, his power would rise sharply in an instant.

Therefore, the stronger the enemy is, the stronger he can be.

He was convinced that the Ultimate Skill『Evil Dragon Lord Azi Dahaka』that he obtained was certainly the ultimate invincible ability.

「Guhaahahahahaha!! You’re pretty good. As expected from the man recognized by yours truly!」

Gobuta ignored Vega’s praises.

(Ranga-san, be ready for it soon, please your help-ssu!)

(Kukukku. Very well, I understand!)

That is because it’s almost over.

Vega got cocky before he himself recognized the real threat, he now understood that he needed to fight seriously.

And he was correct.

「Vega-san, unfortunately-ssu, it’s my victory-ssu!」

「As if, for a goblin, no I admit that you’re strong and I can’t think of you as a goblin.

But, yours truly is still the strongest, you still have a long way to go――」

「Is that so-ssu? Then, is it okay for those to be your last words-ssu?

Oh yeah, I will correct you once again Vega-san before you die-ssu, I’m a Hobgoblin you know-ssu!」

「――what!?」

Gobuta and Vega locked onto each other.

Vega’s bacteria began its corrosion effect attack and preyed on Gobuta, but all of it was blocked by the Demon Wind Barrier of Ranga which clad Gobuta’s body.

The magic power of the wind has deadly corrosion and decaying effects which destroyed Vega’s bacteria.

Gobuta declared the end to Vega who was irritated he couldn’t eat him.

Immediately after that, Gobuta and Vega soared up into the sky due to the wind’s power.

All the corpses and vegetations on the ground were rolled up to the sky.

It’s the effect of Ranga’s power which allow him to freely manipulate the atmosphere. The ground became a cleared surface due to the corrosion effect of the wind, all of the germs crawling on the ground and all of organic matter were ejected to the sky.

「Yo, you! It, it can’t be, yours truly’s ability is――!?」

「Ohhh, seeing you panic so much, did I hit the bull’s-eye-ssu?」

“Death Heralding Wind” included both “Storm of Destruction” and “Lightning of Destruction”.

「Guoooooooo!! Damn you, stop it!! Stop it right now!!」

Vega shouts, but Gobuta didn’t stop.

Because he has no reason to stop.

「It’s a joke, I only gathering Vega-san’s existence-ssu!」

He lightly gathered up all of organic matter into a big sphere.

A huge black storm sphere is completed, and Vega who is inside is being shredded to small pieces by the blades of wind and by the small thunder balls made of lightning.

He was gave in to flow of the winds.

「Karion-san, are you ready-ssu?」

「Yes, sorry for the wait!『Dragon Body』!!」

At Gobuta’s signal, Karion activated his ability.

And,

「I only need to shoot a huge one at that sphere right?」

「That’s right-ssu, please-ssu!!」

Karion noded.

For the perfect setting, a smile appeared on his lips.

(As expected from Gobuta. I’m really glad that he’s an ally.)

And he poured all of the magic power he refined into his Byakko-Seiryuu Lance.

Then, imagining the figure of his master, Milim.

Her overwhelming destructive power which destroyed the sacred mountain of the Beast Kingdom “Yuurazania”, his homeland, that――

「Stop it, you damn insects!! Stop――」

「Here I go! Eat this!! Dragon Roar!!」

A massive flash of light pierces the black storm ball which Gobuta controls.

The destructive energy is devastating.

It was an ultimate secret technique that Karion invented while thinking of mimicking Milim’s Dragon Nova.

The direct hit of the Dragon Roar set off the small thunder balls inside the black storm sphere with a chain reaction of explosions.

And then, it became one huge explosion sphere.

The super-high temperature of the discharged plasma burnt all of Vega’s bacteria into nothing.

Only a vast empty land remained later.

It was a landslide victory thanks to the combined technique of Gobuta & Karion.

　−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−

Faraway, where the black storm ball explosion could barely be seen, a person slowly begins to get up.

That person is the Vega who should have been destroyed just now.

「That was dangerous, really dangerous……

But, in the end it’s my victory.

Yours truly still can be stronger. As long as there’s『Evil Dragon Lord Azi Dahaka』, I’m invincible!!」

Vega smiled with a broad grin and laughed.

While thinking that it was the right decision to have left a clone as an insurance.

It was possible for him to transfer his memory and consciousness at the last second to the clone he had left behind.

He hasn’t been able to master his ability yet, but there’s no doubt that he will become the strongest existence when he finally masters his ability.

That’s right, he believes that even the “Stellar Dragon King” Veldanava would kneel on his feet soon.

「You seemed to enjoy yourself―――― I found you.

It’s as what Rimuru-sama had said.

He thought that a coward like you would surely do this.」

Vega didn’t doubt his evolution or his being the strongest, until he heard a cold voice from behind.

But reality wouldn’t permit him that.

Vega begun to feel himself floating.

It’s too late, when he finally noticed he was up in the air far from the ground.

Vega was already trapped and isolated from the surrounding ground by a huge barrier.

「Die, you lowlife!! “Abyss Annihilation”!!」

Exceeding the explosion from before, the energy of destruction trampled upon the inside of the barrier.

「――Gyaa, pulisuhu shopu――――――」

This honest plead for mercy, the first time in his life Vega had let out, didn’t reach Carrera.

As if she had heard something filthy from a lowlife, Carrera annihilated everything without mercy.

Like this, Vega, one of the Four Fiends of the Heaven Commanders, received his complete “death”.

* * *

[1] I’ll go with Beastification for it.

[2] Well, Ranga is a Demon Lord after all XD





Chapter 199: Rimuru Disappearance[1]


After leaving Diablo and Co. behind, I blitzed towards where Milim was.

Milim's furious attacks, rained down upon the silver haired angel.

Each and every one of those attacks were deflected away by the shield of "Castle Guard".

Thinking back, when Rudra used the ability, I don't seem to recall it being able to deflect or reflect attacks....

《It is possible that the ability was originally meant to be a "commander" type skill.

As it was a skill used by someone who didn't need to directly attack, there was no need for that effects.

Chances are, alterations are being made to the skill by that person.

Making changes as required by the situation, you could think of it as something more "flexible" now.》

(Hmm? You mean, she has an ability that’s similar to yours?)

《――mmm.

Though there's no way to say for sure, the possibility that it may be an evolved skill cannot be denied either.》

Fumu.

If it really is an evolved skill then this isn't all too unbelievable.

But if that's the case, the silver haired angel would be the avatar of 『Justice King Michael』's ego.

If Rudra losing control really was caused by intervention from Justice King Michael, this might not be impossible after all.

The problem now, would be how capable it is.

If it had calculation power and freedom that is on par with Ciel, it would make for a pretty nasty opponent to deal with.

(What do you think? Is it an existence on the same level as you?)

《Fu. As if.》

Woah!?

Did Ciel-sensei just totally deny that statement?

Plus, that haughtiness. Makes me wonder where she learned how to show such expressions.

Also she seems to be somehow giving off an air of belittling the opposition. It kinda feels like the aura of some bigshot.

Somehow, that feels mighty reassuring.

Well, I understood what Ciel was trying to say. "Don't lump me in together with 'that'!" would be it.

(Does that mean, you know how to neutralize opponents that have "Castle Guard"?)

I tried probing without expectations,

《Of course. Regarding that, I have put together a plan.》

She nonchalantly replies, quite matter of factly.

I had no words for how amazing she is.

Could it be, that I'm actually kinda unneeded? Though such thoughts ran through the back of my head, that is definitely not the case.

This is where I need to protect my dignity, and humbly accept the facts.

(I wouldn't expect any less. I believed! Always believed you'd easily crack this "Castle Guard" problem!)

Regardless of what I "believed", this was an ability that Velda would have had anyway, which we would be able to overcome by eliminating Velda's underlings. That was what I thought anyway.... At this point, it's not much of an issue now.

Since we can neutralize her, it's a good idea to quickly restrain that silver haired angel.

Trusting Ciel, I went ahead and landed right in front of the silver haired angel, a.k.a Lucia.

At the moment I stood before her, she turned her attention to me.

Showing perfect composure, even while she's being attacked by Milim.

「My my, if it isn't demon lord Rimuru. I have been notified of your existence.

The fool who dares oppose Velda-sama.

Also, the nuisance of a demon lord, who dares to get in my way.」

「Hmm? That's an honour. Now then, just what are you?

An angel, or.... Justice King Michael's ego?」

It was fine if she didn't answer, I only asked as a "formality" of sorts.

It was on the level of getting some information, depending on how she reacts.

「Seems like a self introduction would be proper.

I, I am the one who has been bestowed the name "Lucia" from Velda-sama.

As you have guessed, I was borne from Ultimate Skill『Justice King Michael』.

Perhaps you would understand if I were to call myself "Manas"....

Let's just say, an ultimate existence of sorts.」

She showed a mysterious smile from her beautiful face, as she said her piece.

So the silver haired angel's identity, is Manas: Lucia.

But Manas, huh....

I was honestly surprised, that Manas other than Ciel-sensei were born.

《This is unpleasant. So this is the emotion of "displeasure".》

Ciel mumbled, seemingly in a bad mood.

Maybe she is feeling unhappy about the fact that there is another existence which could possibly be equal to herself.

But looking at her, she's really starting to understand how emotions work now. I guess this is something amazing, but I don't really get the point.

Well, there's no doubt it would be pretty amusing to have a conversation with her now.

Just as I was thinking that,

《How dare she look down on Master, that lowly Manas!》

That's what you're concerned about!?

I almost took a jab at her out of reflex there.

Also, "that lowly Manas", aren't you one yourself!?

She seems to be ignoring that fact, and feels like she has passed the point of being displeased to being fairly pissed, at Lucia.

「Lucia, huh. So, what are you up to?

Are you enraging Milim, so as to dominate her?」

「Fufufu, so you have the minimal ability to understand that much.

That is exactly it. Milim-sama, is the great Velda-sama's daughter.

After the destruction of the world with her "cooperation", she is the being most suited to become the "Mother of the New World"!

For that purpose, her trifle memories are unneeded.

Those filthy memories of this world, should be returned to nothingness.

And you, are the greatest representative of this "filth". An existence that should be cleansed.

I should give you credit though, for noticing what was happening here.

But, it is already too late.

――this should be about enough now.

Time for you to perish, vile demon lord.

Destroy that demon lord, Milim-sama! Regalia Dominion!!」

Fumu.

So that, really was what they were aiming for. Just as predicted by Ciel.

Milim, who was clobbering Lucia's "Castle Guard" with fists enchanted with unreal amounts of magic, took a direct hit from "King's Rule" and froze in place.

――or so that's what it looked like.

(Hey, isn't that just an act?)

《No doubts about that. From what has been analyzed earlier, Milim・Nava is still in total control of her emotions.》

Though it looks pretty realistic, it's kinda obvious that it's all an act.

She looked pretty happy when she saw me too, she also removed the Dragon Knuckles that I gave her as a present, so as not to damage them....

The best evidence, would be that if she really has lost her sanity, she'd attack us too without provocation, which hasn't happened at all.

On that point, she's a really bad actor.

Though she seems really confident that she hasn't been found out, that's still pretty naive for her.

But, this is where I should play along with her ploy.

「Ge, geh!! Milim just got dominated!!」

《....that, is just too exaggerated, Master――》

I got penalized by Ciel for that.

Seems like I'm not much of a better actor myself.

Seeing as I was going to have to deal with someone who had inherited Justice King Michael's abilities anyway, I went ahead and prepared some measures against domination type abilities beforehand.

Which naturally, has been disseminated to not just Milim, but all of the other demon lords as well.

This is pretty obvious already, as this ain't a game of chess we're playing here, having our fallen allies become enemies is really annoying to deal with.

As a countermeasure, I went and got Guy to teach us the『Mind Power』technique.

What this『Mind Power』does, is that it simply lets us awakened demon lord class beings resist abilities such as "King's Rule" as long as the being in question isn't under heavy pressure; this even has Ciel's seal of approval.

This technique has an almost equal level of performance as Ciel's “Mind Protect”.

That was why, if it was under normal circumstances there wouldn't even be a need to worry.... But if Milim really did lose her sanity, things would obviously be different.

Here I was expecting the worst and hurried over.

Only to be needlessly worrying myself.

It seems like Milim has a plan of some sort, and I’ve no need to worry that she's going to fall under the control of "King's Rule".

I'll listen to what she is planning to do later, time to decide how to deal with Lucia.

Ciel did say she has a plan to get around that "Castle Guard", seems like things will end without too much trouble.

Those were my intentions when I began "hostilities" with Milim....

But that Milim, came at me for real. As I could see she was grinning, I knew that she was doing this purposefully.

She may have wanted to fight me for real.

How "troublesome" this has become.

Milim drew her sword, and began her assault unto me, I too drew my katana and received her attack.

Sparks flew as we furiously exchanged blows. I couldn't even see her movements in the past, so I was honestly surprised with myself now that I have breathing space.

If it was the old me, I would have been left numb from just receiving a single attack, which would have also greatly drained my stamina.

Now there was no difference in the level of our weapons, and I have simply powered up physically. As expected of a body that is similar to that of a "True Dragon".

I have now become able to battle evenly, even against Milim's absurdly violent strength.

For a bystander looking at us, our furious exchanges would look as though we are going at it seriously.

But, I could tell.

That even Milim hasn't put in any real effort, not yet.

Just as I have one, Milim too, has what you would call a "Magic Generator" that can be used as a Status Booster.

For me, it would be the void energies of『Void God Azathoth』's “Turn Null”. Said energy would be regulated from within the void space, it is then possible to "inject" that energy into my body.

As my body is mostly made up of Magic Essence, that means I would power up if there was more Energy.

It works similarly for Milim.

Having reached a similar level, I now felt like I could understand the secrets to what was previously seen as unreasonable.

Well that should be the gist of it, and as we were battling it out with our techniques....

『Are we connected now, I wonder.... Hey Rimuru, can you hear me?』

I received a telepathic message suddenly.

Seems like, Milim has been trying to establish a “Secret Telepathy” connection with me, all while still in combat with me.

That is another form of telepathic communication, as Milim wasn't connected to me via the "Soul Corridor", she needed to "run a line through" so to speak, if she wanted to use it.

It was also possible with the normal directional telepathic messaging, but the danger of the message being heard by unwanted third parties would increase.

To summarize, if you wanted to make use of “Secret Telepathy”, it would take some time and preparation.

It seems like Milim has been pretty cautious for awhile now, so as not to let her movements be picked up by our enemies.

This is all still under the pretext that she was dominated, and also still very enraged.

『Yep I can hear you. So how long should I keep up with this act of yours?』

『Wahahahaha! As expected of Rimuru, so you noticed.

When you went「Ge,geh!! Milim just got dominated!!」just now, I got real worried that you actually thought I was dominated you know!』

Ouu....

That exaggerated reaction of mine was taken for real it seems.

Looks like I really underestimated how simple Milim is.

『That ain't it! Wasn't it really obvious, and very purposeful!?』

『Eh!? Ah, right. That's right, I totally noticed that yea!

――anyways, enough of that.

Back to business, I got a favor to ask. Frey and her underlings went and got beaten by Lucia's flunkies earlier.

Though I don't think it's anything worrying, can you go tend to them? 』

『Nn? Got it.』

And Milim tried to cover up her "blunder".

I overlooked that with my magnanimous heart.

So, before I arrived, Frey and some guards were defeated. Maybe Milim used that as her "reason" for getting enraged.

They probably aren't as injured as Milim made them out to be, as she had already said.

(Diablo, can you hear me?)

(Yes, Rimuru-sama.)

(Before supporting me, go tend to Frey and co.'s wounds.)

(Then, I shall delegate the task to Testa and the others.

As of now, I have just received the message that the 4 other angels have been dealt with.)

Eh, already? That's way too fast!

Aren't those 4 angels, on par with awakened demon lords....

More like, it's somewhat troubling that I could only think of the awakened demon lord class as a comparison. As I am now, any single awakened demon lord isn't even a threat.

This might just be what Veldora-san's point of view is like. This almost justifies him letting it get to his head, going around picking fights with any other being.

Not like I would go around doing something as childish as that, neither do I need to.

(Is that so, I'll leave that to you then. So, are you heading to my position then?

(Yes. I am by your side, while totally hiding my presence!)

(Alright then, standby as you are for now. Don't be letting that angel Lucia sense your presence.)

(Of course!)

Fumu.

Now that I think about it. Seems like Ciel has noticed his presence, but I don't notice him if I don't concentrate on him.

Guess I should have Diablo standby in case something actually happens.

『Looks like there aren't any problems. I got a report from one of my underlings.』

『Is that so, thanks!』

I gave Milim a reply.

A report from Testa came in, stating Frey and co. are all fine.

As I was communicating with Milim, we were exchanging blows at the same time.

Though it was an exchange between a sword and a katana, we were flying around and really shifting the ground around us. As we were moving around with quite a bit of force, to onlookers it was really flashy.

And towards me, Lucia has been launching magic attacks every so often.

It's obvious she can attack, during the short pauses when "Castle Guard" isn't in use.

Would I be able to make a move on her if I manage to work out the timing?

《Unfortunately, as it works automatically, my prediction would be that the defenses would be prioritized.》

That much was obvious huh.

On that point, she's making more efficient use of the ability than Rudra did.

She's the Manas borne from the actual skill anyway, this much should be nothing for her.

What a troublesome opponent to deal with.

『That angel, she's getting annoying. But, I kinda want to earn her trust somehow.』

『Hah? Why would you need that? She *is* troublesome, but her attacks are being blocked, which is why we're ignoring her right?』

『You know....

She spouted some "Velda is my father, "Stellar Dragon King" Veldanava".

I was thinking, I need to dole out some punishment for her insolence.』

Here I was thinking she wanted to get Lucia to lower her guard as she had no means of beating her as is, instead she was thinking of something else altogether.

After hearing the details, she intends to work out the unknown location of our enemy, and defeating "him" instead.

It's true, that in this great war, there isn't much meaning even if we manage to be victorious on all fronts. We still needed to deal with the root of the problem which is Velda.

Even if we did defeat the Four Fiends of the Heaven Commanders and get the strategic victory, it's still defeat for us if Velda manages to get away.

『I get your point, your aim is to earn Lucia's trust, so you can travel to where Velda is.』

That makes much more sense now.

This was a logical plan, the type that you would expect from Milim. This was why she isn't one to be underestimated.

《There is only one problem with your plan. As we have no idea how powerful Velda is, your safety isn't guaranteed.》

That, was my only concern.

Although Milim is one of the most powerful among us Demon Lords, isn't it still too dangerous for her to head into the heart of enemy territory alone?

『Wahahahaha! Fret not. You can leave it to me to pinpoint the location.

In other words. I'm gonna be a Spy!

I have studied, just for a moment like this! Stop worrying!』

Ahh, thinking back a little, she *was* watching a movie that was somewhat relevant....

It was part of an experiment to crystallize the footage from my memories into a "film"; it was that movie from my memories, the one we extracted then.

Milim was among them, the ones whose eyes were sparkling, which were also glued to the screen watching the story that was filled with riveting spy action[2].

Ahh, she ended up picking up some fairly unneeded knowledge.

But, if you think about it, this is an unexpectedly good plan for our current situation.

It's best to discuss the itty bitty details, and decide on our course of action.

But, before that....

(Ciel, *that* is getting annoying, I want to disable Lucia first.)

《Understood. Then――》

As per Ciel's explanation, I pieced together the relevant abilities in my head.

And then,

「You've been getting really annoying since earlier on, time for you to learn who's in charge here!!」

I intimidated Lucia with something suitable.

Reading the situation, Milim also faked being blown away by a swing from my katana, and entered a state of not getting in my way.

She's doing great there.

Looking down upon Lucia, I thrust my right hand forward.

There was actually no need for this movement, but theatrics are still important.

「Fufufu. You won't be able to penetrate my defenses no matter what you do.

This is where the true worth of "Castle Guard" really lies.」

「Is that so. But, let's see if you can still say the same after receiving this.」

After saying that, I began channeling『Void God Azothoth』's “Turn Null” energies onto my right hand, and maintaining control of it.

This was a lot harder to control that what I previously thought it would be.

This stuff, would cause a massive explosion if i were to release it as it is. This ain't the kind of stuff that's practically usable without Ciel's support.

After seeing the ultra compressed energy mass, there was an obvious change in expression even for Lucia.

Even if she would be unharmed, there was no doubt the remainder of the angels army would get annihilated though.

「You fiend, it's pointless for you to do that!!

Even if you were to turn the surroundings into a wasteland, it won't accomplish anything――」

「Silence, I get to decide if there's a point in doing this.

Now are you done with your prayers before the afterlife? Bye! Offensive Barrier "Eternal Pain"!!」

With the channeled energies, I activated a certain spell combination, shutting the screaming Lucia up.

As experimented from before, activating magic using this energy instead of the normal elemental magic results in multiple times the usual resulting output.

Such a spell, constructed using the ridiculous output of the ‘Turn Null’ energies, headed towards Lucia.

As she had utter confidence in her defenses, this was a major blunder for her.

The spell successfully made contact with Lucia, without any resistance.

Obviously, explosions or other direct forms of damage would not cause even a scratch whatsoever on Lucia.

But.... There was no need to cause damage to Lucia in the first place.

As per Ciel, this is what you would call "a change of perspective".

《There are no doubts that ANY kind of attack would have absolutely no effect.

That ability activates an "Impregnable" effect.

No matter what kind of attack it is, all known effects that cause "damage" would be shut out.

Which means――》

Simply, be it a nuke or poison, regardless of the damage it would inflict, all of that stuff would be blocked.

Even if I made use of『Void God Azothoth』and launched a high output attack, even if it was an attack that could destroy the stars, Lucia would survive in the end.

She would survive even if she was in outer space.

Well, that's also including the fact that she doesn't need to eat or breath as she is an angel which is a spiritual entity, such logic wouldn't work for Rudra who is human.

To sum it up, the fact is, there are no real means to "defeat" her as of now.

But, that doesn't mean there are no loopholes.

"Castle Guard", with its highly reflexive nature, limits the user's actions while active; this can be seen as a demerit of the ability.

For example, "Castle Guard" would activate and defend its user from say a sneak attack when the user is attacking something else, the user's own attack would get cancelled as well during that instance.

To sum it up, "Castle Guard" gets full priority.

So much to the point, that it puts a restriction on even simple movement.

Rudra, was totally restricted on movement when "Castle Guard" was active. But as expected of Lucia, she is capable of walking and simple flight, but that was the limit for her.

So I made use of that property.

I surrounded Lucia, with an offensive barrier that when triggered will constantly attack, limited to within a fixed space.

With my "Space Time Control" ability, fixing the coordinates for the barrier was a piece of cake.

So what happens? When you apply an offensive trigger, within a barrier?

The answer is simple.

Lucia would be restricted where she is, with "Castle Guard" constantly active.

And the space around the barrier is locked as an extra effect, so her movement is also effectively restrained.

With the space time properties added in, the effects would be sustained for a few hundred years. For such a simple barrier, the effects were pretty broken.

Well, a fair amount of energy was poured into the spell.

For me or Veldora, it would be possible to break through such a barrier with brute force if we don't mind taking some damage, but for someone who has "Castle Guard" forcefully activated constantly, this becomes a different story.

Lucia too understands, that if she were to deactivate "Castle Guard", she would no doubt take a concentrated barrage of damage for doing so.

The plan to totally restrain her has succeeded.

It is unknown if she is able to deactivate "Castle Guard" manually or not, but in the event she does deactivate it and break through the offensive barrier "Eternal Pain", I only need to hit her with another even more powerful one.

In terms of determining Lucia's capabilities, this "attack" of mine was an effective one.

Anyway, it looks like Lucia is unable to break out of the offensive barrier "Eternal Pain".

「Fuh! You shall twiddle your thumbs in there alone and in despair, for an eternity!」

I said that, as I struck a cool finishing pose.

That was perfect.

Lucia was screaming something in anger.

But, as she was impeded by the barrier, her voice failed to reach me. My voice too doesn't reach Lucia, so taking advantage of that I taunted her with my pose.

Offensive barrier "Eternal Pain", was a spherical shaped growth enchanted barrier. What that means, is that whenever Lucia's "Castle Guard" makes contact with the barrier, small explosions would occur; the energy generated from the explosions is then re-absorbed into the barrier, and is used for the growth of the barrier to increase its strength.

This was well thought out, a fearsome combination of nasty properties.

Hats off to Ciel there.

《Magnificent! Especially that pose at the end, it was perfect!》

Eh, that part?

Ciel showed no interest in the effects of the barrier or the results, as though they were invisible to her eyes.

And instead, reacted to my taunting pose, showering it with praise.

(Kufufufufu. I expected no less from Rimuru-sama!)

I felt Diablo's praises too telepathically, and he too, had no negative feedback about me.

Though I kinda wanted to be praised for succeeding in activating the spell that Ciel came up with on my first attempt, Ciel notwithstanding, getting praises from Diablo felt a little off too.

It felt like, getting elated from getting praise from someone who is usually very strict, that kind of feeling.

Well, now isn't the time to think of such luxuries. It's not like I know of any such beings who are close to me.

I should be happy for now, that nobody made jabs at me for the 8th grader syndrome-ish pose that I did.

I discreetly, breathed an empty sigh of relief.

So that was how, I succeeded in handily restraining Lucia.

Shortly after, with the addition of Diablo, Milim and the two of us started our discussions.

And of course, that was done while we were still in combat. That was done pretty damned skillfully if I were to say so myself.

While we were doing that, I received word from Carrera telepathically, reporting that Vega got his ass handed to him by Gobuta.

Plus, he did it handily too.

《――! As expected of Gobuta. He really showed his worth as his growth was one of the hardest to predict.

Though I did give him the Unique Skill『Genius(False Wiseman)』, to think he was this capable.》

Ciel gave Gobuta her honest praise.

I really want to question her, as to why she doesn't show such praise for me[3].

And when did she give him the Unique Skill『Genius(False Wiseman)』. And yea, it's a fake[4].

Gobuta and『Genius(False Wiseman)』, it's hard to tell if it actually fits him or not....

Oh well, he *is* a genius of sorts.

I did have a grasp on the abilities of everyone who had training of some form in the labyrinth, there were some parts that were unknown to me as Gobuta did his training in secret.

Even after considering the overall limits, it was predicted that he would have a hard battle with Vega as his opponent.

But then, it's quite the feat, for him to exceed Ciel's predictions as he has.

Even if we assumed he managed to reach his highest potential, the prediction was that he would gain victory, but only marginally; just what is Gobuta made of....

It probably *was* a tough battle. But after considering Gobuta's personality, it may have just "looked" like he managed to get the victory handily.

I shall leave it at that.

Now then, we have come to a decision.

First, I would take my leave from the battlefield, with my "defeat".

(Rimuru, first up is for you to "disappear"!)

As per Milim's words, our plan was finalized.

In other words, a plan where I "play dead".

(Kufufufufu. This is going to cause quite the ruckus!)

Diablo happily snickered.

For some reason, Ciel suggested that we do not relay the information regarding my "death" to my remaining followers.

《This is a prime opportunity, to smoke out the remaining problematic elements who are eluding us.》

That was the reason.

Though I don't think there would be any traitors among my comrades, this is a good opportunity to gain knowledge about the plans of the other demon lords; and according to Ciel, there is a chance of problems arising from the human countries.

Be it the western countries or the empire, we have been forcefully keeping them in check.

There might very well be some who hold discontent against us.

Maybe it's the empire soldiers who I revived, they might cause a rebellion after knowledge of my "death" reaches them.

(Won't this just cause greater confusion?)

Diablo's earlier reaction, was the answer to my amazingly "normal" question.

A cleansing storm would be whipped up, upon the ones who would plan to rebel.

(Also, I kinda feel bad, as I'll be deceiving the others too.)

I said that as I was thinking how I'll be worrying the others,

(Kufufufufu. There won't be any problems. Their happiness when they find out you are alive would be far greater!)

And, my pleas were declined as such.

According to Milim's plan, saving Lucia after dealing with me, would get her the greatest amount of trust.

In addition, it would lure Velda into lowering his guard, making him bolder and more complacent in his moves.

The plan was gleefully accepted by everyone except me.

And thus, a storm of great confusion would engulf the world.

On just the first day of the great war, major changes among the world's factions are about to occur.

* * *

[1] 消失, Kanji used in the title can mean Disappear, Vanish, Missing, Dead, Cease to exist, Extinct, Eliminated and many others.

[2] TN: They be watching some Skyfall I bet lol

[3] TN: Ooh rimuru is jelly huh lol

[4] GN: Rimuru so S





Chapter 200: Each of Their Reactions


At the same time as the strategy was decided, Milim said that she is going to use Dragon Nova, her strongest magic.

Under the cover of the extremely dangerous attack, indeed befitting to be called a mass extinction magic, she told me that she’ll let me go.

She once said that she wanted to show it to me and Ciel also has an interest in it, so I accepted her suggestion......

I thought I was going to die.

No, I’m serious.

I wish that she mentioned what kind of magic it is.

Milim doesn’t boast this as her strongest magic for nothing. I stopped time[1], so I was safe, since I escaped right away, but Diablo was in a terrible situation since he lost half of his body.

Oh dear, he’s acting as if he’s dying, what should I do with him, geez…

I can’t make fun of Milim ever again, I now see her in a new light.

But as the result, Milim made herself more trustworthy towards Lucia.

Milim shot a Dragon Nova and killed the body which was pretending to be me, and retrieved it to Lucia. Then, in order to make her think that I’m dead, I canceled “Eternal Pain” which had ensnared Lucia.

In that way, Milim succeeded in making Lucia trust her as well as infiltrate into the enemy’s stronghold.

As I hid myself, waiting for Milim’s signal, I slipped into the darkness with teleport.

Well then, while staying somewhere calm, I begin to think about various things.

The first is the change in Ciel that I felt a while ago.

About “Eternal pain” too, but I believe that Ciel’s ability has increased greatly.

Yet, I’m more bothered about my miscalculations on Gobuta’s growth limit.

(Hey, don’t you think that Gobuta’s rapid growth is a bit abnormal?

How much has he surpassed your calculations? And, isn’t the calculation deviation too extreme?)

That is the what I’m worried about.

Because up till recently, at the time when I still called her Raphael-sensei, it was rare for her predictions go awry.

I mean, as far as I remember, the only mistake in Raphael-sensei’s calculations was the nature of Veldora’s attack.

And yet, she incorrectly predicted Gobuta’s growth speed, isn’t this disappointing coming from Ciel? No matter how much of a genius Gobuta is, I wasn’t convinced at all.

Because I was so doubtful, I asked Ciel but,

《That is……whilst performing the calculation, deeper information was detected…… as a result, a large deviation has occurred.》

So I was informed.

In other words, since Gobuta’s ability increased so much, conversely the accuracy fell huh.

No, rather than that――

Isn’t the fluctuation happening due to the appearance of her emotions?

――The idea flashed in my mind.

This might not be a good example, but just like when taking a test, the more you check your answer, the more you question yourself.

It is often the case that the first answer will be the correct one.

In other words, what Ciel is feeling is none other than the emotion called “Anxiety”.

A human is a creature who makes mistakes.

Why is that?

It is because a human is an emotional creature.

Machines never make mistakes. Because they never feel anxiety.

If a machine makes a mistake, the cause may be that there was an error during the input of the data or the machine is broken.

As Ciel evolved, she obtained “Emotions”.

It means that a perfect being has fallen into an imperfect state.

Experiencing anxiety, she wavers, and so she made a mistake.

Is this a degeneration?

No.

This’s unmistakably, an evolution.

Ciel, despite being an existence that had reached perfection, wished for emotions.

A baby feels they’re almighty whilst inside their mother’s womb, but they lose that feeling as soon as they are born.

Thus, they feel insecure and cry.

Ciel is the same as the newborn baby.

From a perfect situation, like a perfect sphere, she had been transferred into a bigger container.

The vessel was so big, that her own existence became indeterminate.

Therefore, to fill that container, a large surge of emotion was produced.

But I feel relieved because that container, is me.

The chipped container for her indeterminate form is my soul. And, because Ciel was born inside of me, my heart is stable.

The emotions are like waves, they fill the cracks of my heart and become small.

Ciel was bewildered as she hadn’t produced a wave of emotion before, so it might take time before she becomes used to it, as for me, my uneasiness became tiny as my heart was filled.

In other words, Ciel felt the anxiety in my place.

(It is not a problem, so don’t worry about it. Have confidence in yourself!

You keep on analyzing even while in that state, if it’s you I’m sure you can arrive at the correct answer.

Therefore, believe it.

We complement each other, you’re not alone!)

《Master――》

Ciel remained silent to my words.

However, the waves of emotion became calm as my chipped heart was filled.

Then, Ciel also calmed down as her anxiety changed into relief.

《Yes, my lord! Everything will follow your heart’s desires!》

Ciel properly understood my words.

And while hiding under the cover of darkness, she will be reflecting on her meaning of life.

　−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−

Velgrind flew into the sky with speed that holds up to the title of fastest. Her body feels light and her power seems to have increased.

With a heavy heart, and a mind that is tangled she thought to herself.

In the first place, what the hell is that person?

She, who is one of the strongest, a “True Dragon”, was unable to so much as scratch him.

An individual with a soul compatible with the dragon’s element and a body that is comparable to the “True Dragons” that stand at the summit of this world.

And that individual, possessing such enormous energy, stood firmly while being capable of absorbing a “True Dragon”.

Moreover, two of them.

Can such a being exist?

No, it must exist. It is undeniable that such a being exists.

However, for it to be a Unique Monster who was born from a collection of magic essences leaked from Veldora, by chance, is impossible.

Even if she looked at herself right now, compared to before, her condition is more optimized and in better shape.

She has a feeling that her energy levels has somehow increased.

So in other words, that slime, who manifested her, has a container that simply surpasses the total amount of her energy.

(I can’t believe it. Such a being…… as far as I know, there’s only one――）

She continued thinking.

While continuing to fly around the continent at high speed.

Her speed reached a dozen times the speed of sound and became a flying object which emitted extreme heat and without aiming to, blew away a flock of angels who crowded the sky.

The soul corridor that bound her, was closed.

There was no influence on her, that means, something happened to the person she bonded to.

But, she didn’t pay attention to that.

(Humph. That person wouldn’t be killed so easily. What is he planing now……)

So, she just fleetingly thought about it.

There is no point in worrying about it.

In the first place, there is no need for her to worry about it, or so she thought.

She is free right now.

Even though she buried it in her deepest thoughts, she was still in a fog of doubt.

She has been caught in the whirlpool of her own thoughts for a while now.

　−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−

The report made the executives of Tempest shudder.

On the first day of the Great War, the angels’ attacks had ended and the evening had come.

The monsters had even prepared for an ongoing battle, but the angels had withdrawn by the time night fell.

This is because for the light attributed angels, they had an advantage under the light of the sun.

As there is a need to eat, the loss of the energy is intense.

For the monsters, a short time of peace is a blessing.

Thus, it’s the time for dinner.

The report was brought by the people who returned at the time when the soldiers were taking their rest.

In the control room established inside the labyrinth.

The executives of Tempest, including the Guardian Lords, had gathered.

「Is it true that Rimuru-sama disappeared?」

「Yes…… that is correct.

He received a direct hit of Milim-sama’s Dragon Nova……」

To Benimaru’s question, Testarossa responded.

To that answer, silence descended to the room.

Then Testarossa explained the situation in detail.

「――Then, what did Diablo do? Where did that guy go?」

Benimaru asked while suppressing his anger.

――It is true that Diablo didn’t participate in this meeting.

There was a reason behind this.

Diablo is the only subordinate who knows that Rimuru is alive.

For this reason, Diablo can’t explain why he failed to defend Rimuru even though he was there.

Not seeing the reactions of the executives was regrettable for Diablo, although that isn’t important, he’s concerned with it, anyway this much is necessary to conceal Rimuru’s survival.

That being the case, he decided that it would be a problem if he, who had survived, participated in the conference.

Anyway, “Why didn’t you protect Rimuru-sama?”, he predicted that question would be directed at him.

Diablo figured that if he was in Benimaru and Co’s position, he surely wouldn’t be able to forgive him even if he tore apart Rimuru’s bodyguard.

Because he thought so, he displayed his current state, where he had lost half of his body, to Testarossa and Co who had rushed over at the time.

And whilst healing himself, he departed from the site, (in other words, escaped) leaving behind a message which said that he had left in order to observe Milim.

As for the content, it was something along the lines of,「I lost half of my body and thus shall not prove to be a useful combatant, I will be more useful for observing. 」.

Testa and Co believed Diablo’s explanation without any doubts, since Diablo’s condition displayed that his current energy had decreased sharply.

…… No, Testarossa seemed to doubt him a little, however, she was uncertain about her doubt. Therefore, she decided to accept Diablo’s reasoning.

By the way, what he meant by observation was that the strategy required him to pass information from Milim to Rimuru.

Thus, Diablo continued as Rimuru’s guard whilst under the cover of darkness――

Testarossa let out a sigh and,

「Diablo is performing an infiltration operation.

He expressed regret towards his inability to protect Rimuru-sama, but because he received an order he can’t even commit suicide.

It seems Diablo’s duty is to free Milim-sama from their control.」

She explained the story Diablo had told them.

Although Testa herself thought that it was dubious, it was also more or less coherent. Anyway, she remembered what she heard.

When she was about to question him, Diablo suddenly teleported after Milim. (He’s actually with Rimuru.)

Even though she found it doubtful, since she had let him get away, she couldn’t explain it to the others.

Because she feels that she has always talked subjectively, it would only bring confusion to the surroundings if she spreads such uncertain information.

Testarossa told it as it was, restraining herself from mixing her feelings into it.

Silence ruled the control room.

Even Gerudo and Gabil, who should have been tired due to the combat during the day, didn’t open their mouths as they had serious expressions.

Kumara had a dreadful pale face and was trembling.

Benimaru strongly grasped his fist while suppressing his anger.

Ramiris looked like she was about to cry while facing toward the floor.

It might be a good thing that Shion, who has the shortest temper of them all, was absent at this time.

In such a situation,

「If I had come along, such a thing wouldn’t have――」

The one who is usually calm, Souei, who would never become enraged in any situation, broke a desk in anger.

Testarossa closed her eyes as she agreed with Souei’s words.

That way of thinking is common. She herself was feeling anguish as she was unable to do anything.

Therefore, she can’t rebut Souei’s words.

She only thought deeply about her own powerlessness.

At that time, Zegion who had crossed his arms and kept silent moved.

He stood up,

「Fools. What are you all pointlessly worried about?

Rimuru-sama cannot possibly be dead.

Oh Testarossa, do you think that Diablo is a fighter whose power would drop by such a degree only because he lost half his body?

Along those lines, is he a fool who would give up on avenging his master?

Why don’t you think that there is some kind of reason?

Too childish.

Why don’t you notice that he is trying to deceive us?」

He declared as such towards those in the room.

And, seeing each of their reactions, he continued talking.

「Think about it carefully. Then feel it.

Even now we are still receiving Rimuru-sama’s divine protection.

The connection has been interrupted, but that doesn’t mean it has disappeared.

You should all calm down and deeply feel for it.

All of you should be able to understand that we are being tested by Rimuru-sama.

We are not weak, to the degree that we need to depend on Rimuru-sama for everything.

In spite of that, if someone says that he can’t do anything if Rimuru-sama is gone――

Such a weak individual should just die.

Am I wrong, Benimaru-dono?」

Saying all of that in one breath, Zegion waited for Benimaru’s answer.

Testarossa, who had thought what Zegion had said, had a slight smile sprout on her lips.

It was not only Testarossa who felt that way. Everyone in the room agreed to Zegion’s words.

「That’s right-ssu! There must be some kind of reason for Rimuru-sama to disappear-ssu.

It’s no good for us to keep relying on him all the time-ssu!」

「Certainly, we have relied on Rimuru-sama far too much.

I think we are always entrusting everything to that personage.」(Gerudo)

「That’s right. Even I became uneasy just because Rimuru-sama is not here.

In such a state, we would be laughed at by Rimuru-sama!」(Gabil)

「That’s right! Well, since I always believed in Rimuru, I was absolutely not worried at all!」 (Ramirirs)

「Yes! For Rimuru-sama to be defeated, that’s impossible!」(Kumara)

Vigor returned to the room immediately.

Benimaru also agreed as he saw the situation. Certainly, we all have been too dependent on the Great Demon Lord, Rimuru.

If he thought back, it had been that way since they first met.

For it to be pointed out by the newcomer, Zegion, Benimaru has failed as Rimuru’s retainer.

「Sorry, Zegion.

It is certainly as you said. We can still fight even if Rimuru-sama is not here.

Rather than that……

I think we should quickly conquer this world and give it to Rimuru-sama once he returns.

Surely, we are not such mere children that we cannot do anything without Rimuru-sama!

Alright, we shall quickly end this war and then give this world to Rimuru-sama!」

Benimaru declared so.

Whilst agreeing to it,

「Good grief…… For me, of all other people, to lose my composure……

As someone who governs the shadows, I still have a long way to go.

Thank you, Zegion. Thanks to you, I have regained my calm.」

Souei nods while expressing his gratitude to Zegion.

「Don’t worry about it.

I will return to my position.

Benimaru-dono, leave the labyrinth to me, you can go on the attack at ease.

I swear that I will certainly protect Ramiris-sama and the people taking refuge within the labyrinth until the end.」

Benimaru nodded to Zegion’s words.

Yes, that’s right. They have the strongest guardian, that is Zegion, for their defense.

There is nothing to be afraid of.

And so, Tempest’s executives began to move.

Wiping out the anxiety from before, their expressions are filled with power.

And their determination shone as they wish for their strength be recognized by their master, the Great Demon Lord Rimuru.

Right now, they have reached the moment where they shall take flight from the protection of the Great Demon Lord[2].

* * *

[1] Da Warudo, Toki yo tomare! XD

[2] Be independent, so to say





Chapter 201: Preparations on Leon’s Side


The second day of the Great War.

El Dorado, the domain ruled by Demon Lord Leon Cromwell.

One of the Four Fiends of the Heaven Commanders, Kagali, began to move.

After the Walpurgis ended, each of the Demon Lords returned to their own territory in order to prepare for the Great War, the Black Knight Claude also returned to Leon.

After parting with Chloe, it took a while to return due to his caution towards Yuuki’s notice.

Even if he took quite a while, from Claude’s point of view, it was very necessary for him to be extremely cautious.

He returned and requested an audience with Leon.

Obviously, Claude believed that the audience would take quite a while to take place, since there was a possibility that he is still brainwashed.

However, Claude was guided straight before Leon.

As such, he explained all of the events that happened up till now.

With the clone “Shadow Knight” left behind, he had continued to grasp the situation.

In other words, he knows about the “Crimson Purge” by the “Scorch Dragon” Velgrind; Yuuki usurping the Ultimate Skill『Justice Lord Michael』from Rudra.

As well as the discord between Demon Lord Rimuru and Yuuki.

He was able to grasp everything through his “Shadow Knight.”

His “Shadow Knight” was destroyed afterwards due to contact with the angel of “Armageddon” that Rudra activated. But it could be said that he had succeeded in gathering enough information.

For Claude, his utmost priority was to bring his intel to his master Leon, whom he has pledged his allegiance to, even at the risk of his life.

And his wish came true, Leon has now learned it all.

「Well done.」

Two words.

It’s a disappointing response. However, for Claude, those words were priceless.

「Those words are more than I deserve――」

Claude became overwhelmed with emotion.

However, he understood that it is not the time to be immersed in emotion.

And that is the same for Leon too.

The intel from Claude was more detailed than what Demon Lord Rimuru had explained at the Walpurgis.

“Does this mean Demon Lord Rimuru is trying to steal the march over the other Demon Lords?”

Leon couldn’t throw away such a doubt, but he judged that that was not the whole truth.

There was no contradiction between Rimuru’s and Claude’s information, his doubt about the exaggeration of the enemy forces was cleared up.

If that’s the case, it can be said that the enemy has gigantic war potential.

「Claude, do you think that we can oppose them right now?」

The Black Knight Claude is the strongest knight among Leon’s subordinates so he sensed some value in Claude’s opinion.

「I’m afraid…… I need to express my honest thoughts.

As the difference in the number of this side and that side is great, perhaps, at best we can oppose an army of 50.000 angels assuming we devote ourselves to defense.

Not to mention, if we tried to attack outside the city barrier…… defeat may very well be inevitable――」

「What do you mean!? Claude-dono, we would be defeated?」

「We are Leon-sama’s strongest knights. As if we would be beaten by the angels!」

Each leader of the magic knights got angry by Claude’s remark.

But, Leon suppressed them.

Leon closed his eyes and begin thinking. He thought that Claude’s statement was correct.

Even if he compared it simply based on the war potential, aside from the knight leader class who are on pseudo-Demon Lord class, the best that the normal knights could do would be fight against several angels.

Perhaps the angels who absorbed the people of the mixed corps that Claude affiliated with before may have fighting power which exceed A rank.

If the angel army, which only consists of such special individuals came, then his side would have the lesser war potential and numbers.

He could agree to the prediction, defeat would be inevitable.

(Do I have no choice but to strengthen the barrier and go out and attack myself? But, that’s a really bad move……)

Leon is thinking.

He figured that the chance of victory was low in the case that his subordinates clashed with Kagali.

After all, she seems to have fused with an angel of Seraphim class who has energy rivaling that of an awakened Demon Lord.

If it’s Kagali, who was the former Demon Lord Kazaream who had lived for several hundred years, it be no wonder even if she obtained the ability that can rival an awakened Demon Lord. Perhaps, there’s a possibility that she is better than that, or so Leon thinks.

In that case, there’s no other choice but for him to fight......

(But in that case, the preparation against the angel army itself is tough, right?)

That is the problem.

If he goes to fight by himself, Leon believes that he wouldn’t get defeated even if his opponent is Kagali, but at the same time he predicted that Claude and Co wouldn’t be able to oppose the angel army.

Not to mention, in the case that his fight with Kagali dragged on, there is a possibility that he would get attacked from the rear by the angel army after they destroyed his country.

It wouldn’t be a problem if he is able to deal with Kagali quickly, but that would be an optimistic outlook.

After all, Kagali knows of Leon’s trump card; Ultimate Skill『Purity Lord Metatron』.

It was a big mistake for Leon to let Kagali and Yuuki escape when he fought them before..

The tab now falls on Leon.

When Leon opened his eyes, he surveyed his subordinates.

The chief knight, Silver Knight Alrose.

The strongest knight, Black Knight Claude.

And, each knight leader who leads the four knight orders.

Red Knight Order… Magic Knights skillful in offensive magic belong to this order.

4,000 members. The leader is the Red Knight Fran. A woman.

Blue Knight Order… Magic Knights skillful in support magic belong to this order.

2.000 members. The leader is the Blue Knight Oxishan. A man.

Yellow Knight Order… Magic Knights skillful in defensive magic belong to this order.

3.000 members. The leader is the Yellow Knight Kizna. A woman.

White Knight Order… Magic knights skillful in recovery magic belong to this order.

1.000 members. The leader is the White Knight Maetel. A woman.

Those six people were the strongest of the magic knights.

They are people capable of defeating something along the lines of an Arc Demon.

As for Fran, she has matured into a person who can handle stronger magic as she has experienced “death” once.

They are a lineup of people who would not look inferior even if compared with the other Demon Lords’ armies……

(There might be a chance for victory if I order all of them to go fight and die. But――）

‘Go and die!’ if he ordered such, Leon knew that they would sacrifice their bodies for him with pleasure.

However, that’s why, it is an order he will never be able to give.

Then, what he needs to do――

「Leon-sama, a guest seems to have arrived.」

The clear voice of a woman reported to Leon, who was in his thoughts.

It is Kizna who is skillful in defensive magic, she perceived some people had trespassed the barrier.

And so, his problem would be settled instantly, by the intruders’ arrival.

The one who came was Mizari, the demon subordinate of Guy Crimson,

And, for Leon, she brought a shocking proposal.

「Leon-sama, I'm terribly sorry to bother you after the Walpurgis.

On this occasion, I received the will of my master Demon Lord Guy Crimson and came here.

‘Let’s cooperate for the Great War!’ is the message I’m told to pass to you.」

With a respectful bow, Mizari informed Leon.

Leon looked at Mizari.

She kneeled before his eyes, and bowed her head to Leon.

But, the impression he got from Mizari was stronger compared to before.

He can feel that her power has increased greatly.

She interacted humbly with Leon because he is a friend of Guy, but her ability seems to have come to rival an awakened Demon Lord.

(What exactly happened?)

He had that question, but he considered it reassuring since they’re not hostile with each other.

If there’s cooperation from Mizari, opposing Kagali might be possible.

「I see. I guess it’s no use to keep putting on airs.

Honestly, I’m saved. But, is Guy’s defense, okay?」

「It would be disrespectful for the likes of me to worry about that personage……

Besides, Hirari is still there.」

「I see, that is true.」

Certainly, it is unnecessary to worry about Guy who is the strongest in the first place.

To Leon who nodded, Mizari offered a proposal.

「By the way, Leon-sama, here is a proposal, would you like to hear it?」

「Alright, what is it?」

「Yes, actually――」

Mizari raised her face and with a sweet smile, she told Leon.

「Will you fuses your 6 colored knights with our 6 demon generals using the forbidden secret art?」

Mizari asked such, grew an evil smile suitable for a demon.

The place was thrown into a commotion.

The 6 demon generals are the arc demons brought along by Mizari.

It is not to the extent of calling them demon dukes, but Leon was able to perceive that they have power incomparable to the usual arc demons who accept summonings.

It could be said, as expected of Guy’s subordinates. Perhaps, Leon’s top 6 subordinates――as Mizari says, the 6 color knights―― might be equal to them.

They were formidable demons, it would be difficult to say which one is superior, the knights or the demons.

「What is your intention?」

Leon asked.

「I will say it honestly.

I believe that individuals with power only at the Arch Demon level won’t be very useful in the Great War beyond this point.」

Mizari declared such.

Alrose and Co got angry from her words which implied that they were useless.

However, two of them, Claude and Fran, understood the meaning of Mizari’s remark.

It is true, they are weak.

Even Alrose who is the chief knight wouldn’t be able to compete with just one of Demon Lord Rimuru’s subordinates after all.

That oni woman called Shion is not even the strongest among Rimuru’s subordinates. It’s certain that she is one of the high ranking executives, but in reality there’s others above her.

Claude pacified Alrose and Co who were enraged. Then, he urged Mizari to continue.

Returning the favor with a bow, Mizari continued explaining.

「Will this be alright?

Hirari and I had awakened as Devil Lords due to Demon Lord Rimuru’s ”Secret Art of Evolution”.

But unfortunately, we can only spread a trifling amount of that gift to our followers.

I think that is because of the fact that we couldn’t make a soul bond between us.

Even though they are individuals close to being independent demons, they are connected to us.

Because of this, I expect these ones may not be able to evolve further.

Therefore, using the forbidden “Secret Art: Human-Demon Soul Fusion”, I want to perform a reset for all of their relationships.

I want them to throw away their current bodies and dwell in new bodies.

It will fail if it is with a low-ranking individual, but there’s a possibility of success if it is with individuals at the arc demon class.

Besides, the success rate jumps up if it’s with people at the same level.

As for the demerit, one of the consciousness will vanish.

As for the merit, a stronger individual will be born from the unification of two beings.

They will reincarnate as an existence of demon duke class, a class which surpasses the former Demon Lords!」

Mizari finished her explanation loudly.

Silence descended on the room.

The demons having consented to it, are waiting calmly.

Alrose and the other knight leaders digested the words that had just been spoken and had a discussion.

They want power.

However, naturally it’s not something obtained in one day.

If they’re not able to impact the fight against the angel army with their current power, it would be better to accept the proposal.

However, in the case that their consciousnesses got swallowed up, that’d be more terrible than death itself.

Yet, even so……

「Leon-sama, I wish to accept this proposal.」

「Me too.」

When Alrose reported such, everyone else agreed simultaneously.

Needless to say, Claude and Fran had resolved themselves after hearing Mizari’s talk.

「Leon-sama, if by any chance, we lose against the demons, at that time, I ask for your forgiveness――」

As the representative of the 6 people, Claude told Leon so.

Leon closed his eyes and remained silent.

Then,

「I will not tolerate it. All of you must win. You all must acquire the demons’ power and then continue serving me.」

Leon muttered calmly after a brief time passed.

Leon’s words show that he has accepted Mizari’s proposal.

「「We swear to meet your expectations!!」」

Alrose, Claude and the other members lowered their heads all at once and swore to Leon.

Thus, Mizari’s proposal was accepted.

The ceremony was held.

The 6 demon generals and the 6 color knights stood in a row and faced each other.

Each of them faced and observed their partner who had similar abilities to themselves.

The ones who lose will be swallowed by their partner. Tense expressions appeared on the knights’ faces.

On the other hand, the demons remained calm.

For the demons, they only need to carry out the orders they received. They don’t feel any need to become eager whatsoever.

And then, the time came.

「Well then, the “Secret Art: Human-Demon Soul Fusion” shall now begin.」

At the same time Mizari that declared such, the demon generals converted their physical bodies into energy.

The secret art is possible because the demons are spiritual life-forms.

And, when the knights confirmed it, it occurred.

Mizari suddenly cut the cores of the demon generals with a single blow.

「I have certainly witnessed the resolution of all of you.

Now then, please receive it!

The gift from Demon Lord Guy Crimson.

Please acquire your new power without holding back.

Your desire shall become your power.

Let us pray that you all can obtain more power!」

Mizari shouted.

That’s right, everything was planned from the beginning.

If they challenged the ritual without fearing the loss of themselves, the demons were ordered to give their power to them.

Guy’s orders are absolute, nobody defies them.

After all, since their evolution had stopped, they understood that there is no other way to obtain further strength than this method.

However, in the case that the knights were afraid of obtaining new power, the demons were authorized to take the leadership in the fusion.

「Wha! What happened!?」

「Oh knights, fear not. We had all agreed to be absorbed by you.

As ordered by our great Demon Lord Guy Crimson.

All of you have shown us your determination.

Thus we have acknowledged that you all are the suitable entities to be entrusted with our power!」

「That’s right, all of you had better be quick, since our cores are already destroyed.

There is no time to spare until we are no more, you know?」

Persuaded by the demons, the surprised knights who had come to a stop, began to move again.

They each fused the demon’s power with their own.

Thus the ceremony finished.

They succeeded the ceremony of “Secret Art: Human-Demon Soul Fusion” safely without losing anyone.

Thus, the six knights had obtained the power of demon duke class.

The preparations on Leon’s side finished without a hitch.

And, the decisive battle was going to begin soon.





Chapter 202: Moderate Clown Troupe[1]


The first day of the Great War.

The day ended without anything happening.

The magic city was completely protected from the angels’ attack due to the firm defensive barrier that covers it.

Under the command of the Yellow Knight Kizna and the White Knight Maetel, whom had their power increased, the knights successfully poured out all of their power in order to reinforce the city barrier.

However, on the second day.

The angels who acted without any unity the day before, now began to concentrate their attacks in order to break through the barrier at one point.

Even though the knights had strengthened the barrier against it,several angels were able to invade through a small gap.

Due to several angels, the direction of the war would tremble greatly.

It didn’t take much time for the news to be brought to Leon’s attention. The knight was greatly alarmed when he came to report.

「There are only four enemies who have penetrated the barrier, but the inside of the castle is in chaos!」

The knight reported so and returned in order to confront the enemy.

However, a scream was immediately heard from the hallway, signifying to Leon that the progress of the war had turned against him.

「The Magic division will blockade the castle! Isolate all of the intruders inside the castle.

Don’t bring the injured near the castle. The knight leaders are going to face the enemy!」

Leon urgently issued a blockade of the castle with an isolation barrier and had the knight leaders go face the intruders.

He left the maintenance of the city barrier to the yellow knight order and the white knight order, he had the spare forces, that is, the red knight order, blockade the castle.

The remaining forces were just the blue knight order. Depending on the situation, he needs to decide how he will deploy them.

Seeing how the second day suddenly became so hectic, Leon was irritated.

( Hmm, although I thought that we would hold out a bit longer, I see that the enemy is quite strong.)

Leon left his seat.

He is also going to confront the enemy and check out the intruders.

However, it seems that would be unnecessary.

With a loud sound, the front gate was destroyed.

The large door of the audience hall became small pieces and the splinters scattered like dust.

And, the intruder magnificently appeared from amidst the dust.

「Hoooooohohoho. Nice to meet you, everyone!

I am called Footman.

One of the Moderate Clown Troupe, Footman the Angry Pierrot am I.

Pleased to make your acquaintance!」

A plump man with an angry clown mask appeared.

However, that clown talked in a cheerful tone, creating a strange atmosphere.

He seemed to be one of the four intruders in the report, but it seems to only be this man named Footman who was able to reach Leon’s throne.

Is he someone who has great confidence in himself or just a thoughtless fool?

「You scum, coming to this place on your own, don’t think you can leave alive!」

Alrose shouts.

Claude, who was guarding Leon, placed his hand on his sword and didn’t move.

Leon was thinking.

‘This Footman guy, does he intend to defeat me just by himself?

If he thinks so, his actions are really underestimating this side too much.’

Naturally Leon considered that he might have a different objective.

「Hohoho. Are you angry? Maybe you’re not getting enough calcium?!

By the way, do you know what calcium is?

Things like this contain a lot of it.

Because it’s a gift, please don’t hesitate to take it!」

Footman lightly threw something he had dragged along towards Leon and Co whilst speaking with a full smile on his face.

The object burst and scattered in the air and, with a ‘pop’ sound, white things were scattered near their feet.

Leon, Claude and Alrose understood what it was at a glance.

It was the ruined figure of the knight who came to report a while ago.

Alrose became more agitated.

Claude stopped Alrose, who was going to attack Footman, in silence.

「Wait, that guy is dangerous.

If there’s 3 more people like him, the people inside the castle are in danger.

Because Fran and the others will be here, you go defend inside the castle――」

While Claude was still speaking,

「Ah, you are here after all, Demon Lord Leon.

Ufufufufu. As expected, you won’t let yourself be killed by anyone besides me, right?」

One woman interrupted, whilst passing through the broken door and entering the audience hall.

She was a beautiful female elf. However, her expression was evil.

One of the current Four Fiends of the Heaven Commanders, Kagali who was the former Demon Lord Kazaream.

And, following behind Kagali, two more clowns entered as well.

Claude and Alrose tensed.

It was not because they noticed Kagali’s strength. It was simply because they noticed the person who was being carried on the shoulder of a man wearing a teasing face clown mask who had followed her.

「You bastard! Release Oxishan!!」

Alrose boiled with anger.

That’s right, what that clown was carrying is their comrade, the Blue Knight Oxishan.

「Eh!? Why? Even though I had killed it with a lot of effort and trouble……

Hence, I am going to make this thing my doll.

Unfortunately, I won’t hear any of y’all’s complaints.」 (Teasing Face Clown)

To his arrogant manner, not only Alrose, but Claude too had a red face of anger.

Kagali seemed to be amused looking at their expression.

And,

「Now, now, don’t make them so angry.

Let’s taste the pleasure slowly. You all, redo the self introduction from earlier.」

She said so and laughed happily.

Her manner was clearly of a high-ranking person, in fact, the presence that Kagali gave off was stronger and couldn’t be compared to before.

Leon noticed this and frowned.

She is a troublesome opponent.

Because even though she knew Leon’s strength, she still has time to play around.

Is it because the subordinates that she brought are strong? Or, is it because she became stronger that she’s overly confident in herself?

(Tch, how troublesome. I should have killed her back then.)

He thought such, but it was already too late.

Because Mizari is hidden and ‘waiting to see the situation’ for the time being, Leon thought that she could become insurance in the case of emergency, but Leon couldn’t ignore the ominous vibe from Kagali.

Leon made up his mind that he needed to take care of his problem at this time, so that there won’t be any next time.

And, the 3 clowns began their introductions toward Leon.

The fat clown was the first to open his mouth.

「Hohoho. Although I said it a while ago, I am Footman.

One of the Moderate Clown Troupe, Footman the Angry Pierrot am I.

Demon Lord Leon.

I have a grudge against you because you destroyed Demon Lord Kazaream-sama once before.

And, above all, you have also committed the sin of letting my friend Clayman die.

I will kill you painfully because I am angry!」

Saying so, he bent his fat body skillfully and bowed, and then he moved to the side.

Following after him was a girl with a teary eyed clown mask who stepped forward.

With a big sickle over her shoulder, she greeted like she was joking.

「I am Tear.

One of the Moderate Clown Troupe, Tear the Teardrop (Teary Eyes Clown).

I dislike sad things. Kagali-sama’s enemies shall be eliminated by me!」

Declaring so, she skillfully spun the large sickle in a kind of blade dance.

The last one stepped forward taking over the spot.

He was the man with a teasing face clown mask who was carrying the Blue Knight, Oxishan, on his shoulder.

「Well then everyone. Today seems to be a good day.[2]

My name is Laplace.

One of the Moderate Clown Troupe, whom is called Laplace, the Wonder Pierrot (Pleasure Clown).

Best regards.

Here today, under the order of the captain Kazaream-danna――No, right now it’s Kagali-anego[3].

One of our members that had been sent as a Demon Lord has gone missing, regrettably[4].

Even so, that Kagali-anego said she was prepared for a chance for revenge like this.

Since we have a crackling grudge to y’all, please take care.」

Were the words he spoke.

On the other hand, Leon asked him.

「Moderate Clown Troupe? I don’t know it.」

「Oh my? Well, it is a barely existing organization after all.

I think you had assisted the person named Clayman, have ya already forgot?

He was called Clayman, the Crazy Pierrot, he was such a high spirited chap.」

The person who introduced himself as Laplace answered, and gave a disgusting wink.

And he grinned like he was making fun of someone and had a smile that mocked other people.

However, Leon’s eyes had seen through the man called Laplace as someone who you can’t be careless with.

He has no gaps.

Although he was doing relatively useless movements, They were all connected to his next successive move.

A master. They were the movements of a person who had reached the deepest level of skill, mastering all movements.

Leon felt that, perhaps, he could be even more dangerous than Kagali.

And, as the result of him calmly measuring the energy of the enemy, Leon confirmed that the 3 clowns brought by Kagali had all surpassed Demon Lord class.

As for Kagali, she’s above the average awakened Demon Lord. It seemed that he had been completely outwitted.

The angels outside were just decoys, Leon thought that they might be pretending to be the enemy’s main force.

When Kagali and Co invaded inside the city barrier, the angels outside had finished their role.

In other words, this means that Kagali has absolute confidence that she can defeat Leon and his subordinates.

(They’re really looking down on us......

But, if that’s the case then I ought to teach her her place once again.)

Leon stood up.

「Humph. There’s no need to remember any of you. After all, you all don’t have a future anymore.」

He announced as such.

And then the fight began.

From Laplace’s rear, the Red Knight Fran, who had approached while suppressing her presence, released her deadly strike.

A strike from Laplace’s blind spot with a sword clad in flame. Fran swings her sword with full confidence that it was impossible for the enemy to evade the strike.

However, surprisingly, Laplace easily evaded it without even turning around.

It shouldn’t be easy to perceive Fran who had hid and completely suppressed her presence whilst using magic power interference, even if『Magic Power Perception』 was being used to grasp the surroundings.

「Woops, that’s dangerous right.

Oh right, if ya leak such angry emotions, even a precious invincible spell would be ruined by that.」

Laplace spoke such aloof words whilst evading Fran’s attack.

Fran’s ability has been improved greatly.

The power of a demon duke class, the technique she had trained up until now. And then, magic.

She felt it was as if she had reached the peak as a magic swordsman.

In fact, it might be said that she has obtained the capability equal to the former Demon Lords. Yet, in front of Laplace, all of her attacks were completely seen through, it’s like he is beyond her grasp.

「Impossible! You can see my attack!?」

She instinctively asked the question,

「That’s right, it’s completely visible.

The movement of the eyes, the flow of the aura, the fluctuation of the feelings.

All are gathered at one point.

At least if you don’t disperse them, it’s like you’re telling me where you’ll aim next.」

Laplace answered, shaking his head as his sign of disappointment whilst looking down on her.

Actually, Fran’s movements are not a thing that someone can easily read. Laplace pointed out her habits, which she herself would rarely ever realize.

But even so, coming from Laplace, he could read Fran’s movements clearly, to the extent that he is able to easily grasp them.

That’s because of the difference in capability.

At the same time Fran fought Laplace, Footman also moved.

He moved swiftly like he wasn’t thinking about his fat body, he moved like he was rolling.

And then, when he snapped his fingers, several knights who had attacked him were suspended to the air.

「Hooohhohoho. It’s time for some fun fun fireworks you know!」

Footman in high spirits raised a jarring laughter.

And then, with ‘Snap!’ He loudly snapped his fingers once more.

In an instant, the bodies of the knights in the air began to swell and expand.

「Hii! Wha, what is this!?」

「Stop. Stop this!!」

They bulged and expanded, then――

Bam!!

Like that, all of them exploded.

Several knights were at their wit’s end as Footman killed them with bombs. Their own bodies swelled up like balloons.

「Hooohhohoho. Soooooooo fuuuunnnnnnnnn!!」

The knights understood that numbers wouldn’t have any meaning at this point.

The elites of the Blue Knight Order that followed behind Fran surrounded the intruders in a circle without approaching the enemy.

Claude ground his teeth at the situation.

The enemy’s force seemed to be stronger than he thought.

Among the four people, excluding Claude and Alrose, Fran was the one who had the highest fighting power. Yet, she was unable to land even a single hit on the devil called Laplace.

And, the knights were useless against that devil called Footman.

Claude judged that he and Alrose had no choice but to move.

He was worried about Leon, but even if he worried about his master who was far stronger than himself, there would be no point, as there was an even stronger collaborator, Mizari.

What he had to do now was to support Fran who was his comrade, he renewed his readiness.

「Leon-sama, I will also make a sortie.」

Once Claude had confirmed that Leon had given his nod, he began to move in order to help Fran.

At the same time Alrose also,

「Leon-sama, I am also going to go!」

He shouted and rushed out.

The remaining people were only Leon and Kagali, who sweetly smiled.

A dismal atmosphere drifted in the air, tension increased between the two people.

As for Claude and Alrose who had entered the fray――

Claude began supporting Fran, Alrose went towards Footman.

And, Tear was left behind, alone, but two knights stood blocking her.

The two were the Yellow Knight Kizna and the White Knight Maetel who came running over in a hurry, entrusting the maintenance of the barrier outside to their subordinates.

As each group found their opponent, an intense battle began.

* * *

[1] The title came from 中庸Chuuyou which means the middle way, the middle path, the moderate way. Which also reference the Four Books of Confucian: Doctrine of the Mean.

[2] Laplace talk in Kansai ben entirely. Its counterpart in English could be Southern Accent or Australian English

[3] It’s Female counterpart of Aniki which mean boss.

[4] You know, since Clayman had been rekt by Rimuru in front of all of the Demon Lords.





Chapter 203: Great Demon Lord Kazaream


Kagali laughed.

She laughed evilly.

Everything was going as she had planned.

She got her chance to have her revenge on that hateful Leon.

And now, that’ll be an easy thing to do.

The Silver Knight Alrose fought against Footman.

After he obtained the power of demon duke class, he received strength equaling the Black Knight Claude.

He became a half spiritual life-form with high grade immortality and regenerative power, he also obtained a stronger body.

Overwhelming magic power and energy enabled him to use high-ranking magic that he couldn’t before.

He was even able to activate advanced level magic without any need for a long chant.

He felt his power overflowing and tasted the feeling that he had peered into the world’s abyss.

And yet, Footman clearly showed that he was taking it easy against Alrose.

Footman comically moved his fat body and avoided Alrose’s sword strikes with quick movements.

And merely by snapping his fingers, his evil power attacked Alrose.

Footman’s ability is the Unique Skill『The Fat (Amplifier)[1]』.

The essence of this ability is amplification.

With a small energy wave, he’s able to amplify a material at will.

Thus, the knights who failed to resist were burst open and died after Footman amplified their bodies.

Snap! So he snapped his fingers, he was able to turn the sound into a shock wave and send it out.

He possesses a fiendish ability which doesn’t match his appearance.

The one who faced Tear were the two female knight leaders.

The Yellow Knight Kizna and the White Knight Meutel.

The two of them are very compatible.

Against Kizna with her prided iron wall defense and Meutel who has a godsend healing ability.

There could only be a few people who possess the offensive capability that is able to surpass their combination.

On top of that, since they obtained the power of the demon duke class, the two could brag and didn’t think that they could be defeated.

Facing them, Tear laughed eerily.

She brandished the large sickle she held in her hand while laughing.

Tear the Teardrop. That’s the name of the grim reaper who reaps life.

Her favorite food are tears of entreaty.

She loves more than anything to see the tears of someone who is asking for mercy[2].

Tear possesses the Unique Skill『The Ignorant (Optimist)[3]』.

Her ideal is just doing what she is told to do without thinking about anything else.

Just like her personality, her ability has a condition to activate, that is, all of her abilities will increase only when she receives an order.

But for her, that’s not a problem.

Because Tear is strong, even without relying on her ability, as she had an unyielding mind which never worried and a strong body from the very beginning.

Above all else, it is because there were always reliable comrades who gave her orders.

She doesn’t worry about anything.

Therefore, she gives death to her enemy even more brutally.

And, fighting against the last person, Laplace, is the Red Knight Fran and the Black Knight Claude.

The Red Knight Fran is strong.

Because she has experienced death once already, her energy rose greatly.

And, it bloomed by fusing with a demon.

The ability she obtained is called Unique Skill『Unshaken One[4]』.

Her mind will not be affected by anything other than the feeling of excitement.

A rather mysterious ability that increases her strength if she feels unrest in her mind.

The ability that can even turn emotions like anger and fear into power.

And now, Fran felt fury towards Laplace, who was carrying the Blue Knight Oxishan, who is her brother, on his shoulder.

She changed her intense emotions into gushing power as she glared at Laplace.

As the way it was at that moment, her sword wouldn’t be able to graze Laplace. She understood that, thus she turned her emotions into energy in order to keep a calm mind.

Since Laplace said that he was reading her actions from the waves of her emotions, then she just needed to make everything unperceivable.

While facing against Laplace, Fran pushed her ability to a higher level.

The Black Knight Claude is the strongest knight among Leon’s subordinates.

However, he holds no arrogance in his heart.

He experienced what the strongest person is like, when he was with Yuuki.

The “Hero” Chloe O’Bell――She is special.

As well as the high-ranking people of the Mixed corps.

A lot of Otherworlders were a part of the corps and it could be said that they all own troublesome special abilities.

They didn’t fight foolishly with just a sword, as they also learned the techniques to fight using all of their available abilities.

Fair and square, that is to say, a phrase that is only true when the opponent also stands in the same arena. However, in real combat, justice is only for the one who survives.

Understanding that, Claude even studied the way to fight people who are stronger than himself, and thus Claude changed.

He became greedier and wanted for more strength.

Fusing with the demon was merely an opportunity. In order to gain the power he desires.

And the ability that he acquired was Unique Skill『Challenger(Battler)』.

The exact power that Claude was hoping for, an ability which specializes in fighting.

Claude didn’t neglect his training and made the ability blossom. Time was irrelevant, as the power had answered his wish.

And at this time, Claude was able to meet an enemy who he could test his ability on.

Claude challenged Laplace whilst making a ferocious smile.

And then there is Laplace.

He is the strongest member of the Moderate Clown Troupe.

He possesses fearsome power that could even be called at the level of an extraordinary Demon Lord.

The power to foresee, he can see the future several seconds ahead of time due to his Unique Skill『Seer (Future Vision)[5]』.

And, with his Unique Skill『Deceiver[6]』, he can unleash phantasmagoric attacks.

It is as if he brings something into existence from nothing, a knife flies out from an empty space, whilst actually being a bomb that he disguised as a knife, and it ends before the enemy can understand anything.

High physical strength and combat senses.

And with his highly versatile offensive ability and perfect future foresight, he can be considered invincible.

He introduced himself as the vice captain of the Moderate Clown Troupe, but if compared in fighting strength, Laplace surpasses Kazaream, who’s the captain.

It can be said that his combat ability is beyond the former Demon Lord.

However, since he disliked the idea of being in a troublesome position, he didn’t want to stand at the top.

Happily hanging out with his fellow clowns was what made him happy.

Kazaream, who had been his captain, severed the ties between the two of them after he rose to be one of the Demon Lords.

The reason was simple, because Laplace would overdo things.

Since a temporary agreement had been made, quarrels between Demon Lords were forbidden.

If Kazaream needed to ask Laplace to help him, the situation could easily go downhill.

In this way, Laplace was aware that he was not helpful.

In addition, it’s in his nature that he will become unstoppable by seeing more blood.

His nature is the reason why he doesn’t have any intention to stand at the top.

Therefore, Laplace was kept as the final trump card.

And he was able to carry out his goal. He had done it.

Bring chaos to the world!

It was his dream to raise up an uproar of agonized cries and transform the world to become more chaotic.

He is a genuine lunatic, he might become interested in Yuuki if he had the chance to talk with him.

He had gained that goal because of a sorrowful event.

Clayman, whom he had had a close relationship with, was murdered by Demon Lord Rimuru.

Laplace who hadn’t had a goal, obtained the goal of his dead best friend.

He acts in order to scatter fear and chaos so to make the world a crazier place.

Kagali didn’t have any regrets about involving her subordinates of the Moderate Clown Troupe.

She decided that she needed their power since this battle was the final and decisive one.

If she had sent Laplace at the time when she was still Demon Lord Kazaream, the result may have been different.

If she had requested Laplace’s help, whose madness and ability were both authentic, she thought that she may have walked a different path by this time.

Clayman could still be alive as her right hand man, so Kagali thought.

However, all of those are no more than afterthoughts.

At that time, she was a conceited person and had completely underestimated Leon.

Even if she regrets it now, she should reflect and keep living, however……

The word ‘reflect’ does not exist in Kagali’s dictionary.

Because Kagali didn’t have any strong fellowship with the others, like Laplace, she didn’t feel anything when the weak were eliminated.

She only had a small thought that perhaps there was a path like that too.

Since she involved her former colleagues in this war, she couldn’t do things half-heartedly.

Even though her power increased greatly, she was anxious as she had few pawns.

Thus, she called her most trusted people and gave them power.

She introduced them to Velda and had each of them were given a large quantity of souls.

In the process they obtained Demon Lord Seeds and awakened.

Did Velda use some kind of technique? Since it gave them only the power they wished for, like magic.

Currently, each of them had been strengthened to that of awakened Demon Lords.

Leon’s subordinates, the knights, seemed to have had their power increased greatly, but of course they were still no match for Kagali and Co.

It was funny when she thought about it, as the knights who showed their best resistance were pitiful in her sight.

At the same time, joy filled the innermost depths of her heart, she unconsciously broke into a smile.

(Foolish people. They won’t be able to defeat us anyway.)

Thinking so, Kagali advanced towards Leon whilst basked in a feeling of absolute superiority.

Intense battles commenced, and the situation declined quickly.

The Moderate Clown Troupe were too strong.

If the knights hadn’t fused with the demons, they would have been defeated almost instantly.

Leon’s subordinates, the knights, were not able to compete at all against the overwhelming strength of the Moderate Clown Troupe members who were of the awakened Demon Lord class.

Rather Leon might praise them for the fact that they had not been defeated at this point.

The group Kagali brought was terrifying.

(The situation will only get worse if this continues.)

Leon analyzed the bad situation and ground his teeth.

And, more importantly――

「Ufufufufu. Leon, you will end here. Your subordinates don’t seem reliable either.

And yet, you haven’t become serious, even in this situation.

I have realized your weakness.

You are too soft.

When I watched your fight against Yuuki-sama, I thought of this.

‘This guy, he’s really a softie who can’t get serious since he is always protecting his subordinates’.

You make me laugh.

Unlike us, who don’t feel anything even if we sacrifice 200.000 angels, you intend to protect 1 million citizens.

Did you seriously think that you could win if the two of us fight?

No way, you didn’t think something immature like ’The desire to protect something will become power!’ right?

I investigated about how you created this city by gathering the oppressed people and orphans that you picked up.

Also, I analyzed your behavior so far.

Although you stand out with your villain-like speech and behavior, aren’t you actually a nice guy?

Yes, I understand.

I know that you want to deny it too.

However, no matter how you deny it, the fact that you cannot fight all out won’t change.

After all, your power is too strong, you would destroy this country if you fight seriously!」

――That’s right, Kagali’s words were true.

Leon’s ability, Ultimate Skill『Purity Lord Metatron』is a wide ranged type ability suitable for large-scale annihilation.

If he went all out, this magical city state would be destroyed from the inside.

And Kagali who anticipated that the angels would be blockaded on the outside of the barrier, infiltrated with just her group.

Against Leon, who can’t go all out, she prepared more than enough forces.

And now, the situation splendidly became just as how Kagali wished for it to be.

Kagali who was happy, attacked Leon whilst laughing.

Attacking as if to torment him, Kagali was having fun cutting off Leon’s path of retreat.

In order to clear her long time grudge, Kagali, who had reached the moment of her revenge, felt the greatest delight.

Kagali who fused both the powers of an awakened Demon Lord and the power of a seraphim class angel, became a genuine monster.

Even so, it didn’t affect her desire to see Leon cornered and play with him to the end.

And thus, she succeeded.

「Hey, how are you feeling now? I wonder what you feel at this point now that you’ve been cornered by the person whom you looked down upon.」

The God class one-handed sword that Kagali held cut into Leon’s Gold Circle.

Although he was barely able to deal with all of her attacks, Leon was gradually being overwhelmed by the difference in strength.

Although he thrust out his Flame Pillar, Kagali warded off the attack perfectly.

「Shut your trap. There’s no need for me to get serious against someone like you.」

Leon answered without getting agitated.

The odds were against him. Which was exactly why it was not the time to panic.

Leon is someone who had awakened as a Hero. He was certain that with just his basic fighting power he was capable of defeating Kagali without relying on his ability.

However, that was a story from long ago.

At this point Kagali had become a spiritual life-form. Which means, although her appearance was an elf, her essence was something completely different.

Kagali――Demon Lord Kazaream―― was originally a long range support type devil who excelled at rear support.

Manipulating his pawns, he would skillfully achieve his goal.

Hence, she knew well that she wasn’t strong enough to fight at the front herself.

Besides, if it was with her original Demon Lord body, she could fight at an ordinary devil’s level, but her physical elf body wasn’t suitable for fighting, she realized that when she was defeated by Damrada.

That was why, she reconstructed her body.

She completely dominated her body with Ultimate Skill『Dominion Lord Melchizedek』.

The current Kagali has the physical ability to be able to fight against Leon equally, and supporting her is『Dominion Lord Melchizedek』which provides her with high battle senses.

Thus, Leon’s attack didn’t reach Kagali, instead Kagali grew each time they clashed as she absorbed Leon’s fighting style.

For Leon, he was in a very bad situation.

Though Leon was speaking as if he still had composure to spare, but he immediately realized that the situation was indeed abnormal.

On the other hand, just like what Kagali had said, the situation did not permit him to go all out.

Impatience rose in Leon since he had underestimated his opponent too much.

At that moment, one of Kagali’s sword strikes finally grazed Leon’s flank lightly. Leon received a small cut due to the tip of Kagali’s sword entering a gap of his armor.

Kagali who saw that, smiled complacently as she laughed evilly.

「Ufufufu. Oh my, my my.

Leon, even for someone like you, are you finally unable to handle my sword?

My movement will become even faster you know? I wonder if you will be alright with that?

If you cry and apologize to me whilst prostrating on the ground and swear your allegiance to me, I will spare your life, you know?」

「Fu. Shut up, I don’t need to lower my head to the likes of you!」

「Oh dear, I thought that you would say that.

Well then――」

So, she stopped talking for a moment, and deepened her evil smile.

And then,

「I’ll make your beautiful face soggy with tears and covered with remorse!!

I’ll strip you bare, cut off your limbs, turning you into a Daruma doll, and then I’ll attach a collar on your neck and parade you around in front of the citizens whom you protected!!

Gyaaahahahahahahaha!!

It will be fun to see the despair on their faces once they see your miserable and unsightly self.

Even if they cry and beg for mercy, I won’t spare them.

I’ll slaughter them one by one in front of you, and at the end, turn them into dog food!」

She declared those words and laughed loudly.

「Hohohohoho. Wonderful!! As expected from captain!!」(Footman)

「Yes, so fun. I also like it!」(Tear)

「Indeed, I didn’t have that idea. I didn’t even think of that, what a brutal act!」(Laplace)

Hearing Kagali’s remark, all members of the Moderate Clown Troupe praised her highly in excitement.

Even Leon frowned when he imagined it.

He thought that even a low-life had a limit.

Kagali smiled and grinned,

「Ufufufufu. It’s okay, Leon.

Even if you destroy this country because you hate the idea of exposing your unsightly figure.

If you get serious, I too, am willing to be fair and square and fight with you seriously, you know?」

She provoked Leon with a sneer which was like saying “you won’t be able do it”.

Even if Leon chose to do it, it was not a problem for Kagali either.

At that time, she would beat Leon from the front and show off her strength.

Now, Kagali didn’t sense any threat from Leon since she felt she had become strong.

If she could break Leon’s high pride, she didn’t care what sort of means she needed to take.

Leon saw that it wasn’t a bluff from Kagali’s expression.

If that was the case, Kagali could actually be equal to him or perhaps even stronger than him.

In any case, it would be difficult to put an end to this without casualties from the citizens with the way the things were going now.

「Leon-sama, please don’t mind us!!」

「Against fiends like them, you mustn’t let them escape!」

Alrose and Claude advised Leon together.

They were in their own desperate situations, however they didn’t remain silent when Leon was made a fool of.

That’s right. If he was defeated, the people in his country wouldn’t remain safe after all.

(Forgive me, I will certainly kill this fiend!)

Leon steeled himself.

Either way, as long as he didn’t defeat these fiends, his citizens’ safety couldn’t be guaranteed.

Then he would do the only thing he could.

Thinking so, he was going to release his powerful power――

「Please wait, Leon-sama. You do not need to worry, I have isolated this castle from the city.」

A clear woman's voice made him regain his senses.

A Devil Lord named Mizari. Also, the woman who was working together with Leon now.

With Mizari’s ability, the castle was completely separated from the outside world.

Observing the situation, Mizari prioritized to take the most optimum action depending on the situation.

Thanks to her, the situation would change once again.

Kagali unpleasantly knitted her brows due to Mizari’s appearance.

「Ah? Aren’t you Guy’s follower?

You were able to act on your own will, heh.

I certainly thought that you could only move by Guy’s order.」

「It’s been a long time, Kazaream-sama.

I certainly thought that you had died on some plain, but that stubbornness of yours is the same as before.」

「Fu, fufufufufu. Nice speach, for a small fry who only hides in Guy’s shadow!!」

「You want to try me? Well anyway, it’s this side’s victory to buy some time.

Because I had asked Demon Lord Rimuru’s aid, the reinforcements will come soon.」

「Huh? Demon Lord Rimuru’s aid you say? Ku, kukuku, ufu, uhahahahahahahaaaaaa!!!」

Kagali burst into laughter due to Mizari’s words.

It became a very loud laughter as Kagali’s subordinates also joined in.

「What is so funny?」

Mizari asked her as she felt that it was strange.

「Ufufufufu. Demon Lord Rimuru has died you fool!!

That annoying Demon Lord is already gone. About this time, Rimuru’s subordinates must be in the midst of pandemonium!

Whether due to an unsightly internal discord? Or are they splitting and naming themselves as the new Demon Lord?

Either way, this matter won’t be settled quickly.

Of course, they won’t be able to be reinforcements. Do you understand?」

As one might expect, Leon and Mizari changed their expressions since Kagali said it triumphantly.

It was too unexpected.

For that absurd Demon Lord Rimuru to be the one who lost first, that wasn’t a story that they could believe so easily.

But, They didn’t feel Kagali was telling a lie going from her looks.

「Impossible!? That stubborn Demon Lord wouldn’t die so easily!」

「Rimuru-sama who was recognized by Guy-sama, that is impossible……」

Kagali who was filled with a sense of superiority due to the two’s reactions, answered them.

「Ufufufufu.

Oh well, it may be good to taste your despair.

This Great War, our victory is already set in stone.

If you want to know why――

It’s because Demon Lord Milim is the one who destroyed Demon Lord Rimuru.

Do you understand what this means?

The strongest beings, that is Demon Lord Guy Crimson and Demon Lord Milim Nava.

As well as that annoying Demon Lord Rimuru.

Among those three. Demon Lord Milim Nava is under Velda-sama’s control.

And, Demon Lord Rimuru is dead.

The remaining one that we need to be cautious of is Demon Lord Guy Crimson alone.

And even that Guy will face the strongest hero. And――

Ufufufufu. So, can you understand with this, right?

Mizari, you will die in this place without being able to see Guy in his last moments.」

It shocked Mizari.

And even Leon.

To those two,

「Well, let us begin then.

Leon can go all out if this place is separated from the outside world.

In that case I shall fight seriously as well.

And, the two of you shall know despair!

Saying so, Kagali―― No, Kazaream’s body changed.

From the beautiful elf’s body into her optimized original Demon Lord Kazaream’s body.

And then, with his gushing tremendous power he gripped Mizari and threw her to the ground.

For Kazaream, it was a simple warm up.

Mizari, who reacted late, received the attack directly.

Due to the collision with the tremendous energy, it seems she received some damage.

The close combat ability obviously also increased, if he was careless it was clear that Leon would experience the same thing as Mizari.

But, Leon had a smile on his lips.

「Don’t be conceited, Kagali. No, Kazaream!

I will bury you once again like before.」

Leon responded such.

If it’s in an isolated space, Leon can also fight seriously.

Mizari also had enough spare power, as she calmly took a stance.

Thus, in the castle that was completely separated from the outside world, the battle between Kazaream and Leon+Mizari began.

Leon decided that after he finishes this battle, he would check the authenticity of the story about Demon Lord Rimuru’s death and switched over his thoughts.

Mizari too, as she thought that it was disrespectful for someone of her standing to be worried about her master, Demon Lord Guy Crimson, she concentrated her focus on the enemy in front of her.

Either way, whether that story was the truth or a lie, Kazaream was the enemy they needed to kill.

　………

　……

　…

And so the two people, discarded their pride in front of the despairing difference of power.

The awakened Kazaream introduced himself as a Great Demon Lord.

And, he proved the power suitable to that title.

The two came at him together, yet they couldn’t defeat Kazaream.

One of the Four Fiends of the Heaven Commanders, Kazaream, had mastered his ability and cornered Leon and Co.

Then――

As the fight became more intense, the second day of the Great war passed on.

* * *

[1] 増幅者(フトルモノ), Zoufukusha= the one who amplify/magnify. Futoru mono= The person who makes things fatter.

[2] Which means she is a Super S.

[3] 楽天家(ムチナルモノ), Rakutenka= Optimist. Muchinaru mono= Ignorant person.

[4] 無常者(ユルガヌモノ), Mujousha, Mujou=Mutable Sha=person/er. Yuruganu mono= unshaken-able person.

[5] 未来視(ミエルモノ), Miraishi= Future Vision, Mieru mono= the one who sees.

[6] 詐欺師(アザムクモノ), Sagishi= Cheater, Swindler, Azamuku mono= Deceiver.





Chapter 204: The Confused World


Day 3 of the great war, in the Holy City of Ruberios.

Shion eyed the incoming Dagruel forces, and a cold, dark smile surfaced on her face.

As she thought that the chance has finally come, for her to let loose all the frenzied furious anger that was within her....

On the first day of the great war, Shion along with Adalman and Albert were ordered by their master Demon Lord Rimuru, to move out to aid Demon Lord Ruminas.

Having visited when he was working with Gerudo in setting up the Transit Gates, Adaman guided their forces to Ruminas' castle; upon reaching, the atmosphere at the castle was unnaturally calm despite the fact that they were in battle with the angels.

Ruminas was "elegantly" relaxing, as she lounged on her couch.

And, towards Shion and the other guests,

「To think I would get reinforcements against that measly angel army, that Rimuru is quite the worrywart.

Sure, the humans would be in danger should we fall here....

But isn't this a little too overprotective?

Not even I expected something like this to happen so soon.」

She calmly and matter-of-factly addressed.

But....

「Rimuru-sama, has predicted that there would be an incoming attack here, from Demon Lord Dagruel who has betrayed us.」

She froze upon hearing Shion's reply.

Ruminas was confident that her forces can maintain their advantage against the angel army, but if Dagruel's forces were to come into play, that changes everything.

More so, the fact that Dagruel, one of the oldest pillars among the demon lords, has made his move; this isn't a situation that can be taken lightly anymore.

「Gather the others immediately! We're holding a strategy conference right away!」

With Ruminas' command, her followers, the 7 great nobles and ranking commanders, gave orders for the other key appointment holders to gather.

Right on the dot of nightfall, it was fortunate that the angels began to pull out.

Thanks to that, the other officers who were taking part in battles are now able to attend the conference.

Not wasting time, they gathered at the conference hall where a light dinner was prepared.

Representing them, were the 7 great nobles, the "Seven Celestial Sages", and the Holy Knight Arnoud.

The second-in-commands, knight squad leaders, along with any noteworthy majin who were nobles were amongst them.

Seeing that all who were relevant has arrived, Ruminas gave a short opening address, and declared the start of the conference.

And so, the meet begins.

Shion spoke first, speaking of Rimuru's predictions.

Then the movements of the angel armies, and the situations of the other areas.

Finally, finishing with Dagruel's movements, and what was predicted to be their goal.

「――no way.... If Demon Lord Dagruel is making his move, we are going to end up getting pincered from both the skies and on land.

As we have nothing to fall back upon, if we fall here the central countries will definitely fall shortly after!」

The alarmed Arnoud anxiously spoke out.

To him, who is one of the linchpins in the human defense forces, their current location can pretty much be called the final defense line.

In comparison, the monster(Ruminas/majin) side wasn't as disturbed.

At worst, the choice of forsaking this country and escaping is still a viable option for them.

Just like they have did once in the past, when this country was destroyed by Veldora. For they believe that there will still be somewhere out in the vast lands of this world that would accept them.

But, that doesn't apply for all of them.

The higher beings are all thinking about something, with a face that looked like they were chewing something bitter.

Ruminas was, too.

To protect the believers, who are citizens of the country, while simultaneously probing for a possible location for a new country, was what the nobles were suggesting; Ruminas was still thinking on the sidelines, while watching Arnoud debate.

It's simple to abandon the country.

For a monster such as herself, it's not too much effort to build another country from scratch.

But, if she were to flee, there's no guarantee the angels aren't going to pursue her.

Chances are, they will give chase. The opposition has every intent on wiping out all intelligent beings, having declared their intentions to destroy the world.

It's hard to imagine them letting Ruminas and co. get away.

Additionally, the odds of victory for them doing a full scale tactical retreat while protecting non-combatants is pretty much nonexistent.

「Silence.」

Which is why, with this single cold word from Ruminas, silence returned to the room.

「――to me, whatever happens to the humans, is really none of my concern.

They'll replenish their numbers shortly anyway, it's probably not much of a problem if their numbers are reduced somewhat, these are my honest thoughts.

That's if they manage to replenish, that is.

As the enemy has declared their intention to wipe out everything, there are no guarantees that humans will be allowed to survive.

For that reason, I have decided to protect this land.

This is by no means, something done for the sake of the humans.

Some of you are saying we should escape, but when it ends up with us alone against the angel forces, do you think we will be able to win?

I mean, think about it.

The other demon lords too, are fighting to protect their citizens and territory.

That, is something that can be called a "contract", but at the same time it is also the obligation of we who rule over these lands.

Guy is an exception....

Ramiris, Milim, Leon, and even the newcomer Rimuru are doing their utmost.

I too have such intentions.

This, is us demon lords putting our pride on the line, turning our backs to the angels is unthinkable.

The newcomer Rimuru, has noticed Demon Lord Dagruel's betrayal and has sent reinforcements already.

Instead, if we were to escape, it would be foolish to think we could ever live proudly again after that.

We, are not living for the sake of living.

It is because we live proudly, that we live as nobles, as kings.

Escape will not be forgiven.

Prioritize our victory, and start thinking of how we will achieve it!

Let victory be ours!!」(TN: gawd she sure talked alot)

「「「Uooooooooh!! Let victory be ours!!」」」

The conference room was wrapped on a silent fervor, and showed the unity of all present in an instant.

Now that Ruminas' intentions are made known to them, the monster followers very easily made up their minds and mentally prepared their resolves.

Ruminas' charisma as a demon lord was not just for show. She splendidly grasped the hearts of her followers.

And, without that fervor cooling down, the conference shifted to the discussion on their plan to engage the incoming attack.

In the end, it was decided to leave the bare minimum to defend against the angels, while redirecting everything else they had to face Dagruel.

Luckily there wasn't any noteworthy commander among the angels, which is also why they didn't have any tough battles for the day.

Nevertheless, there were crack troops being reorganized as reserves, so as to not be complacent in light of that.

As they have no choice but to engage on two fronts, it was decided for the reserves to assist whichever side that has the most trouble.

This reserve squad, now bears a heavy responsibility, having been given the important task of making the proper decision. Due to the shortage of reserve forces in the current situation, most reinforcements can't be relied on.

All the other demon lords have their hands full holding their own territory.

Ruminas' forces are in a more positive situation now, having received reinforcements from Demon Lord Rimuru.

If they were to be pincered by their foes from both land and the skies without Demon Lord Rimuru's aid, they would have been destroyed without the chance to even contemplate escaping.

Due to Demon Lord Rimuru's quick assessment of the situation, the aid and information sent to Ruminas has pretty much saved her.

(Fumu. Guess I owe him one, huh――)

On the inside, Ruminas was reluctantly accepting this fact. (TN: still so tsun tsun lol)

And so, the location of their final battle is decided, for Ruminas' forces which occupy the Holy City of Ruberios.

Against the angel forces would be Arnoud and his holy knight forces, plus the Bloody Knights who are led by the nobles.

The 7 great nobles, the ones known as the "Celestial Sages", would be their assault force.

Against the traitor Dagruel, would be Shion and her personal guard forces.

In addition, are Adalman and the death knights he leads.

Over the night, using his summoning magic, Adalman brought forth his followers from the Labyrinth.

It's not like he could summon *everything* he could muster up in one night, but having took on the task, he could manage to bring over a substantial force over if he had 2 days.

Dagruel and his forces were also travelling at abnormal speeds without stopping to even sleep, it was calculated that they would cross the deserts and invade these lands in 3 days time.

With that being the scenario, they will make it in time to prepare their defenses.

Making use of the transit gates that were set up, Shion's personal guard were also gathering up.

Of course, as they had priority on the usage, Dagruel's forces couldn't make use of the gates on their side.

Shion was giving orders to her forces to be on their guard, as they made their preparations for their upcoming battle with Dagruel's forces.

If things go smoothly, the decisive battle will take place on the 3rd day(of the great war).

With the plan in motion, the move to deal as much damage as they could to the angel army on day 2, was decided during the conference in the first night.

According to reports from their scout squads, the movements of Dagruel's forces were spotted as per the predicted timeline.

Showing their differences when compared to the human forces, Dagruel's forces move non-stop without a care for food or rest, maintaining their threatening speed.

But, as they moved at a constant pace, their time of arrival was accurately predicted.

Inversely, that also means the scouts held an important responsibility, as they are required to be able to keep up if there were any increases in movement speed.

For that purpose, Ruminas had the "Celestial Sages" take the job.

The reasoning for that was that they were highly skilled in plotting and gathering information, they are able to keep an eye on Dagruel's forces without being noticed.

Also, they had teleportation type abilities, so on the off chance that they were to be spotted they would still be able to escape and return to base.

The plan was for the "Celestial Sages" to switch over to their assault troop role the moment Dagruel's forces enter their territory.

With that decided, on the 2nd day, everyone but the "Celestial Sages" were to be combatting the angel army.

With the plan going well, they managed to greatly reduce the numbers of the angel army, which was using the same monotonous attack as the first day.

But, something unexpected happened as well.

During the afternoon of the 2nd day.

Velda made another appearance, towards the entire world.

『Allow me to enlighten everyone on the current situation.

My beloved daugther――Demon Lord Milim, has destroyed a pillar of the demon lords.

That's right, the one who perished was Demon Lord Rimuru.

Though he was a newbie, he was the demon lord who had the closest ties to the humans.

2 other pillars among the demon lords are old friends of mine, and have shown that they were willing to follow my lead.

The number of demon lords who are still against me, is but a measly 4 pillars now.

You are welcome to resist to the end, but for those who give up, they shall be granted a swift painless death.

So instead of wallowing in fear and despair, wouldn't it be better to just choose death?

The hammer of god shall be brought down on the 7th day, on every existing human capital.

Until then, you have my word that I shall intervene no further.

Do you understand the meaning of what I just said?

The ones who want to die without suffering, just stay put in the capitals instead of running or hiding.

As I am such a merciful being, I shall definitely keep this promise!』

Working the same way as when he did his declaration of war, a massive vision of Velda appeared in the skies and delivered his speech.

Shocks were sent throughout the world.

To the many capital cities of the Ingracia kingdom around the world, and to the capital of the empire in the east.

Many panicked and began their escape, while there was also the extreme minority that has accepted the end and decided to stay.

Now that the situation has been made known to every living being, the world was now swept up in a swirl of chaos.

The many leaders are too, stumped with the problems that the chaos is causing.

Having declared dropping the hammer of god on the 7th day, that also meant that the capitals around the world are safe zones until then.

There was no reason for him to lie at this point.

If Velda was in the mood, he could have dropped the hammer without saying anything. Him not doing so and instead stating a deadline, was perhaps to show that he really was as merciful as he made himself sound.

But Velda's *true* motive was probably that he found searching for loose ends to be too much of a chore. But then, even for those who noticed that, it's still a good and efficient choice to make use of the capitals as safe zones.

In any case, to guarantee the safety of their citizens, gathering in the capitals was a no brainer.

Inversely, it is also a double edged sword, as one wrong move and everything crumbles in one go. It was a bad gamble of sorts.

If the demon lords emerge victorious, their safety is assured and the remaining problems would clear out in time. However, if they are defeated, escape will be impossible at that point.

Then again, even if they are to escape from the capitals and spread out to the many corners of the world, the number of beings who are capable of surviving being constantly on the run is very limited.

Anyways, the fate of being found by meticulous trackers and then finally killed was very clear.

In fact, there are countries which are sending their defense forces against the sweeping angel squads that have appeared throughout the lands, there are already many uncounted casualties.

Before the start of the great war, Demon Lord Rimuru and the other demon lords have had talks, and the fact that the demon lords themselves are taking part in the war was known.

Demon Lord Ruminas took part in those talks, and it was decided that she and Demon Lord Rimuru were to take full charge of the defenses on the western front.

Which, brings us back to the current situation, where the civilian populace needs to depend on the power of the demon lords, to protect them from Velda who intends to destroy the world.

That finally brings us back to the point, as that is the problem the human leaders around the world are getting headaches for.

To them, their symbolic defender, and also the symbol of fear, is Demon Lord Rimuru.

As they have experienced, what kind of "death" that immensely powerful being is capable of unleashing.

To the world leaders, the defeat of said demon lord directly leads to the destruction of mankind.

What this means, is that the news of the defeat of Demon Lord Rimuru, brought unreal amounts of despair for them.

The fact that Demon Lord Rimuru disappearing this fast, was something that didn't cross any of their minds.

Even if he was defeated, pulling through no matter how many times he had to do it, was the image of Demon Lord Rimuru that they(the world leaders) held.

But that only amplified the despair that they felt.

(If the news of Demon Lord Rimuru's defeat wasn't made known, the capitals would still believe that the demon lords can emerge victorious――)

That, was the unfiltered thought process of the world leaders, in the current situation.

The reaction of the countries after hearing this information, was split into two opposing directions.

The ones who still believe the demon lords will be victorious, even after knowing that Demon Lord Rimuru has been "defeated"; and the ones who have decided to do whatever they want, with the assumption that the demon lords will be defeated.

For those who still believe in the demon lords' victory, they would be safest to stay in the capitals which have been declared to be safe from attack.

In the end, most of the western country leaders and the empire's important figures, are part of the side which believe in the demon lords.

Whatever happens, running around like a headless chicken won't get them far. If that's the case, staying away from the fighting and hoping for the best is still more ideal for them.

Moreover, for the beings who have closer ties to Demon Lord Rimuru, they find it hard to seriously believe that he really was defeated; this was the greatest reason why they(the human world leaders) have yet to lose faith.

To quote the words of a certain 1st generation committee leader――

『What bullshit is that. There's no way that fella would die this easily.

If he was such an easy opponent, he would have been destroyed by me a long time ago.』

――end quote.

The thoughts of many of the beings which had closer ties to said demon lord, were more or less similar.

Cunning and cautious, a bold demon lord who never fully shows his hand. There's no way such a demon lord would so honestly let himself be destroyed! And other such stuff.

Which meant, they were the ones who never believed that he would be one of the first to be defeated....

With the thought that he's most likely planning something, the ones who thought this way end up pulling up the weaker willed ones along with them.

This trend, was stronger for the ones who had closer ties to Demon Lord Rimuru.

It is said, that the king of the newly born country "Falmenas" and some of the surrounding countries, managed to easily protect their citizens and provide relief; they helped the stragglers in the vicinity and accommodated villagers, from the many small villages which surrounded their country, into their capital, displaying just how thorough they were.

『Haa!? There's no way the master would die that simply. That Velda fella looks like he's all talk, getting duped that easily.』

『I know, right. He's oh so underestimating that person, like I had in the past, looks like he's fully unaware of the ploy that's right under his nose.』

Such, was the recorded talks between the young king and his aged advisor.

These are some of the people who have close ties with Demon Lord Rimuru, and they placed great faith in him. They were the best representatives, of the beings who had absolute faith in the demon lords' victory.

This trend, was seen in many of the countries that surrounded the Great Jura Forest.

The Dwarf Kingdom, the country of Burmund and Sorcerer’s Dynasty Sarion count among these countries.

And the leaders of said countries reacted quickly to the news. They issued a "conference call" for all the other demon lord believers, and succeeded in tipping the scales of the minds of the other world leaders.

More than half of the western countries tipped in favor, and chose to believe in the demon lords' victory.

Even the empire which has only recently tried to invade the Great Jura Forest, showed their fealty to the demon lord side.

The perfect post war therapy by Demon Lord Rimuru during the period of turmoil after the emperor's death gave them the extra push that was needed.

The almost religiously fanatical explanations of the soldiers who returned to their surprised families probably contributed much.

The returnee soldiers spoke in unison,

『Defeat is impossible, for Demon Lord Rimuru-sama.』

They said as such.

The soldiers elaborated proudly, even though they were the ones who returned with disgraceful results from an overwhelming defeat.

Because of how unnaturally absurd it was, it inversely caused the empire citizens to believe the soldiers.

Although large scale confusions did happen, the swift response from the remaining empire leaders suppressed the civilian unrest within a few days of the occurrence.

This, would be recorded as a miracle during the great war, and talked about by future generations.

But, problems arose, from the other side.

A certain minimum number of the people, who are doing whatever they want on the assumption of the demon lords' defeat, exist everywhere around the world.

Sadly, most countries had to split some of their defense force, to keep these miscreants in check.

If this was also part of Velda's aims, it couldn't be helped that there will be some fools who end up falling for his ploy.

These people only think of themselves. Which causes them to make bad choices, even if it was during such dire times.

The world was currently falling into despair, as per Velda's intentions.

From it, confusion was borne.

With that, one of his objectives was accomplished.

One of Demon Lord Rimuru's followers, "Warlord" Shion. She worshiped Demon Lord Rimuru as though a god.

So when she heard Velda's speech about his "death", all she could feel was a blinding rage.

That rage, was about to awaken a certain unstable emotion that was supposed to have been sealed deep within her heart....

And that, was about to whip up a turbulent storm upon the impending battlefield.





Chapter 205: Vs Dagruel Part 1


Dagruel’s army had reached the Holy Kingdom Ruberios and kept on their march through its border.

And they mowed down all of the people who blocked their path and aimed at the Holy Capital with great vigor.

The Holy Capital was protected by a threefold barrier.

The large-scale magic essence warding barrier blockaded the city’s outskirts.

It was a barrier which obstructed the accumulation of magic essence to prevent outbreaks of monsters. However, it is naturally not invincible, just like in the present situation, there may be an outbreak of rare monsters due to the barrier’s destruction that might come to invade the city.

To prevent this invasion, an anti-monster defence barrier had been installed, which protected the daily lives of the holy capital and its surroundings.

As its name suggests, it was intended to prevent the invasion of monsters.

It was a barrier with a strong magic essence isolation ability, but it only had influence on a certain level of monster and weaker. It didn’t affect vampires, its true masters.

Its purpose was to protect the citizens of the Holy Capital from field monsters.

The Holy Knights usually patrolled between the first and the second barriers. And their work included searching for tears in the barrier and restoring them.

It was common knowledge that the Holy Kingdom Ruberios was protected by a twofold barrier, but the existence of the third one was only known by the high ranking people of the holy capital.

The Evil Purification Barrier.

It was the protection barrier of the highest level that had protected the sacred Holy Capital for a long time.

It was a barrier that could be called the perfected version of the holy field, the barrier which attacks monsters with the only exception of those registered with an identification code.

Everything inside the ramparts of the Holy Capital was within the scope of its influence. It was the largest-scale barrier of its level, but it still couldn’t cover the entire range.

Even so, it was the strongest barrier, worthy to protect the Holy Capital.

The transfer gate was established within the anti-monster invasion prevention barrier and outside the Evil Purification Barrier. The reason was because Ruminas didn’t want the subordinates of the other Demon Lords acting freely within the Holy Capital.

That was a reasonable argument, because not only it was troublesome to set and register identification codes for individuals, there was no guarantee that they wouldn’t be hostile by next time.

Therefore, the Evil Purification Barrier was applied to every monster with the only exception being Ruminas’ subordinates.

The effect was applied even to the high ranking monsters in Shion’s entourage.

Thus, Shion’s elite corps who arrived from the transfer gate organized themselves at the peripheral of the living area without entering the Holy Capital.

The battlefield was outside the anti-monster invasion prevention barrier.

It was the decision of the conference the night before.

The barrier was ineffective against the angel army ―― or rather, the anti-monster has no meaning against the holy attributed angels ――the monster army led by Shion and Co. were suitable to oppose Dagruel.

The ironic thing is that the Immortal Legion led by Aldaman, which could be considered evil itself, didn’t receive the effect due to『Holy-Demonic Inversion』.

However, it would be a problem if undead came and went within the Holy Capital like they owned the place, so that’s one of the reasons why Aldaman was assigned to the interception forces.

Tempest’s group will engage Dagruel, Ruminas’s group will suppress the angels.

That is the plan.

Immediately sensing that Dagruel’s army had destroyed the large-scale magic essence warding barrier that had stretched around the border, Shion notified the entire army.

As preparations were everything, Shion had finished stationing her elite corps.

The Immortal Legion which Adalman had summoned stood at the front in perfect order.

With 2.000 Death Knights as the main force.

The rest of the Legion’s composition was as following:

100.000 Zombie Soldiers (Carrion Soldiers).

20.000 Pawn Soldiers (Skeleton Soldiers).

10.000 Pawn Archers (Skeleton Archers).

10.000 Pawn Knights (Skeleton Knights).

There were such overwhelming numbers.

They were an army that had been created by Aldaman by using the corpses gathered from Great Jura Forest.

They usually wandered around the floors of the labyrinth, but they all sortied this time.

The 100.000 Zombie Soldiers are the monsters prepared urgently for this war. Most of them were once the soldiers of the Empire.

Deployed inside the labyrinth, the ones which had their rotten flesh neatly removed were the Pawn Soldiers.

Among them there might be those which were once adventurers who had died inside without buying a bracelet, but this was a rare example.

In preparation for this Great War, they had gathered the corpses which had been vacated by their souls, it was quite a large number.

As there was a possibility that they might evolve into a higher rank being if they are able to survive this Great War, they excitedly decided to participate in the war.

Thanks to that, the total number was a little less than 150.000.

Under Adalman’s rule, they received an ability increase effect. Furthermore, due to『Holy-Demonic Inversion』, they wouldn’t be affected by the effects of the barrier’s magic essence isolation.

Unlike inside the labyrinth, they cannot revive if destroyed however…… They won’t be purified by Undead Purification: Turn Undead.

They became such a dreadful existence, because as undead that had turned into holy attributed beings, they won’t be affected by Holy Magic.

And because they couldn’t die from normal attacks either, the only way to stop their movement is to completely destroy them.

And then, Shion’s elite corps.

10.000 Terror Knights.

Like the Death Knights, their strength was equivalent to “A-” rank. And after the previous battle with the Empire, they had grown stronger.

The true main force this time was Shion’s elite corps.

The only problem was that the commanders of the elite corps were the sons of the enemy leader, Demon Lord Dagruel.

Shion believed that Dagruel’s sons would not betray her since they had sworn loyalty to her lord, Rimuru.

However, even without betrayal, whether or not they could fight was another story.

「Hey you guys. The enemies are your relatives, can you guys fight them?」

Shion summoned the three and asked them directly.

And the three brothers responded as if it were natural,

「Of course, Nee-san! Whether it’s our old man, or uncle, we will defeat them!」

「Yeah! We will show our seriousness!」

「Fuu~ fuu fuu! My stomach is growling.」

His stomach is growling……?[1]

For an instant, Shion thought ‘What is this guy talking about?’, however she splendidly ignored it.

Oh well, since he’s fat, it couldn’t be helped that it would growl. However, Shion never thought that it would ever manifest in a form of motivation.

However, it was troublesome for her to tsukkomi it.

It will be alright if the people in question are ok. The problem might actually be their uncle.

「Dagruel has a younger brother?」

「Yes! It seems our old man has two.

One of them is our old man’s aide, but I’ve never met the other one.」

「They said that he’s a dangerous person so it seems he had to be sealed because of that, right?」

「Oh well, it will be easy-peasy if you entrust the task to us!」

When the third son Debura said so, for some reason Shion became uneasy.

Oh well, they are her cute subordinates who had became strong enough to equal the former Demon Lord standard. She decided to believe in them, and she succeeded in pushing away her uneasiness.

To such a Shion,

「However, for such an upright person as Dagruel-dono to turn out to be a traitor…… it was something hard to believe.」

Adalman said so while letting out a sigh.

When he was installing the transfer magic formation, Dagruel was quite cooperative, and he got along well with Adalman who also had an upright character.

Therefore, Adalman felt that it was simply too unbelievable.

「Oh well, it seems he was was acquainted with the person who calls himself Velda, so he might have some kind of old ties with him.」

Shion concluded so.

No matter what was said, holding back against him was unnecessary, as he was an enemy.

After all, Shion would not forgive that Velda-scum who had babbled such nonsense like destroying her dearest master Rimuru.

If Dagruel is assisting that person, that would be the same as telling Shion you’d like to die, huh?.

If it were the old Shion, she would have gone ahead and attacked by herself and struck him with all her might.

「Fu. If you think about it, I have also become well rounded.」

Shion sprouted a smile, she was satisfied with the growth of her heart.

「Eh? Shion-sama isn’t round at all[2]!?」

Because Debura shouted in surprise, Shion struck his stomach with her hand like she was going to gouge his stomach.

It was the so-called corkscrew punch.

「You shit-for-brains――I’ll kill you!!」

So, she spat those words at Debura (the third son) who crouched down on the ground.

Debura was someone that no matter how much he ate, the nutrients just went to his sides and never did reach his brain.

He was the number one fool among the trio.

「Th-this reward is――」

Debura had a joyful smile on his face for some reason and then fainted.

His two older brothers who saw this envied him, the other two brothers are fools as well.

Shion imagined a cold sweat going down her back. ‘What a frightening bunch’, she thought.

Gradually she has begun to not need to hold back against them. If only assessed from durability, the three brothers would rank first place without a doubt.

In this world, there are really frightening people. In various meanings[3].

Whilst Shion was thinking about this, she immediately turned her attention and glared at the approaching troops of Dagruel to her front.

With a simple『Magic Power Perception』, she investigated Dagruel’s army.

She perceived some people with large amounts of energy. However, only a few of them were worth watching out for. If it’s with her current power, enemies that she should be cautious to that extent did not exist.

However, that’s assuming that the results of the『Magic Power Perception』were accurate.

At least the Demon Lord Dagruel seems to be a martial artist who had had a one vs one battle against Veldora in the past. Shion’s perception hadn’t perceived anyone who had such huge power amongst the troops.

That reminded her……

Suddenly Shion remembered it. That Veldora and Dagruel had talked about training to suppress their magic power.

(No, it can’t be. It’s not something that can be so easily attained. I want to think that……)

However, she felt that it was possible when she thought about the growth speeds of Dagruel’s sons and their foolish tenacity.

‘I’ll think about it when the time comes’, thus Shion made up her mind after she gave up thinking about it.

Dagruel’s army had shown its perfect appearance.

Chain of Restraint Titan Army, total number 100.000.

Shion’s army was advantageous in number. Yet it might be inferior in terms of quality.

There were Giant Ogres and Cyclops. Even big shots like some Hecatoncheires[4] of the Titan races.

Various types of giants were approaching in crowds.

In Shion’s honest impression, ‘No matter how many bones there are, it wouldn’t matter, right?’ or so she thought.

「Oh dear, what a magnificent view. This may be a bit harsh for my cute skeletons.」

「A bit?」

「……somewhat, it’s a bit tough, but they should manage somehow or another.」

「Ho….. do you have a plan?」

「Hmm, I can’t say it’s a plan, but Albert’s command abilities are quite good.

In addition, please look at them properly. The equipment of the Pawn Soldiers are complete.」

Shion noticed it as Aldaman said it to her.

Needless to say about the Death Knights, the Pawn Soldiers were equipped with leather armor.

It was the best quality goods with the Tempest mark and made in the dwarf’s workshop.

The Pawn Knights were, surprisingly, only equipped with simple breastplates.

They seemed to be stingily made with demon steel exclusively for the skeletons to use, but the performance was guaranteed. Judging from the dull light they’re emitting, they might be charged magic items.

As one might expect, the Zombie Soldiers received cheap makeshift equipment……

「Hey…… aren’t you overdoing things? How did you obtain that amount of demon steel?」

「What? It was an easy matter. From various sources, like the melted cheap equipment from adventurers, or iron ores I procured via Arnaud.

Oh yes, from everyone of the imperial soldier before, it was a joyous thing for there were so many people who had quite good equipment!

However, the most delicious was the Iron Golem Subjugation though.」

Shion understood Adalman’s explanation whom had been speaking in a cheerful voice.

He was not just playing inside the labyrinth, it seemed that he was also steadily collecting materials.

Among the monsters included in the golem group which sometimes appears, Iron Golems contain an abundance of iron. Whenever such a monster was defeated, he would store it inside the labyrinth, and then high quality demon steel was completed before anyone realizes.

Whilst doing combat training against Iron Golems, material can be collected too. It was precisely killing two birds with one stone.

As things are now, the other floor guardians might do something to raise money too.

(Tte, by any chance has he been earning more money than me!?)

Shion is a former monster and doesn’t have any deep attachments towards money. However, she has recently been having quite a hard time thinking of a way to prepare equipment for her subordinates.

In the first place, Shion was always unconcerned about money and other such things. It was only a recent change for her to begin paying attention to such matters. ‘It’s ridiculous for me to make money’, and thus Shion didn’t have any money.

The first priority of the workshops of Tempest was the second army led by Gerudo.

Recently, the equipment had been distributed to all of its members, though the maintenance was also a problematic issue since there are a lot of members. Since the equipment was made from demon steel, it would repair itself from the majority of damage, however it was also a fact that it was mostly used up for them.

Next was the businesses for selling to the adventurers.

Because this was a national policy, it could be that the aim is to earn foreign currencies, so Shion couldn’t interfere.

Thus, by reserving her free time, she had laboriously obtained the equipment through wholesale.

Of course, it was for free.

Because, they were all things that had been made by the blacksmiths for practice, which were then handed over to her.

She hadn’t had any dissatisfaction until now, however it was not amusing for her that the simple Pawn Soldiers were equipped with magic armor.

Before the Empire came to attack, she had received a number of sets of armor from Rimuru. They were beautiful full plates all with a certain bluish purple color.

However, it was only given to the members of Yomigaeri and the commanders, it had not been distributed to the newcomers that had recently joined. For them, the similarities in their equipment were limited to the color.

Since it couldn’t be helped, she was going to report it to Rimuru with the thought of getting new equipment, but……

After seeing how the newcomer Adalman hadn’t relied on Rimuru and had prepared the equipment by himself, it made Shion have second thoughts.

‘It seems I have depended too much on Rimuru-sama’ so.

(What a guy! I will display that we can procure equipment by ourselves!)

Suddenly, Shion mustered her motivation.

Regardless, in front of them stood an army of giants in large suits of armor. Materials that they were free to take.

「Listen you guys. I won’t say much. But do you guys understand what you need to do?」

「「「Uooooooo!! One’s equipment is gained by one’s own efforts!!」」」

In response to Shion’s question, the elite corps displayed their motivation.

Shion nods satisfied to that.

Adalman, who was next to her, felt that something was a little off, however he couldn’t quite place it.

Adalman, because he has a perspective similar to that of a human, he had bribed the craftsmen through various means in order to receive the equipment.

He wouldn’t say unreasonable things such as ‘Do it for free!’ like Shion.

(Not good. It would be better for me to not say anything to Shion-dono.)

Yesterday, a guy had suddenly appeared and claimed that Rimuru was dead, Aldaman had a hard time calming Shion down.

‘Rimuru-sama won’t perish that easily!’ He had frantically calmed Shion, ‘The blessing hasn’t disappeared, so in the worst case he may have been sealed somewhere’ was how he tried to convince Shion into calming down.

However,

「Sealed you say!? Then, I must leave immediately in order to help him!!」

To Shion who began to say unreasonable things,

「The enemy’s commander is approaching!

Umm, if it’s the person named Dagruel, he might know about the details!」

He said that, and thus succeeded in turning Shion’s anger towards the enemy.

Even this time, with the matter about the armor, he had nearly ended up picking a fight with Shion, as such he was scared about whether she would snatch the Pawn Soldiers’ armor.

No, Adalman certainly thought that it wasn’t strange to make a comparison about the quality of the equipment even though the Pawn Soldier are small fry compared to Shion’s Elite corps.

Adalman had felt relieved since he was splendidly able to divert Shion’s attention away.

The tongue is the origin of calamity. Saying needless things will just catch Shion’s interest, and dwelling on it any further could be dangerous, was what Adalman thought.

Therefore, he pointed her aggression towards the enemy,

「Well then, Shion-dono. May I perform the opening strike?」

He asked.

He was worried that if he did as he pleased, afterwards there would be complaints from her.

If Shion was the one who opened the battle, he would only be able to support. Since it would be impossible for him to use his large scale attacks as he would hit his allies as well once both army collides.

So if possible, he wanted to be the one who opened the battle, however…... that was solely up to Shion’s decision.

「Very well, I will permit you to do it. You better rampage to your heart’s content!」

Shion gave permission whilst in high spirits, as the prospect of obtaining equipment was in sight.

Shion’s cold eyes gazed like a predator who had her prey in sight.

When Adalman heard Shion’s words,

「Thank you very much. Well then!」

He bowed to Shion and moved elsewhere.

Shion who saw that, laughed lightly.

‘To the ones who mock the Great Demon Lord Rimuru, die!

And if by any chance Rimuru-sama is sealed, I will show that I will rescue him.’

Those were her thoughts.

By the way, she was satisfied as she seemed to be about to be able to renew her subordinates’ equipment and also able to go wild against a suitable foe.

At the same time, in her mind, a cool-headed calculation was being carried out.

Though their numbers surpass the enemy’s, they were inferior in terms of quality. She mustn’t look down on this battle.

Worst case scenario, even if she loses her entire army, she thought that it may be necessary in order to defeat Dagruel.

In the sky and on the ground.

Since when being attacked from two sides, the defense will immediately collapse should one of the sides be defeated.

Even in the worst case, this side must absolutely not be defeated.

Shion engraved that fact in her mind whilst conversing with the fools and Adalman.

Glancing at Dagura, Ryura, and Debura, the three that are Dagruel’s sons, Shion thought even further.

How strong is Dagruel, truly?

Dagruel seems to have two younger brothers too, and the ability of those two are yet unknown.

They are opponents that she must never be careless with.

Even so, the victor will be me!

Shion smiled fearlessly still.

Her smile encouraged her allies and gave them strength.

The battle would begin soon.

* * *

[1] EN: For once, I have to agree with Shion's tsukkomi.

[2] It’s a pun that doesn’t translate well. The pun is: Shion says: 私も丸くなったものだ. 丸くなった means her personality become rounded/mellowed. Someone that is rounded (belly) is fat, so the Dagura heard it and interpret it as: I have become fat / gain weight). Hence the pun…

[3] Yeah, like how there’re three creepy M who adores you. XD

[4] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hecatoncheires The singular form: Hecatoncheir (meaning “Hundred-Handed Ones"), also called the Centimanes. They are a giant/Titan with a hundred arms.





Chapter 206: Vs Dagruel Part 2


Adalman stood on the back of the Death Dragon, Wenti, as he glared at the ground.

Wenti who was soaring high in the sky with her original appearance, that of a wicked dragon, was scattering around an ominous aura.

Human who have weak resistance will die just by being exposed to her aura. However, on the contrary it gives power to Adalman.

‘Fumu’ with a nod, Adalman began thinking.

Making pre-battle statements would be futile as the oppositions opinion was so far off.

Against Dagruel’s army, which already invaded and trespassed the national borders, even warning is meaningless.

If that’s the case, he decided that it might be okay for him to cast a very flashy extreme magic as the sign of the start of the war.

Adalman begins to chant the incantation.

Though he can use it without chanting, he lengthily chants it because of old habits and spiritual buildup.

However, this incantation of his, he thought that chanting it properly is better than going the easy route.

The reason why is, it can’t be used inside the labyrinth――or rather, it was unusable due to him lacking the magic power while he was alive――he had the knowledge, but this is the first time he’s decided to use the magic for real.

If it's for a flashy magic, then it will be good. Such was his idea.

Trying not to be too eager chanting the incantation for the first time in his life, he looks at the ground and determine the sphere of influence of the magic.

He didn’t care whether it will activate or not.

According to the ancient documents, it’s an extreme magic that needs several Archmages to activate it.

It’d be funny if he couldn’t invoke the magic, fortunately there’s no witnesses here. So, he will just cast a different magic at that time.

(Well now, this magic will become the signal for the start of the war. Please succeed!)

While Adalman prayed so, the perfect magic mastery effect of the Ultimate Gift 『Necromicon』is activated.

Adalman’s knowledge is being corrected by Seeker of Truth, and words are engraved into his mind. It seems that if he succeed in chanting the spell in the first time, he will be able to invoke the magic immediately for the second time.

(Ah, I see…… in this case, I understand that chanting the incantation is not necessary.)

Filled with a pleasant feeling of fulfillment, Adalman understood his ability.

And then ――[1]

「Well then, you better experience this properly――an ancient extreme magic[2]――”Tempest Meteor[3]”!!」

――In an instant, glittering dazzling lights pours down from the magic formation that appeared suddenly in the sky.

It’s as beautiful as the wonder of a starry night……. However, it’s a dreadful light that brings forth death and destruction.

Even though it’s a grand magic that would need several Archmages of old to successfully cast, the completed extreme magic of Adalman is several levels above it in scale and power. And it’s magic that starts with Tempest in its name symbolizing their country.

With the correction of Ultimate Gift『Necromicon』, he had shown this world the perfected result.

The best that the past Archmages able to summon were just several meteorites.

Even so, it was a grand magic of strategic-class showing a great effect as anti-army magic, but…… the number of meteorites summoned by the magic that Adalman invoked exceeds 1.000.

The ground is rained down by meteorites with diameter of 50cm~1m, spreading death to Dagruel’s troops.

Even if the giants are known for their superior regeneration power, there’s no meaning if they received damage they can’t regenerate. The limbs that tried to catch the meteorite are blown off, and their heads are crushed.

The giant race who intended to invade with their huge power is at their wit’s end as they weren’t even able to escape.

The extreme magic that Adalman cast showed more effect than he had intended.

Only by one magic, nearly one third of Dagruels army became unable to fight.

「Look, Gadra. As I expected, my magic is wonderful right?」

Surprised by the result having more effect than expected, Adalman boasts it to his companion, Gadra, like it’s natural.

Because his bone face doesn’t have an expression, he’s safe knowing that his true feelings weren’t exposed.

Being able to boast to the man who is his rival is the greatest thing, above all else.

It was not amusing for Gadra who came to this war against his will, but he can’t help admitting the power of Adalman’s extreme magic.

For Gadra-roushi who is a newcomer, he wanted to attain some achievement.

You see, since he earned his affiliation with Demon Lord Rimuru only by deserting the Empire, it was painful, not being useful at all.

This war was a competition for the hegemony of this world. He thought, if he couldn’t be useful now, he’d end up being useless throughout in his career history.

Although he’s taken part in the discussion of various researches, he’s not satisfied with just that.

「Humph. Shut up! I will show you the real extreme magic!

It’s just that, because my magic power is not enough, could I have you cooperate with me……

(Rather, what the heck is this guy, how can he learn such magic!? His forte should be Divine Magic and Undead Magic though……

This kind magic is my specialty you know…… I’m, sad.)」

Gadra with Adalman’s cooperation commencing the chant of the incantation while harboring an indescribable feeling.

Gadra receives the aid of Ultimate Gift『Grimoire』and understand the principle of the incantation as well as Adalman.

(Indeed, this is really wonderful! Unfortunately, I didn’t have enough energy even with my magic power……)

Gadra regrets that he’s unable use the magic just with his own power, but it can’t be helped and he come to a clear decision.

He had reincarnated repeatedly and was proud of his enormous amounts of energy, far more than most people, but compared with the high-ranking of Tempest, he is just an insignificant person.

There’re frustrated feelings of being defeated by Adalman who once was his rival, but he understands that being prideful is useless.

So he chooses the strongest magic in his knowledge and begins to chant it.

The highest level of darkness magic that even Adalman don’t know.

While Adalman just used probably one of the highest level summoning spells. If Adalman is able to use summoning arts, it’s not strange that its application usage reached the ultimate level.

‘Then, with the highest level of darkness magic he’s most skillful in, let’s show it in this place!’ Gadra thought so.

And――

「Oh thou who suffers in everlasting starvation, heed my call! “Nihilistic Hazard[4]”!!」

The strongest of Divine Magic is the ultimate anti-personnel destruction magic “Disintegration” which is well-known.

It’s known that there’re a few people who can use it, but its high power is guaranteed.

It’s said that person who receives a direct hit and can survive doesn’t exist[5]. However, if there’s weakness of this magic, it might be that it’s a single target magic.

The attack range is extremely short. It was a natural reason why the magic has a high power, but against an army it was a useless magic.

Because he’s well informed about this matter, it might be why Adalman used the strongest spell in summoning magic――

――And what Gadra chose was the opposite of “Disintegration”, the strongest large-scale annihilation spell of darkness magic.

A very large magic formation emerges on the ground and the sky.

And, like connecting the sky and the ground, dark electric discharge begun to appear――and innumerable spheres of electricity were released.

The fang of darkness that swallows all substances.

It’s darkness magic that brings void to this world and is considered as one of the forbidden spells.

The void let loose in the world doesn’t vanish until it’s negative energy turns null.

Everyone inside the barrier of the magic formation that links the ground and the sky is devoured and their existence is erased.

It was one of the ultimate magics that was feared, as a mistake in its control can bring destruction to the world.

「Wahahahaha! How’s that! Amazing right!?」

「You fool! What are you thinking! If I didn’t help you, you would absolutely fail to control it you know?!」

「Th, that’s might be right, but I want to be in the spotlight too!」

「That’s not an excuse! To use such dangerous magic……」

Adalman is stunned.

Certainly, as this world might be destroyed if Gadra fails his control of the magic, Gadra can’t make any excuse.

He was confident in his control, but he almost loses his consciousness as he didn’t have enough energy.

He succeeded in his experiment before with his own energy, and the best he could do was to confine several people inside the field. It’s only to the degree of better than an anti-personnel spell.

It was barely a success at that time, but it would end with casualty that a village disappeared in case he failed in his control.

That’s because he was only putting a little energy in it, when he put enormous magic essence to invoke the magic like what they done right now, the world will be really in crisis.

But, that’s only the story if he failed.

「We-well, it’s all good right. It’s a success!」

Gadra who’s not reflecting, could be called as a degenerate mad genius.

Adalman letting out a given up sigh as he recalled the thing.

It would be useless even if he says anything anyway, in fact, there’s no problem since he succeeded.

Besides, they seemed to succeed in greatly reducing the number of the enemy’s army with two extreme magic.

As the giant race could be said as a lump of energy, they seem not to be totally annihilated as they can counter the minus energy.

But still, when compared to their original number, the number had already decreased by a half. Normally in such situation people would give up the war and withdraw.

Then what will be their choice……?

With that thought, Adalmans group would breathlessly witness it with their eyes.

――The Giants continue their attack without minding the death of their comrades.

Those who avoided instant death regenerated from their damage with their transcendence regeneration like it was nothing ――They didn’t show any behavior indicating that they mind about their decrease in number.

Their appearance is very eerie and aroused fear to those who opposed them.

But that’s in case the people who fight them had a sense of fear.

Adalman and co are fed up after seeing the attitude of Dagruel’s army.

「Good grief…… Do those people didn’t feel fear?」

「Not at all, I guess. Usually when thinking about countermeasures, they should have pull back immediately.」

Looking at each other face, the two nod in agreement of each other’s thoughts.

「Should we fall back?」

「Yeah. We used too much magic power. Let’s withdraw.

However, I’m glad that my corps is the Immortal Legion, which don’t fear death.

The Giant race army, which thought nothing of death, they’re more difficult than a mere death soldier……」

「Completely. But, it’s good that we can reduce their number here.

They’re still a threat even with such number, but they would be defeated if the clash begins as they didn’t know anything.」

「There’s no meaning having the advantage of number. Oh well, let’s return and report it to Shion-dono」

Adalman caressed the head of the Death Dragon Wenti and gave her an order to withdraw.

He succeeded in the opening by delivering a blow to the enemy with his magic accordingly to his original objective. There’s no need to stay too long in the place.

He comes back quickly as he need to report the threat of Dagruel’s army.

Their fearsome points were their immovable mind and their super regeneration.

Even though it’s possible to revive the Immortal Legion, it would be of course impossible if they were crushed into small pieces.

He has the premonition that the giants with their overwhelming destructive power will trample on the Immortal legion.

Oh well, that’s fine.

Anyway, Adalman think that it’s good as long as they’re able to decrease the number of the giants.

(At any rate, I need to return and discuss about this.)

Adalman returned to the camp while thinking about what would happen later.

　−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−

The total number of Chain of Restrain Titan Army was approximately 100.000.

For his army to be reduced by about 50.000 before the clash with the enemy main force, even for Dagruel, it was a miscalculation

For Dagruel, however, he didn’t feel the loss at all.

That is because the people killed by the magic had little strength and have no luck.

It’s true that it was a splendid magic.

But, falling back due to what can be assumed as anti-group magic is something that a soldier couldn’t do.

In fact, the steps of the true main force of the people he trusted will not be hindered by anyone.

The magic a while ago was certainly splendid.

Probably it’s the work of that Ghost King named Adalman who visited him to construct the transfer magic formation before.

As expected, he has a superb ability.

And also his magician friend who looks like a wise man, it wouldn’t be strange if the second magic is his work.

They’re a wonderful people. As an enemy, they make his heart excited.

It just unfortunately, Dagruel can’t be defeated by magic.

Because, as a true giant, he has the absolute ability called『Magic Nullity』.

By activating the Anti Magic Guard (Absolute Magic Defense), it will automatically neutralize all magic attacks.

As long as he has this ability, he can ignore all magic attacks.

Therefore, people who killed by the current magic are weak and an existence which can to be thrown away.

Suddenly, he thinks about his sons, Dagura, Ryura and Debura, those three.

They’re going to fight against him, but what kind of fight they will show to him?

His sons whom only have big power because he raised them indulgently, but their actual ability is not really much.

Everyone around Dino said that handing over the throne to those sons are fine, though he ignored it…..

It’s must be the work of that crafty guy. Anyway, he let him corrupt his sons, and it might be a compliment that he thought to add them as his subordinates.

……Or possibly, his aim might be actually was to deprave Dagruel and making him retire after foreseeing this current situation.

As a matter of fact, he was anticipating the current, this situation.

――By depraving and making Dagruel retire, is it possible to escape from Veldanava’s rule?

‘Am I thinking into it too much?’ so Dagruel denied the thought .

That good-natured friend of his is also affiliated with Velda. That’s right, we two can’t go against Velda’s order.

Because it’s absolutely impossible to go against their creator master.

But, in case of his sons, they’re released from that curse.

(That’s right, I….. Did I wish for my sons to live freely?)

Even so, Dagruel won’t hold back if they stand in front of him as an enemy.

(They should be stronger. At least, they could last for a bit against me.)

Dagruel has no hesitation.

He only accomplishes his mission.

Simple and frank, as he was a soldier.

And so――

The power of the Giants sweep over this battlefield.

* * *

[1] In case you just realize, the Author omitted the incantation XD.

[2] 極大魔法 Kyokudai Mahou, if you watch or read Magi you’ll know about this word.

[3] 爆覇流星嵐 Bakuha ryuseiran : Supreme Exploding Meteor Storm.

[4] 絶牙虚無災害 Zekkibakyomu saigai : Severing Fang Nihility Calamity

[5] There’s though





Chapter 207: Vs Dagruel Part 3


Dagruel's forces continued marching forward.

Although the lines crumbled for a short period, by the time they made contact with the Immortal Legion the lines had already reformed.

Accepting the deaths of their comrades as though nothing has happened, they overcame the hurdle and continued moving onward.

Within their eyes, was their absolute faith and fealty to Dagruel.

The giants marched onwards, embodying the statement "There is nothing to fear!".

2 hours after the battle started.

The battlefield had fallen into a stalemate.

The majority of the giants were roughly 3~5m in height, among them were also super big individuals towering at 10m in height.

At first the giants pushed against the Immortal Legion making use of their size, crushing the skeletons as though twigs, but as time passed the situation changed like the flip of a coin.

Because of Adalman's usage of his Undead magic's ultimate arts.

Using the scattered bodies of the Skeletons, Giant Skeletons were summoned. And what these huge bodies equipped, were Magic Weapons that are made from fusing together heaps of magic steel weapons.

As the vessel was composed from the unity of many Grudges of the Dead, the weapons that they previously wielded adapted and changed to suit their present form.

With that, multiple Skeleton Giants at 7m in height were created.

While the giants were making up for their handicap in numbers with their combat prowess and size, they started to lose that advantage with the emergence of the Giant Skeletons.

The Immortal Legion was clad in a holy aura, with Heal Rain (Light of Recovery), which would normally burn them to cinders, being cast over them by Adalman; this gave a new meaning to the word "undying".

They would recover on the spot, no matter how much they get battered and broken.

But, the giants weren't losing out either.

Whatever injuries that are inflicted upon their bodies, as long as it isn't fatal damage, they will steadily regenerate and recover.

As neither side has been losing numbers, the situation was just a back and forth of them trading blows.

‘So, what's the plan now.’

On the outer walls, which have been enchanted with a barrier which prevents intrusion from monsters, was Shion, standing atop the highest point and viewing the battlefield with a bird's eye view.

Due to Adalman and Gadra's great magic attack, their forces now outnumber the enemy 3 to 1.

At first they thought they might be able to achieve an overwhelming victory, but according to Adalman's report, the giants showed no fear.

Then he reported something even more troublesome, their Super Regeneration.

Though the Immortal Legion has stopped getting knocked around, the number of casualties for the giants was lower than expected.

While the Big Giants are busy fighting the Giant Skeletons, the Death Knights would move in to finish a foe.

That was the plan of action they decided upon, but it was still easier said than done.

Though Shion's elite guard, the Terror Knights, were kept in reserve, Shion came to the conclusion that even if they were to be mobilized, they wouldn't be able to make much of an impact on the battlefield with their fear inducing abilities.

The reason was obviously because there won't be much of an effect, on enemies that don't feel fear. Chances are the effects would be easily Resisted.

This is troublesome.... Shion thought, as she bit her lip.

Shortly after the battle started, they had a brief strategic meet with Adalman who just returned.

As they can't count on their advantage in numbers, they decided to probe the enemy for information by making use of the Immortal Legion's undead property.

It was a conservative move, but for the sake of discerning the enemy's capabilities, they reached the consensus of avoiding a full scale clash at the very beginning.

In addition, there was a point of concern that Gadra spoke of.

「I found it to be a little perplexing, how did they disperse the “Nihilistic Hazard”....?

To me, it looked as though they were nullifying the magic――」

That was what he said.

As he has spent all his Energy and was unable to cast another volley of Great Magic, it was his intuition as a Great Magic User that gave him the feeling that something was amiss.

The meteor attacks also didn't cause as much damage as was expected, but it was how unnaturally his “Nihilistic Hazard” was dispersed that really gave rise to his suspicions.

It might just be him imagining things, but it's better to take note of this.

It's not like Shion could use magic, but attacks that made use of energy could be affected too. It was expected to at least be wary in case it really happens.

Shion was observing the battlefield, as she thought of such details.

Standing by behind her, were Dagura, Ryuura and Debura.

What they were looking at, was an individual who looks like a commanding officer of Dagruel's forces, who was locked in a duel with Albert.

The officer wielded a great sword like it was part of his body, he showed great pride in his strength, setting him apart from his peers. It looks like Albert is the only one able to stand up against him.

The man moved nimbly and skillfully, uncharacteristic of his bulky build at 3m in height.

Seeing as he is up against the ultra first class swordsmanship from Albert, him being able to battle toe to toe with Albert was abnormal as it is.

「What a strength. To think there would be a warrior who lives by the sword among the giants.」

「Right. That's our old man's adjutant, uncle Grasword.」

Dagura answered, from hearing what Shion muttered.

Grasword. An ultra first rate two handed sword user. And, the second-in-command of the giant forces.

Though his total Energy levels are lower than Dagruel, it is said that his swordsmanship is at a higher level instead.

If you look at it from another perspective, it might be Albert who is the abnormal one, being able to cross swords with such an individual.

He was parrying heavy attacks that would normally crush opponents as though a flowing willow, he's even adding in counterattacks.

It was a feat possible only due to the full set of Gods class equipment he was bestowed with. That was because if it was equipment of Legend class or below, it would have shattered from receiving the first attack.

Due to Grasword's abilities『Magic Immunity』and『Weapon Destruction』.

Normal equipment would be destroyed the moment they made contact. Armor would also be destroyed, and his opponent would then have to receive his killer attacks "naked".

That, was knowledge that was known to only Dagura and his brothers at that moment, and Albert being the only one able to put up a proper fight against him was a coincidence that was nothing short of a miracle.

But, it was ironic that nobody knew, the fact that this coincidence has been narrowly preventing the collapse of the front lines, if you can call it irony that is.

Though the threat was there, as there was someone who was able to stand against and hold back the threat, the danger the threat posed was not noticed by the others.

However, all that was irrelevant to the 2 persons in question. Such things were the least of their worries, as they duked it out ever more intensely.

「Hmm, our old man ain't making his move. Should we move in to face him, if he actually shows movement?」

「Don't be getting excited just yet. It's obvious, but I'll be the one to face him. You boys lead the Terror Knights and prevent any potential interruptions.」

「Roger that. But, it's better to not underestimate our old man.

Though Nee-san might be pretty powerful, our old man's a real monster.」

Shion and co. had such exchanges, while they turned their attention to the main enemy encampment.

There were no signs of movement. But, that instead gave off an extremely ominous atmosphere.

It felt dangerous to make the first move, as there is no movement from the main enemy encampment.

It still didn't feel like the proper opportunity to move her elite forces yet, but the present situation isn't going to change from them just staring at it.

The frustration was starting to set in on Shion.

(Should I just go with an all out attack?)

Right as Shion was contemplating such thoughts.

Suddenly, a change to the situation occurred.

The change was as intense as it was sudden.

「That's....」

Hearing Ryura's muttering, Shion, who was looking at Albert and Grasword's battle, diverted her attention.

A certain individual, was walking out from Dagruel's main encampment.

Wrapped in layer upon layer of chains, was a man who looks like he lost too much weight.

At a height of 2.5m, he was of a smaller frame than what you would expect of the giants.

But, despite being chained all over, the intense presence coming from him drew more attention than any other giant could.

Their natural instincts were appealing desperately, at how dangerous that man is.

「T-that's.... Is that, our uncle that has been sealed for the longest time? 」

「So that's.... Feared and known as the War God, the Rampaging Kishin[1].... Uncle Fenn!?」

「Fueーfue fue fue. I'm gettin' hungry!」

Without saying anything, another corkscrew punch made its way to Debura's gut.

And,

「You had your fill with that? Next time you say something as irrelevant as that, don't think you're gonna survive!」

Shion angrily said her piece.

But, the tension was broken thanks to Debura's dumb interjection.

They began observing that individual, now that they have calmed down.

The chains were writhing and pulsing. There was a smile on the man's face, even though he looked like he was heavily restricted by the weird chains.

The kind of smile, that show just how elated a person is.

A simple probe, showed that his predicted Energy levels surpassed Dagruel.

Shion was surprised.

Though there were many beings that had high Energy levels among her comrades, this made them look like children in comparison.

This, to Shion's knowledge, was at the highest level――it was at the class of the True Dragons, he was comparable to Veldora or Velgrind.

「No shit.... That guy is one heck of a beast! Isn't it pretty much impossible for you boys to face "That"!?」

Shion exclaimed.

It was unexpected that there would be another monster of this level besides Dagruel.

She thought it was excessive, to have 2 members of the 12 Guardians here.

As Demon Lord Ruminas was also here.

No matter how "big" Demon Lord Dagruel was, it shouldn't be too difficult to handle as there was 3 awakened demon lord class beings here, were her thoughts.

But having reached this point, she recognizes how naive that thought was.

She has also noticed, that it was just really good luck, that Albert is able to keep the second-in-command in check all by himself.

「This, is way nastier than what was expected. So that, is our other uncle――Fenn, huh.」

「You don't say, a monster of that level was unexpected, even for me....

Uncle Grasword was bad enough already, uncle Fenn is on a whole other level――」

「Fueーfue fue. That skinny bones, Imma bet I can beat him easily if it's weight we're talking about!」

‘Maybe I should really kill this fatso.’

As Shion was thinking that, something happened to the chained man.

The chains, were being released.

「Those chains, is that Gleipnir!? If that's the case, this would be pretty dangerous yes?」

Gadra-roushi who has been standing by behind them, spoke up to Shion.

As he has used all his Energy earlier, Gadra-roushi has been resting after the end of their meeting, but has woken up from noticing the changes in the battlefield's atmosphere.

「Oh, it's Gadra huh. So, what's that Gleipnir?」

「Right. This is something that has only been passed down in ancient texts....

It is said, that during the age of gods, the dragon emperor sealed an evil god[2].

2 of the 3 brothers turned over a new leaf, but as the remaining sibling chose to retain his brutal nature, he was sealed with the Chains of God.

Gleipnir, are the names of the Chains of God.」

Gleipnir.

Chains that sealed an evil god who emitted immense amounts of Energy.

If the legends are true, the chains will have been absorbing the Energy emitted from the evil god, and have "evolved".

During that time period, these chains were said to be the possession of the dragon emperor, and was able to seal both divine and demonic beings. In the current era, it wouldn't be surprising if it had properties on par with God class artifacts.

But, what was truly terrifying, was not the chains.

The evil god which was sealed by those very chains, was what they needed to be wary of.

「Do you think the stories are true?」

「I'm afraid so.... My advice for the best course of action, would be to retreat.」

Shion frowned, at Gadra's submissive view.

But, it wasn't out of anger.

For someone as aged and knowledgeable as Gadra, there was a certain "weight" for him to give such advice to Shion, whom he is fully aware of her aggressive nature.

That, was a warning, coming from someone who knows how capable the 12 guardians are.

「We will not retreat.

We, have been given orders from Rimuru-sama to defend these lands.

To retreat, would be to go against Rimuru-sama's will.

As of now, as Rimuru-sama is concealing himself, that means we have been given the reins on how we intend to end this great war.

But! That will only happen after we manage the problem that we have here at this location.

We have our orders, and we shall not fail to execute them.

This represents our faith in Rimuru-sama, and also serves to prove that Rimuru-sama's strategies are the proper answer.

Any objections?」

「――There are none.」

「Alright.」

That's right, retreat was out of the question.

To them, retreating would be the same as saying Rimuru's strategy was mistaken, as he was the one who judged that Shion and co. would be able to successfully defend this land.

Such thoughts will never be acknowledged

On the off chance that defeat actually occurs.... That defeat too, would have been accepted as Orders from Rimuru.

Having received Shion's intense will, the disposition of Shion's elite guard changed.

The elite guard standing by at the outer peripheral walls overheard the conversation between Gadra and Shion.

If a conversation isn't conducted privately, the contents are usually transmitted to the vicinity. The elite guard made their preparations, having received Shion's will.

Meanwhile――

Fenn makes his move.

He traverses the battlefield at incredible speeds, moving as though he was the wind itself.

And finishes his sprint by launching an offensive against Adalman, who was at the rear lines supporting his allies with magic.

Adalman, who was supposed to be protected by many layers of magic barriers, was knocked onto the ground in a single blow.

Fenn grasps the initiative of their battle in an instant.

The battlefield was visited by a terrifying silence

「Im, impossible-!! What speed, no, power!?

Adalman constantly protects himself with a myriad of magic barriers, how did he―!?」

Shion shouted.

Such bewildering power. Adalman was brought to the ground, from an attack that was simply a punch brimming with fighting spirit, without the use of any abilities.

Though Death Dragon Wenti immediately went to Adalman's aid, she too was sent flying from a simple Aura Bullet released from Fenn's palm.

After seeing this unreal combat power, Shion wasn't even trying to hide her surprise.

Adalman looks like a rear support type, so it is assumed that he isn't suited to close quarters battles.

Even if that was the case, he still is one of the 12 guardians, evasion via teleporting should have been possible after using high speed cognition.

As he wasn't able to do that, the chances of the opponent having some kind of cognition obstruction effect or ability are now very high.

What an enemy, I need to head to his aid soon――

Just as Shion was thinking about that,

「Fumu. To still spectating, in front of me.... That's some composure you got there, hmm?」

Shion hears a voice behind her.

This is Shion's main camp, so having multiple defensive barriers in place is a no brainer.

It is possible, to ignore all of those barriers, and in addition, to be able to stand behind Shion without her even realizing it?

There's no way that's possible! As Shion thought, and she turns around.

There stood a towering giant.

Standing right on the peripheral wall, right behind Shion.

With his sturdy 3m tall build, it was Demon Lord Dagruel.

She had met him once during Walpurgis, but the King's Haki he is exuding now was incomparable to when she met him in the past.

「You, when did you!?」

「Fumu. I have arrived here, just moments earlier. Could it be, that you didn't see me arrive?

If that's the case, this won't even be a fight. It's starting to feel like a joke trying to take this seriously.」

「This can’t be! I'm not believing this!!」

Shion drew her sword as she shouted.

“Impossible”. Shion was trying to calm herself down by telling herself "He must be bluffing.".

There was no way she was going to accept the fact that a giant just moved to such close proximity of herself without her even managing to see it happen.

Accepting this fact, was almost equal to accepting her defeat.

Shion activates her Unique Skill『Chef』, and using it's matter altering properties, she boosts her own stats.

With her body which has high immortal properties, Shion manages to contain the power which surpasses the limits of what normal beings can handle.

Having reached the output range of an ultimate skill, Shion unleashes a single attack with everything she had.

Shion was planning to defeat Dagruel with this very attack.

「This is bad! The anti-monster barrier on this peripheral wall is going to get blown away with that attack!」

Gadra shouted, as he gets the elite guard to retreat.

Even as she was confirming what was happening at the corner of her vision, Shion went ahead with her slash unto Dagruel.

Dagruel didn't even move.

And, at the very moment Shion's blade was about to make contact with his head――

「HOW NAIVE!!」

He roared.

With enough fighting spirit to shake his surroundings, that pressure alone stopped Shion's swing.

Because of his incredibly dense fighting spirit, Shion's attack didn't even manage to so much as touch Dagruel's skin.

He was every bit of the monster the rumors made him out to be.

「Wha-!?」

Shion's eyes were wide open due to how surprised she was, and she stopped moving for a brief moment.

And, Dagruel wasn't so kind as to miss out on such a critical opening.

「It looks like it's still too early, for someone of your caliber to stand before me.」

With that as his final words for her, he moved towards Shion at speeds she could not perceive and swung his fist down on her.

The peripheral wall crumbles, to the might of his violence.

What happened to Shion, who took a direct hit, was obvious....

This was not something that could be called a "fight".

This was what could be seen as, an absolute being making use of his strength to sweep away an annoyance.

But, at that moment――

「Looks like you're the one who is naive!」

With the sweet scent of roses, a red streak of light flashes and makes contact with Dagruel's head.

From there, descended a silver haired girl.

Wearing a jet black dress, with gold and silver heterochromic eyes which show her shining resolve.

Demon Lord Ruminas.

This was the very moment the ruler of these lands joined the battle.

「Hmph. People like you, usually show openings at the moment of triumph.

As it was a problem for me to break through your defenses, I was observing the situation and letting it pan out waiting for my opportunity.

Looks like you were careless, Dagruel.

Don't think too badly of me, and take a little nap there for the moment.」

As she has said herself, Ruminas has been observing the situation from the very beginning.

She understood that her chances of victory were low, if she were to face Dagruel head on.

Ruminas properly understood the limit of her own abilities, so she didn't think her actions were underhanded.

To fight the battle which she knew she could win. That was her way of life.

She unleashed her most devastating attack, on the careless Dagruel.

As Ruminas was someone who had access to an ability which controlled life and death, it was an attack that had the full intention of slaying her foe.

Which was also why――

「Fumu. So it's Ruminas, huh. And you are right, that I had been careless.

But, could you really say that has been a problem? Did that attack actually damage me?」

Those words caused her to freeze up.

Ruminas was a knowledgeable being, she properly understood what those preposterous words meant.

Which was that Dagruel was unharmed. This event, manages to prove a single fact. That――

「Are you all done now? Now then, it's my turn next.

Brace yourselves! Or it will be over in an instant!!」

As they have not been able to defeat him even with Ruminas' attack, it was a fact that Ruminas' forces would be unable to attain the victory.

A period of despair was beginning.

On these lands, the absolute tyranny of Demon Lord Dagruel was about to sweep across the battlefield.

* * *

[1] Kishin means Fierce God/Oni God, a term for wrathful deities

[2] Akujin (悪神) with Kanji of Evil and God/Deity.





Chapter 208: Vs Dagruel Part 4


The battle between Albert and Grasword grew more intense.

Because each of the commanders were fighting, the chain of command ceased in it’s functioning, as such, the troops fell into disorder.

However, such a matter was a trifling issue for the commanders in question――

Both of them had recognized the other as a worthy opponent and were enjoying the battle.

「Kakakakakaka! Quite the skill you have there, you amazed me.

To have a chance to cross swords with a person like you, it is a great honor as a warrior!」

「This is not by my skill.

Only by these, the equipment which was given to me by my master Rimuru, that have granted me such strength.

If it was with my former equipment, I would already be defeated without being able to so much as endure the pressure of your sword.」

Albert calmly turned aside Grasword’s praise.

It was true, however it was only by Albert’s ability that the power of the God grade equipment was drawn out.

「Ha! No need to be humble. Amongst the Giants, there are only a few who can fight me.

Although we were going to do a pincer attack on Demon Lord Ruminas’ army with the angels ――the situation is now beyond our control.

However, defeating one of the enemy generals is also an important duty. Since there is no lack of opponents!!

Yet…… still, my younger brother Fenn really picked the short straw.

Even though he was this precious opportunity where he can rampage as much as he wants, he received a weak magician as his opponent.

Certainly knowledge is wonderful, as a person that man may have a favorable impression, however……

Because we have『Magic Nullity』, a magician is utterly useless.」

He exclaimed so whilst brandishing his Great Sword.

He planned to make Albert, who was worried about his master, become agitated by his words. A small mistake would lead to death. It was an excellent tactic to induce unrest to the mind of his opponent.

On the other hand, Albert, without changing his expression――

「It seems you are clearly misunderstanding something.

Certainly, I, as the guard of Adalman-sama, am the one in charge of the vanguard.

However, I would like to ask you to not forget this――

Adalman-sama, as one of the 12 Guardian Lords of Rimuru-sama, is far stronger than me!

You understand what that means, right?」

He said that and denied Grasword’s words.

Grasword muttered “Ho?”, and raised one of his eyebrows.

Then he suddenly raise his sword over his head without speaking further.

His strategy to provoke his opponent seemed to have failed, then, in that case he will just beat him from the front. Grasword decided on such a plain and simple tactic.

「Fufufu, is that so? In that case it’s good that Fenn will truly enjoy his battle.

Oh well. Then I shall accomplish my duty!」

And so the intense sword fight restarted.

Their clash reached the climax, before long the two payed no attention to their surroundings, focusing their minds only on their swords.

Being thrown to the ground, Adalman felt that his consciousness was about to disappear for an instant.

He could understand exactly what had occurred. He was able to see the moment the enemy had jumped, matching the timing of the activation of his magic.

Adalman prioritized the incantation of the great magic in order to overturn the situation of the battle.

Even though he could invoke the magic without the chant, it was limited to the image of what he had experienced before.

As for the great magic that he was about to use, He considered that chanting was necessary in order to invoke it successfully, once he had ascertained the situation.

This reasoning came about because he wanted to use his recovered energy effectively. Especially since, after he had invoked the great magic at the beginning, he had kept on invoking spells one after the other.

That was why he thought that it wouldn’t be amusing if the magic incantation that he had been working on, was interrupted part-way, so he focused his concentration on the invocation of said spell.

He had decided such only because he was confident with his defenses against physical attacks, yet......

The enemy’s ability seemed to have surpassed what Adalman had expected.

His multiple barriers were all broken through, hardly even one of his defensive measures showed any effect. If not for that one defensive measure, there was a possibility that Adalman would have received a fatal blow at that moment.

Though, it’s kind of strange to say that he, who is already dead, would receive a fatal wound again.

(How!? For him to penetrate my magic barriers as if he was ignoring them, does that mean that this guy’s ability is actually『Magic Nullity』!?)

Adalman had arrived to the correct answer instantly.

It was fortunate that what Gadra had hinted at before came into his mind.

If that’s the case, he was correct in preparing a defensive measure other than magic.

(Oh well. After all, this magic will have exhausted my magic power.

Whether it’s『Magic Nullity』or anything else, it already doesn’t matter! Rather it’s convenient for me.)

Though he can’t be said to be unharmed, his plan had succeeded.

The great magic that Adalman had chanted activated without any problems.

The invoked magic was called Immortal Legion.[1]

One of the ultimate magics that have a wide area of effect.

Just like the word “Legion” in the spell name suggests, it was the highest level forbidden spell of Undead Magic which uses and turns the dead into soldiers.

The magic transforms and turns the dead in this battle, regardless whether they were allies or enemies, into soldiers faithful to his command.

Giants have a high regeneration power and don’t die easily.

Because superficial injuries would be restored by themselves, it was necessary to destroy them completely.

Therefore there was the need to wait for corpses to build up in the battlefield…… Watching the state of the battlefield, Adalman had decided that it was the time to use the spell.

For that reason he had concentrated in order to chant the magic.

The bodies of the giants scattered on the ground were combined by the huge magic formation that appeared in the sky and on the ground into several lumps of flesh.

Then limbs appeared from the lumps of flesh, and 4m tall giants were born.

Death Giants, that were one size larger than the Death Knights.

Their fighting power greatly surpassed the power they had whilst alive. Not only from their body’s own properties, they also had enormous energy as the souls of the death giants gathered as one.

Originally, they would lose their regeneration ability when they become zombie, but this trait is kept as is.

They were reborn as monsters with fighting power Over A rank which surpasses even the Death Knights.

Though, since there were many bodies which weren’t completely usable, the number of the created Death Giants were only about 1.000, but it was plenty sufficient.

The created Death Giants attacked the other giants who were their former comrades.

Even though Adalman’s magic power had run out after using Healing Rain, he already stood up as if there was no problem.

Once he had glanced around for an instant and made sure that the Death Giant had begun to rampage, he turned his eyes to Fenn who was trampling upon his army.

「Wenti, are you okay?」

「Yes, I have been careless――」

Wenti who quietly turned into her human form, answered Adalman’s question.

Although it was true that she had received severe damage, her recovery finished at the same time she transformed herself into human form.

It was only usable once a day, but the super recovery is activated due to the change of her body constitution.

「No, no, you’re not careless, it’s just that that small stature giant is strong.

You’re being alright is more important.

From what I see, that giant has a body with unbelievably dense energy.

Looks like he has holy attribute, magic won’t work on him.

Had we not change our attribute into holy attribute, we would have been purified.」

Adalman spoke of the facts plainly.

Like a magician, Adalman’s eyes, which looked at Fenn, were like those of a researcher.

(Even so―― That giant is too strong)

Combat Speed, destructive power, and defense power.

Looking from many aspects, he‘s top class, if you only see the amount of his energy, he’s equal to a True Dragon.

Even if Adalman sent Giant Skeletons (Big Skeleton Knight) against him, they would only be smashed up.

「Good grief. It seems that it’s time for my long trained body.」

「Ha?」

At Adalman’s confusing words, the Death Dragon Wenti, who had pledged her loyalty to Adalman, let out a questioning voice.

Not to mention body, Adalman doesn’t even have flesh. He can only be the so-called ‘skeleton’.

Answering Wenti’s question,

「It seems that I haven’t told you about it. When I took the position of ‘great priest’, my job was different.

Originally, I was a high-ranking class of priest and martial artist which was called Holy Fist Monk[2].

Because there was Albert, who is an excellent vanguard, I didn’t need to perform close range combat.

When I fought against you before, I didn’t think that it would be effective against you who had no human form, so there were no opportunities to show my skills, you see.」

「E, well. But that…… you don’t say, you intend to fight against that giant barehanded?」

「What, is there a problem?」

“Errr, aren’t there various problems though?”

Or so Wenti thought, but she couldn’t say it strongly.

She was his long time acquaintance, but she had never seen Adalman’s figure as that of someone who had trained his body.

“Well, is there any meaning to train as a skeleton?” so, she was troubled whether to even ask about it.

「No, there’s……」

Wenti couldn’t answer.

(For Adalman-sama who seems to be an intellectual, unexpectedly――）

She stopped thinking further about it and turned her eyes towards the rampaging Fenn.

「All right. Then, I will tell you the strategy.

As magic doesn’t work, hit with physical attacks. It’s just that.

Even your breath, which could cause magic essence diversion, would be treated as magic.

Therefore, you and me, who have no means with which to attack, our compatibility with him is horrible.

So, here’s a suggestion.」

Saying so, Adalman began to talk about his plan, it was something outside of Wenti’s imagination.

However, Wenti, who believes in Adalman, agreed without any hesitation.

「I leave the rest to you, Adalman-sama. May fortune be with you!」

So she replied with that answer as she relaxed her body.

The plan that Adalman proposed was, assimilation with possession.

Originally, Adalman, as a ghost, is more like a spiritual lifeform.

It could be said that his current state is merely him possessing his dead body (skeleton). The reason is because he needs a temporary body in order to have influence in the physical world.

Therefore, he can easily perform possession. If Wenti doesn’t resist him, it would certainly succeed.

The problem was, it was unknown whether they could separate or not.

「Be relieved. Even if I possess you, it doesn’t mean your consciousness will disappear.

In the worst case, we’ll ask Rimuru-sama to prepare you a new body!]

And so, Adalman possessed Wenti.

A Death Dragon has a strong body, high magical power, and energy. In addition to that, is Adalman’s own magic power.

The possession succeeded, a young man with black hair, clad in jet-black priest clothes, made his appearance.

「Fumu, it was a success.」

(As expected of Adalman-sama!)

The two became one in mind and body.

With a strong body and possessing enormous magic power, it was the youth figure of “Gehenna Lord” Adalman―― though there were some differences such as the hair color being different and etc.

(Fufu, I’m excited after a long time. If it’s in this state, I might have a good fight against Zegion-dono.

I seem to have become an equal with Ultima-jou[3].)

In his skeleton state, he recalled that he couldn’t have an exchange of fists with his friend.

And so, a fearless smile floated on his face as he flew towards the rampaging giant.

He didn’t believe that he could beat the giant as it was now. But he could buy some time.

Besides, though the giant in front of him is an incarnation of violence, it doesn’t seem that he has high skills like the one fighting against Albert.

Although the giant has energy comparable to a True Dragon, he can only rampaging without reason.

For him to aim at Adalaman first may have been because he had reacted towards the one having the highest energy in the army.

(In that case, we might just defeat him if we perform well.)

(It will naturally be possible, if it’s Adalaman-sama!)

Reacting to Wenti’s thought in his mind, though Adalman was slightly surprised, he nodded frankly.

(That’s so, that’s right! Because I am one of Rimuru-sama’s strongest subordinates.)

And so he charged towards Fenn while laughing happily.

The “Seven Celestial Sages” had finished the reconnaissance mission and reported it to Demon Lord Ruminas.

Afterwards, they followed Ruminas who came to the outer district area in order to confront the giants.

And so they would encounter a surprising situation.

There exists a knight who can fight Grasword, who has been called the strongest ‘Sword King’ that ever existed, on equal terms.

The attack of Ruminas, who is their master whom they adore and respect, hadn’t worked against Demon Lord Dagruel.

And the last thing, a person, with a nostalgic face that they remember seeing somewhere, having started a battle against a rampaging giant who was like a berserker, on equal terms.

These three events were things that happened almost at the same time.

「What, what the heck is this!」

「To be fighting evenly against the Sword King, who is that knight?」

「This bad, this is bad! As it is now, Ruminas-sama will lose!!」

「Hey, wait. That person, surely――」

「Adalman, isn’t he Adalman!!」

「Really!? Then, that knight is Albert!!」

「Those two are Demon Lord Rimuru’s subordinates!? What the heck is this joke!?」

Thinking at the same time, the “Seven Celestial Sages” exchanged the information each of them found.

And sharing all of the information at once, they were wrapped in surprise.

Adalman and Albert were famous in the past.

Adalman who was the Great Priest was a talented master of Holy Magic.

Then, Albert was the strongest Holy Knight of the previous generation.

The two were people who had the qualifications to become the Hero. But the Hero’s egg hadn’t dwelled inside either of them.

Normally, they’d become sages. And, as it was, they’d eventually become saints.

If they couldn’t be the Hero, they only became unnecessary people for the “Seven Celestial Sages”. Furthermore, they were both too much of geniuses.

They hadn’t accepted Ruminas’s Mind Rule, as they were affiliated to the church of Ingrasia Kingdom without staying in the Holy Capital.

In other words, according to the “Seven Celestial Sages” the two had been a two-edged sword.

In ability, the two could become strong individuals which could threaten them, or worst, the two could become existences that would even jeopardize their position.

Although the two hadn’t seemed to notice the existence of Demon Lord Ruminas, it was certain that the two had some kind of doubts about it.

Whilst admitting the ability of those two, to they who wouldn’t become their comrades ――

The “Seven Celestial Sages” had manipulated the Pope and ordered for them to do the purification of a large-scale undead disaster.

It was officially announced as an indirect subjugation request, but the two people had strong senses of justice and bit the bait splendidly.

The two willingly went to Great Jura Forest.

And there, the two would perish while bringing down the Dragon Zombie together as the “Seven Celestial Sages” had planned, or it should have been.

「It can’t be, for him to be alive……」

It was the same thought for all of the “Seven Celestial Sages”.

「Well, what should we do? That’s the question.」

「Right now, it’s almost impossible to defeat Adalman and Albert.」

「Besides, in this situation we don’t have such free time as to have internal conflict.」

「That is so……」

「It would be excellent if the two beat both of the giants. If they lose, we won’t be safe.」

「That’s right. We are to only help the princess.」

「I agree. About those two, let’s think about it after they survive.」

The “Seven Celestial Sages” decided on their plan.

Without using any underhanded plans as the situation was a pressing one.

They threw away their wicked thoughts and moved to attack the enemy as according to the initial plan.

They had, in their own ways, began their action in order to help Demon Lord Ruminas who is their respected and adored master.

* * *

[1] 不死者軍団創造 (イモータルレギオン)。Fushisha Gundan Souzou (Imoutaru region) Fushinsha=Immortal, Undead, Gundan=Army, Souzou=creation. Undead Army Creation.

[2] 聖拳導師 Seiken Doushi, Sei=Holy Ken/Kobushi= Fist, Doushi= Monk.

[3] Jou = Miss, lass.





Chapter 209: Sprout of Envy


Guy and Chloe have been locked in combat for 3 consecutive days.

Although neither of them are taking it seriously, fatal attacks are mixed in every so often.

They are probing each other, trying to discern the scope of their opponent's strength.

「Die, Calamity Claw!!」

「Naive.」

Chloe received the attack that Guy released towards her with the Spirit Sword she wielded.

Her Spirit Armament has evolved into a God class weapon. It hasn’t been destroyed, even while she's used it to receive attacks from the “Strongest Demon Lord” Guy.

Not just that, she makes use of the sword's capabilities to repel Guy's attacks.

Chloe moves in for a counterattack.

But, strength escapes from Chloe's body.

「Gofu!!」(TN: it's a coughing/choking sound)

She began coughing up blood, and blood started flowing from her eyes and nose.

The previous attack was supposed to have been perfectly parried. But, that was only what it looked like on the surface.

An attack invisible to the naked eye made contact with Chloe, and was attempting to take her life――

「Die, Calamity Claw!!」

Without any change in expression, Chloe evaded the attack with large exaggerated movements.

Then, she took stance with her sword pointing towards Guy, like nothing had happened.

Her face, which should have been bloodied after receiving Guy's attack, was now back to her normal pretty face as though nothing ever happened.

It was a mysterious phenomenon, as though showing Guy's earlier attack hadn’t happened――

「Ahhahahahaha! As expected of the hero!! Not shabby at all.

I'm pretty amazed you managed to avoid this attack.」

「――Right.」

「You'd probably be dying right about now, if you received that attack instead.」

Chloe gave a mild response, in return to Guy's honest praise.

She didn't give much of a response, to the many other taunts that came after. That was because, she knew what he said was all true...

Which was the reason, for how complicated she felt on the inside.

The attack that Guy used――Calamity Claw――, was an attack that carried an intense poison property.

But it wasn't something on the level of a "poison", it was an attack that infected the target with an infectious virus, which also corrodes the mind, starting from the point of contact.

In fact, Chloe has... Really "died" once to this attack.

Although her absolute defense automatically blocks incoming attacks, it doesn't stop the virus which spread to her from her sword.

As such, Chloe met her demise from the virus that was spread unto her from receiving Guy's attack.

Using Ultimate Skill『Space-Time King (Yog-Sothoth)』, she successfully evades the attack, after "remembering" the memory of dying once in the future.

After experiencing the event once, she returns to the past.

In other words, "remembering" a memory from the future.

To the opponent facing her, it’d simply look like Chloe made the "lucky" choice of evading the attack, but the truth is far from that.

With great confidence, Chloe was making the best choices in defense she could choose.

But, even though she is totally evading Guy's attacks by making use of her ability to "remember" future events, Chloe had no margin for making mistakes.

Compared to Veldora, one of the strongest existences, whom she had battled in the past, she needs to take all of Guy's attacks seriously.

Even though there was no intent of taking the fight seriously from either side, attacks that are lethal get mixed in nonchalantly, it wasn't a situation where she could be complacent.

Intricately cunning, Guy released attacks that meticulously attempted to set up his opponent in layer upon layers of traps.

But his intentions have been fairly obvious, as he has been using attacks that could be recovered from, even if the attacks were able to outright "kill" Chloe.

He was planning to get Rimuru to owe him one, from releasing Chloe from her curse.

But, Chloe knew, that such a feat was impossible.

The reason was that Chloe "remembered", in one of the instances where she died, Guy tried to undo the curse but regretfully mumbled「So it failed」.

This proved that he curse that Yuuki cast on her wasn't something that could be so easily removed.

So Chloe moved according to what she was ordered to do, which is to keep Guy occupied.

And from that, she understood just how nonsensically strong Guy is.

Hes seen through all of Chloe's attacks.

Even though neither of them are taking this fight seriously, Chloe has already "died" 3 times.

It wasn't caused by any single unavoidable attack, but was more of a series of moves which ended up leading to her death.

It looked as though she was being given choices, but in fact, the whole fight has been moving in whichever direction that Guy wanted.

There was once, where she "died" due to her own carelessness.

She made the choice to try and evade an attack by stopping time, but ended up getting her heart pierced.

This simply means, that Guy can move normally even when time is stopped.

After "remembering" that result, Chloe has forgone with the usage of time stopping abilities. As all it would do was let her opponent know she can stop time.

Guy has not made use of time stopping in his attacks.

If he did that, Chloe would also be able to move―― which meant that knowledge of her being a space time type ability user would be made known to Guy.

But Guy wouldn't make such a simple attack.

On this point, he was an opponent which was very different when compared to Veldora.

Having absolute confidence in his skills, he wasn't one who would use such ability driven attacks.

Which was why, Chloe was embarrassed at the fact that she made such a mistake herself.

When one releases an attack, one needs to take into account the possibility of the attack being guarded, so there was a need to chain attacks to the point of a finishing blow; this turn of events got Chloe to reaffirm this need.

This was something she was supposed to have understood, from her long journey.

Chloe was reflecting on her own actions, as she didn't notice she has gotten negligent, because she had attained an ability which was all too powerful.

And once again, she confronts Guy.

If they both went at this seriously, the situation would probably be a whole lot more different than it is now.

Guy wouldn't have the chance to play around comparatively, and Chloe had the confidence to defeat Guy with her full power Absolute Blade Flash.

But, if it was an all out brawl against Guy without the use of any abilities, there was almost no doubt that Chloe would be defeated.

That was just how powerful Ultimate Skill 『Space-Time King (Yog-Sothoth)』 was.

Which was also why it wasn't a good thing, that she has been so reliant on it up till now.

Through this battle with Guy, Chloe was brought back to the basics, she returned to the moment with her honest feelings and renewed focus.

Guy squinted at the appalling results.

He has yet to meet such a formidable foe, ever since his encounter with "White Ice Dragon[1]" Velzard.

He prided himself to have become even stronger than before, but looks like this still wasn't enough.

Chloe never fell for Guy's traps. Another supposedly fatal attack whiffs, his many feints mixed into his attacks were all seen through.

That's damn impressive thought Guy.

Though neither of them are taking this seriously, would he be able to win if he did? Even if he asks this question it's not like he has the answer to it would be his honest thought.

What this means, is that he has to acknowledge it.

The fact that "The True Hero" Chloe O’bell, is an existence that was equal to Guy Crimson.

(What strength!)

Guy let out a content snicker.

Here he was thinking of defeating Chloe and removing the curse that was plaguing her, as a card he can play against Demon Lord Rimuru, but things aren't going as planned.

Chloe, was an even stronger being than Guy has assumed her to be.

For Guy, he was already at the point of "A Farce? No shit dude!".

Against Chloe's ultra first class sword arm, Guy was unarmed.

At this point, this was more of an insult than anything, so Guy drew his sword whilst thinking of such thoughts.

「Take pride in the fact, that you have managed to make me draw my sword.」

As he said that to Chloe, he pulls a sword out of another dimension.

Demon Sword "Earth”[2] has been yielded to Milim.

To replace that, he created Demon Sword "World"[3].

It was the strongest sword in existence, forged from the hardest physical element known as the "Star Heart".

Compared to Milim's sword, this sword has been maintained constantly, and it gave off a rainbow colored luster.

The demon sword was pulsing, as it was gripped in Guy's hand.

Suppressing the waves emanating from the sword, he took a stance facing Chloe.

He had the intention of enjoying a pure duel of only swordplay.

He was confident in his chances of victory, against Rudra or Velzard.

But, as he faced Chloe, the strongest hero, he had no such confidence in being victorious.

This was what it really meant, to be on equal terms.

Although he has been treating Leon and Velzard as though he would a friend, deep inside he knew that neither of them could be called equal to himself.

That was why, he was elated.

(This is much more than I could have ever hoped for, "Hero" Chloe!!)

With tensions as high as that one time when he took on "Stellar Dragon King" Veldanava, Guy confronts Chloe.

There was someone observing the battle between the two of them.

It was "White Ice Dragon" Velzard.

Seeing that Guy is enjoying himself, she bit her lip.

That which was swirling within her innermost thoughts, was a searing blaze.

Anger? No, it's something else. It was Envy.

Velzard has been envious for the longest time, ever since her brother "Stellar Dragon King" Veldanava acknowledged Guy.

Staying humorous about the topic, she kept her true thoughts away from Guy.

What was coursing through that heart of hers now, were the contents of a message that she received a few days ago.

There was a special form of telepathic communication limited to the True Dragons, it was a message from her supposedly deceased elder brother Veldanava, that has her bewildered.

――Would you mind destroying Guy, for my sake――

She lets out a sigh, as she thought of the contents.

She has knowledge of the current dispute with Yuuki, and also about the contents of Demon Lord Rimuru's request to Guy.

To think the true identity of Angra Mainyu that resides within Yuuki would be Veldanava....

Velzard was hesitant.

In truth, there was no need for her to hesitate.

Her original purpose, was to observe Guy by getting closer to him.

Except――

She has enjoyed it a little too much, the time which she has spent together with Guy.

The proud Guy.

The foolish Guy.

The kind Guy.

The cruel Guy.

The fearsome Guy.

And, the friend who was acknowledged by her brother, Guy.

She has grown fond of spending time together with him, who has many faces.

But, if her brother is telling her to kill Guy, she....

Also, Guy would most likely, never show her that face of his own volition.

The face he has when he enjoys the battle as much as he is now.

When he fought Velzard in the past, it was as though Guy was an adult taking on a child, taking pains to not cause unto her undue harm.

It was probably since then.

When she began feeling the sprout of envy within her heart.

Towards the man acknowledged by her brother, the Demon Lord known as Guy Crimson.

And――

(Guy, he treats me kindly. But, he never did see me as an equal to himself.)

――That was because, you were too weak.――

(I am strong. I, am of the strongest species, a True Dragon!)

――No, you are weak. Even now, you are still unable to stand beside Guy as equals, am I wrong?――

(That's――)

――Do you want power? If you had more power, you'll be able to stand alongside Guy.――

(But, that is not what I wish for....)

――Are you sure about that? It is because you do not have enough power, that Guy doesn't look at you.――

(If I had power, if I was even more powerful than before, would Guy finally look at me?)

――Certainly. Maybe even more than just that, he might even grant you what you have always wished for.――

(Aah.... Power, I want more power.)

Hearing those words, an evil will somewhere let out a snicker.

――Now then, release that Envy within you.――

The Keyword reverberated in her head.

That's right, this was the Keyword, to releasing the ability that was carved in Velzard's heart.

And thus, the seal on Envy, that "Stellar Dragon King" Veldanava set in place, began to unravel.

――After you kill Guy, you can do whatever you desire.――

She has gotten her elder brother's permission.

She now releases her original abilities, and gain new powers.

At that very moment, "White Ice Dragon" Velzard's heart fell under the influence of Velda, and any trace of her sanity were blown away.

Among the few rampaging True Dragons, her strength was second only to "Stellar Dragon King" Veldanava.

Immense energy waves raged about, and began filling the land.

Though Hirari tried to stop Velzard head on, it only resulted in her getting her upper and lower body separated into two from a single strike of Velzard's magic.

The magic was overpowering, it showed how properly controlled the potent energy was.

And――

She awakens.

True to her desires, a goddess of Envy.

All for the sake of killing Guy, to fulfill her greatest desires.

In addition to her own Ultimate Skill『Patience Lord Gabriel』, she obtains Ultimate Skill『Envious Lord Leviathan』as well.

(I, shall be the one to kill Guy!!)

She stays true to her desires, blindly following that one motive.

Chloe and Guy retreated from where they were at the same time.

An incredulously powerful Absolute Frost Wave pierces through the ground where they previously stood, and began breaking down the molecular structure of the ground.

What stood there, was a beautiful woman with glacial white hair and alluring blue diamond eyes.

「Velzard――you.... Oh that's it, seems I forgot about this. So, you have been harboring Envy all this while――」

To Guy's murmur, Velzard showed a slight smile.

「Guy, did you know―― I have, for the longest time――」

And then, the world stopped.

It was now secluded, a world of indefinite suspension.

By the will of one of its rulers, all laws of motion came to a stop.

――All except the few who were unaffected by this Frozen World.

Chloe, Guy and Velzard.

The 3 of them were observing each other, in this world where time does not flow.

A world where even time has stopped flowing.

But, neither Chloe nor Guy have problems moving.

The problem――

Is that for Chloe, there were now 2 enemies.

This turned her already low chance at victory to no chance at all.

Differing from her own ability to stop time, it can be said that Velzard has a near limitless amount of Energy.

That was, the kind of amount she felt emanating from Rimuru when she sparred with him.

Which means, the current time stop is going to last for quite awhile.

Though movement is possible, her ability to "remember" future memories has now been sealed.

Having one of her trump cards, a lifeline ability, sealed is a big blow to her.

She now needs to do whatever she can to survive, until the moment when time is allowed to flow once more.

The situation now isn't one where she can afford the leisure of holding back.

Though Guy isn't a "real" enemy to her, he isn't an ally either.

The biggest problem, is still the fact that Chloe is still bound to her curse, and is unable to make any moves of her own will.

This is the worst possible situation.

Chloe took a careful stance, as she prepared herself for the battle with the 2 of them.

Guy had mixed feelings, being slightly perplexed but also deeply understanding his current predicament.

At the same time he was thinking "Ahh, so that's why Envy took so long to fully sprout.",

(This looks bad. As I have given my word to Rimuru, I had only intended to play around a little....)

Time to think.

Chloe, is under the influence of Velda's curse.

She seems to be valiantly resisting it, but her free will is decisively withheld from her.

That means, co-op with her is out of the question.

And, Velzard is――

(Tch. She's totally being controlled.)

She was giving off the feeling of moving of her own will, but is actually being made to think that is what's happening.

Guy noticed, that it has been a very long time since he felt this much anger flow out from the depths of his heart.

(Unforgivable. To put your filthy hands on what's mine!

That's some balls you got there Velda, to control my cute Velzard!!

If you wanna die that badly, I'll give you just that.)

With an intensely prickly anger, Guy's crimson hair started to bristle up.

He needs to confront Chloe, so as not to outright kill her――but fatal attacks where revival is possible are acceptable――to deal with her.

And at the same time, protect Chloe from Velzard's attacks, and return Velzard to her normal self.

(This looks a little too hard, even for the awesome me――)

He was going 'Tch' in his head, while he prepared himself for the worst.

And, the was the very moment, when Guy confirms that he was going to totally kill Velda.

It was also the moment, where he confirms that Velda ≠ Veldanava.

(That guy, he wouldn't stoop to paltry moves as low as this.

If he was really serious, something like destroying the world, he can do it all by himself.)

Those were Guy's true thoughts.

Which was why, he was able to cut the emotions he had towards Velda without hesitation.

Veldanava has passed on.

And he sharpens his gaze, as he turns his attention to the 2 others he is about to face.

The situation seems to be a 3 way confrontation.

But, Velzard is the one with the biggest advantage.

As she has nothing to worry about, and only needs to advance towards her own goal.

Thus, the showdown in the Frozen World is about to begin.

* * *

[1] 白氷竜 Shirokōri Ryuu

[2] 魔剣"天魔(アース)" Maken “Tenma(Āsu)” when it appears first with Milim before, the author didn’t give it furigana.

[3] 魔剣"世界(ワルド)" Maken “Sekai (Warudo)”.





Chapter 210: Leon’s Feelings


The battle between Leon and Kazaream continued for a full day and night.

He was not simply calling himself Great Demon Lord for nothing, as Kazaream possessed an overwhelming amount of energy incomparable to what he had before.

Even after fighting a lengthy battle, he showed no sign of exhaustion.

Meanwhile, Leon and Mizari were also the same, but even though they were fighting together, they were still toyed with by Kazaream.

The only reason why Leon was able to continue fighting was because Kazaream was going easy on him; Leon noticed this and ground his teeth.

“Will I meet my doom here?” Leon asked himself.

If that were inevitable, then so be it. Until Now, he had lived by crushing the weak.

Of course, when he thought about it as his own turn finally coming up, he could accept it obediently.

...No. Would that really be fine for him?

He spared no sacrifice when it came to his search for Chloe.

He even learned summoning magic himself, and had summoned several people in his selfishness.

One of them was Claude, and another was the burned girl.

Claude vowed his vengeance against Leon, challenging him countless times, yet before they knew it, his attempts at revenge had ceased, and the two came to recognize each other.

Leon believed himself to be selfish and cared not for others’ expectations. That was natural.

He might not have been able to survive in this harsh world otherwise, finding and protecting that girl could be said to be his only reason for living, yet that seemed a dream within a dream.

Therefore, he thought, it can’t be helped that he would be resented, and so he continued to cruelly cut down the weak.

That was Leon’s way of life, the true reason why he couldn’t be a Hero even though he had awakened as a Hero.

A human is a creature who has a hard time understanding another person’s mind. They live without showing anyone their own mind. Therefore, there was no one with the desire to understand Leon’s feelings, even if he wished for it.

A person like Claude is an exception among the exceptions.

Ergo, he thought that for people whom he summoned selfishly had every right to enact revenge against him.

He saw the Silver Knight Alrose fall down from the corner of his eye.

Moderate Clown Troupe is a gathering of hedonists. They fight against anyone by request without any principle.

Kazaream gathered such people, possibly in part due him been warped by defeat in his fight against Leon.

It reached the point where he showed an obstinate obsession for Leon and lined up his subordinates for varied harassment.

The reason why Clayman acted hostile toward Leon could be traced back to Kazaream’s obsession.

Regardless of their appearance, these were once Kazaream’s companions. They wouldn’t be weak.

No one would think that the devil called Footman with a body that fat could be toying around with Alrose and his quick movement.

Alrose’s swordsmanship was top class, but because he’s a master of proper swordsmanship, he’s weak against irregular attacks.

His weakness was seen through in no time and he received a blow.

If he hadn’t gained the power of the Demon Duke class, he would be dead because of the blow just now.

Thanks to the fact that he became a half spiritual lifeform, even if he received injuries to the extent of having a part of his body blown off, it would recover in an instant. But, he might not able to continue this for a long time.

It’s clear that Footman surpassed him in ability.

The combination of Yellow Knight Kizna and White Knight Maetel fought well against the girl-like devil called Tear.

So, it may be said that they’re putting up a good fight. Because they are still alive.

In ability, Tear surpasses the two overwhelmingly. If Tear fought them individually, she could have reaped their lives immediately.

The pair was somehow still alive thanks to the demon’s power they gained and their combination.

Maetel can’t master the demon’s power In the first place.

As she was a user of Holy Magic, her affinity with the demonic attribute was terrible.

Various applications were possible depending on the usage method, but unfortunately she didn’t have enough experience.

Thanks to the defensive power of Kizna, they feel like they can get over Tear’s attack somehow by being devoted to a defensive fight.

It seemed that it was a matter of time before it be broken.

And the biggest problem was Laplace.

He’s strong, too strong.

He’s undoubtedly the strongest class.

Although he doesn’t seem to possess any Ultimate Skill, it won’t be weird if he will master the ability once he acquired it.

He’s still having some leeway even when the strongest knight among Leon’s subordinate, the Black Knight Claude and the Red Knight be his opponent at the same time.

「Hah. Give up, that feint is obvious.」

「Whoops, danger danger. That juist now almost hit me. But, bad luck!」

「Oh, oh my? Maybe, it already ended?」

He cracks jokes with such feeling, doing an easy attack while provoking Claude and Fran repeatedly.

As one would expect, the two people didn’t get provoked.

But, as Laplace’s aim was to make fun of the two, there’s no sign that he would stop his provocation.

Even if it didn’t disturb the two’s feelings nor hindering the two’s thoughts, Laplace’s disturbing words seem to show an effect.

In addition to it, Laplace’s attack is not out of the ordinary, but the damage seems to be gradually accumulated, it could be perceived from the movement of Claude and Fran which gradually became duller.

With an opponent as troublesome as the devil Laplace, Leon should be the one to fight such a powerful enemy.

It might be said that the situation was very bad.

Putting such a situation in his view, Leon continues asking himself.

Claude came to follow Leon, the number of his companions also begun to increase, and before he noticed, Leon became a Demon Lord.

He united the oppressed demi-humans, small and weak demon race[1] and created a place for them to live in peace inside the Great Jura Forest.

This was because taking control of a domain by force was easy to establish a new country,

His purpose was to gather information.

He only wanted people who could investigate information to become his hands and feet.

He protects them with his strength and they work for Leon to realize his wish.

On such give and take relationship, a subordinate-superior relationship was run.

He built a castle on the territory of the Demon Lords and based in there. And then he sent his subordinates to various places and collected information about Chloe.

It was at that time that he repulsed Kazaream. If he thinks about it, that was the start of their connection.

The situation won’t be like this if he dealt the decisive blow properly at that time.

It was the same when he fought Yuuki, Leon ridiculed his naïveness.

He discovered a new continent afterwards and spent his time to build the current El Dorado. When he found Chloe, he wanted to prepare a country where she’ll be able to live in peace.

Therefore, it was necessary to protect the people who lived in the country.

Leon gradually came to think about the people who follow him and the people under his protection, not just about himself.

He can’t jeopardize the country which he created with so much effort.

For such reason, he decided to appropriate Kazaream’s castle inside the Great Jura Forest as his cover.

He can’t help but to use it as his first castle was destroyed in his battle with Kazaream, but unexpectedly it wasn’t bad.

It was really suitable as a test site where he test out various magic, Leon performed various experiments in this castle.

Because the Great Jura Forest became a sanctuary where people who feared Veldora won’t dare to enter, it was helpful to avert the other demon lord’s eyes from him.

And, it was in this castle where he did his last summon.

The girl who summoned to answer Leon’s request was suffering major burns and dying.

He was able to save her life with recovery magic. However, she will only die because she was too young to have safely crossed the word boundary and her magic essence went amok.

Then it would be better for him to let her die this way, but it might be better to make her suffering prolonged. Thinking so, Leon takes an interest in the girl.

But,

「elp, please help……」

The girl said so, Leon saw the strong Will to not give up in her eyes and extended his hand to the girl.

And then he noticed her high compatibility to flame and recalled the existence of the high-ranking spirit that’s Ifrit.

There’s perhaps a possibility of compatibility, but if it fails Ifrit will disappear too.

But――

Because he only took it from Ramiris in a fit of anger before, it won’t be painful to lose it.

The girl survived splendidly.

Then, against himself, who summoned her into this world without permission, the girl has the right for revenge.

If the girl named Shizue Izawa was going to kill him, he would accept it directly from the front.

At the time the strongest and the famous Hero attacked, it was for such reason that he left without hesitating.

As he might be defeated by the Hero.

But, the Hero will surely save the girl who is a former human. He had such prediction.

After all, unlike the failure the likes of him, who was only strong, she was called as the “True Hero”, the strongest title in the history.

If he thought about it, if he had met the Hero there, he might have been able to realize that she was Chloe.

But, it didn’t happen.

Ironically, one came from the other side, while the other one missed the other by running away.

(What am I really trying to do…..)

Leon blows out a sigh.

Kazaream’s attack is harsh without cutting any corners. It would be naïve for him to think that he can deal with it while he’s in deep thoughts.

However, even so……

「Leon-oniichan, you had searched for me this whole time right.

Ehehe. You see, I’ve always want to meet you too.]

He was finally able to meet her the other day.

With Chloe, whom he searched all this time.

She seemed to be fine. But, because of the curse, she doesn’t seem to be able to act freely currently.

Still,

「You see, Rimuru-Sensei had promised me that he would surely save me.

I believe in Sensei.

The Sensei who received Shizu-Sensei, Shizu-San’s feelings and saved us!」

Chloe said so with straight eyes.

The girl whom Leon saved whimsically seemed to follow a strange fate and ended up as Chloe’s teacher.

On the contrary, she met Demon Lord Rimuru and led him to Chloe.

It will be an unbelievable story to say that all of it is by coincidence.

If he didn’t save Shizue Izawa, perhaps Chloe would be dead due to the magic essence rampage.

If you think about it so, then all the things that he has done all this time wasn’t for vain or so he thinks.

No, he might only want to think so.

However, even so――

He was able to meet with Chloe again in this way. Then it was enough.

(Therefore, have I been satisfied with it? To the extent I accepted my death?)

Chloe has someone named Rimuru who she can rely on.

Even if he’s gone, he can entrust her at ease.

But, is he fine with that?

He’s conscious that he never did anything in his life that he can be proud of, but Leon thought that he can’t afford to left everything to Chloe and ended up doing nothing.

Besides, he can’t give up if the Demon Lord Rimuru that Chloe believed in was killed.

(I don’t think that guy will be killed so easily though......)

He cannot help but to say that he’s still naïve by having such thoughts.

In the first place, he couldn’t leave his important Chloe to such worthless guy.

(Ffu. I still have a long way to go. It’s not in my character to easily give up.)

Leon, who was blown off and thrown to the ground, calmly stood up.

His eyes are calm, as his hesitation is cleared up, his body overflowed with energy.

Leon remembered the meaning to fight and regained his unbroken will.

Looking at Leon, who stood up, Kazaream knit her eyebrows.

He snickered as he would torment him after he completely broke Leon’s pride.

Apparently, Leon’s mind didn’t seem to be broken yet

「Hey hey, did you get scared of dying suddenly?

You who can’t match me, you won’t able to do anything even if you stood up!」

Kazaream speaks in sickening woman’s tone in spite of her body which already turned into a stubborn man.

However, it didn’t look like his sex has changed; it can be said that the only change is that his body had been optimized.

After all, his voice still remains that of a female elf.

Leon stares at Kazaream while thinking that his voice is unpleasant.

His Ultimate Skill『Purity Lord Metatron』is the ultimate power of holy attribute.

But, Kazaream’s Ultimate Skill『Dominion Lord Melchizedek』is a ultimate power with both attributes of holy and demonic.

Therefore, all Leon’s attacks are counterbalanced and he’ll only suffer damage from the power which exceed his.

It’s not about affinity or anything, only that his ability is completely inferior to Kazaream’s ability.

For example, he might be able to seal him if he used Triangle Pyramid.

But, even if he honestly tries to seal her, it was bound to be avoided.

Moreover, there’s a possibility that even his strongest sealing technique may be broken in the worst case. After all, it’s an absolute sealing barrier against demonic attribute, but Kazaream also have the holy attribute.

This side might receive a fatal attack in the gap when he tries it carelessly.

(She’s a troublesome opponent.)

Leon was thinking about the means to fight Kazaream while handling her attacks calmly.

「Leon-sama, do you have a good plan?」

Mizari asked.

「I have none. You’re the same too, aren’t you? All demonic attributed attacks would be nullified won’t they?」

Mizari was in the same situation as Leon, all her attacks were counterbalanced and she received damage from the excess energy.

She seemed to begin to do some makeshift attacks, but everything was pinned down by Kazaream’s power.

Naturally, all magic was nullified. That’s natural, since magic doesn’t work against Ultimate Skill.

「Yes. It’s very troublesome as he has the ability with both attribute of holy and demonic.

Moreover, it’s not just that.

Kazaream’s energy when converted into magic essence, seems to be more than 3 times than mine.」

It was a hopeless number.

Right now, Mizari is equal to Leon, as she has become an awakened Demon Lord class. Her energy also greatly increases.

But, Kazaream has a three times more energy compared to Mizari.

Comparing it with himself, Leon estimated that Kazaream’s energy[2] to be a little less than 3 times of his.

Spiritual power to handle the energy of pure light. That source becomes the aggregate amount of the holy aura which become energy but―― even in that energy, Kazaream is above those people.

As in the performance of the ability and the quantity of energy.

That doesn’t mean that he has 6 times more power than them if holy and magic combined.

He was simply changing the energy with his ability.

That’s why, he’s more troublesome. In a word, it means he completely put the ability under control.

Just like the name, Dominion Lord Melchizedek.

「Hoohohoho. It’s useless, useless. You two can’t beat me.

That’s right, beg for your life. And then lick my shoes.

If you do so, I may spare your life.」

A distorted smile floated as Kazaream suggests, but it’s useless to hear it.

After all, he didn’t intend to really spare their life and only want to satisfy his desire to want to see their ungraceful appearance.

Mostly because of such warped desire, he’s going easy on them.

It was foolish, but Kazaream made that grudge his reason to live.

In Leon’s view, he can see Footman tormenting Alrose.

If things keep going this way, it’d be dangerous.

But, he didn’t have any room to help him.

Although he made his mind to fight until the bitter end, the situation remains at its worst.

At that time――

「Bufuou!!」

Raising a scream, Footman was blown away

“Who is that!?” Without any time to even think so,

「Are we late?」

「No, looks like we barely made it in time.」

Such conversation was heard.

Two people were standing still without letting out any presence could be seen.

“Who are they!?” such is Leon’s question,

「Nice to meet you, I’m Benimaru.

The number one subordinate, the faithful servant of the Great Demon Lord Rimuru-sama.

The one who bear the title of “Flare Lord”.

I wonder who should I kill?」

A red-haired, handsome man declares while sprouting a refreshing smile.

And,

「Faithful? I’m certain that you are the most insincere one though……

You’re overshadowed next by Diablo or Zegion you know?」

A blue-haired, handsome man standing next to Benimaru while letting out such tsukkomi.

Receiving Leon’s gaze,

「I’m not a person worthy to introduce myself.

I will only say that I’m the faithful shadow of the Great Demon Lord Rimuru-sama.

Well, don’t worry about it.

When I kill you all, there won’t be any chance for us to meet anymore.」

He declared so while having a fearless smile.

「Hey, you…… don’t tattle about it okay? Never spread the rumor about it, okay!?」

「Stupid, don’t underestimate Diablo’s intelligence network.

Even if I don’t say it, that demon will somehow hear about it.

Put that aside, don’t get carried away and thinking you can rampage around since it’s been a while.」

Although the two are joking around, they’re not relaxing their guard at all.

Obviously indicating that they’re not an ordinary person.

(Benimaru and also Rimuru’s shadow? To make even such people as his subordinates.)

And from their behavior, Leon realized it immediately without any doubt.

The hearsay that “the Demon Lord Rimuru is dead” is to deceive the enemy.

Similarly, Kazaream seemed to realize it too.

「Don’t be joking? Demon Lord Rimuru is dead.

Such small fry introducing himself as a Great Demon Lord is so presumptuous!!」

He shouted in a loud voice.

But, that shout made the two angry.

Benimaru lose his refreshing smile and his face becomes expressionless.

The other person, Souei who introduced himself as the Great Demon Lord’s shadow is expressionless by nature, but cold light flickered in his eyes.

The two shout at the same time.

「「I will kill you!!」」

So.

And the situation of the war enters a new phase.

* * *

[1] It’s not the same demon like Diablo, Diablo is akuma, here the kanji is Mazoku.

[2] It’s written as amount of holy spirit here.





Chapter 211: Calculation that Goes Amiss


Kazaream has not noticed that he has thoroughly stepped onto a landmine.

Now that he has attained power and significant growth, the thought that the majin before Kazaream was a being greater than himself never crossed his mind, not even til the very end.

Footman was lightly slugged by Benimaru, and he was launched all the way to the end of the hall.

And, he lay there not moving one bit.

「Footman, stop playing games. We're gonna massacre all of them.

Get up quickly, and get on with killing Leon's weakling followers!」

Even though Kazaream gave him orders, Footman showed no sign of moving.

「Oi, Footman. What are you playing at? Hurry up and――」

Kazaream went and had a look at Footman in a fit of anger, only to lose all words shortly after.

Footman lay sprawled on the ground showing the white of his eyes along with a bleeding nose, as though the entire ruckus he has been causing was but a lie.

After crashing through a wall and bouncing a few times, his neck was twisted in an impossible angle.

Both his upper and lower front teeth were broken. It is no coincidence, that the teeth caved-in in the shape of a fist.

Some sections of space were fixed too, making said sections unable to regenerate.

Turning his attention to Benimaru, Kazaream clicked his tongue in another fit of anger.

In the hall which turned silent in an instant, one being fleetingly approached Footman.

It was Laplace.

He walked as he ignored Claude and Fran who assumed wary stances with their swords, Laplace stopped beside Footman.

And,

「Nee-san, this looks bad. Our boy Footman, is down and out from thae blow.

Well, he is barely alive though, that Nii-san there probs had nae intention of killing him.」

Laplace said with a 'Oh well' kind of tone, as he lightly shrugged his shoulders.

「What's that? You mean to say Footman was taken out in one hit!?」

Tear the Teardrop shouted out in surprise.

Hearing that her fellow brethren, who was easily tougher than herself, was downed in a single attack, was a way too unreal topic.

「Tear, this ain't gud. Fall back. It's nat a good idea to take those onii-sans lightly.

From my perspective, ye ain't gonna cut it. It would most likely take me ‘n’ our captain, to be able to deal with them somehow....

There's also that pretty demon jou-chan with Demon Lord Leon, th’ odds are stacked against us now.

What's the plan, Nee-san?」

With an easy going tone, Laplace gave Kazaream his analysis of the current situation.

He was hinting at 'If we're gonna retreat, now would be the time'.

Kazaream snorts,

「Laplace, no need to cower that much.

Leon is already in tatters.

Guy's minion too, is at most a demon lord class weakling.

Sure demon nobles are pretty capable among the upper tier demons, but she ain't any better than Tear who is demon lord class herself.

We only need to be wary of those two.

You and me are more than enough to deal with them.」

He impertinently declares.

To his unshaken confidence, Laplace has nothing more to say, and simply shrugs.

Kazaream was totally ignoring the fact, that Footman who was demon lord class himself, was out of commission from a single attack.

Kazaream thought, the one he needed to be wary of was only Benimaru who stands before him, and he can let Laplace deal with the inferior Souei.

The truth was,

「It is a fact, that we haven't even showed what we are really capable of....」

Laplace affirms Kazaream's words.

As per Kazaream's orders to overwhelm Leon's forces, it's a fact that they have been slowly bashing down on them.

But Laplace was still considering retreating, even after taking all that into account.

Laplace's intuition sensitively picked up the changes in the situation, and was sounding a warning alarm.

As if to prove Laplace'a intuition was true, Mizari coolly stood back up.

All the damage she took earlier, regenerated in an instant.

All her external injuries disappeared, and her new outfit looked more dreadful than before.

Gaining an impressive presence, she stays as expressionless as before, but gives off an imposing feeling.

「――Nee-san, that jou-chan's existential values[1] have rocketed up.

They're called awakened demon lords aye? Though she is inferior to Nee-san, Tear ain't able to handle that....」

Just as Laplace analyzed it, Mizari's Energy levels swelled up to the level of an awakened demon lord.

More like, her magic power that has been restrained up til now have been released, that kind of feeling.

「That's right.

I, with the help of Demon Lord Rimuru, have evolved to the level of the awakened demon lords.

With the impression that real battle experience would help me master this power most effectively, I took the liberty of having Kazaream-sama as my practice opponent.

That being said, it looks like Leon-sama did notice, the fact that I have been holding back――」

Mizari took glances at Leon as she said that.

Leon nods with a bitter looking face,

「Of course I did. As if a measly demon noble could maintain a barrier powerful enough to withstand my attacks.

How would I not notice that you were restraining your output and planning to do something.

Who would have thought that your plan, was to depend on the reinforcements from Demon Lord Rimuru.

So, does Guy really trust Rimuru? Does he think he is the key to ending this battle?」

「――about that.

It's not like considerations from someone like me would affect Guy-sama's intentions, but personally, I have come to the conclusion that believing Demon Lord Rimuru is the correct course of action.

That, was what was decided at Walpurgis too.」

To Leon's question, Mizari stuttered for a moment, before she answered.

Though her answer was the truth, Leon felt he was pressured by those words, as he never did fully trust Rimuru even though they talked of cooperation.

At the same time, Mizari who is a demon, couldn't hide her own surprise at herself for speaking of trusting any demon lord other than Guy.

As one of the few absolute beings that were crowned in ages past, Mizari was one of the capable few who surpassed the ex-demon lords; as she understood her own true nature, she felt the surprise excessively.

Mizari never broke her courteous tone towards any other person, but turns into a cold-hearted slaughterer the moment she is given orders.

That was her identity, as the great demon who heads Guy's minions.

「So, the number of weaklings have increased, and one of you insects got a little power-up, did you really think you could stand up against me?

No doubt Leon over there is mostly half dead, even if Mizari there did get a boost in power, she's not even close to half of me. I don't see where the problem is.」

With a fearless smile, Kazaream cuts into Leon and Mizari's conversation.

To Kazaream, he is already looking down on his opponent as an awakened demon lord who is inferior to himself.

With a cold gaze towards Kazaream,

「Then, allow me to give an additional explanation.

A normal demon lord class being has [EP:200,000〜400,000], and that's the lowest to the highest.

Similarly, a demon noble is [EP:200,000〜400,000] too and that is distinguished by the baron to the duke classes.

Certainly, Leon-sama's followers have evolved and attained power, but they sit at the viscount class of [EP: below 250,000] at most.

Kazaream-sama's fellow brethren too, with the exception of Laplace, are at the higher end of the demon lord class at [EP: below 400,000].

Neither are even remotely close, to be called beings that have power surpassing demon lords.

The demon lords of the current Octagram, with the exception of one person, are all of the Million class at [EP:1,000,000〜].

From what I have just mentioned, the phrase "surpassing a demon lord" is quite the excessive term.

Now then, with all of that in mind, and though this might sound rude, the battle between Leon-sama's followers and the members of the Moderate Clown Troupe, is naught but child's play.

I have come to the conclusion, that it is at a level that can be ignored.

The order I have received from Guy-sama, is to obtain victory.

To that end, I have maintained this barrier and awaited the reinforcements from Demon Lord Rimuru-sama.

This was the best course of action I have taken in order to decisively defeat Kazaream-sama, a plan that ignores everything besides the Million class.

So, that meant that Kazaream-sama's victory condition would be to defeat me before reinforcements arrived, that and nothing else.

From my analysis as I bought time earlier, the main ability that Kazaream-sama uses is『Auto-reflection』.

You stack damage onto your opponent, by neutralizing your opponent's attack with the same attack with a roughly 20% increase in output.

If this was done by a being that had overwhelming amounts of Energy, it would be an incredibly efficient method.

It's also troublesome, that you wield both Holy and Demonic attributes.

As long as you have more Energy, you most likely will never be defeated.

But, for you to continue neutralizing attacks, it means you have no other choice but to consume Energy.

The 20% increase in consumption seems to apply equally, whether it is one of Leon-sama's attacks, or one of my held back attacks.

The reasoning behind waiting for reinforcements, would it be clearer to say that my aim was to gather enough power to overwhelm what Kazaream-sama can neutralize?

Leon-sama along with Benimaru-sama and Souei-sama would most likely be able to deal with Kazaream-sama, after some depletion from having to face me at full power.

Victory is ours this time, Kazaream-sama.」[2]

「Hey hey, ojou-chan. What do ye mean by 'with the exception of me'?」

「――not to be rude, but I was unable to discern how much Energy you have.

That means, you are either equal to or above me, that is my conclusion.」

「Ye give me too much credit.」

Thinning his eyes[3], Laplace gave off a sharp gaze unbefitting of his casual attitude.

Towards Mizari who did not underestimate him, he gave a "good grief[4]" impression.

Souei showed a bitter face as his true identity was revealed by someone else, but did not voice his complaint.

The group of people who were 'tossed aside' in this conversation, namely Leon's knights Claude and co. and Tear, were unable to voice their words of rejection in the face of Mizari's aura.

Because they understood what was said were undeniable facts.

But, even after hearing Mizari's explanation and feeling her aura, Kazaream's composure was not broken at all.

「Fufun. I knew all along, that you were hiding your true power!!

Don't be giving such arrogant speeches, being a weakling who cannot fight without resorting to such stopgap measures!!

Even if all you worms came at me together, you still wouldn't come close to the great me.

The fact that none of you can beat me doesn't cha~~~nge!!

Let me show you weaklings, what real despair and fear is!!!」

As he shouted, he released all the power he has held back that stopped him from outright killing Leon.

In addition to the pressure that distorted space within the barrier, an ominous aura now dominated the field.

The aura Mizari was releasing, was quashed in an instant.

By an overwhelming Energy, one which could be said to surpass awakened demon lords.

There were no lies in Kazaream's words, as the storm of his tyranny vastly exceeds Mizari's calculations.

「Wha-!! It can't be.... To think, he had that much――」

What just happened was effective enough to cause the composed Mizari to waver, and Mizari's expression changed.

Kazaream was overwhelming, so overwhelming that she couldn't keep her composure.

She herself had Energy in the Million class. Leon too.

Even so, she still felt so overwhelmed by Kazaream.

The estimate that there is almost 3 times the amount of Energy that she just told Leon earlier, felt like an understatement.

「This is more than what was anticipated. I had estimated it to be 3 times or more than me, but this――」

A blow from Kazaream made its way to Mizari's abdomen, to interrupt their conversation.

Kazaream's fist pierced through Mizari, breaking her arms which she crossed to protect herself, as though crushing fragile rotten twigs.

「Hahhaーーーー! Aren't you misunderstanding something, just because I have been holding back on killing you?

That's just naive, you weakliiiings! I, this Kazaream-sama, have gained the greatest power ever!!!」

Kazaream laughs boisterously.

「Nee-san, that's some absurd stuff ye'r pullin’ out there. Fine by me, guess I'll need to prepare for th’ worst too.」

He took a rainbow orb out, as he said that.

That, was a Spirit Jewel. It was an orb that housed Energy equal to the souls of 10000 humans.

Laplace breaks the orb, and replenishes his Energy.

This didn't cause him to awaken, he did it to prepare himself to fully support Kazaream.

「You lot have been sneakily thinking of many things, but all of it was for naught. After all, this is but the fate of beings that do not wield enough power! 」

Kazaream laughs haughtily.

Lamenting, Mizari says,

「At this rate, accomplishing my orders would be....

My apologies, looks like my outlook was too naive.

At the least, I will attempt to cause mutual destruction with an Extreme Anti-Demon Elimination attack, do take care of matters afterward――」

Putting her existence in the line, to shave off as much of Kazaream's power as possible.

Leaving future matters to Leon and Benimaru and co. , those were Mizari's intentions.

But――

「You're called Mizari right? Like what that drag[5] said, no need to overthink things too much.

You called for reinforcements, we answered the call and made it in time.

That's all that matters, right?」

Walking past beside of Mizari who was knocked down, Benimaru took the point.

And,

「Souei, you deal with the Clown over there. I'll be the one to kill that drag.」

He indifferently declares, paying no heed to the situation whatsoever.

「I guess I can accept that. I'll give in, but be sure to finish the job.

He did insult Rimuru-sama nonetheless.」

「Don't worry 'bout that. It's not like there's any worthwhile information to obtain, so there's no reason to let him live am I right?」

「True that.

You being you, you may have forgotten about this, but seems like that fellow is Clayman's master.

That means――」

「So he's the source who was behind that Gelmudo guy, right? I know that alright.」

Benimaru and Souei went on with their seemingly frivolous conversation in such a manner.

「J-just what are you people talking about――」

「Hey you two over there, are you meaning to say, you are gonna take on that monster Kazaream all by yourself!?」

Mizari and Leon spoke out at the same time.

Mizari hastily regenerates and returns to the frontlines in combat form, showing her stance to take on the challenge once more.

Leon does so too, with his pride as a demon lord on the line, in an effort to return the favor against Kazaream.

Despite that, Benimaru and Souei were talking with the intention to do this themselves.

「Aaahn? I just said it didn't I. I'm going to『Kill』.

Starting now I'll be wiping the floor with that shitty drag, you injured fellows just sit back and watch.」

「You heard him. I'll be dealing with the Clown over there.

Leon-dono and Mizari-dono, I'll be trusting you two to keep a look out for the half dead fatty, and to make sure that Teardrop girl doesn't bother us.」

「But....」

「Enough. You two won't understand unless I tell you that you are only going to hold us back?」

This last line from Benimaru sealed the deal.

Ignoring Souei's "You really should fix how you speak to others.", Benimaru draws his blade.

One of Kurobee's greatest works, with a fully crimson blade, it was Benimaru's personal katana "Guren".

Having been reforged countless times, the original steel used to forge the katana has become something else altogether.

This katana which Benimaru wields as though it is a part of himself, has become a "Wazamono[6]" which is comparable to Gods class weapons.

Benimaru's thoroughly refined aura thinly wraps around the katana's blade.

Which resulted in the crimson blade getting an exquisitely decorated gleam.

Kazaream laughs.

「Heh weakling. Can't do anything without a weapon?

Fine with me.

I'm willing to bet, that dull thing ain't going to do much of anything to me!」

「Fuーーーn[7].」

One instance.

Benimaru's body blurred with a red flash.

Leaving behind a flash of light in that moment, Benimaru appears behind Kazaream.

At the time every other person noticed he has moved, the blurred body disappears.

「Hup, you can have this back. Try not to drop it next time.」

Benimaru throws something at Kazaream as he said that.

It was an arm.

The arm of a women from the elbow onward.

「Gyaiiiii!!」

Kazaream lets out a scream.

He has finally noticed, that his arm was cut off.

「Y-you, you bastard!! Why, why is there pain!?」

Kazaream tosses the question at Benimaru.

It's kind of dumb to ask your enemy about such things, but it looks like he's not accepting what just happened.

For Kazaream who is a spiritual entity, feeling pain shouldn't be something relevant to him.

「Tch. Are you really that dumb?

I'll tell you since you look like you still don't understand, pain is a warning signal.

It works the same way even for spiritual entities.

Your body felt something dangerous, so it is sounding an alarm.

You should properly control that kinda stuff before getting into a battle.」

Benimaru gave a detailed explanation as though mocking Kazaream.

In fact, during the time when he trained with Diablo in the labyrinth, he got the same explanation after something similar happened.

Benimaru has of his own accord accepted that as Diablo's way of getting back at him, after his loss against Benimaru in the tournament.

But, that is something unrelated to what is happening now.

It's definitely not because he was upset that it happened to him too, and is venting his frustration.

「Haah? Warning signal? What bullshit is that.

As if the awesome me, would feel danger from you!」

Kazaream turns the arm into Energy and absorbs it, then regenerates his arm from the elbow out.

He has long forgotten about his declaration, the one where he said Benimaru won't be able to harm him in any way.

「Death. I shall definitely bring death unto you!」

As he shouted, Kazaream turns into an ultra dense mass of Energy, as he assaults Benimaru.

Benimaru receives the attack, and similarly he himself turns into a flaming mass of Energy[8].

Thus, a battle between beings who have surpassed mortal limits begins.

* * *

[1] Existential values = energy btw in this world.

[2] Sushi: like wtf, this is the longest amount of dialogue from one person i have seen yet.

[3] Sushi: think Ichimaru gin from bleach

[4] Sushi: google yare yare lol

[5] Okama=transvestite

[6] Wazamono means the swords which cut well, "sharp swords".

[7] Sushi: this is benimaru breathing out

[8] Guro: Benimaru is Logia user!! XD





Chapter 212: Foolish Kazaream


Souei and Laplace squared off against each other, grasping for each other’s openings.

They fell into a deadlock after several bouts of offense and defense in the blink of an eye.

All of Laplace’s unseen knives that were thrown towards Souei in the beginning had pierced Souei’s body.

Laplace thought that he had killed Souei with his surprise attack, but it was no more than a parallel existence that Souei had created.

Souei is being cautious.

Against the enemy that he seen for the first time, he must not act like challenging him carelessly.

Regardless of whether or not he will lose or win and whether or not the enemy is superior or inferior, Souei didn’t let his guard down.

「Is this how you fight? With such strength, even if you fight fair and square you would be quite good.」

「Hahaha, I’ll receive th’ praise, but I think I juist want to enjoys ‘n’ win.

Still…… you’re verry troublesome, Nii-san[1].

Even though I act because I culd see a certain vision of I killing ye, t’was just an imitation.

Just like what my intuition says, to withdraw is th’ correct answer.」

Laplace prepared several knives in his hand while shaking his head in disappointment.

And, from his mouth comes an enjoying smile.

Just like his title as Wonder Clown, Laplace is enjoying fighting as something to live for.

He pursued the presence of the Souei’s main body while killing all of the created mirror images.

He analyze the magic power wave that Souei releases and might be said that he memorized it.

「Oh, how skillful. Carelessly intercepting it is difficult heh.」

One of the clones exploded at the same time as it repelled Laplace’s knife.

It seemed to be a bomb which disguised as a knife.

And in addition to that, it’s spirit bomb. Having all of 7 attributes, it’s an object that contains the Omnipotent attribute to counter the Demonic and the Holy attributes.

「Hehehe. Since Nee-san’s attribute is th’ Omnipotent attribute, I have receive a bit o’ it.

To be frank, isn’t it impossible for ye to defeat Nee-san who have both demonic ‘n’ holy attribute?

Although that Nii-san is also extremely dangerous, but it woull be less embarrassing if ye just be obedient, ye know?」

「Do you really think so?」

「――well, I guess sae? Och well, I wull only force ye to stay here.

I don’t know whither there’s a lot o’ real body or fake ones―― mibbie it’s all real―― a clone user is really troublesome.

You see, even when I don’t know th’ real body, if I surround ye wi’ spirit bomb, even you’d not be able toe do anythin’ richt?」

All of the knives have been already camouflaged by Laplace’s Unique Skill 『Deceiver』.

Or rather, only his word is feigned, all of the knives are spirit bomb.

Without hesitation, he intended to kill Souei.

「FFu. Surround me you say? Such thing will be not significant if I can transfer.」

While Souei says so, he transfers with『Space Control』.

That’s all according to Laplace’s plan.

「Hahahahha! Nii-san, ye don’t seem to be careful.

The Spirit Bombs had been configured to chain explode due to dimensional vibration.

It woull flows all at once into th’ distorted space o’ transfer series skill ‘n’ explode inside it!

If ye receive that explosion, this side wull get entangled too ‘n’ receive damage, so t’was fearful ye know.

Well, th’ cause o’ yer defeat is that ye didn’t notice mah puppet strings which had wrapped ye around.」

Laplace wraps the knife with his puppet strings and let it twined around Souei.

Not only just that, he linked the knife with the other knives, which were flying nearby, and set it to react to the movement of the other clones.

Hypothetically, if Souei didn’t use his transfer ability, there would be no problem even if Souei come charging while ignoring the spirit bombs.

Because even if most of this audience hall got blown away, it would be easy to retrieve his comrade that is Tear and Footman and to escape.

Laplace fiddled with the timing of the explosion as it was not a problem for him.

After all, with his Unique Skill『Seer』, he could see it clearly Souei’s figure being swallowed up by the explosion.

Without hesitation, Laplace begun his attack with conviction that he could surely kill Souei.

Laplace laughs loudly, pleased that his plan would end well.

「Sorry, it’s a bad place for you to be pleased so much, but let’s end this soon.」

Laplace heard a cold voice from his back.

And then, he cannot hide his surprise as a straight sword[2] stuck out from his chest.

Laplace can’t understand what happened.

「This can’t be……」

Could do nothing but to speak such stupid word.

It was simple when the truth was revealed.

Souei from the beginning concealed his main body in the darkness.

It was not his main body which was surrounded by the bombs, it was only one of his parallel existence.

He calculated the position of Leon’s castle with “Eye of the Moon” of his Ultimate Gift『Shadow Moon[3] Lord Tsukuyomi』and carried out a direct transfer to the inside of the barrier.

And then, he concealed his main body with shadow using『Law Manipulation (Shadow)』 and launch a surprise attack with the effect of “One-hit Kill”.

Without any sign of naivety like Benimaru, that’s Souei’s way of fighting.

But――

「Geez. I never think that mah younger brother…… would git so easily killed lik’ this――」

「Younger brother, you say? Mu!?」

In response of the blood thirst, Souei jumped aside from that spot.

With the eyes which foresee everything, he sensed a danger simultaneously with an uncomfortable feeling.

At the same time, the knife which stuck in Laplace’s corpse was scattered by the explosion of the body.

If his evasion was a bit late, Souei would rolled up in the explosion and would not come out unharmed.

「Just kidding~! Did ye really think that I have a younger brother?

To tell you th’ truth, I have a similar ability as ye too.

The truth is, just lik’ you I hud thought to dae a surprise attack, but that won’t be guid, hence I reveal myself.

Well~ it’s been a while. For mah clone to be killed!」

Laplace spouts lies brazenly while preparing his surprise attack.

He narrows his eyes and smiles.

His behavior of making fool of someone is just like him, a hedonist.

Marionette Master Clayman.

Laplace is Clayman’s master. He made a magic doll which modeled after himself and manipulated it with automatic operation.

And, his target――

「Well then, it’s been a long time since I rampaging seriously.

For underestimating me, I’ll show ye a painful experience. It’s time for ye tae be prepared!]

「It’s you who need to be prepared. You need to stop the foolish delusions such as you defeating me, and you should immediately return to the darkness.」

And the two people fought each other and their fight reached a deadlock.

Benimaru and Kazaream had broken through the barrier which Miazari had set up and also the city barrier, the two were now having a battle airspace high above.

Kazaream begins to violently attacking Benimaru taking the advantage of his enormous energy.

The fight between a fellow spiritual lifeform could be said as a struggle to investigated the enemy’s energy. One would win if they deprived the enemy of their power and decreased their existence power.

His Ultimate Skill was means for that, Kazaream made Benimaru consume his energy by effectively releasing his ability.

――No. He was under impression that he did so.

「Well, how’s it!! You can’t counterattack!? What happened with your condescending attitude from before?」

Kazaream who rely fully on his power, concentrated his energy to his fists and hits Benimaru repeatedly.

For Kazaream who been optimized by his Ultimate Skill『Dominion Lord Melchizedek』, he was convinced that the Octagram won’t be his opponent.

In fact even Leon would be just like a baby in front of Kazaream.

He was able to see that Mizari, who had been preaching before, was a worthless existence who could only receive a single blow from him.

That’s right.

In front of his ultimate optimization called『Holy Demonic Unification』, which integrated the power of demon and angel, holy and demonic, he was confident that there was no angel nor demon that could be his equal.

Kazaream thought that there was no reason for him to lose if himself was above in both quantity and the quality of the energy.

In fact, he succeed in offsetting Leon’s holy strike and even Mizari’s demon power equally and adding a counterattack.

Even if Kazaream does nothing, his enemies would destroy themselves on their own.

It was the Counter lapse that Kazaream had devised.

Of course he activated it when he was attacked.

He let the damage accumulate by offsetting the attack while depriving the enemy’s energy by crashing his energy.

He won’t lose unless his enemy surpasses his energy, it was an ability that ensure certain victory.

And, as one of the Four Fiends of the Heavenly Commanders who have the strongest power, Kazaream thought that there was no other existence that’s more superior than himself.

「What happened!! Are you unable to do anything when I get serious?

When you realized about my power, it has already be too late you see.

What a fool. If you didn’t obstruct me, you would have be able to live a little longer.

I want to see Leon’s crying face without any delay, so I will kill you soon.」

Kazaream was about to finish off Benimaru while laughing evilly.

Kazaream was merry because of his strengthened ability, he was completely convinced that no one can oppose him.

Certainly that it’s a strong ability, it might be not weird for Kazaream to think so.

However, it could be said that it was a too foolish act.

Kazaream was convinced that his ability is the strongest and doesn’t have weakness. Therefore, he was too overconfident with his ability.

That’s why, he didn’t notice.

His attacks didn’t do any damage to Benimaru.

「Ora ora ora ora! How’s that how’s that!!」

Moreover Kazaream was getting carried away,

「Shut up!」

The fist that Benimaru threw hit Kazaream’s face.

「Buboaa!!」

Just with that one blow, it had robbed most of Kazaream’s consciousness.

「Bubaa, ha, a, gaa!?」

Kazaream turned his gaze to Benimaru with his eyes opened wide in astonishment.

While looking like he’s pitying Kazaream, Benimaru pointed out the reality.

「Your attacks doesn’t work against me at all you see.」

So he said.

Kazaream couldn’t understand the meaning behind Benimaru’s word

That might be so.

Kazaream was conceited that he had obtained the strongest power; because until just now, he had stood as the strongest.

And yet, that there is an enemy whom his attacks wouldn’t work against is something that he would never deem as possible.

「Do, don’t be joking! Wha, what a stupid thing to say!!

Is, is that so…… I understood! It’s a bluff, you must be bluffing!

Hahaha, what a shrewd guy. I won’t get deceived by such foolish lie!」

He unreasonably interpret the fact on his own.

Then, he condensed his energy with the maximum output in both his hands, and took a stance toward Benimaru.

「You’re finished.

Even if I fall into your tricks, you would be hopeless in front of my absolute power.

How~ unfortunate! A fool won’t understand it.」

Grinning and sprouting a smile, Kazaream regained his composure and felt the reliable power in both of his hands.

「Well then, good bye. If you want to resent, resent your own powerlessness! Arc Depression (Ruler’s Melancholy)!!!

What he had shot out was a dreadful energy wave that could be called as Holy Demonic Wave Cannon which would rapidly exhaust the target’s energy.

Even with speed surpassing dozens of times the speed of sound, it might be impossible to avoid it, and that sure-kill wave was rushing towards Benimaru.

But, there was no change in Benimaru’s expression, with his cherished katana “Guren” in his hand, he calmly took a stance.

「Do you know? Speed is power. In other words――」

Swinging his beloved katana, Benimaru ward off Kazaream’s sure-kill attack and nullified it with his Rebirth Flame.

He could have counterattacked, but he deliberately held back.

Because he was going to kill Kazaream with the next attack.

「Ha? Huh!?」

Kazaream who opened his eyes wide to their limits was astonished.

He witnessed an impossible spectacle in front of his eyes and his mind can’t catch up with it.

「Well, such a dull attack of yours can’t reach me you know.

In other words, it means that your attack can’t effect me.

There’s one thing I can praise you for, you were certainly superior than me only in the total amount of power.

But, if it’s about the quality, I’m overwhelming superior than you.

Just that.

Can you understand it?

Then, die! Prominence Acceleration!!」

Kazaream’s movement stopped as he was too astonished and had entered a panic state, received Benimaru’s special attack.

The black sunlight which took the shape of an Oriental dragon swallowed half of Kazaream’s body while moving as if it has its own will.

The quality was exactly like Benimaru had stated, the nature of the released energy was so terrifying like a Tyrant.

The reason was because the nihility energy that his adored and respected master, the Great Demon Lord Rimuru has.

Some of Rimuru’s subordinates had approached to the nihility nature of Rimuru through the Soul’s Corridor.

Therefore, it wasn’t weird for Benimaru to offsetting Kazaream’s attack which had the holy and demonic attributes.

It was blocked by Benimaru’s energy which superior in quality and the attack was nullified.

Although it can’t be compared with Rimuru the originator, as the original was moving in super high speed and had enhanced energy, it was still a finishing move.

In all aspects, it may be said that Benimaru was skillful.

「Tch. I still can’t control it perfectly yet.」

Benimaru grumbled.

Although he had no complaint about the power, the accuracy didn’t go as he wanted.

The technique was a technique in which Rimuru instructed Benimaru to imitate Cardinal Acceleration which was the ultimate attack of the “Scorch Dragon” Velgrind.

Unlike Velgrind who was a high density spiritual lifeform by nature, it was still premature for Benimaru to master it, seeing that he had just finished evolving.

But, Benimaru’s ability was the Ultimate Skill『Blazing Sun[4] Lord Amaterasu』, with Light and Heat Control (acceleration) as the abilities crux, there were still a lot of things which he could learn from Velgrind’s ability.

Or rather――

(It just my guess, but I think I inherited the ability that Rimuru-sama acquired from Velgrind-sama.)

――Benimaru comprehended.

And―― Zegion, Ranga and the other, might have inherit the ability from Veldora-sama.

As for Diablo,

(That guy seem to inherit a direct ability from Rimuru-sama.)

So, he remembered the opponent he engaged in desperate struggles inside the labyrinth for many times.

Using the labyrinth characteristic where they can’t die, Benimaru and Diablo had performed real combat trainings over and over again.

The result was his complete defeat on every match.

Aside from places the public can watch such as the Tournament, Diablo never holds back against his opponent.

(Although it’s good that I had a glimpse of the end of his strength, that fellow, I’ll beat him someday!)

‘Kufufufufu’. Benimaru felt a bit unpleasant as he remembered Diablo’s loud laugh.

Benimaru knew about it, but recently Diablo seemed to be considerably feigning ignorance in front of Rimuru.

However, if it might be said that, on the contrary, it could thought that he was close with Diablo that he could saw his hidden true self.

While forcibly making himself agreed to it, Benimaru moved his gaze to Kazaream who fell down and went towards him to deliver the final blow.

* * *

[1] Not the brother meaning but for young man, laddie.

[2] 直刀 Chokutou lit. Straight Sword. They’re straight Japanese blade which were used before the invention of Tachi. Tachi have Curve while Chokutou didn’t.

[3] 月影 when the kanji translated separately it becomes Moon Shadow/Shadow Moon. When the kanji is combined it literally translated as Moonlight, Moonbeams, Moon.

[4] 陽炎 separately Sun Flame/Blazing Sun. Combined Heat Haze (Kagerou).

Guro: Toying with Laplace’s accent. Pls Comment whether I should keep it like this in future chapters or not.





Chapter 213: Unjust Ending


A knife glitters, and the straight sword repels it.

An intense offense and defense were unrolled since a while.

Each of them made their feints and schemes in order to advance in the fight advantageously.

High-level psychological warfare was carried out.

While Souei and Laplace were fighting, their fight was interrupted as Kazaream has fallen while being completely scorching together with a roaring sound.

By the impact from when Kazaream was flung against it, the hall floor split open and the fragments scatter around.

As proof that Kazaream’s body was burnt with high temperature, the marble which covered the floor began to melt.

Naturally, Kazaream was not unharmed.

Half of his body was burnt by fire, it became a terrible sight that normally no one would think that he’s alive.

But, Kazaream was alive even in such condition.

「Ah, nee-san!」

Laplace was surprised and ran toward Kazaream in a hurry.

In such panic as no one would imagine from his arrogant attitude.

Even Leon and co who were treating their injury while watching the fight of Souei and Laplace, have their movement stopped as they seen the terrible sight of Kazaream.

Everyone was able to understand from the mere sight of his appearance.

Benimaru won, and Kazaream’s life begun to exhausted.

Spiritual lifeforms were the people who stood at the top of this world with their tenacious vitality.

However, from the moment their mind was broken and acknowledging one’s defeat, their vitality (=energy) quickly decreases and leads to their death.

Kazaream’s situation was exactly that, everyone can see his defeat with their eyes, his energy started to decrease very fast.

Souei didn’t stop paying attention to Laplace while being cautious.

He didn’t think that it was a ruse, if it was a scheme, he judged that it would be dangerous to move carelessly.

Comparing both of them, Laplace and Souei were almost equal.

He would get defeated when he shown a fatal mistake, he was able to understand it from the bout he had a little while ago.

Souei watched Laplace’s behavior carefully.

Benimaru landed without a sound from the sky next to them.

「Did you end it? But, aren’t you overdoing it a little?」

「No, his energy exceeded mine.

There’s no reason to go easy on him.

If I didn’t finished it with my full power, it would be a war of attrition.

If it happen, this side will lose if I make a bad mistake.」

Benimaru answered Souei’s question.

In fact, if you compare the size of the base energy, Kazaream has twice more of Benimaru.

Benimaru borrowed the energy from Rimuru through the Soul’s corridor and barely obtained a power equal to Kazaream.

It was a combat method to borrow power from a higher ranking person that he learned from Diablo.

Naturally, the requirements were hard and of course he couldn’t fully utilize Rimuru’s power in combat.

Besides, it was impossible to borrow it beyond one’s max energy.

That’s because it would be uncontrollable.

Moreover, there are some fine limitations, but it may be said that it’s a forbidden secret art to be able to use abilities beyond one’s power.

Only the top three, Diablo, Zegion and Benimaru were able to do it.

It was the ultimate art that was concealed from the other executives.

(But, the only thing I can’t understand till now, is Diablo’s intention when he taught me this……)

With such question in his mind, Benimaru didn’t change his relaxed attitude with Souei.

Actually, he was able to defend against Kazaream’s holy demonic fusion attack by letting the nihility energy that he borrowed from Rimuru accelerate and cladding himself with it.

If it was only his own power, he was certain that it would be a considerably hard fight.

If it was said whether he would be able to win or not, he think that he might barely win, but Benimaru didn’t think that he want to actually try so.

Anyway, one of the Four Fiends of the Heaven Commanders, Kazaream was a powerful enemy.

「Well that might be true. Against such monstrous class, it’s unknown what kind of technique he’s hiding.」

「Right so」

Souei didn’t pursuit the matter anymore and nodded slightly.

As Souei understood so, Benimaru begun to walk to deliver the final blow on Kazaream.

The victory is certain, but there’s a possibility for Kazaream to revive if he’s not eliminated in this place.

Since there’s no insurance that he can win the next fight, Benimaru was going to erase him without fail.

But, when Benimaru was going to approach him, he heard Kazaream’s voice muttering.

When he hears the words, Benimaru stops walking.

「Hey, Laplace…… where did I make a mistake?」

He heard Kazaream mutter with eyes which could not see anything towards the empty sky.

Kazaream’s recollection continues.

「In the beginning, I only wanted a place where we could live in happily……

Because the shortcut for it is to become a Demon Lord, I became one――

Then, I guess I had got carried away......」

「Eh, such thing. It was someone else who was getting carried away!」

「That’s right, I remembered it. I felt aggravated by Leon who introduced himself as a Demon Lord in spite of him being a human.

Fussing over such dull matter, I provoked Leon for a fight......

Hahaa, I have awakened a sleeping dragon......

And so I was killed and I bore a grudge against Leon and lived for it all this time......

But, it’ mystery.

Why for such a thing all this time――

We were only living happily......

Laplace, you’re mistaken, you see...... I ...... I, made a mistake......

Again, we happily――――――」

Kazaream’s consciousness sinks to the bottom of the everlasting darkness.

――Ah……That’s right……I must apologize to Clayman too――

It was the last words that come to Kazaream’s mind.

「Nee-san? Kazaream-sama? Hey, it’s not good, being stubborn is ya redeeming feature you know!

If ya give up, it would be the end. It’s a lie, this can’t bae……

I ain’t be deceived, stop bullshiting me! Once again together, we happily――

Do ya think we would let you leave us so easily!? uuauooooooo!!!」

Laplace cried aloud.

He was too defenseless, and it was enough to stop Benimaru’s steps.

「Eh, this…… a lie, Kazaream-sama?」

Tear who feebly sat down, she became absent minded due to her inability to accept the reality.

Silence filled the room like time has stopped――

「Hoohoohooho! Now is the time for my turn right!」

With unnatural movement like a machine, Footman sprang up suddenly.

He hold an ominous round ball in his hands.

When he hold up the ball in his hand over the sky. It occurred.

『Yo, my name is Velda.

It seems like Kazaream was defeated? Or the brainwashing was removed?

Well, either way is good.

Well now, I won’t be speaking for a long time, I need to collect my objective quickly.]

The ball emits light and drawn the figure of the youth―― Velda―― in the air.

The image linked with the form and clearly showed the figure of the boy.

And the image spoke those words out.

Everyone stopped moving hearing the words. Not because they’re not interested with the boy’s talk, it was because they can’t understand his goal and were at lost.

Moreover, a certain intimidating aura can be felt from the boy.

Whether it was the descend of his main body or it was just his body double?

Even Mizari and Leon who were high ranking existences were overwhelmed by the aura they felt from the boy, and they’re not able to act carelessly.

They stand alertly.

「What is it……? Kazaream-sama was brainwashed ye said!?」

It was Laplace who reacted.

「Ye bastard! What do ye think mah comrades are!!」

Laplace showed his anger which was rare to see.

But, his voice didn’t reach Velda. He simply acted indifferently towards his goal without any interest about Laplace.

Velda hold up his right hand towards Kazaream without minding the reaction of the others.

At that moment, a light separates from Kazaream’s burnt body and sucked into Velda’s hand.

「As if I let you do so!」

Souei with a very quick speed threw a stab at Velda, but his stab passes through the image and didn’t activated the effect of one hit kill.

「it’s not an illusion? Illusion with real substance……?」

「This!? Some kind of parallel existence?」

Towards Leon and Mizari’s analysis,

『Ah, you guys better not thinking too much about me. This is just a recording image.

Because I’m talking while expecting you guys’ behavior, there bout to be a slight sense of incongruity.

Well, I have finished collecting my purpose, it’s time for me to disappear.

Oh yeah, I think I should give you all a present for the end――』

Velda said that he’s a recorded image of himself.

It was Benimaru who was the first to notice the abnormality.

Benimaru had sensed beforehand that it was recorded image of Velda, and without being confused he dashed towards the spot of Footman who held the ball.

The ball finished emitting light and started to pulsating, it begun to erode Footman’s body.

「Be careful! That fat guy――」

It simultaneously happened with Benimaru’s warning.

Kazaream’s body emitted light, then a powerful light and destructive power were unleashed to the surroundings.

It made all of the combined holy demonic energy goes amok and caused a condensed explosion.

The magic power swelled to its maximum inside the container and was released instantly.

With a flash, the castle’s hall is filled with heatless destructive lights.

The overwhelming killing power scattered and attacked the people who were alive.

Velda’s intention was when he retrieved the power he gave to Kazaream, he at the same time manipulated the energy inside Kazaream’s body and make him explode.

「Tch!」

There’re few people who were able to react.

Among them, Benimaru evaded all of flashes of the explosion which could be said a difficult feat while observing the surrounding situation.

Souei who was a distant away from Kazaream, in an instant he positioned Footman as his shield and deploy multiple barriers as his defense.

Mizari who didn’t have any change in her expression, invoked barrier magic which wraps her whole body and she was able to nullify half of it. She received damage from the remaining energy, but as a spiritual life form the injury instantly regenerates.

Laplace was directing his anger towards Velda beside Kazaream, but his life was saved due to his foresight power.

He moved to Tear’s location who was not able to react before the moment of the explosion, and he created a barrier while covering Tear. Even so, he bore a serious injury on his back, but he seemed to be able to avoid death barely.

And then, Leon’s subordinates――

All of them seemed to be safe due to the barrier which the Demon Lord Leon created and Leon who shielded them like a shield with his own body.

But, Leon who prioritized protecting his subordinates over his own self, had received tremendous damage and was unable to move after being bathed in the destructive light which he couldn’t nullify.

However, there’s still light of unyielding will shining in Leon’s eyes and he didn’t let Velda go from his sight.

The attack just now was brutal, but there’s no one who died.

Benimaru who perceived the situation let out a relieved sigh, but there’s a small uncomfortable feeling.

He was able to sense that uncomfortable feeling coming from Footman.

(What is this……?)

He has such question but,

『How’s it? Was the fireworks beautiful?

Well now, it’s a present, but I think it’s about time it join too.

I gave that Footman over there Vega’s egg.

Although it’s reproduced body transplanted with Ultimate Skill『Evil Dragon Lord Azi Dahaka』, it have the same ability.

If it absorbs the explosion energy of Kazaream just now and acquired the holy demonic energy, I wonder what would happens?

Oh well, whether it succeeds or fails, both are good.

Well then, please enjoy it to the fullest. Bye bye!』

He lost consciousness for only an instant as he understood the meaning of Velda’s words.

The words that were just was a shock.

(Is that Transfer Technique? Did he returned after getting the core inside Kazaream in his hand?)

Benimaru is analyzing, but he was not confident whether it was the correct answer.

He had no time for it, as he has the produced evil monster as the current problem.

He had received the report of its combat ability from when one of the Four Fiends of the Heaven Commanders, Vega was rampaging. It was fiendish monster having a considerable immortal characteristics.

The effective way against such monster is only by annihilating it with overwhelming energy.

However, if such monster got holy demonic attribute, the usable means of attacking would decrease.

It means that monsters which he can’t defeat if he was not skillful enough.

(This is bad. I used Prominence Acceleration in the fight before, I haven’t recovered my energy yet......)

If Benimaru uses the strongest attack he has, he may exterminate it surely. However, even if he borrows Rimuru’s nihility energy, he calmly concluded that it was dangerous as the loss rate of his energy is too large.

In other words, he can’t help but conclude that the war potential is insufficient against the monster―― the current Vega class―― which possess resistance to holy demonic attribute.

It backfired as Benimaru had used his strongest attack against Kazaream.

He could defeat him even if taking a bit of time, but he ended the fight with a swift attack so he could take care of Laplace. That was Benimaru’s decision.

If he was fighting only against Laplace, he would have enough remaining magic power. There’s also Souei here, and so he judge that there’s no problem even if there’re 4 of awakened Demon Lord class.

It may be said that Benimaru’s decision which aim for a quick conclusion was never wrong.

But, he’s just regretting his own hastiness currently.

For the current war potential here, Leon is wounded all over his body and it’s hard to say that Mizari is unharmed.

Although Souei is uninjured, his ability is specialized against an individual. Because he doesn’t have a long range attack, he’s not suitable for erasing Vega.

Above all, it’s uncertain how will Laplace moves, preparation for that is needed.

People below than it are not included in the war potential.

The strategy that can be taken here might be only for him to be the leader and asking Mizari to assist him.

He can’t help but expect that Mizari has means for a wide area attack like Carrera.

In case she didn’t has such means, she only need to buy some time for him to recover his energy.

Velda said everything that he wanted to say, all his traces has suddenly vanished.

As the person itself said, it seemed to be a recorded image beforehand.

What he need to be cautious is only Footman who carried Vega’s egg.

The time needed for Benimaru to finish collecting his thought was only a short time of 1/1000 or less than one second.

But, even if that thinking was just an instant, it was a decisive period.

When Benimaru turned his sight to Footman, it had already happened.

「Hooohoohooho. Did you see, Laplace?

I, Footman the Angry Clown just killed that hateful Leon.

Including Kazaream-sama’s regrets, I will clear myself from this anger now!」

Footman is saying as if he’s the greatest.

Like backing his words, Footman pulls out his thrust out hand from Leon’s chest.

A large amount of blood flowed out.

「「「Le, Leon-sama!!」」」

Leon’s subordinates panicking.

Meanwhile, Leon collapses in slow movement and vomits blood from his mouth in large quantities.

His heart was pierced, and anyone was able to see that it was a fatal injury.

Having his consciousness almost taken by Velda’s attack is one of the cause, Leon who was covered by wounds all over his body, he’s already not be able to deal with Footman’s movement.

Leon who is one of the Octagram was on the verge of being killed now.

In case of Mizari who is a spiritual lifeform, her core would be likely to be able to regenerate as long as it was not destroyed.

However, Leon is a high ranking human who possess holy body.

He was an awakened Hero, which was similar to existence which don’t have lifespan but―― certainly it was depending on the physical body.

If he evolves to be a spiritual lifeform and become a demi god, the matter might have been different.

Footman continues laughing loudly.

「Are ye a fool……

Didn’t ye hear Nee-san’s last words……」

Laplace tsukkomi to Footman although he’s serious.

However, it didn’t enter Footman’s ear.

Footman has already lived in his delusion, his reason and his mind, everything already eaten away by Vega’s egg.

「What’s this, Footman. Ye too has already broken――」

Laplace frustratingly muttered.

His eyes clearly see the future where Footman breaks.

Vega’s power continues eroding him, Footman’s anger, mind and even memory are consumed to nothing.

In that case, the only thing left is merely an incarnation of destruction.

「I ain’t going to forgive ye, Velda!!!」

Laplace swore for a revenge with anger in his heart.

「Tear, go away for a moment. I will start to be serious, after a long time.」

「Eh, but…… Footman……?」

「Footman is been controlled. By that bastard guy, Velda.

Therefore, I should quickly end it.」

「――Understood. Don’t act rashly!」

「By the way, are ye keeping anything from Velda?」

「I don’t have anything…… Probably, because I stick to Kazaream-sama all the time.

Laplace, don’t leave me alone please……?」

「Hahaha, leave it to me. I’m actually stronger than Kazaream-sama ye know?」

「Yes. I knew.」

Laplace turned his sight to Footman while saying “what did ye know”.

His eyes already swallowed all feelings and all the unrest in his heart disappears.

The Devil, Laplace staggeringly stood up.

And then, he walks carefreely to Benimaru’s side,

「Say, let’s have a temporary truce.」

So he suggested that brazenly.

Benimaru accepted the suggestion.

There’s possibility that’s a lie and a trap, but he was willing to do it including it.

Since Leon who he expected for the biggest attack has fell, he would use any usable hands that can be used.

Above all, Souei can be added to the war potential as Laplace’s alertness is dispelled.

Souei didn’t oppose it, he investigate Laplace’s movement with his clone. Both parties were engaged it together.

They did a strategy meeting while restraining Footman’s rampage.

He was worried about Leon’s condition, but he gives priority to defeat Footman currently.

「If I’m not mistaken, that Vega guy suck up magic essence from the ground right?」

「As long as he’s in contact with the ground, he could reproduce endless.」

To Benimaru and Souei’s converstation,

「Please don’t worry.

This castle is isolated from the world by a spherical isolation barrier even from the ground.

Even the hole made by Benimaru-sama and Kazaream-sama a while ago, it's already been completely restored」

Mizari answers.

It seems to have worked without a flaw.

However, Benimaru expects that there’s no means for long range attack.

Naturally Mizari can use Nuclear Strike Magic, but he judges that a simple magic is not effective.

「Then, you Clown. Do you have any big move or something?

Because his regenerative power is too high, he can recover immediately even if I cut him down you know?」

「Call me Laplace.

For the answer of the question…… I’m sorry.

I’m too, like that Niisan over there, specialized in anti individual.」

「What, you can’t use it …… Didn’t you boast yourself stronger than Kazaream just a while ago!?」

「What a stupid thing to say! If it’s about underhanded trick like Seraphim absorption or Awakened Demon Lord Transformation, I can’t use it, that kind of talk.

Even that such underhanded tricks, even no matter how many I am, I can’t win.

Therefore, I have 10 spirit bombs left, if I let them explode in chains――」

Laplace shrewdly shown the bomb from his pocket for an instant.

‘Oh?’ so Benimaru nod.

The four people were holding a meeting while evading the attacks that the highly nimble Footman launched.

The power was sublime, but they were saved because the attack speed was slow.

It was good currently, but there was possibility that they won’t be able to deal with the speed later on. It will be a suicidal act to prolong this.

「Okay, his current energy is not so big as he just have taken the remains of Kazaream.

If we want to defeat him, now is the time!

Besides, if we spend a lot of time his body will complete adjust to Vega’s power.」

「――That’s right. His attack speed gradually increases.

Since the attack has holy demonic attribute, it will be impossible to completely defend against if you receive it.」

In fact, if there’s no one who can put barrier of both holy and demonic, either attribute would passes through.

It will be nullified if Foootman become able to master it like Kazaream even if there was barrier against both attributes.

「Mizari, I entrust you to maintain the barrier with all your effort. Even in the worst case, don’t let this guy replenish his power more than this!

Souei and Laplace, you two please set the bomb. I left the competition signal to Souei.

Because I will blast everything at the same time as the signal, you two must not fail to get out in time!」

The four people have begun to move at once under Benimaru’s command.

It was an impromptu plan, but they shows a wonderful cooperation, with Laplace and Souei’s strings, Footman is fastened.

As 10 spirit bombs floats in Footman’s surroundings, Souei gave a signal.

「Right now!」

At the same time, Benimaru multiplied the barrier meticulously that he deploys.

He thoroughly probe the surroundings and made sure that there was no other Footman’s fragments.

On top of that, he enclosed it so that there was no room for Footman to create a clone.

「Take this, Hell Prominence!!!」

Flames of hell sweep over inside the barrier.

At the same time, the spirit bombs explode and caused a chain explosion inside the barrier.

It was originally an attack of holy demonic attribute that could be defended against.

Yes, originally……

「It’s, it’s lie right!? That Footman, he ate the explosion energy!!!」

The energy of the union of holy and demonic attribute was too compatible with Footman who obtained Kazaream’s attribute.

Even while his body is burnt, as his body were regenerated by his super recovery ability, his lost energy was replenished. Footman didn’t keep his original form anymore and his size was enlarged into three meters, becoming an incarnation of violence.

「Why do you use something like explosions of holy demonic attribute!」

「How cruel! Aren’t ye the one who agreed to it!」

Although Benimaru and Laplace was quarreling and screaming, that was an act to lighten the atmosphere even a bit.

It might be said that the situation was the worst.

As the current attack was not working, the only way left is to wait until Benimaru’s energy to be restored; it was such a pessimistic plan.

It was unknown whether it would succeed, it was also clear that Footman would became able to master Vega’s power if they’re buying time for it.

The current Footman rage recklessly as he lost his ego.

He will kill all the living people in this place completely.

The only point that can be said as saving grace was his egoless attack which was means of survival for Benimaru and co.

「It can’t be helped…… it will be a war of attrition, I guess we only have to do it.」(Benimaru)

「That’s right, there’s no other way.」(Souei)

「I shall accompany you.」(Mizari)

「No helping it. Prioritize yerself to survive above all else.」(Laplace)

The four people were prepared for it.

But, the overwhelming determination and touching emotion of the four people was destroyed in the next moment.

「Kufufufufu. So, this is what said that ‘you are never careful enough in the final stage’, Benimaru-dono.」 (Highlight stealing Demon)

No one knew when he arrived, an evil demon suddenly appeared behind Footman and gripped his head.

And just like that, he flung it against the ground.

The demon turn around and shrugged his shoulder like he was showing his disappointment.

「Against such small fry of this level, what are you guys playing around?」(Rimuru’s Demon Butler)

With a sarcastic smile, he said those words.





Chapter 214: The Closed World


I let out a sigh, as I looked at Diablo, who was going "Kufufufufu".

He's totally getting carried away. It felt like he was saying 'Thank you very much!'.

That bulky pierrot who was Diablo's opponent――I think Footman was his name――I can't help but feel sorry for him.

He's pretty much insane now, having only the motive to kill every other moving thing in his immediate vicinity, but it's not like I'm actually worried about him.

The one who I need to worry about, was Leon who was now collapsed before me.

I walked over to Leon's side, and placed my hand onto his chest.

Leon's subordinates were looking at me all surprised, but I put a finger on my lip, as a sign for them to keep quiet.

Now wasn't the time for a vocal dispute.

I took out a Full Potion from my chest pocket (which was in fact my『Imaginary Space』) , and I used it to close up the gaping hole in Leon's chest.

But, the potion only did that much. Leon had yet to wake up, even though his body had been repaired.

But, there was no need to panic.

This was still, the closed off world inside of Mizari's barrier.

You could say, that Leon was really lucky. Just because, if I had not come he would have been in real danger.

In the first place, if I were to give a reason as to why we are here――

I'm letting Velda assume that I'm dead, as I observed everything happening in the world while lurking in the shadows.

The mini Moss clones stealthily dispersed by Diablo, were greatly convenient. They provided some of the best spy information, as always.

My observation magic, and Moss' spy intel.

Understanding what was happening anywhere was easy peasy, no matter where I chose to hide.

Well, transferring the information into the alternate dimension I was hiding in took some work, but I got Ciel to do this so this problem was solved.

Using some magic theory I totally didn't understand, she created a comfortable space for where we did our spying.

As expected of sensei. She's almighty as always.

We collected all sorts of information in that space, and as I was looking through it all with Diablo...

Velda's presence was detected, in Leon's territory.

《There is a very high chance, that it is not his main body. But, the chance to gain some much needed intel is also there――》

I see.

If it's sensei's words, it must be true.

And that, was pretty much the gist of why I'm here now.

Well, it's not like the situations in the other locations can be ignored, but this war ends when Velda is defeated, so what I will prioritize was pretty obvious.

Over at Guy's place, his battle with Chloe was growing in intensity but there were no big changes just yet.

Ruminas' side was also on a pinch, but there's Adalman and Albert, along with Shion too. They'd be able to hold out for awhile.

It would have been the best if I could defeat Velda when he appeared here, but that's just wishful thinking.

It looks like Velda's objective, was to recover the power that he had given to Kazaream.

He gave his projection physical mass, which meant he linked a portion of his actual body as part of the projection's data with an ability similar to『Parallel Existence』.

Parallel existence, was an ability that let the user control clones of himself, but needed Energy to be divided for each copy.

What he did, was that he only overlapped his consciousness with the projection data so as to allow him to recover the power as data, that sounds about right.

『Parallel Existence』which there is always a 'main body', or『Multiple Existence』in which every copy is a 'main body'.

Which one is more of a pain to deal with, depends on the person using the ability.

But, in terms of ability classing,『Multiple Existence』 is definitely one of the highest tier abilities without a doubt.

Even now, as Ciel-sensei is analyzing it right now, I can say that with confidence.

But I digressed.

The moment I arrived, was right when Velda's『Multiple Existence』copy had finished recovering the power from Kazaream.

I had just missed him.

Nothing I can do about that. By the time I teleported over after detecting him, Velda had already finished what he came here for.

Information was delivered at the moment of cognition. That was one of the annoying things about『Multiple Existence』.

It's impossible to overpower that transfer speed, unless you use some ability to stop time.

To quote Ciel-sensei, the speed at which data was transferred, was practically faster than the speed of light.

It was word for word, "at the same time".

So, there wasn't anything we could have done to prevent Velda from slipping through our fingers this time.

In any case, this was but a portion of him as data so it's not like we could have given him a finishing blow anyways, so I was not going to lose sleep over this.

The real problem happened after that.

Mizari repaired the hole in the barrier that Benimaru and Kazaream's battle opened.

That was likely as attempt to cut off Velda's data body, but that was impossible even with the reaction speed of a demon.

Rather you could say it was a valiant attempt, with the situation being what it was.

Me and Diablo snuck in through the hole too, but now we're stuck inside too.

For us who were painstakingly avoiding getting found by Velda, breaking the barrier to leave was a no go. We'd definitely be found out if we did that.

This was a slightly embarrassing situation, so me and Diablo were completely hiding our presence and observing the others instead.

So, we sat back for awhile, and Leon collapsed soon after that.

It looked like it would be a "death confirmed!" if this went on as is, so I decided to lend a hand and made my appearance.

That was after getting the green light from Ciel, after confirming no data could be transferred in or out of Mizari's wonderful barrier.

If, there was any chance at all that I would get found by Velda, I would have left Leon to his own fate.

Don't think too badly of me, the important thing now is defeating Velda. This may seem cold but this was just me setting my priorities straight.

But, this was good luck for Leon, as our current location was completely shut out from the outside world.

I immediately strengthened Mizari's barrier, in preparation for making my appearance.

――and here we are again, as I started treating Leon.

At a glance, his soul seemed intact, but his Core had taken damage.

It was the source of power, that an awakened hero attained. If this was damaged, they became unable to properly control their powers.

That was what was reported, after Ciel sensei did a calm analysis.

Fumu fumu, what should I do now.

But, the remainder are making a ruckus which is a problem.

Benimaru seemed to be very drained after his bout with Kazaream, and couldn’tt defeat that blob in a single attack as he was now.

As expected he understood that he shouldn't waste energy in attacks that don't get him results, so there's no sign of him trying to do such things.

Souei and that devil Laplace too, lack the firepower to cause any decisive damage.

Mizari was putting all her effort into her barrier, which is the right decision.

They looked to be stalling until Benimaru recovered his energy, but that wouldn't give me much peace of mind to carry on with treatment.

I kinda felt bad for Benimaru, but I judged that this is time for Diablo to make his appearance.

「Alright! Can't help it huh. Go for it, Diablo-san!」

The moment I gave my order, Diablo who was standing by sprung into action.

「Kufufufufu. Leave it to me, my master!」

He gleefully and grandly makes his appearance, grabs Footman by the head and slams him into the ground.

That was quite the outset, were my thoughts when I saw what happened.

The rest who were shocked, and Diablo with his smug face.

From there on, the situation was expected to become one sided.

I focused on treating Leon, and when I snuck a peek at what was happening――

「Kufufufufu. What's wrong? Is that all that your power amounts to?」

It had turned into a situation where I wanted to say "Just what kind of a villain are you!".

Well, was it because I also gave him orders in a somewhat villainous tone? Nah, that's *probably* not it.

Diablo diced Footman up with the claws on both of his hands, showing the difference in power between them. Naturally, the parts that were cut up slowly dwindled away.

Diablo was chopping him up at a pace that overpowers his regeneration.

Huge flashes of light and impacts happened every once in awhile, was the barrier going to hold out like this?

I'm worried, even though I did strengthen the barrier.

(Hey hey, is this going to be okay? Has Diablo forgotten that we should be trying to stay off of Velda's radar?)

《It is judged to be under control. On that point, Diablo has his bases covered.》

Ciel confidently replies.

Oh I see it now, I didn't notice when, but Diablo had used his『Temptation Lord Azazel』and activated『Temptation World』.

As expected of Diablo, his combat style was as shrewd as ever.

Diablo wouldn't be committing the same mistakes that Benimaru had done, huh.

(Hmm, looks like it won't be a problem. Don't think I'll need to worry, and just leave that to Diablo...)

《It'll be fine. It doesn't seem like he will fail to divest Ultimate Skill『Evil Dragon Lord Azi Dahaka』.》

Eh!?

You meant that part!? I was not worrying about that!!

Without me knowing yet again, the main prerequisite became stealing the enemy's ability.

I'd just let you guys do that.

I have went beyond being shocked, and just half heartedly went back to doing Leon's treatment.

As I moved on with Leon's treatment, I overheard Benimaru and co.'s conversation.

「...ya know, I've been thinking... But that demon, ain't he just plain nonsense?

How is he――he's just brute forcing his way through, but how is he not showing any signs of fatigue?」

「Ahh, right. He's just that kind of person...」

「As expected of Diablo-sama... Looks like I, still have a long way to go.」

「Don't go thinking of him as the standard. That's not a battle style that we can learn from, that's why he's just boldly showing his hand.

It's suicidal to even think of trying what he's doing.」

To Laplace's question, Benimaru tosses a reply back.

Mizari simply gave her honest feedback, while Souei calmly analyzes and gives a warning.

I don't think there was a need to explain in such detail to someone who was only a temporary ally, but maybe Souei was slightly shaken up from the situation.

It's not like that can be mimicked easily anyway, so he probably didn't care all too much.

He was surprised enough by the appalling spectacle to have lost all words for a while, but seems like he had calmed down enough.

From the previous pinch they were in, the situation probably felt like a joke to him now.

Accepting the facts that have just happened must have been troubling for him.

「Kufufufufu. Oh my apologies. I seem to have put in a little too much force, I seem to have ripped an arm off.」

His enemy cowered as though being trampled by the strong, as the demon chuckled.

This was all too one sided to even call it a fight, even the spectators felt uncomfortable as they watched on.

Diablo was so overpowered, it looked like he was playing around.

But, contrary to his tone, Diablo was making use of extremely high level skills and was progressing his battle calculatingly.

Destroying parts as he went on, he slowly sapped Footman's energy.

The claws that his hands were clad in, was the Energy of『Turn Null』in a super compressed form.

He was using the Energy he borrowed from me in a focused style. Such a feat was only possible, with his exceptional battle sense.

Firstly, from what could be deduced by looking at the remains of the battlefield――of course Ciel sensei was the one doing it――, the Energy that Benimaru had borrowed from me, he released all of it in one instant.

Controlling these vicious void energies then dumping it on the enemy, this certainly works against most beings.

Most would probably be destroyed without being able to resist.

But, there was always a price to pay.

You would have to use a massive chunk of your own Energy, and become unable to continue with a prolonged battle like how Benimaru is right now.

It's great to keep as an ace in the hole, but it wasn't something to be used carelessly.

On that point, Diablo's method of using it is more reliable.

His special training to kill time in the past two days, certainly bore fruit.

It was a method of circulating Energy thought up by Ciel sensei, while we were hiding in subspace.

Aptly named, the "Torus Secret Art".

That's just an awesome name for it, but essentially, it's just using any space control type ability to create a situation to prevent energy from dispersing, then absorbing back the energy that was used.

To quote an existing example, when Diablo was in his『Temptation World』, he was able to recycle his own energy constantly.

This logic was as hard to understand as magic, but Diablo was able to understand Ciel's words.

Let's say, there was your energy and the energy of another being, in a closed off world.

Your aim would be to neutralize the opposition――or, mutual dispersion was okay too――, but strictly speaking, the idea was to seclude one of the energies and release the other one from that closed world.

Then, you absorbed back whichever one that was your energy.

The opposition's released energy was then used to maintain the 'world' that was created for this purpose.

By using this cycle, it became possible to one sidedly weaken your opponent.

Honestly, I couldn't understand any of that stuff, but Diablo managed to pull it off.

Even now, the spectators were probably thinking that he was brute forcing his way, but the truth was far from that.

Looking at their reactions, the few who actually understood what was going on, were probably only Benimaru and Mizari.

Well, saying that they understood felt like a stretch. It's more that, they didn't fully understand the inner workings, but could tell that something's up.

It's probably a good idea to teach Benimaru about this afterwards, but would he be able to understand this?

I have Ciel with me, so there's no problems even if *I* don't understand this.

Mm, the only support I could give him would be to get around that with fighting spirit or something.

As expected even if this was a closed off world(within a barrier), it's not exactly able to withstood the full powered single instance burst of void energies, so some extent of adjustment was required.

If you were to ask who could do this right after hearing the theory, Diablo was most likely the only one who was able to.

As I watched Diablo's battle in the distance, Leon's injuries fully healed without me noticing.

In the midst of it, I dumped all the work onto Ciel!

That's how much my motivation amounts to.

If it he was a bishoujo things would obviously be different, I could care less about guys, much less an Ikemen.

It was honestly, "motivation, dropped!".

That was why while in the middle of it,

《To fully resurrect, there is a need to turn him from his current state, to that which is similar to Hero Chloe's Almighty state and manage the flow of his holy aura, for that――》

(I'll leave that to you!)

And so, I let Ciel do all the work without any intent to listen to all the explanations.

It was mostly into one ear and out the other, but I think it was some stuff about his Hero Core being damaged, so a substitute is needed.

Reviving him normally would cause a drop in his combat abilities, so I chose to heal Leon without causing that to happen.

What's with all the permissions she's asking me for.

So I just diverted all that away with a "Ciel sensei is cautious as always!"

But, when I looked at the revived Leon, I was half suspicious of my own eyes.

Huh? Isn't it like, he got strengthened a little too much... I almost shouted out "C-Ciel sensei, just what did you do!!".

An analysis shows, that he has become a Demi-God.

Before this Leon had generous amounts of holy aura inside of him, now he has become the very holy aura that used to be within him.

Simply said, he has become a spiritual entity.

He didn’t have a Core now, so to adjust the flow of Ki, he was remodeled to work without the need of a core.

I see... That's not it!

Though he wasn't hostile to us, why did you go and power up this fellow who wasn't exactly an ally!

......Well, I was the one who diverted the information away.

Doesn't make sense for me to complain now.

Good grief, it's all good if we don't antagonize him.

In addition, the change was kinda forcefully done, so it's gonna take awhile for him to become able to fully utilize his new powers.

So we just need to finish up Velda, before it comes to that point.

Well, things will work out somehow. I won't be letting this bother me.

As i mused over such things, Leon began to regain consciousness.

He slightly opened his eyes, looking at me. And,

「Shizu, huh... Heh, have you come to get your revenge on me?」

Somehow, he seemed to be going on with some half asleep nonsense.

「If I were to be destroyed by you, then I shall accept. Now, do your worst.」

Leon prattled on.

It looks like, he is mistaking me for Shizu-san.

That's mighty annoying.

So,

「Fwha-!」

I threw Leon, whom I was cradling. (TN: no homo)

Why should I care so much, for someone who has fully recovered.

「――! Is that you, Rimuru?」

「Ahh, finally woke up? You better thank me, worship me too!」

「I... I see, so you are the one who revived me――」

I swirled my hair up and nodded.

I practiced this secretly, a pose where I (supposedly) look awesome.

「Many thanks, Demon Lord Rimuru.」

「Umu. Thank me more!」

He's properly thanking me, guess I have nothing to worry about for the time being.

As Leon and I were doing our short skit, Leon's followers in unison,

「「「Leon-sama!! Thank heavens, you are alright!!!」」」

So, they all came over as they said that.

Some were even bawling, but none of them were unscathed.

I have already done so much, I'll just add this in as a bonus.

I take out one Full Potion for each person, and break them on each individual.

「What are you-!?」

The surprised ones said that, but then they noticed their injuries disappearing almost instantly.

This is even more effective than magic, can't help that they'd be surprised.

Right when all their injuries are healed,

「「「Demon Lord Rimuru-sama, this great favor you have given us, shall not be forgotten!!!」」」

All of Leon's followers got down on their knees, and lowered their heads to me.

Mmm, this kind of stuff doesn't really mean much to me.

I feel slightly embarrassed, so I'm hoping they would stop with this formal stuff.

Now that Leon has revived, and with his followers making a big fuss over this, naturally Benimaru and co. have noticed me as well.

「「Rimuru-sama!」」

Benimaru and Souei came rushing over.

「So you really were alright!」

「See, what'd I say? There was nothing to worry about!」

「Isn't that, what Zegion said...」

「I'll have none of that. I believed from the very beginning!」

As expected, they panicked somewhat when news of my destruction reached them.

Zegion noticed almost immediately――he was totally unfazed too――that my divine protection has not disappeared, which helped calm everyone down.

「Uh, sup. You guys doing okay? I was thinking of getting Velda to lower his guard with this.

Additionally, the plan was to smoke out any rebels too.」

I tried to smooth my way out with this explanation.

But, this was more than enough apparently.

「So that really was the plan, huh.」

「As expected of Rimuru-sama. Now then how should we(your followers) go about with this?」

Benimaru looked convinced, while Souei inquired for details with the intention to take action immediately.

Now just hold your horses.

There's still somebody smacking Footman around, let's not forget about him.

With my appearance, you guys are feeling either too relieved or too enthusiastic.

「Hold on a sec, we got to end the battle here first. Diablo, you all good there?」

I had been found by them anyway, no need for me to be reserved now.

I decided to defeat Footman as soon as possible.

「Kufufufufu. The preparations are mostly complete, Rimuru-sama.」

「Alright.」

I nodded, and walked towards Footman.

「Dangit, damnnnnn! Just what, what the fuck is going on!!

Y-you insects! To do this, to me the great Footman-samaaaa!!」

To Footman who couldn’t even tell what's left or right now, Diablo delivered one final attack onto him.

「You're being noisy, shut your trap.」

As he said that.

Footman became unable to speak, as his lower jaw was blown away.

Eww that looked nasty. I'll do this quickly.

「I shan't cause anymore suffering unto you. You too, shall find peace within me.」

And I devoured him, after saying that.

Due to Diablo's work of weakening him, consumption of Footman was completed pretty much instantly.

It went so easily to the point where he didn't even have the chance for a final struggle.

And just as Ciel planned, I also successfully obtained Ultimate Skill『Evil Dragon Lord Azi・Dahaka』.

「Kufufufufu. As expected of Rimuru-sama, that was splendidly done!」

「Oh no, this was all you Diablo, you helped weaken him a bunch. And also, good work there Benimaru and Souei.」

「「「Yes!」」」

The 3 of them kneeled, and acknowledged my commendations.

Them doing this every time feels kinda inconvenient to me, but formalities are important to them.

And so, the present threat disappears all too easily.

Later,

「This is hard to take in so suddenly, but seriously, just what the heck are those two...

Well, we can put the demon aside, but that Demon Lord is way too unbelievable...

Anyone who would actually pick a fight with him, can only be foolhardy or downright insane.

This puts the nail in the coffin. I'm now sure Kazaream-sama was definitely brainwashed in some way.」

「I think so too.

Kazaream-sama had always been cautious, he'd never antagonize that kind of monster.

He would even go out of his way to sneakily push for an alliance in the shadows, that much would be certain.」

「I know right? He was the devious type who wouldn't think twice over this kinda stuff.」

The two of them were really letting it all out as though they have realized something important.

One of them, the devil Laplace, was a dangerous fellow who is at least equal to Souei.

It might not be a good idea to leave them be.

If that's the case,

「So anyways, you two there. Come work for me, 'kay!」

I'll just make that decision for them.

「Wait a-! What are you deciding on your own――」

「Kufufufufu. Are there, *any* problems with that?」

「Eh, ah... You know――」

Laplace looked like he wanted to object, but is at a loss for words before Diablo's "smile".

He ended up fiddling with his fingers.

I was rooting for the girl beside him(you can do it!), but she could only quietly say, "This is impossible for me~".

This made me feel kinda sorry for them.

「Err, well... You say you're hiring us, so does that mean we can expect to get paid?」

「Hoon, salary!」

「Ah! No, that's not what I meant...」

「Hooh? Then, mind if I ask what you really meant?」

「Errr, that's uhh...」

Salary, huh.

Come to think of it, back at Tempest it's mostly been something like a material reward system, we don't actually have a salary system.

I did want to think about it some time back but it got forgotten with all the stuff that's happened. I'll need to discuss with Myourmiles about this.

「Hey, those little details can be discussed at a later time. So, what are your choices then?」

「Understood! Then I shall be in uhh, your care!」

「Ah, me too!」

Laplace and Tear, these two devils are now in my custody.

There's no salary just yet, so it kinda looks like they were threatened into being hired, but you lose if you think too deeply about this sort of thing.

There's also Diablo who won(threatened) them over with his "smile".

After all that, we had a little conference, together with the revived Leon.

Firstly, for them to keep quiet about me as I'm in hiding.

It's obvious, but the alliance will be called off the moment information about me is spread out. This essentially means I'll let their country be destroyed if that happens.

This got most of them pale in the face and they nodded in agreement, no worries here for me.

Me and Diablo are going to go back into hiding after this, so it's important we don't let Velda notice anything.

As for Leon's country, they will still continue to battle with the forces which were led by Kazaream.

They should be able to at least manage this much. I went and fully healed all the key appointment holders, and the opposition leader has been dealt with too.

Benimaru will be returning to Tempest to lead our side again.

Souei will be supporting Benimaru.

As for Laplace and Tear, I ordered them to stay in Leon's country and help with the defense. They'll help bolster the country that they originally attacked――but the losses weren't as great as initially thought to be――as reinforcements.

It's not like there won't be any lingering hatred at all, but I ordered them to keep that stuff to the minimum.

I pushed the gratitude they have for me into Leon's face too, to get him to forgive them.

It's awfully selfish of me to do this, but that's how I roll.

I got them to promise to cooperate, though it was limited to this time only, but this is good enough for now.

What comes afterwards, can be decided when this great war has been won, and that we survive.

Also, though I feel slightly bad for Leon and co., this is also meant to be a test for Laplace and co. . I didn't want to divide Tempest's forces anymore than it already is, so it's a win-win condition for me.

I want them to work hard, and focus on the defense of the countries.

Just in case, I get Souei to keep an eye on them.

Whether I decide to fully trust Laplace and co. or not, will depend on Souei's report after everything is over.

At the bare least, there won't be problems if they don't betray me during the duration of the great war.

There's also the thing about Velda brainwashing Kazaream――it's probably his Thought Guidance――which Laplace is pretty mad about, so I don't think he's going to betray me at this point in time.

So our plan of action is more or less decided as so, though the agreement from the others have mostly been forcefully smoothed over by me.

And thus, the ruckus in Leon's country, came to its eventful end.





Chapter 215: Time Accelerated


Inside the stopped time, three people were facing each other in a three-way standoff.

Guy’s sword flickered but was repelled by Chloe’s katana.

Chloe then sent out a slash with a flowing movement which was repelled by the ice wall that appeared in front of Velzard.

The ice wall broke and burst, becoming bullets of ice which poured over Guy and Chloe, but the two people ward all of them off with the weapons they hold in their hands without difficulty.

Neither strategy nor psychological warfare had any meaning, it’s a world ruled by absolute power.

In that situation, the three demonstrated their power, no one conceded even for one step.

It was a contest of equal balance.

‘Well, what should I do?’

Guy thought.

Even in the world where the time stopped, Chloe could move calmly.

In a world where normal eyesight didn’t have any meaning as even the light particles have stopped.

In this world where time stopped, the reactions from the energy released is used to perceive the situation.

Whether it’s Heroes or Devils, since they were bound by the world’s rule, it’s impossible for them to act.

However, Chloe had transcended that restriction.

In other words ――

(This person, was a spiritual lifeform too, that’s it)

It meant this.

Even in the lowest level, she should had become a Demi God.

A person who reached the domain of God while being in a mortal body.

But, in this case, it’s convenient. As even Guy would withdraw from fighting against Velzard while protecting Chloe who couldn’t move.

Afterall, inside the world where time stopped, even defensive power became zero.

Explaining it easily, all of the connections between the inherent energy that a substance has became cut off.

In other words, the motion of all substances stops. Everything even the link between substances and molecular motion.

Because it was stopped, when an external force is applied, it will collapse easily.

Even if it’s a lump of steel, even if it’s the worlds hardest material, it can be destroyed even by the impact of a gentle breeze.

Of course, the same applied even to superior arms. If it’s lower than Legend class, they have no meaning.

Defending a target in such a state, the difficulty is too high even for Guy.

Fortunately, Chloe doesn’t seem to have any problem in the stopped world. It’s dangerous to think so even though she’s an enemy, but in this case he appreciated it.

He put his worry for Chloe aside for the time being.

The current problem was what he should do in this situation.

Stopping Velzard’s rampage, and defeating Velda. Those became his ultimate goal.

His fight with Chloe is an act, Guy’s main purpose is to get out from this place. But it’s impossible for Chloe to ignore Guy due to the effect of the curse.

A very troublesome situation.

Even so, for Guy fighting against two people at the same time is not impossible.

After all, Guy’s ability that is Ultimate Skill『Prideful Lord Lucider』is the strongest ability.

The essence of this ability is complete replication of ability that he saw once.

It’s one of the reasons why Guy was expecting that birth of the other Demon Lords’ skill.

In order for him to be the strongest being, he observe various Ultimate Skill and taking them as his.

In order words, as Guy is analyzing Chloe and Velzard’s ability, it’s not impossible for him to nullify them.

However, for that――

(First of all, they didn’t use their ability.

I know Velzard’s『Patience Lord Gabriel』, but what kind of ability is『Envious Lord Leviathan』?

Beside, that Chloe girl―― Rimuru gave a high praise for her, yet she has only shown her swordsmanship till now......)

――that’s right, it’s important for him to see the ability of the two to analyze it.

Even so Guy believed in his own strength.

He faced the two while getting fed up without being careless.

‘Ara, it’s a bother.’

Velzard felt unpleasantness as Chloe was able to move in the stopped time like it’s natural.

She intended to stop the time, get rid of Chloe and enjoy a fight with Guy in this world with just the two of them.

And yet, Chloe whom she looked down upon as an inferior human was able to act in the stopped world where only those who had transcend as supreme being can exist in it, it’s an unexpected event for Velzard.

Moreover, Chloe was able to fight her and Guy evenly, it became a very unpleasant situation.

(Despite being an awakened Hero, she’s more than I expected.)

Velzard stopped looking down on Chloe.

She recognized her as an enemy which she should defeat.

In the first place, Guy was strong.

Even if Velzard tried to defeat him seriously, she knew that victory would be extremely difficult.

Guy could understand the essence of an ability from just a glimpse with his gifted observation eyes.

Therefore, all of Velzard’s abilities were naturally exposed, it would be impossible to win if she only depends on Ultimate Skill『Patience Lord Gabriel』.

But ――

Right now, she had obtained Ultimate Skill『Envious Lord Leviathan』, she able to see the victory.

In that case, she concluded that she need to postpone the elimination of the obstacle that’s Chloe.

If she exposed her skills poorly, her chance for victory might disappear.

She postponed the elimination, but, it’s troublesome if she’s disturbed.

She thought so, and released an ability towards Chloe.

It’s necessary to use『Envious Lord Leviathan』 to deal the finishing blow without it being known by Guy. Therefore, she was using『Patience Lord Gabriel』 right now.

『Patience Lord Gabriel』’s ability is absolute defense power. Its essence is『Fixation』.

With inherent ability to stop things, it was a very compatible ability with her.

Freezing the moisture in the atmosphere, creating an ice wall is also its ability.

It was possible even if she didn’t freeze only the water molecules particularly and with other molecules mixed, but the result of her valuing the beautiful appearance was only a wall of ice.

Thus ――

「You are a hindrance. Please be obedient and stay there! Air Wall (Atmospheric Prison Wall)l!!」

Velzard just solidified the atmosphere around Chloe and formed a prison which couldn’t be destroyed instantly.

Naturally, for those who could move in this stopped time, they didn’t need to breath anymore. Chloe didn’t die because of this attack, but Velzard had no problem whether she could break free from the prison or not.

Velzard only wanted her combat with Guy not be disturbed.

But――

‘Kiiiiiiiiin!’ such clear sound could be heard, the atmospheric prison was cut opened.

The atmosphere in the stopped world shook, with the sound of impact accompanying a slash attack.

It was already beyond the level of a sword technique.

Velzard was astonished in the truest meaning.

(That’s right―― Hero Chloe, you are also standing in the same dimension as me and Guy, you couldn’t be underestimated.)

A powerful person who’s supported with experiences and didn’t rely on her ability.

And like herself, she realized that Chloe hadn’t yet shown all of her cards.

Velzard glared at Chloe with hatred.

(Then, like with Guy, I will seriously fight against her seriously.)

An enemy whom she should defeat. Also, an equal like her too.

Velzard accepted the fact and finally became serious.

Chloe perceived Velzard’s attack and shown a hesitation for a moment.

Should I withdraw from the current combat and fight the winner? So she thought.

But, unfortunately it was not permitted. Her body spontaneously reacted without being able to go against the order to fight Guy.

With her ability, the Absolute Severance of Ultimate Skill『Hope Lord Sariel』.

Velzard’s ability of absolute fixation was offset by Chloe’s Absolute Severance, its shape is cut by Chloe’s sword technique.

In this case, Chloe’s power seemed to surpass it, but it was equal in ability.

Rather for Chloe, it’s an undesirable development because she would expose her skills.

“Always hold a trump card!” such was Rimuru’s teaching that she follow.

It’s a dependable ability, but it’s preferable to use it at the decisive moment. She was warned strictly that when she showed it too many times, countermeasures would be made.

In fact, even in the stopped world where she had an absolute confidence, Rimuru shown her his quick adaptation.

If it was real combat, there might be a possibility that she would lose some of her mind composure.

And, she wasn’t surprised at people on the level like Guy and Velzard to be able to exist in the stopped world like it was natural because of that experience.

As for Velzard, she possess energy incomparable to Chloe, as she could stop time for a long time.

The duration of time that Chloe could stop is only around several seconds. However, Velzard can easily stop time for more than several minutes without a problem.

(Obviously, she’s a higher existence than me――）

Chloe recognized the difference in ability clearly.

Thus, she prudently waited for the chance.

Because she believed that Rimuru would defeat Velda as long as she bought time here.

But, a small doubt appeared inside Chloe.

(It’s strange, why did Velzard start by confining me?

My action can’t go against the order to fight against Guy. If her aim is to defeat Guy, it should be natural to cooperate together......

She have a connection with Velda, is she not informed about me? Is it something like that?

I don’t think that Velzard ignores Velda’s words either.

If that’s so...... Velda didn’t tell anything about me? Such a thing......?)

She thought that Velda’s action was too unnatural based on what she guessed from Velzard’s action.

(――Right now I must concentrate on the fight!)

Chloe forgot the thought.

She thought about focusing herself to her katana and sharpened her senses.

Guy and Velzard.

In front of those two overwhelming higher existences, worrying about something would lead her directly to death.

Since the『Memory Retrieval』of her Ultimate Skill『Space-Time Lord Yog-Sothoth』had been sealed off, she needed to face them with other abilities.

Time stop didn’t have a meaning either.

Because in the stopped world, you couldn’t stop time any further.

Even if you added a stopped world inside a stopped world, there’s no effect. It would only lengthen the duration of the stopped time.

Since her trump card was sealed off, she couldn’t say that she going easy anymore.

Chloe made up her mind to stand in this place with all of her power.

When the three people determined their resolution to fight ――

A crimson meteor pierced “White Ice Palace” which was Guy’s castle.

Inside the stopped world, with an abnormal speed, the castle was destroyed in front of the three people.

The person who destroyed the castle which was reinforced by Velzard’s Concept Fixation, stands calmly.

With messy azure colored hair and Cardinal Aura clad to its body.

The ruler of beautiful scarlet manifested in the stopped world.

“Scorch Dragon” Velgrind joined the fight.

「Long time no see, Nee-san. By the way, the guy who killed my partner seems to meddle with Nee-san too.」

「Ah, Velgrind. You seem to be very lively.

It’s regrettable about Rudra. But, he’s human after all. You don’t need to care about it forever.

It seems you’re worrying about me, but I’m all right.

Because I’m sure that Velda is the reincarnation of Nii-san ――」

Both of their eyes intersected.

Colors of anger appeared in Velgrind’s eyes as Rudra was spoken ill of, aura surged out increasingly from her body

「Guy, I shall take Nee-san as my opponent.

You Chloe, Demon Lord Rimuru seemed to be worried about you, do your best to survive.

If you die, that Demon Lord would go on a rampage, you see. If it’s Guy, he would become a great opponent.

Also Nee-san, for your mind to be caught by that imposter, how pathetic.

I will make you come to your senses.」

Velzard’s presence was dyed with anger too.

The mind of both dragon sisters swelled and both moved at the same time.

Both of them clashed.

By the shock wave of the rising destruction, a part of the “White Ice Palace” scattered into pieces.

Two beautiful dragons emerged in that place.

White and red.

The stopped world was dyed in color by the vivid hue.

And the essence of the red dragon’s ability was――『Acceleration』――!!

Both of the ability to stop and ability to accelerate clashed and neutralized each other’s power.

When Velzard’s ability was offset, the stopped time regained its flow once again.

The world which was stopped had begun to move again.

At the center of the north continent, the fight between the strongest species raised its curtain.

　−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−

For now, I transferred from Leon’s castle to the hidden subspace.

As planned, Benimaru and the other would play their roles.

In order to deceive Velda’s eyes, the barrier was left active.

He would think that the battle is still continuing on the inside. Well, there’dl be no problem even if it’s exposed.

As long as he didn’t notice my existence, all would be fine.

Leon and co will be all right for a while, I restarted the observation of the other places.

The situation in the capital of Ingrassia Kingdom became quite serious, but it’s not critical enough for me to get involved.

However, a problem is still a problem, I ordered Diablo’s subordinates to move and resolve the problem.

「Please leave it to me, Rimuru-sama!」

Diablo bowed to me reverently and put the order into practice.

Although, he just ordered Moss to moved the subordinates. Probably it will be Venom or someone nearby.

Diablo himself didn’t seem to have any desire to move from my side. Oh well, it’s fine.

With such feeling, I continued my observation.

《The world movement has stopped. Someone seems to have invoked『Suspended World』――》



Ciel informed a warning.

「Kufufufufu. This scale of the『Suspended World』 is not just several seconds. Perhaps――」

「Is it Velda or Velzard?」

《Velda in the present situation didn’t have a reason to stop time. Most likely, it’s Velzard――》

Hmm, that might be so.

Even if Guy had the ability to stop time, it wouldn’t be strange, but he has no reason to use it.

Chloe would not stop time for a long time like this. Or rather, it’s meaningless.

Because if the opponent could move inside the stopped world, it would just wasted energy. There’s no meaning for stopping time for a long time if she couldn’t find some kind of superiority in it.

Anyway……

「By making that ‘it’s natural’ face, so you can move in that world too, Diablo.」

「Kufufufufu. Of course, Rimuru-sama. It might be still impossible for Benimaru, if it’s Zegion possibly――」

‘Ho, hohou……’

Even though I was able to do this just the other day.

While I didn’t realize it, my subordinates seemed to display a surprising growth.

「What shall I do? Shall I go and help Chloe-jou?」

Then, I was pondering. Even if he went there, transferring would be dangerous.

It’s also difficult to grasp the situation inside the stopped world. Because light stopped inside too, my surveillance magic was also useless.

Transferring there without understanding the situation would be suicidal.

Naturally the reports from Moss had also stopped.

Although moving inside might be possible, it was impossible to contact each other.

If it became so, flying there was the quickest way but it would take one hour.

When I was thinking so――

《Ah, there’s a movement. Velgrind seems to have entered the war.》

Ciel who observed the situation told me that.

Immediately after that, the stopped time began to flow.

Apparently, Velgrind seemed to have neutralized the stopped world.

「Rimuru-sama, it’s seems to be one of Velzard-sama’s ability after all.

Just now, a report came from Moss.」

「How’s the situation?」

「Velgrind-sama has started a combat with Velzard-sama.

Both in Dragon Mode, it seems to be a real fight.

Kufufufufu. Like this, even for someone like me, it’s a dangerous situation.」

I see, a full power battle, wasn’t it.

That’s extremely dangerous. A wise man stays away from danger.

As for Guy and Chloe, they would be able to continue their act safely while leaving the combat area skillfully.

「Alright, then continue the observation.」

「As you wished.」

《Then, let’s begins the creation of monitoring system that can be used even in『Suspended World』.》

Ah, yes. If it’s possible……

Oh well, if it’s Ciel-sensei, everything was possible.

At that time, situation of various places were once again projected by the surveillance magic, a surprising spectacle was shown.

Dagruel had shown his fangs.

Shion was knocked down by one blow.

Ruminas had recovered, but if things keep going as it is, defeat is clear.

I stood up hurriedly but,

《There’s no problem. Please do not interfere.》

I was calmed down by Ciel’s calm voice.

Certainly.

My friend whom I trusted the most, I remembered to turn to her for assistance.

On a closer look, she seemed to have done something secretly as I didn’t notice.

「But, will it be really all right?」

《It will be all right…… (probably) ――》

My friend whom I trusted the most.

It seems the confidence from Ciel-sensei was also tremendous. ‘Probably’, I felt that this was the first time I heard this word from her.

Even while being uneasy for some reason, I canceled my urge to go to help for a moment.

Until Velda is caught, it will be useless if I didn’t hide myself.

Besides, if it’s not in stopped world, even in the worst case, I could go to help with transfer.

I decided that I would wait here and believe in them.

「In the worst case, Diablo, you will go to help her.」

「Please leave it to me. However, I think that would be unnecessary.」

I hoped so.

While worrying, I gazed at the projected scene.





Chapter 216: Vs Dagruel Part 5


‘This might be impossible――’

That’s the honest impression of the Demon Lord Ruminas Valentine.

Her plan was to kill Dagruel using her strongest technique in the first attack, but it had no effect.

With Death’s Blessing, the life and death reversing technique, Dagruel should have died.

However, the result was that the instant death effect was nullified, and Ruminas’ secret technique was defeated.

At that time, Ruminas was able to partly foresee that thing would proceed this way.

The one on one fight between Albert and Grasword continued.

Both of them didn’t even take a step back, it seemingly an even fight. However, when the fight between the two was observed with Ultimate Skill『Lustful Lord Asmosdeus』, the situation shows a different outlook.

Against Grasword who’s a mass of energy, Albert was distributing energy into every important point of his body.

The decrease of their vitality was insignificant, but the difference in the aggregate amount gave hint of the outcome of the battle.

In other words, before Albert finished to cut down Grasword, the outcome will be decided.

Albert’s defeat, that was the situation would be.

However, no one could criticize Albert. Rather, with his wonderful skill, he was fighting evenly against the sword king.

If the difference of the energy was not taken into consideration and only the sword techniques matters, it can be said that Alberto’s superior.

However, even so, the situation didn’t change.

The way things are going right now, Albert’s defeat was just a matter of time.

On the other side, the battle between Adalman and Fenn also growing intense.

The young man with black hair who wears the jet black colored priest clothes against the skinny, small giant who wielding Gleipnir.

Adalman had possessed and combined with the Death Dragon Wenti, and his energy has increased greatly.

However, even so, the difference was obvious as Fenn who is in front of Adalman can rival a True Dragon.

For Ruminas who can see vitality in numerical form, the differences were despair inducing.

Against Fenn who’s called both the Fighting God and Fist God, for Adalman to be able to survive this far was a miracle.

In the flurry of throwing, punching, and joint locks, it was obvious that physical strike was the main constituent.

Joint locks were meaningless, since for a spiritual life form, physical damage would completely recovered in an instant.

He just barely able to modify the technique to perform a throwing technique to deal and blow away the opponent. However, in the end, that technique was for defending, Adalman couldn’t expect Fenn to be damaged by the throw.

In other words, he just stalling for time.

After Adalman understands his own disadvantage, he was fighting with the objective of exhausting the enemy by a long period of combat and not aiming for victory.

However even so, he was concentrating so hard like he was treading on thin ice.

In Ruminas’ sight, she could see Adalman’s appearance who ward off Fenn’s attack by casting away all of his defense and manipulated his energy to concentrated on a point.

In order to cover the difference of the energy density, Adalman was fighting by concentrating all of his power on one point.

It was already such ability that could be called as a miracle.

However, it won’t continue more longer, Ruminas thought that it wouldn’t take a long time for Adalman to lose.

And then, Shion.

The woman who fighting against Dagruel and standing up many times in front of him.

Her appearance reminded Ruminas of the Hero Chloe who saved her in the past.

Blood flows out from her head without any sign of stopping. Even the wound in her whole body, bore new wounds after recovering.

Shion’s attack couldn’t touch Dagruel, she was mortally injured due to Dagruel’s counterattack.

Even so, Shion stood up, she kept challenging Dagruel over and over.

「Ah, Nee-san! Please stop it already!」

「Shion-sama! You can’t win against our pops――」

「It, it’s dangerous. As it is right now, Shion-sama will……」

Even Dagruel’s sons were flustered at first.

However, would they broke through their hesitation mid-battle and,

「Uooooooooo! Pops!! We will be your opponents!」

「There’s no other way. I’m prepared for it!」

「I’ll do it! And then, I’ll get praised!」

Exactly as stated in their determination, they went to face Dagruel.

And right now, they were barely alive bearing serious injury, lying on the ground while being powerless to stand up.

Those three were strong as majins. That’s why they were alive.

However, that’s all. In front of Dagruel’s absolute strength, it was all useless.

(This is impossible right. There’s no reason that we can win. Even I only able to go this far huh―)

To Ruminas’s ear who reached the stage of resignation partly,

「Princess, the preparation for the retreat was complete ――」

Such whispered voice was heard.

The “Seven Celestial Sages” who command the raid seems to have advanced the preparation for a concealed transfer secretly.

They have judged that there’s no chance for victory in this war and likely to have made their safety a priority.

Certainly――

That’s right, certainly, if she was the Ruminas from before, she would withdrew without any hesitation.

Such thing as going to war with no chance of winning was nonsense.

The country can be rebuild, it wasn’t something she need to be concerned with.

Ruminas and her kin has eternal life, there’s no reason for them to fight betting their life on it.

However ――

(Will I be really fine? Will it be a correct action for me to withdraw from this place?)

Ruminas hesitated.

Shion was barely being able to stand up because Ruminas’ support.

She used an ability increasing skill, so even a near death serious injury would recover immediately......

Improving Shion’s regeneration power to the utmost limit was also one of Ruminas’ ability.

If Ruminas withdrew now, it meant Shion would die immediately.

(Abandoning the front and running away alone by myself? Such a thing, such an ungraceful action, I’ll never accept it!

I’m the proud “Queen of Nightmare”, you know!!)

And so, Ruminas steeled herself.

「I won’t. I won’t retreat. If by any chance I get killed here, go select the next master from the seven lords.

I’m one of the proud Octagram.

Such thing as running away ungracefully is not fitting for me. Don’t you think so?」

She said so and sprouted a beautiful smile.

An alluring smile which didn’t suit the face of a young girl.

The “Seven Celestial Sages” who heard it have their eyes wide opened with surprise instantly.

Their master who attached so much importance to life, surprised them with such boast.

However ――at the same time, they were deeply aware.

That’s right, it didn’t suit Demon Lord Ruminas Valentine who called as the Queen of the Night to be running away.

Because she’s the vampire princess who always acted gracefully and reigned nobly.

「I’ll not obey such order.」

「Yes.」

「At the time of your ruin, we’ll also follow.」

The “Seven Celestial Sages” disobeyed Ruminas’ order for the first time.

Although she was surprised by it, it wasn’t unpleasant feelings which perplexed Ruminas.

Far from it, it was instead pleasant feelings.

「Fuu, you fools. Then, strengthen the barrier quickly! Hurry up, you blockheads!!」

Ruminas cheerfully ordered them.

『As your will! Then, the city defense will――』

「I see. Change the barrier’s attribute using the Holy Demonic Inversion technique.

Don’t allow those angels invading the Holy City! As long as we buys some time, Demon Lord Rimuru will send reinforcement!」

「――Princess, do you believe in Demon Lord Rimuru……?」

「Humph! I don’t believe in him. However――

There are people who believe in their master while fighting. Don’t you think that the act is worth believing in?」

As she said so, the “Seven Celestial Sages” shifted their focus on the battlefield.

How the Demon Lord Rimuru’s subordinates were fighting couldn't be assessed as just stalling for time.

In this situation, even they’re betting their life to buy time, despite it practically having no meaning at all.

It may be reasonable for their own country, but they had devoted their own life in order to defend the territory of an allied country.

Their action was a strong proof of them believing that their master would never abandon them.

「Indeed…… ‘Believing’――Such word, we have forgot about it for a long time.」

「Well then, we will start the strategy.」

「May fortune with you, Princess!」

Bowing all together, the “Seven Celestial Sages” left.

‘Will it be really alright?’ so Ruminas hesitated.

But, she didn’t regret.

In front of her, Shion stood up once more.

No matter how she was wounded, she rises up many times.

‘That’s right, I, I should do the only thing I can do!’ and so, at the moment Ruminas tried to support Shion again――

「Good grief, I have become the opponent because I feel the sign of awakening, but it’s disappointing.

Or…… because there’s a person who defends you, you can be at ease?

If that’s the case, first I’ll deal with your recovery means. That way, you might grow a bit.」

She heard Dagruel’s muttering voice.

It took a moment for her to realize the meaning of it.

「St, stop it!」

Shion shouted in panic, but she received Dagruel’s blow and became silent.

She didn’t seem to be dead, but it was very unlikely for her to move.

Glancing at her, Dagruel turned around and began to walk towards Ruminas.

Ruminas prepared herself.

「Very well, Dagruel. I shall become your next opponent!」

Ruminas put herself on guard towards Dagruel.

The words she said for herself, she felt funny in her mind.

Far from being an opponent, to Dagruel someone like Ruminas was equal to garbage, so she thought.

「Fumu. As expected, Ruminas. The pride of a Demon Lord is not just for show heh.」

To Dagruel’s words, she laughed thinly.

Such thing as pride, she didn’t think about it at all. However, Ruminas just thought that she didn’t want to betray Shion.

(It’s strange. Unlike with Chloe, I haven’t associate with her for a long time.

Fighting against Dagruel even though there’s no chance for me to win.

Why didn’t I run away?

――Did I also believe? That someone would come to help.

Such thing, such convenient thing, would not happen.)

She pondered and understood.

Suddenly, the image of that selfish and carefree black dragon crossed in her mind.

A smile floats naturally on her mouth.

Her appearance make Dagruel felt strange, but he ignored it without saying anything ――

「Well then, HERE I GO!」

At the same time as him shouting, his fist was thrust out towards Ruminas.

Her soul was frozen in fear. However, Ruminas didn’t run away.

Evasion was impossible.

Recognized that, Ruminas mocked herself.

(――it’s so different. Struggling till the end. I’m like a different person……)

But, there was no dissatisfaction, instead, she puffed her chest proudly.

At least at the end she has her pride as a Demon Lord, and she can boast as she challenged a strong person without running away.

At least, in her final moments, with her hand, that hateful arrogant evil dragon――

Ruminas’ mind then stopped for a moment.

It occurred immediately before Dagruel’s fist reached Ruminas.

The time had stopped because of Velzard.

Right now, currently.

Something happened before Dagruel’s fist reach Ruminas.

――The powerful fist in front of her eyes.

And then, a palm of someone with tanned skin received it.

Dagruel’s attack which had an overwhelming power was obstructed by a man who suddenly appeared in front of Ruminas.

Then,

「Kuahahaha! I, have arrived[1]!」

While laughing loudly, the man shouted in loud voice.

However, time was currently stopped, the man’s voice didn’t reach anyone.

With the exception of Dagruel.

No, it reached Ruminas actually.

(Did he come here!!?)

However, Ruminas was conscious but her body can’t move.

In such confusing situation, Veldora’s voice reached Ruminas――

(What’s this, I can’t speak!? Has time stopped......? But who did it?)

She was flustered because she shouted instinctively, but Ruminas noticed that she couldn’t speak.

And so, trying to grasp the situation, finally she realized that currently the world’s movement had stopped.

(What a carefree guy! Even when the world stopped, for him to be able to move like it’s natural――)

It was surprising as Ruminas continuously thought.

At the same time, it became very ridiculous. The tension that strained her before death had loosened, she felt a sense of relief filled her heart for some reason.

(Impossible. For me to feel relieved just because Veldora have came――that can’t be possible!)

She threw away such feelings which crossed in her mind and focus on the current situation.

There was no light, she couldn’t understand anything inside the stopped world.

However, Ruminas’ super perception began to perceive the situation faintly.

Only Veldora and Dagruel who calmly moving.

She listened carefully to the conversation of those two,

「What…. the…!? Even though I have make my entrance coolly with a lot of trouble….. for the world to be stopped?!」

「Oh, it’s Veldora. It was a miraculous timing, but you have my condolences.

Even though I said that, I’m not the one who do it, okay?」

「Unuuu, I know. The one who can do thing like this is probably my aneue[2].

As for the length, enough to stop time for two seconds, that person has the useless habit of stopping time for a long time.」

「Oh well, there’s no meaning to stop time for a long time. If there’s someone else who can move inside the stopped world, stopping time doesn’t have any meaning.」

「That’s right. I have advised her several times, but she doesn’t listen to me. Oh well, it’s fine as I don’t really care anyway. She messed around such as stopping time when it was punishment time…… oh well, forget it.

There’s another thing to discus――」

「Uh, what?」

「Umu. To match the timing when the time moving again, I want to redo my arrival.

So, as I decided to be cool, it’s necessary to make Ruminas impressed you know」

「……can I hear the reason?」

「Kuahahahaha! What, it’s simple y’know. I till now have done various thing

Therefore, Ruminas considerably resents me.

If I make her indebted to me while displaying how cool I’m, she would forget everything, that’s the plan.

Kukukuku. For that reason, I was hiding myself from sight.

I don’t know when you might go berserk so I was a bit worried here.

Yet…..

Even though I had made my entry so cool with a lot of trouble, it was ruined because of my aneue.

That’s the reason. Can I ask you for that?」

‘Haaーーーー’, Ruminas seemed to hear Dagruel’s tired sigh.

And then, Ruminas also felt the same.

(This rotten lizard, I’ll strangle him later!)

Ruminas raged with her face turning red.

If she could move now, she’d gifted him a kick without a doubt.

‘Perhaps, I’d be able to move because of anger?’ Thinking so, she hated Veldora’s attitude.

Veldora didn’t think that Ruminas can hear him in the stopped world, she deemed it to be his carelessness.

“I’ll teach him a lesson without fail later!” Ruminas sworn so in her mind.

At the time when Dagruel about to answer Veldora’s offer, there was a person who tried to stand up with a staggering movement.

It was Shion.

Her eyes were bloodshot, the open wounds on her whole body haven’t recovered.

However, it was strange that no blood flowing out.

While cladding in a strange atmosphere, Shion completely stood up.

‘Hm?’ so Dagruel gazed at her,

「Shion, huh. You were able to move even in the stopped world……?

Hm,『Envy』seems to have disappear. This is, I see――」

Veldora noticed something and stopped talking.

Then as if to interrupted his word,

「――Ve, Veldora-sama….. th, that person… is my prey. Wo, would you hand over him to me?」

Shion asked Veldora while panting, using her sword as a cane to stand.

Veldora looked at her while squinting his eyes,

「I see, very well. I will lend you a bit of my power. Fight well to your heart’s content,!」

He responded so.

「Th, thank you very much――」

Shion seemed ready to fall, so Veldora supported her.

And, from where Veldora touched Shion, his energy flowed.

「Hu! Although I had said that I would lend it to you, there is no fragment of restraint from you eh. (Perhaps, I should collect it later from Rimuru ……)」

Veldora grumbled, looking worn out while Shion’s complexion improved fast.

The wounds on her body healed, even her clothes, before anyone aware, had become as good as new.

Dagruel raised one of his brow tolerating it, standing silently waiting for Shion’s preparation to complete.

Then――

《Individual: Shion undergo ability evolution, Ultimate Skill『Tyrannous Lord Susanoo』was acquired.》

Unchanged by even the stopped world, “The Voice of the World” was heard.

It was the moment when Shion had awoken ultimate power.

「I have kept you waiting. However, as you hoped for, I shall give you some amusement.」

「Fumu. Well then, I shall accept your offer.」

The two nod to the other gladly and once again confront each other.

In the stopped world where it was difficult to perceive the opponent’s presence, the fight between Shion and Dagruel begun.

Meanwhile――

(By any chance, is my turn only……)

Veldora was anxious about such thing, there was no one who noticed it.

* * *

[1] Momotaros’ reference. Den-O

[2] Elder sister (formal).





Chapter 217: Vs Dagruel Part 6


Shion's innermost thoughts were swirling in fury.

She was angry at having been toyed with by Dagruel, as though she stood no chance whatsoever.

Her rage, as she watched her Elite Guard fall one after another

Her feelings of powerlessness and dismay, and her yearning towards the strong— she acknowledges all of these emotions, except envy which has swelled up, and restrains her remaining emotions.

This was unlike her past rampaging self, who simply faced her opposition with all her hatred, seeing them only as her enemy, she was now observing with her soul.

Is it good or is it bad. That itself, is not the point.

What really important is whether she can suppress it or not.

These swirling emotions within her, were but a hindrance to Shion.

But, the thorn of envy which was supposed to have disappeared, interferes with her thoughts regardless, as though stabbing at her heart.

Shion has always thought of being the number one most important existence to Demon Lord Rimuru. But, that is simply self conceit. But it was also because she understood this emotion all too well, that it was so difficult to extinguish her envy towards other beings that were stronger than herself or showed greater promise.

But even so――

Shion has put into practice, the act of accepting things for what they are.

As per Rimuru's words, it is the concept of seeing the true nature of everything with your soul.

As a result, though it didn't cause any drastic changes, Shion's true nature underwent a placid change.

She now fully understands her own strength that is not swayed by her emotions, her own true worth.

With the exception of the thorn of envy, all of Shion's remaining thoughts are now clearly unified.

It was a mental change, not a physical one.

Shion's evolution was occurring in a manner not visible to others.

The battle with Dagruel began.

Her soul understood right after that. Just how unfathomable and overpowering Dagruel really was.

When they first met she never did notice, that hidden under his unassuming appearance, lied a furious raging soul.

It can also be said, that seeing her ideal, the ultimate complete form that she pursued, gave Shion the shivers.

If she was to think about it calmly, the fact that the difference in power between herself and Dagruel was decisive, it was all too obvious that this wasn't a matter where she was able to stand against him or not.

But, even so.

The word "retreat" does not exist in Shion's dictionary.

Rimuru's strategy is flawless. That is how it must be.

What that means, is that so long as there are no further orders, she has no reason to fall back. That, was what Shion thought.

Purely believing in Rimuru, following her orders to the letter.

In a sense, one could say she has stopped thinking. But, to Shion, Rimuru's orders are absolute and is the only thing that mattered to her.

(That Person, won't blindly give orders without some form of insurance elsewhere. Then, until further orders are given, all I need is to do what I was ordered to.)

This was why, Shion shows no fear in the face of death, and holds the lines with the resolve of not retreating.

Ruminas' cooperation was mostly unexpected.

The prideful vampire princess, vehemently hated putting herself at risk.

With as much wisdom she had, she more than understood how impossible victory is at this point.

Shion thought, that Ruminas should have already fled from this battlefield, if she already knew that much.

(This is really unexpected. If I was alone, I should have been taken out of the picture long ago.

Demon Lord Ruminas, is my impression of her mistaken...

Hmm, maybe that's also――)

Such idle thoughts surfaced briefly, but Shion quickly shoved that to the back of her head.

Shion doesn't have the elbowroom for such thoughts, she fully understood that.

At any rate, now that she has crossed swords with him, she could tell, that Dagruel still has something up his sleeves.

If he were to really get serious, she would be swallowed up by that power all too easily, that was what it felt like to Shion.

If so, her objective would be to resist as much as she possibly could, so as to properly understand the true essence of that power.

With that firm resolve, Shion has continuously took to the challenge in an almost reckless manner.

Against Dagruel, whose essence was similar to her own.

Shion brandishes her blade, to carve into her own soul the form she pursues, which she sees in Dagruel.

And so, the cycle repeats as Ruminas revives her――

――The World’s Time stopped――

Before Shion's consciousness, lied a world without color.

“Not yet! It's not over yet!!”

She tried to open her mouth with the intention to roar out as such, but Shion's body showed no response.

Her body was stopped where she was, unable to stand up. Rather, she was unable to even open her mouth.

As this happened, the thorn of『Envy』which has been a nuisance to Shion's emotions for the longest time, the root that was lodged in her Core (heart) which caused all her emotional problems, it felt as though it just went and disappeared.

As the same time, "White Frost Dragon" Velzard awakened the Ultimate Skill『Envious Lord Leviathan』, but this was not something Shion knows of, and it wasn't something she would care about either.

The important thing, was that the emotion that was hindering her is gone now, that was all.

(As expected of Rimuru-sama. To have even foresaw this happening!)

This was but Shion jumping to conclusions, but it was the truth to Shion.

Elation and yearning filled Shion's heart, and what felt like an unbelievable amount of power welled out from within.

Pure unbridled violence.

The power to destroy.

Irrelevant to good and evil, the Tyrant's Power.

《Individual: Shion undergo ability evolution, Ultimate Skill『Tyrannous Lord Susanoo』was acquired.》

The voice of the world resounded.

Shortly after, Shion's consciousness returned.

She was in the colorless world still, but she has no problems with her cognizance.

In place of sound, an individual's will is transmitted directly. Which meant, that words are not needed.

In this Frozen World, which is governed by its own set of special "rules", Shion started to adapt immediately.

Ultimate Skill『Tyrannous Lord Susanoo』, made that possible.

The foundations of her skill evolution were more than sufficient.

(Much appreciated, Rimuru-sama!)

That, was Ciel's handiwork, with her foresight of Shion's evolution.

Even though she has only just obtained Ultimate Skill『Tyrannous Lord Susanoo』, it easily became fully optimized, and was "fitted" onto Shion.

For Shion who has constantly been evolving her mental state, controlling this boisterous energy was all too easy.

In fact, it was because this was possible, that she awakened to this ability.

Mind over body.

Thus, with the evolution of her mind, it also triggered Shion's racial awakening.

She is now a Combat Spirit Oni (High Rank Divine Monster Spirit), a being which specializes in physical combat.

A spiritual entity that can infinitely regenerate its physical body. But, has attacks that are capable of destroying the opposition's soul.

Shion has evolved into what can be called the Natural Enemy of Spiritual Lifeforms (Energy Creature)[1].

She makes use of the Energy borrowed from Veldora, to compensate for what she could not make up for herself.

And, once again.... , Shion recreates her own body. Into a body that is optimized and purely made for combat.

She notices at this moment, that she has been unconsciously borrowing power from Veldora.

Her consciousness which felt like it was mostly instinctual and roaming within a fog, now felt refreshed as though under a clear blue sky.

Shion has now fully awakened.

Shion takes her stance, with her beloved katana "True: Hercules’ Edge[2]".

「I have kept you waiting. However, as you hoped for, I shall give you some amusement.」

She speaks to Dagruel, in a polite manner.

In this Frozen World, Dagruel and Shion's true battle begins.

A flash of blades crossing.

That was but a metaphor, as such phenomena do not happen in this world without light.

But, this was the only appropriate way to describe what was happening, as Shion's swings assault Dagruel.

Hardening his body beyond the hardness of diamonds, Dagruel receives the attack with his two arms.

But, due to taking the impact from the katana swung from an overhead stance, both of Dagruel's knees sunk into the ground.

Dagruel opened his eyes wide.

In this Stopped World, the air won’t get vibrated.

As there is no medium now, energy transmissions do not happen.

It is now a situation where one would need to push their way through the molecules with their own bodies.

Which also meant, it is also impossible to gain momentum from kicking off the ground. Impacts generated by the force directly dig into the earth, which results in what just happened to Dagruel at this moment.

The laws of physics do not apply in this Frozen World.

As for the laws of magic, it is impossible to activate almost every known type.

It's obvious, that combat in such special circumstances will differ from the norm.

Dagruel clicks his tongue, releasing excessive amounts of his power, and pushed back Shion's katana. Inversely, this time it was Shion whose legs were caught in the ground.

The two continued exchanges between blade and fist, and slowly both sides naturally grasped the nature of how combat flows.

Dagruel followed his instincts, while Shion learnt from the situations that happened.

The battle intensified.

It wasn't just the appearance that looked intense, the invisible battle between abilities was taken into account too.

Dagruel, had no Ultimate Skill of his own.

His existence alone can be called "Ultimate", as a being who is almost equal to the True Dragons.

His fists alone could cause destruction on levels that warp the laws of physics, the special vibrations caused would interfere with the earth and the atmosphere, resulting in storms of destruction.

But, even such special powers, held no meaning in this Frozen World.

「Shion, I have no clue how long that sister of mine is going to stop time.

What's definite, is that your chance at victory is only possible within this Frozen World, that alone.

When time flows, Dagruel's powers will come into effect. Keep that in mind.」

Veldora's words, were delivered telepathically to Shion.

「My gratitude for the advice. Veldora-sama.」

Shion gave her thanks, but in truth she did not understand the real meaning of those words.

But, on a instinctual level she recognized the danger.

As of now, the destructive vibrations in Dagruel's fists, only affect the area that it hits. That was the reason how Shion is battling on equal footing with Dagruel, as she is responding on that assumption.

But, it was very likely what Veldora's words meant, was that Dagruel's attacks are able to connect in a wider area when time is not stopped, that much can be assumed.

This wasn't anything conclusive unless she took a hit for confirmation, but the danger wasn't hard to imagine.

That's not something anybody would want to test out.

With the intent of a short decisive battle, Shion increased her swinging speed one more level.

Dagruel with his hardened body, repels Shion's katana with his bare hands.

「Hou, having exchanged this many blows with me, not even a chip on that blade.」

Conversely, Dagruel commended Shion's katana which was unblemished.

His praise was not empty, and Shion also felt that he meant what he said.

「Naturally. This beloved katana of mine, was given to me from Rimuru-sama.

I pour my heart and soul into it every day, you can call it another part of my body at this point.」

Just as Shion said, she polishes her katana daily, and it has become accustomed to her aura.

Calling it a part of her body is no exaggeration, as "True: Hercules’ Edge" also evolved into the God class together with Shion's evolution.

It was because of this that it is immune to Dagruel's Weapon Destruction ability, but this should be called good luck for Shion.

And, what was really lucky, would be the similitude of their abilities.

Shion's ability, which could be called the natural enemy of spiritual entities, Minus Break.

Activating the effects through her normal attacks with her katana, she plunders the target's Energy. The effect activates even if the attack is blocked.

In addition, along with the fact that she is capable of converting the energy borrowed from Veldora into her own, she is able to make use of any energy that is plundered.

Though she has an upper limit to her own Energy, she can just use her opponent's Energy to cover for her own losses.

It can be said this ability further exemplified Shion's immortal status.

And finally, as per the name of the Tyrant, being able to control any kind of riotous Energy, is what should be said to be the true worth of Shion's ability.

For Shion to be able to even properly exist before a being such as Dagruel who is a mass of Energy, is precisely thanks to the abilities of the awakened『Tyrannous Lord Susanoo』.

In comparison, Dagruel's very existence is a supernatural phenomena.

Hardened Defense・Weapon Destruction・Existence Destruction・Magic Immunity・Neutralize Attribute・Ignore Defense――

These, are but some of the abilities he wield as an Ultimate Living Being.

Under normal circumstances, engaging in melee combat with Dagruel is utterly suicidal.

Transcending physical and magical elements, an existance likened to a God of Destruction. That, was Dagruel.

But, the ability『Tyrannous Lord Susanoo』that Shion awakened to, gave Shion the means to stand against Dagruel.

Which meant, the ability is capable of something similar(to Dagruel).

The ability of Unique Skill『Cook』, to "bring a desired result of the user" has evolved――into complete manipulation over the law of causality

This isn't something on the level of Majin Laplace's『Future Vision』, it is an Absolute ability.

It is not prediction, but purposefully causing a result that is intended.

Before Shion evolved, her being able to move when time was stopped, was due to the effects of her Unique Skill『Cook』.

Being able to control the law of causality, meant becoming unrivaled, in a world where time is stopped.

All cause and effect, so long as they are in a world where time does not flow, Shion's will is given the highest priority in such a world.

「――how unbelievable.... For her abilities to be above mine――」

In terms of Max Energy, Dagruel had many more times the amount Shoin had, but Shion was able to stand toe to toe against him because of that fact.

However, even with Shion's new abilities, it is impossible for her to overpower Dagruel.

That, was proof of the similitude between Shion and Dagruel.

If you were to compare their abilities, Shion is superior. But, the two of them are on par with each other if you take the overall power into account.

After a number more exchanges, Dagruel noticed this.

His face turned bitter, as he glared at Shion.

Dagruel has noticed, that his abilities were being nullified. That, was caused by an ability that was similar to Dagruel's true nature.

Which was why they rejected each other, and both sides were nullified.

In this『Suspended World』where all forms of disaster causing supernatural powers are sealed, Shion and Dagruel lacked the power to deal a decisive blow to either side and were locked in an unending brawl.

Attacks which were supposed to ignore defense and cause damage, were being completely evaded so fatal damage is avoided.

Both sides nullified the opposition's attacks, and simply consumed their Energy.

If this went on, in this Frozen World, it looked like a scene which would make one think of a never-ending battle.

But that balance, would be broken in a single moment.

That's right, time started moving once more.

At that exact moment, Dagruel became certain of his victory.

His superpowers which were sealed are now released. What that implied, was that he is now able to unleash those superpowers which gave him the nickname "Earthquake".

Dagruel, releases a massive all range attack onto Shion.

They were equal in the Stopped World due to her abilities, but things are different now that the laws of physics are back in motion.

The number of rules to control exponentially increased, which created many more results from cause and effect.

Complete predictions, and phenomena control has become more difficult to accomplish. That was already a feat, when the opponent was on equal footing.

As per Veldora's warning, Shion's only chance at victory was while the Stopped World was in effect.

The ground quaked, with tremors that made standing up nigh impossible. At the same time, the atmosphere roared as it twisted, and lightning crackled.

All of that, culminated into the attack onto Shion, assaulting her all at once.

With the effect of the absolute ability of Ignore Defense attached, all for the express purpose of taking Shion's life――

Even with Ultimate Skill『Tyrannous Lord Susanoo』, nullifying all of that was impossible.

(The overwhelming difference in Energy, is the biggest wall between you(Shion) and me!)

Dagruel's inner exclamation, did not reach Shion.

All of the attacks had the intent to take the target's life.

And so, Dagruel who had total confidence in his victory――

「Chaotic Fate!![3]」

Opened his eyes in disbelief.

Shion, has moved in for the counterattack.

Shion understood that she was unable to totally defend against the attack, so she discarded defense, and put in everything she had into offence.

(The fool! Do you intend to perish!?)

Toward the blade which was swinging upwards in his direction, Dagruel extended his left hand out to nullify it ―― only to show confusion when that very blade disappeared.

Right after, the burning sensation of pain ―― pain, which he has not felt in a few millennia ―― reached his brain.

Shion's finishing attack slipped through Dagruel's cognizance, and reached his body.

However――

Shion's body too, took the full brunt of the multitude of attacks that were born from Dagruel's superpowers.

Even if Shion's body had gone through evolution, this attack was fatal ―― or, should have been.

「Re:Birth (Resurrection)!!」

A chilling voice, reverberated across the battlefield.

Shion who was doomed to perish, was brought back from the abyss of death, by Demon Lord Ruminas' Ultimate Skill『Lustful Lord Asmodeus』.

If time is flowing, that means support from Ruminas can be counted on too. With that reasoning, it was Shion's strategic victory.

Shion placed her bet on Ruminas reviving her and not retreating.

「Fufufu, thank you very much, Demon Lord Ruminas.」

「You blockhead.... You totally anticipated me giving a helping hand didn't you?」

「Of course, I believed in you. Demon Lord Ruminas.」

「Just call me Ruminas. I too, shall address you as Shion from today onwards. Any complaints?」

「No.... Not at all, Ruminas. I too, shall think of you as a friend from today onwards.」

「Fuhn! Do as you like![4]」

Ruminas' face was flushed scarlet, even though she said that. The same can be said for Shion――

When their two faces met, both averted away as though embarrassed.

The battlefield's tension in their vicinity loosened.

The fighting was still ongoing at the other locations, but with the fall of the head of one side, it affected the morale of both sides in no time at all.

Anxiety could be seen in the Giant Army, which resulted in the defense forces gaining the upper hand.

The one on one battles between Grasword and Albert, Fenn and Adalman restarted, but the giant side lost much of their earlier momentum.

The defeat of their elder brother, has probably affected the both of them too.

And amongst all of that,

「Kuaーーーhahhahhah!」

A certain someone not reading the mood laughed.

It was Veldora.

「Well done! You did splendidly, Shion. Well done indeed. You went above and beyond what I have predicted!」

Veldora laughed pleasantly.

Ruminas glared at the laughing Veldora,

「What, you were around? You stupid Lizard (Evil Dragon)[5]!

And spat her piece.

Veldora was spooked for a moment, he then puffed up his chest as he pulled himself together.

「Of course I am, I was worried for the whole lot of you, so I was watching over everyone!」

He said that as though he wanted to be thanked for it, but there was no change in Ruminas' icy cold attitude to him.

But, it was the truth that he did help out albeit in the shadows.

Fact was, while the『Suspended World』was in effect, the being(s) that were responsible for suppressing Grasword and Fenn ―― his clone that was in charge of Fenn sent out distress calls multiple times, but they were ignored. At that time, much of his Energy was being "borrowed" by Shion, so he didn't have much to spare ―― were none other than Veldora's Parallel Existences.

Despite that, it's not like he can proudly say that now considering the current mood, so Veldora was at a loss for words.

He broke out in cold sweat, before Ruminas' devilish heterochromia gold and silver eyes, words were unable to exit from his mouth.

(Gu, gunuuu.... Why, am I being treated like a villian――)

You couldn't really blame him for getting slightly teary eyed.

「So, what have you come here for? Everything is more or less wrapped up.」

To Ruminas' cold words, Veldora felt like running away.

But, the one who saves Veldora from his predicament, was Dagruel who should have been defeated by Shion.

「Fu,fuhahahahahaha! It has been quite the few millennia, since my knees have made contact with the ground.

More so, the feat of getting blood to flow from me, there have been none except Veldanava himself.

Shion, you, have every right to be proud!」

Dagruel got back up, as he said that.

The blood flowing down from his head, showed no sign of stopping due to the effects of Shion's ability.

Despite that, Dagruel's Aura only increased in vigor.

「Humph. Still standing huh, as expected of Dagruel.

Shion, take a breather where you are.

As I thought, I'm the only one who would be able to be his opponent.」

Veldora advanced, towards where Dagruel was.

And――

「You should revert to your original form. Let us conclude this battle, with everything we got!」

He grandly exclaims.

Dagruel nods,

「Fufufu. Dragon and Titan, let me show you which is greater.

Don't you hold back now, Veldora!

Grasword, Fenn, come to me.

Now is the time, for us to show our real power!!」

He bellows, in response to Veldora.

His body releases an overpowering Aura. In addition to a strange atmosphere.

Utterly oppressed by the pressure, Shion and co. were unable to say anything at all.

Veldora glanced to Shion and co.

「Shion, when the battle begins, you should put everything you have into defense.

Adalman and Albert too, everyone need to pour everything to maintaining the barrier.

Better not lose focus, or all of you will get dragged in and get blown――」

Veldora spoke as though as stating fact, like everything was already decided.

But, to his serious tone, Shion and co, not even Ruminas refuted him.

Veldora continued speaking.

「Dagura, Ryura and Debura ―― Pay attention to what you three are about to witness.

I, am going to kill your father. Watch the battle, and burn everything that happens into your eyes.

What’s about to happen, is a battle of Myths. All of you are witnesses to this battle――」

Veldora subtlety finished speaking.

「「「――h!?」」」

The 3 brothers were dumbfounded unlike their usual selves.

However, they seemed to have understood that something extraordinary is about to happen.

「「「Understood, Veldora-sama!」」」

They nodded in unison, to show their acknowledgment.

With a satisfied look, Veldora turned to face Dagruel.

Over on that side, Dagruel and his brothers have finished their preparations too.

「Seal Open, Trinity (Three in One Body)!!」

With Dagruel's roar, the ancient seal was broken.

The brothers Dagruel, Grasword and Phen, were enveloped in a dazzling light.

This is, the second coming of the Destruction God from the Age of Myths.

Clad in unimaginable amounts of Energy, Ashura[6] of the Titan manifested.

Shion and co. understood immediately in one glance, that Titan is not something any of them can match.

All except the most powerful of beings, a True Dragon, who was before them.

「Kuahahahaha! Is that form are your true visage? Dagruel!

Very well! I shall take you on with everything I have!!」

Veldora transformed into his Dragon Mode.

And so, the battle of Myths, between two supernatural beings begins.

Meanwhile.

(Oh I’m so glad! Here I was worried that I wouldn't get my turn――)

No one would ever guess that this was what Veldora was really thinking of at that moment.

* * *

[1] 精神生命体(エネルギークリーチャー)The author give us how to read the Kanji, the kanji is Seishin Seimeitai, the furigana is Enerugii Kuriichaa. Should I stick with Spiritual Lifeform etc or go with Energy Creature from now?

P.S. I would also changed it from the beginning.

[2] It has kanji of 真 (shin=True) in front of the name.

[3] This also have addition of 真 in the kanji of the attack so 真天地活殺崩誕= True: Apocalypse and Genesis of life and death of universe.

[4] Tsundere vampire…… XD

[5] Oira wa Tokage ja neyo! XD do you guys get it ^_^)/

[6]三面六臂 Sanmenroppi means 3 heads 6 arms, Ashura/Asura.





Chapter 218: Vs Dagruel Part 7


Dagruel, the destruction incarnate and Veldora, the king of the storm.

The similarity of their power was: “lightning”.

Dagruel with his own transcendence ability could freely manipulate the electric tension between the ground and the atmosphere.

Therefore, he could use various attacks with lightning which was the strongest offensive power that the mother nature had. However, Veldora was the same.

Veldora could circulate his own energy and naturally generate lightning.

So, both of them have high lightning resistance. Hence, using lighting strike against each other was insignificant.

Although it wasn’t effective, both of them converted their fighting aura into lightning and fired it against each other.

The result, energy with different natures colliding with each other became a pillar of lighting which flooded the surrounding area.

Dagruel freely manipulated the vibration wave.

If the earth was vibrated, earthquake occurred, if the atmosphere was vibrated, electrical discharge was generated. It was easy to create a vacuum wave when he manipulated the airflow intentionally.

However, it didn’t affect Veldora.

That was a justified matter. After all, Veldora is the incarnation of storm.

Dagruel was well informed about that, there was no need for him to be flustered.

Because both of them were longtime opponents, each of them knew well each other’s character.

However, as his limitation was released and became Trinity, this is the first time Dagruel fought with his original form which was the ‘Battle Form’.

Dagruel was aware that his blood was boiling with excitement.

Now was the time where he’d have a showdown with Veldora who was his longtime fated opponent.

Therefore――

「Fuhahahahaha! As I expected from you, Veldora.

But, I released my true power, I’d be different from before!」

So Dagruel shouted.

Becoming an Ashura, his blind spot has disappeared.

Just like before, magic didn’t affect him.

And――with『Hardening Power』, his body easily surpassed the hardness of diamond, any kind of attacks would be repelled.

For example, even if Dagruel was attacked by a master with the same level as Grasword with a god class weapon, it probably wouldn’t affect him.

To that extent, as the current Dagruel specialized in defensive power.

Invincibility. That was Dagruel’s current state.

「Kuahahahaha! Laughable!」

Veldora laughed down Dagruel’s shout.

And then, he threw Thunderstorm (Lightning Storm Roar) as it was.

The compressed mass of atmosphere draws near Dagruel while releasing electrical discharge.

However, that super-density attack was grabbed by Dagruel with one hand and disappeared.

「It’s useless, Veldora. Didn’t I say that such superficial techniques like this would not affect me.」

Veldora didn’t heed him.

Faster than his main body which shot the Thunderstorm, Veldora’s clone went behind Dagruel’s back.

「The real thing is this! Taste this, Dragon Claw!」

Veldora’s fist, which was thrown at super high speed, was small, unlike the dragon’s large body.

However, the ominous claws that grew on his six fingers possessed『Sundering Power』which could tear apart any kind of material in this world.

Dagurel’s『Hardening Power』and Veldora’s『Sundering Power』collided, resulting in sounds as if the world was creaking.

‘Crash’ ――and so, both have their arm disappeared.

One of Dagruel’s arms which defended against Veldora’s claws disappeared, Veldora’s left hand which accomplished the feat has also disappeared.

It was a draw.

Dagruel still have 5 arms which still intact. Also, the lost arm regenerate in a moment.

The one he was fighting against, Veldora also can produce clones as many as he liked with『Parallel Existence』.

「Tch! As ever, what an absurd strong fellow he’s――」

「The absurd one is you, Veldora. For the current me to be wounded……」

Veldora felt irritated as Dagruel was able to defend from his special attack, likewise Dagruel also felt annoyed as his invincible body was damaged.

Still, both of them were warming up.

Likely enjoying the fight, both of their attacks became more severe.

A half-hearted attack would not affect both of them.

They both knew about this well, but on the other hand they couldn’t bring out a big technique so suddenly.

Since it was not possible to expect the opponent to be careless, it was necessary to made the chance somehow.

“Destruction Deva” and “Storm Dragon”, both were equal.

Like “Kuzushi[1]” in Judo, first of all, securing one's own superiority was important.

It would be sheer stupidity to bring out everything in the beginning of fight.

However ――

Veldora completely disregarded such theory, he began attacking Dagruel at once.

「Kuahahahaha! I’ll keep going! Wing Blade!」

Several of Veldora’s clones approached Dagruel in a super high speed flight.

The wings generated vibration and turned it into a high frequency blade. The vibrations of the 2 pairs of big and small wings created a death end barrier which could tear molecular bond.

Veldora’s large build was covered with death end barrier and became a huge destruction sphere.

Such fiendish destruction sphere was a thing that can only be created by several clones of Veldora.

Everyone attacked Dagruel at the same time.

「Guuh!」

However, Dagruel didn’t panic.

Grasword’s face turned to the front, preparing great swords on both of his hands.

And then, he moved to intercept it while at the same time several of Veldora clones approaching.

The speed of the great sword’s edge which length exceeded 10m easily surpassed the speed of sound.

By each one of Dagruel’s sword flash, the destruction sphere that Veldora’s clones had created was negated.

In other words, that means the clones were destroyed.

Dagrueal didn’t slacken his attacks.

He continued,

「Exploding Chains of the Sealed Destroyer Prison!」

With Fenn’s face facing the front, he tried to capture Veldora using Gleipnir in his hand.

With his『Eyes of Truth』, he discovered the one which have the greatest amount of energy from among the countless clones without any difficulty.

No matter how many Veldora created his clones, it would be useless in front of his『Eyes of Truth』―― or should it have be……

「Unfortunately! That just my clone~!!」

Veldora shouted like making fool of him.

In fact, any individual that get caught by Gleipnir would immediately annihilated and disappear.

Since it was so quick and overdone.

「Ohh…… you, to be able to deceive my eyes…… What kind of trick did you use?」

「Fufufu. Oh Dagruel, even when you unleash your true power, you can’t defeat me.

As there’s no chance for you to win!

Besides, even I have grown stronger. I’d be bothered if you think I’m still the same as the old me!」

Veldora dodged Dagruel’s question.

Properly speaking,『Eyes of Truth』 can’t be deceived.

However, with his『Existence Probability Fluctuation』, it was possible for Veldora to shift himself with his clones momentary.

It was possible by manipulating Parallel Existence and Probability Manipulation at the same time, one of his secret technique.

In addition of those two, it also utilized Space Manipulation or so Rimuru (Ciel) had explained it to him about the ability, but Veldora ignored it.

Even if he didn’t completely understand the fine details, there was no problem because he mastered how to use it instinctively, so Veldora thought.

For such reason, it was true that he can’t give an explanation about it.

On the contrary, in case he understood it, he would be boastfully explaining about it, it could be said that it was good that Veldora didn’t really comprehend it.

Adding another thing for Veldora’s credit, it was not because his comprehensive ability that was lacking, it just that the theory behind it was too difficult.

Even if he was able to understand and mastered it instinctively, it was not possible for him to explain it to other person with words.

Because Dagruel wasn’t expecting Veldora to gave him the answer, he continued his words not caring about it.

「What no chance to win you said? What a nonsense you talked about…… But it seems to be true that you’re different from the old time.

If I can’t see where your main body are, then I shall erase all of your clones at the same time!」

While talking, he created a convenient situation for himself.

It also one of fighting techniques.

Even a strong person of Dagruel’s caliber, wouldn’t ignore such petty tricks

Instead, he thought that obtaining a bit of superiority even by using such petty technique was a big matter.

He calmly activated Space Grasp and the range of his interference wave expanded.

After he confirmed that it wasn’t Veldora’s clone and he wasn’t hiding using『Eyes of Truth』, he cut out the dimension, creating an isolated space.

In this space, there were only Dagruel and Veldora.

Also, all of Veldora’s clones, in order to eliminated them together at the same time.

「Muu!?」

「I got you, Veldora. Eat this! Quasar Break[2]!!」

A great earthquake shook this cut out space.

The inside of the space was filled with super dimensional vibration with Dagruel as its epicenter.

Irreversible, interfering destructive waves were generated and emitting invisible lights. Dagruel consumed 60% of his energy to bring forth absorption light rays.

Dagruel converted his own body into a pseudo-black hole, absorbing and destroying all matters inside the space.

At that time, because of the generated friction which exceeding the isolation space, dazzling light begun to overflow.

No matter what kind of life form, if they receive the interference of this overwhelmingly high energy concentration, it might be impossible for them to preserve their own existence.

Not just disintegrated, they would be swallowed into the black hole and disappear.

However, the majority of the absorbed energy was used by Dagruel to maintained his own existence. It didn’t meant that Dagruel can absorb everything, so as a special attack, it can’t be used continuously.

Dagruel had the conviction on his special attack, and checked the result.

The completely isolated space that Dagruel created closed together when he absorbed the radiated light rays.

However, it seemed that some distortion remained in the dimension, even affecting the real world.

It could be said as a scar of transcendental destruction―― although it would assimilate with the surroundings and returned to normal once time flows.

There should be no one who able to survive that attack……

「Uhhhhhhhh….. tha, that just now is very dangerous you know――」

Dagruel was astonished with his eyes wide opened.

「Im, impossible! You able to survive that!?」

Dagruel shouted due to the rest of the shock.

It was his strongest attack that should eliminate anyone completely.

For Dagruel to be surprised was normal.

In the isolated space, there was no escape. Yet, for Veldora to survive after receiving the direct hit should be impossible.

But, it’s a fact that Veldora survived.

「……Ku, Kuha, Kuahahahaha!

So, something like this isn’t a big deal for me!」

When you observe him carefully, Veldora was not unharmed.

His wings were tattered, and his whole body was injured all over. He just pretended to be okay.

In fact, he was not completely evading the attack just now.

Making good use of Ultimate Skill『Chaotic Lord Nyarlathotep』, Veldora thinned his existence probability to the utmost limit, and was barely able to evade the interference wave of the destructive energy. However, several of the clones failed in evasion, they were all annihilated.

It’s a terrifying technique, and if Veldora was even a bit late, Veldora would be definitely destroyed.

Veldora integrated all of his remaining clones and checked the current situation.

His remaining energy currently was at 50%, he included the amount that was lost to Shion.

(I consumed a lot. However, it’s all according to the calculation!)

Dgaruel and Veldora were almost even.

Veldora had about 30% of his energy taken by Shion before the fight began.

Therefore, to overturn the disadvantageous situation, it was necessary to make Dagruel wasted his.

The current situation of the amount of their remaining energy are, Veldora at 50% against Dagruel with 40%. A reversal.

However, it was good because he succeeded in the gamble, the probability of his survival was very small against the attack.

Veldora gambled that he could evade it with Ultimate Skill『Chaotic Lord Nyarlathotep』.

Veldrora had won the gamble.

…… In the first place, even if he lose the gamble, he act with the prediction that there was no doubt that he could be regenerated by Rimuru.

(If I know that it’s possible for me to regenerate, I’m not going to be scared of any dangerous battle! Kuahahaha!)

Veldora laughed loudly with his true feelings that can’t be let out.

This was exactly the reason why Veldora said Dagruel had no chance to win against him.

「You, do you know? If you make one mistake, you could be annihilated and won’t be able to regenerated!?

Why you don’t focus on defense? Without doing any risky gamble, if you focused yourself on defense with all of your power, you could avoided getting annihilated……

Even I didn’t think that I can deliver the final blow on you who become unable to fight.

Why you need to wager your life for Ruminas and humans!?」

「Humph! That aside, Dagruel.

Why do you need to obey Velda’s order? That person is not my older brother!!」

「――That maybe so.

But, his aura, was without doubt, Veldanava-sama’s.

That’s enough. I lived to serve that Person.」

「Laughable! For you to work hard for an impostor, you’re not worthy of the reputation of Destruction God!」

「Shut up, Veldora! I won’t forgive you if you mocked that Person ,even if you’re His younger brother.」

Dagruel boosted his fighting aura.

Then, he turned small from his about 15m large body in a flash.

Dagruel became around 3m in size. However, lightning flashed from his body, super compressed energy could be felt.

「Mu!?」

「Fuhahahaha. It was you who taught me, Veldora.

When you control your anger, further power can be gained――or so」

Veldora recalled those words.

Come to think of it, he had talked with Dagruel about the knowledge of the holy book (manga).

Just from that bit of information, Dagruel had splendidly sublimated it to actual combat level.

Compressing himself, the density of Dagruel’s energy seemed to be tremendous.

Size is power, but he would be at disadvantage with the way things are going. Veldora realized so.

「Good grief, for you to learn to control that far.

As expected from Dagruel. However, I will not be defeated!」

Veldora also compressed his energy and transformed into human form, as a respond to Dagruel.

The unordinary melee fight begun.

Dagruel’s fist sunk into Veldoro’s abdomen.

At the same time, Veldora’s elbow hit Dagruel’s face.

Their fight lasts several hours, neither of them yielding to the other.

A kick for a kick, a fist for a fist.

Each other’s attacks will be countered with the same attack.

Instead of fighting firmly on the ground, the places of their battle were changing one after another.

From the sky to the ground.

And blowing off the surroundings, to the desert.

And again to the sky high.

Sometimes outside the atmosphere.

For both of them who are masses of energy, the battlefield was same whether they go.

With their own body as the launch pad, they driven super compressed energy to the opponent.

And then, splendidly discharging the received energy out of their body, they prevented fatal injury.

It was important to suppress one’s own energy loss while making the opponent waste theirs.

Each of their attacks intersected, properly speaking with the power of their blow, even high class Majin would be blown into oblivion.

Although they were causing large damage on the surroundings, both of them already stopped caring.

A fierce battle that seemed to last forever.

However ――

Veldora continued to wait for the opportunity.

With his training with Zegion and Ultima, and guidance of the strong people in the Labyrinth.

In addition, his combat experience with Veldrind and Rimuru had made Veldora grew stronger by one level.

Close quarters combat was the best combat technique for Veldora.

「I thought that I was a master, but it seem I still have a long way to go……」

「I’ll say it once again, Dagruel. Stop obeying that impostor.」

「You’re so stubborn, Veldora. My loyalty won’t change even if He died!」

「Is that so…… I’m so disappointed, Dagruel. I shall end you with my strongest secret technique!」

Dagruel tensed to Veldora’s words.

However, it was already too late. Veldora had already completed his preparation.

Veldora activated his ability.

That moment, the surroundings are covered with prismatic darkness[3].

Engulfing a vast area that even covered the region of the death desert of Holy Kingdom Ruberios’ territory.

「Fertile Paradox!!」[4]

Veldora muttered in small voice.

Inside the prismatic darkness, a cruel miracle manifested.

* * *

[1] a Japanese term for unbalancing an opponent in the Japanese martial arts. Making the opponent vulnerable to your counterattack, basically action to make you have the superiority, well I don’t really knowledgeable about judo and so, I can’t really explain it.

[2] The kanji, 時空振滅激神覇 literally means Supreme God/Deity’s Extreme Space-Time Destruction Waves or so.

[3] It’s actually Rainbow colored darkness….. umm I can’t imagine it, comment and I will change it.

[4] 豊穣なる神秘の波動 Mysterious Waves which Brings Good Harvest.





Chapter 219: Vs Dagruel Part 8 -Conclusion-


The fight between Veldora and Dagruel brought tremendous destruction to their surroundings.

There’s a person who thought of this as something unpleasant.

That person is Ruminas.

(Damn! That lizard! He’s really, really urgh!! Why he does take things this far――）

She was raging so much, that her body was shaking and trembling little by little.

While having a hard time of restraining it, Ruminas pondered.

The ground was flooded with pillars of lightning, anyone unfortunate enough to be hit by it would immediately carbonize.

Anyone can see clearly that it just a matter of time before damage befalls the inner city area.

The threefold barrier that protected the Holy City has already unable to perform its task.

The large-scale magic essence warding barrier in the border had vanished due to the shock wave created when Dagruel and Veldora clashed.

It was unable to endure it even for a moment and was blown away, but it had valiantly tried to resist.

The anti-monster attack defense barrier which protected the daily lives around the holy capital was in the similar condition.

After all, as the barrier was set with the purpose of preventing monster attack of a certain level and below, it’d rather harsh to expect it to be able to withstand the attacks of “True Dragon” or “Titan” that can be called super life form.

This also was blown away so quickly.

The only one left was just the Evil Purification barrier.

The people who maintain the barrier raised their angry complaints while crying tears of blood.

If one of them lost their focus, it was certain that the barrier would collapse immediately.

That is without exception the “Seven Celestial Sages” who commanded the barrier maintenance.

In adherence to Ruminas’ order, they risked their lives, doing their best to maintain the barrier.

Luckily they changed the barrier to anti-holy attribute using Holy Demonic Inversion, in order to prevent the angel’s invasion.

Veldora aside, Dagruel’s attribute is『Holy』.

Therefore, they managed to succeed in maintaining the barrier.

In the first place, the barrier purpose was to be anti-Veldora, but it had become useless…..

Ruminas let out a sigh sharply as she was watching the battle unfolding in the sky.

A battle of transcendent ability that exceeded even Ruminas’ imagination.

Of course, even if Ruminas attempted to participate in the battle, it would be suicidal.

Even if she wants to complain, there’s no way to voice it.

Therefore, unable to do anything but watching was her current situation.

And so, the battle grew more intense……

Next to Ruminas is Shion who was enthralled by the battle with intense concentration.

That’s natural so Ruminas thought. After all, such battle of myths like this was something that won’t happen even once in 1000 years.

The battle between strong people, it’s an experience where other people could only do nothing but to see it.

Not to mention, such a battle between transcendents, no one has ever seen.

One more thing, the lump of plasma of Thunderstorm that was repelled by Dagruel, came flying and created a crater as it directly hit the inner city area.

(That damn lizard! Did he intend to destroy my country once more!? He really needs to pay attention to his surroundings!!)

Ruminas thinking about such unreasonable thing.

Although she fully aware that it’s an impossible thing, she couldn’t help but to think so.

And so, in the battle between Veldora and Dagruel, they changed into close combat fight by changing to their human form.

No one able to take their eyes off.

The super-class fight will soon approach its end.

At the same time, Veldora mutters something in a small voice, prismatic darkness was created.

(What is this!?)

It spread at a terrific speed and wrapped up the surroundings――

When Ruminas sensed the danger it’s already too late.

Her panic increased, Ruminas’ defensive barrier has no meaning.

Resistance is meaningless, Ruminas’ thought was swallowed by the prismatic darkness.

One of the seven great nobles that served Ruminas, Archduke Gunther Strauss who is the head, confronted a considerable threat.

He was fighting against one of the Executioners.

Furuki Mai who using the Crescent Bow.

Mai’s outward appearance was of a 16 years old high school student, but her fighting power was beyond description.

Gunther is a True Ancestor Vampire who lived since the ancient times who is called archduke.

He’s a strong person who surpassed a simple Demon Lord.

His ability is equaled to Karion who is a former Demon Lord.

And yet, in front of Mai, all he can do is defend.

The seven great nobles and the subordinates under them were assigned with the role to assault Dagruel’s army from the flank as a mobile army.

However, that strategy was prevented by Mai alone.

Because people other than Gunther had been annihilated by Mai’s Stardust Rain.

The vampire’s super regeneration can’t catch up due to the terrifying meteor arrows.

The only one who barely alive was the other great nobles who was always quarreling with him.

While managing to somehow cooperate, they defended against Mai’s attacks but……

That’s a story from a little while ago.

People who receive the direct hit from the arrow become unable to regenerate, they lost the ability to continue fighting.

Currently, the only one who able to move in this place was only Gunther.

「Ah, you’re so tenacious. It would be better if you fall down quickly, you know?」

「Shut up, you lowly human! I will dig my fangs on your neck, and suck your blood dry!!」

Gunther sustained a decrease in vital activity, which stimulated his survival instinct.

Originally, he has no need to suck blood.

In the old times, vampire act to absorbs mana (vitality) through blood, but after evolved, he able to absorbs mana directly from the prana (spirit)

However, right now, his eye color changed, as he perceived Mai as his prey.

Like a cornered beast, Gunther released all restrictions on his body.

To his pride as an Archduke.

He thought that he must not be defeated by a mere lass, Gunther released the taboo.

Commanding his old blood, Gunther returns to his original appearance.

Magic power runs through his whole body, transforming his body, to regain his form as the Emperor of the Night.

To his past form as a Demon Lord before being a subordinate to Demon Lord Ruminas.

However, even so ――

「So you said? That it would be better if I fall down quickly, and so」

It didn’t reach Mai.

Mai acquired Ultimate Skill『Master Weapon』after obtaining the power of Seraphim, and so she possesses combat power of an Awakened Demon Lord (Million Class)[1].

Even among the Executioners, particularly―― Sword, Shield, and Bow, those three people were the highest among all Yuuki’s subordinates.

Arios who mastered the Bastard Sword.

Zero who is an impregnable wall with his Star Shield.

And, Mai who mastered the Crescent Bow.

Those three people were an exception.

Arios was once defeated by Damrada.

That bitter experience seems to have promoted his growth.

He threw away his self-conceit and became able to proceed through fights calmly without looking down on the enemy.

The current Arios is like a different person.

Zero in a few words was a silent man.

However, he will certainly fulfill his given duties.

From the start, he was a person worthy of special mention of his defensive power with his Unique Skill『Unmovable One』, but after awakened with Star Shield, Zero’s defense was a perfect impregnable wall.

And the last Mai is――

With a flowing movement, she nocks her bow and shot her arrow.

From a single arrow of a shot, it splits into many becoming like meteors.

She is a One-man Army.

Exactly, that title was appropriate for her.

Gunther ungracefully lying on the ground with both of his hands and feet pierced by arrows.

「You lowly human――!!」

An arrow lodged into Gunther’s throat, silencing his shout.

It’s done without any technique.

Mai’s strength was too overwhelming.

「Well now. I need to keep it easy and slowly. I won’t leave anyone who obstructs Yuuki-kun alive.」

Mai indifferently nocks an arrow on her bow.

In order to deal the final blow on Gunther――

「We’ll withdraw, this place is dangerous.」

A gigantic figure appeared and stopped Mai’s movement.

Even while Mai is surprised, she’s relieved as she realizes that she knew the person well.

「Zero, what do you mean?」

「There’s no time to explain it in detail. I felt it was dangerous. Will you understand if I say that?」

Only saying that much, Zero started teleportation magic formula without waiting for Mai’s answer.

「Wai, wait a moment!? Aren’t you the commander in this area? Why you――

Impossible….. you intend to leave behind the angels!?」

To Mai’s astonished voice, Zero didn’t answer.

And then――

「Return!」

Zero teleported, bringing Mai along forcibly.

Gunther’s luck is strong, he had narrowly escaped death.

Thanks due to his loss of consciousness, he didn’t notice anything.

Immediately after that, the surroundings were swallowed by prismatic darkness……

Arnaud who was just fighting with the enemy’s commander was left with surprise.

At first, Arnaud leads the holy knight order to intercept the angel army.

At the same time, the Blood Knight led by the nobles also went to intercept the main force of the angel army.

Although they lose in number, due the attribute inversion of the Evil Purification Barrier, the angel’s invasion was prevented.

If it was to intercept the invasion coming from the barrier’s tear, then their disadvantage in number will be gone.

However, when the commander of the angel army went to the front line, the angel’s movement became quite different.

The angels faithfully obey the commander’s order.

They attack like willing to sacrifice themselves and the tearing of the barrier accelerated.

Among them, there also angel who does suicide bomb attack, so the progress of the battle has deteriorated in an instant.

‘Then, the only way is to defeat the commander!’

The holy knight captains thought so and assault the enemy, but the strategy failed.

That man who calls himself Zero was overwhelmingly strong.

He never attacks at all, but he defended against all of Arnaud’s attack with his huge shield.

Arnaud with his result of training in the labyrinth, his strength is almost one step to Saint class now.

Zero defended against all of Arnaud’s attack as if he can completely see everything.

No, it’s like he can read one or two steps without a doubt.

He was clearly an opponent on a different level.

Zero is fighting against Arnaud while commanding the angels.

Arnaud was enraged as he was being looked down upon, but in the end, he has no choice but to admit Zero’s ability.

Zero resisted all of magics and warded off all sword strikes with his shield.

He was like an immovable mountain.

Even the flash sword Arnaud learned directly from Albert didn’t hit Zero as it was prevented by Zero’s big shield.

Moreover, the shield seems to has effects of『Weapon Destruction』and『Attack Reflection』, Arnaud who one-sidedly attacking would be the one who receives damage.

Just as much as he strengthened the aura cladding his sword, the damage would become larger.

It was still good as the sword itself was okay.

With the way things are going, he would be defeated without being able to do anything ―― Arnaud judged so, he decided for a temporary withdrawal.

When he put out the order, Zero ceased commanding the angels.

Zero leave behind the angels and went somewhere, such sudden action left Arnaud bewildered.

As the commander disappears, the angels stopped moving.

Although they carried out an automatic attack, the angel who lost their commander was just a disorderly crowd.

While being confused unable read Zero’s intention, Arnaud issue order to intercept the angel ――

Arnaud also swallowed by the prismatic darkness.

Without being able to understood what happened, Arno parted with his consciousness.

Veldora standing in the center of the prismatic darkness sphere.

In front of him is Dagruel.

「――you, did you change the world with me as the seedbed?」

「Hmph. Rather than changing, the correct answer would be I return it to its origin.

Because Fertile Paradox actually isn’t an attack.

I gave this land my divine protection. Using the corpses as the nourishment, I quicken the growth of nature.

I restored this land where the magic disaster happened before to normal, in order to restore it to soil with good harvests.

By the way, your body will be the core.

It’s impossible to cancel this effect―― After all, it’s because this is a restoration ability.」

「I aware of it. Such a cunning thing and also provoking, you know――」

「Kuaahhahhahha! I’ll accept it as a compliment.

What? You don’t need to worry. Your holy aura will be restored after hundreds of years at the quickest, or at the latest after a thousand years.

Your current state would be restored completely and naturally reborn.

At that time, the normalization of this land might also be completed.」

「Kukukuku. Did you realize the current situation of my country?」

「Hmm. The current situation where the water will be dried up in about several hundreds of years and it will become a land that impossible even for the giants to survive, right?」

「As I expected, you have realized it. Even the true reason of why I mobilized the Chain of Restrain Titan army to invaded Ruminas’ territory――」

「Nope…… I don’t know such a thing. It doesn’t matter to me.

Anyway, I don’t really care whether there’re only dead soldiers and you don’t have young soldier, woman, and children among your subordinates.」

「Fu, fuhahahaha! Do you pretend not knowing?

Veldanava-sama’s order is to protect the heaven gate in this land.

We, the giants had faithfully obeyed that order.

And so, I understood that we would perish in accordance with the order as it is.

Even so, that’s okay. If it’s only me.

But, I couldn’t bear to impose the same fate to those who were born after that Person died.

I’m sorry for Ruminas, but I thought that I have the chance――」

「Hmm. After all, this world is survival of the fittest. No one will blame you.」

「――Why, why did you want to restored this land? Did you do it to save us?」

「Kuahahahaha! Don’t misunderstand it! I just want to prove that I’m stronger than you.

And at the same time, I thought I would enrich this land to mend the mood of Ruminas.

I never think that the range of the effect would also include the death desert area―― It was a miscalculation!」

「Fufu, fuhahahahaha! Even to the end you still pretending like that heh.

Very well, I will not think this as a debt, Veldora!」

「Of course. There’s no lending and borrowing[2] between friends! Let’s fight again. Oh well, I will also win next time though!」

「Shut up, I’m not eager enough to lose to a lizard for that many times!」

Veldora and Dagruel laugh loudly looking at each other faces.

There wasn’t any ill feeling, both of them had a fresh expression.

「Well now, it’s about time the effect of Fertile Paradox spreading.」

「So? How you procured the remaining energy?

It’s unlikely for my remaining energy to be enough to cover all of it.」

「Ah, since the angels are swarming the sky, I used them.

Originally, the technique affects everyone, but I made it so it only affects the opponent with Probability Fluctuations.

Kukuku, convenient isn’t it? There’s no need to select neatly.」

「…………You’re an outrageous guy. No way, even my alive subordinates too――!?」

「Hm? Ah, I leave them alone. If they are hostile after seeing the situation then I’ll wipe them up.

As the angel has no free will, this time I make the condition for the target to be “Those who have hostile intent” and “Things without a will”. Well, I will deal with them properly later.」

“I see……” Dagruel consented so.

If it’s Veldora, he might be able to do anything.

(However, things without a will? That, isn’t that means all of the structures would get destroyed?)

Suddenly, such worry passed inside Dagruel’s mind.

As for the heaven gate, it actually has a will.

Therefore, Dagruel didn’t worry about the condition of the gate, but thinking about the scope of affected area of the prismatic darkness, he confirmed this in a moment and it is clear that all of his territories will be included in the range.

Well, they’re all included because he understood that the purpose is to restore the land.

(Oh well. Structures can be rebuild. I don’t need to worry about it――）

Dagruel renews his feelings.

But at the end,

「Veldora, is it okay if I ask you a request?」

「Hm, what is it?」

「I want to ask you to give my message to my sons and subordinates.」

So he said to Veldora.

Veldora in response,

「Kuahahahaha! You should tell them with your own mouth.

Didn’t I say there’s no lending and borrowing?

If it’s for such thing, you will manage to do it somehow.

Soon, the darkness will disperse.」

Answered so, he was smiling broadly.

The prismatic darkness cleared up.

The place that was a death desert area, a wasteland that spread as far as the eye can see.

That place is now transformed to a land where greenery spread out all over.

Vegetation grows in a terrific vigor, bring forth a fertile soil.

In a flash, a vast woodlands was formed that won’t inferior to Great Jura Forest.

「Umm, didn’t it works a bit too fast?」

Veldora mutters in small voice.

Apparently, the change was more than he intended.

Next to Veldora who grimaced uneasily is Dagruel who did his last speech.

「Hear me! I assign Dagura as my successor.

Ryura, Debra! Help Dagura, exerts your effort for the prosperity of the Giant race!

And, the warriors of the Giant race! You all shall obey Dagura as your king.

You all need to ascertain of what is correct with your own judgment together with the new king.

The fate of the giant race hanging in your judgment.

Running away is not allowed. At the dawn when I returned, if the giant race has perished ――

You guys understand?」

「Ye, yes!! Of course, Father! I’ll risk my own life to fulfilled my duty as the king!!」

「We too will help elder brother, we’ll promise that we will live up to father’s expectations!」

「Of course!」

The three brothers who watching the fight between Veldora and Dagruel to the end were awake at the same time as the darkness disappears.

And, as soon of their awakening giving no time to digest the content of the declaration, they stated the oath.

The reason is that Dagruel emitted air like “Hesitation will not be allowed”.

And so――

『We all present here, in accordance with the new king, shall devote ourselves for the country!!』

With Dagruel’s defeat, the elites of the Chain of Restrain Titan army understood Veldora’s aid, they followed it without raising any objection.

Seeing it with his own eyes, Dagruel nod satisfactorily.

「It’s regrettable that I’m unable to see the end of this great war, but it seems my time is no more.

If it’s you guys, I’ll believe that you all can choose the right way, unlike mine.

I entrust it to you all in my absence! Well then, goodbye――」

Dagruel was sucked into the ground and disappeared with that as his last words.

He falls into a long sleep in this land, in order regenerate his own body.

Thus, the invasion of Dagruel’s army failed.

The angels were sacrificed without one remaining.

The allied forces of Rimuru and Ruminas had succeeded in defending this place.

Thus――

The defense of this territory succeeded, but the city was gone without any trace.

As Dagruel feared, the city that’s inorganic substance was spotlessly destroyed.

Moreover, with the birth of a new Great Forest, it seems that it wouldn’t be easy for the reconstruction of the city.

Of course, that thing is the reason why a certain person was enraged……

「Well, Veldora. What does this mean? Do you have an explanation for me?」

Ruminas asked Veldora with a clear vein popping on her brow which hidden by her beautiful silver hair.

She put a beautiful smile on her face, but her eyes are not laughing at all.

Veldora instantly

(Thi, this is impossible! My perfect plan to lose my infamy!?)

Saving Ruminas from a crisis, moreover, changing Ruminas’ territory into land with good harvests.

It should be a perfect plan.

And yet, there’s an apparent questionable mood.

「Ummmmm…… There is a reason that deeper than the ocean for this…...

I want to explain it, but I’m busy. We will talk about it later!」

Saying so, Veldora soared to the sky.

And at the speed exceeding the speed when he fought Dagruel, he left behind the surface.



「Damn it, he runs away again! I won’t forgive him, THAT IDIOT LIZARD!!」

Ruminas’ angry words didn’t reached Veldora.

* * *

[1] Forgot to mention this when it appears in past chapters, refers to those who have EP: 1m+. EP: Energy Points I think. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

[2] Can also mean, no debt between friends.





Chapter 220: Royal Capital Disturbance


Hinata felt hopeless when she grasped the current situation,

However, as the supreme leader, such emotion can’t be shown in her expression.

The main church in the Ingrassia Kingdom is filled with the citizens who have taken shelter in it.

Hinata greatly understood that she couldn’t allow anxiety to be seen on her face in front of them.

Just before noon on the second day after Velda’s declaration, each of the countries’ capitals fell into chaos.

The citizens showed various reactions, there were people who ran away for their own lives, people who rioted, and people who welcome the death Velda will bring.

The Holy Knights and trained priests that were dispatched to each country worked hard to suppress the citizens’ confusion and guide them to shelter.

There’s no other word apart from splendid for their ability to suppress the people’s confusion just by one day.

It was a great achievement accomplished under the command of Hinata who is the chairwoman of the Freedom Arbitration Committee with the cooperation of Nicholas who is a cardinal of the Holy Church.

To the confused citizens, she explained that it’s impossible for Demon Lord Rimuru to be defeated which calmed down their anxiety.

The governing body of each country who knows Demon Lord Rimuru showed an immediate settling down, but it can’t earn the trust of the countries which didn’t associate with Rimuru.

Even Hinata understands that it can’t be helped.

Even if she said to believe in Demon Lord, there might be a few people who are convinced.

However, even so, there’s no choice but to believe now.

After all, if the Demon Lord Alliance was defeated, this world will be destroyed by Velda.

Therefore, Hinata didn’t waver.

The things that Hinata can do now are to prevent chaos and suppress the citizens’ anxiety even by a little.

Hinata did her best as the leader of the army to guarantee the citizens’ safety.

But――

Rioters were unavoidable at the end of the world.

In addition to their bad character, they showed up and chose the worst decision at the worst time which became the primary factor that tormented Hinata and co.

Those people mobilized all of the country power and have Hinata and co cornered.

They denounced Hinata as a witch who deceived people’s mind, which fueled the people’s anxiety.

A witch who was charmed by the Demon Lord, the one who leads everyone to ruin―― they loudly exclaimed, the Holy Church of the Ingrassia Kingdom where Hinata is in was surrounded.

The citizens who have taken shelter inside the main church borrowed under the name of the Freedom Arbitration Committee looked at Hinata with their anxious faces.

That might be so.

After all, the one who denounces Hinata……

『My people! That witch had falsely accused me and made me lost my position in the council.

Moreover, she killed my father and brought chaos and sorrow to this country.

If you all are wise, I believe that you’ll understand whose words are correct!』

That’s right―― because it was Elrick himself, the prince of this country.

The figure of the leader of the Guard Knight Order, Reiner can be seen on his side.

The perpetrator who murdered the king and leading the Knight Order without a doubt is Reiner, Hinata thought while letting out a sigh.

He completely forestalled Hinata. He planned everything, even if she said anything right now, all of the evidence must have been destroyed.

The problem above all of it is Prince Elrick is pretty popular among the population.

Prince Elrick with his gentlemanly appearance is pretty popular with the women. His ability aside, he gained the people’s favor due to his sociable appearance.

His blunder in the council was not told to the people.

As it was the royal family’s disgrace, Elrick was just punished with house arrest for 1 year.

Taking a consideration as he is the heir of the kingdom, the house arrest was said to be a form of re-education.

Either way, Tempest has become the major power. What happens to the heir of a country is not Hinata’s concern.

So she thought, he didn’t raise any objection to that punishment, but it seems it had backfired.

His terrible and reckless actions to plan to murder his father and usurp the throne was an unexpected event for Hinata.

(I never thought that he was this foolish ――）

Hinata cursed her own carelessness inside her mind. Hinata feels the naivety that can’t be found in her previous self.

It might be said that it’s Hinata’s mistake that she failed to see that Prince Elrick was this foolish and didn’t execute him that time.

Although there’s no use in regretting it now……

It can’t be said that Holy Church’s grounds is vast.

But, even so, more than 1.000 citizens were taking shelter inside.

The former members of the Freedom Association who lives in the vicinity of the Ingrassia Kingdom have no house in the capital.

Now they were working for the committee, but as they don’t belong to the country, neither land nor house can be owned by them within the kingdom.

Apart from the people who stay in the building borrowed by the committee, most people lived in the city blocks around the capital.

It was Hinata who chose the church as a place to accept those people.

Therefore, Prince Elrick’s speech was not for the people inside the cathedral.

His speech is for the nearby citizens who look at the national army surrounding the church with their trembling eyes.

In response to this unprecedented crisis is the answer to the question of what’s happening in the kingdom for the army to move.

「Those bastards, to smooth over the blunder in the council, what an overbearing way…」

「Moreover, they killed the king and intend to charge Hinata-sama as the culprit――」

To Hinata’s mutter, Nicholas calmly throws his interjections.

It seemed Elrick intends to take advantage of this chaos to make all of his mistakes and crimes forgotten.

The annoying thing is, Elrick as the prince of this kingdom is popular.

Which one will the people believe? That’s clear as day.

「It’s because Hinata-sama can’t be said to have a good reputation……」

Fritz crack a joke, the Holy Knight Leader Leonard makes a small consent.

The two of them are the only Holy Knights left in here.

Everyone else is either dispatched to various places or assigned to the duty of defending of the Holy Capital under Arnaud, the vice-captain’s command.

In contrast to the capital that is a safe ground, there was no room to spare for additional war forces.

Although there are dozens of apprentice soldier, many of which are boys, it’s unlikely for them to be war forces.

As for the adventurers, they are guarding the refugees gathering around in each country under Hinata’s order.

There were only 4 people among Hinata and co who can actually fight.

On the other hand, the opponent is a country’s army.

Soldiers and knights, the Ingrassia Kingdom which is a large rich country boasted of

a considerable number of knights commanded by Reiner seems to have surrounded the church.

Even a regular soldier is troublesome, and Hinata and co can’t move carelessly since there are knights.

There are two Holy Knights here, but it will be difficult to protect the citizens who have taken shelter.

The refugees were just like a hostage to Hinata and co.

「Then, what will we do? It’s a matter of time before those guys break in as things are.

If it’s just us, we can break through and escape, but we will let the citizens die.

Is it impossible to protect the citizens?」

「If this is going to happen, it would be better if we moved to the Holy City……」

「No, it’s hard over there too.

The opponents over there are the angel army and Chain of Restraint Titan Army of Demon Lord Dagruel, the war seems to have intensified.

A little while ago, not only the telepathy got cut off, the gate also stopped working.

I’m certain that there’s some kind of emergency happened there.」

To Leonard and Nicholas’s information, Hinata knits her eyebrows.

In the worst case, it was planned to escape to the Holy City, but that escape path seems to have been closed.

However, there probably won’t be enough time to transfer everyone.

「What did those guys demand?」

「Yes, they said to bring out Hinata-sama from a little while ago.

That guy named Reiner seems wants to display his power.

They said, they dislike that Hinata-sama was called as the strongest.

If you want, should I be their opponent?」

Fritz answered Hinata’s question.

「In this crisis situation, how leisurely――

No way, he seriously said that?

Was Reiner is such a big fool to that extent?」

Hinata tries to laugh it away and stops moving.

And, she timidly asked Fritz

Fritz lets out a sigh and,

「That ‘No way’ indeed……」

He answered while shrugging his shoulders.

According to Fritz’s explanation, it seems Reiner want to wipe out the disgrace of wetting himself due to Shuna’s coercion at the council by all means.

For that reason, he plans to clear his name by defeating Hinata who is called as the strongest holy knight.

「Fool. I already don’t have power as I did before. I already retired you know?」

「It seems to be irrelevant.

For Reiner, he wants to overwhelm Hinata-sama in front of the masses to show off his strength.

In this regard, I could see that his ulterior motive to harass you.」

Fritz reported with his full of contempt appearance.

Nicholas who hears it, was enraged.

「He can’t be forgiven, we need to kill him. That low-life is not qualified to live!」

Immediately, Nicholas who might go to kill was stopped by Leonard from behind.

「Please wait, Cardinal. That’s what the enemy wants!」

Leonard said so and desperately restrained Nicholas.

He’s thinking about measures while waiting for Nicholas to settle down.

There’s not much time left.

「Then? If I get defeated, will the citizens survive?」

「I can’t say anything.

However, although he says defeat, it means death.

Laying the blame for the crime of killing the king is Prince Elrick’s goal.

Reiner and the prince cooperated in this coup d’état because their interests matched.

Showing your defeat is――」

Fritz stopped talking.

It doesn’t need to be said, their plan was a stupid one, and even Hinata was able to understand that.

But, there seems to be no other plan to suppress damage.

At least, if she accepted the duel, the citizens would be out of harm……

She would somehow counterattack.

However, as soon as she done it, Hinata won’t be able to wipe the stigma that accused to her.

As the witch who rebels against the country army.

Right now, as long as she has a chance for excuses, it might be possible to clear her name of that false accusation.

If thing goes well, there might be a possibility for evidence to be found that Prince Elrick and co were the ones who killed the king.

「I don’t have another choice but to go out.

In the meanwhile, strengthen the defense as much as possible.

Put a lot layer of defense barrier, turns the cathedral as an impregnable fortress.

――After all, although it might be just a temporary peace, I’ll be able to buy some time rather than doing nothing.

Don’t expect anything though…… By any chance, that something might occur――」

In this time of emergency where people should think about measures against the angel and Velda, there’re people who did a really foolish action.

Hinata issued her order to the three people while hiding her depressed and desperate mind.

「But, Hinata-sama――」

Nicholas tries to stop Hinata with uneasy expression but,

「Don’t worry. I don’t intend to die.

I’ll struggle as far as I can to buy you all time.

No matter how ungraceful I’ll be, I won’t give up.」

Leaving behind those words, Hinata begins to walk.

――To stands in front of Reiner, sacrificing her body to buy time.

Nicholas and co finished putting up barriers in a rush as Hinata ordered and went outside the church.

What they saw outside was too horrible.

Hinata’s clothes were tattered and torn, black bruises are visible.

It seems she has received violent assault of punches and kicks.

Her fingers also stamped on, it was obvious that they’re broken.

What stands out are her hands and feet.

She was groveling in the ground as her tendons were cut.

Not to mention holding a sword, it’s unlikely that she can stand.

Meanwhile, there’s no wound on her face, it’s what made Hinata’s disastrous condition stand out.

「Hi-hinata-sama!」

Nicholas rushes over to Hinata.

「Hahaha, You’re unable to live up to your claims! What a cheeky bastard, it’s more suitable for you to rolling on the ground!」

With an irritating laugh, Reiner laughs loudly.

「You bastard! Wasn’t it’s a fair and square one on one fight!?」

To Leonard’s words who shouting angry, Reiner laughed to the nose.

「A criminal has no human rights you see. What, we’re merciful.

If she cried and begs for forgiveness, I’d think to delay the day of the death penalty a bit.

Anyway, in the meantime I’ll make you show your gratitude.」

Saying so, Reiner grins and laughs vulgarly.

「I can’t endure it any longer. As I excepted, here and now you bastard will――」

「――Wait…… Fritz………… The match…… is sti-still…… going…………」

Fritz who enraged and pulling out his sword was stopped by Hinata who is dying.

And then, she cast for a small recovery magic and connect the cut tendons.

Hinata stands up while staggering and somehow holding her sword up.

「Hyaahahahahaha! Do you still want to be cut? Are you a Masochist?!

No matter how many times you try, you seem to not able to understand that you won’t be able to win against me.

Alrighty then, I shall cut you over and over again!」

With frenzy bloodshot eyes, Reiner shouted.

Being driven by his sadistic pleasure, his reasoning starts flying.

Normally, it won’t be out of control but, due to pleasures of being able to trample someone who stronger than him, Reiner’s mind was on the verge of abnormality.

Even Reiner was aware that he was inferior to Hinata.

No, it’d be correct that their differences were clearly pointed at the moment of the confrontation.

Even though a lot of the power of Hinata’s soul has gone, the ability etched to her body was still there.

Even with only her swordsmanship, it surpassed Reiner’s slightly.

But ――

Reiner whispered, ‘Don’t resist if you don’t want to be attacked by everyone all at once’, in accordance with such unreasonable order, Hinata was doing exactly as she was told to do.

It was just as Reiner planned.

He makes sure that her face uninjured, such is his purpose to enjoy seeing her beautiful, well-featured face warped by pain.

And then, after beating her up severely, he was waiting for ‘another’ fun.

Just by imagining it, Reiner felt his own blood boiling and brimming with power.

Absolute superiority.

Even if she contacts them now, it would take time for the Holy Knights to return.

Even if they stop guiding the evacuation and return, they won’t be able to return so easily.

Besides, if he felt such presences, he would only need to give the attack order quickly.

Reiner takes along with him 4.000 soldiers of the army and 300 knights of the Guard Knight Order.

There was no chance for defeat.

(He! After I finish tormenting her who made a fool of me, I’ll also make that woman named Shuna――）

At the time Reiner swung his sword downward while having such delusion――

‘Shing!’ such clear sound was heard, Reiner’s sword was stopped.

「Hinata nee-chan! I came to help!!」

It was a Hero with little light.

Following behind him are four children.

And――

Small whispering voices begin to be heard from the people’s mouths that saw the person who appeared in front of them,

「He-hero-sama――?」

「It’s Hero-sama……」

「It’s Hero-sama! Hero-sama has returned!」

「It-it’s Masayuki-sama! Masayuki-sama has returnedーーー!!」

And so, it doesn’t take a long time for it to be a grand chorus.

『MA~SAYUKI, MA~~SAYUKI!!』

Bathed inside the chorus, a young man stands in front of the crowd.

Reiner with his bloodshot eyes glared at that person.

That person stands in front of Reiner.

That’s right! That person for sure is the strongest man in Ingrassia Kingdom.

He’s Hero Masayuki!





Chapter 221: Royal Capital Disturbance -Hero-


‘Why in the world it become like this?’ Currently, that wasn’t what in Masayuki’s mind.

『MA~SAYUKI, MA~~SAYUKI!!』

Masayuki stood inside the people’s cheers.

Then, he tilted his neck diagonally as he was instructed to, and directed his sight downward.

In about 2 seconds, he turned his face to the front slowly and meets the people’s gazes.

Only doing so, the increasing level of people’s excitement can be felt. It was very effective to the extent of being terrifying.

(As expected, it’s as Rimuru-san says……)

That’s right.

Masayuki’s gesture just now was the result of his training under Rimuru’s guidance.

Grasping the people’s minds, the effect of Unique Skill『The Chosen One』has increased due to the calculated gesture instead of solely relying on the skill.

It can’t be helped for Masayuki to trembling with fear as the influence was beyond than what he expected.

He just received a bit acting lesson, but the effect was too overwhelming.

As soon as Masayuki turned his gaze over, the people closed their mouths.

Quietly, like the waves, silence descended to this place.

It was already a sight that he saw so many times.

――Actually, for Masayuki.

Before visiting the Ingrassia Kingdom, he visited several countries around Great Jura Forest and had calmed down similar mayhem.

Before the Great War begins, Masayuki was called by Rimuru and had received a request.

With a carefree tone, Rimuru asked him「Please persuade the people in each country so they will not cause a riot.」.

「No no, it’s impossible for me!」

「What are you saying, Masayuki-kun. You can do it. No, only you can do it!」

After such conversation, he was coaxed with「Don’t worry, don’t worry! If it’s you, you can do anything as you please!」.

After that, he received a bit acting lesson, from the pose before the speech and the movement of his eyes during the speech―― everything was drawn in detail in the memo given to him.

Also,

「Kufufufufu. As expected from Masayuki-dono, it’s splendid.

You seem to better than a demon at grasping people’s minds, you have my admiration.」

He gets praised by Diablo, the demon itself.

He was not happy at all, but Masayuki warded off that feeling with a complicated smile.

However, for some reason, Diablo was strangely pleased with Masayuki,

「That’s right. If you are going to many countries, you will need an escort.」

Saying so, Diablo summoned his trusted subordinate named Venom and arranged him to accompany Masayuki.

Thanks to that, his traveling to many countries was shortened due to Transfer Magic.

On the second day, even when Velda declared that Rimuru was defeated, Masayuki was making a speech without worrying about it.

In a small country, in front of the trembling populace, Masayuki was able to clear the people’s anxiety very smoothly.

It was because Rimuru had irresponsibly told him「By some chance, I might die once, I leave the rest to you!」, so this and that.

Venom who was accompanying him too,

「Ah, what hmm…. Even though Diablo-sama is safe, for some reason I can’t contact him.

But, I can’t see that Moss’s presence too, I’m sure that he was doing something stealthily by Diablo-sama’s order.」

Said so and shrugged his shoulders.

There was no sign of him worried at all.

Certainly, if Rimuru was really destroyed, his subordinates would act more recklessly.

Because Masayuki was strangely convinced, he stopped thinking about it deeply.

Speaking of convinced, this also applied to Venom.

For some reason, Masayuki mysteriously gets along with him.

When Diablo introduced Venom to Masayuki for the first time, Venom wore an over the top combat clothes……

「That, can you manage it somehow? I’m supposed to be the Hero though……?」

「Ah, that’s right. Then, I would better if you come with me.」

So, after leaving Rimuru’s place, it has been decided for Venom to change clothes and both of them were going to the Armor shop.

At that time they conversed, but it was a talk about an unexpected thing.

「I guess―― I have a feeling that I lived in the same world as you before.」

So, Venom frankly speaking, Masayuki thinks that he might be a reincarnated person.

And so, he was lectured about various clothes.

He asked the craftsman and got the clothes finished with the illustration that Masayuki had drawn.

It was a bit of Punk fashion, but strangely it looks good on Venom.

Because Venom’s hair is like a Mohawk, it seems to be his rule to not wear a helmet.

He was like a biker gang from somewhere, so Masayuki wanted to tsukkomi, but compared to how he first dressed, Masayuki thinks this one is better.

Because he’s a demon, he doesn’t need any kind of armor, but appearance was important.

「Hey hey, aren’t you have a good sense on this. Can I trouble you for it from now on?」

「Ah, I’m glad if you liked it.」

His illustration that makes Venom bring out a delinquent like atmosphere is mixed with a bit of joke, but it seems that it becomes his best favorite.

It seems that he felt like he worn such clothes in his former life.

That became the impetus of how Venom and Masayuki became friends.

His appearance was better―― when compared to his previous demonic appearance―― and so, Masayuki introduced Venom to his five companions.

「Oh. Have you also been charmed by Masayuki-sama’s greatness?」

「Well, of course. After all, Masayuki is a cool and wonderful person.」

「It’s because he is exuding the aura of a Hero. Oh well, pleased to be with you from now on!」

His companions say such thing unanimously.

As for Masayuki, he seems to want to say,「Before, rather than charmed by me, people would go away though――」

There was no one who noticed such feelings from Masayuki among his companions.

Every time, they believed Masayuki like a god.

Still, recently, they gradually become friendlier and frank little by little.

According to Rimuru,「Aren’t they come to be able to resist the effect of your Unique Skill?」.

With this impetus, Masayuki wanted everyone to notice the truth soon.

Putting that aside, Masayuki was glad that his companions get along with Venom.

Afterwards, they requested the cooperation of the adventurers of Tempest to prevent disorder, and they scattered to each country before the Great War begins.

Although it was due to Rimuru’s commission, the adventurers joyfully departed to various places due to Masayuki’s request who received an acting lesson.

After that, until now.

Including Venom, the seven of them went around various places.

And now――

Masayuki who wore shining golden armor and his whole body glowed with light was bathed in people’s eyes.

He gradually became accustomed to the feeling of tension, and now he can naturally accept it.

It might be the result of his regular practice following Rimuru’s memo for the acting and stuff.

(What I’m saying, it looks like the timing I aimed……)

Anything but that please, so Masayuki thinks.

Although he has accustomed to tension, Masayuki was still a timid guy.

Such timing like a hero, Masayuki thought that role was not for someone like him.

However, he had no one even if he wanted to complain.

It can’t be helped, he decided to finish this place.

「Everyone, please settle down. Calmly, and please tell me what happened here――」

Masayuki began to talk gently.

(Umm, ‘talk slowly without panicking. Even if you talk bit your tongue or somewhat stuttering, don’t worry cause you can correct it! Wasn’t it)

Masayuki recalled the memo he had read for so many times in his mind, and he thinks there’s no intense gaze coming from the citizens.

Due to Masayuki’s calm words, the people who calmed down regained their calm mind.

In the first place, why did Hinata fight against Reiner?

Although it’s a fact that the king was assassinated, was the criminal really Hinata? Such doubt recurs in the people’s hearts.

And even for Masayuki.

(No, really, in this situation, what on the earth was going on?

Which side is correct or wrong? Which side is the correct one I should ally with?)

He was actually quite perplexed.

He knew about Hinata.

Masayuki reached the point where he’s called as the Hero of the West, but he was frequently compared with Hinata who is the Holy Knight Leader.

He had heard people argued which side is stronger as they please.

Masayuki remembered Rimuru had said 「Masayuki-kun. If you seriously fight her, it’d be better to run away instead.」like it was natural.

She’s such cool-headed and dangerous woman. But, he said that she wouldn’t take a meaningless action.

In contrast to Reiner, when Masayuki received the victory prize of the fighting tournament he participated in the Ingrassia Kingdom, he felt that he was a close aide to the king.

He thinks that he’s probably that person at that time, Masayuki wasn’t sure. Either way, it’s certain that he’s an important figure in the country.

Which side is the correct side he should side with? It was a very difficult problem.

If he interferes unskillfully, the mask of the Hero that he played with great effort would come off.

If it happened, Masayuki was thinking to run away and return to Tempest, but he was anxious that not completing Rimuru’s request would be a problem.

Rimuru aside, he didn’t think that it would end just with Diablo and other uttering sarcasm.

Masayuki wanted to clear this place somehow smoothly. He understood it well that’s related to saving his own skin.

However, the situation changed without caring about Masayuki’s troubles.

「Oh my, oh my, Isn’t it Hero Masayuki-dono? It’s been a while, I’m Reiner.

Do you remember me? It’s Reiner the Leader of Guard Knight Order. Currently I’m――」

Reiner began to say something.

As expected Masayuki’s memory is correct, he was the Knight Leader who standing beside the king.

(Ummm……then, is the correct answer to ally with him maybe? Eh, isn’t it bad if I’m hostile against Hinata though!?)

He didn’t know that Hinata had lost her power―― although she’s still stronger than Masayuki―― Masayuki’s mind is in turmoil.

But, not caring about Masayuki’s problem, the conversation continued.

And then, it began to show a turbulent development.

「Masayuki-sama! Please, please somehow forgive me!! The king, I’m the one who lay my hands on the king――」

Interrupting Reiner’s words, one of the soldiers come running and prostrating in front of Masayuki.

(Eh!? I don’t know what he’s talking about……)

Masayuki wanted to reconfirm it so he’s not moving carelessly.

「Hmm! What are you blabbering about?」

Reiner was angry.

He tries to cut down the soldier, but the children blocked him and disturbed Reiner’s action.

In addition――

「Fu, fuhahahahaha. It’s the end, I’m ruined……」

For some reason, Prince Elrick began to confess his wrongdoing.

With the testimony of the soldier who abode the Prince’s order in order to help his sick family and the confession of the Prince himself, all relevant facts of the case have mostly been confirmed.

This and that is all due to Masayuki’s ability.

Actually, Masayuki, who didn’t realize it yet, has awakened a new ability.

Its name is Unique Skill『Messiah (Savior)』.

It was the result of him following the memo that given to him by Rimuru―― or rather it was Ciel.

The ability of Unique Skill『Messiah』, just as its name implies, was salvation.

It urged the mind of the target of their crime and makes them act to attain salvation. That’s realized mostly in the form of confessing their sin.

This time, only the people who reacted to Masayuki’s words became the target.

That’s triggered when Masayuki asked the explanation of what happened here.

It was a terrifying ability that was convenient for Masayuki eternally.

This ability of Masayuki was naturally able to be resisted by a high ranking person.

Therefore, Reiner was barely affected.

Prior to that, to begin with Reiner was――

「Kehii, kehihihi, kehihaa! I’ll kill youuuuuuuu! I’ll kill you all!!」

His mind was already in abnormal state.

Reiner’s bloated pride was repainted with revenge and hatred when he committed the failure in the council and tasted dread from Shuna.

And now, while raising a strange laughter, Reiner turned his sword towards Masayuki.

(Eh!? He aimed at me!)

In a panic, Masayuki also put his hand on his sword.

Actually, Masayuki’s ability had increased considerably. Training in the labyrinth had raised Masayuki’s strength.

However, even so, Masayuki thought that he’s at disadvantage against his opponent who is the strongest knight of the Ingrassia Kingdom which is one of the large countries.

「How sad, for us to only able to talk through sword――」

He said so while giving him a side glance, as shown in his memo.

Although the people seemed to be impressed by it, Reiner didn’t.

「Die!!」

While shouting, Reiner charged towards Masayuki.

「Masayuki-anchan, finish that guy off!」

「Please show us coolly!」

The children’s cheering was painful to his ear.

(Why on the earth they’re so convinced that I’m strong! Although I’m protecting Hinata, please protect me too!)

He recalled several times that the children who were training in the labyrinth doing training for a special move.

He talked about fantasy special moves such as Eternal Frozen Sword or Evil Annihilation Sword, but it seems that they thought he can really use them.

Although at that time Masayuki was stronger, the children showed an abnormally rapid growth.

Blessed with master class teachers like Hakurou and Agera, they were now slightly stronger than Masayuki.

And yet, they still believed that Masayuki was stronger.

Masayuki who received such respect from the children was unable to step back.

(Damn, damn it! If it comes to this, I feel I’m going to die!)

Masayuki steeled himself.

Reiner was approaching.

And, at the time Reiner’s sword was about to reach Masayuki, a person stood in front of Masayuki.

That person was Hinata.

「Can you leave this guy to me?」

Saying so, Hinata sprouted a beautiful smile towards Masayuki.





Chapter 222: Royal Capital Disturbance -Sudden Change-


Hinata stood up while gazing at Reiner coldly.

There’s no trace of gentleness in her eyes, it was buried completely by the color of contempt.

「Hi-hinata-sama―― Are you alright? Can’t you leave the matter to Masayuki-dono?」

Nicholas called out Hinata, but she didn’t respond.

Masayuki heard Nicholas’ word, but he stiffened as though he was startled

On Hinata’s mouth, there’s a small smile.

It was a frightening smile, reminiscent of the former Hinata.

「No, there’s no problem. That’s right….. There’s no problem. Everything was as expected.」

Rather than answering Nicholas, Hinata muttered instinctively to feel convinced that what she thought is correct.

In fact, it’s true.

Hinata had believed in his guess and went along with it.

That’s right. Hinata had seen everything up to this result.

In a word, everything was as she expected.

Even when she was tormented by Reiner, all were expected events.

Actually, these days Hinata had been attacked by an intense sense of déjà vu.

She could see a scene from a few seconds to a few minutes ahead as if she had experienced it.

She experienced the same thing several times, she was convinced that it was the experience of a bit later in the future.

This time luckily―― although it may not be so―― she was tormented by Reiner, she had been able to see the scene where he cut her limbs and gouged out her eyes.

(As expected, it’s difficult to restore cut limbs; though it’s not amusing if the face was wounded ――)

That’s Hinata’s thought.

Her face which was clean of injury was unnatural, it’s not because Reiner going easy on her, the correct answer was because Hinata had evaded all of the attacks.

As for her limbs, she normally received the attacks, to the extent of her tendons was cut.

She was able to do this and that because she knew the future.

And so, Hinata’s victory condition wasn’t to survive until the truth was exposed to the people, it’s for the people taking shelter in the church to not be harmed.

In case she poorly resisted, the knight under Reiner’s command would start attacking the church, it was one of the possible futures that she saw.

(Is the cause because I’m connected with Chloe’s soul? I don’t think it’s my ability after all.)

With a terrifying accuracy, Hinata sees the fact.

Due to a small connection with Chloe, a fragment of Chloe’s ability had shown memory of the future to Hinata.

However, Hinata was indifferent to such thing.

The important thing is only the reality that led to the best results.

As things going as Hinata planned, Reiner, the subject of scorn is in front of her.

He was the man who tormented her until now, she has no sympathy at the slightest for him.

「Well then. Did you say your name is Reiner?

You wanted to fight me right. Very well, I shall fight you seriously.」

Hinata sprouts a smile full of kindness and look on Reiner

However, her eyes are cold.

「Damn you! I’ll kill you and also that Hero. I’m the strongest, the result is obvious.

I’ll slaughter everyone who knows about the matter!」

Reiner shouted with a mind full of madness.

And then he raised his sword charging towards Hinata.

Without panicking, Hinata raised her rapier.

Unlike the one-sided torment a while ago, there’s no need for her to hold back now.

She evaded the big slash from Reiner’s sword, and without hesitation, she stabbed his foot.

「Gyaaaーーーーー!!」

Reiner screamed.

Due to the intense pain, he recovered a bit of his sense.

(What, what the heck is this pain――)

Reiner was grinding his teeth as he felt an abnormal pain.

He couldn’t conceal his confusion as the skill『Pain Perception Blockade』that he had hadn’t shown its effect.

The damage was not a big deal, but there’s no sign of any injury.

「Ufufufufu. Is it painful? Raise your voice more and entertain me more!」

With an expression of ecstasy, Hinata moistened her lips with her bewitching tongue.

Nicholas and Fritz sent a hot gaze towards current Hinata.

As one would expect, it’s only Leonard who grieved due to it.

「――Hinata-sama…… Your image just improved with a lot of trouble, it’s spoiled now――」

Certainly, her image was spoiled, but her gesture brings forth some wild enthusiastic fans.

That suited Hinata very well.

Because it reminded people that the strong predate the weak.

Hinata started pursuing Reiner without showing any behavior of minding the response of the surroundings.

Afraid of the attack which caused him intense pain even if it just grazed him, Reiner naturally fought defensively.

「You-you bastard! Enchanting the sword with magic is unfair.」

Reiner accuses foulmouthed.

However, Hinata only showing a smile, she didn’t respond to Reiner’s accusation.

Because it’s a fact, she didn’t intend to deny it. Moreover, enchanting her sword with magic was not a bad reason either.

Her sword is a Unique class Magic Sword.

Hinata’s spiritual armaments were transferred to Chloe leaving her with nothing, even if she borrowed a mass-produced type spiritual armament before, she didn’t have enough power to activate it.

At that time, this rapier was sent by Rimuru.

It’s called Phantom Pain (Phantom Rainbow Spirit Sword).

It was a sword with abilities that could be said the upgraded version of the magic sword Hinata used before.

Naturally, it’s possible to use it to cause the opponent to die in the seventh attack like『Dead End Rainbow』.

If it’s the former sword, it was to destroy the spiritual body at the seventh strike.

But, the sword given by Rimuru was frighteningly able to destroy even the astral body.

Originally it’s a legend class weapon, but it has been readjusted so Hinata able to use it.

(The one before can’t be compared with the performance of this one. Even I who lose my power can use it)

While slightly admiring it, Hinata was satisfied with the sword’s ability.

And then she narrowed her eyes and sent a cruel smile towards Reiner.

Right now, she already hit Reiner with five attacks.

It’s possible to kill him immediately in the next two attacks, but she thought it would be not interesting.

And, even in such situation this sword is useful.

「Well, let’s wrap it soon. I’m tired of seeing your unpleasant face.」

Telling Reiner so, Hinata raised her sword.

「Do-don’t underestimate me, you female fox! Th-there’s no way for me to be defeated by the likes of you!」

Reiner shouted with squeaky voice while he swung his sword.

「Don’t think I’ll be so kind and let you live because you’re a woman―― Become mincemeat! Violent Decapitating Slash Wave!」

The power of the high-speed rotation produced by Reiner’s trained body was transmitted through the sword, the target hit by the impact would be pulverized.

Surely, a person who receives it will be turned into pieces of meat, it was the strongest attack Reiner can bring out.

However――

「How naïve. It’s only of this level――」

Reiner’s attack slipped through Hinata who was sneering.

It was Hinata’s afterimage.

Blood rose to Reiner’s head as he fell to the beginner trick that Hinata used.

「Im-impossible!」

「Goodbye. Please die and taste the eternal suffering in these three minutes. Dead End Pain!!」

Reiner unwillingly tasted the true power of Hinata who he underestimated as a weak person.

Coupled with the surprise of his strongest attack missed, he was unable to react to Hinata’s attack.

Hinata’s blow accurately pierced through Reiner’s heart.

(Only this extent! With my『Body Recovery ex』, I can regenerate even a heart――

And then, I will no longer forgive this woman. I’ll kill you, you female fox!)

Reiner admonished himself for being careless and swore to seriously kill Hinata next time.

However ――

(Ha? What, why the pain…... ha?)

Reiner tried to activate his『Body Recovery ex』 to restore the wound he received, but the ability won’t active……

Not just that skill, even the effect of the skill of the body control series such as『Pain Sense Blockade』『Physical Condition Control』had also disappeared.

「Gugiyaooooooーーーーー」

Reiner was gasping and writhing in pain.

For a long time, Reiner didn’t feel pain due to the effect of『Pain Perception Blockade』, but now he felt intense fear and suffering.

That’s one of the abilities of Hinata’s weapon.

『Dead End Pain』 which activate at the time of the 6th attack.

After sealing off the enemy’s abilities, the effect of complete destruction of the spiritual body began after three minutes.

It was a frightening ability which wouldn’t let the enemy fell to madness and kill them while making them feel despair and pain.

The pain of their soul destroyed is not physical pain.

A person who received this attack might felt the three minutes as if it’s an eternity.

「Good night. Have a good dream.」

Hinata spoke gently like putting Reiner to sleep.

And then, Hinata gazes at Reiner who writhing in agony with a satisfied feeling.

(Oh well. The pain that I received, I had returned it back ten thousand times.)

Satisfied, Hinata loses her interest in Reiner.

The pain was not repaid back ten thousand times, but Hinata didn’t really care.

Anyway, the hopeless situation was averted.

That’s most important than anything else.

Rolling on the ground, Reiner was screaming.

However, no one tried to help him.

The soldiers who were instigated by Reiner and the prince were also unable to determine to correct action as they try to understand the situation.

With the appearance of Hero Masayuki who is the hero of the people, the public opinion had gone away from Reiner and co.

The prince’s confession was decisive.

Being the royal family’s guard is the duty of the Guard Knights, but there’s no reason for them to defend a regicide.

In this place, there’s no one who swore their loyalty to Prince Elrick.

At the same time, it’s obvious there’s no righteousness in their leader, Reiner.

「Wh-what we should do now……?」

The knights and soldiers were trembling.

Seeing everyone currently, as the chance has arrived, Masayuki stands up.

「Everyone! Which side is correct, and which side is wrong? I think it’s obvious if you look at this spectacle.

If all of you are wise, all of you will know the correct answer even if I don’t say it――

Please, I want you all to believe in that answer. I also want to believe in everyone!」

Actually, Masayuki still had hesitation.

The development was too fast, he didn’t catch up with the situation.

However, his instinct told him that this is the biggest chance to lead the people opinion.

So as not to be his own opinion, he decided to induce the people with provisional wording.

(It’s perfect. Like this, even if I make a mistake, I won’t be blamed.)

Masayuki was praising himself inside his mind.

「Ooh, Masayuki-sama is trusting us……」

「What have we done!」

「If we must to meet Masayuki-sama’s expectation――」

In response to Masayuki’s words, the knights threw away their sword and kneeled.

Their act shows that they have no hostility against Masayuki.

Seeing the knights like that, relieved mood begins to flow through the people.

And then――

「Hero-sama seem to have straightened out the problem……」

「The prince have the king――」

「But, luckily we have Hero Masayuki-sama!」

「The mastermind is the Knight Leader, Reiner.」

「That’s mean, Hinata-sama is……」

「But, it’s Masayuki-sama who see the truth and save Hinata-sama from the predicament!?」

「As expected from Hero-sama!」

In this way, naturally, Masayuki’s exploits had increased

It spread quickly among the people,

『MA~SAYUKII, MA~~SAYUKII!!』

It didn’t take a long time for it to be the usual grand cheering.

Masayuki raised one hand awkwardly to response the people while having stiff cheeks.

He had teary eyes inside his mind.

However, that was a usual occurrence too.

After waiting for the place to quiet down, Hinata walked to Masayuki.

And then she held out her right hand,

「I have been indebted to you.」

So, she requested a handshake from Masayuki.

Masayuki felt nervous as he looked at Hinata closely due to her beauty.

There were a lot of beautiful women in Tempest, but Hinata’s pretty face had a different peculiar charm from them.

Masayuki trying to respond Hinata’s request and panicky rubbing his hands.

But――

As Masayuki was charmed by Hinata, he tripped by a pebble and like a skilled mime he fallen down on his feet.

As the result…...

He felt a soft sensation on his right hand.

And he felt hair smoothly tickling his cheek……

A sweet smell that made his mind astray stimulates his nose.

(Wh-why it becomes like this……)

To the rest of the event, Masayuki can’t see the reality for a moment.

(Or rather, this feeling on my right hand, it’s like touching a finest quality cushion, it can’t be……)

That’s right.

Masayuki stumbled and just like that he pushed down Hinata.

Carefully, his right hand was groping Hinata’s plump breast.

Even to this extent, he’s a lucky pervert.

However, it was Masayuki who feared that the result will be frightening.

When Masayuki tried to stand up and making an excuse while his face turning pale ――

(Huh? What just now……)

Masayuki realized that something passed over his head.

He felt a shock as if something passed through the back of his head.

(Oh! From where did I get sniped!?)

However, it was somewhat different from Masayuki’s imagination.

Masayuki realized that it was the shockwave that arrived late, not the attack.

In other words, the attack passed with a little difference when Masayuki fell down.

If Masayuki didn’t get tripped by the pebble, his life would be gone.

「Tch. Impossible―― for you to evade my assassination!?」

A person appeared in front of Masayuki and co, raising his astonished voice.

A man who is dressed in black priest outfit, pure white wings sprouted from his back.

He’s the leader of the Executioners, Arios.

Masayuki was confused due to the appearance of an unfamiliar man. He’s not able to catch up with the situation completely.

However, Venom who was guarding Masayuki immediately responds to the situation.

「Well done, as expected from Masayuki. I have been vigilant, but sorry!

I couldn’t grasp any presence of that guy at all. Masayuki, you noticed him well.」

Saying those words, Venom came in front of Masayuki.

Without noticing that Masayuki who heard it was turning pale.

In fact, Venom was always scanning for any presences while guarding Masayuki.

It didn’t mean he let down his vigilant, but he couldn’t catch the enemy’s presence at all. In other words, the man in front of him was a very dangerous person.

「I don’t know what your purpose it, but if you want to lay your hand on Masayuki, I’ll be your opponent. It’s alright, Masayuki?」

「Eh? Ah, yes――」

Masayuki nods instinctively.

In the first place, Masayuki thinks that’s unreasonable for him to fight the enemy.

If Venom wanted to take his place, there’s no reason for him to refuse.

And, to Masyuki who was still confused, he heard reliable voices.

「Masayuki an-chan, we also here! We will show growth here!」

「If Masayuki-san watching, we can be relieved too!」

「Onii-chan, please see Alice and co’s efforts!」

Masayuki worried about how to reply to the children.

He was wondering of letting the children to fight in this trip.

(But, the children are actually stronger than me…… It can’t be helped right!)

In the end, he decided to approve them.

「Well, how long do you intend to groping my chest?」

Masayuki jumped back panicking at that word.

「I-I’m sorry. It-it’s not on purpose……」

Masayuki can’t make a good excuse, but his word is interrupted by Hinata.

「I understand. On the contrary, I want to thank you. That man was aiming at me right?」

That said, Hinata was thanking Masayuki.

(Well, I didn’t aim for it …… I feeling relieved of what happened though…..)

He wanted to say that, but Masayuki felt that destruction was waiting for him if he said it, he had no choice but to kept silent.

Actually, Arios’ target was Hinata.

The reason was one.

It was because Yuuki used to be worried about Hinata before.

Although she was not special existence anymore, he was still anxious.

He thought he should deal with her quickly as she was not a person worthy enough for him to kill.

However, as he knew Reiner and co’s plan, he tried to assassinate Hinata during the gap.

Velda declared that don’t aim at the royal capital, he didn’t want to interfere as much as possible but――

Reiner failed.

Therefore, he thought that he would assassinate her in an instant and immediately withdraw.

However, He failed.

Masayuki’s luck had thwarted the timing of Arios’s plan.

「It’s can’t be helped for things to be like this. Sadly, I’ll have everyone dead!」

「Shut up! I’m strong, you know? We have Masayuki here too!」

Venom responded to Arios’ statement fearlessly.

And so, the fight started quietly.





Chapter 223: Royal Capital Disturbance -Evacuation-


Behind Venom who was fighting Arios, were the children who were also holding their weapons up with Kenya as their lead.

Venom without being roused up, started attacking Arios without worrying about the children

Naturally moving as if he was walking, he rushed at Arios like a cannonball ignoring gravity and inertia.

And he reached the maximum speed immediately not giving time for Arios to prepare.

「Doom Enemy[1]!!」

The claws on Venom’s hands grew longer and dyed in black

And while releasing “Wave of Division”, he approached Arios.

However――

「――how naïve.」

Before anyone was aware, Arios was gripping a sword and swung it.

His sword shone like it was releasing radiance and cut off Venom’s claws with extreme speed.

Arios’ expression didn’t change as if it’s a natural result.

He looked at Venom just like looking at a bug.

Such condescending behavior was that of an overwhelming powerful person to those who was weaker.

However, his expression was distorted due to unexpected situation. Pain ran through Arios’ arm.

「Hahaa, serve you right~! Luckily, two of it stuck in right?」

Venom pointed it out and sprouting a smile.

As what Venom said, two claws had stuck in Arios’ arm.

「You bastard, is this your aim from the start?」

「Nope, it isn’t like that. I thought I’d kill you by the first strike.

However, I thought that even if you grazed by one would be good. Well. I’m so lucky again today.」

「You jester―― I will no longer hold back then.」

「Stupid~! Fighting without holding back from the beginning, such a thing should be the basic you know!」

Towards Arios who was dyed with anger, Venom was thoughtfully cheerful.

However, in contrast to his attitude, there’s no gap in his stance. With his cut claws already regenerated, Venom’s consciousness focused on Arios.

That’s natural.

From the exchange just now, Venom was convinced that Arios was an overwhelmingly powerful person.

(Hee! As I expected, there’s something that I can’t perceive even inside of where my surveillance are.

Certainly, he’s higher ranking than me……

But, it’s not because he’s fast that I can’t see his movement.

That means that it was due to his ability that I can’t detect him from the start, I’m sure my thinking isn’t wrong――

He’s stronger than me, no doubt about it, but it’s not like I can’t win.

In that case, it’s so convenient. I will kill this guy and take that power!)

While fighting, Venom felt laughter almost spilled out from his mouth.

Even if he defeats low ranking enemies, he can’t obtain more power.

Therefore, he thought this time was a chance for him. It’s a chance for him to defeat a high ranked enemy and obtained more power.

(I’m lucky. Masayuki is here, this guy will become a high-quality food for me!)

If Arios’ strength is comparable to the high ranking people of Rimuru’s closest aides――That’s on Diablo’s class―― and if Arios has an isolation ability, Venom would have no chance to win.

But, Venom noticed that Arios has no such ability.

Now that Venom was able to percept Arios’ movement, it probably meant that he couldn’t use that ability.

Arios was not an unreachable existence, Venom concluded so.

Currently, Masayuki’s ability had increased Venom’s luck.

It also exerted another effect on Venom, his strength increased unbelievably.

He can evade an inevitable attack for some reason, and attack that unlikely to hit was able to hit.

The evidence was the two poison claws stuck on Arios before.

In this lucky state, he believes that poison that shouldn’t work will have an effect.

If that’s so, there’s no need to hesitate.

Venom believed in himself and Masayuki, and was going to challenge Arios who’s stronger.

Masayuki stands with his arms folded while watching Venom’s fight.

Honestly, rather than looking at it, he can understand the fight to some extent from the sparks that occurs once in a while.

It’s not a speed that can be followed by eyes, Masayuki’s just pretending that he’s watching.

(Or rather, I can’t do anything like that you know.)

Because it’s no longer inside his area of understanding, the feeling of fear has weakened.

Since Masayuki decided to entrust the fight completely to Venom, Masayuki thinks about what’s going to happen later.

The most important thing for Masayuki is his own safety.

The children seem to wait for their chance to take part in the fight, and eagerly watching the fight between Venom and Arios.

Turning his gaze to the children, Masayuki ponders.

(They are stronger than me. If that’s so, I think it would be safer together……

Or rather, why are they here?)

Masayuki finally feels the doubt about it.

When Masayuki comes to the capital, the children had already saved Hinata from the crisis.

Masayuki appeared at a good timing, in a favorable place, but he never aimed for that.

It just happened that the timing match with his arrival with his companions by Venom’s transfer magic.

It wasn’t like they had acted together till then.

「Hey, Kenya! Why are you guys here?」

Although it’s too late, Masayuki asks Kenya.

Masayuki’s behavior was too natural, like not thinking about the fight――Although saying that he’s ignoring as he can’t see the fight won’t be wrong――in the people’s eyes, but he didn’t notice it.

He felt he needs to ask the question for his safety later on.

He wanted to withdraw from this dangerous place quickly, but he thought that he needs a reason for that.

「Ah, An-chan[2]. Actually, Alice is――」

「Uhhh, with my ability『Perceiver (Space Wiseman)[3]』, I somehow know that danger is approaching Hinata Onee-chan!」

「Because Alice makes a racket, we somehow do it……」

「For that reason, we came to help Hinata-san.」

「We got stronger thanks to Hakurou-shishou and Agera-Shishou’s training you know!

Right now we might not lose to Masayuki An-chan!」

So, the children answer Masayuki’s question together.

(What are they saying…… From the start, they were stronger you know……)

While thinking so, Masayuki consents with “I see”.

「I see, I didn’t think that you guys would be here.」

「We too, we didn’t think that An-chan would come.」

「Yes. But, if you didn’t come Hinata Onee-chan might have been killed…… Onii-chan, thank you!」

「Eh!? Ah, I guess so. Well, no need to worry if I’m here.」

Masayuki feels the sweats flowing on his back increased to the unexpected overestimation.

Aside from that……

Apparently, Masayuki concludes that the enemy’s aim certainly to be Hinata.

(Well, what should I do? The enemy is aiming for Hinata-san, but I’m near her so I would be in danger too……)

Masayuki thought so, but the children said that they came here to protect Hinata.

He’d like to run away with transfer magic but Venom is fighting, it was difficult to run away from this place.

Although the enemy seems not going to interfere with the city and the citizens, the damage seemed to be massive due to stray attacks.

While thinking so, Masayuki draws a conclusion that the safest place is next to Hinata who the children will protect.

「Alright, then I’ll be next to Hinata-san. Because I’ll protect you in case of something up.」

Standing naturally next to Hinata, Masayuki spoke without any hesitation.

But, that’s not the only reason.

Masayuki had something he wants to protect above all else.

The warmth left in his right hand ―― that’s right, the memory of the warmth and softness of Hinata’s breast.

(Losing such wonderful things, I will never allow it!)

With Masayuki’s intense determination, the effect of his ability increased to the maximum.

――While it’s a Unique Skill, it’s enough to reach the truth of the world.

As the result, the space called Lucky Field[4] which gives tremendous blessing to people Masayuki considers as ally expanded, that’s unintended by Masayuki.

「Hmm, as expected that angel-like guy is beyond my capabilities….. I can barely follow the movements.

Compared to that, your friend is amazing. He can somehow fight against that guy……

Truly amazing……」

Hinata nods to Masayuki’s word.

And then she continues,

「Well then, let’s us do the thing that we can do now.

I think that will be helping the people escape from this place.

Nicholas, we will spread defense barrier in this place!

Sealing the aftereffect of that fight, it will become the people’s shield!」

She shouts with vigor.

Based on that Girl’s belief, Hinata started to do what can be done now.

She doesn’t think of an outrageous thing such as she wanted to save everyone, but helping people that need help in front of her ―― that’s the way Hinata lived.

That’s the thing that led to confidence, Hinata understood that well.

「With pleasure!」

「Understood, Hinata-sama.」

‌「Leave it to me!」

Responding to her are Nicholas, Leonard and Fritz.

Following Hinata’s orders, the three ran to three sides. And then, a square with Hinata as the top is formed.

And so, with 4 holy knight class people, the defense barrier was spread.

Holy Field will be effective if the enemy is a monster, but this time there’s Venom here and the enemy has the appearance of an angel.

If they’re carelessly put holy attribute barrier, it will be a hindrance instead.

With that in mind, they chose Material Shield (Holy and Magic Defense Barrier).

It was a barrier with the purpose to block explosion impact, heat etc, that’s all elements.

Thus, Hinata plans to temporarily earn some time for the people to escape.

In align with Hinata’s action,

「Hinata onee-chan! We’ll also help!」

Alice said so and synchronized the effect of Space Barrier of Unique Skill『Perceiver』 with Hinata and co’s barrier.

As the result, the Material Shield deployed by Hinata and co was reinforced greatly.

Looking at that, Gale went out ahead.

「Well, I think my Unique Skill『Cultivator (Reclamator)[5]』will be useful!」

Gale’s Unique Skill『Cultivator』was originally an ability suitable for agriculture, but depending on how to use it, it was an excellent ability with various applications.

Interfering with the earth, Gale covers the plaza on the people side with soils that turned hard.

Gale synchronized with the spirit of earth, on that moment a protective wall as strong as steel was completed.

A wall instantly appeared in front of the people. Naturally, the people were shaken.

After Gale are Kenya and Ryouta.

「Alrighty! We will knock down that guy.

My eyes have gradually accustomed and become able to see that guy’s movement.

I don’t think Masayuki An-chan’s turn will come!」

「We’re also quite trained.

However, it’s reassuring that Masayuki-san is watching us!」

Saying such words, Kenya and Ryouta participated in the fight.

「Ah. When it’s dangerous, I’ll protect you both!」

Kenya and Ryouta replied with a nod.

(I never decided so though.)

So Masayuki thought.

As it becomes like this, Masayuki has no other choice but to believe that Venom and the children will defeat the enemy.

It’s a miscalculation for Masayuki that Kenya and Ryouta participated in the fight.

He thought that they will keep protecting Hinata.

However, the cornerstone of the defense, that’s Gale and Alice are still here.

Hinata and co’s barrier seems to have been reinforced, although it’s not going as Masayuki has planned originally, his safety is secured for the time being.

(Hmm. Like this, it would be better not to make an unnecessary move.)

Masayuki made a decision and decided to deal with the remaining trouble quickly.

That’s the gaze of the people around the place.

Because Masayuki is Masayuki, he wants the people to go somewhere quickly.

「Everyone, please calm down and leave the plaza! If there’s a place where you can take refuge in――」

Masayuki is trying to keep the people away while showing his cool side to Hinata.

His plan is one.

When the situation turns worst, he will run away.

He thought that to make it easy for him to escape at any times, having fewer people here is better.

However, the people received his words in another meaning.

「Hero-sama, he is worried about us……」

「Idiot, it’s different! We are in his way. If he’s fighting seriously, we’ll get involved!」

「Is that so? So that’s why he let the small apprentices fight……」

「That’s right. If Masayuki-sama himself fights, there’s no doubt he’ll win.

But then, we will get hurt too!」

「We’re hindrances to him!?」

Well, like that.

Naturally, they misunderstood Masayuki’s true motive.

「Everyone, please run to the royal castle. There’s a large-scale barrier set up in that place.

Although the angel’s army will come to attack it, it will take time for the barrier to break.

In order to let Hero-dono to fight freely, a smooth evacuation will be better――」

A man suggested so towards the people who try to flee from the plaza.

That man is Prince Elrick who confessed his own crime.

His face is like someone who had been released from evil spirit’s grasp, his eyes are of a person who prepared and decide to accept anything.

「Prince――」

Even the knights are surprised for a moment.

「Everyone! Did you hear it? Please move calmly, there’s enough space for everyone in the castle.

So there’s no one injured by panic, please leave this place calmly.

Leave the rest to Hero-sama!」

One of the knights issued instructions to the people with a large voice.

And then that knight ordered to the soldiers who were bewildered by the turn of the events to guide the populace and prepare to receive them in the castle.

Apparently, the man was the Knight Order’s vice leader, receiving the order the knights promptly started to move.

Attached to them, the soldiers also began to move.

People began moving like water from the plaza.

“We need to evacuate quickly so Masayuki-sama will be able to actively taking part in the fight” with that in their hearts.

Thus, there were only a few people left in this place.

* * *

[1] 滅殺分断破(ドゥームエネミー) Messatsu Bundan Ha (Dūmu enemī), the kanji means Annihilating Dividing Crush/Tear.

[2] It’s a contraction from Ani (Elder brother). Just like Aniki.

[3] 空識者(キヅクモノ) Sora/Kuu Shikisha (Kidzuku mono), the kanji 空 can means Sky, Void, Empty, Space, Shikisha= Well-informed person, Wise man. Kidzuku= to Notice, to recognize, to perceive. Mono= person, so the one who perceive/Notice= Perceiver.

[4] 幸運領域(ラッキーフィールド) Kouun Ryouki (Rakkī fīrudo), Lucky/Fortune Domain.

[5] 造成者(タガヤスモノ) Zouseisha (Tagayasu mono), Someone who reclaim/clear/prepare field/land. Tagayasu= To till/plow/cultivate = The one who till/plow/cultivate land = Cultivator. Feel free to suggest better name.





Chapter 224: Royal Capital Disturbance -Defeat-


Venom and Arios’ fight continued in the plaza outside the church.

The outlook was bad for Venom.

The difference in their strength can’t be covered with just luck, but it could be said that he’d been fighting pretty well.

(Tch! As I expected, this is hard.)

Venom thought so while regenerating the left arm that had been cut.

At this rate, his defeat was just a matter of time.

It hadn’t been three minutes since the fight started.

However, he could sense that the people had begun evacuating from the place, Venom guessed that Masayuki had conducted it well.

He buying some time seemed to be turning out well.

(Well now. To defeat this guy, my power is definitely not enough. If there’s some kind of chance ――）

Even though he knew that the situation is getting worse gradually, he has no other choice but to continue with the intense offense and defense.

In order to break from this situation, Venom needs to think of a plan――

「We’re late, but we’ll help!」

「I will try my best not to hold you down!」

The arrival of Kenya and Ryouta changed the situation.

「You kids, I don’t want to be hated by Agera, so don’t die!」

Venom shouted while dealing with Arios’ attack.

To be honest, Venom was irritated of the idea of borrowing the children’s power.

However, his defeat is just a matter of time, so it’s not the time to complain.

(Both of them are strong! Well, I will use them.)

That was what Venom really thinks.

「I get it! Shishou has said it many times.」

「Yea. If we died here without his permission, Shishou would probably kill you……」

The two said so.

And then,

「For that reason, let’s go all out!」

「Kenya, we’re using that?」

「Yeah! Spiritual Armament・Reforged―― Activate!」

Glittering lights wrapped both Kenya and Ryouta.

And then, the arms they got from Rimuru were worn on their body.

It was the armor that Rimuru made with Hinata’s spiritual armaments as the reference.

Its performance is better than the unique class spiritual armament used by the holy knight, but it hasn’t reach legend class.

However, it could be said that the arms will grow according to the growth of the person who wearing it, it’s the newest product that should be called as Advanced Weapon (Evolving Type Arms).

Above all else, the equipment has good compatibility with the children who integrated with spirit in their body.

Although Rimuru had experimented and made a lot as a hobby and it will go wasteful lying around, such is the reason why he gave it to the children……

He would never imagine that it would be useful in this place.

Arios seemed to perceive the danger, as there was a slight impatience in his expressionless face.

So does Venom.

(Heh, those kids…… they have almost the same energy amount as me!?

I thought they might be strong, but to be this extent……)

Venom was amazed.

In fact, Ryouta is about half of Venom’s. As for Kenya, Venom felt the energy is almost equal to his.

Their skill is trained by Agera.

Venom finds a good chance to win with the reinforcement that stronger than he thought.

And so the fight will be fiercer.

While watching the children’s participation, Hinata muttered.

「It can’t be, spiritual armaments……? That is the church’s secret arms that can’t be used by holy knight unless they were loved by the spirits ―― for it to be easily mass produced, as expected from the abnormal Demon Lord Rimuru……」

Her impression was mixed with surprise and admiration.

Everyone from the church have a similar expression with Hinata.

Apart from Nicholas who is a magician, Leonard and Fritz were lost for words.

Naturally, it’s because looking at 12 or 13 years old children showing more fighting power than a holy knight.

Above all else ――

「Moreover, Elemental Knight (Spirit Knight), is it?

My master, Izawa Shizue had talked about―― the ultimate fusion form of human and spirit.

Neither Shizu-san nor I can reach it, the strongest knight.

――is that the appearances of those with Hero’s Egg hatched?」

「Surpassing the holy knight, humanity’s strongest knight―― the Elemental Knight…..」

「Well done Masayuki-dono, you trained those children splendidly!」

「Ehh!? A, ah. Rather than my training, I’d said it’s those children’s power……」

When such topic suddenly brought up, Masayuki hurriedly denied it.

(What I taught to them is just special move poses I saw in manga! How can it be called as a training!?)

Masayuki denied it while being tired with the same flow of event.

「Hahaha, don’t be so humble! Even if you didn’t say it, everyone knows it!」

Saying anything is useless, so it’s reflected in his companions’ faces as Masayuki trying to hiding his embarrassment.

And, the same excitement runs through those who heard the conversation, quickly hope rises inside them.

To Hero Masayuki’s companions.

To the people who evacuating.

To the knights and soldiers who guide the populace.

「Do you hear it? They seem to be stronger than Hinata-sama who is the strongest holy knight!」

「Hero? Are those children Hero too?」

「They are Hero Masayuki’s apprentice….. So a Hero’s apprentice is also a Hero――」

「Then there’s no need to be scared of just a single angel right?」

「What, it’s not a big deal, right?」

「Stupid! That’s wrong. Hero Masayuki-sama is amazing you know!」

「I see, that’s right. As expected of Masayuki-sama!」

And so, like this, the people’s anxiety dissolved with great speed.

As a result, the people who were trembling and agitated have calmed down, and so they continued the evacuation smoothly without problem.

Masayuki learnt that anything he says is useless.

(That’s enough, if with that…… if with that everyone’s anxiety gone, I’m fine with it!)

Afterwards, Masayuki concludes that his task is to stand up with confidence face, and so he takes the stance to watching the fight attentively.

For this reason, there’s something only Masayuki noticed.

(Eh? Wasn’t Kenya’s group is a party of five?)

So, one of them is missing from the group.

(They are Kenya, Ryouta, Gale, Alice. Eh? Who’s the other one? Umm, maybe I’m mistaken. I only know 4 people.)

Although he has notice it with great effort, Masayuki concluded that it’s just misunderstanding.

Because they children influenced by Masayuki were only four people, that was the truth in a certain way.

Masayuki quickly switches his thought and prayed for Venom’s victory.

And so, about the fight――

Venom was in one-side defensive fight until the situation changed completely with the children’s participation.

Venom creating a gap in Arios’ defense which then Kenya attacks.

It became a coordinated attack.

The secret was『Telepathy』.

Venom allocated some of his computing process and enabled『Telepathy』with the children.

With this, it’s possible for them to communicate with super high speed thought.

While the three are fighting, they were in a conference at the same time.

『Listen kids. You guys can fight somewhat, but you guys are still weak.

Therefore, don’t overconfident with your power, do only what you can do.』

『Roger that!』

『Understood!』

Kenya and Ryouta delightedly answers, Venom begins to instruct the strategy.

『Ryouta, you’ll be our defense.

We’re lucky that your attributes are water and wind.

While healing me and Kenya when we are injured with water attribute, devote yourself in defense with help of wind attribute.

Listen, the strategy is messed up if you’re injured. Be careful!』

『Yes!』

『I’ll be attacking with the assumption of getting injured . I’m expecting your healing.

However, healing magic of holy system which will damage a demon is no good. I’ll kill you if you making a mistake!』

『Don’t, don’t worry. I’ve studied, I’ll not make a mistake!』

『Alright! But, prioritize your own safety. Don’t make a mistake, okay?』

『Okay!』

The key of the strategy was Ryouta’s healing.

Like this, Venom doesn’t need to worry about healing himself as he’s keep on attack.

Well, even if Ryouta failed, Venom thought that he will manage somehow due to Masayuki’s luck.

It’s because he can’t win against Arios unless he takes a drastic strategy.

Next, Venom instructs Kenya.

『Kenya, you will focus on offensive.

Although there’s healing from Ryouta, I want the healing to be focused on me.

So, I want you to use your strongest attack at the time that it will surely hit.

Get it? No need to do the impossible.

If you get inured too much, Ryouta’s healing won’t catch up.

Because I will desperately seal that guy’s movement, you must think a way to make him accumulate damage without panicking.』

『I get it! In short, Venom-san will be the Tank, right?』

Venom nods to Kenya’s question.

He often heard the term during the training in the labyrinth, Tank is a vanguard who tanking vigorous attacks of melee type monster single handedly.

Judging that Kenya has understood the strategy, Venom continued his explanation.

『Exactly. So, listen! That guy seemed to be a former human, he still relying on his eyes when fighting.

That is his weakness, understand?』

『Yes! We had been taught by Hakurou-Shishou and Agera-Shishou.

Or rather, when I rely too much on my eyes, my eyes got crushed you know? That’s a common sense!』

Venom nods to those words.

Using Full Potion, any body part loss can be recovered.

With such reasoning, Hakurou and Agera seemed to have calmly crushed the clueless children’s eyes and trained them.

(Those two, they are Demon……)

Kenya and co seems to accept the training without a problem.

“They have become stronger…..” So Venom convinced inside his mind.

『Alright, it’s good if you two understand it.

That guy didn’t lose his habits from when he was a human, he’s unconsciously protecting his eyes and important organs.

We use that against him and attack.

However! Pay attention to his sword.

Defending against it is pointless, don’t think of stopping the sword with a weapon』

『Understood! It feels more dangerous than Zegion-san’s『Absolute Severance』.』

Venom smiles and laughs when he heard Kenya’s response.

In fact, the power of Arios’ sword was above Zegion’s『Absolute Severance』.

Although, even if both are same in the point that you can’t defend against it, Venom thought that Zegion’s ability that doesn’t need to rely on a medium like a sword to be more troublesome.

In any case, Venom can only praise Kenya for being able to see accurately the opponent’s strength.

As expected from Hakurou and Agera’s training, Venom raised his valuation of Kenya.

And so, confident with the success of the strategy, he’s fired up to put it into practice.

『Alright! Well, you guys don’t be unreasonable okay. Well then, Game Start!』

Through such exchanges, the fight against Arios begun.

With Ryouta as support, Venom attacks Arios with everything he got in order to breakthrough his defense, Kenya then attacks Arios in the gaps.

Arios who receiving the attacks, shown a bit agitation on his face, but he immediately dealt with it calmly as he didn’t get any fatal wound.

Although, by unconsciously evading attacks that he doesn’t need to evade as Arios is a spiritual life-form, he didn’t notice that he receives attacks that shouldn’t hit.

Arios fell completely into Venom’s plan.

There were reasons why Arios didn’t notice Venom’s plan.

The first one is he should have already defeated the opponent who is lower-rank than him normally, which make him feels irritated.

But the problem was that his original power was sealed.

By Velda’s order, he was forbidden to attack the downtown area.

For Arios who violated the order and acted individually, violating the order more than this is taboo.

Therefore, he was restricted in using his Ultimate Skill『Weapon Lord (Sword Weapon)』.

As Venom and co felt, if Arios unleash the sword’s power, he can release “Severance Wave” which cut everything.

However, the power is too big and it will affect the city as well.

Arios was placed in a situation where he could do nothing but to fight Venom and co with such restriction.

This was all due to the effect of the『Lucky Field』 created by Masayuki.

Arios who looking down on his lower-ranked opponent, but unaware he was caught in a dilemma.

(It can’t be, for these annoying people…… They’re standing in front of me with their half-baked ability――)

While being annoyed, only time will passes as he will not receive any decisive attack.

Getting impatient about that, Arios didn’t notice that he gradually losing his calmness.

If he was calm, he would give up on killing Hinata and quickly withdraw.

However, Arios didn’t make such option.

It was like his thought disturbed and can’t make clear decision.

As a result――

「Now! Finish off this guy together with me!」

So Venom shouted.

Arios’ sword which pierced Venom’s stomach can’t be pulled out as it had been ensnared by Venom’s magic power.

He has no problem erasing the sword once, but he will receive Kenya’s attack directly in that case――

「Kenya, leave Venom-san ‘s healing to me!」

「Uoooooooohーーーーー！Unlimited・Justice Bringer[1]!!」

A single flash.

Arios whose decision gets derailed by hesitation for a moment receives a direct hit from Kenya’s strongest attack.

Even Venom who suppressing Arios, was cut in two by the terrifying sword attack.

Kenya’s enhanced spiritual power could exceed the limit for a brief moment. That’s because the divine protection of spirit of light which fused with Kenya ――

Worthy as a future Hero, he reached the level where he can destroy even an awakened demon lord.

In other words……

「Im, impossible――」

With those as his last words, Arios was swallowed by the torrent of light and disappeared.

“They did it!” That’s Masayuki’s impression.

Kenya’s technique was amazing, but his pose of accumulating power closely resembled the special move from manga that Masayuki taught.

(Ehh!? That becomes a really amazing power――）

Although he was dumbfounded by many things, he can only accept the reality.

「Yes, as I expected. Kenya, you seem to have mastered the technique I taught you perfectly!」

Masayuki praised Kenya with a refreshing smile ――His inner thoughts aside――

「Masayuki an-chan, did you see it? I did it!」

Masayuki nodded to Kenya who smiling.

Cheers of the people who were delayed in evacuation began reverberating, announcing the end of the fight.

(Like this, Kenya might stand out as a Hero more than me from now, I think it’s a good thing!)

While thinking it’s convenient for him and sprouted a smile, Masayuki didn’t notice that his smiling face charmed everyone.

Meanwhile.

「Hey, please heal me quickly!」

Despite being cut in two, Venom seems to have escaped from the torrent of light somehow and making a fuss.

Ryouta, Alice, Hinata and also Nicholas came running, everyone use healing magic and so Venom regenerated without problem.

「Of course! Self-sacrificing myself, it doesn’t suit me at all!」

Venom hiding his embarrassment while saying such thing.

However, Venom has secretly obtained the source of Ultimate Skill『Weapon Lord (Sword Weapon) 』as he shrewdly stole Arios’ energy.

It was exactly as Venom‘s calculation.

Normally it’s a strategy with low chances to succeed when put into action, but his decision that it was worth to try it was correct thanks to Masayuki’s presence.

Venom wins the gamble and obtained more power.

When Venom was healed and things calmed down.

「Huh? Where is Kuu-chan?」

Ryouta looked around and asked such question.

Noticing the same thing, Kenya also searching the surroundings restlessly.

「Ah, Kuu-chan is gone. She goes out as she pleases again……」

「Kuu-chan liked unusual things after all!」

Gale and Alice let out a sigh, they answered like they gave up on the matter.

「Again? It can’t be helped then…… Since we slipped out to come here, it would be bad if she doesn’t return soon though……」

Kenya’s worry is not about the person called Kuu-chan who seems to be their companion, it was towards the fact that if they didn’t return quickly, their absent would be found out and get scolded.

「Who is Kuu-chan?」

To Masayuki’s question, the children answer all together『A friend!』.

“Ah, they’re a group of five from the start after all.’ While thinking so, Masayuki stopped thinking any more by understanding that it was another child he didn’t know.

There’s no need to be worried now as the enemy is beaten.

The children start to search for their friend in order to return back quickly.

And so, Masayuki and co was busy with the clean up afterwards in order to eliminate the anxiety from the people of royal capital as they originally intended.

　−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−

In the sky over the royal capital of Ingrassia Kingdom.

‘Damn it!’ while shouting so, Arios spits out a rough breath.

Arios managed to escape from the worst situation thanks to『Duplicate Body』 that he prepared just in case.

(It’s not time to get flustered. If I’m thinking calmly, I can grasp that the enemy’s fighting strength is significant.

That brat has such much power. But, knowing it now there’s――）

However――

「Fumufumu. As expected, everyone think alike. It’s as Rimuru-sama says.[2]」

Arios’ thought was interrupted as he heard an innocent child’s voice.

To not get noticed by Arios who specialized in stealth, “who the hell is this person!?’ with that in his mind, Arios turns around in astonishment.

A young girl with black hair was standing there.

No, it was not a young girl.

It was a very bewitching and beautiful woman which makes him wonder why he mistakenly saw her as a young girl for some reason.

Her beautiful mix of silver and gold long hair flowed gently down her back.

Staring into her eyes, Arios was shocked to the extent that he couldn’t breathe.

「I’m Kumara.[3]

Lord of the mythical beasts, the faithful servant of the Great Demon Lord Rimuru-sama.

“Chimeric Lord” Kumara, it’s I.

Well now, the introduction is over, it’s time for farewell.」

Having said those words, Kumara sprouted a charming smile.

「Don’t underestimate me! I don’t care who you are.

This place is far from the city area. Do you know what it means?

It means that in this place I――」

「So noisy. Please be silent!」

Without time for Arios to react――

His neck is in Kumara’s hand.

Kumara’s expression is like she was disappointed.

And then, a sad expression showed on her face……

「I never think that you[4] would be weak like this.

This is due to Venom’s efforts, but how disappointing.」

Kumaru lets out a listless sigh while saying so.

She wants to do great works and get praised by Rimuru, but it can’t be helped as there was almost no turn for her.

What is more problematic than that…..

「Now, I wonder what excuse I’d said to those children……」

How will she explain to the children? That’s what occupying her head.

And then, she returned to her child form again and flew towards the royal capital while worrying.

* * *

[1] 限界突破(アンリミテッド)・正義執行希望斬(ジャスティスブリンガー). Genkai Toppa (Anlimiteddo)・Seigi Shikkou Kibou Zan (Jasutisu Buringaa). The first set of kanji is for Limit Break, the second is for Justice Enforcement Hope Slash.

[2] Kumara talks with de arinsu at the end. It’s a variation of desu like de arimasu de gozaru and so on. Shalltear use de arinsu too

[3] Kumara use Watchi to refer herself. Archaic form of I used in the past by Geisha and Oiran during Edo period.

[4] Kumara use ぬし様 Nushi-sama from おぬし Onushi which is archaic form for you. Pretty much Kumara talks in a polite way.





Chapter 225: Intersected Checkmate


Velda surveyed the situation of the war in various places expressionlessly.

The results are unsatisfactory.

Or rather, it was so disastrous that it may be said to be a total defeat.

In the battle in Milim’s territory, the angels are being expelled as Vega was defeated.

Although it was a large army numbered 200.000 angels, it was a disastrous scene as there were only 10.000 or so remaining as the result of being absorbed by Vega or annihilated by Karion.

Overwhelmed to the point of annihilated.

Victory on this battlefield couldn’t be expected anymore.

Looking at “El Dorado”, the place ruled by Leon, the stalemate continues as there’s no one commanding the angels and the city barrier can’t be broken.

Although he couldn’t see the situation inside the isolated castle by a barrier which disconnected it from the space, Velda knew that Kagali was already defeated.

He gave『Evil Dragon Lord Azi Dahaka』to Kagali’s subordinate called Footman, but it would aim both sides that are inside the place.

The fact that the barrier remains standing means the fight still continues…… but Velda felt an uncomfortable feeling.

The decisive one was Dagruel’s defeat who attacking Holy Empire Ruberios where Ruminas lives in hiding.

Dagruel who is the strongest among the Four Fiends of Heavenly Commanders, his defeat as one who boasts combat capability next to him is something that Velda couldn’t ignore.

The giants of the Chain of Restrain Titan army seemed to stop moving and accept defeat.

(It can’t be, for Veldora to win against Dagruel……

Even when I check the combat data with Velgrind, I can’t find any winning factors――）

It’s vexing, but it was outside his imagination that Veldora won against Dagruel.

「I’m very sorry. In my calculation, for the Four Fiends of Heavenly Commanders, that’s Vega, Kagali and even Dagruel to be defeated is――」

Velda raises his hand to stop Lucia who starts apologizing.

「Oh well. Even in my calculation too, Dagruel’s defeat was not expected.

The question is how to do the next move.」

Dino who’s attacking Demon Lord Rimuru’s headquarters is still alive.

Most of the war potentials were concentrated on this place, but it was because Dino is the one with the most passive combat capability.

As for Milim’s territory, there’s no problem to leave it alone.

Because Demon Lord Milim who was the most important issue had been obtained.

He can ignore Leon’s “El Dorado” too.

As for the reason of the attack in the first place was because he allowed Kazarim’s selfishness who showed an obsession towards Leon, it doesn’t mean that it’s an important place.

As for protecting the Heaven Gate and also cutting the source of the people’s faith, it was important to destroy Holy Empire Ruberios……

The hope of the Western Countries’ people was lost by telling them the annihilation of Demon Lord Rimuru.

In addition to this, if he destroys the headquarters of the Western Holy Church, the people who are resisting would give up in despair.

But ――

(The presences of Veldora and resistance forces in various places keep giving hop to the people.)

That was Velda’s analysis

Even for the Holy Church, it’s only one of them.

It seems that the network between the countries is beyond what he imagined and can’t be looked down.

Velda felt ironic as it was Kagurazaka Yuuki, his host, who created the organization specialized even in information transmission, that’s Freedom Association.

(It won’t be interesting if it’s not like this. Everything would end immediately once I go out, let’s have them resist as much as they want.)

It was more fun than he thought, Velda was satisfied. Next, “Well then, what would they do?” he thought.

In front of him is Lucia.

On her right side is Milim.

Kneeling down below him were the last two of the Executioners, Zero and Mai.

They are his remaining war potentials.

He intends to defeat every one of the Demon Lords and in reverse blame it on Demon Lord Rimuru’s subordinates.

In territorial strategy, it could be said to be his complete defeat. However, the enemy’s “King” that is Demon Lord Rimuru has already been destroyed.

There’s no need to panic so Velda thought.

Above everything else, his true and important goal is to defeat Guy Crimson and Chloe O’Bell who have the possibility to be equal to him.

In fact, if he destroys the strongest people in this world, it would be easy to purge the remaining forces.

Currently, Guy is fighting against Chloe. Also, Velgrind is fighting against Velzard.

Chloe would be free once she defeats Guy, but she wouldn’t be able to point her sword at Velda due to the restriction. However, just in case, he ought to kill her together with Guy.

As long those two perish, it might be possible to persuade Velgrind.

Thinking so, Velda makes Lucia states her opinion.

「It’s about time for Demon Lord Guy Crimson and even the True Hero Chloe O’Bell to be exhausted.

We should send all of our war potential and kill both of them.」

Lucia answered so without hesitation.

Satisfied with her answer, Velda stands up.

「Good! Then, I will give new power to Zero. With this, go to Guy’s place――」

Before he finishes talking, Velda stopped moving.

(Wait…… isn’t they are too easy to be read?

The calculation derived by Lucia is also worrisome as everything ended up with failure.

――Although Demon Lord Rimuru was killed, why there’s no hesitation in that guy’s subordinates’ movement?

Also, Veldora’s action is……

No way, he’s still alive?

If that’s the case, he knew that I’ll be aiming at Guy and the other.

Then…... what I should target at, is Tempest?)

It’s completely unexpected from Lucia who is the strongest Manas.

Although she doesn’t possess Ultimate Skill『Wisdom Lord Raphael』, Lucia’s intellect is very high.

And yet, the result was too unnatural.

「A change of plan. Attack the Monster Country Tempest. Zero, assemble all remaining troops and join Dino.

I’ll give you this, Ultimate Skill『Evil Dragon Lord Azi Dahaka』, it’s almost approaching its completion, accumulated more combat experience.

Master it. Even Ramiris’『Labyrinth Creation』can be broken if you use it.

Go! Trample that place and realize the birth of the new worlddestruction of this world!」

「As your will!」

Receiving Velda’s command, Zero stoop up and went away.

Mai too follows Zero and left the place.

Only Lucia and Milim remain.

Velda calmly sat on his throne and laughed a little.

(If Demon Lord Rimuru is alive, there’s no way he won’t move when Ramiris is in danger.

He will guess that I was going to aim for Guy and ChloeRook and Bishop, but he’s wrong.

Instead, I’ll lure him out and get the checkmate in one go.)

Velda was convinced that Rimuru had survived.

However, as he didn’t show himself, Velda predicted that he might not in perfect condition.

Or maybe, he thought that Velda will move in order to end both Guy and Chloe and awaiting the opportunity to strike at such opening?

Either way, Velda has seen his plan.

(As long I’m in this Sky Castle, I won’t lose. On the contrary, I’ll lure Rimuru out and put an end to him.)

That was Velda’s thought.

「It’s a checkmate, Rimuru! Well, how will you move next?」

The Sky Castle with only Lucia and Milim left was filled with emptiness.

In this place, Velda’s laughter echoed a bit.

His laughter became a small signal announcing the war entered its final phase.

　−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−

Too damn strongーーーーー!!

That Giant Ossan is so absurdly strong!!

I didn’t think that Dagruel has so much power and I’d see Veldora-san fighting with full power.

「Kufufufufu, as expected from Veldora-sama. Even I wouldn’t be able to win against Demon Lord Dagruel with my body intact.」

I’m nodding in admiration as Diablo has the same opinion as me.

As I can feel his confidence from his words, I don’t think that he would lose one-sidedly.

However, for him competing against Veldora in strength is abnormal in the first place. Dagruel is too strong.

I didn’t notice anything that indicated Dagruel would be this strong when I met him before.

Even in the fight just now, Veldora would have lost if he made a mistake.

《Indeed. Without the combat experience from fighting Velgrind, Veldora might have been defeated.》

Ciel-sensei calmly said so, but she seems have not doubted that Veldora would win.

She was probably confident as Veldora’s ability was strengthened by her own hands.

Oh well, that confidence is justified.

Veldrora’s Fertile Paradox has transformed the barren desert into a great forest.

Didn’t he strengthen it too much?

It was refreshing seeing his usual magic experiment.

This ability is too haphazard.

Sacrificing the angel army who was attacking Ruminas’ capital, the land which was poured with excessive energy has splendidly revived.

Absurdly, it seems the angels were not allowed to resist it.

The probability of success was manipulated and it seemed that resisting became impossible.

Indeed, so Veldora-like. What a terrifying guy.

「Kuaahaaahahaa! Actually, I used the magic essence completely! I want a refill.」

Although if he didn’t come back and then demanding like this, I would think that he was such an amazing guy……

I let out a sigh like saying ‘Good grief’, and began transferring my energy to Veldora.

「Hey, the other thing is fine, but Velda won’t know this place right?」

「Of course. Do I look like someone who will make such blunder?」

Veldora-san is so confident.

It’s visible when I asked him, oh well. Let’s think about it when we get exposed.

Besides, Veldora-san’s activity this time is a wonderful work worthy of praise.

He restored the out of order ley line and corrected the distortion of that land.

Thanks to that, there are more cards that this side could play.

He also acted skillfully not to raise Velda’s suspicion.

Therefore, I thought that I will let him taking a large amount of magic essence from me.

Well then, it can be said that the war has completed its first stage.

In Milim’s place, the army lead by Karion had exterminated the angels.

Gobuta was participating in the meeting in Tempest, but it seems that he return back and cooperates with Karion again.

There seems to be some injured soldier from Gobuta’s subordinate, but they recover immediately as a large amount of High Potion seems to be prepared beforehand.

This place will be fine I guess.

Even in Leon’s “El Dorado”, it was a real victory.

While maintaining the barrier, orders were issued on the battlefield.

There’s no problem in here either.

With this, victory in various places except in Tempest is confirmed.

However, Ciel’s strategy is amazing……

What I’m really anxious about is just Gobuta’s fight.

But, there was insurance even for that fight. Because it included the cleaning up afterward as the Devil Lords defeated the Seraphim.

In the worst case, Diablo would go and support them, but I just worried too much.

As for the reinforcement request coming from Mizari, there would be danger for anyone who went there.

However,

《Benimaru is the one who go there. Because Kazarim is related to Gelmudo’s matter.》

Ciel said so, asserting that there was no need for me to issue orders.

There were various things that make me want to go, but it can be said that everything is going as Ciel’s prediction.

From the moment of predicting Dagruel’s betrayal, she prepared Veldora to be lurking in preparation just in case of the worst.

If Veldora didn’t wait for his turn, Shion and the others might not have a hard fight though……

I suspected that this might be a part of Ciel’s strategy so Shion would show some growth.

Well, I don’t think that it’s like that.

Although I was the one who sent Masayuki to various places, it might be just a coincidence that he happened to be there when Hinata facing her crisis.

But, it seems it was Ciel’s intention for the children to go to Ingrassia Kingdom. It’s not surprising as Ciel knows Alice’s Crisis Perception ability and incorporated it into her strategy.

The proof was Kumara going together with the children as their bodyguard.

What caught my eyes next is Masayuki.

That guy’s grasp over people’s hearts seemed to be strengthened to a level that can’t be taken lightly.

I sincerely thought that I’m glad Masayuki is my ally.

However, he helped to wipe out people’s anxiety in various places.

The result is beyond what I intended.

Regarding Masayuki, Ciel didn’t modify his ability, but taking a memo of the acting coaching is Ciel’s idea.

As expected, Ciel had a part even in this matter too.

Seen in this light, it’s terrifying because I see everything is playing right above Ciel’s palm.

Oh well, it’s convenient for me as I want to end this war quickly.

For Velda, I give you my condolences.

There was nothing to say other than he chose the wrong opponent.

Well now, how will he play his move next?

「Well, the battle in various places has ended with our victory, but how do you think Velda will move next?

I don’t think that he will give up in destroying the world, where will be his target next?」

「That’s, it will be the place where Guy, Miss Chloe, Veldora-sama’s sisters are fighting right?」

When I ask him, Diablo answered so.

Yes, the same opinion as me.

Initially, my reason for neglecting the battle in that place is to lure out Velda.

Then, we also moved and waiting for Velda’s arrival or so I thought at first.

《Please wait. Currently, everything is advancing just as planned. As a result, I anticipated a change in enemy’s thought.

Velda has doubted master’s annihilation and convinced that master is alive.

In other words, Velda’s next plan is attacking this city.》

Ciel stated her opinion.

I see, as expected he would feel suspicious.

Because even though I should have ‘died’, my subordinates are still playing an active part in this war.

If you thinking about this, even I will feel something is suspicious too. Oh well, it would be weird if you don’t feel anything suspicious about it.

To predict that it would be like this…… As expected from Ciel-san.

Normally, if I’m the one who came up with the idea and executing it, the differences would be like heaven and earth……

「Then, Velda is aiming at Tempest right?」

《That’s certain.》

「And, his aim is to lure out me who panicked?」

《That’s right. And perhaps, he will send his strongest forces including even anti-labyrinth.》

Anti-Labyrinth ability?

That seems impossible.

That labyrinth is an invincible area, granted with absolute immortality by Ramiris.

As long as we fighting inside it, there’s no way we will lose.

As for the method of capturing the labyrinth, there’s no other way than to destroy the creator that’s Ramiris.

《No. If it spreads it roots in the labyrinth, it’s possible to rewrite the effect. In other words――》

Ah, that’s right.

Hearing Ciel’s explanation, I understood.

Certainly, it may be possible to nullify the labyrinth with such method.

If that comes true, it’s likely that the final decisive battle will be done inside the labyrinth.

I immediately thought about the countermeasures, also I told Benimaru who returned to Tempest about it.

I want to believe that those present there, Ramiris included, will be able to deal with it later.

And then, I converse with Ciel.

「Then, it would be impossible to lure out Velda, right?」

《Yes, I expected so. Conversely, you could say that we succeeded in confining him.》

Exactly as Ciel said, it can be said that Velda shut himself inside the Sky Castle.

Up until now, the location of the Heaven Gate was unknown.

Or rather, due to the raging magic essences in that area, 『Magic Power Perception』can’t be activated smoothly.

For a long time ago until now, the Heaven Gate has been hidden.

However, with Dagruel who is the Gate protector defeated, the disorder of the magic essence was corrected.

What left is only the defense mechanism of the Gate itself……

If it was before, if you aim at the gate, Velda would immediately guess your intention.

And then, before you break the power defending the gate, he would put some countermeasures.

But, right now.

Because of Veldora’s great efforts, the gate has become exposed.

It would be too late for Velda when he realizes our intention as we quickly destroyed the gate and get the checkmate.

An eye for an eye.

As Velda is going to attack my city in order to lure me out, on the contrary, he would also get invaded.

Now that we have shaved off Velda’s forces, we don’t need to defend all of our bases.

Far from hoping for the destruction of the world, he better realize that it was a foolish idea to send his forces gradually to various place.

For the next turn, it would be an attack from our side.

I shall teach him that it’s a mistake if he thinks that it will be his turn forever.

『Testarossa, Ultima, Carrerra――』

By calling my summons, I connected to the three Devil Lords with『Telepathy』.

It’s a secret line made by going directly through “Soul Corridor”.

『This is, Rimuru-sama! You’re safe after all――』

Testarossa answered filled with emotion.

I nodded and ordered those three.

『You three, go destroy the Heaven Gate. Furthermore, conceal the fact that I’m alive, oke?』

『Even though you said so, everyone is convinced that Rimuru-sama is alive……』

『I have asked Benimaru about it, but oh well, just in case. It’s not the time for me to appear yet, so don’t say it’s an order from me. Even if you are asked by other people, it’s fine if you refuse and don’t say my name.』

『Please rest assured in that case. Because it’s only Rimuru-sama who could order us!』

Saying so, Testarossa and co laugh happily.

Come to think about it, those three are under my direct control.

Because they won’t receive an order from other people, I guess I’m thinking too much.

As for Benimaru, it was too late as he knows I’m alive.

While I was thinking of such things to hide my own embarrassment, Testarossa and other seem to have finished their preparation.

And in order to execute my order to destroy the Heaven Gate, they began moving with glee.

Next, the remaining problem is――

There are people who are fighting and causing unnecessary environmental destruction on the northern continent.

「Well, it’s meaningless for Guy and the others to keep fighting. I think someone has to go and mediate between them.」

At the moment I said so.

「Oops, Dia――」

「I have the important duty as Rimuru-sama’s guard. This place aside, oh Veldora-sama, please go and admonish your sisters!」

The victor is Diablo

Veldora tried to push that role to Diablo but was brilliantly ignored.

It was his utter defeat.

Thus, it was decided that Veldora would go and arbitrate the quarrel between his sisters.

Veldora’s expression was overflowing with sadness, but as he had taken a large amount magic essence from me, there’s no need for me to feel any sympathy for him.

I want him to try his best.





Chapter 226: Labyrinth’s Encroachment - Part 1


Veldora kept looking back in my direction many times and then left regretfully while I saw him off.

The one who gave up is the loser. It might not look much, but he had taken a large amount of magic essence from me, so I wanted him at least to try his best in arbitrating his sisters.

Besides, there is no way for other people to arbitrate the fight between true dragons.

Even I don’t want to do it.

That’s why, I sent Veldora off without any compromise.

It seems that Velda’s remaining forces are low.

From Dino’s information, Velda’s executives consisted of 14 people.

After he heard of Dagruel’s defeat, 「Eh, are serious!? For that Ossan to lose……」was his surprised reaction, he then told me the information.

I don’t know whether he’s saying the truth or lying, but I think Velda might not have any more hidden forces. After all, this is not a Shonen manga, there’s no meaning of hiding them till you’re at a disadvantage.

The Four Fiends of the Heavenly Commanders and the Executioners seemed to be Velda’s trusted retainers and his strongest war potentials.

After that, Pico and Garasha, Dino’s fallen angels subordinate.

And then, Lucia.

Only Dino was left among the Four Fiends of the Heavenly Commanders, and 4 of the Executioners were killed by Testarossa and others.

Moreover, in Ingrassia Kingdom, by the Children and Venom’s efforts, also Kumara who dealt the final blow, killed one of the Executioners.

‘Well, I wonder who will make the next move’, while I’m thinking so……

At the same time, it seems there’s movement in each country.

The angels who were showing their last resistance against Karion and others had disappeared suddenly with Teleport.

Even the angel army that attacked “El Dorado” disappeared at the same time.

Apparently, all of angels who were scattered across many parts of the world seemed to have disappeared altogether.

And then, they appeared and combined all forces on Tempest.

Their numbers are around 600.000.

Despite losing 40% of their 1 million, it still boasted an overwhelming prowess.

All of Velda’s remaining forces came attacking in order to crush Tempest.

Accordingly to Ciel-sensei’s prediction.

In this way, although we were victorious in various places, the threat of the angel army still high.

If we carry out the war honorably we will not end up unharmed.

However, this side has the labyrinth.

Gerudo and Gabil were deployed on the surface and have been playing with Dino, the purpose was a sort of diversion.

The purpose is to make Velda believe that it was a war.

In the worst case, we would withdraw to the labyrinth. Like this, the angel army couldn’t take an action as an army.

Just like when the Empire attacked, we can deal with every one of them individually.

Naturally, there’s a problem.

There’s a limit in Ramiris’ ability that is the range where she can create entrances is limited.

She can’t make entrances anywhere she likes.

To be precise, she could link to the previous Dwelling of the Spirit and the 100th floor from anywhere, but you could only get out to the place of your entry.

It’s not possible to enter the labyrinth from Tempest and go out to Ulg Nature Park in Ulgracia Republic.

This is a problem for the adventures and Tempest’s citizens who are taking shelter inside the labyrinth.

Since the entrance and exit are restricted, if it gets blockaded, it means checkmate.

Those with higher rank can use transfer, but there are few people who can transfer among the general public.

Transfer magic is out of the question as there’s a problem about the transfer destination.

More than anything, the use of transfer magic has complex rules; it’s dangerous for normal people to do it inside the labyrinth.

If it’s me and the executives, we could transfer to anywhere freely though……

It’s possible to live inside the labyrinth, but it might be difficult to spent your whole life without being able to go outside.

For such reasons, it was decided that we would defend the entrance till the end.

However, that’s already the end too.

If Velda carries out his plan to lure me out as I expected, he will not stop until he destroys the dungeon.

It’s a pain for the entrance to be blockaded, but that’s after we break through the blockade later.

Let’s pretend to fall for this plan and respond to it skillfully.

Everything is according to our expectation.

The next plan has already been issued.

We will be alright as long as the enemy forces didn’t surpass our assumption, but I wonder how it will turn out.

Benimaru hasn’t recovered his energy yet.

The enemy forces is unclear, I’m a bit worried

However,

「Leave this place to us! Be relieved Rimuru-sama, please see the defense force of the labyrinth.」

I decided to believe in Benimaru’s words.

Well, in the worst case I’ll let Diablo go and we will manage somehow.

It doesn’t mean my uneasiness is resolved, but I can do nothing but to believe in everyone left in the labyrinth.

The plan this time will put the labyrinth in danger.

Therefore, I wanted to remove most of my uneasiness, but the enemy won’t wait.

Thus, while I’m worried, a full assault against Tempest has begun.

　−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−

Zero gathered all remaining angels in various places after he was given the power by Velda

And then, they all depart to Tempest for a full-scale assault.

Zero is a taciturn person.

And his true identity is not a human.

The leader of the Executioners was Arios, but Zero is the strongest.

That’s natural

After all, Zero was made by Yuuki, he was an artificial human[1].

If you interpret it in a broad sense, it can be said that he’s Vega’s brother.

While Vega was tuned with a pseudo-aggressive personality, all emotions were removed from Zero.

He was created in this world as a combat doll possessing both high computing power and calm judgment not affected by emotions.

Among the hundreds of the handmade dolls created by Yuuki, Zero is the only one that can be called a success.

With a unique combat sense and perfected battle creature body.

Zero evolved as spiritual life form after he got the complete control of the Seraphim power given to him.

And right now.

He obtained the completed Ultimate Skill『Evil Dragon Lord Azi Dahaka』from Velda, Zero was going to cross another wall.

After Zero’s body mixed with『Evil Dragon Lord Azi Dahaka』, a peculiar change occurred.

It’s a mutation beyond Velda’s expectation.

The mutation is progressing within Zero without being noticed by anyone.

The army of 600.000 angels finished organizing, Zero, Mai, Dino, Pico and Garasha, those five people meet face to face.

The objective is to conduct the last briefing.

As soon as he arrived, all members were gathered by Zero.

As Zero was given the title of the Heaven’s Supreme Commander, Dino and the others don’t have right to object.

Also, another reason is, compared to the time when he met him before, Zero’s aura has this overwhelming coercion.

Thinking that it would be troublesome, Dino has no other choice but to obey him.

「Well, what kind of plan are you going to do?」

「Dino-san, you can’t win if you fight halfheartedly, you know?

If you want to attack, attack with everything in one go. You should concentrate your forces and not give time for the enemy to recover.」

「Don’t be ridiculous.

It’s troublesome because they are hiding inside the labyrinth, I’ve been attacking them steadily, you know?

It’s a plan you know, a strategy.」

To Mai’s retort, Dino boldly says the excuse he already thought out before.

Not hesitating to say what he thinks is Dino’s amazing point.

In fact, he was slacking off but as he said his words boldly like he has one.

「Guh…… how impudent……」

For Mai who is a diligent, honor student type, Dino was an opponent she’s not good against.

Delighted that Mai was unable to refute, Dino tried to pursue further but,

「We don’t have time for a quarrel. Let’s begin the plan quickly.

The order I received was destruction of the labyrinth with all-out attack.

Therefore, even if they were barricading themselves inside the labyrinth, it’s fine.

After all, we’ll destroy the labyrinth, there won’t be any problem.

Quickly sweep aside the surface corps and begin the labyrinth’s invasion.」

Zero stops Dino and told Velda’s order.

Dino and the others have their expressions changing due to the order.

「Hey hey, don’t say an unreasonable thing like that! That labyrinth is impregnable.

It’s not because I failed once, but seriously it’s disadvantageous for us inside.

The enemy is completely immortal and ignored any damage.

Even if we attack with an army, we will be divided and defeated one by one.̍」

「That’s right! Besides, there’s a tough guy among the surface corps.

It’s hardly a joke, to that guy, any attack aren’t working at all.」

「See! There’s also a warrior who can goes toe to toe with this Garasha too.

They are not people who you can easily defeat just by pushing with numbers.」

Following Dino, Pico and Garasha also complain.

In fact, during the attack in the last few days, those two were at loss how to continue fighting against Gerudo and Gabil.

They don’t know how it will be if they release their full power, but it didn’t seem like they could win by fighting normally.

Because of that, the girls quickly objected to Zero’s words of dealing with the surface corps.

As Dino understands the high difficulty of the labyrinth, this was advice from his heart.

His real intention is that he doesn’t want to enter the labyrinth again, but that is something is better left unsaid.

However, the talk has advanced toward the worst direction that Dino worried about.

In short――

「I told you there was no problem. Mai, I transferred the command of the angels to you.

Command the whole army and clean up the surface corps.

If it’s you, there’s correction for long range attacks.

Make the angels fire volleys of Holy Light Sphere from the sky and annihilate the enemy on the ground.」

「Understood. It’s a suitable stage for 『Accuracy Increase』and『Long Range Attack Power Increase』of my ability heh.

I’ll make the angels synced with me with『Connect』, is it fine right?」

「No problem. I left the surface to you, you don’t mind?」

「I’m good. Then, what will you do?」

「I will invade the labyrinth with Dino and the others.」

The matter is briefly decided by Zero, Dino’s anxiety hit the mark

(Wh, what with this guy, there’s not even a discussion……)

Dino wanted to shout, but unfortunately Zero has the higher authority.

「Hey hey…… inside the labyrinth, the enemy will keep reviving――」

「Not a problem. I’ll erode the labyrinth itself.

Using the ability of the true『Evil Dragon Lord Azi Dahaka』given to me by Velda-sama, you see.」

Interrupting Dino’s word, Zero declares so without any change in his expression.

Sensing from Zero’s attitude that any more argument is unnecessary, Dino given up as saying anything will be useless.

Because the matter is already decided, Dino’s words won’t change anything since Zero said it was Velda’s order.

「I understand, I will obey you. So, is it only me and you who enter the labyrinth?」

「I will enter the labyrinth with you three.

And, I will leave you three to earn me time as I am eroding the labyrinth.」

「……Understood.」

Dino responded so, Pico and Garasha also steeled themselves.

Thus, the members to capture Ramiris’ labyrinth were decided.

「When the plan start?」

To Dino’s question,

「Staring now.」

Zero answered.

And so――

With Zero’s word as the signal, the largest attack in history towards Tempest began.

Glittering flashes.

The angels attacked together to the extent of making sight impossible.

A heat wave mows down the surface, evaporating the town created by Rimuru and co.

Even the corps led by “Barrier Lord” Gerudo and “Dragon Lord” Gabil chose to withdraw in front of the rain of light that pouring from the sky which can’t be simply defended with barrier.

If there’s no defense correction from Gerudo’s ability that attack would have violently annihilated everything.

The ability correction of Mai’s Ultimate Skill『Weapon Lord (Bow Weapon)』enables precise shooting.

The angels who are united by Mai’s will, caught the target in Mai’s line of sight and attacks one point together.

A concentrated attack of 600.000 angels is terrifying.

The temperature of the focused point is impossible to be measured. If it’s not reflected and dispersed by Gerudo’s barrier, it won’t allow any resistance.

She should praise Gerudo as he was able to withstand it for a moment.

The part with the town was rapidly transformed into an empty land void of anything.

The angels move under one will, unlike when they were under Dino’s command.

Like one living being, they shown an orderly movement.

They become a threat to Tempest, it’s no longer possible to think them as they were same as before.

Zero nods as he confirmed that the surface corps has withdrawn into the labyrinth.

From the exit―― Entrance opened on the surface, he confirms several places of distorted space that release similar waves.

Mai also sighted the place and completed fixating the place as the target of the angels’ army.

「Don’t spare anyone who runs.」

「Gotcha.」

Conversing briefly, Zero begins to move into the labyrinth taking along Dino and co.

As if ridiculing Dino and co, Mai has shown that she easily won against the people acknowledged by Pico and Garasha.

Pico, frustratedly thought that she has no other choice but to admit it.

(Still, they seem to withdraw a bit too easily……)

Although she didn’t say it loud as it would make her looks like a sore loser, Pico can’t get rid of it from her mind.

After all, she experienced the bitterness during her fight against Gerudo, who boasts a much too high defensive power.

She thinks that Mai was amazing to repel such opponent so easily, but she still has some unsatisfied feeling.

(Oh well. If they retreated into the labyrinth, there might be a chance to fight them.

But, with that defensive power and immortality, it won’t be a joke……)

Thinking about the solution when the time comes, Pico follows Dino and the others into the labyrinth.

When the four people entered the labyrinth―― it was the moment when Zero’s Labyrinth Eroding Plan begun.

* * *

[1] 人造人間 Jinzou Ningen, Jinzou= Man-made/Artifical. Ningen = Human. It usually means Robot or Android, but in this context it’s an artificial human/being.





Chapter 227: Labyrinth’s Encroachment - Part 2


A control room was located on the lowest floor of the labyrinth.

The room, which could be called as the center of the labyrinth, was made to manage everything inside the labyrinth.

A big monitor was installed at the center of the room, showing the appearances of Zero and co in combat inside the labyrinth.

The inside of the control room had been remodeled with decorations that have no particular meaning and there were also devices and such that kept blinking.

「It started heh.」

「Yeah. Everything is going as planned――」

Ramiris nods to Benimaru’s mutters.

Ramiris is sitting on a luxurious chair which made exclusively for her personal use, taking a contemplative pose of putting her clasped hands in front of her chin.[1]

Benimaru stands on her right side, looking at the screen keenly.

Although the two people are conversing as if their atmosphere is serious……

「Don’t fool around, do your work!」

Shuna hits Benimaru’s head with a folded fan in her hand.

「Ouch! Hey, it’s hurts if it’s folded! Don’t you have any gentleness for your beloved older brother!?」

「There’s none. That kind of thing is unimportant, please do your job seriously!」

Shuna cut him down in single hit.

There’s another person who supporting Shuna with their words.

That person is Beretta.

「Why are you fooling around, Ramiris-sama…… If you don’t stop, I will report this to Rimuru-sama, you know?」

「Wai! You, what are you talking about! I’m being serious~!」

Ramiris panicking after hearing Beretta’s tsukkomi.

She stops doing her competitive behavior and starting to explain in panic.

「You too, Benimaru. It’s not time for playing around, a very serious crisis is approaching, be more conscious……」

Scolded by Souei, Benimaru meekly nods.

Although he and Ramiris are enjoying themselves with the atmosphere…… it seems to be taken negatively by the serious people.

(This is because these guys are not playful……)

(Hey. I only playing around a bit, I wish Rimuru wasn’t mad at me……)

Their gaze intersect, Benimaru and Ramiris are communicating their inner feelings.

However, they can read the mood and so they decided to stop playing anymore.

In fact, the situation is unsatisfactory.

The floors that have been invaded so far by the enemy are displayed on the big screen.

According to the display, the enemy is fighting the boss of the 50th floor currently.

With a terrifying speed, the enemy broke all of the past records.

In such critical situation, Benimaru and Ramiris still have time for their behavior.

Which isn’t surprising……

A little while ago, an order from Rimuru had reached Benimaru.

Rimuru conveyed the enemy’s predicted goal and the countermeasures.

As for defending the labyrinth, Benimaru and the others[2] are not needed.

To this matter, Ramiris and Zegion agreed, intercepting the intruder by themselves is decided unanimously.

Benimaru presents everybody’s intentions to Rimuru who still anxious about the labyrinth war potentials.

And then, from Rimuru, ‘Defend the labyrinth till the end!’ such order was received.

Benimaru still hasn’t recovered from the exhaustion after his fight with Kazaream, but there’s no worry about that.

After all, it’s due to the thick density of the magic essence inside the labyrinth which beyond comparison from the outside. Noticeably, he can feel that his energy is recovering.

Moreover, probably because he released magic essences to the limit once, he has a hunch that he can take in the energy of『Turn Null』while becoming more used to it.

Filling and mixing it while emptying the container little by little, in a sense replenishing magic essence at the same time.

(Huff! Like this, I think I can considerably control this energy!)

The top group of the defense war potential of the labyrinth is still alive, in the worst case; Benimaru might also need to go too.

Prediction of the enemy’s action can be made, and the war potentials are alive.

There’s no factor to be uneasy of.

「Well. Then, should we work seriously now?

Ramiris-sama, what is the percentage of the labyrinth that has been eroded by that guy currently?」

「That’s right…… right now, it’s 15% I think. There’s still more to spare!」

「Understood. So, when Gozurl and Mezurl on the 50th floor are defeated, do we commence the strategy?」

「Well. As my preparations will be done with just a bit more, it’ll be the right time.」

「Then, we will start.」

After such exchange, Benimaru began to issue instructions regarding the specific strategy.

Ramiris also resumes her work.

Gozurl and Mezurl who were defeated easily are revived on the lowest floor.

And then they come to the control room ashamed.

「Good work! Well, please rest at ease.」

「We’re very sorry, we have no excuse to offer, Benimaru-sama. We wanted to exhaust the enemy even a bit though……」

「We are not even an obstacle to that guy……」

「Don’t mind it. You guys aren’t weak, it's just those guys are strong.

Be relieved as everything is as planned.」

Gozurl and Mezurl who hanged their heads in front of Benimaru seem to have been relieved a little when they heard those words.

With meek faces, they sit on the reserved chairs.

At the same time――

「Well then. As planned, the strategy will start! Everyone, on your position!!

The strategy will be put into action now.

And then, at the time of the retrieval of the Demon Golem (Demon Lord Protector Colossus), the strategy will shift to its second stage.

Everything is as planned. Everyone, accomplish your own work without rushing! Leave the rest to the combat group!!」

Benimaru ordered so.

Tension runs through to the Ramiris’ subordinates, the Dragon Kings and the operator, the dryads with Trainee as their leader.

「Well then, Ramiris-sama. I shall depart too.」

Beretta respectfully told Ramiris.

「Ok! You can lose, but dying is not permitted!」

「Fufufu, what a joke. If I lost so many times, then I’ll be branded as a loser. I’ll surely triumph this time.」

Leaving behind those words, Beretta immediately teleport away.

Then, he already stood by Zegion’s side.

And so, the battle inside the labyrinth slowly intensifies……

　−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−

The guardian of the 60th floor is the Demon Golem.

It received order to eliminate the intruder, showing its overwhelming destructive power, it’s a violence machine.

Modified by Gadra-roushi, it’s equipped with various weapons; its viciousness is nothing like before.

However, in front of Dino and co, even with its power, stalling the enemy didn’t come true.

「Geez, it’s so much trouble……this thing is stupidly strong……」

「Rather than that, why doesn’t it vanish as light particles?

Just probably though…… This golem won’t revive, right…..?」

「It won’t I guess. Oh well, even if it did, it’s not a threat anyway.

But if it’s about this thing is troublesome, I’d agree.」

To Dino’s grumble, Pico and Garasha respond respectively.

Indeed, Dino thinks that it’s absurd for Golem which is an artificial object to revive, but recalling Ramiris’ wicked smile, there was an uneasiness which makes Dino unable to deny it.

(If it’s that person, it might be possible……)

It’s not Ramiris who has the power to be a threat, but that can’t be said with the other people in the labyrinth.

Not to mention, their threat level are beyond imagination with the bestowed immortality inside Ramiris’ controlled area.

Besides, Ramiris’ ability is unreasonable, it won’t be strange if she was able to grant the effect even to an artificial being.

From Dino’s point of view, Ramiris’『Labyrinth Creation』 was such a threat.

「However, the enemy was suddenly gone. From floor 61, I’m sure that ghost type enemy would come out in swarms, right? 」

「That’s true. I sighted low-class wraiths, but they’re only small fry…… In that case, the upper floors were more troublesome, right?」

As Pico and Garasha said, they can’t see any appearance of enemies after they defeated the Demon Golem and descended a floor below.

But, Zero knew the reason why. That’s because Adalman and co went outside to intercept Dagruel, which Zero witnessed himself.

Because there’s no reason to tell it, Zero keeps his silence.

「Oh well, maybe because of that. Perhaps, they went to intercept Dagruel I guess.」

Dino carelessly said the correct answer.

Zero hears it, he thought that he needs to raise his evaluation of Dino a bit.

Zero thought that Dino is a foolish guy, but he’s surprised due to Dino’s sharpness in the situational awareness.

「Eh, did that means all monsters from here on were outside? Can you do such a thing?」

「Rather than that…… Using the monsters living inside the labyrinth as an army…… Honesty, isn’t that a foul play?」

「I dunno, don’t say it to me. Say your complains to Rimuru!」

Because enemies won’t come out, Dino and co have such free time to have such talkative quarrel.

Zero who indifferently watched them, opened his mouth.

「You guys, listen.

I’m going to return to the 60th floor, I’ll concentrate in my work to steal the authority of this labyrinth.

Even now I have eroded the labyrinth as we travelled, but only about 15% taken by me and it’s not advancing.

However, I succeeded in containing the transfer function.

Above the 60th floor has become my area.

However, it will take time to erode 61th floor and below.

As the way things are going, it won’t progress well.

I leave the rest to you guys, rampage as much as you can and earn me time.」

Zero was able to analyze mostly of the enemy’s war potential.

As he attacking with a small group of people, there’s no fear of the group being divided into parts.

It would be the suitable time soon.

With the roots of his ability stretched around since the time he entered, he succeeded in stealing a part of the authority of the labyrinth’s power.

After that he thought to concentrate himself in eroding the labyrinth and finish this mission quickly.

Shutting down the teleport means that a direct attack to Zero inside the labyrinth becomes impossible.

Then, he judged that by letting Dino and co advance and rampaging around, in that opportunity he would be able to concentrate in taking over the control of the labyrinth.

「Ahh, leave it to me!」

Dino responded powerfully to Zero’s words.

Zero nods to the answer, he says「Rampage as much as you want」and then he turned his back.

Zero returns to the 60th floor’s boss room while confirming the safety of the surroundings.

And then, he unleashes the ability of the completed and evolved Ultimate Skill『Evil Dragon Lord Azi Dahaka』and begins the encroachment of the labyrinth.

In order to usurp the labyrinth complexly.

『Evil Dragon Lord Azi Dahaka』has the ability to make clones infinitely by spreading its roots to the ground, but it was originally ability of『Energy Absorption』 on the surroundings.

It assimilates into surroundings’ natural environment, and make it possible to regenerate himself infinitely as part of the nature.

That’s, the truth of Ultimate Skill『Evil Dragon Lord Azi Dahaka』 and its correct usage.

The environment that has its energy sucked up empty will be ruined and destroyed.

By assimilating to this labyrinth, he will plunder the authority of the labyrinth.

If he does so, Zero will be able to steal the power of Ramiris’『Labyrinth Creation』.

Even in case he fails, he could cancel the authority and nullify it.

Then, at his side has four strong people of awakened Demon Lord Class, they would be superior in fighting power, so was Zero’s calculation.

(In the worst case, I will suck up the energy of this labyrinth and destroy it

Then, in any case, the enemy doesn’t have refuge. They will hastily flee and rounded up by Mai’s concentrated attack. Although, if I finish assimilating with this labyrinth, I won’t let the enemy escape――）

Zero is convinced of the victory.

Zero thought that immortality inside the labyrinth is troublesome, and by manipulating the dimension and space making it impossible for an army to capture the labyrinth is invincible.

However, if ability of the labyrinth is sealed off, it’s Zero’s side’s turn to invade.

He didn’t think that it’s funny that Dino and co so abnormally wary inside the labyrinth.

Certainly, it’s a dangerous ability.

However, for Zero, the more dangerous the labyrinth is, greater the power as the reward after he deprives it.

(Velda-sama, it’s our victory!)

Zero sits with his legs crossed and concentrated his mind on eroding the labyrinth.

The three people go ahead, leaving Zero behind.

Although Dino declared his reply impressively to Zero, inside his mind is……

(Idiot. From the start, don’t expect someone else to help your work and such.

But, I can’t even run away from Velda-sama’s side……

Because there’s a thing with Rimuru too, I can’t do careless action……

Ahhhh how troublesomeーーー!!）

So, various conflicts jumbled together.

Consequently, with that gloomy Zero gone, it becomes very refreshing.

Dino and co felt uneasy due to being observed so much.

In either case, escaping was already impossible.

Dino and co give up and go to the other side.

「Hey~, isn’t that guy is super strict! Who do he think he is?」

「That’s right. Ordering us self-importantly, to be frank, I hate it. Why did you do exactly what he told you to do, Dino?」

「Right right! Dino, please beat that guy!」

「Yeah. If you kill that guy, we will cooperate so it will not be exposed Velda-sama, you know?」

‘That guy you mention, is Zero you know!?’ so Dino thought while laughing vaguely to dodge the issue.

There’s no way to not be exposed, and to be honest, it’s troublesome.

With this and that, Dino and co arrives at the 70th floor.

However, that place is naturally empty……

「As expected, Adalman has gone to the battlefield.

It would be troublesome if that guy remain here, aren’t we lucky?」

Dino thinks positively.

Pico and Garasha also agree and then they go ahead.

However, even below floor 71th, no enemies appear.

「Isn’t this strange? This place should be the paradise of the insect type monster though……」

When Dino says his doubt――

『Hoohohohoho! You came, Dino.

You had betrayed me not a long ago, I will make you regret it now!!』

Ramiris’s loud laughter echoed in the surroundings, suddenly, the structure of the floor changes.

And then 4 shadows appeared.

Gabil, Gerudo, Beretta and then Zegion.

Those 4 are the one who appear to meet Dino and Co.

「Tch. They come out as expected heh――」

Dino looked up above and saw Zegion.

『Eh? Dino, you guys are only three people?』

Ramiris asked Dino.

In Dino’s eyes who looking at Ramiris who waiting for answer, he saw Ramiris being projected with stereoscopic imaging.

(She does such elaborate action for weird stuff……)

‘Oh well whatever’ so he sighs,

「One person is late due to his business.」

So, Dino replied indifferently.

Besides,『Hmm.』 and nodding, Ramiris drops a bombshell statement.

『Well then, Dino’s opponents are Zegion and Beretta heh~』

So.

’What did she say?’ Dino fails to understand it.

But, when her words reach his brain, he understands the meaning.

「Don’t joke around, you idiot!! Like hell I could win!!」

Dino’s scream who understands the meaning of Ramiris’ words echoed inside the labyrinth.

* * *

[1] For those who didn’t realize what Ramiris doing, she’s doing Gendo Pose.

[2] Meant for those who went outside Tempest and not present and defending Tempest from the start like Gabil and Gerudo.





Chapter 228: Labyrinth’s Encroachment - Part 3


The discussion ended on a quiet note, as if disregarding Dino’s scream

Anticipating an unfavorable outcome, Dino promptly made a suggestion.

「Wait, listen to me. How about we do this in a knockout format?

Let each fight happen one by one to decide the outcome. Okay?」

This was Dino’s last resort.

Zero had said that he needed time, so Dino needed to buy that time somehow.

If they just went straight into the fight, nine times out of ten, it would end with the defeat of Dino’s side.

Especially Dino. He didn’t even think he would last longer than a few minutes.

(This is no joke. If those two become my opponent, I’d have to kiss goodbye to any hope of surviving this…)

Dino decided to push this proposal through one way or another.

Dino hoped to earn more time for themselves by making the fights happen one at a time. He was counting on Zero to finish his preparations by the time it came to his turn.

(Nevertheless, I can’t expect such a selfish proposal to go through easily. It’s way too convenient for our side—)

Dino didn’t believe his proposal would be accepted...

『Hmm, Okay! It’s convenient for our side too――』

『Hey!』

『Oops! Don’t mind that. It was nothing to be concerned about!

Anyway, the first one is Gabil, go~! 』

It seemed that Benimaru and Ramiris had some sort of shady conversation.

Conveniently for Dino, the other side also wanted to stall.

(So far so good, luck seems to be on my side!)

Dino was happy that his proposal went through, so he didn’t bother investigating Ramiris’s motives.

And so began a fight in the format of a pro-wrestling exhibition.

The first match was Gabil vs Pico.

The fight ended up being an aerial dogfight, since both were able to move freely in all three dimensions.

It was an interesting match-up, since they both used spears.

(How should I put it, this guy… How in the world did he get so strong!?)

Pico thought, astonished.

It was as if she were up against a completely different person compared to the one she had fought a few days before.

The current Gabil could probably have the strength of an Awakened Demon Lord, rivaling Pico.

Despite her shock, she recognized his strength.

As she continued the fierce aerial battle, she quickly decided that Gabil was a threat no longer to be underestimated.

The combatants merely probed the other’s strength for a while, before both going all out.

However, Gabil’s『Flame Breath』and『Thunder Breath』couldn’t hit Pico, and neither could Pico’s『Black Thunder』and『Heaven’s Judgment』hit Gabil.

In truth, Pico’s『Heaven’s Judgment』 was a very absurd ability. It could reproduce past wounds of previously defeated enemies. However, Gabil’s Ultimate Gift『Pierrot Star』had the Fate Change’s effect negating Pico’s ability.

Pico couldn’t conceal her surprise.

「You bastard! Stop bullshitting me! Why won’t you die already? It’s so strange!?」

「Is it so unexpected!? Does the fact that I’m not dead irk you so much? There is a reason I can’t die, so please forgive me, Miss!」

Despite Gabil’s answer, he was sweating bullets on the inside.

After all, he had already used his trump card, Fate Change.

Once a day, the ability could be used to nullify any kind of damage, but that meant that Gabil could die in one blow.

(Not good. This is really not good! Although I’m already using all of my strength, that lady seems to still have strength to spare… )

If she used her attack again, it would spell Gabil’s doom.

On the other hand, Pico was also bewildered.

Wary of Gabil, she refrained from using a bold attack.

(That guy… His strange confidence is spooky. He’s calm even after receiving my attack, as if it were nothing. I’m in trouble, if that attack can’t affect him, I don’t have any other decisive blow――）

Pico felt uneasy.

Actually, Pico still has some power to spare, but without any other alternatives, she decided to end the match in close combat.

If she took too long, it would end up as a battle of attrition.

No matter how much time Dino could buy them, she wouldn’t be able to recover her strength in time if it came to that.

They were in enemy territory. Even in a one-on-one match, they weren’t evenly matched.

She couldn’t afford to exhaust all her power just for the sake of winning, since Pico’s side couldn’t replenish their forces.

There was no guarantee that Ramiris’s side wouldn’t betray their promise and substitute their combatants with fresh fighters.

She worried that they could be defeated by a hidden enemy if she just burnt herself out.

(In the first place, attacking the enemy just with three people is so unreasonable! I can’t even count on Dino――)

Pico stole a glance at her companions, and saw Dino watching the match relaxedly, as if it weren’t his problem.

(That dummy, just because it isn’t his match, he really thinks it isn’t his problem!)

Pico was incensed.

She remembered that it was only necessary to buy time untill Zero completed his preparations. As a result, Pico decided to throw caution to the winds.

「The next one will finish it!」

「I was hoping the same!」

Both of them shared the same sentiments, and decided to end the match with their secret techniques.

「Fallen Spear!!」[1]

「Draconic Vortex!!」[2]

The two raced towards each other.

On impact, both were blown back at the same time.

As a testament to the terrifying power of their attacks, both of their bodies twirled in the air like a drill before crashing into the ground, giving neither a chance to break their fall.

『Okay, that’s a wrap! It’s a draw~!』

Ramiris proclaimed the end of the first match.

The result was a tie, but there was a big difference in the aftermath.

Gabil was covered with wounds all over his body, unable to fight any more.

On the other hand, Pico was only pretending to have sustained heavy damage.

「……Hey. Why did you hold back at the end?」

「Ah, you noticed? Well you see, if I don’t save some of my strength, won’t it be hard if I need to run away from this place?」

「I see. Apparently, you noticed my intentions?」

「Of course. You, how many times do you think I have accompanied you? I can tell what you’re thinking.」

「Okie dokie. That’s good. I intend to escape as soon as I see the chance; like hell I’m dying together with Zero.」

「Roger~! Garasha seems to have noticed too. I think that she will earn us a lot of time fighting that hardy guy, you know?」

「Really? That would be a great help. To be honest, my opponent is no joke at all, that Zegion guy is seriously dangerous… I really, really want to run away right now, you know? I don’t think he can take a joke…」

「We-well, good luck, I guess? It all depends on how well Garasha does…」

As Garasha left for the battlefield, Dino and Pico discussed their plans.

Pico has some energy left after the fight.

Dino thought that was good.

Dino wondered whether trusting in Zero was a good decision.

In this situation, it could be said that Pico made the correct decision.

「Good, then you should take a rest now. Just don’t be too at ease.」

「I’ll do just that.」

Pico started resting, and Dino turned his attention to Garasha.

“Good grief” Dino thought as he focused on the next fight.

The second match was Gerudo vs Garasha.

Both combatants specialized in defensive ability, so although it was not flashy, the battle steadily developed into an intimate exchange of skill between experts.

Gerudo wielded a Meat Crusher and a Huge Shield, while Garasha used a Longsword (Orthodox one-hand sword) and a Circle Shield (Round shield).

Gerudo’s fighting ability had evolved with him.

Although he did specialize in his defensive abilities, his offence was nothing to scoff at.

However, as it took some time to accumulate the power to activate it, he couldn’t use it to hit Garasha

To begin with, Gerudo’s Ultimate Gift『Gourmet Lord Beelzebub』was an Army Scale ability.

It was better suited for buffing his allies rather than strengthening himself.

As a result, Gerudo’s defense was more or less equal to Garasha’s all-purpose defense.

Unlike Pico, Garasha was more balanced between offence and defense.

Garasha possessed more offensive power than Gerudo, which should have given her the upper hand.

But that was not the case…

「You, how can you repel all of my attacks? Don’t look down on――」

「Even though I look like this, Rimuru-sama has granted me the title of “Barrier Lord”. You should know that you cannot break through my defense.」

Gerudo adeptly repelled Garasha’s attacks.

But that was not all.

Despite Garasha’s superior offence, for some reason, Garasha’s attacks didn’t scratch Gerudo, while Gerudo’s attacks slowly wore her down.

Gerudo’s experience didn’t lose to Garasha’s experience accumulated over a long life.

Although he didn’t stand out among the residents of Tempest, Gerudo had never neglected his training. As a result, his skill was top-notch.

His defense rivaled that of Albert.

His movements seemed to present many openings, but it was all just an attempt to bait his opponent.

Of course, Garasha didn’t fall for it and she didn’t attack carelessly.

(I had thought I could earn some more time, but…… it seems I can’t afford to hold back here.)

Garasha praised Gerudo inside her mind.

As Garasha had expected, the fight had turned into a stalemate. It was a plain battle fraught with deceptions hidden in plain sight.

　　　　　◇◇◇

The intricate interplay was mesmerizing to the trained eye.

However, it looked extremely tedious to an amateur.

「I’ve had enough of this… 」

A small, childish whisper was heard in the control room.

Gerudo and Garasha’s fight looked unremarkable; neither side used any spells or special moves.

The intricacies were lost on a child like Ramiris.

「Hey, can’t we make this a draw again and start the next fight? I wanna get to tormenting Dino!」

「Don’t be silly! We need to stall for more time, you are with me, right, Ramiris-sama?」

Benimaru tsukkomi-ed Ramiris who started to say silly things.

Possibly because Benimaru had grown weary of speaking so formally to Ramiris, his speech became more relaxed.

From the start, he never did put much effort into doing so, but now, he just didn’t care.

「Wait a moment, Vice Commander!? Please call me Supreme Commander-dono!… Well, you do have a point. Fine then―― whatever, let it continue!」

「Yeah yeah. So? How’s the progress going?」

「Uhhhh, the isolation rate has exceeded 90%. After a little bit more, we’ll be ready.

And, it seems that guy’s assimilation rate is at 70%. We made it in time because Rimuru had told us about it ahead of time!」

「All right. That seems good, doesn’t it? Then, please endure it a bit longer.」

Ramiris and Benimaru nodded at each other.

Having gotten Ramiris’s consent, he turned back to the screen.

Benimaru felt that it would be outrageous to stop the fight.

Unfortunately, judging by the previous match, Gabil would have to face more training under Hakurou and Agera, but Gerudo’s fight was magnificent.

Unlike Ramiris, Benimaru was fascinated by the elaborate fight.

He marvelled at how Gerudo made up for the difference in ability with sheer effort.

The fight was reaching its climax―― the end of the fight was nigh.

　　　　　　◇◇◇

Gerudo and Garasha were engaged in an intense sword fight.

The pace accelerated, and their plain fight was now plain no longer.

In their attempt to overwhelm their opponent with powerful strikes, each stroke of their swords cut into the ground, kicking up a furious gale of sand.

Those watching were captivated by the beautiful, but deadly, dance that unfolded before their eyes.

And then everything went silent for a moment.

“The next strike shall decide the outcome”, so everyone thought.

However――

「As I expected, that retreat was just a ploy. Although I didn’t think that level of attack would break through your defense――」

「Yeah. I didn’t have that much leeway, but it’s not to the extent that I needed to retreat. Besides――We won’t retreat without an order.

Everything was as Rimuru-sama desired.」

「Hum. In other words, you guys weren’t being cornered, but you guys were luring us in. It seems we have lost before even fighting.

I guess it’s alright. I admit my defeat here, is that fine?」

「Hmm!?」

Garasha conceded his defeat, taking Gerudo off guard.

『Okay then~! The victor is Gerudo!

Well now, come on out, Dino! You didn’t forget what you did to me before, right? This time is my turn to beat you to dust!』

Before Gerudo knew it, Ramiris’s voice came from the sky, announcing the outcome.

Her ulterior motives had shone through, but the conclusion was still a conclusion.

It was a godsend for the bored Ramiris. She completely ignored the fact that ‘how unfortunate’ was written all over Benimaru’s face.

But since the Gerudo himself wanted to say something, Benimaru didn’t voice his complaint.

「Is it alright……? You still have not gotten serious yet.」

「Well, I don’t mind. You have evolved too and seems like you haven’t mastered your power yet.

I would like to have the real conclusion in a place where we can fight each other with our full power.」

The two combatants met eyes, and chuckled.

Thus, the second pair’s match also came to an end.

When she returned to Dino’s side, Garasha muttered quietly.

「Not good, Dino. That guy has become abnormally strong.

I’m certain that it would be a close fight even if I went all out.

I don’t think that I would lose if we fought seriously, but I would be extremely exhausted by that long fight…」

「I know, right? There are other strong people here, so it would be suicidal to tire ourselves out.」

「Pico’s judgment is correct. You should be as careful as possible, you know?」

「Yeah, I know……」

With that, Dino stepped forward.

However, his feet felt heavy.

(Say, Ramiris’s aim is me, isn’t it? Even though they told me not to tire myself out, it’s not like I want to do so. Even now, I still don’t wanna fight. Alright, I’ll just drag it out while fighting Gerudo…)

『Ah, Gerudo. You must be tired, right? You should withdraw!』

Dino thought about such underhanded stuff, but Ramiris beat him to the punch.

Gerudo obediently agreed to withdraw, and was replaced by the tag team made up of Beretta and Zegion.

(Damn it! Did she see through my plan!?)

Although Dino complained in his mind, he couldn’t do anything about it.

His opponents were Beretta and Zegion.

Clearly, they weren’t opponents that Dino could win against.

Then, suddenly, an idea popped up in his mind.

「Ah, that’s right! I will also withdraw――」

『Bzzt~! Rejected!!』

However, his idea was immediately rejected by Ramiris.

With eyes like a dead fish, Dino turned his gaze towards Beretta and Zegion.

And suddenly, a small question came to his mind.

(Ehh? That Zegion….. Did he have such little energy?)

Having fought Zegion before, Dino felt a sense of incongruity.

However, Dino didn’t have the leisure to be worried about that.

He had tried to delay the moment of reckoning, but instead, it came closer.

(Damn it, that Zero. Hurry up, don’t blame me if you don’t make it in time!!)

Dino was the one most worried about not making it in time.

With a sigh, Dino reluctantly prepared to fight.

* * *

[1] 堕天終撃麗槍 Daten Owarigeki Reiyari (Fallen Angel’s Beautiful Final Spear Attack).

[2] 真・渦槍水竜撃 Shin・Uzuyari Mizuryuugeki (True Vortex Spear’s Water Dragon Strike).





Chapter 229: Labyrinth’s Encroachment - Part 4


At that moment, Ramiris murmured quietly

「Ah, the isolation was completed.」

She said it casually, as if it was nothing important.

But the people around her began to hustle when they heard her.

Meanwhile, Benimaru sent out a 『Thought Transmission』.

『Did you guys hear that? From this point, the support effect inside the labyrinth has disappeared.

You guys better brace yourselves. You can’t revive once you die anymore!

Rimuru-sama has not permitted any of you to die, so you guys better act with that in mind!』

It was directed at his companions, who had gone to intercept Dino’s group.

Everything was going as planned.

Those who received the order showed no signs of unrest, taking the order in stride.

And then―

One person started to act after hearing the order.

Quietly and decisively.

The plan moved into the final phase.

　−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−

Zero dispassionately continued the erosion of the labyrinth.

The assimilation rate had exceeded 90% now.

He felt no joy in it. All he had to do was to complete the duty given to him.

If the enemy gained immortality inside the labyrinth, all that needed to do was to steal the labyrinth.

That was Velda’s plan, and his Ultimate Skill『Evil Dragon Lord Azi Dahaka』was for.

The ability was originally created to counter the labyrinth, an ability that exerts an absolute dominance within a closed area.

Furthermore, it was not the incomplete version that had been given to Vega and Footman. By incorporating the battle data that had been gathered so far, Zero possessed the complete version.

In front of 『Evil Dragon Lord Azi Dahaka』, which ability had become closer to the original『Planet Devourer[1]』, not even Ramiris’ labyrinth could resist being overrun.

(Hmm, there’s less resistance than I thought, heh. That’s natural I guess. Nobody would ever imagine that attacking the labyrinth itself. Taking over the enemy’s base itself, and purging those fools who sit idly thinking that they have an absolute advantage. Then luring out Demon Lord Rimuru, and finishing off the all resistance in one go. As expected of Velda-sama. What a perfect plan―)

In accordance to Velda’s plan, he steadily eroded the enemy’s base, the labyrinth.

As long as he robbed the labyrinth, Zero could take over all inside the labyrinth.

「So easy.」

The words came out on their own.

However, he wasn’t expecting a reply…

「Don’t be so conceited. Engrave it into your mind that this labyrinth won’t fall to the likes of you.」

A cold voice rang out in the empty room.

It was empty no longer.

Zero sensed something that shouldn’t be there.

It was a butterfly.

A beautiful butterfly of light, fluttering and flickering in the air.

And then, that butterfly’s shape blurred, growing into the shape of a person.

The butterfly had metamorphosed into figure of a warrior clad in an exoskeleton made of jet-black colored adamantite.

His hands, feet and forehead shone with the distinct brilliance of the ultimate metal, Hihiirokane.

「―Who are you? Everything above the 60th floor is under my control. I didn’t feel any sign of intrusion.」

「It’s simple. I’ve been here since the beginning, that’s all.」

「… I see. This was a blind spot. You might have survived if you had kept yourself hidden till the end. But it was only a matter of time. Become my food and die.」

Zero assumed the warrior was a small fry who came out of hiding after noticing he was trapped.

There was no indication the enemy had noticed Zero’s plans.

Zero created several Evil Dragon Beasts and ordered them to eliminate the nuisance.

His encroachment to the labyrinth progressed smoothly; the assimilation rate had exceeded 90%. He could create as many evil dragon beasts as he liked by robbing the inexhaustible supply of energy inside the labyrinth.

The created evil dragon beasts rushed towards the prey all together, but they were annihilated by a single flash of light.

「Oh? For you to defeat my evil dragon beasts with ease…

I guess you aren’t some small fry who hid out of fear.

I am called Zero. The one who leads the Heaven’s Army, I was sent to destroy this country.

I shall acknowledge you as an enemy worthy of crushing. You may name yourself!」

Zero didn’t look down on the enemy, since he hadn’t been attacked at all while he dominated the 60th floor.

Zero thought that if his opponent’s intention was to obstruct him, he would have done so earlier.

However, the person standing in front of Zero seemed to possess more combat power than Zero had expected.

After all, that person was―

「My name is Zegion.

The faithful servant of the Great Demon Lord, Rimuru-sama.

The one who bear the title “Mist Lord”」

The strongest guardian in Ramiris’ labyrinth.

As ordered, Zegion went to fight Zero.

Zegion wouldn’t allow anything to sully this place, the place that he and his companions protected, the labyrinth.

Inevitably, Zegion and Zero came head to head.

　　　　　　◇◇◇

To begin with, the reason why Zegion didn’t attack was clear.

That was because he obeyed Rimuru’s order.

Otherwise, it would be impossible for him to silently watching the invasion until now.

「Zegion? I have never heard that name. Are you saying you’re one of Demon Lord Rimuru’s executives?

Diablo, Benimaru, Shion, Gobuta and Ranga. And also, Beretta. There’s other well-known people too, like Souei, Gabil and Gerudo.

If it were against them, I wonder if I might enjoy the fight a little bit…」

Convinced of his overwhelming advantage, Zero boasted.

But it wouldn’t take long for Zero to realize his misunderstanding.

「Such drivel. If the enemy stands in front of you, you just need to look at the person to judge their strength.

But there is one thing you are right about— you will not enjoy this fight.」

Zero wore displeasure on his face when he realized the meaning of Zegion’s answer.

Although he didn’t particularly feel anything, it was a facade to make the enemy think that he was an emotional person.

He slowly stood up and took a stance.

「Would you mind waiting a bit?

Your confidence is based on only your absolute immortality within the labyrinth.

But are you sure that it is absolute?

You only challenge others despite the difference in ability due to that guarantee.

Let me tell you. That way of thinking is wrong! That’s because―」

His sentence only got that far.

Zero was about to provoke Zegion by telling him that he had robbed the source of his immortality, but was cut short.

Zegion’s patience had reached its limit.

‘Death to those who defile the labyrinth!’

That was the imperial command given to him by Rimuru and his raison d'etre.

Although he had agreed to the plan after Benimaru explained how they would let a part of the labyrinth get taken over, that didn’t mean he would let it happen quietly.

To Zegion, defiling the labyrinth was an act similar to touching the reverse scale of a dragon[2].

Once Ramiris finished isolating a portion of the labyrinth, Zegion no longer needed to restrain himself.

Zegion unleashed his anger, interrupting Zero.

Zero stumbled at the heavy impact.

He had raised his shield to avoid damage just in time, but he couldn’t nullify the immense momentum.

From behind the shield, he saw that Zegion’s leg was raised in the air. In an instant, Zegion had closed in and kicked him.

While keeping his eyes on Zero, Zegion slowly lowered his leg―

「You’re a tough one. Be warned: the next one will be a bit stronger.」

As Zegion spoke, his figure disappeared.

His extreme speed had slipped through Zero’s『Space Grasp』and『Magic Power Perception』skills.

Using his experiences from within the labyrinth, Zegion’s techniques evolved every day.

The end result was his own unique melee technique that incorporated many of his abilities, especially『Space-Time Manipulation』.

It would be impossible for someone who had never faced him before to see through his movements.

Zero barely escaped the danger by activating his Ultimate Skill『Master Shield』.

Even if he couldn’t see the attacks, the attacks were meaningless in the face of the ultimate defense, Zero, the Absolute Shield.

Following Zero’s will, the Absolute Shield automatically defended him from all attacks.

While being protected by his absolute defense, Zero modified his appraisal of the person called Zegion.

(To think there was still someone as strong as him… I guess Demon Lord Rimuru can’t be underestimated…)

There was not a shred of doubt that his master Velda’s prediction was correct.

It was unimaginable for a Demon Lord who has such strong subordinates to be the one defeated first.

With that thought, Zero analyzed Zegion’s strength.

Based on Zegion’s extreme mobility, Zero figured that Zegion was a being close to a spiritual lifeform.

He didn’t move the way one with a physical body would move.

But that didn’t make Zegion invulnerable.

(His fighting ability is wonderful. But, that’s all to it!)

All he could do was blindly repeat the same attacks over and over, unable to overcome Zero’s defense.

Zero lost his interest in Zegion.

「It was fun while it lasted. As my gratitude for that enjoyment, I shall show you my true power!

Take this, Zero Fill Wave!!」[3]

With absolute confidence, Zero fired an annihilation wave.

Every wavelength, and by extension every energy frequency turned into Zero.

By striking with a reversed wave, it canceled each other.

It nullified anything and everything by subjecting it to its inverse wave.

Every living being was affected; even spiritual lifeforms like Angels or Demons were no exception.

Rather, it would be better to say that those with stronger energy would be affected more.

However, the user of the technique needed to have energy that was at least equal to the target’s energy.

Zero’s energy surpassed even that of an Awakened Demon Lord.

Dagruel aside, Zero surpassed even the Four Unholy Generals[4].

Zero transformed all of his energy and fired his strongest attack that was Zero Fill Wave.

Against such deadly attack, not even Zegion would―

「How pointless. This is an attack which converts your own energy into waves, am I right?

It’s a wonderful technique that adjusts itself instantaneously to be the inverted wave of the target, but in the end it is merely an automatic adjustment.

It has the same principle as your other ability, Automatic Defense.

An attack of this level won’t work on me.」

Zero was about to see the effect of his wave of annihilation which filled the room――

But there Zegion stood, unharmed. For the first time in the fight, Zero felt agitated.

「Impossible, you understood the underlying principle in an instant!?

Moreover, for you to be able to negate the Zero Fill Wave that turns every wavelength, even the pulse of life to zero―」

「How laughable. The thing that negates a wave is another wave. So I need not do more than let it envelop me.

Instead of opposing the wave, I just have to synchronize with it. That is the truth of the universe.

For someone like me, who can turn phantasms into reality, it’s a trifling matter to see your waves.

The likes of you are even lower than garbage compared to Rimuru-sama and Veldora-sama.」

Zegion’s calm words jarred Zero.

The moment Zero activated his ability and converting his energy into annihilation wave, Zegion had activated『Illusion World』of his『Illusion Lord Mephisto』.

There, everything was bent to Zegion’s will, even the flow of time.

With this ability, it was not hard for Zegion to analyze and counter Zero’s annihilation wave.

「Urgh! However, even if you negate my attack, your attacks can’t hit me, so the result is still the same!」

Zero, deciding to prioritize the erosion the labyrinth, stopped attacking Zegion.

Once he stole the labyrinth’s power, he could utilize that power and seal Zegion using the labyrinth’s 『Infinite Corridor』.

That was the plan.

「The farce taking place below should be over soon. I suppose I should also finish this up soon.」

Ignoring Zero’s predictions, Zegion acted on his emotions.

In other words, he struck Zero with a fist that contained his wrath.

「I said, your attacks won’t wo―」

Zero’s sentence was cut off.

Zegion’s Imagination became reality, and the Absolute Shield, Zero, was broken.

「Wha!? No way, this can’t be!!」

What had happened was outside of Zero’s common sense.

The Absolute Shield had been completely destroyed by Zegion’s fierce onslaught.

He was struck from all directions, so fast, that only afterimages of the Hihiirokane’s shine could be seen.

Everytime he sensed danger, Zero deployed the『Master Shield』at full power.

「It’s useless.

Your ability might be an impenetrable shield in the physical world.

However, it’s weak inside the spiritual realm.

This outcome is only natural.」

Zegion’s right hand shone.

A Dimension Ray which cleanly cut through every shield that protected Zero’s body came from that hand.

(But, I managed to endure his attack.)

Panting heavily, he had thought he had gained a moment’s reprieve ― before Zegion disappeared like the mist and delivered a piercing roundhouse kick from behind Zero.

「Gobagh!!」

Zegion had shrouded his kick with waves.

The annihilation wave that Zero had fired to Zegion earlier was returned as is.

Zero immediately moved to mitigate the damage, letting only a part of his energy be annihilated. It was a commendable response.

However, Zero realized that he was now backed into a corner.

There was a yawning gap between their abilities.

It wasn’t a matter of how much energy they had, but a sheer difference in rank.

Zegion’s left fist glowed with a dark grey light.

　　　　　　◇◇◇

The instant he predicted he would lose, Zero took the best possible action: escape.

(I don’t have enough power to fight that monster! Once I take over this labyrinth, I will eat the prey in the lower floors, and my power―）

Zero quickly assimilated his main body into the labyrinth and went to the lower floors.

Immediately afterwards, the connection with his clone he left behind was gone.

Zegion had sliced it to pieces.

Zero speed up the labyrinth’s encroachment, not understanding the feeling he was experiencing for the time in his life.

Fearing that the monster was chasing after him, he threw all his attention into his efforts.

As a result, he completed his assimilation with the labyrinth as he desired and seized the labyrinth’s power.

He felt a surge of energy inside the labyrinth, which had effectively become his own body.

Delightedly, Zero sought out even more prey to strengthen himself.

　　　　　　◇◇◇

Zegion retracted his left fist and turned his sight to the lower floors.

He confirmed that Zero had escaped as planned, and murmured「Mission completed」.

As requested by Ramiris and Benimaru, Zegion cornered Zero before letting him escape.

(Everything is as Rimuru-sama desired――）

Rimuru’s profound strategy wasn’t something Zegion could fathom.

Believing that, it was unnecessary to question the reason behind his orders.

All he had to do now was be vigilant, just in case the plan failed.

Zegion walked quietly towards the big hole in the ground that had been created by his attack.

　−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−

Everyone in the control room was speechless.

It hadn’t been three minutes since Zegion began to move.

And yet, here he was, reporting that his mission was completed.

As the labyrinth had been isolated, the large screen couldn’t show display the fight.

They could only imagine how the fight went, but they knew it had to be pretty one-sided.

「As I expected, he didn’t like the plan of letting the labyrinth encroached…」(Ramiris)

「Yeah… Looks like Zegion really did snap.

He did well, allowing that guy to escape with his life, as planned.」(Benimaru)

「That’s because Zegion was calmer, unlike you.

Well, if I hadn’t used Rimuru’s name, he probably wouldn’t have even listened to me…」(Ramiris)

「That’s so… I don’t even think he would obey if I had ordered him, so I guess you did the right thing?」(Benimaru)

「Right? Although I didn’t think that he would be that angry…」(Ramiris)

「Oh well, that’s for sure――」(Benimaru)

Nodding to themselves, Benimaru and Ramiris had that exchange.

Everyone else in the room also agreed with their words.

「But, why did Rimuru-sama give out an order like this?」

Shuna asked, curious.

The answer came from a surprising person.

「You’ll know it when you see it! Probably.」

It was Ramiris.

At that moment, the only person in the room who knew the reason behind the complicated orders was Ramiris.

Benimaru had a vague idea, but he didn’t grasp the essence.

Perhaps, maybe only Zegion had realized.

Nobody in the room could argue with Ramiris’s words.

Soon, the plan inside the labyrinth would be completed.

The situation was headed to the end game, so there was no need to rush it.

In preparation for that moment, everyone went back to their respective duties.

* * *

[1] 星を喰らう者 Hoshi wo kurau mono, The one who devours Planet.

[2] 逆鱗に触れられる Gekirin ni furerareru A saying of that anyone who touches the reverse scale (a special scale) of the dragon shall incur its wrath. Can also be translated as incurring the imperial wrath.

[3] 完全消滅覇 Kanzen Shoumetsuha. Complete Annihilation Wave. ゼロフィルウェーブ Zero Firu Weibu. I think Zero Fill part of the name came from the Zero Filling method of disk formatting.

[4] After we discussed, we decide this as the new name for 四凶天将. Hope you guys like this one better than the previous one, I'll change the previous one from past chapters to this new one.





Chapter 230: Labyrinth’s Encroachment - Part 5


Despite his unwillingness, Dino advanced to face Beretta and Zegion.

Both sides locked eyes for a brief moment.

『Well then, let the fight begin!』

Ramiris gleefully started the battle.

Dino wasn’t as much of a battle maniac as Pico or Garasha.

Rather, he thought it was a pain.

But it couldn’t be helped. Dino decided to fight properly.

If only it was that simple.

Dino had tried to leisurely dodge Beretta’s fist, but as if it was not bound by its original shape, the arm twisted after Dino like a snake after its prey.

(He looks humanoid, but only on the outside! His body should be a doll, but it looks like he’s completely fused with that body!)

In just that short exchange, Dino revised his evaluation of Beretta.

Dino had easily defeated the old Beretta, but the current Beretta couldn’t even compare to his past self.

(More importantly, he grew way too much in such a short time…)

Gabil and Gerudo’s growth was bad enough, but to think that even Beretta had grown stronger.

And Zegion hadn’t even joined in yet. Dino wanted to just throw his hands up in defeat.

Because he was lost in thought, Dino didn’t realize that the ground beneath him had turned into a swamp, until it was too late.

‘Oh, shit!’ he thought. But his feet had already sunk into the ground.

Beretta had manipulated the earth.

「Hey, I’m sure you didn’t have this ability before!?」

「Is that so? Well, I do now.」

He was knee-deep into the ground, but it was only the beginning.

The ground solidified and turned into liquid metal.

It was a trap that even Dino would find hard to escape from, even with all his strength.

Dino had been so wary of Zegion, that he never expected Beretta’s sudden growth.

His plan was to neutralize Beretta first before facing Zegion, but that plan was becoming less and less likely.

Zegion was approaching.

Zegion’s fist was still as sharp and fast as ever.

As his legs couldn’t be moved and he didn’t have any evasion technique, Dino tried to parry with his left arm.

*Paf*. The blow was surprisingly light.

Rather, it was too light.

His body felt no pain. But that was not the case for his soul

「It… hurtsーーーー!!」

Dino cried out in pain.

Dino was a spiritual life-form, so naturally he had『Pain Nullification』.

Despite that, his soul screamed in pain, as if the pain was mocking him.

「Y-you bastard! You’re not Zegion, are ya!? Pulling an underhanded move like that…」

「Fufuu, how foolish. You have only yourself to blame for being tricked.

Is there even a point in using a normal attack against an opponent who has high resistance against damage? But, if you were so worried about Zegion-sama, then my attack would be easier to land.

Surprise attacks are surprisingly effective, you know?」

Zegion ― no, not Zegion. It was Apito, who disguised as Zegion by using his ability, who answered while sprouting out a smile.

And then, Zegion’s appearance transformed into a beautiful insect type Majin.

Although the effect of『Instant Death』 didn’t activate, it seemed the effect of『Sharp Pain』that was one rank lower than it worked.

If he had seen it coming and resisted the attack, there wouldn’t have been a problem. But having taken the full brunt of the blow once, resistance was futile.

That was due to Apito’s ability, Anaphylactic Shock[1].

That single hit had robbed Dino of his resistances.

「How dirty! Two-on-one was already unfair, that’s such an underhanded attack!」

「Silence! There is neither fair nor foul in combat. If you win, you live, and if you lose, you die! That’s the ironclad rule.」

Apito rebuked Dino.

Dino couldn’t even refute such an radical survival of the fittest mindset.

Even Beretta was taken aback slightly by Apito’s extreme logic.

If Arnaud and the other Holy Knights were here, they might have commented「Can’t you be a bit gentler and let him finish what he’s going to say?」. But for anyone who didn’t know Apito, her attitude would come as a surprise.

Apito was normally docile in front of Zegion.

Now, however, she was greatly elated to be Zegion’s representative. There was no longer anyone who could rein her in.

Apito sprouted a sadistic smile and raised one of her beautiful hands towards Dino.

「Wa-wait a minute!

Can we talk this out?

I’m sure we’ll come to an understanding, we just need to talk!」

「Ah, that may be true. Well, die!」

Apito smiled compassionately, listening to Dino shriek out his plea.

And then, she stabbed him, with the same smile on her face.

「OWWWーーーーーー!! Ple-please wait! It hurts! I’m really hurting here!!」

Dino screamed, tears in his eyes.

However much he wanted to run, his feet were still trapped in the ground.

『Ohohohohohoho! Serves you right, Dino-chan!

Whatcha think? If you apologize, I just might forgive you, you know?』

Ramiris laughed as she watched Dino scream in pain.

「Are you telling me to betray Velda-sama?」

『Oh? You catch on quick, don’tcha? That’s right!』

「Idiot, you know that’s impossible, don’t you!?」

『Hmm… You can’t? Why? I’m just asking, why did you obey that guy?』

「You, the reason why is… it’s because I can’t go against Veldanava-sama!」

『Dino, think about it carefully. Veldanava and Velda are not the same, right?』

「Huh? Why are you asking something so obvi…」

(Hm? Obvious? No, wait….. Velda-sama is Veldanava-sama, right?)

The more they spoke, the more Dino felt a sense of incongruity.

Sensing a contradiction in his words, he became lost in thought.

『Whatever. Anyway, I’ll make you reflect more on your crime of betraying my pure and innocent heart!

Well then, Beretta-san, Apito-san! Please finish him off!』

Dino’s scream rang throughout the room.

In the end, Dino was given no time to think, instead faced with repeated attacks from Apito.

−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−

Ramiris’s mirthful laugh echoed through the control room.

She was happy to vent her frustrations by tormenting Dino.

Ramiris looked at the large screen with a very satisfied expression.

「Well, Should I forgive him with just this?」

「Didn’t you go too far there?」

「Don’t worry, it’s fine. Dino is tougher than you think, you know?」

Benimaru asked with a sigh while Ramiris replied, a bounce in her voice.

One of her objectives was to get her revenge on Dino, she wouldn’t just stop with just this.

「But I wonder… That guy named Zero, do you think he’s really going to move as Rimuru said?」

「Judging by how Velda cast Kazaream aside, I’m pretty sure Rimuru-sama’s right…」

「I see, then as I expected, Velda is not Veldanava. Dino also missed that. I guess, he probably thought ‘I’m too sly to be tricked by anyone!’ or something like that. How silly of him, right?」

「Eh, ahh….. Yeah, I guess.」

Benimaru nodded in agreement.

He decided to change the subject.

「At any rate, Zegion truly is amazing. It was a breeze for him.」

If they truly wanted to, Zegion and the other defenders would be able to dispose of Zero before Zero could encroach the labyrinth.

Everyone in the control room knew that.

But by Rimuru’s orders, they had enacted such an elaborate plan.

Their plan came from a discussion between Benimaru, Ramiris and Rimuru after Rimuru warned them of Velda’s plans to capture the labyrinth.

「Zero encroached the labyrinth and stole its power, just as Rimuru predicted.」

「Of course. I can’t imagine Rimuru-sama’s predictions being wrong.」

Shuna proudly nodded in response to Ramiris’ murmur.

「As for the prediction of Zero’s next action,

Wouldn’t it be difficult for him to maintain his own self once he fused with the labyrinth or something?」(Benimaru)

「Yeah. I already detached more than half of the labyrinth, it would be a big problem for him once he absorbs everything!

Honestly, it won’t be bad if he slowly assimilated it as he encroaches it, but trying to absorb everything in one go would blow away his mind.」(Ramiris)

「I see. So, what did Rimuru-sama say?」(Shuna)

「To put it briefly, since Zero will encroach the labyrinth, Rimuru asked us to isolate him with the labyrinth as the bait. At that time, we don’t know whether Zero will remain sane, but his reasoning will surely be affected.」(Ramiris)

「Therefore, once the labyrinth is isolated, we let him get attacked by Zegion.

Rather than waiting for him to come out, we smoke him out.

Rimuru-sama was anxious about Zero and Zegion facing off, but Zegion was more than willing.」(Benimaru)

「That’s right. In the end, it was Zegion’s complete victory.」(Ramiris)

「―I understand that much. However, WHAT DID Rimuru-sama SAY?」(Shuna)

Benimaru and Ramiris took turns answering Shuna, but they avoided directly answering her question, instead speaking in a roundabout manner.

Shuna became irritated and raised her voice.

「Uh. Didn’t he say that we might see his true nature?」

「That’s right. Not Zero’s true nature, Velda’s.」

Ramiris and Benimaru finally answered.

In short, once Zero fuses with the labyrinth, he would gain an absolute advantage against anyone within.

At that point, would he not start attacking, regardless of friend or foe? That was what Rimuru predicted.

The plan Benimaru and the others came up with was to use Zegion to instill terror into Zero.

As a reaction, Zero would wish for the power to be able to oppose Zegion.

Blinded by that desire, Zero would begin to prey upon everything in sight whether they friends or foe. That was their plan.

「That’s why, just before Zero’s assimilation rate reaches 100%, we plan to evacuate everyone.

Zero, gripped by fear and hungry for power, will definitely attack Dino’s side first.」(Benimaru)

「Exactly! By the way, it’s almost 98%, so it won’t be long now.」(Ramiris)

「Is that so? As one would expect of Rimuru-sama. However, what if Zero still has some reasoning left?」(Shuna)

「Then I’ll throw the isolated labyrinth into the『Infinite Corridor』!」(Ramiris)

「I see」, so everyone in the control room understood the plan.

If they could win Dino over before Zero finished his encroachment that would be even better.

“But, even so―” Shuna suddenly realized that Rimuru’s reason for rejecting an all-out attack wasn’t convincing.

In the first place, if they could eliminate the intruders by counter attacking, there wouldn’t be any reason to let Dino be attacked by Zero.

(If that’s the case, what is Rimuru-sama’s true intention?)

Shuna widened her eyes as she watched Ramiris frolicking around.

(Could it be… he doesn’t want to kill Dino-sama―）

Rimuru and Dino had gotten along well; they often joked with each other.

So had Ramiris.

They parted as enemies, but Rimuru didn’t wish to kill Dino.

Although it she wasn’t sure whether it was a request from Ramiris or it was Rimuru’s intention from the start, Shuna had a hunch she was right.

If that were true, then she could understand Ramiris’s attitude and the aim of such a convoluted strategy.

Then, all she had to do was to see it through to the end.

They only had to wait for Dino and Zero’s next moves.

(Whatever the result will be, everything is dancing in Rimuru-sama’s palm.)

Shuna nodded in satisfaction as she looked back towards the big screen.

In truth, Rimuru hadn’t thought that far when he gave his orders.

He had warned about the encroachment of the labyrinth from the predicted ability of the completed『Evil Dragon Lord Azi Dahaka』.

And the only orders he gave were to minimize casualties, based on the actions he predicted Zero would take.

Rimuru didn’t expect that Zegion would corner Zero like that at all.

But Shuna was right about one thing: Dino’s treatment.

He only discussed the matter with Ramiris and didn’t tell Benimaru.

And that was why he left it all to Ramiris.

　　　　　　◇◇◇

At the same time that Ramiris and Benimaru finished their explanation, Zero, spurred by Zegion, furiously worked to finish his assimilation with the labyrinth.

「The assimilation rate has reached 99%! All members prepare to evacuate soon!」

Ramiris shouted, and Benimaru issued the command.

As ordered, the assault force, having been forewarned, transferred back to to the control room.

Once Zero’s assimilation completed, it was highly likely that any transfers would be obstructed, so they had to do it at the last possible moment.

And so, the operation succeeded.

「I have returned now, Ramiris-sama.」

Representing the assault force, Beretta announced their return.

Everything went as planned.

「Ok, thanks for the hard work!

In accordance with the enemy’s actions, the isolated labyrinth is to be ejected into the『Infinite Corridor』as planned.

However, on the off chance that it fails, we will enter an all-out battle.

It goes without saying that it’s dangerous to let the enemy come to this place.

Everyone stand by, ready to attack again, just in case that ends up happening!」

Everyone showed acknowledged Benimaru’s words.

How would Zero move and how Dino would respond to it?

They had to wait and see.

There was a high possibility that an intense battle would occur, depending on what happened

Of course, there was no one in this room that would be unprepared.

「Lastly, it goes without saying that Rimuru-sama’s survival is to be kept as a secret like before.」

With that said, Benimaru concluded his orders.

Naturally, they couldn’t expect help from Rimuru, nor did they plan to do so.

They were ordered to defend the labyrinth, and were prepared to devote their body and soul doing so.

Those feelings were shared by everyone who gathered in the room.

Just as Rimuru was keeping an eye on Velda’s movements, Velda was tracking Rimuru’s movement too.

That was the reason why Rimuru decided to not return to the labyrinth.

Ciel had pointed out the possibility that the entire labyrinth would get segregated the moment Rimuru choose to appear inside the labyrinth.

It would be possible if it was Velda’s ability.

Ramiris’『Labyrinth Creation』 was a very flexible ability, but it needed an anchor to this world.

If it lost that anchor, the labyrinth itself would drift away into the space between the dimensions.

Ciel had asserted that since it was possible for Rimuru to do so, there’s no reason Velda couldn’t.

If that happened, escaping from that inter-dimensional space was possible, but it would take too much time.

By the time they returned, the world would have meet its end, which would spell their defeat.

Rimuru had said so and explained about it to Benimaru and the others

Benimaru recalled such words and nodded greatly.

(Don’t worry, Rimuru-sama. I will protect the labyrinth even if it costs my life!)

Benimaru resolved in his heart as he turned to look at the big screen.

Ramiris also similarly pondered.

(Dino, you idiot. Really, what are you doing at such a crucial moment…)

Their plan was entering the final phase.

Dino’s group was bait to lure out Zero.

If Zero retained his sanity, he might cooperate with Dino.

There was also a possibility that Dino would accept his fate as Zero’s food.

But―― She hoped that it wouldn’t be a boring outcome like that.

(Hey, Dino… Can’t we just fool around and experiment with things like before?)

That was her wish.

She believed in Rimuru’s strategy.

And so, She wished like a prayer, that Dino would return as her friend once again.

* * *

[1] 無慈悲な抵抗破壊因子(アナフィラキシーショック) Mujihina Teikou Hakai Inshi (Anafirakshī Shokku) Ruthless Resistance Destruction Factor.

Anaphylaxis is a severe, potentially life-threatening allergic reaction. Anaphylaxis causes your immune system to release a flood of chemicals that can cause you to go into shock — your blood pressure drops suddenly and your airways narrow, blocking breathing.





Chapter 231: Labyrinth’s Encroachment - Part 6


Beretta and Apito, who were fighting Dino, vanished suddenly in front of his eyes.

Since his feet were trapped in the ground, he could only continue to endure their torture, but it ended suddenly.

He wrote off the pleasures he had started to feel as just his imagination[1], and pondered the reason why Beretta and Apito left.

‘Why did they both leave?’

It didn’t take long for him to find out why.

He sensed a powerful energy approaching at an immense speed.

As each of the floors seemed to be on different subspaces, using『Magic Power Perception』became harder the more floors there were between him and the thing he was trying to sense.

Despite the several floors between them, Dino was immediately able to notice it.

「Hey, Ramiris! What’s going on?」

Dino asked shouting.

『Ummmm, you see, the match is temporarily postponed. If you want to continue, we’ll do it later!』

And the answer was an unclear one.

(I see, because Zero has completed the labyrinth’s encroachment, they panicked and ran away.

Alright, with this I’m saved.)

Dino smiled, happy to have escaped danger.

However, that was too naïve a thought.

As Rimuru predicted, Zero had completely lost his sanity after fusing with the labyrinth.

After all, Zero was a being whose ego grew by assimilating other things.

In the face of a torrent of great power, he was reduced to a beast dominated by his instincts.

However, this was as Velda expected.

Zero would absorb the energy in the surroundings, growing larger and more gigantic.

And then, he would cause everything in his vicinity to breakdown.

This was how the completed『Evil Dragon Lord Azi Dahaka』worked.

Even for someone of Zero’s caliber, he could be nothing more than a medium for the skill’s activation.

The stronger the activation medium was, the stronger the rampage state of『Evil Dragon Lord Azi Dahaka』would be.

Moreover, the labyrinth would serve as an enormous reservoir of energy.

That energy would allow the incarnated evil dragon to evolve into a being that could be considered the sixth “True Dragon[2]”.

Then, true to its malevolent nature, it would seek to annihilate each and every being within the labyrinth.

Its name, the “Berserk Evil Dragon[3]” Zero would bare its malicious fangs.

　　　　　　◇◇◇

Tremors rippled through the labyrinth.

It was because the source of the shaking was approaching the floor that Dino and co were on.

「Hey, I feel something bad is coming……?」

「What a coincidence. I feel the same too, Pico――」

Pico and Garasha conversed uneasily.

Towards those two was,

「Hey you two, forget about that and help me pull my leg out!

That Beretta bastard, he metallized the ground as he ran away……」

Dino shouted as he struggled to pull out his legs from the metallized ground.

It was like the two forgot about him, which wasn’t funny for him.

「Ahaha, sorry sorry. But, there’s such an unpleasant ability like that heh.

Can’t you turn yourself into energy with Apotheosis[4]?」

「I can’t. That damn ability caused a jamming wave, so I can't escape…」

「That demonic doll guy seemed to be stronger than the people we fought.

Hey Dino, it’s a disgrace for a spiritual life form to be trapped in physical matter.」

「Shut up. Never mind that and help me out quickly, Pico.」

「You reap what you sow, Dino. You suffer like this because you always lived slothfully.

Had you been a bit more serious, you wouldn’t be in this unsightly mess, you know?」

「I wonder about that. I think he was pretty serious there. The least he could do is resisting the pain earnestly!」

Pico and Garasha looked at Dino with eyes seeing a fool.

‘If you had time to receive the pain earnestly, you should have tried to escape seriously’ such an intention could be seen clearly from their gaze.

「Wh-what is it, you two. Even I, I have various――」

When Dino attempted to talk, that thing reached this floor.

It was the "Berserk Evil Dragon" Zero. Due to extreme hunger, he had lost the distinction between friend and foe.

「Uahh…… How can I say it, that’s Zero, he looks similar but he’s like a different person……」

「Rather than that, is that thing even Zero?」

「Not good, it seems he has lost his reasoning completely. We are in danger too.」

The three were dumbfounded, but Garasha perceived the danger promptly.

And then, she knew the meaning behind the bad premonition from a little while ago.

The “Berserk Evil Dragon” Zero attacked the three when they were caught in its sight.

Pico and Garasha had been conserving their strength in order to escape.

Garasha stepped to the front in order to repel the tentacle attacks sent out by the “Berserk Evil Dragon” Zero.

The Circle Shield equipped on her left hand transformed into a Huge Shield which didn’t suit Garasha’s slender body, the shield continuously repelled the tentacle attacks that were like a sharp lance.

Her shield’s shape resembled Gerudo’s and even the performance was almost the same.

Originally, Garasha was a defensive focused heavy warrior.

However, as Zero had fused with the labyrinth―― becoming the “Berserk Evil Dragon” Zero―― it was now possible for Zero to create tentacles from all directions.

The situation didn’t look good for Garasha as it wasn’t something that could be repelled with just one shield;

While being protected by Garasha, Pico attacked by creating numerous spears to counter the tentacles.

However, her attacks were also ineffective against the tentacles that sprung out ceaselessly.

In a match of numbers, there was no opponent that could win against the “Berserk Evil Dragon” Zero which had the energy of ”True Dragon” class.

Pico and Garasha felt their energy drop very fast, which resulted in the “Berserk Evil Dragon” Zero’s power rising even more.

「This’s not good! At this rate, we will lose all of our energy and be eaten!」

「What should we do? My defense will not last long against these attacks.

There’s a limit for me to create shields too!?」

The two dedicated themselves to self-defense now, but as long as they couldn’t defeat the problem, Zero, they were just postponing their death.

And, there was only a little time to think.

The “Berserk Evil Dragon” Zero could absorb the energy inside the labyrinth,

(What should I do? At this rate, we will be annihilated. But, then Velda-sama――)

Dino was troubled.

―― Dino, think about it carefully. Veldanava and Velda are not the same, right? ――

He recalled Ramiris’ words and steeled himself.

(Yeah, that’s right. Why did I get confused by such a matter?

What was the reason I tried to deprave and unleash Dagruel?

Wasn’t that because I want to forget the fact that Veldanava-sama is gone?

When did I start to think that Velda is Veldanava-sama?

Certainly, he has the same memories, but his personality and his way of thinking are like someone else……

Come to think of it now, it’s strange. Perhaps, he manipulated my thoughts too?

Oh well. Right now, dealing with Zero is more important!)

Dino clasped his fist and struck his cheek with full power.

There was no pain. However, it caused some considerable damage to numb the brain.

But, that blow blew away the troubles inside Dino’s mind.

「Hey, you two! I decided to revolt against that Velda bastard.

But, how about you guys? If you guys are with me as things are――」

「Ahhhhhhh, stop! I don’t care about the minor details so be quick and help us, you good for nothing!」

「That’s right, Dino. If you don’t hurry up, he will breakthrough my defenses, you know?

Since a while ago, I have summoned stacks of defensive shields consecutively, but they were all destroyed one after another.

My power is already at its limit to buy us some more time――」

「Besides, Dino. I didn’t think that this world is bad.

That thing called Octo-yaki[5] we ate when we infiltrated this country was delicious too.」

「I heard it’s made from monster ingredients, but it was unexpectedly good.」

「That’s why, I didn’t really want to participate in this war.

I only accompanied you because you were obeying Velda.」

「That’s right, Dino. The two of us will follow you.」

「You guys…...」

Dino couldn’t hide his honest wonderment to Pico and Garasha’s replies.

He was bewildered that these girls didn’t have any shred of loyalty towards Velda who’s equal to a god.

But, at the same time he thought.

‘As expected, it seems my thoughts had been manipulated’.

「Okay, I got it. It seems I have kept you two waiting for a while.」

With that been said, Dino smiled without hesitation.

While still smiling, he smoothly said「By the way, Pico. Please do something to the metallized ground around my legs!」and was rewarded with a punch from Pico, but that was a story between those two.

　　　　　　◇◇◇

Dino advanced while smiling fearlessly.

With Pico’s help, his feet were freed from the ground.

「Well, then. It’s been a long time since I got serious.」

As he murmured, his eyes that had always seemed tired were opened wide.

「Divine Weapons Manifestation![6]」

Dino had taken his combat form using Apotheosis after a long time.

His appearance became splendorous with 6 pairs of white and black shining wings.

He outfitted himself with spirit clothing similar to a jet-black colored priest robe, and summoned two swords to his hands.

The Sword of Gold, Excalibur[7] and the Sword of Dark Silver, Caliburn[8].

As the sacred treasures of God Class, both were the strongest swords tempered by the Star Heart[9].

White and black swords, Holy Sword and Demonic Sword.

Excalibur shone like gold, Caliburn’s pitch black blade was like studded with stars.

A twin swordsman who skillfully wields two opposing swords, this was how Dino fight.

Using the God class Great Sword “Crumbling Fang” was Dino’s temporary style; this was the reason why Ramiris realized that Dino hadn’t been serious before.

As Dino didn’t train the skills needed to handle a great sword with both his hands, in the previous invasion Dino’s combat only relied on his physical ability and the Hyper Mode of his Ultimate Skill『Slothful Lord Belphegor』.

If Dino had pulled out his twin swords, his ability would have surpassed Albert and Grasword.

Because Dino was the strongest swordsman in this world.

Dino walked casually and stood next to Garasha who was defending against the tentacles with her shield.

「Leave the rest to me.」

Saying so, he instantly cut all of the tentacles.

Garasha took a breather.

Although Garasha saw Dino’s figure like this for the first time in several thousand years, she felt a sense of security same as before.

(Good grief…… He’s really lazy……)

In contrast to the amazed like feelings, a smile appeared on Garasha’s face.

「Go, Dino! Send that monster flying!」

Pico cheered Dino.

Dino responded to Pico’s cheer by shrugging his shoulders slightly.

And then.

*Thunk*, *Thunk*, someone’s footsteps could be heard.

Someone came walking calmly.

And then, that person asked Dino.

「Is this how you’re when you get serious?

Even the mark of the『Deathly Butterfly[10]』 that I had carved on you was broken, heh.

Unsurprisingly. As expected, it seems my eyes weren’t wrong.

So, did you feel like apologizing to Ramiris-sama?」

That person was Zegion. Naturally he didn’t get surprised by Dino’s transformation.

He had expected that Velda couldn’t control Dino completely.

When Dino got serious, he rivaled Zegion's strength. It was possible that Dino even be stronger.

「Ahh. It was my bad, Ramiris.」

Dino obediently apologized.

Ramiris’ reaction was――

『Ohohohohohohoho! As I expected, righteousness is obviously on my side!

Okay, I’ll forgive you! So Dino――

Let’s quickly defeat that evil “True Dragon”!!』

Like that.

Dino tightened his expression and smiled wryly.

He noticed the word “True Dragon” in Ramiris’ speech just now.

(Good grief, that Zero bastard…… He ate the labyrinth and evolved into a “True Dragon”.

No―― that was Velda’s aim when he granted『Evil Dragon Lord Azi Dahaka』 to Zero.

If that’s the case, the only thing I can think of is to crush his subordinate completely.

I’m certain―― that guy wasn’t Veldanava-sama’s reincarnation.)

Dino stood forgetting about his doubt.

「D-do you want to cooperate, Zegion?」

「Of course.」

Hearing Zegion answered without any hesitation, Dino laughed.

Dino casually passed a sword to Zegion.

It was the God Class, Great Sword ”Crumbling Fang” that Dino usually used while he was pretending.

「Let’s do it. We will defeat that guy quickly; I have something to settle with Velda.」

Dino slightly nodded and said 「Take it.」, Zegion received the sword with one hand.

Then, Zegion put “Crumbling Fang” on his back.

On that moment, “Crumbling Fang” shone with a dazzling light.

As the light settled down, a pair of shining wings appeared on Zegion’s back.

This was the reborn form of “Crumbling Fang” which had fused with Zegion.

It was the moment Zegion’s new power, “Crumbling Wings”, was born.

「……So quick, it seems it acknowledged you as its master.

In the end, I wasn’t acknowledged as the master of “Crumbling Fang”…..」

Dino complained.

Zegion didn’t mind him, and then he handed over something he was holding in his hand to Pico.

「Kyuiーー!!」

It was the Minidora, Gaia.

Before Zegion came to defeat Zero, he was looking after and protecting Gaia inside the labyrinth.

「That dragon is Demon Lord Milim-sama’s pet. You better treat him carefully.」

「Eh, ah? Wait!?」

Pico panicked.

‘Why me?' so she lamented, but it could be said the role suited her.

As Garasha concentrated on her defense, only Pico was available.

Even while they were conversing, the attack of the tentacles didn’t cease.

Dino repelled everything.

And so, the people left behind inside the labyrinth were ready.

As for Dino and Zegion.

Next was their turn time for a counterattack.

* * *

[1] A Masochist’s awakening??? XD

[2] 竜種 Ryuu Shu, Literally Dragon Kind/Species/Race, True Dragon is how Clown had translated it since the start, if you guys want to change it, I’ll change it in the future and past chapters.

[3] 狂邪竜 Kyou Jaryuu. 狂 is kanji for lunatic, insane, crary, it’s also the first kanji for Berserker too.

[4] 生体神格化 Seitai Shinkakuka - Living Deitification.

[5] It’s half katakana half kanji, オクト焼 Okutoyaki. It’s Takoyaki xD

[6] 神格武装発現 Shinkaku Busou Hatsugen.

[7] 黄金の剣(エクスカリバー) Ougon no Ken, Ekusukaribaa~.

[8] 闇銀の剣(カリバーン) Yamigin no Ken, Kalibaan.

[9] 星の核(スターハート) Hoshi no Kaku (Sutaa Haato).

[10] 死刻蝶 Shikakuchou.





Chapter 232: Labyrinth’s Encroachment - Part 7


Dino and Zegion. The unlikely pair were squaring off against the “Berserk Evil Dragon” Zero and repelled his attacks.

Their aim was to get outside the labyrinth, in other words to escape from Zero’s body.

「Oh man, this is going on forever……」

Dino grumbled while annihilating the attacking Zero’s clones with Deep Bullet[1].

Zero seemed to be able to endlessly spawn his clones with the power he had acquired as he fused completely with the isolated labyrinth.

As each of the clones had the same strength as Zero before he evolved, and they could regenerate numerous times.

Killing the clones was a futile effort, as the corpses would just revive.

After all, since Zero’s main body was the labyrinth itself, he could absorb all the energy used inside the labyrinth.

「Using emission type techniques are meaningless. You should know that such actions benefit the enemy more.」

Zegion warned Dino while he minced Zero’s clones with his shining wings.

Zegion pulverized his enemy with his new ability “Crumbling Wings, Kuzuha[2]” by vibrating his wings. By generating directional high frequency waves which cut everything that they came in contact with.

Moreover, by combining it with Zegion’s magic power, it was possible to change its property depending on the enemy’s waveform.

In addition to All Heaven Sight, Zegion had acquired the means to attack in all directions, it could be said that his blind spot had disappeared.

Even with all of that, Zegion had never used any emission type abilities ever since he joined forces with Dino.

He handled the incoming enemies with direct blows and slashes of his wings.

The reason was the aforementioned labyrinth’s power.

Zegion was familiar with its nature as he was its strongest guardian.

Dino’s energy was enormous, his total energy surpassed Zegion’s.

However, that didn’t mean it was inexhaustible.

It wasn’t a problem for Dino to shoot tens of thousands of magic bullets, but it would be a different story as all of the energy was absorbed by the enemy.

「Seriously? Then, does that mean Zero is applying Ramiris’ labyrinth power on himself?」

Zegion answered Dino’s question by silently nodding.

Looking at Zegion, Dino immediately depressed.

Zero’s clones could regenerate until the labyrinth’s energy ran out. The clones’ ability was equally the same as if Multiple Existence was used.

All of the Zeros were moving under the same drive.

The only saving grace was that they couldn’t use techniques since Zero’s ego had collapsed.

However, a “True Dragon” was still a true dragon class.

Looking at only his energy, it was a terrifying thing to be felt as he easily surpassed Dino’s.

「Hey, Ramiris! Does the labyrinth have any weakness? They keep reviving no matter how many times we kill them, you know!?」

『Don’t be stupid! My labyrinth has no such thing as a weakness!

Inside the Infinite Floors, communication to the outside is sealed. Such a thing as escaping would be impossible!』

「Idiot! Don’t brag!! Then, how can you communicate with us right now? 」

『Ahh, that’s because――』

According to Ramiris’ explanation, the inside of the “Berserk Evil Dragon” Zero, the labyrinth itself, was a completely isolated space.

It became a subspace where communication was impossible, whether it was with『Telepathy』or『Thought Transmission』.

However, by following Rimuru’s instructions as he had predicted this predicament, the countermeasures were perfect.

This time, it was possible to communicate through Zegion.

Exchanging information became possible through the “Soul Corridor” between Zegion and Rimuru.

And so, the connection of this “Soul Corridor” became the key to escape from the ”Berserk Evil Dragon” Zero’s body.

「In other words, we weren’t walking around aimlessly……」

Dino was relieved hearing Ramiris’ explanation as he was tired of continuing to walk through seemingly endless passages without any sign of an exit.

Dino’s swords cut the approaching Zero’s clones and tentacles that grew from the ground and wall.

His twin swords, the Holy Sword and the Demonic Sword, were shining and clad in white and black aura respectively.

In order to suppress the release of energy, Dino changed his fighting style to cladding his swords with fighting spirit.

Dino appeared to repel the enemy easily, but that was because his sword skills were excellent.

Although Zero lost his ego, there was no doubt that Zero was dangerous as he was attacking out of instinct.

Because Dino was abnormally strong, as if he went through an uninhabited plain, the enemies couldn’t get close to Dino.

There was needless to say about his companion, Zegion.

Dino and Zegion walked side by side and disposed of any hindrances.

Pico was walking in the center while carrying Gaia, Garasha was responsible for being vigilant and protecting their rear.

Saving their energy as much as possible and dealing with everything with just swords was much harder than they had thought.

It didn’t mean they got tired physically, but it was more of a mental fatigue.

Although Dino thought that it would be better to stay put in one place which was easy to defend without moving around, as it was useless even if they defeated the enemies……

According to Ramiris, such an action wasn’t futile, but it would be best for them to head towards the nearest outer wall.

In the first place, it wasn’t a good idea to stay in one place because they were inside the enemy’s playing field where the area itself could be rearranged freely by the enemy.

『Well, that’s the reason, so can you guys go towards the designated point?』

「Got it. So, what do we do when we get there?」

『Let loose. Use your strongest attacks, and escape through the wall with full power!』

「……we can do that?」

『Whether you can or can’t doesn’t matter, just do it. Besides, there’s no other way to escape, you know?』

「Ah, okay.」

Dino judged that it was useless to ask any further.

Since Ramiris said there was no other way, he guessed he had no other choice but to do it.

What left was whether it was possible or not.

Because it was their strongest attack, they probably didn’t need to consider the energy consumption.

Because there was no need to worry about a little consumption as long as they passed through the wall.

Now, it was about how much power was needed for it.

Dino considered his abilities.

First of all was the Ultimate Skill『Slothful Lord Belphegor』, which he had acquired without his permission even though he had no intention to gain it.

It was a skill specialized in mental attacks.

By incorporating the Perception Obstruction of the Ultimate Skill『Slothful Lord Belphegor』, Dino strengthened the unfamiliar great sword he used into a phantasmagoric sword which he could transform freely.

Its affinity with Dino’s current dual swords needed no mention.

However, its effect was weak against someone in a rampage state like Zero. It was very unfortunate that『Slothful Lord Belphegor』wasn’t useful.

He also thought of unleashing the full power of his abilities, but if that failed he won’t have another chance. Dino deemed it would be better to reserve it as his trump card.

Then what should he do?

(Guess I have no other choice but to use it…...)

Dino sighed as he gave up and decided to use his last resort which he wanted to keep hidden.

　　　　　　◇◇◇

Inside the control room, Ramiris and the others were also very busy dealing with the situation.

As it was unclear whether Dino deemed Velda as an enemy or not, they were preparing the countermeasures for both situations.

If Dino teamed up with Zero and let himself be eaten, they had planned to release the isolated part into the『Infinite Corridor』.

But, if Dino became an ally, they had to help him escape from inside of Zero safely.

If it was just Zegion, the plan was to forcibly do space transfer based on his location information via “Soul Corridor” and escape.

Using an attack to punch a hole through the wall momentarily, it would be possible to transfer to the outside through that gap.

However, in order to escape together with Dino’s group, they had to make a big hole in the wall.

To transfer in an unstable state was dangerous.

It would be fine if it was just Dino, but as Pico and Garasha were weaker when compared to Zegion and Dino, it was doubtful whether they would be able to endure the transfer through the subspace outside the labyrinth.

Therefore, it was necessary for the preparation to be in a perfect situation.

Besides, there was another problem.

Zero had evolved into a “True Dragon”.

Although Rimuru had informed them about the possibility, because Rimuru’s words were vague like『Hmm, it would be alright, probably.』, they thought it wasn’t an important matter.

In the unlikely event that such a situation became reality, they were to contact him immediately.

So, while Ramiris became Zegion and co’s navigation[3], Benimaru was contacting Rimuru.

And so, the operators inside the control room accomplished their works following the manual provided beforehand.

「Kufufufufu. Unbelievable, for a “True Dragon” to be really born!

As expected of Rimuru-sama, it looks like he had predicted everything.」

An excited laughter echoed inside the control room.

It came from Diablo.

Rimuru had ordered him to go to the control room.

Diablo instructed the operators, who were panicking to stand up, to continue their work as they were with his hand.

As usual, Diablo terrified the demon operators.

「Oh, Diablo. You’re so fast.」

「Of course. There would be no problem in ignoring Zero, if his evolution ended after he fused with the labyrinth……

However, since he has become a new “True Dragon”, we can’t leave him alone.」

「That’s for sure. However, I have heard about the possibility, yet I’m still surprised…..

As expected of Rimuru-sama, he had predicted things this far.」

「What are you saying. That goes without saying.

Leaving that aside, Benimaru-dono, it looks like your recovery is still insufficient.

Let me give you some of my energy.」

「Oh, that’ll be helpful. I thought that my recovery rate was insufficient if I want to destroy that.」

The amount Benimaru had recovered was less than half.

Therefore, Diablo transferred his energy to him.

It was an impossible method for everyone else, but it was possible for Diablo who could manipulate the energy of Rimuru’s『Nihility Collapse[4]』.

While watching those two, Ramiris said,

「The only members here who can move in that space are Diablo, Zegion and Benimaru.

Benimaru, you can use 『Space-Time Control』properly right?」

「Certainly, Ramiris-sama. Although I only just got the hang of it.」

「Okay then! With this, all of the cards have been assembled, I guess?[5]

We might need to call Master or Rimuru if Dino didn’t join our side.」

「Veldora-sama might be busy right now. He probably can’t spare any of his time for that.」

「I see~. Well then, I will have to make you guys work hard.

It would be bad if we didn’t make Dino come to his senses!」

「Kufufufufufu. That is exactly as planned.

Rimuru-sama believed that Dino-sama would join our side.」

「As expected of Rimuru. Well, I also believed that Dino will change his mind!」

Even while Ramiris was gleefully talking with Diablo, everyone was working without stopping.

And so, the preparations were finally complete.

「Well, are you guys ready? Okay then, let the final plan begin~!!」

Along with Ramiris’ command, the final plan was set into motion.

　　　　　　◇◇◇

Dino and the others reached the point designated by Ramiris.

All that's left for them was to act together with the signal.

Ramiris began explaining to Dino and co.

『Okay? First, you guys need to escape from there.

I want you guys to pierce the wall using medium-level power.

Then, the two people over there and Gaia will jump out with Zegion and Dino’s barrier protecting them.

After that, you guys have to return back after destroying that abominable evil dragon!』

Dino was staring in puzzlement.

He couldn’t understand the content of the words Ramiris said.

――”Medium?” Dino didn’t understand the meaning of it.

――”Destroying that abominable Evil Dragon？” He had no idea how.

「Hey. HEY HEY HEY HEY! WAIT PLEASE!

What are you saying? You’re counting me as a member of the evil dragon subjugation, aren’t you!?」

He wanted to ask about the Medium-thingy, but the evil dragon subjugation was a bigger problem than it.

Dino objected in panic, he didn’t want to be made as a member without his consent.

However, such a thing won’t work on Ramiris.

『Hey you.

You could prostrate before me in order to get my forgiveness, right?

If you don’t score some good points here, I wonder what will happen……

You won’t be able to imagine it, right?」

Dino had no other choice but to submit to Ramiris’ threats.

In addition to being an opponent he couldn’t triumph against in a quarrel since the olden days, Dino was in a weak spot this time.

Dino tearfully steeled himself.

「Got it. Then, what do you mean "medium"?」

『You don’t even know about that?

It means to use enough of your power to make a hole in the wall but don’t use up all of your power!』

「Wait! Like hell I could understand such vague explanations……

Besides, you said to go full power before!」

『Aaah, geez! You’re so noisy about such trivial things……

Don’t mind the minor details, go open a hole in the wall and escape.

After you escape, save a portion of your power for your strongest attack to destroy that evil dragon!』

Ramiris one-sidedly showered Dino with words.

In short, he could understand that what she was trying to say was to break the wall while saving enough power to attack the evil dragon.

(Good grief, she’s really irresponsible. But it's not like I'm the one to talk, though.)

It seemed that two people who behave alike could get along surprisingly well with each other.

「Alright, let’s escape quickly!」

Dino leisurely took a stance.

He no longer thought of being stingy with using his ability.

Now, what he needed to do was to match his timing with Zegion to Pico and Garasha, and break the wall.

『Good, protect them with your barrier properly, okay?

Otherwise, they would get swallowed up by the subspace and get blown away to no one knows where!」

Dino nodded to Ramiris’ warning.

Aside from Zegion who was connected via “Soul Corridor”, Dino and co who didn’t have firm bonds, had no foothold inside the subspace.

Still, Dino could manage it somehow, but he predicted that Pico and Garasha would get swept away easily by the subspace.

If they were swallowed up by the phase fluctuation inside the subspace, it would be impossible to predict what kind of different dimension and space they would get blown into.

Because it was a different space where the flow of time could get distorted, it would be hopeless to return to the same spot once you got swept away.

Even for Pico and Garasha who were of the awakened demon lord class, it would be difficult for them to maintain their existences inside the subspace.

The minimum requirement for that was to own the『Space-Time Control』skill.

It was an ultimate ability that nobody else had apart from Diablo, Zegion and Benimaru, who finally could use it.

「Listen, you two wouldn’t be able to move inside the subspace.

Therefore, grab onto me tightly, okay? I don't think you can come back once you get swept away.」

「Understood. I probably won’t die, but I don’t know where I will end up going to.」

「Dino, can I trust you?」

「Leave it to me. Now that we’ve come this far, we just have to do it.」

The three of them were having such a conversation.

At that time, Zegion took out something from his『Space Warehouse[6]』and offered it to Dino.

「Take it.」

Dino took it as he was coerced by Zegion’s attitude that won’t let him say yes or no.

It was a small, round orb.

「Huh, this thing is the pseudo core[7] that Rimuru uses to play, right?」

Dino’s question was met with silence.

It seemed Zegion had no intention to answer it.

While Dino was grumbling quietly「Okay, whatever……」with sad eyes, he tucked the orb into his pocket.

The preparation was complete.

Things won’t end just with escaping; there would be work to do afterwards.

Dino understood this well and paid close attention so that his power distribution won’t be wrong.

And then――

At the same time with Ramiris’ signal, the four people inside Zero released their power.

* * *

[1] 濃縮魔力弾(ディープブレット) Noushuku Maryokudan (Diipu Buretto) Condensed Magic Bullet.

[2] 崩羽(クズハ) Houhane/Kuzuha. Fuse-sensei gives us the furigana for it. 羽 could mean feathers, but using (Insect) wings would be the correct one imo.

[3] 道案内(ナビゲート) Michiannai (Nabigeito). Written as Guidepost/Guide, read as Navigation.

[4] I’ll use this from now on and will change it from the past chapters later.

[5] 面子 Mentsu (Meld/Melded tiles), Ramiris used a mahjong term for combination of tiles that form a set. Think this as you get all of Ex◯◯ia cards in your hand XD.

[6] 空間倉庫 Kuukan Souko. Space/Spatial Warehouse/Storehouse.

[7] 宝珠(ギジコン) Houju (Giji Kon). Houju mean Sacred/Precious Gem/Orb, Giji mean Pseudo/Artificial, Kon is from 疑似魂 (Gijikon) which mean Artificial/Pseudo Soul/Spirit. A pseudo core for a pseudo soul. This orb is what Rimuru and co used to play with their avatars inside the labyrinth.





Chapter 233: Labyrinth’s Encroachment - Part 8 -Conclusion-


Dino had a hidden ability.

Ultimate Skill『Fallen Lord Luciel[1]』, one of the oldest ultimate abilities.

It had the abilities of both Guy’s『Prideful Lord Lucifer』and Milim’s『Wrathful Lord Satanael』.

However, its performance was inferior to Guy and Milim’s ability.

Therefore, Dino deeply understood that 『Fallen Lord Luciel』would be meaningless against Guy and Milim.

Dino was “Stellar Lord Dragon” Veldanava’s trusted retainer.

He was always by his side, crossing battlefields as Veldanava’s sword.

He had become the Strongest Swordsman at that time.

And then, the world had been pacified and conflict had vanished from the world.

Afterwards, Veldanava gave him the task of being the surface’s guardian, travelling around the world.

However――

As if his Master were waiting for Dino’s absence, Veldanava, died.

Veldanava's beloved wife, Lucia, had also gone with him.

In his fury, Dino destroyed that foolish country.

At that time, what he acquired was Ultimate Skill『Fallen Lord Lucifel』.

His Ultimate Skill『Sky Lord Luciel[2]』which was originally given to him by Veldanava had transformed.

Fueled by his raging wrath and hatred. Dino did everything he could for destruction.

Without being sensed by Demon Lord Guy Crimson, Dino swiftly exacted his vengeance.

However, that never made Dino feel better.

He thought about destroying the world itself, but remembering Milim, the orphaned child of Veldanava and Lucia, calmed his raging heart.

Then several thousand years passed.

While losing his reason to live, Dino continued his duty as the guardian of the surface world.

Although he himself lived lazily and only heard reports from his two subordinates.

The reason why he became a Demon Lord was to gain information.

Protecting the being called Milim from the shadow became Dino’s reason to live.

Although he never came into contact with her directly, and neither had he planned to acknowledge Milim as his master……

When Dino saw the scum Clayman hit Millim, something changed inside him.

Unique Skill『Sloth』that he had acquired unknowingly had evolved into Ultimate Skill『Slothful Lord Belphegor』.

Unique Skill『Sloth』, which Dino acquired while continuing his slothful lifestyle, had the ability to deprave the targets.

Because he ended up obtaining the skill, Dino thought about using it.

To kill time and partially to tease Dagruel, Dino played around and tried to deprave him with his Unique Skill『Sloth』.

Like Dino, Dagruel, who had dedicated his loyalty to the same deceased master, was pitiful. That was also the reason why Dino tried to untie Dagruel’s heart.

It was a completely unintended event for Dino that the ability he used for such purpose evolved into an ultimate ability.

However, even so. Dino’s fate was changed because the acquisition of this ability.

――Was it a coincidence, or perhaps, was it fate?――

Those with angel series’ ability couldn’t resist the Master Program (Ruler of the Angel), the hidden ability of Ultimate Skill『Justice Lord Michael』.

The only possible way to resist it was to offset an angel series’ ability with a demon series’ ability.

Although it had transformed.『Fallen Lord Luciel』was still a part of angel series’ ability, it couldn’t escape from Absolute Control of『Justice Lord Michael』.

However, at this moment. Here, inside the labyrinth created by Ramiris.

When Ultimate Skill『Fallen Lord Luciel』, which he had sealed for a long time, was activated, Dino realized.

(Ahh, I see. Angel series’ ability facilitated the Thought Guidance as a marker――）

Whereas the demon series were free abilities, angel series were hierarchical abilities. They were programmed to obey the order of the Supreme Being.

Dino, who had his resistance increased due to becoming a fallen angel from the start, and because he was isolated in this subspace, was now released from the Curse of Control. Once he escaped, he wouldn’t get caught for a second time.

Dino's『Slothful Lord Belphegor』offset『Fallen Lord Luciel』and he regained full control of himself.

　　　　　　◇◇◇

Dino passed through the hole on the labyrinth’s outer wall and jumped into the subspace.

When he did so, he suddenly sensed the traces of the thought interference wave from『Justice Lord Michael』against『Fallen Lord Luciel』and completed the countermeasures with『Slothful Lord Belphegor』.

Although Dino was may have been a bum, he worked fast. It wasn’t that he couldn’t work, he just didn’t want to.

That was how the man named Dino was; he would do things swiftly as possible if he was forced to do so.

It was needless to say, the best thing for him was『Not working』.

Unfortunately for Dino, however, a future of hard work awaited him.

『Good job! Now, you have one job left!』

Ramiris’ thoughts reached him even though he was separated from Zegion.

In short, he had completely succeeded in escaping from the inside of Zero’s body.

It seemed that two other people had stood waiting, Zegion promptly headed to his designated position.

Dino felt from their presence that those two’s energy level’s easily surpassed those of awakened demon lord class.

With Zegion included, the three people arranged themselves like an equilateral triangle.

(Diablo and Benimaru, is it.

――Did their energy increase again?)

Dino thought so, although he wasn’t eager to throw out a tsukkomi.

Dino quickly understood the aim of the plan and his role in it.

They were trying to annihilate Zero with the ones who had the strongest fighting power.

Dino had thought that it would be impossible to annihilate Zero seriously since destroying a “True Dragon” wasn’t easy at all…... but he realized that they were actually serious about it.

Dino also moved inside the subspace so that the lengths of the sides became equal and reached his designated position.

It was a ritual requiring no less than 4 people.

With two people, it formed a one-dimensional line of two dots connected.

With three people, it formed a two-dimensional triangle.

If it was with four people, it formed a three-dimensional tetrahedron.

In other words, they were forming a Spatial Magic Circle which far surpassed the level of the multi-layered magic circle……

And so, a tetrahedron was formed as to enclose the ”Berserk Evil Dragon” Zero.

With each person as a vertex, Zero was caught inside『Absolute Barrier[3]』.

「Kufufufufu, as expected of Demon Lord Dino-sama. It helps that you’re exceptionally observant.」

「Ahh, that’s creepy. Don’t need to use honorifics with me, Diablo.」

「Is that so? There isn’t shred of respect inside my heart, you don’t have to worry about it.」

「You’re fucking kidding right! That’s so uncalled for!? So you aren’t just being sarcastic……」

「That thing aside. Shouldn’t we end this quickly?」

「That’s right. Leave the nonsense for later.」

“Eh, why is it my fault?” Dino held back from saying those words.

It was pointless even if he said it; it could be worse as it might unnecessarily provoke Zegion’s anger.

The notion that Zegion would be someone hard to deal with had already taken root inside Dino’s mind.

「Well then, Dino-dono. The main act is yours. We will match our timing with yours.」

So Diablo said.

Benimaru and Zegion didn’t have objection either.

If it was just the three of them, it was possible for them to match their timing perfectly, but to request something like that from Dino would be harsh.

So, at the same time that Dino unleashed his technique, the three of them would follow it.

Dino had no complaints either.

Rather, he felt relieved that he wasn’t asked to do something unreasonable, such as matching his timing with theirs.

「Gotcha. Let’s go with full power!」

Dino yelled, sharpened his spirit and focused his mind in order to unleash his strongest attack.

His six pairs of white and black wings shone, as he gathered the surroundings’ magic essence and spirits into his twin swords ――

「Fallen Crusade[4]!!」

And so, he fired a white light slash and black shadow slash.

Both of the slashes intersected spectacularly at the center of the tetrahedron.

Colorless aurora filled the inside of『Absolute Barrier』.

However, the attacks on the “Berserk Evil Dragon” Zero weren’t over yet.

The moment both slashes intersected――

「End of World!!」

「Dimension Storm!!」

「Prominence Acceleration!!」

Several super special moves were unleashed.

With exquisite timing, it all reached the center of the tetrahedron as to cover Dino’s technique.

It caused a catastrophic, destructive power which was the greatest ever seen since the beginning of the universe.

The catastrophic destruction filled『Absolute Barrier』, which was created to not let such power escape.

――――Quartet Skill[5]：Breakdown Nostalgia[6]――――

The power of the four people combined as one and brought forth the ultimate destruction.

It could be said that it was fortunate that this place was a subspace.

For example, even if it was sealed by『Absolute Barrier』, just the leaked aftershock of the destructive power would be enough to wreck the surface ground.

Since it was a Quartet Skill by four of the most powerful beings in the world, the synergy produced an unimaginable result.

　　　　　　◇◇◇

You are reading this in Guro’s place.

Everyone who witnessed the spectacle was completely silenced.

Except for one person.

「Kufufu, kuha, kuhahahahaha! Amazing, what a truly amazing power!!

However, what is more amazing than all else is the existence called “True Dragon”.

Even after being bathed by such destructive power, it hasn’t been annihilated――」

While Diablo laughed loudly, he analyzed it calmly.

Exactly as he stated, only the intact “Dragon Core” remained in the center of the tetrahedron.

Although colorless, it was a mysterious orb emitting a dim shine.

Everyone was captivated as if their minds were stolen by the orb.

However, that would lead to carelessness.

The “Berserk Dragon” Zero, without thinking about his own destruction, tried to take, at the very least, one of them along with him as his last breath’s struggle.

He predicted that if one corner of the tetrahedron was destroyed, the power trapped inside『Absolute Barrier』would swallow everyone in this place.

Zero’s instinct couldn’t understand it, but if he succeeded, it would deal a massive amount of damage to the main body of Ramiris’ labyrinth.

As his malevolent instinct demanded, Zero mustered the last bit of his power to stretch out his tentacle.

That tentacle went towards Dino’s group.

「Ah――」

The first one to react was Garasha, she pulled Pico and threw her towards Dino.

She protected Pico from the tentacle with her own body, but that was her limit.

When the tentacle grasped Garasha, it dragged her into『Absolute Barrier』.

From inside Pico’s arm who had lost her balance, Gaia jumped to Garasha while it cried「Kyui~~!!」.

Everything happened instantaneously.

「Garasha!」

Although Dino shouted, he couldn’t move.

Because he understood that if he moved now,『Absolute Barrier』 would collapse.

「I’ll――」

「Stop! You’ll disappear if you enter it――」

Dino stopped Pico, who was about to jump in.

Needless to say, the power inside wasn’t something she could endure.

Even if he did that, Dino knew that he would end up losing Pico as well.

(Damn it! If only I didn’t let my guard down……)

Dino lamented, but he couldn’t do anything.

He had no other choice but to give up.

「But, then, Garasha……and also Gaia will……」

Pico appealed to Dino while thinking about her companion.

But, Pico understood it too.

There was nothing she could do.

「I don’t, I don’t like things like this…… Dino――!!」

Just one.

If there was just one possibility――

「Listen, I will give you my strength. I’ll give you all of my power, so please maintain『Absolute Barrier』with it. Garasha won’t last long if she gets dragged into the center.

So, rest assured. I’ll go and save her quickly!」

「But, that――」

「Believe me. I’ll do it right away as there’s no time.」

Dino started to take preemptive action.

Although the tentacle itself had already disappeared, it would be impossible for Garasha to get back to Dino’s with her own strength.

In any case, the destructive power produced by the Quartet Skill would be blocked by『Absolute Barrier』 and would converge in the center.

It would create a powerful gravitational force towards the center, and consigned everything into oblivion beyond the “Event Horizon[7]”.

In order to escape from there you would need to exceed the speed of light, which was practically impossible.

The space was too distorted and unstable, so activating『Transfer』was out of the question.

There was no more time to spare.

The burden on Garasha would increase exponentially the closer she got to the center.

Because Garasha was an awakened demon lord class who specialized in defense, she could only manage to maintain her barrier somehow.

「Then, brace yourself. The energy transfers will begin――」

「There’s no need for that.」

At the moment when Dino tried to transfer his power to Pico, a voice could be heard from Dino’s pocket.

And then the small, round orb shone brightly.

It was the pseudo core Rimuru used to play with, which Dino got from Zegion before the plan started.

As the orb floated and drifted in the subspace, it shone intensely just for a moment.

And then, a feminine figure manifested from it.

That person suddenly appeared in front of Dino with his bluish-silver hair fluttering.

And then that person tapped Dino’s shoulder lightly, while jovially said「Well then, I’m going out for a bit.」, and flew into『Absolute Barrier』where a storm of power raging inside.

　　　　　　◇◇◇

Garasha saw her life flash before her eyes like a revolving lantern[8].

She had gotten caught by the tentacle while trying to save Pico.

At that point, she had given up on her life.

Because she couldn’t believe that a fallen angel like her, nonetheless an awakened demon lord class, would be able to withstand the vortex of ultra-high density destructive energy that could even destroy a “True Dragon”.

As she approached the center, the burden on Garasha’s body increased.

Even so, she still could hold on herself, thanks to Gaia, the small dragon inside her embrace.

Gaia had a hard time assisting Garasha’s defense barrier, they barely succeeded in neutralizing the destructive power.

But, it was only a matter of time.

A Quartet Skill of four of the most powerful beings in this world.

It produced an unimaginable destructive power which this world had never experienced before.

Garasha’s senses couldn’t understand the extent of its greatness.

「You’re a fool, aren’t you? There was no need for you to follow me……

It's a pity, but I can’t help you anymore――」

「Kyui?」

Garasha muttered so and gently patted Gaia who was in her embrace.

And then, she resigned herself to fate and calmly waited for her impending doom…...

But, that time never came.

The reason why was――

　−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−−

That was a close call.

If Ciel was just a little bit late in creating a new ability, we would have lost Gaia.

If that happened, I can't even imagine how angry Milim would be...

I get the shivers just by thinking about it.

Not to mention, Dino tried to jump in to help them; there’s a better place for such recklessness.

Even if there were 2 people of awakened demon lord class, I wasn't sure they can reach the speed of light.

It was a black hole. Not even light could escape, so even if they reached 99% the speed of light, it would still be meaningless.

They might be able to escape if they haven’t reached the core yet, but it will be a very risky gamble. It isn’t something you can do it somehow just with willpower.

So, how could I do it?

Naturally, I wouldn't do something like moving beyond the speed of light.

And yet, there was a simple reason why I could say that I ended up fine.

If you can stop time, you don’t have to think about speed.

That’s the freedom to move beyond the speed of light.

But, I didn't need to do that this time.

Because I can neutralize it to a certain degree with『Nihility Barrier[9]』of my『Nihility Collapse』.

Things that come into contact with the barrier are assimilated and converted into nihility energy.

That’s the characteristic of『Nihility Barrier』.

Instead of escaping, endure it till the end. This may be the only way.

Well, even if it fails by any chance, I will be absolutely safe.

After all, it’s because the new ability Ciel had created, 『Multiple Existence』was incorporated into Ultimate Skill『Void God Azathoth』.

It was an ability Ciel made after she finished analyzing Ultimate Skill『Evil Dragon Azi Dahaka』, I could create clones which all connected with this ability.

Thanks to this ability, I didn’t need to be cautious of Velda anymore.

Thus I revealed myself, but I think that it was still impossible, even for Velda, to sense me in this subspace.

Still, I shouldn't carelessly rule out the worst case scenario.

However, there’s no problem for now.

Even if he sensed me and isolated Ramiris’ labyrinth, my clone which can also called as my main body still exists in the Imaginary Space.

If Velda did isolate the labyrinth, there’s a possibility that the connection with the main body will be cut off, but it will be easy to ascertain that if both sides detect each other.

After all, both are me.

It’s a weird sensation, but Parallel Thought works without much difficulty, so there’s no problem even when doing different actions.

It wasn’t a half-baked version like the one Vega used. It could be said that since Ciel had completed this『Multiple Existence』ability, destroying me would be a nigh impossible task.

Each of my『Multiple Existence』were connected through the “Soul Corridor”.

That being said, I was still in the practice stage; it’s the stage where I can’t manifest unless I use the orb that I used to play with before.

Oh well, if I keep on practicing soon I’ll able to do it easily.

So, even in the unlikely event that I die, it would end with just the orb being broken.

Even in this situation, wondering how to soothe Milim’s temper is a bigger problem for me, but that was just another story.

「Yo-you are……!?」

Garasha, Dino’s companion, who I saved together with Gaia, asked me while looking at me with surprised eyes.

I thought I knew her face, but I guess this was our first meeting.

「Hm, ahh. Nice to meet you? I’m Demon Lord Rimuru.」

I greeted her within the barrier.

Garasha looks speechless and couldn’t speak properly.

Is she nervous? Oh well, I don’t mind.

Thus, I was able to retrieve both Gaia and Garasha safely, now all we needed to do was to wait till the storm calm down.

As I thought that, I saw the ”Dragon Core” in the center of the tetrahedron.

「If you had that, you might become a real “True Dragon” too.」

I nonchalantly said so to Gaia who was being hugged by Garasha. That was a blunder.

I didn’t particularly plan to say so, and yet――

「Kyui~~!!」

Gaia jumped out from my『Nihility Barrier』 with an enthusiastic cry,

「Wai-, you!」

I called out, but it was already too late.

By the time my voice came out, Gaia was already outside the barrier.

And then, Gaia got disintegrated instantly after being exposed to the ultra-high dense energy outside my barrier. The orb which represented Gaia broke apart and disappeared.

That means Gaia has been annihilated.

《As expected of Master. I thought the same thing too.》

“What do I need to do for Milim to forgive me”――While I was thinking about such thing, I heard Ciel’s calm voice.

“Huh? What are you saying, Ciel?” I questioned, but it can’t be helped

It’s like I had led Gaia to suicide, it would be something that Milim will never forgive me for even if it was unintentional.

I didn’t really mean it when I said that Gaia can become a real “True Dragon”……

Ehh, it can’t be!?

At the same time that I thought of the possibility, the “Dragon Core” conspicuously glowed and flickered at the center of the tetrahedron.

《You’re aware that a True Dragon won’t really disappear, right?

The same also applies to Zero who had become the insane, destructive “Berserk Evil Dragon”.

He will revive again somewhere in the world and will just try to accomplish his mission as the “Berserk Evil Dragon” that was given to him by Velda.

That’s the reason why Velda created the pseudo “Dragon Core” called『Evil Dragon Lord Azi Dahaka』.

However, this matter will be different if a new heart arises inside that “Dragon Core”.

If it’s Gaia who has fragments of Dragon Factor, it can be said that he possesses enough qualifications for it.》

As Ciel’s explanation ended, a miracle was happening outside the barrier as if to prove her right.

In short, Gaia became a “True Dragon”.

I was just joking, but for my joke becoming reality is just scary.

As there’s a saying: “Truth comes out of falsehood[10]”, the words I said have really come true.

Gaia got disintegrated instantly, but the heart that held the Will reached the “Dragon Core”.

Then, it seems Gaia has succeeded in taking it over.

In the end, Ciel removed the insanity from it.

All of the raging energy was suppressed and a beautiful blue dragon has manifested.

Excluding me, Gaia can be called as the fifth ‘True Dragon”. After all, I’m not really strictly a “True Dragon”.

Gaia’s body gave off an azure gleam more radiant than a jewel

Unlike Veldora and his siblings, Gaia was shaped more like an oriental dragon.

Is Gaia, Veldora’s younger brother or younger sister?

Whichever Gaia chooses to be, getting a new sibling is a good thing for that guy.

「Kyui~~!!」

Gaia gleefully, raised a happy cry.

It doesn’t seem he can speak yet.

Although he gained wisdom and knowledge fast enough, I guess that is because he was just now born.

「Haha, to think you would really succeed. Well done, Gaia!

Oh right, in this opportunity, I’ll think of a “Nickname” for you as well.」

Veldora was called “Storm Dragon” while Velgrind was “Scorch Dragon”.

If he becomes their younger brother/sister, Gaia should also have an official name.

Okay――

「Alright, I’ve decided it. You’re “Earth Sovereign Dragon[11]” from now on!

As you’re Veldora’s brother, how about calling you as “Earth Sovereign Dragon” Velgaia?」

As he’s glittering, I just named him without hesitation.

That was the moment of the birth of the Fifth Dragon, “Earth Sovereign Dragon” Velgaia.

As the surrounding power storm vanishes,『Absolute Barrier』has disappeared too.

A beautiful dragon was born while the threat was gone.

Diablo, Benimaru Zegion and even Dino and co.

I see everyone flying towards me.

However, since I was deprived of a lot of magic essence because of the naming, it became difficult to maintain my clone’s existence――

(Hey, even this count as naming too……)

《――Obviously…...》

The last thing I heard was Ciel's amazed voice before I confirmed that the connection with the orb had been cut.

You are reading this in Guro’s place.

* * *

[1] 堕天之王(ルシフェル) Daten no Ou (Rushiferu). I’m using Luciel in order to differentiate it with Guy’s. Btw Guy’s Lucifer is using ルシファー Rushifaa. Some stories told that Luciel probably was Lucifer’s true name before his fall. Btw, this like how there’s Lucifer and Lucilius in GBF even though their katakana means the same in English.

[2] 天空之王(ルシフェル) Tenkuu no Ou (Rushiferu).

[3] 絶界Zekkai, Absolute Boundary/Barrier

[4] 天魔双撃覇(フォールンクルセイド) Tenma Sougekiha (Fōrun Kuruseido) = Heaven Demon Supreme Twinstrike.

[5] 四重複合絶技(カルテットスキル) Yonjuu Fukugou Zetsugi (Quartet Skill) = Quadruple Combined Special Move.

[6] 絶撃追憶滅光崩(ブレイクダウンノスタルジア) Zeggeki Tsuioku Metsu Hikari Hou (Bureikudaun Nosutarujia) = Absolute Reminiscence Strike of the Disintegration Light. Uhh whatever with the Kanji xD.

[7] Event horizon is boundary marking the limits of a black hole. At the event horizon, the escape velocity is equal to the speed of light. Since general relativity states that nothing can travel faster than the speed of light, nothing inside the event horizon can ever cross the boundary and escape beyond it, including light. Thus, nothing that enters a black hole can get out or can be observed from outside the event horizon.

[8] Revolving lantern (Soumatou) refer to the flashback phenomenon before death according to Asian superstitions. The flashback is often compiled of key, happy memories that one had experienced within his or her life time.

[9] 虚無結界 Kyomu Kekkai.

[10] Variation is “Many a true word is spoken in jest”

[11] 地帝竜 Chitei Ryuu, Earth Monarch/Emperor Dragon.





Chapter 234: Archangel’s Domination


I could recover relatively easy from the sleep mode this time.

Or rather, it would be more accurate to say that the connection to my clone was cut.

My main body was still hiding in『Imaginary Space』. Even if one of my parallel existences spent too much power, it turned out that there was no effect on the main body.

I guess I could say that we had carried out an unplanned experiment this time.

In truth, the main body wasn't affected only because Ciel had cut off the connection.

She really is a reliable partner.

So, it was normal that I woke up so quickly.

I just have to reconnect with the orb once more.

I was being carried to the control room when I woke up.

It seemed everyone had promptly escaped from the subspace.

I guess that’s expected since there’s no more business there.

Thanks to my energy being deprived by Gaia, my presence was faint.

I figured that it would be fine since I didn't need to worry about Velda noticing me like this.

My main body was recovering energy in『Imaginary Space』.

It felt really weird having two consciousnesses at the same time.

Well, I had to start getting used to it.

After all, it was very convenient.

For argument’s sake, even if Velda had tried to seal the labyrinth when he noticed my presence, I could now grasp Velda’s present position with my real body and『Multiple Parallel Existence』.

Being able to be in two places at once is more convenient than I imagined.

I didn't think I really had to worry about being discovered, but I preferred to avoid trouble as much as possible.

I didn't want to alert Velda of my presence yet, since I wanted to catch him off guard when I took action.

For better or worse, the clone I was possessing through the orb had an energy level close to that of a human, since the majority of its strength hadn’t recovered yet.

I decided to make use of this state and let the connection of the energy with my main body remain blocked.

The clone could also recover its energy naturally, but I also suppressed that.

With this, I can appear in front of everyone without worries.

Gaia was laying on top of my stomach.

He should have grown with an elongated large body about 20m long, but it seems he had reverted to his 50cm long minidora form now. Apparently, he still can’t humanize so he reverted to his previous form.

It was really interesting to see whether he would become a male or a female. However, I figured it would take a while for that to be shown.

It seemed I woke up right when I was about to be laid down on a chair.

I got up from the chair and caressed Gaia.

「Rimuru-sama, you have woken up?」

Noticing my movement, Diablo asks me reverently, I nod and answer him with「Yeah」.

And then, I received the explanation about what happened while I was unconscious.

　　　　　　◇◇◇

Several things had occurred after I went to sleep mode.

First off, something happened to Gaia.

When I named him Velgaia, his power stabilized into a “True Dragon” class and he awakened a fearsome ability.

――Inherent Skill『All Creation Embodiment[1]』――

It was a special skill that combined『Arms Creation[2]』and『Material Transformation[3]』 that the demons use.

However, its scale and quality are on a different level.

It is an outrageous ability comparable with Ramiris’『Labyrinth creation』.

After all, it can be said that it has an incredible power that makes Gaia capable of reproducing things from memory.

For example, it seemed that he could recreate 75 floors of the labyrinth that should have been eaten by Zero.

Such a thing was impossible even for Veldora-san, his older brother. Gaia may have surpassed his older brother.

Well, his maximum energy was still no match for the other True Dragons. He was still a child after all. I looked forward to what heights he would reach in the future.

By the way, Gaia’s buddies, our avatars were also amazing.

From the story I heard from Zegion, the avatars, which had switched to auto mode, were wandering around the labyrinth and they even attacked Zegion following their instinct.

Gaia joined, forming a party of five. I guess they were able to defeat Gozurl and Mezurl because their character became very aggressive.

Nevertheless, what were they thinking that make them attacking Zegion?

It didn’t make sense. They weren't foolish enough to ignore the opponent's strength.

Or maybe… Did they attack him because they knew he was a strong opponent?

I don’t think they are that aggressive, but even getting defeated can give you experience.

Maybe they had intentionally sought out the challenge.

The avatars were modeled after our personalities, so it wasn't that surprising.

No matter how you slice it, Milim, Veldora, and Ramiris were a very aggressive bunch.

But I had thought at least I was a pacifist.

「The first attack came from Rimuru-sama’s avatar, the Ghost. Immediately after the smokescreen from the flames there was a strike from the ceiling by the Slime. As I flinched, Gaia increased the gravity and the Skeleton and the Living Armor launched their Rush Attack.

Their coordination was splendid.」

Zegion praised them by saying these words.

I am shocked to hear how hyper my avatar’s personality was.

Or rather, I’m surprised that they became strong enough to earn Zegion’s praise.

Well, it seems it was a difficult fight because Zegion was careful to not destroy our avatars.

Ramiris and the others gleefully said 「Naturally!」. Oh well, it was only Ramiris who was so excited when we were using the avatars, so it might not be surprising if her memory had taken them over.

Because guessing from how Ramiris’ personality is, they probably lost their self-control.

She’s too pitiful for me to throw out a tsukkomi.

Anyway, the fact that they impressed Zegion was praiseworthy enough.

With Gaia restoring the labyrinth, the labyrinth inside returned back to its normal mode.

Everyone who was evacuated prepared to return to their respective floors.

Although the battle zone was desolated, Ramiris could easily restore them.

So much for a so-called invasion. The damage was negligible.

It ended in a total victory for the Labyrinth Defense Team.

But, this wasn’t the end. There were still 600,000 soldiers from the angel army waiting in the sky.

Before I woke up, they had been asking each other ”Who will go to intercept the angels in the sky?”.

Since everyone was so motivated, they couldn't decide who should do the honours.

I was again reminded that Tempest was full of Battle Maniacs.

When I asked Benimaru, he seems to have taken countermeasures for the time being.

As he didn’t know how the interception inside the labyrinth would end up, he had prepared ambush troops.

It seems the plan was to wait for Kumara’s return and then have her and her subordinates who are hiding in the forest to attack together.

But, because things have progressed better than he expected, the remaining hot-blooded people made a fuss.

Their leader was Apito.

She looks unsatisfied because she had been interrupted in the middle of tormenting Dino.

In the end, it was decided that Apito will be the one who would head out.

This was all what they had decided before I woke up.

The meeting continued and the decision was left up to me.

There were a lot of other people who wished to participate too.

Trainee, the dryad, and her sisters who were entrusted with the labyrinth's management, and the hundreds of treants, whom I gave temporary bodies with cultured magic dolls, are eager to fight.

They desired to crush those who had dared invade the labyrinth, their sanctuary.

They had stopped work dealing with adventurers who explored the labyrinth and stayed cooped up in the city, so they were raring to go.

In short, they had too much spare time.

As they were an “A” rank Majin class full of motivation, there was no need to pour cold water onto their burning spirit.

I listened to their complaints and accepted their participation in the counterattack strategy.

By the way, although Ramiris had accepted the matter easily, their most important concern was about repairing their body

There was some hesitation, since they were reluctant to damage the bodies that I had taken such care into making them or the like.

I just told them that I would make them new bodies if they broke it.

Then, I turned to the four dragon kings standing to protect Ramiris.

“We also wanted to rampage, but we had to prioritize protecting Ramiris.” It was written all over their faces.

While I’m smile wryly, I called out them.

「You guys want to go too, right?」

「But, we are……」

「I’ll appoint Zegion to guard Ramiris, there’s Benimaru here too.

Go rampage as you guys want. You guys don’t have many chances to fight seriously after all. You’re fine with that right, Ramiris?」

「It’s fine! You guys should go! But, as my subordinates, I won’t forgive you if you guys lose!」

Ramiris glanced and happily gave her permission to the dragon kings who are looking at her imploringly.

With just that, the the four dragons would join the fray.

In the end, the angel interception force was made up of three groups:―

The Dragon Strike Corps[4] is led by the four dragon kings, the Demonic Beast Corps[5] is led by Empress Kumara and her subordinates, her eight pets[6], and Demon Insect Corps[7] led by Apito and her three generals.

Moreover, the “A” rank dryads and treants would act separately.

Since the Demon Insect Corps was newly formed, their numbers were few.

However, the three demon insect generals, Spider, Mantis, and Butterfly, seem to be strong corps commanders who not only have the ability to regulate command but also possess considerable fighting prowess.

Moreover, these three generals, whom Apito brought forth, produced their own soldiers.

Although, for the time being, their ability only spawned only low-class soldiers ― it was a ruthless unfeeling army, just like the insects they are.

Apito looked pretty emotionless herself, but it would be rude to say it.

Because they are soldiers created from her ability, it compensated their low numbers to some extent.

It was decided that all of the powerful forces from the 70th floor and below will participate in the battle this time.

Come to think of it, this time would be the first sortie for the top corps of the labyrinth army.

They exuded a slightly different ambiance from Adalman’s Immortal Legion.

What they lacked in numbers, they made up for in quality, so I don’t have to worry about them.

The Dragon Strike Corps led by the four dragon kings who possessed dreadnought warship-class range attack capability are also participating.

With that war potential, there was no need to be afraid of the angel army whose commander can’t move flexibly on her own.

I instructed Benimaru to cooperate with them so that the casualties are to be kept minimum as much as possible and decided to leave the rest to them.

　　　　　　◇◇◇

The interception matter had been settled.

Next order of business was about Dino’s group relaxing in the labyrinth.

Dino lay on the couch, drinking tea elegantly.

It was as if he hadn't ever been our enemy moments ago. He just acted as if he were at his own home.

And meanwhile this part of the control room is still in a battle state...

Dino was acting like the battle going on outside wasn't his problem but someone else's.

「Hey. What are you relaxing for?」

Seems like Benimaru finally snapped about Dino who is asking Shuna for his tea refill like it’s normal.

Benimaru endured this pretty well.

He put the matter off since he was busy, but as the personnel selection for the interception was over, he now had the time to tackle the problem (Dino).

「Eh? Well, the fighting is already over, so I’m written as a formidable enemy, read as a friend, right?[8]

Besides, didn’t I already work hard? I also cooperated to defeat Zero.」

Dino declared ostentatiously.

The way he was winking annoyed me a lot.

It wasn't a surprise that that frivolous attitude got to Benimaru, if it even annoyed me.

But, it seems even Benimaru gave up complaining as he considered that Dino was still more or less one of the demon lords.

Meanwhile, the two women besides Dino were devouring the cakes.

「Th-this! It’s so super tasty!? There are three pieces left so I can eat one more, right?」

「Pico, don’t eat in such rush. I shall declare that I will be the one who eat the last piece.」

「Huh? What are you saying? I have the right for it too!」

「……Hey. That remaining piece is mine. You guys don’t have rights to it!」

Dino, who was speaking with Benimaru, went to secure his own share of the cake in panic.

Benimaru sighed.

In the end, a decent conversation couldn’t ensue until Dino and co finished eating their cake.

After a short break, we listened to what Dino and his companions had to say.

According to him, he apparently had received Thought Guidance from Velda.

So, although the way he keeps denying any blame made me angry, he didn't seem to be lying..

I could only doubt my ears when I heard Dino saying “Unlike Yuuki’s, don’t you think it’s possible for him to use『Justice Lord Michael』’s Forced Control with the angel series’ skill as the medium?”.

「Huh? So you are saying that there’s a possibility to be controlled by『Justice Lord Michael』if you possess Ultimate Skill of angel series?」

「I can’t say it for sure, but that’s the only thing I could think of. There’s no way a smart person like me is being deceived, right?」

Dino (The idiot) kept saying whatever he wanted.

I decided to ignore him.

But, could that be possible?『Wisdom Lord Raphael』 and『Covenant Lord Uriel』that I possess are of the angel series after all.

If what Dino’s thinking is correct, wouldn’t I have been in a pinch when Yuuki stole『Justice Lord Michael』in the empire capital?

「That’s, just probably though, if you possess demon series’ skill, you can resist it, I guess?

Although I think you can’t do it unless you completely mastered the skill and are aware of it.」

Hmm, I see.

I guess it does sound coherent if you think about it in that way.

《That’s right. Please bear in mind that since I had deployed Multiple Barrier of『Gluttonous Lord Beelzebuth』 and『Covenant Lord Uriel』, it became possible to defend against any kind of physical or mental attack before it even happens.》(Ciel-sensei)

I see, if that’s the case then I can agree why I never got controlled.

However, although I have prevented it without knowing, I guess it was outside of Yuuki’s calculation.

The reason why a villain like him quickly gave up and retreated was that his trump cards were all crushed……

「If that’s so, then there’s a risk of being controlled for those who possess angel series’ Ultimate Skill.

If I say about those with angel series’ skill…… anyone comes into mind?」

「Dunno. I have lived for a long time, but I never had any interest in what skill other people have……

I only know that Dagruel was simply strong.」

At least, if it’s Guy he might know, but I was foolish expecting Dino to know about it.

I guess Leon would be one of them.

Then, that guy named Kondou who was in the Empire. But, that person has already died.

I guess I don’t have to worry about it, as there are just a few people who possess angel series’ skill in the first place.

After all, I possess 2 of them.

Next…… among the people I know, I think Velgrind has one.

《That reminds me, when we revived Leon, I also had analyzed『Purity Lord Metatron』.

Although I had restrained myself from tampering with it without permission, as expected, it seems to be a mistake……

As there was a route of unknown usage in Velgrind’s『Charity Lord Raguel』, I have removed it when optimizing it. Since I added a mechanism in the blank part, there might be something different according to her free will.

At the very least, I think she won’t fall under『Justice Lord Michael』’s control.》

That’s it.

Ciel reported like it was nothing important, but it might be that part that became the marker for the domination.

As usual, Ciel had splendidly gone and done things as she pleased without my knowledge.

She complains about how selfish I am, but Ciel might not lose in selfishness either.

I wondered who she took after……

《……》

Oops, it would be bad if I say any further.

There’s no doubt that she is the most reliable and capable partner.

If there’s someone else who own angel series’ ability, it would be Veldora-san’s other older sister, the “Ice Dragon” Velzard, I guess?

Don’t tell me Chloe has one too……?

《I assumed the possibility that “Ice Dragon” Velzard has an Ultimate Skill of the angel series.

Moreover, I can’t deny the possibility that Chloe Aubert has one concealed too.》

Hmm……

There’s no use to be worried about things that I don’t understand.

First, I decided to contact Leon and tell him to not go out of the barrier.

Perhaps, Guy had anticipated this development which is why he appointed Mizari to Leon’s side.

If that was the case, it might have been fortunate that Guy was in that place together with Chloe, Velzard and also Velgrind.

It was Guy. He would manage it somehow.

Guy was far more capable and reliable than this unreliable lazy bum in front of me.

No, no, it would be rude to compare him with Dino.

…...Although he was unwilling at first, Veldora-san was now headed to that place too.

I felt he was quite unreliable when it came to dealing with his sisters, but he would manage it somehow or another.

At least, I hoped so.

As for me, I just wanted to beat Velda immediately.

I have acquired『Multiple Parallel Existence[9]』through a lot of efforts, but I wanted to avoid dividing my power.

Or rather, since there’s just one energy generator[10], the recovery rate will not get faster even if I divided myself.

The clones all have the same power level, so they would turn out useful if I used them correctly.

Things will work out somehow once I defeated Velda, so I decided to believe in Guy and Veldora-san who are in the northern land.

* * *

[1] 万物具現 Banbutsu Gugen, All things/All Creation Embodiment/Incarnation/Avatar/Personification.

[2] 武具創造 Bugu Souzou, Arms/Armor Creation.

[3] 物質変換 Busshitsu Henkan, Material/Substance Transformation/Conversion.

[4] 竜撃軍団 Ryuugeki Gundan, Dragon Attack/Strike/Assault Corps.

[5] 妖獣軍団 Yōjuu Gundan, Supernatural/Demonic Beast Corps.

[6] The eight beast named by Rimuru (Byakuen the White Ape, Coccus the Black Rat, Raiko the Thunder Tiger, Getto the Moon Rabbit, Youda the Winged Snake, Mink the Drowsy Sheep, Enchou the Flame Bird, and Igami the Mirror Dog). Btw, the kanji is八部衆 Hachii Bushuu which means the eight legions in Buddhism, in chapter 157, the furigana was ペット (petto).

[7] 魔蟲軍団 Mamushi Gundan, Demon Insect Corps.

[8] Does Dino just break the 4th wall? Kek.

[9] 多重並列存在 Tajuu Heiretsu Sonzai.

[10] エネルギー炉 Enerugii Ro. Energy Hearthe/Kiln/Reactor/Generator. A single source which produces/recovers energy.





Chapter 235: In the Northern Land –First Part-


As Velgrind confronted Velzard, she observed the latter’s beautiful appearance.

Radiant scales whiter than pearls covered her whole body, giving off a sheen that enthralled all who saw her body.

“Ice Dragon” Velzard, was undoubtedly the figure of the strongest dragon.

However, right now, her usual blue diamond eyes that were filled with gentleness were dyed by anger like the raging seas and let off a deep-crimson glow.

Looking at those eyes, Velgrind suddenly wondered.

――Why her older sister, Velzard, is recognizing Velda as the same person as their older brother, “Stellar Lord Dragon” Veldanava?――

At the very least, it was difficult to imagine that Velzard who had strong willpower equal to or higher than Velgrind has received some kind of mind control.

And above all else, Velzard’s specialty was specializing in all kind of defenses.

Additionally, Velzard owned Ultimate Skill『Patience Lord Gabriel』.

The ultimate defense specialization ability created from Velzard’s iron will.

Combining her original nature and her defense aspect, there was no doubt that Velzard had the strongest ability.

And, what proved this was Velzard’s unshakeable iron will.

『Patience Lord Gabriel』 was born out of her strong heart that is unfazed by anything.

That meant she had calm observing eyes that won’t be deceived by anything and an immovable mind.

It was unthinkable for Velzard to have mistaken her own older brother.

Certainly, there was no doubt that Velda had Veldanava’s memories,

But Velgrind thought that this didn’t prove that her older brother and Velda was the same person.

Did Velzard think otherwise? However――

In her long life, Velgrind had rarely seen Velzard revealing her emotions.

But right now ――

She was beside herself with rage and went mad with jealousy……

Her appearance now was far too different from the normal Velzard.

Velgrind felt a sense of incongruity from that appearance.

Moreover, there was something strange about her words to Rudra.

The words Velzard had spat out 「He’s just a human, after all」, seemed to lack of sentiments towards an old acquaintance.

Right, as if all of her emotions had been squeezed out by negative emotions such as jealousy and anger――

(As expected, I can't think of anything but that Nee-san is being controlled.)

Velgrind concluded so.

If that was the case, she declared that it was necessary to make Velzard come to her senses.

But, Velgrind, more than anyone else, knew that it wouldn’t be easy.

Certainly, if it was Velgrind, she could fight Velzard evenly.

However, that was if it was only a kind of quarrel between siblings.

If both of them fought seriously with the intention to kill, Velgrind would 100% lose to Velzard.

Possessing the highest energy after Veldanava and the ultimate defense. That was Velzard.

Although one might say that Velgrind specialized in offensive, she couldn’t breakthrough Velzard’s defense.

Similarly, Velzard’s offensive power couldn’t inflict a fatal blow on Velgrind.

It was the reason why it could be perceived as equal by the surroundings, but the circumstances were actually different.

Burning Breath[1] that Velgrind breathed out, which was a simultaneous multi-attack, was dispersed by Diamond Dust[2] blowing from Velzard, only to bloom as large fire flowers in the air.

However, Freezing Breath[3] that Velzard breathed out was evaporated by Cardinal Rain[4] that blooming around Velgrind.

Both of them didn’t receive damage, but the aftermath of the attacks would deal a big effect on the ice-bound world.

And so, even a fight between the two that appeared equal, gradually showed whose superior and inferior……

“This is odd” So, Velgrind was the one who realized it.

Normally, in case of an all-out battle like this, Velgrind should have lost due to the difference in maximum energy.

It was something that won’t get noticed unless both of them used all of their power, but there’s a clear difference in energy consumption between them.

――No, there was.

If it was Velgrind from before, her power should have gradually weakened due to the difference in their energy recovery rate.

However, right now, it was quite strange that her body was in great shape.

Her prided ability, Ultimate Skill『Charity Lord Raguel』 was also handling energy more efficiently unlike before.

It had reacted to Velgrind’s will and responded to her feelings without causing any momentary error.

「Fufu, you’ve improved, Velgrind.」

「I still have a long ways to go, Nee-san.」

Velgrind responded lightly to a fairly surprised Velzard’s words.

In fact, Velgrind was still had more energy to spare.

There could only be one reason that caused this...

Yes.

This must be the deed of that bad friend[5] of her brother, Veldora, that questionable slime named Rimuru.

Even Velgrind’s strongest technique, “Cardinal Acceleration” didn’t work on him; he even had evolved into a “True Dragon” that is equal to them, becoming an abnormal existence.

He surpassed Velgrind easily, an unthinkable Absolute Being[6].

Velgrind thought that even if he had Dragon Factor, she couldn’t acknowledge such a suspicious person as her own younger brother.

But, he was her benefactor who listened to her request and freed Rudra.

And above all, that slime was the one who manifested Velgrind and she certainly had pledged her cooperation to him.

If that was so, there was no need to hesitate at all.

The only thing that bound her down right now was her troubled heart.

‘Who is Rudra’s enemy?’

‘Who is Velda?’

She didn’t care about such things.

The important thing was she didn’t like Velda, only that.

He had swindled the name of her beloved older brother and manipulated her only older sister.

She would never forgive a person like that.

If there was someone who tried to tie them down, who were originally free beings, it would be their right to declare that person as their enemy.

At the very least, Demon Lord Rimuru didn’t bind Velgrind down.

Then, as long as he was worthy of her trust, Velgrind wouldn’t break her promise with Demon Lord Rimuru.

Velgrind thought it was impossible for her to win due to the difference of the absolute value of energy.

However, that thought was wrong.

Because she had been eaten by Demon Lord Rimuru, Velgrind had been reborn stronger than how she was before.

「Well, I’ll make you at ease soon, Nee-san.」

「Don’t get conceited, Velgrind. I’m also busy, let’s us finish this farce quickly.」

Their gazes interlocked.

And then, both of them let their violent energy escalate and their clash grew even more intense.

　　　　　　◇◇◇

Guy and Chloe continued their fight with just their swords.

They weren’t serious against each other.

However, it was a high-level fight at a level that couldn’t be recognized by others.

As if he was having fun, Guy had his attention focused on the clash between the dragon sisters in the air instead of his own fight.

Therefore, he was the first person who noticed it.

An angel of light had come to visit them from the sky.

「That is……」

Guy muttered softly.

However, everything was already too late.

Guy had certainly seen that angel smile.

「Hey! You two, here――」

Before Guy’s warning reached them, a spherical space barrier[7] had appeared on the northern land.

And then, a beautiful woman’s voice echoed.

「Ultimate Dominion[8]!!」

Guy predicted everything instantly.

Everyone in this area except Guy had been affected by the ability just now.

However, it was a rare event for Guy, as his comprehension would be wrong.

　　　　　　◇◇◇

Lucia let out a loud laughter.

Everything was as Velda expected.

No, it was beyond his expectations; the best possible situation was in place.

As much as to say that for this moment, she had revised the plan numerous times while preparing for this situation.

It was convenient now that Chloe wasn’t being controlled smoothly.

In any case, the body of the strongest Hero would become one with Lucia, who was Velda’s right hand.

And then, she would obtain the two “True Dragon”.

She would put them under her complete control with the angel series’ Ultimate Skill as the medium.

It was one of the hidden ability of Ultimate Skill『Justice Lord Michael』.

In this northern land, the strongest beings would have their final showdown.

Velgrind who was worried about her sister, Velzard would surely make an appearance there too.

That was Velda’s prediction.

For some reason『Thought Transmission』 didn’t reach Velgrind, but it was impossible for her to resist it if the ability was used directly.

This was Velda’s plan, he who had extensive knowledge about the principles behind the abilities.

While forcing Guy to stay put, she was going to put Velzard and Velgrind under her rule completely.

Next was the awakened Hero, Chloe Aubert.

Even if she was called the strongest Hero, she was just a human in the end.

As she had served her purpose in this stage, she was such an insignificant being that it wouldn’t become a problem even if she was to be disposed of.

―― However, it was a different story if she owned Ultimate Skill『Hope Lord Sariel』.

Now, such a thing as Chloe’s life and death was nothing but a trivial matter.

But, if she was looking for a prime body to incarnate into, there was no other body as wonderful as Chloe’s.

Strong and beautiful.

She had reached the realm of god with a mortal body.

Indeed, it could be said as a new body suitable to be obtained by Lucia in this world.

Unlike Lucia’s corpse that was given to her by Velda, her god, Chloe’s body was specialized in combat.

What made that possible was thanks to the new ability granted to her by Velda――『Multiple Existence』.

Lucia’s ability was ill-suited for splitting her energy using『Multiple Existence』. After all, she existed because Lucia’s body was used as the vessel of her real main body.[9]

More than anything, the body which was the vessel of her spirit didn’t possess the capability to create multiple clones.

This didn’t mean that Lucia was inferior; it just means that Rimuru who could create them freely was abnormal.

Anyway, even Veldora and Velgrind had their physical bodies created by Rimuru’s ability.

As Lucia couldn’t duplicate the body freely, 『Multiple Existence』was like casting pearls before swine.

However, if she had prepared a new vessel, she only had to project her consciousness into it.

Lucia’s body was exclusively for commanding, she only had to let the body wait upon Velda’s side in the sky castle in order to not get the body injured.

And, as a spiritual life-form, she would only transfer her consciousness and energy into Chloe’s body by using『Multiple Existence』.

The fact that Chloe was in this situation was proof of Velda’s commandment.

As Chloe had not been controlled completely even by Yuuki’s control skill, she had given them quite of trouble, and Lucia didn’t even notice that Chloe had acquired Ultimate Skill『Hope Lord Sariel』.

Chloe wasn’t the type that would let her guard down; she would hide that ability until she was being cornered into a wall which was annoying, so Lucia thought.

After all, she possessed Unique Skill『Absolute Severance』and『Infinite Prison』 which was too strong for a human like her.

But, this time, she was forced to use that hidden ability under Velzard’s serious assaults.

Consequently, it was fortunate that this proved that Chloe possessed an angel series’ ability as well.

Originally, the plan was to kill Guy for sure.

And also include Chloe’s disposal.

Against Guy who wouldn’t let his guard down, Velzard and Chloe would be at a disadvantage even if they were together.

Not to mention, in the worst case that Guy won, he would get stronger.

To prevent an outcome like that, Lucia sought a certain victory.

Prolonging the fight by making it a 3-way fight. So, she ordered Velzard.

In order to strengthen Ultimate Dominion, her plan was to deploy Space type magic circles that prevent escape at the same time as Velgrind appeared.

And so, the strategy succeeded splendidly, the domination was completed just a while ago.

For the Hero Chloe to be dominated too was just an extra.

No matter how strong Guy was, he wouldn’t be able to win with the two dragon sisters as his opponents.

Meanwhile, Lucia would steal Chloe’s body and deal the finishing blow on Guy.

It was the best timing for Lucia who hadn’t got incarnated yet.

The plan was altered and became more perfect than before.

　　　　　　◇◇◇

In the place that was a hall, there were the “True Dragon” sisters who returned to their human forms.

As Velzard changed back to her human form, Velgrind also did the same.

Beyond Velzard’s gaze were Guy and Chloe fighting――

No―― beyond them was a beautiful angel flying down from the sky.

She must be the owner of the lovely voice that echoed just after the place was enveloped by the barrier.

A user of that curse, no it should be called as True Word, the absolute order language.

And so that angel opened her mouth as she landed on the ground.

「Control yourselves, I’m Velda-sama’s right hand, the “Archangel of the End[10]” Lucia.」

She introduced herself solemnly, emanating intimidation.

Velzard heard those words and bowed to Lucia as to show her respect.

Velgrind felt it was unpleasant.

However, she couldn’t understand, Velgrind followed after her too even though she felt it was unpleasant.

「I knew it, it’s you! Those words force an absolute control over those with angel series’ ability, don’t they?」

「Hah, as expected of you, Guy Crimson. The only person Velda-sama was cautious of. However, it’s already too late even if you know about it. What you can do now is only await your death obediently.」

「Shut up! An insect like you shouldn’t speak so arrogantly!」

Guy shouted as he swung his sword at Lucia.

But, his sword was easily repelled by the barrier that appeared around Lucia.

Lucia smiled as if sneering at Guy and continued her steps towards Chloe.

Hearing Guy’s words, Velgrind could also understand the situation.

What was happening to her body right now.

And, what had happened to her sister body too.

(Unforgivable. I will never forgive you, Velda!)

Due to fury and humiliation, Velgrind was burning with violent emotions to the extent of being dizzy.

At the same time, she thought.

“At this rate, everything will be as Velda’s expected.”

Velgrind couldn’t defy the order,

Even if Guy was cunning and was the strongest being, there was no chance for him to win fighting against both Velzard and Velgrind at the same time.

Lucia seemed to be convinced of her victory as she ignored Guy’s attacks as if to say to Guy to do as he likes as she approached Chloe.

「Chloe Aubert, accept me.」

Leaving those words, the spirit of『Multiple Existence』separated from Lucia and was sucked into Chloe.

「Tch!」

As if he was flustered, Guy attacked both Chloe/Lucia, but everything was already too late.

A barrier created by Lucia’s ability appeared before Chloe.

It meant that Lucia had succeeded her incarnation and fused completely with Chloe.

Whether he understood that or not, for the first time Guy caught a glimpse of his impatience.

Lucia was assured of her victory and smiled.

And then, her main body which finished transferring fragments of her energy and consciousness into Chloe, transferred back to the heaven.

Along with the confidence of her victory.

The Hero’s power and Lucia’s energy.

Right now, a flawless entity was about to be born.

Velgrind could feel despair spreading across the place.

However, at that moment, a voice echoed in the place.

「Kuaaaahahahaha! I… HAVE ARRIVED![11]」

A carefree laughter ruined the atmosphere.

That voice was filled with hope and blown away even despair.

-------

Author Note:

What is the true identity of that mysterious laughter!?

(ED: Oh yeah…… I wonder who it is…)

* * *

[1] 灼熱吐息(バーニングブレス) Shakunetsu Toiki (Baaningu Buresu), Scorching Breath.

[2] 美しき細氷(ダイヤモンドダスト) Utsukushiki Saihyou (Daiyamondo Dasuto). Beautiful Ice Crystals/Diamond Dust.

[3] 氷結吐息(フリージングブレス) Hyouketsu Toiki (Furiijingu Buresu), Freeing Breath.

[4] 華麗なる紅雨(カーディナルレイン) Kareinaru Akame (Kaadinaru Rein), Brilliant Red Rain.

[5] ED: Rimuru got Veldora to clean up his act a lot, how is that a bad friend?

Guro: She thinks Rimuru is a friend that give bad influence to Veldora xD

[6] 絶対者 Zettaisha.

[7] 真球の空間型結界 Shinkyuu no Kuukan Gata Kekkai, True Sphere-shaped Space type Barrier.

[8] 天使長の支配(アルティメットドミニオン) Tenshichou no Shihai (Arutimetto Dominion) Archangel’s Control/Domination/Rule. The Kanji is the same as the title of chapter 234. Btw Regalia Dominion is when Michael was in Rudra's hand

[9] This is what happen when two characters have the same name XD

[10] 終末の天使長 Shuumatsu no Tenshichou.

[11] Kamen Rider Den-O’s reference. Momotaros’ catchphrase every time he possesses the MC. Ore, Sanjou! (It’s Ware here cause Veldora call himself with ware)

ED: Anyone else imagine this in ALL Might's voice (Hero Academia)





Chapter 236: In the Northern Land -Middle Part-


A cheerful laughter echoed inside the hall.

When she heard it, Velgrind regained her composure.

She didn’t feel anxious anymore about her body being controlled and not moving as she wanted it.

A bigger problem than that was that her foolish younger brother, Veldora, could see her current pathetic figure that was being controlled by someone―― So Velgrind thought.

That was unpleasant...

Very unpleasant.

For her disgraceful figure to been seen by him not just once, but twice, Velgrind thought this would greatly hurt her dignity as an older sister.

(That fool, it seems he thinks I was being controlled and get carried away……)

She felt anger boiling up inside her when she heard his loud laughter.

When Velgrind calmed down, she inspected her body carefully once more.

As before, her body didn’t respond to her own will. However, when she investigated the cause, she noticed that some kind of meddling was done through the Ultimate Skill engraved deep inside her heart[1].

Is this the reason――?

A fragile corridor connected to Ultimate Skill『Justice Lord Michael』was constructed with Ultimate Skill『Charity Lord Raguel』as the axis.

Velgrind realized that the “Ultimate Dominion” Lucia had declared was done via this corridor.

And, that meant the control circuits were inside the Ultimate Skill itself from the very beginning……

(In other words, this was the mechanism that older brother created for emergency control, something like that――）

Velgrind found out the true nature of the mechanism that manipulated Velzard and herself in this event.

If her older brother was the one who built the mechanism that meant it would be near impossible to cancel it.

Although her despair had disappeared with Veldora’s appearance, the situation was still bad.

She wanted to click her tongue bitterly, but her body wouldn’t do as it was told.

(Well, what should I do now?)

At the moment Velgrind thought so, a mysterious voice echoed deep inside her.

――《If you desire it, I shall grant you even more power》――

So, the mysterious voice whispered to her.

It wasn’t something simple like an auditory hallucination; a clear and strong will could be sensed from the voice.

It sounded similar to “Voice of the World”, but a bit soft and refined gentleness could be felt from it.

The problem was the meaning behind its words.

(Even more power, you said? If I obtained it, can I overcome this situation?)

――《It’s possible, so I assure you》――

(I see, it’s possible. Then, there’s no need to hesitate!)

Velgrind consented without any hesitation.

Yes.

For Velgrind, if she could break through this situation――a situation that exposed her unsightly appearance to her foolish younger brother, Veldora―― She wouldn’t hesitate even if she had to shake hands with the devil.

――《I have confirmed Velgrind’s will. “Alteration[2]” will be activated》――

That “Voice” announced.

At that moment, Velgrind felt surges of incredible power.

It was emanating from deep inside her and gently enveloped her whole body.

《Notification. Individual: “Scorch Dragon” Velgrind’s Ultimate Skill『Charity Lord Raguel』has evolved into Ultimate Skill『Flame God Sovereign Cthugha[3]』.》

Along with fantastic and majestic sounds, “Voice of the World” loudly announced.

However, that voice could only be heard by Velgrind. Since a complete concealment was done.

And now, Velgrind had been liberated from any constraints.

Velgrind’s thought halted at the unbelievable occurrence that had occurred to her own body.

As the amount of information was too much and too abnormal, Velgrind, who wasn’t the thinking type, couldn’t suppress her confusion.

But, she didn’t care about that sort of thing.

Right now, the most important thing than anything else was……

There was only one person that came into her mind that could make this phenomenon possible to occur in her body.

That aloof slime.

Veldora’s close friend named Demon Lord Rimuru.

(It can’t be……! Could it be that slime…… he had fiddled with the control circuit inside the Ultimate Skill and made it possible to evolve it by incorporating my will and ability to the unnecessary space!? That’s not on a level of optimization anymore!! Such an absurd thing is a technique that only Velda can do―― If there’s another being who can do it then……)

Velgrind shuddered as she imagined such an impossibility.

She nearly fell into a thought loop of amazement, but she recalled that it wasn’t the time for it right now, her consciousness returned to the reality.

Lucia looked at Velgrind suspiciously, but there was nothing serious to be worried about.

As for Velgrind right now, she could only see the likes of Lucia as an unimportant weakling.

Velgrind’s ability had been improved to a terrifying level for her to be able to think so.

　　　　　　◇◇◇

Fufufu, Fuhahahaha!

I was made to go to the place where my two older sisters were, for a moment I thought about what will happen, but it seems the God has not forsaken me!

Veldora thought so and felt relief from the bottom of his heart.

Her two older sisters were being controlled.

They couldn’t move with their own will as they were under the control of that angel named Lucia.

Taking the advantage of this chance, Veldora would come to their rescue in style. By doing so, her two older sisters would feel grateful to Veldora.

And then, they would repent for their oppressions against him until now and apologize to him.

That was the scenario that Veldora imagined.

(I came to this place reluctantly, but I didn’t expect that I will stumble across a chance like this…… I must give Rimuru my thanks――)

While thanking his good fortune and his friend’s order, Veldora opened his mouth again.

「Hey Guy, you seem to be struggling. But, rest assured. With me here, there is no need to worry anymore!」

「It’s you, Veldora. Honestly, I’m grateful. Even for me, it’s impossible to release them from the control while fighting them. I understood the principles behind the ability, but its deactivation would be troublesome.」

「Oh? I expected no less from you. Then, as long as their movement is stopped without killing them, it’s possible to release them from the control, right?」

「Yes. We could do something if we put all our power into thinking. But, in addition to your sisters, there’s that strongest Hero. Anyway, we need to disable these three people in front, you know? I think I might have been killed if you didn’t come.」

「Kuaaaahahahahaha! If that’s the case, you should be grateful to me!」

Veldora got even cockier than before.

Guy had an astounded face, but he said nothing.

As he just said, he thought that fighting those three people would be hard even if Veldora was here.

Killing them aside, the degree of difficulty jumped severely for disabling them.

Rather, Guy thought he wanted to hear the reason why Veldora could be so optimistic.

「Kukuku, well then, Guy. You could have the Hero as your opponent. I shall quickly show my older sister some of my improvements!」

When Veldora stopped laughing, he stepped forward with a fearless expression.

He walked towards Velgrind without hesitation.

「Velgrind. Kill that fool.」

Lucia ordered Velgrind as she coldly gazed at Veldora.

And then――

Baaーーーーーng!!

A huge sound echoed inside the hall.

Veldora was staring blankly. His cheek was swollen red for some reason.

Veldora had his eyes blinking incessantly, thinking about what just happened.

(Eh? It looks like Aneue moved by her own will just now…… there was no murderous intent at all, but I felt a strong will to torment me though!?)

Agitation ran through Veldora’s heart.

(It, it can’t be!? That’s impossible!!)

In front of the reality that he didn’t want to acknowledge, a bead of sweat trickled down Veldora’s forehead.[4]

「Hey, Veldora. Just now, did I hear you say you were going to show me something?? Or did I misheard it?」

Velgrind walked quietly to Veldora with a gentle smile on her beautiful face.

However, Veldora knew that she was never a gentle person and that she was the embodiment of this world’s terror.

「Ah, hauah……!?」

「It wasn’t “hauah”, you damn fool!!」

Velgrind’s fists approached him.

Veldora’s train of thought stopped operating as if they were paralyzed, it was impossible for him to take an evasive action.

Alas, the memories of fear etched in his instinct from his childhood interfered with Veldora’s action.

An awfully heavy and painful, but damage-less attack hit Veldora.

It didn’t take much time for Veldora’s eyes became teary.

「Kuh…… Isn’t this strange! How could Aneue move? Weren’t you being controlled!?」

「Shut up! Did you think that I’ll fall for the same trick over and over again? Did you underestimate me? Hey, Veldora?」

「N-no……I didn’t mean it that way……」

While trembling, Veldora realized that there was nothing he could do except to wait for his older sister’s anger to subside.

What is really absurd was that the damage jumped over『Parallel Existence』and reached Veldora’s main body.

The reason for that was……

「Hmm, this is sure convenient. I see it’s something called『Space-Time Continuous Strike[5]』. Whether it’s『Parallel Existence』or『Multiple Existence』, it seems I can deal an attack beyond the space-time with this.」[6]

Velgrind nodded pleasingly.

Veldora who heard it started to look pale.

Velgrind’s words meant that his method of escaping by sacrificing one of his clones as the scapegoat was no longer usable.

『Parallel Existence』 had given him an absolute advantage, but now it had fallen to a meaningless ability.

Indeed, it was the birth of the natural enemy of Veldora.

(Woahhhhhhh, what have you done, Rimuru!!)

Veldora screamed in his mind.

He couldn’t think of anyone else other than his close friend, Rimuru, who would give such unnecessary help like that for his older sister, Velgrind.

Velgrind seemed to be satisfied after hitting Veldora for some time and turned her face towards Velzard.

And, towards Veldora who was grumbling「It was supposed to be the best scene though…… isn’t this different from the promise……」, Velgrind said.

「Silence, how unsightly. If you are my younger brother, don’t expose more of your foolishness. Veldora, I will leave the Hero to you. She’s your friend’s important person, right? Make sure you don’t fail foolishly. I’ll be Aneue’s opponent.」

「But……」

「How tedious! Are you going to make me say it twice?」

「Understood, Aneue!」

Veldora understood Velgrind’s words and bowed respectfully.

It would be a foolish thing for him to go against his older sister.

While rubbing his beaten cheeks, Veldora went towards Lucia who had possessed the Hero Chloe.

Looking at Veldora, Velgrind turned around to say something to Guy.

「Guy, if it’s you, you can annul the control over Aneue right?」

「Yeah, it’s possible. However, I can’t do it while fighting.」

「No problem. I have my stupid younger brother to deal with the Hero Chloe. I want you do your best in releasing Aneue from their control.」

Receiving Velgrind’s request, Guy pondered for a bit.

Canceling it might be possible. After all, he had seen the control activation happen before his eyes, so he could understand the principles behind it.

The problem was the time required for it.

「Listen, the cancellation would take quite some time with how I’m right now. Because I need to do a specialized calculation to cancel it, don’t expect me for help during that time, okay? By the way, my fighting strength would decrease greatly. If you guys lost, it would be our defeat. Even so, you don’t mind right?」

「No. Hurry up and start it.」

Guy decided to believe in both of them after he received Velgrind’s approval.

He wouldn’t disappear even if he got defeated, and in the worst case, he would get revived after several hundred years.

A defeat wouldn’t be interesting for Guy who was the strongest, but it wasn’t something that he should avoid either.

He thought that if it could distract him from his boredom, he had no regret even if it became so.

「All right. It’s pretty annoying for my Velzard[7] to be controlled forever, I guess I shall release her from it quickly.」

Saying so, Guy started the Ritual of Status Alteration[8], which he hadn’t done in a long time.

Velgrind and Velzard faced each other.

And Veldora walked towards the Hero Chloe―― in other words, Lucia.

It appeared that everyone was confirming their respective opponent.

Lucia didn’t panic even when she saw it.

No, she thought that there was no need to panic.

She acknowledged Veldora’s strength.

Since he had defeated Dagruel too, his strength was the real deal.

But, for Lucia――

「O Velzard, go kill Velgrind.」

She gave a brief order.

However, she wasn’t calm on the inside due to one problem.

It was certain that the control circuits to Velgrind had been severed.

She couldn’t think of the cause. Since the control circuits prepared by Velda were impossible to sever unless it was by the controller.

The only possible cause she could think of was the loss of the Angel series’ ability either due to an evolution of the ability or degeneration.

“Could such a phenomenon conveniently occur in a situation like this?” Was a question that popped up in her head.

But, Lucia stopped thinking too deeply about it.

She had an interest in the sample, but she decided that she would think about it later.

Although she had raised a question, it didn’t affect her fighting forces.

She had the strongest “True Dragon” Velzard under her control.

And Lucia herself had become the strongest being too.

At the same time Lucia gave an order to Velzard, she drew the katana that Chloe held.

The body moved naturally, an untold swordsmanship could be seen.

Lucia had assumed that Chloe’s ability had completely become her own and was convinced of her victory.

Right now, Lucia’s main body was protected by『Castle Guard』, but she could go on the offensive because she had possessed the『Hero Chloe[9]』.

In other words, her main body wouldn’t be defeated no matter what happened so her defeat was impossible.

There were no attacks that could work on her.

Velgrind’s azure hair spread out and was waving like flames.

At the same time, Velzard’s pure white hair also curled up like a blizzard.

Both of them moved simultaneously, a large-scale shockwave like a nuclear strike was created as both of them shifted into an all-out fight.

Velgrind’s crimson fist howled as it clashed with Velzard’s『Snow Crystal[10]』and broke it.

Its fragments became diamond dust and rained down over Velgrind.

However, before Velgrind who had become the incarnation of the flame god, ice type attacks had no meaning.

The rank between their ability was different.

With her strength increased remarkably, Velgrind approached Velzard.

Since she had left the cancellation of the control to Guy, she only had to earn more time for him.

Velgrind challenged Velzard as to test her enhanced ability.

Veldora took a stance towards Chloe.

And then he thought.

“Why am I barehanded?

Chloe had a katana, but why I’m barehanded like this?” So he thought something like that, but if he said it right now, it would surely incur her older sister’s wrath.

Clearly, Veldora knew that Chloe’s swordsmanship was the best of the best, there was no one who could rival her.

He had experienced it once; he thought that he was at a disadvantage for being unarmed.

At that time, he could nullify Chloe’s『Absolute Severance』because he had the advantage of being a spiritual life-form and both of them didn’t possess Ultimate Skill, but he couldn’t nullify the current Chloe’s sword techniques.

After all, Chloe was fighting evenly against Guy until a while ago.

This is very bad―― So Veldora thought.

Well, his troubles were only on the level of “It seems to be painful if I get cut” though……

At that moment, a sword pierced the ground in front of Veldora.

It was one of the best swords in this world, the demonic sword “World”.

「Hey, use that.」

When Veldora turned around, there was a fiercely beautiful woman beyond his eyes.

Her scarlet hair flowed down divinely, the presence of her abundant breasts and round buttocks were emphasized by her slender waist that looked like it could break easily.

It was Guy who had transformed into his female form.

「Guy, is that you?」

「Ah? Who else do you think is here? It’s me of course.[11]」

Guy annoyedly replied to Veldora’s question.

Guy had no fixation over the difference between genders, he didn’t care about appearance.

Ability was more important than appearance.

Different from his male form which was specialized for combat, his female form was specialized in processing information.

Guy thought that it was necessary to raise his information processing power to the maximum in order to cancel the control circuits that had been created by Veldanava.

Therefore, he had transformed into his female form after a long time.

That was all.

「Then, I shall use it」

「Oh. Don’t lose, okay?」

「Kuaaahahahaha! What a foolish question! I had thought that I wanted to fight with the Hero who got serious once again. This is a good chance for it, I shall fight her seriously too!」

While saying those words, Veldora regained his confidence with Guy reply of「Well, good luck.」.

He thought that talking to him would be a waste of time.

Guy switched his consciousness and put Velzard into his sight.

And――

(Just you wait. I’ll release you from it right away.)

Guy concentrated deeply and calmly which sharpened his ability.

Guy’s『Godspeed Calculation[12]』 raised his normally high processing power to an excited state[13].

Guy diverted all of his energy to the calculation without any hesitation and began the『Spiritual Dive[14]』towards Velzard.

* * *

[1] 心核(ココロ) Kokoro/Shin Kaku (Kokoro), Spirit/Heart Core.

[2] 能力改変(オルタレーション) Nouryoku Kaihen (Orutareishon), Ability Modification.

[3] 炎神之王(クトゥグア) Honookami/Enjin no Ou. Blaze/Flame God/Deity Sovereign/Ruler, Cthugha. Cthugha, The Living Flame or The Burning One, is a Great Old One, an elemental spirit of fire opposed to the Elder Gods featured in the H.P. Lovecraft-inspired Cthulhu Mythos.

[4] ED Note: I feel this is the funniest Veldora moment so far. I almost feel sorry for him...almost

[5] 時空連続攻撃 Jikuu Renzoku Kougeki.

[6] ED: So she can bitch-slap across space and time I see. Poor Veldora...

[7] 信頼する相棒(ヴェルザード) Shinraisuru Aibou (Vueruzaado), written Trusted Partner, read as Velzard.

[8] 状態変化の儀式 Joutaihenka no Gishiki, Ritual of State Change/Phase Transformation/Condition Alteration.

[9] 同一体(勇者クロエ) Douittai (Yuusha Kuroe), Written as one body, read as Hero Chloe.

[10] 雪結晶盾(スノークリスタル) Yuki Kesshou Tate (Sunou Kurisutaru), Snow Crystal Shield.

[11] Guy still using Ore here.

[12] 神速演算 Shinsoku Enzan. Enzan is a term for mathematical operations/calculation. Maybe Algorithm?

[13] 励起状態 Reikijoutai. Excited State in quantum mechanics refers to the state of a system that has a higher energy than its ground state (it has higher energy level than normally it has). As in this case, his processing power is over the roof.

[14] 攻性心核浸食(スピリチュアルダイブ) Kousei Shin Kaku Shinshoku, (Supirichuaru Daibu). Aggressive Heart Core Erosion.





Chapter 237: In the Northern Land -Last Part-


Velzard couldn’t hide her surprise and confusion as she saw Velgrind who had grown stronger unexpectedly.

She felt happy for her younger sister’s growth and also rage as she was someone who was obstructing her path.

Now Velzard could only acknowledge that Velgrind was an unavoidable hindrance for her to kill Guy.

(Fine, Velgrind, I shall acknowledge you as my enemy.)

Once Velzard acknowledged Velgrind, she decided to activate her hidden Ultimate Skill『Envious Lord Leviathan』.

However, that was an improbable decision for Velzard’s normal train of thought..

If she ended up showing her hidden ability as her trump card against Demon Lord Guy Crimson to Velgrind, it would lose its meaning as a trump card.

Velzard who should be calm didn’t even realize such a simple thing.

No, she couldn’t realize it. The order to kill was the only thing left in her mind because of Ultimate Dominion.

For Velzard to still be able to retain her ego was proof that she had a strong spirit.

However, even with such a strong spirit―― Velzard couldn’t defy the order of Ultimate Dominion.

After a momentary hesitation, Velzard unleashed blades of envy towards Velgrind.

　　◆◆◆

Velgrind had realized quickly that she could fight her older sister Velzard on more than equal terms thanks to『Flame God Sovereign Cthugha』‘s peerless ability which had evolved to overcome the control over herself.

After all, since she lost in terms of energy, if she just had an equal ability like before, it was clear her defeat was a matter of time.

Even now she was still inferior in energy levels, but she could fight her sister equally in terms of energy efficiency. It was a very surprising evolution.

And even about the energy――

(What is this connection―― “Soul Corridor”? As long as I wish for it, an unknown energy will flow into me……)

Yes, through the “Soul Corridor” that had been constructed between her and Rimuru, it was possible for her to replenish her energy.

Actually, Velgrind had lost the majority of her magic essence in “Alteration” into 『Flame God Sovereign Cthugha』and its Ignition[1], but right after that, energy flowed into her from the “Soul Corridor”, so her energy was almost completely recovered.

She didn’t think that she could lose,

“I feel I won’t lose”, that was Velgrind’s honest thoughts.

However, at that moment, Velgrind noticed that her older sister’s expression changed.

(Is it coming!?)

Velgrind put herself on guard.

It seems her intuition was right. Velzard’s trump card was activated and sent towards Velgrind.

「Whiteout Absorb[2]!!」

A strike filled with everything Velzard has got.

It was Velzard’s strongest attack which combined her own ability『Cessation Lost[3]』and『Patience Lord Gabriel』’s ability『Solidification[4]』with also『Envious Lord Leviathan』’s ability『Absorb[5]』.

With the attack coming towards her, Velgrind accelerated her own energy to the maximum in order to oppose it.

「Cardinal Acceleration!!」

Two polar lights, white and red collided.

The northern land experienced a severe earthquake, as the falling ice and snow repeatedly sublimated and froze with a death blizzard raging on.

The victor was Velzard.

Due to her new ability『Envious Lord Leviathan』, she had downgraded Velgrind’s abilities.

Moreover, Velzard’s energy which should have been exhausted had recovered for some reason.

The essence of『Envious Lord Leviathan』 was to degrade her opponent to below her level.

Besides that, it also had the effect of absorbing the opponent’s energy……

In addition to her absolute defense power and overwhelming Velgrind in terms of maximum energy, Velzard possessed energy absorption too.

Now that her abilities had been downgraded, it seemed impossible for Velgrind to win.

「It’s the end, Velgrind. I shall praise you for growing stronger to be able to oppose me. However, the result won’t change. You aren’t a threat for me when I got serious. Now, I have downgraded your abilities by one level. It’s impossible for you to have an advantage against me anymore.」

That’s right. For Velzard, Velgrind wasn’t a threat even if she was an obstacle.

Because of the opposition of their abilities, it would be impossible for Velgrind to break through Velzard’s defense.

However――

「But, Nee-san. I don’t need to defeat you. Besides, even if my abilities are downgraded, the original acceleration ability has not been affected in any way. Since the abilities only support me, it will not affect me even if I lost them!」

Velgrind fearlessly declared.

In fact, Velgrind’s abilities were focused on only one thing, that was『Acceleration』.

Now that she had already circulated her energy with full power, it wouldn’t affect her even if『Flame God Sovereign Cthugha』was sealed off.

And the most important thing was――

(Hurry up, Guy. Be quick and release Nee-san from their control!)

Velgrind didn’t have to defeat Velzard at all.

Velgrind’s victory condition was to earn time until Guy releases Velzard from Ultimate Dominion.

At that time, in Velzard's inner world[6], Guy was about to finish the final touches.

　　　　　　◆◆◆

Passing through multiple mental walls, Guy dove into the abyss of the heart.

If he lost his focus, his ego would be swallowed up by Velzard’s soul and the Spiritual Dive would be broken.

Then, Guy’s consciousness would disappear.

On the other hand, if he pushed forward forcibly with all of his strength, he would destroy Velzard’s heart. If that happened, the result would be Velzard releasing all her energy after a rampage and a new “True Dragon” would be born somewhere in this world.

Guy had to prevent that from happening.

Despite being under pressure, Guy passed through the walls without being impatient.

Finally, he found it.

It was a young spirit of Velzard sitting hugging her knees.

「Yo, I’ve been looking for you, you know?」

Guy talked naturally and calmly.

This was a critical moment. A single mistake would change Velzard’s action for the worse.

「What is it? What did you come here for? Are you here to laugh at me?」

Velzard asked while acting the way she appeared..

「No, I came to pick you up. Let’s go back quickly, Velzard.」

Guy shrugged his shoulders and answered.

His reply irritated Velzard.

It was always the same.

Guy always spoke one-sidedly and arrogantly only to Velzard.

He didn’t even care about Velzard and said things bluntly as if it was natural for him to do so.

「What is with you! Guy, you never listen to my opinion. It’s always, always me who had to be patient! As the Tuner, I had the role to guide this world that my older brother left behind. That’s why I always observed you so that you wouldn’t go on a rampage. Even though I really hated it…… Even Velgrind went freely to the place of the man she loved and Veldora was so carefree and rampaged as he pleased. As for me, I endured it all the time, you know!? Everything was because you were acknowledged by my older brother! It was because you were the only being except for my older brother who could destroy this world. I couldn’t afford to leave your side, you know…… I’m the only one who needed to have patience…… And yet, you’re going to leave me behind. I will never forgive you for that. Why do you have to support that suspicious slime now!? It would have been fine if you lived quietly in this northern land! You oppose my older brother even though there’s no way for you to win. Rather than letting you be killed by my older brother, I would rather be the one who will kill you with my own hands!」

Guy’s words sparked a fire inside Velzard’s frozen heart.

As she raged, Velzard threw out all of the displeasure she had felt until now.

With all of her feelings, she lashed out at Guy with her fierce will.

They became imaginary blades which cut at Guy’s body, but Guy didn’t try to avoid the attack.

He just stood there being exposed to the attacks without resistance as if he tried to accept all of Velzard’s anger and complaints.

「Besides…... You even acknowledged a human but you never acknowledged me…… What am I to you!? Even though I always tried my best, because I wanted to be acknowledged by you…… There’s no place for me at all!」

Her attacks gradually became weak, and eventually, Velzard started to hit Guy’s chest feebly.

「Are you an idiot? I acknowledged you, you know? My partner is only you alone.」

「I’m an idiot, you said!? I don’t want to be called that by you who will always do whatever as you please!」

「I guess nothing can be done about it. If you don’t like it, can’t you just say it? You are too concerned about boring things, you know. Also, I lost to Veldanava a long time ago, okay? I’ll win next time!」

Before she realized it, Velzard had stopped hitting Guy.

Then, she buried her face in Guy’s chest.

「……You are the idiotic one. There’s no way you can win――」

「It might be impossible for me alone. So please cooperate with me. You will fight together with me, right? Right, Velzard?」

Velzard was speechless.

Guy’s arrogance was too much.

――And, towards those very Guy-like words,

「I hate you. I really, really, really, really, really hate you. I hate you, I hate you, I hate you, I hate you―― I hate you so much that I love you.」

Velzard confessed with her whole heart.

Guy’s response to that was very simple――

「Yeah, I knew.」

So, a simple word as if he said something unimportant.

「So arrogant, you are really an unpleasant――」

「Right? That is proof that I’m me after all.」

「Then, this makes me look like an idiot for worrying all by myself……」

「That’s right. I also think so, you know?」

「……Shouldn’t this be the part where you deny it and console me?」

「Why? That’s bothersome. Never mind that, quickly cut off the control. If you don’t hurry up, I don’t think even Velgrind will last long.」

In fact, if the fight was prolonged, Velgrind would have been at a disadvantage.

If the energy supply from the “Soul Corridor” between her and Rimuru ceased, Velgrind’s defeat would become a certainty.

「You’re unkind as usual towards me――」

「Oh, really? You’re my partner after all. I don’t have to be considerate with you cause we’re like a family, right?」

「Partner…… Family…… Family!?」

Velzard’s face, which was buried in Guy’s chest, turned red instantly.

In panic, Velzard jumped away from Guy.

Guy remained calm and didn’t notice Velzard’s unrest.

「Let’s get the hell out of here.」

He said so without minding Velzard’s feelings.

Although Velzard thought that Guy’s attitude was a bit disappointing, she was relieved that Guy responded to her as usual.

There was already no hesitation in her heart and the light of a strong Will returned to her eyes.

She then focused her mind in order to resist Ultimate Dominion that had been cast on her.

「Understood, I’ve also steeled myself. But, it won’t be easy to cut off my brother’s control……」

「There’s a way. It seems that the『Control』had been established using angel series’ skill as the key and lock[7]. Then, if you neutralize it with a demon series’ skill, you can erase that lock. If you do so, no matter how powerful his control is, you can resist it.」

Guy answered without hesitation.

In his words, there was a powerful confidence that Velzard could do it.

「You make it sound so easy. Fine, I shall meet your expectations.」

And so, Velzard overcame her own hesitation and confronted her brother’s curse deep inside her consciousness.

In response to the change of Velzard’s mind, the Ultimate Skills etched in her soul began to fight each other for domination of her soul.

As Velzard’s will dictated,『Envious Lord Leviathan』bit off『Patience Lord Gabriel』. However『Patience Lord Gabriel』stubbornly resisted and tried to protect the lock of the control with its strong defensive power.

The fight in Velzard’s inner world seemed to fall into a stalemate, but Guy wouldn’t allow that.

「Velzard, I’ll help you just a bit.」

Guy said so and activated his imitation of the unbelievable ability he saw just a while ago.

It was “Alteration”, which helped Velgrind overcome the control and evolve her skill.

《Question. Will you synthesize Ultimate Skill『Patience Lord Gabriel』with『Envious Lord Leviathan』and activate “Alteration”? YES/NO》

The “Voice of the World” echoed inside Velzard’s mind.

(Is this what Guy means as help!? But, let’s believe in him for this.)

Velzard answered YES without hesitation.

《Confirmed. Individual: “Ice Dragon Velzard’s Ultimate Skill『Patience Lord Gabriel』and『Envious Lord Leviathan』are synthesized and evolved into Ultimate Skill『Ice God Sovereign Cthulhu[8]』.》

At the same moment that the voice echoed inside her inner world, the lock binding Velzard’s heart crumbled and disappeared.

The lock of the heart that she could never break no matter how desperately she tried to resist it until now had been smashed to pieces easily, as if it was glass.

Velzard and her skills had united splendidly and beautifully.

(This is the mental state that Velgrind reached!? And――the strength Guy had given to me. If I have this ability, there will be no one who could bind me down.)

And so, Velzard received it as a matter of course.

If she and Guy banded together, they would have no opponents in this world.

「See, it was simple, right?」

Guy’s voice, that was so arrogant to the extent of loathsome, echoed in her mind.

「Yeah, it was…… I really look like an idiot……」

「You think so? But I don’t hate it, you know? It’s a part of you too.」

Velzard laughed a bit due to Guy’s words.

The young Velzard was nowhere to be seen now.

She returned to her original ladylike appearance, beautiful and graceful.

With a bashful smile that could charmed everyone, she quietly muttered「I’m home.[9]」to Guy.

　　　　　　◇◇◇

Guy’s consciousness instantly returned to his body.

A bit of impatience could be seen in his expression.

He was the one who did it, but he was astonished by Velzard’s rapid changes due to “Alteration”.

(Rather, what exactly is that? That wasn’t on the level of ability modification. Moreover, the only thing I did was activate it, I actually got the impression that something else had done it as a proxy…… As if it had anticipated that I would do so……)

To Guy who seemed that he was about to drift into his sea of deep thoughts,

「You’re back? What happened to my older sister?」

He heard Velgrind’s voice asking him.

「Ahh, the control was released safely. She will wake up soon.」

At the same time, Guy answered, Velzard woke up.

「I have caused some trouble for you, Guy. And, Velgrind, I have shown you my unsightly side and I apologize for insulting Rudra.」

She said so and lowered her head towards Guy and Velgrind.

「For Ane-sama to apologize to me, I must have gone crazy. But, I’m so glad. It would be impossible for me to tolerate that Nee-san was being controlled by someone after all.」

「It seems I have made you worry. But putting aside whether Velda is Nii-san or not, it’s true that his strength is comparable to Nii-san, you know?」

「Humph. Even if it is so, if he’s not Nii-san―― No, even if he was Nii-san, I won’t change my mind that I have to defeat Velda. Velda is Rudra’s enemy after all.」

「You’re so straightforward, heh, Velgrind…… I’m a bit jealous.」

The sisters threw a straight gaze at each other and confirmed each other intention.

Guy called out the two people with「Never mind that, let’s end this quickly.」.

Guy had already returned to his combat form while the two were talking.

And the three of them turned their sight on the girl, who was Veldora’s opponent.

The Hero Chloe―― No, towards Manas: Lucia who had taken over her body.

However――simultaneously with her blade flashed, Chloe’s body split into two.

No, that was just an illusion.

The blade of will released from inside Chloe had interfered with the real world which is why such an image was shown to those in this place.

Veldora had been cut here and there, but he had not received a fatal injury.

The two sisters were relieved to see that.

Guy had his eyes glued towards Chloe――

(I see, as I expected, it had been concealed――)

A thin smile appeared on Guy’s lips.

Guy had realized.

Lucia’s extinction and Chloe’s victory.

And so―― Just now, the fight in the northern land had ended.

* * *

[1] 能力発動(イグニッション) Nouryoku Hatsudou, (Igunisshon), Ability Activation.

[2] 冷極消失凝収覇(ホワイトアウトアブソーブ) Reigoku Shoushitsu Gyoushuu Ha (Howaitoauto Abusōbu).

[3] 停止消失(セセイション・ロスト) Teishi Shoushitsu (Seseishon Rosuto), Suspended Dissipation.

[4] 万物固体化(ソリディフィケーション) Banbutsu Kotaika (Soridifuikeishon), All Creation Solidification.

[5] 降格吸収(アブソーブ) Koukaku Kyuushuu (Abusōbu), Downgrade Absorption.

[6] Mind world, Mental world etc.

[7] 鍵 Kagi, the kanji would normally mean key, but depending on the context, it can also means lock.

[8] 氷神之王(クトゥルフ) Hyōjin/Kōri Kami no Ou (Kuturufu).

[9] ただいま Tadaima (I’m home/I’m back) used when you return to you home/a place where you belong to or to someone who you loved. It’s a Crowning Moment of Heartwarming.





Chapter 238: Justice and Contradiction


Chloe held her sword reflexively to the sight of a man approaching in front of her.

She felt a bit regretful for the man who looked pretty thrilled.

Chloe thought that, if the man had been looking forward to having a fight with her that much, she wanted to fight him seriously.

Even if Veldora challenged Chloe in his true form, the result wouldn’t change.

Chloe’s combat style was with a sword, it didn’t change no matter what kind her opponent was.

Chloe’s weapon, which shaped like an Uchigatana[1], was a Spiritual Weapon equivalent to God Class.

The sword had fought together with Chloe for a long time and became comparable to the Demonic Sword “World” which was one of the best swords in this world.

The sword was familiar in Chloe’s hand as if it was a part of her, it kept protecting Chloe.

It was a supreme sword with an edge that could cut even a spiritual life-form.

But―― Chloe couldn’t be Veldora’s opponent.

This is because Chloe was deprived of her free will by Lucia with “Ultimate Dominion”……

　　　　◆◆◆

Lucia, who had obtained Chloe’s body, was at the height of her triumph.

She had put Velzard under her complete domination and made her fight Velgrind.

Guy was a nuisance, but with Lucia’s strength right now, she wouldn’t lose even if she fought Guy and Veldora together at the same time.

Indeed, Veldora couldn’t do a thing before Lucia.

It seemed he had borrowed a sword from Guy, but his sword skill was not worth considering

No, it was because Lucia was too strong.

Lucia had made Chloe’s swordsmanship completely as hers and could completely predict the trajectory of all attacks.

Lucia thought that such overwhelming strength―― was Chloe’s true worth as the strongest Hero, but that was not all.

Chloe was strangely very compatible with Seraphim’s energy and Ultimate Skill『Hope Lord Sariel』.

Lucia’s main body was being perfectly guarded by Ultimate Skill『Justice Lord Michael』’s『Castle Guard』.

And now, she obtained the Ultimate Skill『Hope Lord Sariel』’s『Absolute End[2]』.

Ultimate Defense and Ultimate Offense.

Lucia as a Manas was endowed with the wisdom to unravel the secrets of the skills.

That was why she could come up with a way to synthesis the two ultimate skills into one.

――It would be fine if she inserted 『Infinity Prison[3]』into『Absolute End』. In the first place, she didn’t need to worry about defense since she had『Castle Guard』after all――

Lucia thought so.

And she would make Chloe as her sword and incorporated her into『Justice Lord Michael』.

By doing so, Lucia would become a totally flawless being with offense and defense capabilities.

Moreover,『Infinity Prison』 wasn’t actually an ability for defense.

It is an ability to seal opponent that was too difficult to be destroyed like spiritual life-forms.

(Hero Chloe seems to have used it as an irregular defensive means because she was inexperienced as a human and couldn’t master the ability…… but now it’s an unnecessary ability. If it’s me I could master it perfectly, but rather than doing something half-hearted such as sealing the enemy, I’ll destroy the enemy completely. Yes――Under the name of Justice, all of God’s enemies shall be destroyed!)

So, from that flow of thoughts, Lucia made the decision to erase『Infinity Prison』.

――Thus, the forbidden door is opened――

Although Lucia knew about it due to her wisdom which could even unravel the secrets of skills……

That ability,『Infinity Prison』is an ability for sealing something.

Like “Pandora Box” which contained all of the world’s evils and calamities inside, an “Evil” was sealed deep inside Chloe’s heart.

Once released, that “Evil” would spread chaos and disaster into this world.

Ramiris tried to interfere at the time Chloe who transcended time fused with the young Chloe was because she sensed this “Evil”.

That “Evil” would have felt various negative feelings as they traveled through a long time repetitively. Chloe continued to seal it with her strong will.

However, such feelings matured inside Chloe’s heart and created a hideous personality.

「If only you don't wake up a sleeping tiger[4], you will only have me as your opponent, but now.......」

That was Chloe’s words.

At the end of those words, Chloe’s consciousness changed completely.

If the Atonement Hero who carried all of humanity’s negative feelings onto herself is Chloe, the Godslayer Hero who condemned everything and loathed humanity’s sins is also Chloe.

It is Chloe yet also not Chloe.

It is the one who condemns everything without any mercy.

Its name is “Manas” Chronoa[5].

Now that the seal was gone, it was freed from the prison of the heart.

Although they were the same being, its strength was in a different dimension.

Even Yuuki’s curse that bound Chloe until then, was severed instantly.

There was nothing that could stop Chloe now.

For a totally flawless being that Lucia said of itself, that was exactly the word for Chloe.

――However, the current Chloe wouldn’t lose to this “Evil”.

Her strong will―― and the fragments of Shizue and Hinata’s heart are living inside Chloe’s heart after all.

Above all, there’s Rimuru now.

That’s why Chloe understood that Chronoa was no more than a part of her heart too.

She just accepted Chronoa straightforwardly and it completely fused with her.

As Chloe had accepted the unleashed Chronoa,『Hope Lord Sariel』which had completed its role, disappeared into Chloe’s heart.

However, all of its abilities are still usable by Chloe’s will in the same manner as before.

「Justice? What is Justice? Something uncertain and changing subjectively like that is your justification, you said? If that’s so, you are not my enemy――」

Lucia felt she heard Chloe’s voice.

(Don’t mock me! Justice is the only eternal truth of all things!)

She tried to refute, but she never could.

Because Lucia’s consciousness had been locked in complete darkness instantly…...

That was what happened in Chloe’s inner world.

Chloe’s deadly blade, 『Absolute End』――which was released in order to interfere with Lucia’s consciousness―― did not even allow any resistance and annihilated her in one blow.

Thus, the fight in this northern land ended.

　　　　◆◆◆

Velzard shook off the binding and Chloe cut down the curse.

Although there were some who were quite exhausted, ultimately everyone was all right.

「Kuaaaahhahaha! How about we call it a draw for today?」

With cuts all over his body, Veldora had barely dodged Chloe’s last strike, but he was relieved to know that it was over.

And casually, he insisted on calling their fight as a draw.

Chloe’s last attack was impossible to be analyzed even for Veldora. In the worst case, he couldn’t help but thought that the attack possessed the same properties as『Space-Time Continuous Attack』obtained by his sister, Velgrind.

He even felt a bit scared, but it would be his loss if he worried about that.

He wanted to fight the Hero who got serious, but he wanted to win so he wouldn’t allow himself to be defeated.

Therefore, Veldora judged that he would be satisfied with a draw.

「Really? It seemed to me that you wanted to fight me, so I wouldn’t mind being your opponent once this Great War was over……」

「Hmmm!? N-no, no, you don’t need to be that considerate. Kuahahaha, I have seen most of your attacks from our exchanges too, there’s no need for us to fight for the time being.」

While slightly panicking, Veldora turned down Chloe’s offer.

Veldora was somewhat scared of his two sisters’ gazes towards him, but he pretended he didn’t notice and ignored them.

At least, he found out that he couldn’t compete with Chloe in swordsmanship at all.

As for things he said, there was no lie in Veldora’s words.

Inside his mind, Veldora swore that he would train his swordsmanship thoroughly from the base up.

Next was Guy who spoke to Chloe..

Returning to his usual male form, Guy began talking to Chloe while Veldora returned his sword back.

「Yo, is that your true power?」

Chloe nodded to Guy’s question.

Or rather……

「Huh? It seems that the seraphim’s energy is left behind. And…...」

Chloe had treated the power as her own too naturally, but in actuality she had stolen a majority of Lucia’s energy.

That was not all, there was also fragments of『Justice Lord Michael』left behind from “Manas“ Lucia’s remains.

As a result――

《Notification. Individual: Chloe Aubert, confirmed to have gathered the three elements of『Courage』『Hope』『Justice』[6]. Moreover, the presence of Ultimate Skill『Space-Time Lord Yog-Sothoth』in her possession had been confirmed. "Alteration” is automatically activated…… Successful. Ultimate Skill『Space-Time Lord Yog-Sothoth』has evolved into『Space-Time God Yog-Sothoth[7]』.》

Within Chloe, an ultimate evolution was being carried without her realization.

Even if it was an enormous energy of a seraph, it wasn’t sufficient at all to activate that ability (Alteration)……

Because of that, Chloe’s evolution ended without being noticed by anyone.

Not even Guy could notice that evolution; it was due to Complete Concealment of Ultimate Skill『Space-Time God Yog-Sothoth』.

「Looks like it. So, what happened to that Lucia fellow?」

Due to what was stated before, Guy asked about Lucia’s end without paying attention to the seraph’s remains.

「I have eliminated a part of her that possessed me. But, her main body is safe.」

「Did you let her go?」

「No――」so Chloe muttered to Guy who asked with sharp eyes.

A small smile appeared on her lips.

It seemed like there was a glimpse of cruelty unsuited of a Hero in her expression――

Probably, it might not just be a hallucination.

It was proof that the remnants of Chronoa which had fused with Chloe were still alive.

It was something unthinkable for the naturally gentle Chloe, but if it was Chronoa, it could do it without hesitation.

However, that was still something unbecoming for Chloe……

Therefore, Chloe decided to leave the judgment to Lucia’s own actions.

「It will be great if Lucia admits her defeat obediently, but if she doesn’t do so―― I shall teach her the true meaning of despair.」

Chloe declared so and stared at Guy with her strong-willed eyes.

After all, her victory was certain.

Moreover, for some reason――Chloe felt that she wouldn’t be the one who decided Lucia’s fate.

「Very well. Then, shall we quickly go to defeat Velda?」

「Yeah, let’s quickly defeat the mastermind, I want to return to Sensei’s place.」

Guy and Chloe were in consensus.

Veldora was about to say “Because the cuts all over my body aches, I’ll return once they recover”―― but he remained silent before his two sisters’ gazes.

It was a very wise decision.

Thus, the five people who could be said as the tops of this world began to move towards the Heaven.

　　　　◆◆◆

「IMPOSSIBLE, IMPOSSIBLE, IMPOSSIBLE!!」

Lucia was screaming in her main body while going partly mad.

Something impossible had happened just now.

A “Manas” with the strongest Will, was destroyed just by a mere human.

She absolutely couldn’t accept such a thing.

Lucia thought so and derived the most optimum solution with her thoughts still in chaos.

――That’s right, I just have to erase everything in the northern land――

Only after she thought so, calm returned to her heart.

And then she turned around and smiled at the being over there.

With compassionate expressions that matched her gentle appearance,

「Milim, I want you to listen to your mother’s request ――」

She said so.

A terrifying plan made by Lucia.

Her plan was to annihilate Guy and Chloe along with the northern continent using Milim’s Drago Nova[8] from a very high altitude.

She would order Velzard, who was under her control, with『Thought Transmission』to stop the movement of the other three people.

She had planned to strike them all in one go.

If she matched the timing and made Velzard self-destruct, it would cause massive destruction with the super high dense energy from the body of “True Dragon” as the source of the explosion.

With the synergy of Drago Nova, it would annihilate the northern continent.

It might even affect the planet itself, but such a thing was a trivial matter to Lucia.

Guy, Chloe, Velgrind, and Veldora.

She only had to get rid of those four people and everything would be fine.

If faced with this great destruction, it would be impossible even for those four people to survive.

Lucia estimated the result would be so.

「Milim, you see――」

At the moment when Lucia tried to continue with her words...

「Good grief, are you a fool who can’t even accept your own defeat?」

Such cold words came out from Milim’s mouth.

Lucia stared at Milim with eyes full of shock.

「I shall have you stop doing foolish things with my mother’s appearance for good.」

Milim declared and smiled fearlessly towards Lucia.

It was like a lie that she was obedient like a doll until now.

「Wha, you!? Could it be you aren’t under control――!?」

「Humph, you finally realized? I decided to stay obedient until now because I can’t come up with a way to break through your defense, but I don’t need to do so anymore, you see? I want to reclaim my mother’s body quickly, so let’s get started!」

Milim declared so and smiled complacently.

「What a foolish thing to say!? I have『Castle Guard』. There are many angels in this heaven, and besides even humanity’s faiths are directed to this ability now, my defensive powers are incomparable to Rudra’s which was reliant on something as vulnerable as loyalty ――」

「SHUT UP!」

Milim interrupted Lucia with a roar.

And then, she thrust her fist towards Lucia.

Lucia instantly put her guard up.

『Castle Guard』 automatically deployed in front of Lucia and protected her.

(You’re foolish, Milim. It’s troublesome that you broke out the control unexpectedly, but if Velda-sama awakened with perfect form, someone like you won’t matter. I only have to endure until then――）

The real surprise hit Lucia at the moment she thought up that far.

『Castle Guard』 was smashed into pieces and scattered before her eyes.

「Im-impossible!?」

An unbelievable and unacceptable reality was expanding in front of Lucia.

「Fool? You’re the fool here, you know? You don’t understand the ability at all. You are like a child who knows secrets and wants to tamper on things with them. Do you know why my father, Veldanava, didn’t give offensive capability to『Justice Lord Michael』……? It seems you thought that it was incomplete, but that’s wrong. That skill was complete because it was incomplete. What do you think will happen if the “Spear that could pierce everything” and “Shield that could block everything” come together[9]? Also, justice itself is something filled with contradictions. When you support one side, Justice will lose its impartialness. An absolute justice is nothing but fantasy. Because of this ambiguity, my father kept『Justice Lord Michael』 incomplete. It just became a power to protect without offensive power. Justice without force is powerless, but if you have the power to protect it, you could fulfill everything. That alone is what made it complete.」

Milim indifferently informed Lucia. Like a teacher enlightening a foolish student.

And now, her hand was slowly extended towards Lucia.

「Impossible, I won’t accept it. I will never accept such a thing!! Justice is the only――」

Milim’s hand touched Lucia.

「Your absolute defense is gone. Soon, your abilities will disappear too. Before that happens, I shall perform your last rites with my own hand.」

「Stop it! I’m Lucia, Velda-sama’s absolute believer, the one and only――」

「Begone from my mother. Mind Death Break[10]!!」

Without mercy, Milim’s destructive capability was fully displayed.

At this moment, the “Manas” created form『Justice Lord Michael』 named Lucia had been completely annihilated.

Milim embraced her mother’s corpse with a lonely expression.

There was no warmth in the body, as it was freed from the effect of the ability, its time which had stopped begun to flow instantly.

Lucia’s body withered, turned into dust and disappeared.

「Good night, Okaa-sama. Please, rest in peace――」

Milim didn’t have memories of her mother’s warmth.

For Milim, playing with her mother’s sacred remains was a sin worthy of a certain death.

She had achieved her goal of freeing her mother from Lucia who was being protected by the ultimate defense.

Milim shall teach the next sinful person the depths of her wrath.

The time has come.

The name of the person she should judge was Velda――the person who impersonated her father and played with her mother’s corpse.

From now on, Milim unleashed her suppressed wrath.

The heaven was about to be filled with waves of Milim’s wrath.

* * *

Author’s Note

I avoided Chloe’s Last Boss Route.

I’m sorry for those who had been expecting that.

I also have such versions, but I let it pass for now.

* * *

[1] Uchigatana is a shorter version of Tachi. The length of an Uchigatana blade was around 60 cm to no more than 70 cm while the length of a tachi blade was around 75 cm.



[2] 絶対切断(アブソリュートエンド) Zettai Setsudan (Abusoryuuto Endo). Absolute Severance, her previous Unique Skill. Remainder, Sariel was the combined and evolved form of Chloe and Hinata’s Unique Skills. Btw the Author gave the furigana for both now.

[3] 無限牢獄(インフィニティプリズン) Mugen Rougoku (Infiniti Purizun).

[4] 寝た子を起こさなければ, from 寝た子を起こす, an idiom (waking the sleeping dog/lion/tiger/beast/child) which mean avoid interfering in/with a situation/something/someone that is currently causing no problems but might do so as a result of such interference.

[5] クロノア Kuronoa.

[6] 勇気,希望,正義. Yuuki, Kibou, Seigi.

[7] 時空之神(ヨグ=ソトホート) Jikuu no Kami (Yogu=Sotohōto), the skill had become a God and also notice the change in its katakana, previously wasヨグ・ソトース Yogu・Sotōsu.

[8] 竜星爆炎覇(ドラゴ・ノヴァ) Ryuu sei/boshi/hoshi Bakuenha (Dorago Nova). Dragon Star/Stellar Dragon Supreme Exploding Flame

[9] Unstoppable Force Meets Immovable Object/Irresistible Force Paradox. The origin of the paradox is from China, wherein the metaphor originated in the Chinese story of a perfect spear that can pierce all shields and a perfect shield that stops all spears. The story is found in the 3rd century BC philosophical book by Han Feizi. In the story, a man/merchant tried to sell a spear and a shield. When he was asked how good his spear was, he said that his spear could pierce any shield. Then, when asked how good his shield was, he said that it could defend from all spear attacks. Then someone asked him what would happen if he were to take his spear to strike his shield; the seller could not answer. This led to the Chinese idiom of "zìxīang máodùn" (自相矛盾), which means "self-contradictory", wherein the Chinese word 矛盾; pinyin: máodùn; means "Spear-Shield". So, the two things can’t be true at the same time as they are contradicting each other. Either the shield or the spear breaks when they really meet.

[10] 攻性精神破壊(マインドデスブレイク) Kousei Seishin Hakai (Maindo Desu Bureiku). Aggressive Spirit/Mind Destruction.





Chapter 239: Soaring Wall


Author note: Milim was furious. She decided that she must, definitely, eliminate Velda, the root of all evils.

* * *

Milim burst the door open and proceeded to the throne room where Velda was sitting.

Transparent capsules filled with clear liquid were arranged systematically in the walls.

Floating inside each capsule were unborn angels.

The soul energy was being poured into these empty vessels.

Because they didn’t possess a physical body, they were beings that could only exist in the Heaven.

If they established a certain degree of ego, they could act on the surface world for a short time, but…… It required a bit more time for that to happen.

Milim paid no heed to the angels and aimed straight to the throne.

The heart of this Heaven.

It was the place where the God[1] sat at the center of everything.

Velda was now the ruler of this castle, in both name and reality.

The automatic defense system of the Sky Castle[2] reacted to Milim’s murderous intent and judged her as an enemy.

The alarm reverberated and Guardian Dolls[3] appeared.

However, they saw Milim’s necklace and stopped moving.

「YoU CaNnOt PrOcEeD bEyOnD tHiS pOiNt. PleAsE tUrN bAcK.」[4]

The dolls warned Milim.

However, Milim completely ignored them.

「Get out of the way.」

As she said so, Milim casually swung her fist and destroyed one of the dolls.

The dolls couldn’t attack Milim due to the necklace that showed that she was Velda’s family.

Nobody could stop Milim.

That was until a woman stood up before Milim.

「Milim-sama, you have grown to be such fine la……」

The woman tried to approach Milim while being moved to tears.

She was a beautiful and gentle woman wearing a solid black dress.

「Is that you, Salome…… it’s been a long time……」

Joy brightened up Milim’s expression for a moment, and then――

「No. You are not Salome……」

Her expression was clouded over by sadness instantly.

The woman who tried to embrace Milim was split into two.

What dripped out from her wound wasn’t blood but a transparent liquid of unknown ingredients――it was something that came out of a tattered body of a complex machinery rather than that of a living being.

「……Ahh…… Mi, lim…...sama…… you, have…… grown……beep――――」

She extended her hand to touch Milim’s cheek and wiped the teardrop on it.

Just like that, the doll modeled after Salome fell to the ground.

She was the woman who had raised and educated Milim when she still very young.

The woman who cared for Milim in the olden days had passed away.

There’s no way she’s alive.

Unlike Milim, who could live eternally, Salome was no more than one of the maids who served Lucia.

There was no way that Salome, who was a human, is still alive.

But…...Milim couldn’t help but think of it.

Whether her soul was called back to dwell inside the doll or not?

Such a thing was impossible.

That was the conclusion Milim came to: the correct truth.

Milim destroyed the doll without hesitation and severed her attachments.

It should be the right thing, and yet the doll’s satisfied smile and overflowing tears for some reason had made Milim confused.

So――

She was perhaps really――

「What a cruel thing to do. Even though I especially called back a deceased soul for your sake. I thought you would be pleased, so I prepared the present secretly…… I guess you didn’t like it?」

A clear voice reached Milim’s ears.

She didn’t need to turn around.

The owner of the voice was――

「It’s you, Velda. You bastard, I hope you are prepared for it.」

「Prepared…… For what I wonder?」

Against Milim’s expression filled with wrath, Velda still had a cool smile.

Two contrasting emotions were clashing as the two faced each other.

She hadn’t contacted Rimuru yet, but Milim wasn’t worried about it.

Since she felt residues of the Hero Chloe at the time she buried Lucia just a little while ago.

It was a very splendid sword slash that crossed over even『Multiple Existence』 and reached Lucia’s main body. It happened just for an instant, but Milim wouldn’t fail to notice it.

It was the time for the people who were being controlled by Lucia in the surface to be released. Although, it seemed Rimuru had schemed something as he lurked inside the shadow and perhaps already worked out some countermeasures for it.

If she thought like that, even if she didn’t bother to contact him, she believed that everything would be conveyed to Rimuru even if she stayed in this place.

The fool called Vega was the first one to be eliminated by Rimuru’s subordinates.

The small fry called Kazaream seemed to have fallen as he couldn’t defeat Leon.

She also knew about Dagruel’s defeat as Lucia was raising a fuss about it.

Although where Dino was and what he was doing was unknown, Milim thought that it was pointless even to be worried about that cunning man. She knew that he would suddenly appear sooner or later after all.

In other words, it could be said that Velda’s subordinates were all defeated.

「It seems that your prided Four Unholy Commanders have all been defeated. You’re the only one left, Velda. I shall have you receive the reward for making me angry.」

As Milim said so, she pulled out the demonic sword “Earth” and took a stance.

Velda looked at Milim with a smile while shrugging his shoulders.

「I’ll play with you, Milim.」

Those words became the signal.

Milim easily demonstrated continuous sword techniques.

However, Velda avoided everything by a paper-thin margin.

He was still unarmed and had leeway for his attitude against Milim.

That ignited Milim’s anger and the demonic sword “Earth” began pulsing as if it had reacted to it.

The rusts on the surface of the sword disappeared, showing its bluish-white blade. It seemed that the blade was strengthened as it absorbed waves of her anger.

「Die! Drago Break[5]!!」

A ferocious slash like an embodiment of Milim’s wrath was heading towards the defenseless Velda.

However――

「Too bad. You’re a bit slow.」

Velda easily stepped back with just a bit movement and dodged Milim’s sword.

But, that was as Milim’s planned.

「The time for destruction is now!」

The moment Velda evaded Milim’s sword, their position was now reversed.

Milim stood in front of the throne while Velda stood on the ground below the throne.

Plus, on the very rear of Velda’s position―― soared the Heaven Gate, the only gateway connecting the Heaven and the surface world.

From the very beginning, Milim aimed for the chance to simultaneously attack both Velda and the Heaven Gate.

With the demonic sword “Earth” in her right hand, and her left hand charged with Destruction Intent.

Right now, Milim unleashed Drago Nova at full power towards Velda.

A bluish-white light beam which resembled a sparkling star’s light overlapped repetitively and pierced through Velda.

It pressurized the surroundings as the beam bulged and expanded to pierce everything towards the entrance from which Milim entered from.

A flood of light was born, blowing away all of the lined up pillars.

And beyond them was the soaring wall of the Heaven Gate.

Everything was as Milim planned.

The bluish-white light beam penetrated through Velda as its power increased and pierced the Heaven Gate.

　　　　　　◇◇◇

As the lights subsided, half of the Sky Castle had been cleanly blown away and disappeared.

Only half of the castle remained behind where Milim stood.

However, the Heaven Gate was still intact.

It wasn’t unharmed as there were numerous cracks on it, but it had endured Milim’s strongest attack.

No, that’s not it.

(I saw the light had gotten refracted just before the impact, could it be――)

Milim didn’t let her guard down.

That was the right decision.

「Hmm, as one would expect from my daughter. I never expected that you can make cracks to this impassable gate.」

There was someone who spoke in an excited voice towards Milim.

Needless to say, it was Velda.

Velda, who was unharmed, had sat on the throne behind Milim before she noticed.

While suppressing her astonishment, Milim calmly turned around to face Velda.

「Oho……? For you to be unscathed after being hit by Drago Nova……」

「Ah, it was the ultimate magic that caused a supernova explosion with a super-high compression. It’s the ultimate perfected form of nuclear strike magic “Gravity Collapse[6]”, but it’s impossible to be use unless the user can manipulate Stardust[7] freely. It’s indeed an ultimate magic fitting for you. But, you see――」

Velda began to explain heedlessly to Milim who unintentionally expressed her disbelief. He created a thin light membrane on his hand as to show Milim and continued his explanation.

「I can also manipulate stardust. It’s easy to avert the impact since I directed the destruction so it only affected a limited area.」

So he explained.

Velda seemed to be surprised that her power could affect the impassable gate, but it wasn’t that surprising for Milim.

Velda had said it easily, but it was an impossible feat unless he could read Milim’s thoughts and understood her aim completely.

More importantly, there was no one who could manipulate stardust except Milim.

It was an ultimate magic with the only way to defend against it was to do a lot of work of casting nuclear strike magic repeatedly in order to offset it which even Guy couldn’t do …… But, right now, Velda had shown that he could easily manipulate it.

In other words, it was no more than a magic which could easily be blocked for Velda and Milim had lost one of her trump cards.

(What a monster……)

For the first time, Milim experienced Velda’s true strength in the truest sense.

「Well, are you done now? Since I will have you make a child with me, I don’t want to hurt you. You should have played around enough, right? Please be obedient now.」

With a gentle smile, Velda said so as if he was persuading a child.

Milim desperately racked her head for something.

“Is there nothing I can do?” Milim sought for a telling blow to Velda by making full use of her computation prediction.

However, her calculation indicated a merciless result that everything was useless even with her high abilities.

(Kuh, I should have waited for Rimuru and his subordinates to come here……)

At the moment when Milim regretted her action――

――Crack――

So, a small sound echoed in the place.

Milim moved her sight to see the origin of the sound.

It also attracted Velda’s attention as he did the same as Milim.

「What!?」

And for the first time, Velda’s expression was filled with disbelief.

Right now, there was a huge crack on the towering Heaven Gate that blocked everyone from passing.

And then――light came flowing from the crack and the gate crumbled immediately after a thunderous sound.

「Good grief. What a sturdy gate, right?」

「Totally. I didn’t expect that even with the three of us it would repel our attack over and over again.」

「That’s right. I thought that it would be an easy task when we received the order from Rimuru-sama.」

While conversing like that, three women passed through the gate and came to invade.

Testarossa, Ultima and Carrera.

Under Rimuru’s order, they had finally succeeded in destroying the Heaven Gate.

「But, there seemed to be an impact from the inside at the end――」

「Eh, there are some people here?」

「――I see, there was a commotion inside or something like that.」

The three shifted their focus to Milim and Velda and seemed to have guessed the circumstances.

Testarossa smiled wickedly and pierced Velda with her cold gaze.

「Hey, you two. If we kill that guy, won’t all the achievements be ours?」

「Right, right! It seems we are the first to arrive here!」

「Milim-sama seems to be struggling too, she probably won’t complain if we help her.」

The other two agreed to Testarossa’s words.

And so, the three people confronted Velda with their respective weapons in hand.

　　　　　　◇◇◇

Milim analyzed the situation and thought of their winning percentages.

It seemed that Rimuru had made the necessary preparations with exquisite timing as Milim had expected.

She was unsure whether they could compete against Velda, but if they could distract Velda even momentarily, Milim could land a full power Drago Break.

If she condensed Drago Nova’s energy and made it explode inside Velda’s body, even Velda who could manipulate stardust could do nothing but to perish.

Milim concluded so instantly.

「You guys, sorry but please lend me your help!」

The three demons delightfully nodded to Milim’s shout.

Her path to victory had been shut before, but she could now see a path opening even though it was only a small one.

Velda looked at Milim uninterestedly and shifted his sight to see the three demons.

Then he said,

「It’s troublesome to play with people other than Milim. I shall prepare suitable opponents for you guys.」

He announced so and took out an orb to his hand.

Milim and the three demons were wary of Velda’s action.

However, something was created in an instant.

Two people were standing in front of Velda.

An old man dressed in luxurious black clothes.

A short-haired soldier dressed in the former Empire Army’s official uniform.

The two surveyed their surroundings as they looked strangely confused.

「I, I’m certain that I should have died after I entrusted the girl with my techniques…」

「Why am I here? I’m alive―― No, that’s impossible.」

They were Damrada who had entrusted his techniques to Ultima and Kondou Tatsuya who had entrusted his Will to Carrera.

However, they were not the real one.

That was proven from their reaction.

「Yo, you guys seem to have woken up. How’s the body’s condition?」

「Ah, Velda-sama! It is very good.」

「It’s been a long time, Velda-sama. For you to call me, do you have a mission for me?」

Damrada and Kondou took a pose to show their loyalty in front of Velda.

Their current appearance was something you couldn’t imagine from them when they were alive.

Ultima and Carrera were stunned when they looked at the two.

It was truly unbelievable, but the two appeared so similar to the real ones.

「Don’t be deceived! They are just copies harboring their memories. Moreover――Velda had rewritten the memories to his likings…… their real selves’ soul had disappeared, right? Not even a god can revive the dead!」

From Milim’s shout, Ultima and Carrera also realized the truth.

Velda’s cheerful voice reached them.

「That’s right. They and the maid I made a while ago for Milim have the same principle. Strangely, I can’t collect memories of a living person and I can only use it once. This Memory Orb[8] can reproduce a deceased person’s memories.」

Velda said so while fiddling around with the third orb he took out.

And, he continued talking.

「I collected the angels’ energy to this orb as the core and created a temporary body for them. They can’t act on the surface, but that doesn’t matter here. Besides, even if I used a lot of unskilled personalities or even if I tried to evolve them into Manas, they weren’t strong…… This time I tried to replicate those with a strong will. With energy comparable to ten awakened demon lords and a strong will. How about it, don’t you think they are strong?」

Velda explained while laughing.

As they understood the meaning of his words, the demons’ expressions were dyed with anger.

Tampering with a person’s soul was the demons’ specialty. Therefore, they didn’t intend to complain about it.

However, playing with the memories of the people whom they acknowledged was a blasphemy to them.

Demons were fundamentally selfish, even if they could tolerate their own actions, that didn’t mean they could tolerate others’ actions.

「It appears that he really wants to die.」

「I’m so mad now.」

「Making me angry isn’t something that is easy to be done.」

The three demons, who couldn’t look at themselves objectively, declared their anger in their own way.

And, that was the same for Milim.

「Don’t let your guard down. I’ll be Velda’s opponent, but I can’t hold out for long. Get rid of those impostors quickly.」

She ordered those words to the three.

Thus, the fight in the Heaven had begun.

* * *

[1] 天帝 Tentei, made from kanji of Heaven and Sovereign. Ruler of Heaven, Emperor of Heaven, Heaven Sovereign, God.

[2] 天空城. Sky/Air/Heaven Castle. I forgot to mention other alternatives when it appeared before, I think. It’s the Castle in the Sky XD

[3] 守護機神(ガーディアンドール) Shugo Kishin (Gādian Dōru) Machine God Protector.

[4] This sentence is spoken in combination of kanji and katakana to make it looks like a robot/doll/machine is talking.

[5] 天魔竜星斬(ドラゴ・ブレイク) Tenma Ryuuboshi Zan (Dorago Bureiku). Tenma Star/Stellar Dragon Slash.

[6] 重力崩壊(グラビティーコラプス) Juuryokuhoukai (Gurabitī Korapusu)

[7] 星粒子(スターダスト) Hoshi Ryuushi (Sutādasuto). Star Particle/Grain.

[8] 記憶の宝珠(メモリーオーブ) Kioku no Houju (Memorī О̄bu). Sacred/Precious Orb of Memory.

P.S. reminder that Ultima is a Bokukko XD

I just remember the katakana for Milim's Demonic Sword is Earth, I had changed it accordingly.





Chapter 240: Final Decisive Battle[1] - Part 1


Damrada and Kondou were calm without batting an eye despite being called fakes.

They faced Carrera and Ultima without any emotions could be felt.

No, they naturally had no emotions.

Even if their memories were recreated, they were still someone else. Since they had no soul, they were merely a substitute Artificial Intelligence for combat. This certainly could be said as a deed of violating the dead.

Velda looked at the demons who got angry and without his expression changing ordered「Eliminate the hindrances」.

And so, the fight had begun.

Ultima exchanged blows with Damrada.

Carrera and Kondou aimed their guns at each other in a short range.

The battles between the two pairs were intense, but the match clearly showed who’s superior in an instant.

Bloody Bite which unleashed by Ultima was parried by Damrada without being overpowered by it.

Just a few words,

「My technique, is it? It seems you have inherited it splendidly but…… if the skill is the same, naturally what decides the outcome is the difference in power between us.」

Damrada uttered his impression.

And then, he pierced through Ultima’s chest whose stance was broken with his crushing fist[2].

He refined enormous energy and assimilated it with his fighting spirit, and concentrated it on his fist. And then, the mass of unleashed fighting spirit caused explosive destructive power.

While coiled around like a snake, it devoured the inside of Ultima’s body.

Ultima was conscious but she couldn’t move her body. Because she’s a demon which is a spiritual life-form, she lost the control of the body because the flow of energy was devoured.

No, if this happened on someone with a physical body, they might not be able to endure it and have their insides collapse and explode……

Carrera likewise fell on the ground.

They had fast drawn their guns at extreme speed and simultaneously fired their bullets, but the power discrepancy was too great.

The bullets fired from Carrera’s large caliber handgun collided head-on with the bullets fired from Kondou’s automatic handgun. The bullets which are refined energy bullets, due to the difference in energy density, one side’s had their bullets burst and disappeared. The bullets that Carrera fired had disappeared.

「Wha!?」

By the time she was surprised, it was after a large amount of energy had been deprived from Carrera’s body.

Ultima and Carrera, those two who rivaled or surpassed even an awakened demon lord, were easily defeated just like taking candy from a baby.

While confronting Velda, Milim was observing the fight with side glances.

(Energy comparable to 10 awakened demon lords, hum? It seems he wasn’t just bragging about it.)

So, she quickly concluded.

She realized that the demons had no chance for winning against Kondou and Damrada from their exchanges just now.

Then, what would she do, Milim had no other choice but to throw her hands up.

Moreover…… She was concerned about the third memory orb Velda had.

Although the energy that filled up the heavens had almost disappeared entirely just by Velda creating Kondou and Damrada, if he brought forth someone whom rivaled those two, their chance of winning would be gone.

(This is very bad. I didn’t expect it, for him to really have strength surpassing “True Dragons…… it seems my thoughts are a bit naïve.)

Nonetheless, Milim thought that if Velda had so much power, regardless of whether she did it alone or carefully made a plan and challenged him with everyone, there wouldn’t be much of difference anyway.

The only thing Milim could do was to unleash all her power to crush Velda.

Milim prepared to fire a full power Drago Nova while kneading fighting spirit inside her body.

Milim had not given up yet.

She believed that the possibility of her defeating Velda wasn’t zero if she could land an attack on him.

However, she had no choice but to admit that it was very difficult to penetrate Velda’s guards……

Two of the demons were defeated and Testarossa left alone wouldn’t be able to stop Kondou and Damrada.

It was a very disadvantageous situation.

However, even so――

Milim kept analyzing the situation calmly.

「Well now, Milim. It’s about time for you to give up and be obedient. No matter how you struggle, you understand that you have no odds of winning, do you?」

「Humph. Say whatever you want. If you wanted a child, you should have made one with that insolent person who called herself my mother. Although she met a foolish end.」

「Don’t misunderstand it, Milim. What I wanted is not really a child. The only one who stands next to Velda is Lucia. I thought that I could recreate『Knowledge Lord Raphael』 if I granted it a physical body and name but……」

「What?」

「Ah, as expected, it seems the manas created from『Justice Lord Michael』couldn’t become Lucia’s soul. It’s a disappointment for you too, right? If only I could reproduce『Knowledge Lord Raphael』 that Lucia previous had, it can be said that reviving the soul that created the skill is possible. If I succeed that far, I only need to plant memories to the soul again. It can be said as a reverse process of a soul creating the skill but…… it seems to be more difficult than I thought. It was the most probable method though――」

Velda answered Milim’s question.

His thoughts were nothing but crazy as he talked about a method that could be said as taboo.

「You bastard, in order to revive my mother…… you created the memory orb?」

「That’s right, so what? Even spreading fear, panic, and chaos to the world to destroy humanity was nothing more because of my wishful thinking, "it would be great if someone awakened with it under such circumstances.” It would be rational for me to seek a more certain method, right? Reviving a soul is very difficult, but if the same skill can be created, the characteristics can be said pretty similar. That’s why it’s important for Ultimate Skill『Knowledge Lord Raphael』to be created.」

「You bastard, such a――」

Milim was made speechless.

She tried to deny it, but she had realized that there was a slight possibility in that method.

「But, well, I didn’t think that it would fail, even though I granted Michael the body I had preserved. Moreover, I ended up losing the precious body, this was a failure. So, as the last resort, I think that me making a child with you will be the most certain way. If it’s you who is Lucia’s daughter, wouldn’t you able to give birth to a body similar in terms of DNA? With just a bit of tampering, I can change it to the same body as the original Lucia.」[3]

With a clear and serene smile, Velda informed the method dyed with madness to Milim.

「You are crazy――」

「Is that so? But, you see, Milim…… no matter what you are thinking, it doesn’t matter to me.」

And, for an instant, Velda disappeared and Milim received an impact on her abdomen.

Although she took a defensive stance right away, Velda’s fist easily broke through her『Multiple Barrier』, and the fighting spirit she kneaded with a lot of efforts ended up dispersed.

Just like that, Milim was thrown to the ground.

Although she tried to stand up, her body couldn’t muster any strength in contrast to her will.

(Kuhaa, he is……certainly, strong――）

Milim glared at Velda while keeping her consciousness by adjusting her fighting spirit.

「I see you’re still resisting, Milim. I’ll be your opponent after I destroyed the world, so I want you to sleep for a bit.」

While saying those words, Velda focused energy on his fist and held up his hand to Milim.

And then, lights were overflowing from his hand――

　　　　　　◇◇◇

Testarossa accurately analyzed the current situation and judged that her chance of winning was 0.

Her result was more pessimistic than the conclusion Milim had, but that was because Testarossa didn’t possess any trump card.

Since the two demons of the same rank as her were defeated instantly, the result could be seen no matter how hard she tried.

Given the situation, there was only one way that Testarossa could do.

(Good grief. I didn’t expect that Velda is such an existence. However, well, we had accomplished the supreme command we received from Rimuru-sama to break the heaven gate, it could be said the plan is a success. If it’s Rimuru-sama, he would have started with the next plan I guess, so I should earn some more time――）

Since she would lose even if she fought, there was no other way but to earn time by conversation.

For Testarossa, death wasn’t something to be afraid of. After hundreds of years, or even after thousands of years, it would be possible for her regenerate with some of her memories and ego. But, when she thought that the comrades she knew might not exist in that era, she felt a bit lonely……

(Fufu, that’s funny. For me to feel lonely…… Is this what they called a sentiment, I wonder? Well, whatever……)

Testarossa switched her thoughts and began to stall for time by verbal attacks.

「There is no feelings and no souls either. You two are moving sophisticatedly for a hollow doll. However, it’s hilarious――」

Testarossa said those words pompously, watching for their reaction.

Talking like this would be meaningless if their memories were just reproduced, but Damrada and Kondou had their memories altered. Testarossa was aiming at the inconsistency in it and saw their reaction.

Although those two were like robots without emotions, “Won’t they get confused due to the inconsistencies as they are precise machines?” so Testarossa had such a prediction.

「Hilarious……? What do you mean, young lady?」

Damrada asked calmly.

Moreover, the one who answered was not Testarossa, but Kondou.

「It’s simple. This demon (Carrera) seems to have taken over my ability――even my soul. But, I don’t have memories of it. The person I have given my soul to is hostile against Velda-sama with some kind of goal. Guessing from the circumstances, it would be natural to think that some part of my memories was inconveniently rewritten. Don’t you think so too, Damrada?」

「――that’s, isn’t it possible that our souls were stolen?」

「No. I won’t allow such unsightly conduct.」

Kondou declared confidently.

Damrada also nodded. Although he said it himself, he understood that it was an unlikely thing to happen.

「――I, I guess so. This girl had succeeded my techniques and used it perfectly after all……」

Damrada agreed to Kondou’s explanation.

Testarossa looked at Kondou with a slightly surprised expression.

Because Testarossa was impressed by Kondou who had analyzed and explained the current situation perfectly in such a short time since he was created.

(This man is frighteningly calm. There are things that only Carrera acknowledges――)

However, at the same time, Testarossa realized from looking at Kondou’s clear eyes that even if she thrust many contradictions to him, he wouldn’t be confused or change sides.

「But, does it matter? Don’t worry about it, Damrada. We just need to carry out the mission given by Velda-sama.」

As Testarossa thought, the man reproduced from Kondou’s memories pointed the muzzle of his gun towards Testarossa without hesitation in his eyes.

(Hmph. I thought that I would able to earn slightly more time, but it was meaningless, I guess. Rimuru-sama, it doesn’t mean we’re dead. Please――give us your forgiveness……)

Testarossa stood proudly till the end.

Her mouth took the shape of a crescent moon and sprouted a charming smile.

Although she did everything she could, she concluded that it seemed that she ran out of time. However, rather than given up, she concentrated her consciousness in order to activate the Secret Technique of Reincarnation[4] with her strong will and pride as the strongest Devil Lord in her heart.

However, the Secret Technique of Reincarnation was never activated. That was because it was no longer necessary.

The last struggle Testarossa had done was not pointless.

One shot was fired.

Kondou’s bullet was strong enough to annihilate even a Devil Lord whom surpassed awakened demon lords as it housed overwhelming killing intent that wouldn’t allow evasion or defense. Exactly at the moment when the assassin’s bullet broke through Testarossa’s『Multiple Barrier』――

「Kufufufufu. Testarossa, you’re not permitted to die without permission. Rimuru-sama will be angry, you know?」

The bullet was stopped exactly in front of Testarossa.

A smiling Diablo suddenly appeared and stood next to Testarossa, while holding the bullet with his fingers.

「Diablo, you were late you know? I didn’t plan to die, but it was just one step before I got annihilated, you know.」

「Kufufufufu, excuse me then. However, didn’t you ladies proceed without permission after destroying the heaven gate?」

Testarossa lightly shrugged her shoulders to Diablo’s inquiry and changed the topic.

「So, may I leave those two to you?」

「I’m afraid to say, it might be hard for me alone. However, there’s no need to worry. Because it isn’t just me who came to this place after all.」

「Could it be, Rimuru-sama too!?」

「No. It looks like Rimuru-sama will come after the removal of the flying insects is confirmed. Therefore, I wanted everything to be over until then though……」

Diablo looked at Damrada and Kondou and smiled wryly.

He glanced to look at Velda who fired lights towards Milim.

「Kufufufufu. As expected, they’re fast. It seemed those people have arrived. However, everything is going as planned, I suppose――」

「What?」

Immediately after Testarossa responded to Diablo’s mutter, an explosion occurred centered on the place where Milim was.

Kondou withdrew to the rear while being cautious of Diablo and Damrada also moved instantly in front of Velda to protect his master with his body as a shield.

Looking at the unexpected explosion, Velda slightly clicked his tongue and grumbled 「More hindrances are coming……」.

「See? Because you ladies are slow in breaking the gate, other people have arrived. Although if its just me I would have been defeated, so I won’t complain only for this time.」

The people Velda grumbled as hindrances and the other people Diablo mentioned were needless to say……

Appeared besides and in front of Milim were figures of five people―― Guy and Chloe, also the three “True Dragons”.

　　　　　　◇◇◇

Velda glanced at Guy and the others unpleasantly.

And then, he opened his mouth.

「Geez. Because you came together with everyone, does this mean you’re going against me? Hey, Velzard?」

Instead of Veldora and Velgrind who he couldn’t connect his thoughts with, Velda questioned Velzard who had been under his control in order to ascertain her intention.

「Silence. You’re an imposter who impersonates my Aniue. Now that you mention it, why did I ended up thinking that a bastard like you is my Aniue…....」

Velzard cut down Velda’s question and clearly showed her hostile intention to him.

Velda’s domination on her had already been lifted off by Guy and lost its effect, now, there were no more gaps inside her heart to be taken advantaged by control type ability.

, Velda sighed and shrugged his shoulders.

He annoyingly said「You all really are troublesome」, and his mouth curled wickedly as he thought of something good.

「That’s right, I shall call out a person you all dearly missed. I’m kind after all.」

While speaking so, he took out the last memory orb from his pocket.

「Guy!」

「As if I will let you!」

Guy reacted to Milim’s shout and unsheathed his sword with great speed to attack Velda.

While evading the attack easily, Velda said「You’re too slow.」 and laughed.

「Hey, it seems the angels below have been destroyed just at the right time. Energy started to fill up the heaven. With this, it looks like I can create the strongest one with all the power left from the angels. All of you are excited too, right? Enjoy the reunion you all yearn as much as possible!」

And then―― a human was created.

「What is this place? Or rather, what happened to yours truly?」

Velgrind turned pale when she saw that person. Guy and Velzard too.

The reason why was that person was Guy’s best friend and the subject of Velzard’s jealously. And also, he was Velgrind’s partner.

That person’s name is Rudra Nasca.

He was the Rudra Nasca who had the memories of his prime when he was still the strongest.

The energy leaked out of the destroyed angels from the surface flowing into the heaven and formed Rudra’s body. It was a tremendous dense energy which easily surpassed Kondou and Damrada who were created earlier.

Velda’s trump card who foresaw the defeat on the surface was now manifested its form.

Three people stood like protecting Velda.

Damrada and Kondou were on his left and right with Rudra in the center.

Confronting them were Guy, Milim and the three “True Dragons”. There was also Chloe and Diablo.

Testarossa retrieved Ultima and Carrera and treated them. She judged calmly that participating in the fight would be pointless because the level of the fight had reached another dimension.

From Testarossa, she could only pray for Diablo and the others’ victory.

However, it was like Testarossa didn’t have any feelings of anxiety and fear.

What could be seen from her eyes was the color of interest.

(Even so…… that Diablo, he stands side by side with those at the top.)

Even Testarossa had no other choice but to admit that those people were called the pinnacles of this world.

Testarossa nodded satisfyingly as she saw her colleague calmly stand beside those people without feeling timid.

She wasn’t afraid of defeat.

She would even overcome death.

And then, she decided that someday―― they would climb and reached the top too.

And now――

Each of them ascertained their prey and the fight began.

* * *

[1] 頂上決戦 Chōjō kessen. There are a lot of alternatives for the title, Final Decisive Battle/ Final Great Battle/Greatest Decisive Battle/ Climactic Battle/Summit Battle/Peak of the Decisive Battle/ Final Battle for the Top/Summit Showdown/Final Showdown/ Peak Decisive Battle/Ultimate Match/ Top Decisive Battle etc etc. Which one do you guys think is the best for the chapter title?

[2] 崩拳Hōken, Crushing Fist, Demolition Fist.

[3] Ed note: This is wrong on so many levels...Trying to get the daughter to bear a child to turn into her mother...yep, crazy all right.

[4] 輪廻転生の秘義 Rinnetenshou no Higi.

P.S. Lucia's Raphael uses a different Kanji from Rimuru's. Wisdom and Knowledge might be similar but not really the same thing imo.





Chapter 241: Final Decisive Battle - Part 2


Guy was the one who moved first.

He casually moved to slash Velda like a frame-by-frame from a stop-motion animation.

Damrada and Kondou moved to stop it, but Veldora and Diablo also reacted.

「Kufufufufu. Veldora-sama, I can deal with them alone if it’s these people, though?」

「Kuhahahaha, what are you saying? No need to hold back, let me help you too!」

As if he was getting impatient, Veldora insisted to Diablo who coolly smiled.

For Veldora, his true intention was that he didn’t want to be near his sister――Velgrind whose complexion changed since she saw Rudra. Therefore, he had to have an opponent by all means.

「Then, Veldora-sama――」

「Hmm. That guy in military uniform was the man who bombarded me with bullets. I shall pay him back and be his opponent here.」

「I see, in that case, I shall be the opponent of the other one.」

After the brief exchange of words, Veldora and Diablo moved simultaneously.

Damrada and Diablo exchanged blows.

With a saber[1] in his right hand and handgun in his left, Kondou attacked Veldora.

The shock waves generated by their intense clashes shook the heaven.

And then, the two pairs ascertained each other’s prey and left the place.

Looking at them with a sideways glance, Velgrind started to ponder.

Both Damrada and Kondou had served as Emperor Rudra’s trusted retainers for a long time. Therefore, Velgrind also knew the two of them very well, even their characters and abilities.

They had unprecedented power with a human body and not the type of people who would be arrogant and careless.

They were certainly a threat as the two of them had obtained power far transcending awakened demon lord.

However――

「Veldora, I won’t have any mercy on you if you let your guard down, you know!」

So, Velgrind called out to Veldora before changing her line of sight to Rudra.

Although they certainly were powerful, their power hadn’t reached the level of a “True Dragon” yet. She believed that she didn’t need to worry if Veldora fought one of them.

(However, if he fights horribly, I’ll punish him.)

So, Velgrind moved while thinking about things that would make Veldora shudder.

At the moment when Guy tried to swing his sword down towards Velda, a sword of light came interrupting from the side and stopped the sword.

It was the deed of the man who stood in front of Velda, Rudra.

As they were, both of them shifted their position to cross their swords and swung it fluently.

Both of them didn’t carry a shield as they were in a stance of complete attack.

For them, their swords were their weapon and shield.

「Hee, interesting. It seems your skills aren’t getting duller, Guy!」

「Skip your blabbering, a fake like you won’t bother me!」

The two of them shouted and struck each other with full power blow.

That blow had power enough to deliver a deadly blow. However, both of them skillfully parried it off and were unable to deal any injury on their opponent

Astonishingly, the fake Rudra had become an embodiment of perfect strength.

The proof was that the fake Rudra had complete control of the temporary body which condensed from a tremendous amount of energy.

It was an unbelievable thing for Velgrind, but the fake Rudra’s strength rivaled Guy.

「Guy, I’ll assist you!」

「Idiot, don’t come hereーー!!」

It happened in an instant.

At the moment Velgrind tried to slash the fake Rudra with her Godspeed Saberclaw[2] to assist Guy with her claws which turned into swords.――she felt a terrible pain in her arm.

(Impossible!? I felt pain even though this body has『Pain Nullification』!?)

Astonished, Velgrind leaped back.

「Heee, My skill has gotten duller. I intended to chop off your neck though. No, I guess you have become stronger―― Right, Velgrind?」

For the first time, Velgrind stared at the fake Rudra.

That young man ought to be an imitation of Rudra in his youth.

Even Velgrind’s eyes couldn’t distinguish the fake in front of her with the real one, as it had completely reproduced his strength down to his roughness……

(Impossible. I cared for you till the end, Rudra……)

「….. You are a fake!」

「Haa! Don’t make me laugh, Velgrind. I’m the one who decides that. I’m a fake because I have no soul? I’m a fake because I got revived? I’m a fake because I’m being controlled? All wrong. I become a fake when I admit I’m a fake and my Will dies. I’m alive, you know? I’m thinking, choosing and moving on. I’m me and nobody else! You know that right, Velgrind? Okay, I will admit that it’s true I have died once. Therefore, I will start over from the beginning. I will beat you guys once so you guys will acknowledge my greatness. Then, I’ll make you guys my companion. I’m the man who will eventually conquer the world. That is my promise with “Stellar Lord Dragon” Veldanava who is also my master after all.」

He laughed off to Velgrind’s shout.

And then, Rudra erased his sword of light, the materialization of his aura and smiled fearlessly.

「It will be rude for me to fight with such a toy, right. I will show you what I’m made of.」

Saying so, he held up both of his hands and muttered『Divine Sword Summon[3]』.

At that moment, the time-space between Rudra’s hands cracked and a radiant sword manifested.

Looking at that, Guy’s red eyes kindled with joy and he smiled deeper.

In shock and confusion, Velgrind took a step back.

Then, while showing a smile to Guy, Rudra held up his sword and said.

「Let’s settle our fight for sure today, Guy!」

「Humph. That's just what I wanted, Rudra!![4]」

What is Divine Sword Summon? It’s a ritual to bring out the sword he used against his opponent only when he got serious.

For him to be able to summon the sword which chose its owner――Divine Sword “Star[5]"―― regardless whether the man in front of his eyes is a fake or a real one, he probably has a similar Will to Rudra who was Guy’s friend.

(Even after dying, you are still going to stand before me and get in my path, heh? You probably won’t let me quit when I’m ahead; you truly are a guy who hated losing.[6])

Guy was happy and couldn’t hide the smile sprouting on his mouth.

Guy already didn’t care about Velda and other things and immersed himself in his fight with Rudra.

And, Velgrind too―― she decided to watch over the two of them.

The rule agreed upon between Guy and Rudra from a very long time ago didn’t permit Velgrind and Velzard to interfere in their fight.

While Velgrind was watching, their fight grew fiercer……

　　　　　　◆◆◆

Velzard also felt a similar shock like Velgrind.

However, she was Guy’s partner so it could be said the shock she felt was smaller than Velgrind.

More importantly, thanks to the bonds with Guy she felt earlier, she never got agitated when she saw Rudra.

Velzard was treating Milim’s injury indifferently without showing astonishment on her face.

She looked at Chloe who before she noticed was confronting Velda and stalling with her swordplay.

Milim’s injury was not as bad as she expected, so Velzard was relieved that Milim would recover soon at this rate.

「Sorry, I’m okay now.」

As Velzard expected, Milim recovered immediately.

Moreover, even though she was completely unable to compete with Velda just a while ago, Milim tried to rush towards Velda without learning any lessons from before.

「Milim, is there any chance of winning?」

「Huh? There’s none. But well, I might hit on some kind of idea while fighting, right?」

“Ah, it’s not good” so Velzard thought.

Just as she expected, Milim was being toyed with by Velda.

「Grrr, you agile bastard!」

While Velzard was watching, it seemed Milim was refining her fighting spirit steadily, even while she was cursing, but……Her energy didn’t increase greatly as Velzard imagined.

Although it was larger than an awakened demon lord, it was only 10% compared to a “True Dragon”.

(――That’s odd. Compared with the enormous energy she had when she fought Guy, I think Milim’s current strength is too small though…...)

Guy and Rudra were fighting equally.

If Velzard got in the way, she would obviously incur Guy’s wrath, so she couldn’t do anything but to leave them be.

It seemed her younger brother, Veldora, had become very impudent and stubborn before she noticed, but she decided that it would be alright to ignore him.

Moreover, because Guy and Rudra began immersing themselves in their fight, Velgrind could afford to pay attention to Veldora and others. Even while watching the two fight, Velgrind is preparing in case of an unforeseen situation.

Looking at that, Velzard judged that it would better to leave it to Velgrind in case anything happened.

The problem was Velda.

As one would expect of Chloe, she was cautious and devoted herself to a wait-and-see approach. Carefully and calmly, she seemed to be measuring Velda’s strength.

On the other hand, Milim was reckless as she kept repeating her suicidal attacks.

Velzard was helping Milim with defense by putting up her shield to prevent the attacks towards Milim, but she would still accumulate some damage.

Although Milim didn’t look like she was holding back, she appeared weaker compared to when she fought Guy a long time ago.

Velzard doubted it.

「Milim, you……」

「MILIM, YOU FOOL! YOU BETTER GET SERIOUS!」

When Velzard tried to say her doubt, Guy shouted as if he lost his temper.

On the other hand, Milim rebutted seemingly unamused.

「I’m going full power! I didn’t hold back, you know!?」

「Idiot. You were stronger a long time ago, you know!? You aren’t using『Wrathful Lord Satanael』, right!?」

「Ugh!?」

Having been pointed out by Guy, Milim’s sight went all over the place for an instant as if to express “I forgot!”.

However, if she were to elude the question, it would hurt her dignity,

「Bu-but! I might not be able to control myself with it. Last time, you and Ramiris ――」

「Jeez! Just do it! Even I have my hands full with this guy as my opponent, you know!? Just hurry up and send that damn bastard flying!」

Guy urged Milim with partly desperate tone.

In fact, both Guy and Rudra’s strength were nearly equal and Guy didn’t have the leeway to talk with Milim.

He could only tell Milim that much and turned towards Rudra.

「Sorry to keep you waiting」

「What, it’s fine. It will be boring unless we fight seriously after all.」

Guy stated his thanks to Rudra who was holding back while Guy was advising Milim.

Rudra magnanimously nodded.

Then, they both struck their swords at the same time and scattered intense sparks.

Velzard sighed after she watched the two in amazement and felt her doubt was cleared.

It wasn’t that Milim hadn’t gotten serious; she just didn’t use her Ultimate Skill.

However, Milim’s words were also correct.

A『Magic Essence Breeder Reactor[7]』that was so strong that Milim couldn’t master it; that was『Wrathful Lord Satanael』’s true identity.

The ultimate power which increased her magic essences steadily by using her intense anger and magic essences as fuel.

The magic essences used as fuel were used and restored[8] to become even more power. It was literally multiplied.

As long as this was activated, Milim’s energy[9] would increase immediately. Furthermore, it wouldn’t decrease even if she kept using it, it was certainly the ultimate ability.

The one who controls infinite power, that is the demon lord named Milim.

Her title as the child of Veldanava was not just for show.

However, Milim had never activated『Wrathful Lord Satanael』at all.

It was only after Guy had succeeded in reproducing the ability when they fought long ago that Milim realized it.

Although Guy had succeeded in reproducing『Wrathful Lord Satanael』with his『Prideful Lord Lucifer』, he gave up in letting such an extremely powerful ability to stay active all the time. He could keep it permanently active at about 40% and using his remaining capacities to utilize other abilities. And, even if he activated the ability in full power while maintaining his ego, the limit would be about 90% from a self-analysis he had done.

However, if it is Milim――it’s an unparalleled powerful ability but if it’s Milim she can control it―― such is Guy's confidence in her.

And, Velzard too remembered the story she previously heard from Guy when she saw the current Milim.

Milim didn’t need to use Ultimate Skill because she possessed enormous energy surpassing awakened demon lord.

If Milim could activate『Wrathful Lord Satanael』, Velzard thought that she couldn’t imagine how high her strength would rise.

(Perhaps, she might be able to embody a strength exceeding even us the “True Dragons” ――)

She came to realize the threat.

However, she thought that it was necessary to defeat Velda in front of her. Besides, if it was Milim, she believed that Milim could control『Wrathful Lord Satanael』completely with her strong will.

As for Milim―― despite having intense conflicts, she understood that her current strength didn’t reach Velda’s.

Therefore, she made the decision to pour her rage into『Wrathful Lord Satanael』.

As if he sensed the sign from Milim,

「Rudra, there’s no time to play around, hurry up and finish it!」

So, Velda shouted.

However, the answer was――

「Shut up, my opponent isn’t so weak that I can win by going half-assed! You should understand that if you are my master! For you to say such foolish words, it seems you are not my master as I expected. However, I don’t care. I’m grateful that you gave me the chance to settle my fight with Guy. So, be quiet. I will do my best to thank you for that. If you understand, then don’t order me around!」

Rudra straightforwardly rebuked Velda.

There was only the matter to settle his fight with Guy in Rudra’s mind.

He was now enjoying his fight with Guy from the bottom of his heart and felt that Velda’s words were nothing more than a hindrance.

Milim’s voice echoed when Velda frowned due to Rudra’s response.

「Sorry to keep you waiting. This time, I’ll go all out for sure!」

Milim stood with bluish-white patterns that looked like dragon scales having emerged on her whole body.

――Enormous amount of aura gushed out from her body which was neatly circulated and formed a defensive membrane to cope with every kind of attacks.

The Dragon Princess[10] Milim Nava had now unleashed her true power.

* * *

[1] 軍刀 Guntou, Military Sword. Refers to sword made to be used by Japanese army and navy after the end of samurai era.

[2] 神速剣爪 Shinsoku Kensō. Sword Claws/Nails/Talons.

[3] 神剣召喚 Shinken Shoukan. Divine/God/Deity Sword.

[4] Bring it on, can be used here too

[5] 星王(スター) Seiou/Seioh (Sutā). Star/Stellar Ruler/King/Lord/Sovereign.

[6] 負けず嫌いな野郎 Makezugiraina yarou. Can also mean Guy calling Rudra a sore loser.

[7] 魔素増殖炉 Maso/Mamoto Zoushokuro. Magic Essence Propagation/Breeder Reactor/Furnace/Generator. A breeder reactor is a nuclear reactor that generates more fissile material (Materials for sustaining fission reaction) than it consumes. In this case, Milim’s skill is a reactor that consumes her anger and magic essences but turned into even more power/energy/magic essences. I'm not a nuclear physicist or any kind... orz

[8] Kanji used here is 還元 Kangen which refer to Reduction (Chemical reaction) can also mean Restoration.

[9] A remainder, energy and magic essence quantity/amount refer to the same thing. 魔素量(エネルギー) Masoryou (Enerugī).

[10] 竜皇女 Ryuu Koujo. Dragon Imperial Princess/Imperial Dragon Princess. 皇女 is like 王女(Oujo) just the first one use the kanji for emperor. Do you guys want to add the Imperial?





Chapter 242: Final Decisive Battle - Part 3


A tremendous impact coursed through Velda’s hand that stopped Milim’s extremely fast sword.

The strength behind the attack was beyond Velda’s expectation and he failed to parry it. The proof of the power was that the Snake Sword used by Velda got destroyed.

When he saw the broken sword in his hand, agitation was shown for the first time on Velda’s expression.

It then became anger.

「Geez, you’re really going to bother me till the end……」

While annoyed, Velda threw surges of anger towards Milim. However, Milim calmly parried that anger. On the contrary, Milim began to pursue Velda who wore an expression that said: “How unpleasant”.

Milim was unconcerned about whatever her opponent was thinking and continuously attacked Velda with strong intentions to crush him.

Her speed increased intensely with every sword stroke and began catching up with Velda’s movement.

Velda was dodging Milim’s slashes, but he gradually lost his calm.

As one would expect, not even Velda could endure Milim’s attacks unarmed.

「How vexing!」

Velda put his hands together and shouted「Divine Sword Creation[1]」.

The space between Velda’s hands shone and a sword was created.

Divine Sword “Abyss[2]”―― it ranked the lowest amongst Divine Swords and Demonic Swords, but it was still a full-fledged God Class Weapon.

Velda could create a God Class armament with his own ability.

And then, the sword dance began.

A disconnected space that would cut anything that came into contact with its circumference was formed due to Velda and Milim’s sword fight.

Milim had finally set foot into the same domain as Velda.

Milim cornered Velda inside the deadly space just for the two of them without room for anyone to interfere, where they put all they got into their deadly sword that would break each other’s『Barrier』with one blow.

While on the other hand, Velda――he felt the signs of his plan collapsing while taking on Milim’s pure will.

He had lost the superiority in war potentials and had now been cornered.

Although he couldn’t kill Milim whom is his capture target, Milim’s greatly increased strength made it hard for Velda to go easy on her.

It didn’t mean Velda was out of options, but his pride hindered him from carrying them out.

However, it seemed it wasn’t the time to say that stuffs with how things turned out now.

Even now, the pressure transmitted from the fierce sword exchanges was increasing even further.

Just like piercing through the gaps of his focus, Milim’s kick hit Velda’s stomach.

(――how troublesome)

Velda changed his thoughts as if throwing them away.

Milim was absolutely necessary for Velda’s goal thus he couldn’t kill her.

Having said that, there was a risk that Milim would eventually gain enough strength to match his if he kept fighting like this.

Moreover……

Whether they were preparing for an unforeseen situation or not, the two True Dragon sisters were glaring at the battlefield. Velzard’s support of Milim earlier was also annoying.

His attacks to disempower them couldn’t completely breakthrough Velzard and Milim’s defenses.

When he glanced to see the battlefield’s current situation, Guy and Rudra were fighting on equal terms.

Damrada and Kondou seemed to be overpowered, meaning that at this rate their defeat was only a matter of time.

(――I guess it’s time. The fight with all of the war potentials has been exhausted, the Great Heaven-Monster War is over.)

As Kagurazaka Yuuki[3]’s last wish, Velda had completely carried out the Great Heaven-Monster War.

He was at a disadvantage in the game, but the result wasn’t out yet.

That’s why Velda came to a decision.

He would unleash all of his power and achieve his goal all at once.

　　　　　　◆◆◆

Diablo calmly took a stance and observed Damrada.

Just with reproduced memories, Damrada could freely use the same techniques (arts) as when he was alive.

It seemed his energy had greatly increased and his Ultimate Gift was reproduced as well.

Even with simple calculations, it could be sensed that his energy was almost twice of Diablo’s.

(Kufufufu, wonderful. He’s perfect as an opponent.)

Diablo was grateful for his good luck.

He devoted himself to train every day to be of use to Rimuru, his master.

Developing a new type of magic or training their combat techniques (arts), such things were what everyone was doing if they were Rimuru’s subordinates.

However, Diablo was different.

He just accompanied Rimuru whom developed new techniques with a flash of inspiration.

However, that wasn’t something that anyone could do. That was because the terrifying power of the new techniques could greatly affect someone even when holding back after all.

Diablo was one of the few people who could participate in such experiments calmly.

Then, while he was accompanying Rimuru in such recklessness, he realized that his magic theory[4] was more refined than before and his strength changed.

Yes―― Someone’s strength wasn’t determined just by the magnitude of their energy.

How it was used is more important.

The most important thing is to eliminate wasteful usage and bring forth the greatest effect even when using a small amount of energy.

It would be a different story if someone had『Magic Power Generator』 which could amplify magic essence endlessly like Milim, but thinking with an out of norm being like her as the base was wrong.

That’s why Damrada was a perfect opponent for Diablo.

From Diablo’s judgment, if he fought both Damrada and Kondou at the same time, his winning percentage was about a bit over 50%.

He could risk his life and put everything he had to see the path to victory by any means.

Unfortunately, he couldn’t carry out Rimuru’s order with that method. That would be pointless.

However, such worries were also unnecessary as Diablo expected.

Veldora and the others had arrived with perfect timing.

(As expected of Rimuru-sama.)

Diablo was satisfied and observed Damrada.

He would be at a disadvantage if he fought both Damrada and Kondou, but if it was just Damrada alone, the story would turn out differently.

Damrada’s energy was nearly twice of his and his combat skills surpassed Ultima.

However, there was no problem at all.

Diablo is a demon, melee combat was no more than mere child’s play for him.

Magic is the basic combat technique for a demon which is a spiritual life-form.

Now that Diablo obtained an Ultimate Skill, his magic has shown further growth.

Even the size of energy is no longer a problem, he could circulate his energy with the highest efficiency to control the consumption―― he produced a fully harmonized effect.

That could also be applied to melee combat techniques.

Diablo parried Damrada’s masterful attacks while supporting his own body by activating partial strengthening.

He compensated for the big difference in energy by offsetting the power and technique behind Damrada’s fists and kicks with his fists and kicks which were strengthened with magic.

That was the completed Magic Melee Combat Technique[5] which combined magic and techniques.

Testarossa and the others were speechless while looking at the combat techniques which were probably based on a new theory.

Even the recovering Ultima was amazed and watched the fight between Damrada and Diablo with intense concentration.

For this reason, Diablo decided to show what he could really do.

「I enjoyed this fight very much. You were perfect as a training partner, but let’s end this soon. I shall show you what I can really do as my thanks for hurting Testarossa and the others.」

Diablo declared the end of the match and refined his magic power to the maximum with ultrafast magic power excitation[6].

Diablo’s energy broke free of its maximum value immediately. He had drawn an equivalent amount of energy to his maximum energy out from Rimuru’s『Nihility Collapse』. Besides that, he absorbed the surroundings’ particles and instantaneously reinforced his body. He reconstructed a strong body that could withstand handling a high amount of energy by taking in the matter from his surroundings.

That was completed in a blink of an eye.

Without any time lag, Diablo transformed into his combat form.

And that was Diablo’s Ultimate Form.

While wearing a cool smile, Diablo dealt with Damrada’s kicks.

Unlike earlier, Diablo easily stopped Damrada’s full powered kicks with one hand.

The reason was simple and clear.

His energy had doubled and it became possible for him to bring out the same strength as Damrada.

However, considering they fought each other evenly when Diablo was at half of his energy, it could be said that the outcome was already clear as day.

「As a human, you were a wonderful expert. If you still had your soul, it might become a more interesting fight. However, that’s nothing more than a ‘what if’ situation. The result won’t change――」

Diablo completely overpowered and crushed all of Damrada’s attacks.

Damrada just indifferently repeated his attacks without emotion.

But, Diablo had read him thoroughly and lost interest in this fight.

「Let’s end this now―― Celestial End[7]!!」

An annular magic circle[8] completely covered up the surface of Damrada’s body.

Without any words.

Without any fear.

Without any grief.

Damrada just quietly became light particles and disappeared.

Then, all of the particles were absorbed into Diablo through the annular magic circle.

At the same time as Damrada disappeared, Diablo released his combat form.

Although he used it composedly, the burden of magic power excitation wasn’t low.

Above all else, Diablo poured the collected energy flowing out from Damrada into『Temptation World』he created. Although he intended to absorb the energy with different quality slowly, handling the energy of『Nihility Collapse』he borrowed from Rimuru at the same time was beyond the tolerable capacities even for Diablo.

In contrast with End of World’s main purpose of large-scale destruction, Celestial End’s main purpose is to convert the target into energy and absorb it.

If you considered the power, End of World was higher, but Celestial End was better as an anti-individual attack.

「Diablo, you――」

Testarossa called out Diablo.

「Kufu, kufufufufu. As expected, I was too greedy to steal the energy…… I’m not good enough….. It seems I’m far behind Rimuru-sama…...」

「What was that technique just now? It looked like magic, but――」

「That’s right. It’s the fusion of Ultimate Skill and magic and its evolutionary series. I learned it while cooperating with Rimuru-sama who had developed it for fun. Because it’s still an incomplete technique, a stable usage is still difficult.」

「That’s not fair, it’s just you who……」

「Kufufufufu, that’s the perks of it.」

Diablo bragged to the bitter Testarossa.

After all, this new technique style was a magic theory created in joint development with Rimuru who Diablo admired.

Although, to be precise, it was Ciel not Rimuru, but that wasn’t things Diablo was concerned with.

「Well, I shall teach you guys once this magic theory is completed.」

In the end, Testarossa and the other two’s pursuit didn’t end until Diablo promised so.

　　　　　　◆◆◆

Veldora was fighting against Kondou.

Velda had said Kondou and Damrada's energy were comparable to 10 awakened demon lords, but the energy didn’t actually reach that number.

From Veldora’s calculation, the power was no more than half of that.

Moreover, the quality of his Ultimate Skill seemed to have degraded, as such, Kondou couldn’t execute attacks as he imagined.

He was also given an Ultimate Gift like Damrada, but that was no more than a mass produced type of pseudo Ultimate Skill. Its crude performance couldn’t be compared with the Ultimate Skill created by Kondou’s soul.

This was the reason why Carrera, whose energy should be overwhelmingly smaller, succeeded in nullifying Kondou’s bullets.

「Tch, this doesn’t work either, huh?」

Kondou clicked his tongue while trying to shoot energy bullets.

As the result of calmly analyzing the combat, Kondou understood that he couldn’t win.

If that were the case, he had no other choice but to fight with the full extent of his power in order to accomplish Velda’s order.

In contrast, Veldora still had strength to spare.

「Kuahahahaa! You seemed to have quite a wonderful personality, but in the end, you’re just a temporary one. It’s reasonable that you are unable to demonstrate your original strength with an imitation Ultimate Gift rather than the Ultimate Skill born from your soul!」

Veldora told Kondou while laughing.

Kondou’s strength was genuine, but his current body was a temporary one. Not to mention, he wasn’t worth considering as he had no soul.

That’s why Veldora did various things such as observation, gathering information and so on

Kondou was a soulless doll given a temporary ego. Even so, he inherited his original self’s advanced combat techniques (arts) and used his Ultimate Skill even though it was a degraded version of it.

Although the concept was different to the pseudo core Rimuru made, it was a very interesting mechanism.

(Fuufuufu, If I were to analyze this mechanism and teach it to Rimuru, he will certainly be grateful to me! As Ramiris’ Shishou, it will be fun to research it together. I’d like to have at least one sample, well――)

As were his thoughts as he ignored the fight.

So, when Diablo easily ended Damrada, Veldora kept fighting Kondou without killing him.

(Hmmm!? That Diablo, it seems he has ended it quickly. Then, if I don’t end this too, the fact that I’m loafing around will get exposed.)[9]

Veldora lightheartedly thought so, but that judgment was a bit too late.

「…… I see. Then, as expected, there’s only one way I shall take ――」

Kondou decided without hesitation and executed it.

Veldora was powerful, and he had realized that he couldn’t win even before fighting.

For him to be able to deal a blow to Veldora’s main body before him while he was still alive was the result of multiple strokes of good luck……

That’s why Kondou faithfully carried out the order.

「――Overdrive[10]」

In other words, it was a self-destruction.

　　　　　　◆◆◆

Velda confirmed that Kondou entered self-destruct mode and muttered「That will do」.

He looked around and smirked.

「What’s so funny!?」

Milim’s sword approached Velda, but it was easily parried by Velda’s Divine Sword “Abyss”.

Velda’s skill had reached a terrifying level to the extent that he could fight several people even with the inferior Snake Sword. Now that the superiority in weapons was gone, Milim couldn’t reach Velda even though her strength had increased.

And, Chloe was also unable to demonstrate her true strength.

There was one reason.

It was because she felt an uncomfortable feeling with Velda’s abilities.

Chloe always acted carefully. She wouldn’t take action like fighting with all her strength so that she could respond in any way depending on the situation.

Her basic style was to fight while using Future Foresight[11] of Ultimate Skill『Time-Space God Yog-Sothoth』.

However, Chloe was unable to recall future memories right now. That meant that even if something were to happen, she couldn’t escape to the past.

(Is there a barrier that impedes certain abilities in the heaven? Or, is it Velda’s inherent skill?)

She verified that the other abilities could be activated without any problem and presumed that it was probably a skill that interfered with movement between space-time.

In other words, it meant that she couldn’t escape from this space with Transfer. Perhaps the only way to get in and out was by passing through the gate.

The angels who were spiritual life-form might have been able to return directly after registering the heaven as their base. However, the intruders couldn’t escape.

(I wonder―― is this some kind of trap to make us unable to escape?)

When Chloe thought so, Velda opened his mouth as if answering that.

「Hahahahaha! As expected of the pinnacle beings of this world. For you guys to oppose me this far. All right, I suppose I have to show you what I can really do soon. However――」

Kondou turned into light particles and became a small round orb.

The light particles were converging towards the center and suddenly reversed.

A small sun appeared in the heaven due to the rampage of super-high dense energy accompanied with intense lights.

「Uohhh!!」

Veldora fully released his magic power to suppress the sun and barely maintained its state just before it exploded.

However, Veldora’s complexion worsened as he suppressed the sun and felt the pressure increasing steadily.

「However―― I shall be the opponent for those who survive this explosion.」

Saying so, Velda embraced Milim forcibly.

「Mnnn, what are you trying to do!」

Milim struggled while shouting, but the jet black chains that came out from Velda’s left hand twined around and sealed her movement.

Dark Nebula[12]――the chains made with dark matter that absorbs all energy.

Even this explosion, even Milim’s raging power, was not enough to destroy these chains. It was God’s Chains that was more powerful than Gleipnir, which succeeded in sealing Dagruel in the past.

With these chains, Milim and Velda would be completely protected from the explosion. However, the other people would be exposed to a direct hit from the explosion. A raging explosion of energy equivalent to 10 awakened demon lords would spread a transcendental destruction which surpassed “True Dragons” even though just for a moment.

Since it was destruction by sheer force, energy greater than it was needed in order to defend against it.

「You fool! If only you ended it immediately――」

Velzard angrily moved.

Before the power suppressed by Velda was unleashed, she intended to cooperate to put it out.

The other people also tried to move at the same time, but――

「Don’t misunderstand my words, okay? The explosion I mentioned is the one I’ll start up over here. Rudra, I wonder why you could defy me, but that doesn’t matter anymore. I wanted to investigate the cause, but you have your work anyway.」

Saying so, Velda looked at Rudra while sprouting a wicked smile.

「It can’t be――you bastard!!」

Guy shouted.

He ignored Rudra and tried to go towards Velda, but he was too late.

「Good bye, Rudra. Star Breaker[13], activate!!」

At that moment, everyone was still as if time had stopped.

Even the explosion from Kondou’s self-destruction was expected to be strong enough to inflict a massive damage even to “True Dragons. If supposedly energy of a “True Dragon” class was to break through its limits and explode…… It was predicted to produce a tremendous destruction beyond imagination.

Moreover, the skill and magic of transfer series were sealed off in this heaven, there was no escape.

Guy, Velgrind, and Chloe, the three of them surrounded Rudra simultaneously. Velzard, who was heading towards Veldora, also turned towards Velda after seeing the demons moving to support Veldora.

And the four people desperately began to offset the energy, but the process leading to the explosion was faster――

「Rudra……」

「Damn it, things turned out like this…… I guess it can’t be helped, Guy. It seems I can’t settle my score with you……」

Rudra helplessly laughed.

And then he muttered quietly「Please survive――」.

Immediately after, Rudra was engulfed in intense lights――

「Veldora, I leave that one to you! Don’t fail, okay!?」

「Kuaaaahahahaha! Of course. If I fail here, I will be killed by my sisters!」

While Veldora’s carefree laughter echoed, a girl appeared among the four people who surrounded Rudra.

「Eh, Sensei――!?」

When Chloe opened her eyes wide in surprise, the energy that should have exploded was subsided into a small round orb on the girl’s palm.

And then the girl broadly grinned and smiled,

「Yo, sorry to keep you guys waiting!」[14]

So, she boldly declared.

* * *

[1] 神剣創造 Shinken Souzou.

[2] 深淵(アビス) Shin’en (Abisu). Both mean the same thing.

[3] 創造主(ユウキ カグラザカ) Souzoushu (Yuuki Kagurazaka). Written as Creator, read as Yuuki Kagurazaka. I prefer Japanese order name btw XD.

[4] 魔法理論 Mahou Riron. You could say his understanding of magic.

[5] 魔法格闘術 Mahou Kakutou Jutsu. Magic Hand-to-Hand Combat Technique.

[6] 超高速魔力励起 Choukousoku Maryoku Reiki.

[7] 星天円環滅覇(セレスティアルエンド) Seiten Enkan Meppa (Seresutiaru Endo). Celestial Ring of Supreme Annihilation.

[8] 円環魔法陣 Enkan Mahoujin. A ring-shaped magic circle/formation.

[9] ED Note: Veldora's new nickname: The Tsundere King of Screw-ups!

Guro: Tsundora still the best.

[10] 自己暴走爆覇(オーバードライブ) Jiko Bousou Bakuha (Ōbādoraibu). Self-Rampage Supreme Explosion.

[11] 未来予知 Mirai Yochi. Future Prediction/Premonition.

[12] 暗黒星雲縛(ダークネビュラ) Ankokuseiun Shiba (Dāku Nebyura). Dark Nebula Shackles.

[13] 星光爆覇(スターブレイカー) Seikō Bakuha (Sutā Bureikā). Starlight Supreme Explosion.

[14] ED Note: Veldora could learn a thing or two from Rimuru's timing.

P.S. Rimuru is referred with female noun (Shoujo).

Also should I just left it as Tenma?





Chapter 243: Final Decisive Battle - Part 4


I ate the mass of energy in my hand with『Soul Consumption[1]』, then stealthily poured and isolated it into my『Imaginary Space』.

It seemed that I had appeared as if I were aiming for the right timing, but obviously, I didn’t.

It was a coincidence.

Even though it might not appear so, I was actually busy with various things.

………

……

…

Since things inside the labyrinth had settled down, I thought that I would also be going to subjugate Velda, but…… For some reason, my energy wasn’t recovering. No, I felt that my energy had decreased rather than increase after the recovery.

I thought it would be risky to challenge Velda like that, so I decided to recover my energy first.

As there were a large number of angels in the sky, I decided to kill and eat them.

It could be said that Kumara had great timing as she returned with Transfer just at the right moment and so we commenced a simultaneous attack.

As the labyrinth army was superior, we were overwhelming in the fight.

Firstly, the subordinates of Kumara’s pets attacked all at once from the surroundings.

As a result, the angel army, which was aiming at the labyrinth’s entrance, fell into disorder and a big gap was made.

The labyrinth army sortied as if not to miss the timing.

After that it became a one-sided fight.

It seemed that it was difficult for the angels, who all united under one Will and turned into a powerful converging fort to deal with attacks from all directions.

The commander seemed to be quite capable, as the angels were shown to be able to denominate into corps and switch to intercepting incoming attacks, but the stumble at the beginning was fatal.

However, there is a problem before that, the differences in an individual’s fighting power was too large.

If I might say so myself, everyone from the labyrinth army was strong.

Among them, Kumara, the four dragon kings, Apito, Trainee-san and her sisters were extraordinary.

Kumara rampaged as if to relieve her stress.

She tore and cut the angels freely with slashing attacks using her tails, with the eight pets spread out to defend her. There was no such thing as letting the enemies live.

From what I saw, the dragon kings were in high spirit.

They used powerful breath and grand magic in their dragon form.

Not only with her individual’s fighting strength, but Apito also commanded her subordinates like her limbs and annihilated the enemies.

There was no other word except brilliant.

They trampled over the enemy with the momentum of one sting one kill through their perfect coordination.

Fused with various spirits, the dryad sisters were strengthened to former demon lord level.

And, the worst case was Trainee-san which had energy comparable to an awakened demon lord.

It seemed that Trainee-san had fused with a Spirit King.

She fired extreme magic with tremendous power in a rapid succession.

Just like that, in a short period of time, the outcome was clear to anyone.

I was also worried at first, but halfway through the fight, I watched while enjoying a cup of black tea.[2]

Well, after all….

No matter how you looked at it, our side’s fighting power was too excessive; any losing factors couldn’t be found.

As expected of the high-ranking war potentials stationed on the 70th floor and below inside the labyrinth. Because they usually couldn’t play an active role, their rampaging appearances when given the opportunity to do so was incredible.

While looking at their appearances, I absentmindedly ended up thinking that it might be impossible to capture the labyrinth even with an army of a large country’s size, but I will keep that was a secret.

Besides of their achievements of repelling the Empire Army, naturally, everyone had become stronger from that time, but……

Once things calmed down, it would be better for me to discuss the adjustment of the labyrinth difficulty.

No matter how you thought about it, it was very unlikely for humans to be able to capture it.

About the battle, when our victory was certain and only the enemy general was left ――

「Ah, Mai-san……」

So Shinji, who had become Ramiris’ subordinate, muttered.

It seemed the enemy’s commander was an acquaintance of his, I heard stories not just from Shinji but also from Mark and Zhen.

The name of the enemy’s commander was Furuki Mai.

She obviously had the energy of an awakened demon lord class and ruled over the angels. However, she was originally a bit stronger than the three of them.

「Was she really just a bit stronger?」

So I strongly asked them,

「Er, umm…… a bit, no, quite……?」

「Well, I have never won against her, but…..」

「……She was absurdly strong.」

「Mai’s ability was the Unique Skill『Traveller[3]』. It’s an absurdly strong cheat ability that allows her to use teleportation[4] to places she had visited once. The combination of her skill and her long-range weapon was ruthless.」

So, the three of them answered evasively.

It seemed that the trio had never won even when together.

From Shinji’s last explanation, it was very unlikely for normal people to win against that skill.

After all, even for me to do teleportation without time lag was impossible unless I combined several abilities.

It was natural that the trio couldn’t win.

She was an ordinary quiet girl and a high school student in Japan.

As one of Yuuki’s henchman, she had adored Yuuki before he became Velda.

「She was very serious. Also, she seemed to believe in Yuuki’s words that he will finalize the『Repatriation Spell[5]』.」

I was told that she seemed to be worried about her younger brother that she had left on the other side and is constantly researching for a way to cross between worlds.

She was like that, but her Unique Skill『Traveller』was restricted to this world and it seemed that she was unable to go to the other world.

However, if she combined her Unique Skill『Traveller』and Yuuki’s『Summoner』, it seemed that crossing to another world wouldn’t be just a dream.

She believed that and cooperated with Yuuki for all this time.

Once I understood that, Shinji opened his mouth as if to say something but then closed it.

Apparently, he had something he wanted to say.

“Hm?” So I thought and called him out.

「What? Is there something you want to say?」

「Ah, well…… you see……」

Was it something really hard for him to say? He stopped speaking halfway through.

「Hey, that’s impossible as expected……」

「…… I also think that’s not good.」

The other two stopped Shinji.

I didn’t know what he wanted to say, but I gradually became curious about it.

「Ah, I’m sorry. Please forget about it――」

「Oh, geez! Can’t you just say it!!」

Because Shinji was hesitating to say it and tried to swallow his words, I decided to forcibly get him to talk.

Then, what he wanted to say was simple.

It was “Please, I want you to save Furuki Mai”.

It seemed they were on good terms among Otherworlders because they came from the same country.

「Sorry, it’s just my selfishness. I do understand that I’m asking for the impossible with it, but――」

Shinji remorsefully apologized.

Well, I was the one who asked him though.

「Wai, wait a moment, Shinji! Even Rimuru can’t do anything about it…… It will incite antipathy from everyone and he will not able to keep his dignity as a Demon Lord……」

When her subordinate started to say something outrageous, Ramiris came panicking to mediate the matter.

Well, I wonder. I thought it wasn’t something to be flustered about to that extent.

After all, I was quite selfish myself.

But, we already knew that, right……

「Hahaha, Ramiris-sama. Our loyalty will not waver by such a thing.」

「That’s right. In the first place, if we cared about such a thing, we would have massacred every hostile. However, that’s not the case, right? That lazy demon lord over there was an enemy we fought until just a little while ago.」

Benimaru broad-mindedly denied Ramiris’ concern and Shuna affirmed Benimaru’s words while looking down at Dino with eyes as if she was looking at trash. (Ed. note: Shuna is scary!)

It seemed even Dino felt uncomfortable with that gaze so he stopped lying down on the sofa and seated himself on a chair. And then, he nonchalantly nodded.

「Oh well, Rimuru wouldn’t mind about such a thing.」

So, he tried to settle it with good vibes but got his head whacked with a tray by Shuna.

It kind of felt like: “You’re not someone who can say that.”, so he reaped what he sowed.

「So, what will you do, Rimuru-sama? Should I order them not to kill her for the time being?」

Benimaru asked me.

Shinji and his group looked with hopeful eyes at me.

There might be no need to discuss it since things had reached this point.

If they were my companions, then they would know my answer even if I didn’t say it.

「Rest assured, Shinji. If she swears not to be hostile towards me, I will save her.」

「Really!?」

「Yes. However, it’s only if she’s not hostile, okay?」

「If so, then no problem. Thank you very much!」

「「Thank you very much!!」」

When I accepted the request, not only Shinji, but Mark and Zhen also said their gratitude.

I wished that they would have said it after I saved Mai.

「As expected of Rimuru! That’s the spirit.」

Ramiris smacked my back while smiling from ear to ear.

What a cheeky fellow.

So I made a promise without due consideration as usual and went outside of the labyrinth to stop Mai.

　　　　◇◇◇

Well, now.

I left the rest of the things to Benimaru and flew towards the sky.

I ordered Diablo who was accompanying me to go ahead.

「Kufufufu, leave it to me. I shall buy time until Rimuru-sama arrives!」

「Yea, I leave it to you. It seems that the heaven gate has been destroyed, but as expected those three wouldn’t be able to defeat Velda after all.」

「Looks like it, this presence is indeed frightening―― I will have to hurry a little.」

Saying so, Diablo transferred and went ahead.

If it was the current Diablo, he would be able to buy some time until I arrived.

I was a bit worried, but I decided to leave it to him.

Either way, it was necessary to buy some more time.

Since my energy was still recovering, I had to absorb a large amount of energy from the defeated angels.

I thought that it would fine if I were to persuade Mai while absorbing the energy.

However, that thinking was naïve.

When I held up my hand and tried to absorb the energy with『Soul Consumption』, the energy quickly transferred and disappeared.

It seemed that the angels were set to return automatically to heaven when they got defeated.

Because it can’t be helped, I gave up on eating the angels and went towards Mai’s position.

Mai was actually strong.

Even though they were fighting as not to kill her as Benimaru instructed, it seemed that no one could touch her.

Trainee-san didn’t participate in the fight, but the dragon kings were no match against her.

That alone was incredible, but it was a surprise that even Apito was being toyed with by Mai.

As expected from someone who had mastered『Teleportation』.

Incredible.

Without losing her spirit even though the angels were annihilated, Mai calmly continued fighting.

She probably had an indomitable spirit. I could understand why Shinji and the others fell in love with her.

Although normally someone would fall into despair in a situation like that, she was still fighting while believing she could win.

Judging from what I saw so far, Teleportation was really troublesome.

Even though Apito was superior in terms of speed, Mai dodged all of Apito’s attacks.

I guess there was no chance of victory for Apito here.

However, Kumara would definitely win against Mai.

But, this time I would be her opponent.

If it was Kumara, she would win, but she would definitely end up killing Mai.

「It has been a while, Rimuru-sama.」

Kumara who noticed me came flying and behaved like a spoiled child.

She’s cute, but currently it wasn’t the time for it.

「Kumara, go deal with the remnants of the angels.」

「Understood!」

Kumara obediently obeyed my order.

It seemed that she was able to relieve some stress with a bit of rampaging around.

Apito, who was fighting against Mai, also noticed my presence and stopped her fight to yield the fight to me.

「My strength was still not enough. I wanted to neutralize her without troubling Rimuru-sama, but……」

Apito frustratingly bowed.

「Don’t worry about it. Even if you assess things just from an energy standpoint, your opponent has more than twice of yours. If you think of it that way, you’re incredible, you know.」

I said so and comforted her.

Apito also joined Kumara, both of them left to deal with the remnants of the angels.

All that's left was for me to persuade Mai.

　　　　◇◇◇

I and Mai faced each other.

Mai readied her bow and glared at me while breathing heavily.

“I see”, she was a beautiful girl.

Her aura was like Shuna’s.

She had a beautiful black hair like a Japanese doll[6] and sharp facial expression.

She retained her dignified appearance and posture even though fatigue should have accumulated.

Her posture was of a lovely, beautiful girl.

However, there were some points to be worried about.

The veins on her limbs were bulging and torn apart here and there making her bleed.

Blood?

《It seems that she incarnated as an angel with a still living body. She probably fused with a seraph without reconstructing her body. It seems her body has begun to collapse as it can’t withstand the energy.》

Ciel answered my question.

There was a limit for a human’s living flesh to accept the tremendous amount of energy of a Spiritual life-form such as Demon and Angel. Not to mention, if it was with the highest ranking angel (Seraphim), they couldn’t endure it unless it was with an awakened and carefully trained body of God-man class[7].

If this girl named Furuki Mai was able to control the seraphim’s power while still in a living flesh―― I couldn’t help but to say that she has a tremendous willpower.

「Nice to meet you, I am Rimuru.」

「――I see, it’s you. My name is Furuki Mai. I don’t have any grudge against you, but I will have you die for Yuuki-kun.」

「Yuuki is already gone, you know? He’s not Yuuki now, he should be calling himself as Velda, though?」

Although her expression moved just for an instant to my question, Mai immediately regained her calmness.

「It doesn’t matter, because I believe in Yuuki-kun. If I defeat you, I can do my research in peace. I have to go back home no matter what it takes. I know that this is for my own egoism, but still, I have to defeat you――」

Saying so, Mai aimed her bow towards me without hesitation.

She should have realized the collapse of her limbs, but Mai stared at me without breaking her concentration even once.

She should have understood that she couldn’t win, but panic couldn’t be seen in her eyes.

“Remarkable”, so I honestly thought.

Mai was quite philosophical for her age.

For one purpose, she threw away all of her hesitations……

Perhaps, she just runs through the path she believes as her only option.

「Although I’ve heard about it once, why do you want to go back?」

「Why, you ask? You ask something strange. Do you think I’m not worried about my family I left behind? Do you think we have to obediently obey orders even though we were summoned to this world without our permission? We’re not treated as a human being and only are seen as a weapon…… It won’t hurt my heart even if such a world was destroyed. I want to return home, that’s all.」

The other Otherwolders quickly abandoned their homesickness, but Mai kept on holding onto it all this time without giving up.

If you think about it, that might be reasonable.

I gave up on it because I died, but that wasn’t the case for the summoned people.

Shinji and his group seemed to have given up easily, but that didn’t mean they had no regrets.

If they could go back, they wanted to go back, there’s probably a lot of people like that.

However, such magic didn’t exist and there was no precedent of it too.

Because every one of them could easily understand such reality, they just promptly gave up.

Mai didn’t give up because of her strong willpower, and she never lost hope because of her skill.

Therefore, I had no other choice but to inform her of the cruel truth.

「That’s impossible for now. Even if someone can come from the other side to this side, a way to go from this side to the other side has not been found yet.」

「I know that! While that may be true, I can’t give up!! Besides, Yuuki-kun will surely find a way to go back. Therefore, I will not give up!」

Mai shouted and fired an arrow

However, it was futile.

I erased the arrow and continued talking.

「Like I said, Yuuki is gone, you know. Velda and Yuuki are different people. Besides……I think the one who summoned you is probably Yuuki too.」

Mai’s movement stopped when she heard my words.

And then, she shook her as if she didn’t want to accept that.

「Shut up! I’ll have to stop you from confusing me. Stardust Rain[8]!!」

She flew up to the corner of my sight and fired her strongest technique while glaring at me.

However, it was futile.

Because any emission type techniques wouldn’t work on me after all.

I sucked all of the arrows into『Imaginary Space』.

Thus, that was the curtain call.

「It, it can’t be――」

Mai dropped her bow in despair.

At last, she noticed the overwhelming difference in strength between herself and me.

「Listen, I don’t have any intention to kill you.」

「……Why……is that?」

「I was asked by Shinji and the others to save you. If they didn’t, I wouldn’t have bothered to go out because it’s cumbersome.」

「Could it be…..!? They were alive, Shinji-kun and the others――」

It seemed Mai receive quite a shock when she heard my words.

Well actually, if I could show the difference in strength like this, she could understand that my words weren’t a lie.

There was no need for me to come out, as it was true that Kumara was stronger than Mai.

「Besides, certainly that it’s impossible to cross over between the worlds. But, you see, that’s just for the time being.」

「――Huh?」

「In the future, depending on the research, it might be possible to find a passage to another world, don’t you think? “Souls are circulating back and forth, aren't they?” such is my partner (Ciel)’s reasoning, I think the possibility isn’t zero, you know?」

「Is that... true…..?」

「At least it will be more reliable than leaving it to Yuuki. You can research it yourself, after all.」

When I stated so, Mai stared at me with eyes full of surprise.

Did she also receive a shock because I told her that she should do the research herself instead of leaving it to others?

「…… Even so…… I... can’t go back anymore. I accepted this power, I ended up accepting it. I believed in the small possibility that I can warp with the tremendous amount of energy…… the result was a failure. My body is starting to collapse as it can’t endure the angel’s power. The only way left is to believe in Yuuki-kun――」

Ahh, she noticed it, didn’t she?.

Evolving『Traveller』with the seraphim’s power she got and did a dimensional warp. That was probably Mai’s aim. However, she failed to acquire the ability to warp between dimensions and was left with the only way which was to believe in Yuuki.

Thus, she was someone who got deceived by Yuuki from the start.

That means……

「Let me ask this just in case, did Yuuki say something like ”You may be able to go back, I think? There’s a possibility that your skill will evolve by fusing with an angel. However, the power is too strong and it might hurt you―― So, I don’t recommend it, but what will you do?” to you? Also, don’t tell me that you are fighting right now to return the favor to Yuuki?」

So, I said what I thought directly.

Mai’s reaction was dramatic; she opened her eyes wide and just stared at me without saying anything.

It seemed I hit the bullseye as that was probably similar to what Yuuki told her.

「Hey, hey…… As I expected. That’s a trickster’s modus operandi, you know――」

Offering an incredible offer and made the other party compliant to them, that was exactly an old trick used by a trickster.[9]

There was a catch behind the tempting offer and they wouldn’t encourage people to take the offer.

It looked like they were giving options to the other party, but the other party actually only had one option to take.

It was truly a shrewd trick.

「Now that you mention it……」

「Well, I think those who got deceived are at fault. From now on, you’d better not just relying on someone but also properly try to confirm things with your own thinking.」

I unintentionally ended up reprimanding Mai.

It had no persuasive power at all since that came from me who always leaves things to other people, but Mai didn’t know me well so she took my advice to heart.

Mai courageously held back her tears and frustratingly bit her lip.

「I understand what you're saying. There seems to be no point for me to be hostile to you. Either way, there is no chance for me to win…… You could say it as my last selfishness, but may I ask you to deal the final blow and put me at ease?」

Mai told me so and smiled fleetingly.

She probably lost the willpower to live as she had lost her hope.

「Like I said, search for the way to go back yourself. It’s too early to give up, don’t you think?」

「……But, I can’t hold much longer. My body’s collapse is――」

「Ah, I forgot.」

I said that and embraced Mai’s body.

And then, I thoroughly ate the seraphim that had fused with Mai’s body with『Soul Consumption』.

Seraphim had already been analyzed, so the work was completed instantly.

Unfortunately, I didn’t recover as much energy as I imagined, but I deemed things acceptable as I got to analyze『Traveller』without Mai’s permission.

Something like an unrestricted teleportation was an excellent super rare skill among Unique Skills. Even without my instruction, Ciel-sensei the Skill Mania[10] won’t be silent.

(How’s the analysis?)

《Completed successfully, acquired『Teleportation』from『Traveller』.》

Hmm? As expected of Ciel-sensei.

Mai also noticed that I had eaten the angel.

She lost the ability to fly and naturally held onto my arms.

「Ehh!? What happened!?」

As such, Mai got flustered and her face turned red.

「Apito!」

「Present――」

I called Apito and handed over Mai who was in my embrace to her.

「I don’t think that the collapse of your body can be healed with potions, but if it’s Shinji, he could heal it. You should ask him to get it healed.」

Mai was surprised and repeatedly opened and closed her mouth, but she looked at me as if she changed her mind.

Moreover, for some reason, she had an expression that showed “disappointment and unsatisfied”.

But, she was determined on something――

「Thank you very much! I will never forget this favor for as long as I live, and surely, I will find a way to go back!」

She declared that to me with a strong determination.

That would do.

As long as she had a goal in life, she would be free from despair.

I thought that it would be better for her to live straightforwardly towards her goal rather than having a grudge towards Yuuki.

I nodded back to Mai and sprouted a small smile.

“What is with her gullible personality that believes me so easily like this?” that was what I was worried about inside my mind, but some things are better left unsaid.

「Take her away」

「As you wish, my lord.」

Thus, I gave the order to Apito.

Apito respectfully bowed towards me and left to take Mai away.

Thus, the angel army that invaded the surface world was exterminated completely and our total victory was settled.

* * *

[1] 魂暴喰 Tamashii Boushoku. Boushoku (Lit. Violent Eating) can mean Gluttony, Engorge, Voracity. (Cause I didn’t think I left a footnote for it before)

[2] ED: Tip in war: enjoy black tea wherever, whenever.

[3] 旅行者(トラベラー) Ryokōsha (Toraberā). Same meaning in kanji and katakana.

[4] Reminder to self 瞬間移動 Shunkan’idou (Instantaneous Movement/Transfer) Teleportation is advanced version of 転移Ten'I (Transfer). No time lag at all, while normal transfer has some time lag.

[5] 送還術 Soukan Jutsu. Return Home Technique/Arts/Spell/Magic/Way/Method.

[6] Like this: https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-GriyzNA3clo/W8iyJEMm_ZI/AAAAAAAAAu0/4npr8waeYx8UlzgVSMAvKrgMGVhcHFc7ACK4BGAYYCw/s320/img_0.jpeg

[7] 神人級Shinjin-Kyū..

[8] 星屑の流星雨(スターダストレイン) Hoshikuzu no Ryuuseiu (Sutādasuto Rein). Stardust Meteor Shower/Rain.

[9] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Confidence_trick.

[10] スキルマニア Sukiru Mania. XD





Chapter 244: Final Decisive Battle - Part 5


So, I worked hard like that.

I hope that all of you would understand that I was never slacking off.

Velda was surprised by my appearance.

That was understandable.

After all, I appeared with『Teleportation』that I just got a while ago.

At the same time I acquired it, Ciel incorporated it into『Void God Azathoth』.

It seemed Mai could only go to places she had been to before, but that was her limit as a human. That couldn’t be helped since a human’s ability to grasp space heavily relied on their eyesight.

However, I could grasp a huge amount of spatial information, including with Observation Magic. That meant that I could teleport to places that I could recognize.

I could learn about the situation through Diablo and Veldora-san’s eyes now. That was the reason I could easily come to this place.

I looked at Velda who was wary of my arrival and showed him a fearless smile.

It was to provoke him.

With that, it would increase Velda’s wariness towards me. In that opportunity, I prepared myself in order to bring down Velda.

Before Velda rushed into action, I absorbed the energy I had suppressed.

I was fortunate that my energy recovery couldn’t catch up and steadily absorbed it into my『Imaginary Space』. In there, Ciel-san diligently converted it into energy I could use.

Thanks to that, I greatly recovered from my low energy state and it seemed to be enough to fight Velda.

I guess you would never know what could turn out to be a fortunate situation.

By the way, I found out the reason why my energy didn’t recover when I came to this place.

The culprit was probably Veldora-san.

I think he created『Clones』and rampaged around.

It seemed he could replenish his energy through the “Soul Corridor” from me, no mistake about that.

I thought so, but…...

When I confirmed that with Ciel while being amazed, I heard a surprising answer.

《That’s right. In addition, a bit of it is also flowing into Diablo and Benimaru. More energy was used than expected for Velgrind's Skill Evolution.》

She replied in a carefree way like “And so, what about it?”

Because she said it too smoothly, I was stuck on how to reply to that.

No, no, she used my energy without my permission though……

However, even if I wanted to complain, it was true that I was helped by the low energy state due to her doing.

There was a heap of stuff that I wanted to say, but I gave up complaining.

Or rather, perchance….. Even this situation was within Ciel-san’s expectations?

No, no, no, there’s no way. I might indeed just be overthinking it.

It couldn’t be, right?

There was no way she could predict things that far and predicted what kind of plan Velda would take either.

《I have confirmed the phenomenon of energy returning to Heaven[1] when the angels were defeated in various places.》

Yeah. I knew that.

《I have predicted that the most efficient way to use the energy of the angel gathered in the Heaven is to make all of the energy go berserk. Therefore, as the countermeasure for it, I have persisted your state of energy exhaustion.》

Well, you said it so easily, but…… that, wouldn’t that be a big problem if you misread things?

Moreover, Velda might absorb all of the energy and super-powered up[2] himself.

I couldn’t possibly fight Velda in an out of gas state like that, what were you going to do if the energy didn’t recover smoothly?

《He can’t do such things as super-power up. He wouldn’t be struggling if he could power up himself that easily. Well, even if he were to super-power up himself temporarily, there would be no problem. I don’t think that My Master would lose in low energy state, but just in case, it was possible to forcibly retrieve Veldora and Velgrind back to recover about 60% of the energy instantly. So, there’s no problem.》

Ah, I see.

She declared that super-strengthening was impossible, but what about me?

Am I an exception?

…… I felt Ciel-san had overestimated me too much.

Ciel-san is the “If she says she’ll do it, she’ll do it” type.

So, she generously distributed the energy at a fast pace.

Since Veldora-san and Velgrind were also recovering their own energy, certainly, it would be the best idea to have them cooperate with me in the worst case situation.

Whether I would get their approval or not would become the problem, but I felt relieved to know that such way was available.

I felt I got to see a glimpse of Ciel-san’s scary side, but my doubt was cleared.

What’s left was only to defeat Velda.

Also, before that……

I examined the orb remaining in my left hand.

When I finished absorbing all of the energy, it seemed only the core remained.

It resembled the pseudo-core I made, but the concept seemed to be quite different.

What’s this――

「Yo! I thought it was the end but I didn’t think that I will survive in this form, you know? Although I can’t really say that I’m “alive”. Hahahahaha!」

It talked!?

I stared at the orb in surprise.

Even though it had no vocal cords, it seemed to produce sounds by vibrating the magic essences. It was a very skilled orb.

「Rudra! You are safe……it doesn’t seem so, but you were safe?」

Although Velgrind found herself stuck for words, she still asked the orb.

Hmm…… This orb, is Rudra?

I felt his character was completely different from the Rudra I knew though…..

「Hah! Well, being tenacious is my forte after all!」

No, no. Even if you called yourself as tenacious, your status as an orb was hard to be said as alive.

At the moment I tried to do a carefree tsukkomi like that――

Velda instantly closed the distance and came to slash me.

However, I didn’t let my guard down even while talking, I kicked up the sword stuck in the ground, wielded it in my right hand, and I stopped Velda’s sword with it.

「Naïve! I don’t underestimate you that much that I will let my guard down in this final stage, you know!」

I didn’t want to compliment him, but it can’t be helped as it was true.

Velda was indubitably the strongest person as far as I knew.

Judging from a brief look just now, his power was rising tremendously. I felt Guy’s almightiness and Milim’s strength, and the energy of “True Dragon” level.

I also thought whether to attack him in the gap while he was wary of me, but stopping was the right decision. As expected, this guy wouldn’t let his guard down, so I had to deal with him carefully. Besides……I had just one concern.

Since there was such a concern, I couldn’t possibly do something such as letting my guard down.

I exchanged several blows with Velda and took some distance from him.

That just now wasn’t even a warm-up, it was just a playful greeting.

In the first place, I couldn’t get used to fighting using a sword that wasn’t mine as I expected. Or rather, this sword was an excellent weapon and obviously of God class too.

From pure performance, this sword was better than my katana.

Even so, I wouldn’t cheat because the katana I was familiar with was easier to be used.

「Hahaha, You’re not bad. You’re able to handle my sword. However, you still have lots more to work on. Unfortunately, you don’t seem to be my true vessel.」

The orb in my left hand proudly said such an evaluation.

Or rather, what are you?

Because of you, I was fighting Velda with just my right hand. Since the basic is to wield the sword with both hands, I was unfamiliar with fighting only using my right hand.

「What are you supposed to be? The Rudra I know was full of himself because he was an emperor, but you’re above him on that.」

「I see. I did become an emperor, heh? Well, I guess I must have gotten “mellowed out” if I stopped at the status of an emperor though.」[3]

「I don’t care about that stuff and not interested. Like I said, what the heck are you?」

I ignored the complaint of the orb that started to talk about itself and asked the most important thing.

I couldn’t leisurely fight Velda in front of me after all.

「That’s right! You are exactly like Rudra, but I can’t think that you’re just reproduced memories, you know?」

Reproduced memories?

Velgrind’s words piqued my interest.

《Apparently, this orb has the effect of reproducing a dead person’s memories. However, even if it can recreate a personality as close as the original, the soul is a different matter. It should be no more than a copy, but――》

Yeah, it couldn’t be said as reviving someone just by reproducing their memories.

What’s important for a soul is a heart.

「It’s certainly very interesting. The Memory Orb that I made can only reproduce memories. There’s no function such as recalling soul. If that was possible, there was no need for me to do troublesome stuff like this.」

Velda seemed to be interested in this phenomenon as well.

Because he was well informed of the stuff he created, Rudra acquiring freewill itself was impossible.

「Hahahahaahaahaahaa! It’s that, you know. I was super excellent, or something like that I guess.」

Let’s ignore the boastful voice that could be heard from my left hand.

Rudra certainly died.

That was for sure, but……

《――Talking about a possibility, reincarnation may be one of the causes.》

Reincarnation? What did you mean by that?

《Emperor Rudra had his soul torn apart due to repeated reincarnations. It’s possible that torn parts of the soul gathered together and became another soul. Neither an existing soul nor a temporary soul, it has a heart with a high degree of freedom.》

His soul was torn apart every time he reincarnated and gathered as one?

It’s a bad example for an analogy, but is it like the residues of an eraser lumped together to make a kneaded eraser[4], or something like that?

Treating a soul and an eraser as the same might be a problem though.

It wasn’t something you would normally think about, but I could hardly say that’s absolutely impossible.

After all, I got reincarnated as a slime which you would normally consider as impossible.

So, because there was a person with fragments of Rudra’s soul somewhere in this world that the Memory Orb embedded with the memories was able to reproduce Rudra’s will.

In that case――

I suddenly hit on a good idea. And then, I carried out the idea as ordered by my mischievous heart.

「Rimuru, what are you doing!?」

「Hahaa, this is interesting!」

Velgrind confusedly raised her voice.

Rudra felt it was interesting.

I didn’t really do anything great.

I just threw the sword to Velgrind.

I fused the Memory Orb in my left hand with the sword I held in right hand, though.

I embedded the Memory Orb into the base of the hilt of the God Class Sword like a conspicuous shining jewel. Since I fused it so it became one with the sword, the orb part would be as strong as the sword.

If there was really a reincarnated person who shared his soul, that person should be able to draw out Rudra’s abilities by holding the sword.

I made it that way so you could depend on it.

In order to enable him to have conversation with the owner, I had also asked Ciel-sensei to remake and changed Rudra into a pseudo-Manas.

Naturally, the information of the Memory Orb had been analyzed.

「I turned it into Intelligence Sword[5]. Because I fused Rudra’s will and the sword, from now on only someone with the same soul wavelengths as him can use the sword. In other words, the person who has the qualification to wield the sword will be the proof that the person is Rudra’s reincarnation. Interesting, right?」

“Don’t do things as you please!” I thought that she would get angry like that, but Velgrind only took the sword into her embrace and stared at me.

Rudra was laughing jovially.

「Hahahahaha! Is that so, there’s a possibility that I got reincarnated? I see that would explain why I got a free will! It’s certainly interesting.」

So he laughed happily.

Listening to Rudra’s words, Velgrind gave a nod as if to agree with him.

Velda was annoyed, but he glared at with an expression as if he was satisfied with something.

He thought about the reason why his own plan failed and admitted that my――or rather, Ciel’s――deduction was right, I guess.

While Velda’s attention was on the Intelligence Sword, I unsheathed my katana and took a stance.

With this, I could fight seriously.

「However, given that the Will of the super-excellent me remained a whole, I guess the person who might be my reincarnation now would surely be a cowardly fellow. I’m looking forward to our meeting.」

「Fufu, that might be so. The last thing left from Rudra at the end was only his charisma, not even his prided luck remained…… But conversely, that person might only inherit that luck. I want to meet that person if that person exists. Your reincarnation, a cowardly and lucky person――」

Velgrind nonchalantly said.

A cowardly and lucky person――? There was someone who matched that description, but it couldn’t be, right.

Although the person in question had no charisma, that person was compensated with incredible luck though……

I’m sure that the ability that person had is called『The Chosen One』――

It’s a coincidence. I’m sure it’s a coincidence.

I ignored Rudra and Velgrind’s conversation and abandoned any further thoughts.

Fate would decide their encounter and if that person was really Rudra’s reincarnation, they would eventually come across even if I didn’t say anything.

Besides, if my thoughts were right, that person probably wouldn’t be able to run from Velgrind.

Well, it didn’t matter to me.

I guess I did do some unnecessary things, but the rest was their problem

I irresponsibly decided that Rudra and the others’ matter would have nothing to do with me.

Like that, it seemed I had succeeded in buying time.

Velda was too wary of me and only attempted minor attacks.

I easily parried them and waited until the preparation was completed.

Then, finally――

「We did it, Rimuru! I and Gaia completely locked up the Heaven to another space!」

So I heard Ramiris’ shout.

「Alright, good job! With this, we blocked your escape!」

This time for sure, I showed a triumphant smile towards Velda.

It would be meaningless if we cornered him this far just for him to run away.

Therefore, I brought Ramiris and Gaia――”Earth Sovereign Dragon” Velgaia――to the Heaven and asked them to lock this place completely.

It was impossible for Ramaris because she had her own labyrinth, but it was demonstrated that Gaia could create a pseudo labyrinth.

Under Ramiri’s guidance, Gaia’s labyrinth completely covered up this Heaven.

「You bastard, so that was your aim!!」

I could see the color of emotions for the first time in Velda’s expressions.

That agitation was exactly what I intended.

Furthermore, Ramiris and Gaia succeeded in rescuing Milim who got caught.

「Kyuiーーー!!」

「Gaia! When did you become strong like this!?」

Milim was safely rescued and she seemed to be surprised with Gaia’s growth.

「Mission completed on this side, Rimuru! Go on and send that guy flying!」

Ramiris proudly gave the “GO” sign towards me.

In addition to her,

「To be honest, I wanted to do it myself but unfortunately, I can’t win. Rimuru, please avenge me!」

Milim said so.

「Leave it to me. I’ll carve it properly into your body as the reward of laying your hands on my precious friends!」

I raised one hand to answer Milim and declared so towards Velda.

Well then, since all of the trouble was sorted out, let’s end this quickly.

When I thought so…..

A terrific explosion was heard and a corner of the Heaven was blown away.

I was surprised and turned my focus to that direction――

Just as I thought, I saw Veldora-san who became pitch black over there.

* * *

[1] There were two kanji used for Heaven 天上界 Tenjoukai and 天空界 Tenkuukai. Ciel used the first one which can also mean Celestial World, while the other people use the 2nd one which would be closer to Sky World. 天空 Tenkuu mean Sky but can also mean Heaven. I’ll just keep both as heaven.

[2] 超強化 Choukyouka. Super/Ultra/Hyper Strengthening/Power Up/Boost.

[3] Could be a pun. 丸くなった can also mean rounded. It also has the kanji maru in it.

[4] This kind of eraser: (Also known as putty rubber) https://3.bp.blogspot.com/-PwkxXh-aRho/W88u9Bn1s4I/AAAAAAAAAvI/NdI86v0YbM06kAbXNWmj33KYTdRKGT_oQCK4BGAYYCw/s320/eraser2.jpg

[5] 知性珠之神剣(インテリジェンスソード) Chisei Tama no Shinken (Interijensu Sōdo). Divine Sword with Intelligence Orb/Ball/Sphere.

P.S. The person in Rimuru’s mind has a name that starts with a M and end with an i.





Chapter 245: Final Decisive Battle - Part 6


What the heck are you doing……?

When I thought that,

「Guh, Guooh…… Power, I ran out of power at the last moment……」

Veldora-san insisted on something which was no more than an excuse.

I guess he was fine.

Although I didn’t really feel the need to be worried about him, I couldn’t help it considering his usual antics.

He looked awful but there seemed to be no other problems.

That’s right. After all, Veldora-san was the only one who suffered any damage from that big explosion.

Everyone else seemed to be unharmed, what a relief.

Oh well, if it’s Veldora-san, I felt a mysterious reassurance that he would turn out okay even if he was seriously injured.

Since his real body was inside me, it wasn’t an exaggeration.

「What are you doing? Didn’t you boast that you would be fine?」

「Grrr, that’s my line! Why did the “Corridor” suddenly closed even though I tried to suppress the explosion with force!?」

When I asked him mixed with a sigh, Veldora angrily asked back at me.

Corridor…… did he mean the “Soul Corridor”?

《Fufuu. It’s because Veldora had been the one most wasteful with Master’s magic essences. I wanted to teach him a lesson, so I calculated that it will go out of control, but that it would only damage him and closed the “Soul Corridor” at the perfect moment.》

You did what!?

Rather, Ciel-san appeared to be angry for some reason.

Although she had said that Veldora could use it as much as he liked in the previous conversation, what’s with this sudden change of attitude here…...

《In the first place, I’ve been suppressing the usage so that the energy won’t be used inefficiently. In regards to the energy usage, Veldora is――》

「When I saw you absorbing the energy, I thought I wanted to copy it too! Even though it was just a bit more and I would have completed it and powered-up myself too.」

「No, no, I think that’s impossible……」

I guess this is what people would call flabbergasted.

I never told him not to copy someone else, but I wished in this tense situation, he wouldn’t try something that he couldn’t do.

First of all, how can Veldora power-up himself if he didn’t have the ability to convert energy……?

It was a simple task, all he had to do was to suppress and offset it normally; It’s amazing that he could deliberately mess up.

Veldora-san probably tried to blend it with a large amount of energy he tried to draw out from me while suppressing it with his own full power.

Did he assume that by doing that he could forcibly take in the altered energy?

《Not just that, he tried to pour the energy through the “Soul Corridor” when he couldn’t get used to it smoothly. Rather than a power-up, he probably planned a recycling.》

I see……

Certainly, Ciel-san could deal with it easily, but it would be risky if sending weird things became a habit.

She’s right by refusing as she seemed to be conveniently used as someone who took care of things when he was in trouble.

Since he couldn’t deal with it himself, he pushed it to Ciel-san and took the energy as he pleased.

Even Ciel-san would flip out over that.

Though she meant to rake him over the coals, she probably wanted to punish Veldora.

As expected, not even Veldora could deal with it since Ciel-san had done it when he was unprepared for something like that.

Oh well, Ciel-san probably determined the moment when he couldn’t handle it though.

I was surprised that such foolish exchanges were happening without my knowledge.

「No matter how I look at it isn’t that your own fault!」

「Grrr…… It’s not fair that only Rimuru can use such a convenient ability……」

Don’t go “Grrr” at me. Are you a kid!

Oh, well, whatever, his foolishness was quite painful for everyone to see.

「Veldora, you――」

See?

Even Velgrind, who put the sword over her shoulder, is now glaring this way with half-opened eyes, you know?

Also, it’s very scary that Velzard is smiling but her eyes aren’t.

I told that to Veldora through eye contact.

OH NO! So Veldora, whose face turned miserable, seemingly wanted to say.

It seemed he realized that he was getting a bit too full of himself and he looked back and forth between me and his two sisters in panic.

「Well, practice is the key. Even you will be able to use it if you keep doing your best, so be diligent. Therefore, help me to defeat Velda first.」

I decided to give Veldora a helping hand.

My reason was it would be a bother if he ended up sulking, but Veldora-san who was shivering before his two older sisters looked pitiful if I didn’t do anything.

I acted as if this time he just messed up a bit and everything was going as planned from the start.

「Ha…hahaha. I guess so. It seems I have been a bit too overconfident. One has to learn humbleness or something like that, right. Alright, then I’ll return inside and lend you my strength!」

Until the end, Veldora was still glossing over his coolness and returned back inside me as if he was running away.

He owed me one for this.

Since it was a good chance, I decided to make Veldora-san reside inside my katana.

I got Veldora’s agreement and put Veldora who underwent『True Dragon Core Transformation』into the katana.

I didn’t feel like being stingy in this seemingly final decisive battle.

I thought that it was great that I could retrieve Veldora back smoothly since Velda would be very cautious if he were to see Veldora transforming in front of his eyes.

Since I pretended that I retrieved him back because he was hurt, Velda wouldn’t notice the change in my katana.

Veldora-san’s mischievous conducts were surprising, but it might result in something good.

　　　　　　◇◇◇

Well, with this, my preparation was complete and I only had to defeat Velda now.

I could ignore the effects on my surroundings since this is in the sky.

If I used my full power on the surface, it would become a serious problem due to environmental destruction.

I cut apart the ocean before; the follow up afterward was very hard.

It seemed that when Guy and Milim fought each other long ago, they ended creating a barren desert.

With that said, the heavens could be said to be the perfect place.

「Hey, need help?」

Guy asked.

I was happy with the offer, but I would be fine alone.

Because I planned to swing Veldora Sword, it would be a big problem if anyone got involved.

「No, I alone am enough. However, since I’m planning to unleash a bit of my full power, it would be quite helpful if you help Ramiris with the barrier. I don’t want Velda to run away from this place and just want things to be absolutely ensured.」

「Oh? You’re quite confident. Okay, leave that to me.」

Guy nodded and began to help Ramiris in reinforcing the『Different World Barrier[1]』that covered up the heaven.

「I’m counting on you, Rimuru!」

Milim looked at me with eyes full of anticipation and following after Guy, she started to pour her power into Gaia who was in her embrace

It seemed that she was helping with the barrier’s reinforcement.

「May fortune smiles in your favor, Rimuru-sama!」

Diablo encouraged me while he was tending to Testarossa and the other two.

「Let’s finish this quickly and rebuild our country.」

「Kufufufufu, I’m looking forward to it.」

「If by any chance I got defeated――」

「Surely you jest. It’s impossible for Rimuru-sama to lose.」

Diablo declared so with a tremendous faith.

I didn’t have any intention to lose, but my victory wasn’t guaranteed either……

Diablo didn’t seem to think that I could lose at all.

「Sensei――」

「I’ll finish everything. It seems I can finally save you.」

「I…… Sensei…… If Sensei looks about to lose――」

「Don’t worry. It’s impossible for me to lose, you know? Whether that’s true or not, I’ll prove it right away.」

I cheerfully quoted Diablo’s words and Chloe finally smiled.

「Yes. I'll be waiting for it.」

I could feel the strength behind her words that she would be waiting for me as her tense expression seemed to soften a bit.

I was worried about Chloe who was kind of unstable, but she would be fine now.

Guy, Milim, Ramiris, Chloe, Diablo and Testarossa and the others had their eyes glued to me while Velzard and Velgrind, the True Dragon sisters, and Velgaia were as maintaining the『Different World Barrier』

Everyone’s gazes were concentrated on my back and I raised one hand to answer it.

I maintained my gaze to Velda.

「Sorry to keep you waiting. Well, let’s get started.」

「…… Shut up. Don’t get full of yourself just because you won over these crowds. It’ll be easy for me to massacre all of you if I get serious.」

「Ah is that so. I think it’s impossible, but try it if you can.」

My and Velda’s sights intersected simultaneously with my katana and his sword.

At that moment, a clear sound echoed in the place as a severed tip of a blade flew into the air and stuck on the ground.

Velda’s face was dyed with shock.

Naturally, it was because I slashed Velda’s sword with my katana. Moreover, the shockwaves caused by my surging slash blew away half of the remaining castle.

The delayed echoes were the sounds of the destroyed castle crumbling.

Let’s deliver the final blow on Velda with the sounds as his requiem.

Velda created a new sword without panicking.

It was impressive that he immediately regained his calm, but it had been proven before that his sword was no match against Veldora Sword.

I swung the katana and slashed through Velda’s sword again.

I thought it was amazing that he could create many God Class swords, but even I could do something similar. It wasn’t an ability that needed to be fussed over so much.

「It can’t be….. Although mine is ranked the lowest, it’s definitely a God Class sword――No, what is with his sword? Impossible…… Could it be a Genesis Class[2]!?」

He seemed to finally have noticed it.

About my katana, Veldora Sword.

It was my first time hearing Genesis Class or something like that, but I didn’t really care about such a thing.

Its silvery blade is dyed with aura thinly cladding it and emitting jet black radiance. On its blade, the golden blade pattern undulating beautifully, giving off a very fantastic beauty.

It’s really a shame to call a sword with an unserious name as Veldora Sword.

Oh well, Veldora-san’s real form is also jet black-colored and he looks magnificent and beautiful if he shuts his mouth though.

(Hey, did you think of something really rude just now?)

Nope, everything is fine.

I felt like I heard some kind of dissatisfied voice, but let’s not worry about it.

「I don’t know what class this sword is. But it has nothing to do with defeating you! Come now, let’s end our warm-ups and quickly show me what you can really do. I have plenty of time, but they are not for playing with you!」

I declared at Velda as I wanted to finish this soon.

There was no point in playing with him any longer. I thought about going serious soon.

However, I perceived something was wrong with Velda.

「――Kuh, what I can really do, you said? Don’t you dare underestimate me, for I’m the true successor of Veldanava!!」

With an expression distorted by anger and humiliation, Velda brought his hands together.

Then, he shouted「Divine Sword Summon」and a sword harboring ominous power was summoned.

Unlike his previous creations, it was a mysterious sword that clearly was of a higher rank.

「I shall give you my praise for making me take out this sword, my last resort. This Genesis: Veldanava Sword[3]!!」

It was a beautiful sword.

A large long sword with a slightly inward curved blade.

The blade shined with blue glow as if the blade itself emitted the light.

Contrary to its appearance, its mass might be comparable to a planet. It was a cluster of super-high-dense energy.

It seemed to be a Genesis Class thingy he mentioned earlier, so did we became equal in terms of weapon or something like that?

As I expected, it was unlikely for me to win easily, but this was within my expectations.

「Rimuru, it was beyond my expectation that you possess a sword comparable to this one and only Genesis Class, you know. However, since I’ve pulled out this sword, it’s over for you.」

Velda declared with his restored confidence.

Then, he swung down the sword toward me.

His movement was exactly what you would call as Godspeed, it might be impossible to react to it if it was not me.

However―― From my point of view, Velda’s movement was really crude.

Although I said that the warm up was over, is he still testing me?

Or perhaps he underestimated me this late in the game because I was lower ranked than him……

I didn’t mind either way though. Since I would just do what I had to do.

「Too slow.」

I muttered a few words and swung my katana.

Velda hurriedly changed the trajectory of his sword and stopped my katana. However, he was unable to bear with the overwhelming shock wave that occurred when our blades clashed and he was blown away while breaking several piles of rubble as he rolled over the ground.

However, that was strange.

It was certainly a terrifying shock wave, but I only felt like it was a breeze.

Was this guy perhaps…..

Could it be that was his full power?

I thought there was no way that was true and denied that thought.

When I met Velda in the Imperial Capital, I felt a very threatening presence from him.

If we fought that time, I thought that it was very probable for me to lose.

And yet, I didn’t feel the same threat from him now……

《Of course. Master is evolving every day after all.》

To answer my question, Ciel-san declared so as if what she said was natural.

Hey, hey, didn’t you say that super-strengthening or something like that was not possible? And yet, why did I feel like I’m getting super strong!?

《Master is an exception. Plus, there’s an exception even for everything else.》

Isn’t that a double standard!?

For Ciel-san to conclude her explanation with a double standard, how formidable she had become.

「Damn it, if only『Raphael』, if only I got my hands on『Raphael』, I could become the ultimate form!!」

Velda began shouting something he regretted

Raphael? Did he mean the Ultimate Skill that I had?

Ciel-san had said it was unnecessary and erased it after the synthesis, but was it really such an important Skill?

「I had that Skill before, but it’s already gone now, you know? It's unfortunate, but there was no possibility for your wish to come true.」

With the intention to break his heart and a bit of compassion, I cruelly informed Velda.

Our fight’s outcome would be decided by the one whose heart broke first.

Therefore, what I said would become a decisive blow against Velda.

「It, it can’t be!?『Raphael』is gone――? Then, I can’t prove that I’m Veldanava……」

Velda muttered unclear words with his hollow expression.

《How foolish. Even if he supposedly was able to manifest your Skill, it will be impossible for an imposter to be acknowledged as Veldanava.》

Ciel sent her thoughts as if to deal the final blow on Velda.

Could you send your thought to everyone like that? Or rather, what did you mean with acknowledging Veldanava or something like that?

《I just said what was appropriate, please don’t mind it.》

Ehh, is that true?

Ciel-san said that she said that to break Velda’s heart but…… She didn’t hide something, right?

Without my knowing, it seemed the means of communication had increased, Ciel-san was really full of mysteries.

《It’s okay. There’s no problem.》

No, it’s not that…… oh well, whatever.

She might not have lied, but I didn’t think she told the truth either.

「It can’t be, I am―― I am Veldanava…… I won’t accept this…… If only I have『Raphael』, the real Lucia will acknowledge me!!」

Velda shouted as if he went mad and attacked me without care of anything, but his weak attacks wouldn’t work on me.

I easily repelled his sword and blew Velda away for the second time.

I guess it was not a fight anymore.

His heart was broken too, what was left for me was to deal the final blow.

When I thought so――

「It’s Rimuru’s victory.」

I heard Guy said that.

Hey, if you say something like that――

「Wai, Guy! When you say something like that, if I remember correctly―― you will set off a “flag”, saying something like that is quite famous in the industry, you know!」

「That’s right! I also studied Rimuru’s manga. It’s taboo to say something like that, you know!?」

Ramiris and Milim came to stop Guy faster than I was.

However, not just Guy, the True Dragon sisters also joined the fray.

「What are you guys trying to say. No matter how you look at it, isn’t this Rimuru’s complete victory?」

「That’s true, Velda has tremendous power for a fake, but as I expected he’s not comparable with the real Aniue. He doesn’t seem to be a match for that absurd slime.」

The two of them eagerly said those words as if the crisis had passed.

「Like I said, it’ll be a lead up before the enemy gets stronger, so stop with statements like that.」

「That’s right, that’s right! They called this “cliché”, you know?」

Milim shouted and Ramiris agreed with her.

However, they were already too late……

「Fufufu, ahahahahaha!」

Velda stood up while laughing.

Has he lost it? No, rather than that, his expression is――

「I knew it. It was as I had expected, Rimuru-san.」

With a smile I knew very well, he called me with his clear voice.

This sensation, this guy is without a doubt――

「Is that you, Yuuki?」

「Yes, long time no see. As I expected, Velda couldn’t win against you. However, it’s not a problem. He had earned me plenty of time. Well―― shall we start the final battle between you and me?」

While still smiling, Yuuki said so and pointed Genesis: Veldanava Sword at me.

* * *

[1] 異界結界 Ikai Kekkai. Ikai can also mean Spirit/Foreign/Alien World/Underworld. But imo different world fit the context. Otherworld Barrier?

[2] 創世級(ジェネシス) Sousei Kyuu (Jeneshisu). World Creation Class/Rank.

[3] 創世剣(ジェネシス)：星皇竜角剣(ヴェルダナーヴァ) Souseiken (Jeneshisu): Seiōryū Kakuken (Verudanāva). World Creation Sword (Genesis): Stellar Lord Dragon’s Horn Sword/Blade/Edge. I add sword to it for easier differentiation between the sword and the person.





Chapter 246: Rimuru vs Yuuki –First Part–


“I knew it” was my honest thoughts.

I calmly pondered in the middle of a fierce sword fight.

To begin with, why would he need a 1 month delay?

If we fought in that place that day, I didn’t know what the outcome would be.

If he had sent Chloe toward me at that time, while I wouldn’t lose, the fight would still be difficult.

If he used Velda’s power, he should be able to handle Veldora and Velgrind while I was being toyed with by Chloe.

Moreover, Kagali, Vega and the angels could have killed Diablo and the others.

There were people who could use Unique Skill such as『Teleportation』 like Mai too, I think that the prediction wasn’t wrong altogether.

Even according to Ciel-san’s calculation, our chance of winning wasn’t high, just around 40%.

Although, if I could kill Chloe without hesitation, our chance of winning would be over 80% and the situation would be reversed.

That’s why I thought they acted carefully since they feared I would act without hesitation, but I changed my mind after I saw the angels’ assembly and the explosion phenomenon this time.

Or rather, I’m convinced.

Velda, whose goal is to destroy the world, would have been more advantageous if he could do that.

Because everything would have been better for him if he were to hold down and eliminate us by making the energy of the angels go berserk.

What was the reason for why he didn’t do that?

――That’s because he wants to buy time――

Ciel and I agreed on the same thing.

Although he disappeared while saying plausible things at the end, what if all of that was Yuuki’s acting?

All pieces seemed to fit together.

『Ku, kukuku, ahahahahahahaha! This is really unexpected.

I didn’t expect it, really……. You’d be the most dangerous of all.

Bravo, Rimuru-san.

I really did want to end the world with my own hands.

But, unfortunately…….

I really can’t imagine myself winning against you. Not to mention, even that Demon over there――

――Your power is just too insane. That chills I got when we first met was right on the money.

I should have ended you back then.

Did I lose my marbles somewhere? Well, it doesn’t matter at all now.

No, in fact, if you can stop me, that’d just be the will of the world.

I guess, Velda will decide the rest, heh.

Goodbye, Rimuru-san

I kinda liked you a bit too.

――Honestly, we could’ve been friends, you know……』

I ended up honestly trusting those words.

He changed into Velda at the end with those words and I thought that Yuuki had told me his true intention.

However, I was wrong.

It was already too late at this point.

Perhaps, he had started since we first met――

I must admit that he acted splendidly, I was even outwitted.

Although Ciel seemed to have doubts about it, she couldn’t find any definite fault.

I was gullible enough to believe Yuuki’s words; on the contrary, she had said that she suspected that it was some kind of a ruse.

While I laughed it off that she might be overthinking it, but if it meant something, what was it? The two of us made the prediction over it.

That answer we concluded was “Isn’t his goal for the 1 month delay to buy himself some time?” or something like that.

And, that was the right answer, Yuuki gradually made the power his while inside Velda.

「You-you’ve deceived me until the end to buy yourself some time……?」

「Ahaha, you’ve figured it out? 100 points for you, Rimuru-san. Well, it seems that Velda was completely deceived about that too. Hey, there’s a saying “To fool the enemy, first deceive your allies” after all, right?」

「Stop with your bullshit, I really believed you――」

「Haha, that what they call naïve, you know. For you to believe the words of your enemy, your mind is really simple you know, Rimuru-san.」

Yuuki mockingly shrugged his shoulders.

Looking at him, Diablo and Milim gnashed their teeth while shooting nothing but death glares towards Yuuki. However, the aura emanated from Yuuki which was incomparable from before, coerced and made them unable to move their body at all.

What a terrifying growth――No, evolution.

Our weapons were of equal class, but I felt mine was inferior.

Veldanava Sword didn’t budge even after it was struck by Veldora Sword.

And, Yuuki who wielded it skillfully parried the impact unlike Velda.

「How did you get this much power?」

「I don’t feel I need to tell you, but I did make you wait for 1 month, so I guess I could tell you that much. It’s really simple; I just suppressed Velda and turned him into my subordinate. After I fully analyzed his power, I also completely analyzed Velda’s knowledge and understood all of it. Thanks to that, I could easily get the power of an awakened Hero too. Lucky for me, I also stole some of Leon’s power. After that, I just changed our relationship from fifty-fifty relation into a complete domination with me in charge. Oh yeah, it was easy because Rimuru-san had crushed Velda’s hope and broke his heart. Thanks for that.」

Yuuki replied while smiling.

I regretted asking since what this guy said didn’t always mean the truth.

I was curious and unintentionally asked, but I could get deceived again if I carelessly speak with him.

Although I had pompously reprimanded Mai, it wasn’t funny that I also got deceived. Talking with him anymore than this was dangerous and I would rather concentrate on the fight with my full power.

《I assume that Yuuki’s words just now are true, but I agree that talking more than this is dangerous.》

Ciel seemed to have sensed the danger too and agreed with my opinion.

A top class trickster was so troublesome to deal with.

As I took pride that I wouldn’t be deceived easily, I felt angry that I ended up being led around by the nose by someone. However, if I got caught in it too much, it would lead to a great failure.

I couldn’t really laugh at Mai with this.

From our conversation just now, Yuuki had said that he got the power of an awakened Hero. Then, it wouldn’t be strange for him to have the power of an awakened demon lord too even if he didn’t say it.

After all, his subordinate, Kazaream was also an awakened demon lord.

Hero and Demon Lord, powers of different natures were united in the same Will called Velda, and a being who could control that power as it pleased――that would be what Yuuki had become now.

Surprisingly, it was clear that the current Yuuki had power equal to me.

「However, for Rimuru-san to be the one who had『Raphael』. I had thought that was possible and it seems I was correct. Since my plan didn’t work out smoothly, I suspected you might have anticipated them. But, who would have thought that the Skill Velda wanted the most was in the hands of Rimuru-san, his greatest enemy. That really made Velda look like a clown. He’s so laughable, isn’t he?」

As soon as I thought about ending our conversation, Yuuki spoke as if to block me from doing so.

I heard a pleasant tone echoed from Yuuki’s voice as if he sincerely thought that Velda was hilarious.

What a tough opponent.

I parried Yuuki’s sword and slashed him back while keeping my mouth shut.

「Ahaha. Don’t be so wary like that. You see, Velda believed that he was Veldanava’s reincarnation. There’s no way that could be true, what a foolish guy. It was no more than an ability. It was Veldanava’s original ability, so I had him inherit all of the memories. In other words, Velda was just a similar existence like Kondou and Damrada whom were called back with Memory Orb. He’s a pathetic Manas that’s even inferior to the irregular being like Rudra. What a fool, isn’t he? A tool that didn’t even have a shred of dragon factor and yet he misunderstood everything. However, even a fool like Velda was capable enough as support for me. After all, I can control all of Veldanava’s abilities now!」

Yuuki kept on blabbering about things even though I wasn’t asking, Was his plan to confuse me with the conversation?

However, his plan was actually quite successful.

It was because it made me unable to concentrate very well. Even though we were in the midst of a fight, Yuuki’s words disturbed my thoughts.

Good grief, what a really troublesome guy he was.

Nonetheless, if what Yuuki had said was true, I could understand how he got the power equal to mine.

It was probably true that Velda was a Manas. An existence that assisted all of your abilities was very helpful, just like Ciel-san.

Even if it was a spell formulation with difficult control, it could activate it as your proxy. In other words, while you are concentrating in close combat like this, further attacks could be prepared without your opponent sensing them.

However, I couldn’t comprehend why Yuuki would bother to tell me that.

I suspected the motive behind it whether it was also one of his plans. The existence of a Manas itself could be considered as a very important trump card that should be hidden, after all, I naturally felt the desire to find out his goal for telling me that.

No, I suppose making me worried like this was what Yuuki expected, there would be no end if I kept on thinking about it.

I earnestly reconfirmed that Yuuki was a very troublesome enemy for me.

「You said that can control all of Veldanava’s powers? Don’t get conceited, you lowly human!」

Guy who was listening to me and Yuuki’s conversation, shouted while glaring at Yuuki with his crimson eyes blazed with fury.

As if they were following his lead, Velzard and Velgrind also nodded.

「That’s right! In the first place, it was me who sealed Veldanava’s holy corpse. As long as the seal is not broken, there’s no way someone like you can control all of the powers!」

Thus, Ramiris instinctively shouted.

When he heard that, Yuuki wickedly grinned and smiled.

――Eh, wait a minute? Why did Ramiris blabber about such important information so easily like that? No matter how careless and scatterbrained Ramiris was, this was clearly strange……

「Too bad! Your seal was pointless. If I make you angry, why don’t you release the seal and check it yourself?」

「Don’t you dare make fun of me! Okay, let me do that――」

I was convinced when I saw Ramiris was about to respond to Yuuki’s provocation.

「Diablo, stop Ramiris!」

「As you wish.」

Diablo moved promptly to my order.

Gently, but assuredly.

He locked up Ramiris, who was kicking up a fuss about something, inside the deployed Magic Barrier.

「Hey! What is this, Rimuru!?」

「Calm down, Yuuki’s aim was for you to remove the seal, you know. Just now, you were acting according to his words.」

「Hah!?」

I calmly answered to the shout of the dissatisfied Ramiris.

Ramiris was speechless when she heard my explanation. That would make sense. After all, she probably didn’t have any recollection about it.

If you only listened to the exchange of the words, it was unlikely for you to be tricked by the contents of the conversation. Yet, she unconsciously tried to act as Yuuki wanted. It was something unbelievable if you think about it calmly so I naturally thought that there was some kind of skill involved in this.

It seemed I had to make sure of this.

There was a possibility of me being manipulated too, but I decided to trust Ciel about this matter.

《Please leave it to me. I will analyze Yuuki’s skills.》

I spoke to Yuuki after I received the reply from the reliable Ciel.

――All this occurred while continuing to respond to the fierce sword blows without averting my sight from Yuuki.

「You’re still a trickster as ever, Yuuki.」

「Ahaha, what do you mean?」

「Don’t play dumb. You put Thought Guidance in your words and you could even trick those with a strong will. I’m sure that’s it not a technique on the level of suggestiveness or hypnotism or something like that. It’s very impressive of you.」

「Oh my, thank you. But, it’s not fun now that you have seen through it though.」

「Like I care!」

Yuuki dodged my words with his aloof attitude.

Since he wasn’t fazed by it, he seemed to have anticipated that things were to be seen through.

Then, this meant Thought Guidance wasn’t his trump card…… it might be more reliable to deal with Yuuki’s words by treating them all as lies.

No, could it be that was his aim?

If he mixed a bit of truth within the lies, he could make me under the impression that even the truths were lies too.

Was it the reverse pattern of mixing a bit of lies into the truths……?

《I think that’s very likely. Unfortunately, I have analyzed the wavelength pattern of all his energy including his voiceprint, but I couldn’t discern whether he’s lying or telling the truth.》

Just as I suspected.

However, it was a pain that even Ciel was unable to tell it apart. It would be certainly difficult as we couldn’t read him even from his expressions or emotions.

Then, that meant I had no other choice but to judge for myself what information that Yuuki would want me to believe was a lie?

《Additionally, I’ve confirmed that Yuuki’s words harbored some kind of power. This is probably the Primitive Magic[1], “Power of Words[2]”. I presume that Thought Guidance might have evolved.》

What? “Power of Words”――you said!?

I asked Ciel-san for more details, any kind of Primitive Magic was placed on a higher rank than the magic used by Demons. She said that it was the source of all magic.

However, its characteristic wasn’t manipulating physical phenomenon, but the power to affect the soul.

While it had no effect on physical matters, its effect was tremendous inside the spiritual world.

In other words, it was a terrifying magic that could exert its effect while invalidating defensive barriers. I was surprised that it could even affect strong people who had awakened an Ultimate Skill.

In addition, a being who could use this magic would become the natural enemy of any spiritual life-form.

Just like how Ramiris easily got induced now, it could affect the inside of someone’s heart……

For now, our swordsmanship was on equal terms.

Neither I nor Yuuki was being impatient, but neither of us had received any blows.

Yuuki protected his whole body with a God Class Armor, but it wouldn’t be able to withstand a hit from Veldora Sword.

Likewise, I wasn’t confident that I could withstand a hit from Veldanava Sword. After all, I felt energy surpassing Veldora Sword from that sword.

Its power truly should be called as the incarnation of Veldanava――

「You, it can’t be――you really can control Veldanava’s powers?」

My hunch told me so as if I received a divine revelation.

The reason why Yuuki was buying himself time was probably to get enough power to beat us for sure.

If that was the case, it was pretty logical that meant for him to obtain Veldanava’s powers.

「What the heck are talking about? There’s no way that could be true.」

「That’s right, Rimuru. Like I said before, if the seal is not removed――」

Guy and Ramiris were denying it, but Velzard and Velgrind were silent.

Milim was silent as well.

They probably had sensed it. The same surges as Veldanava’s powers.

It was the power overflowing from the sword Yuuki wielded.

「Aha, ahahahahahahahahahaha!!」

Yuuki suddenly began to laugh as if the dam inside was now broken.

He kept laughing while blocking the blows from my sword.

Then――

「Fufu, bravo, Rimuru-san. There would be nothing at all even if that fairy over there had released the seal. I just wanted to see her face of despair when she did so. After all, it’s true that I have broken the seal, you see.」

Everyone excluding me fell quiet as if they were frozen after they heard Yuuki’s words.

My intuition told me that he was telling the truth.

It wasn’t a lie to make me cautious. The reason was there was not much merit for him to tell such a lie.

That meant Yuuki had broken Veldanava’s seal in a month.

And, the 1 month delay was for that purpose.

「Yeah, I wanted to see those faces. After all, I got really serious now. I may have lost the game to end the world using my tools, but wouldn’t it be fine for me to have some fun until the end?」

Yuuki was laughing as if he was having fun from the bottom of his heart right now.

* * *

[1] 原初の魔法(プリミティブマジック) Gensho no Mahō (Purimitibu Majikku). Original/Primal/Primordial Magic.

[2] 言霊 Kotodama. Spirit of Language/Spirit of Words/Soul of Language/Magic Words/Power Words/Sacred Words. This refers to the Japanese belief that mystical powers dwell in words and names. Names and words have special powers that can influence our surroundings, both in a positive and negative way.





Chapter 247: Rimuru vs Yuuki –Middle Part–


(Yuuki’s 3rd POV)

Yuuki relished the joy inside his mind as he felt the place freeze.

Now that he became the strongest, he almost achieved his objective. If so, he thought that it would be fun to see the bitter faces of his worthy opponents for a bit longer.

If it was a month ago, he wouldn’t have been able to fight even one of these difficult opponents directly.

But, he had no inferiority complex about that anymore.

Instead, those powerful people made him feel excited and the thought of plunging the world into chaos and making his enemies dance in the palm of his hand would give him supreme pleasure.

However, all of Yuuki’s plans had ended in failure due to the presence of Rimuru, who stands in front of him.

It had been a series of unexpected situations.

When Yuuki first met Rimuru in the Ingrassia Kingdom, he had felt an indescribable premonition.

At that time, Yuuki had sent Hinata at him as a safety measure, but Rimuru escaped with ease.[1]

It was unbelievable that the calm and vigilant Hinata could fail, and when Rimuru turned out to survive this encounter, Yuuki acknowledged Rimuru as his enemy.

From that point on, all of his plans have been crushed by Rimuru.

However, Yuuki didn’t feel any anger regarding that matter.

On the contrary, Yuuki wanted to show his respect towards Rimuru’s brilliant skills.

Yuuki made the decision to move personally for the first time when the situation on the board titled so much that he couldn’t win, even if he unleashed all of the pieces in his hands.

It wasn’t like when he was playing around during his fight with Leon. Yuuki seriously decided, for the very first time in his life, that he wanted strength.

He estimated that it would take one month for him to unravel all that power.

Meanwhile, he decided to let Velda be in the firing line and do as he pleased.

Although Yuuki’s personality was more or less positioned at the top of the pecking order, because it was a mutual switch of beings of the same rank, once they switched places, he couldn’t switch with Velda with just his own Will.

For this reason, this was a gamble for him.

Velda’s goal was also the collapse of the world, but the end result was different than Yuuki’s.

Yuuki’s end goal was to return this world to nothingness, but Velda’s was different.

After the collapse, Velda wanted to try to create a new world with him as its God.

From Yuuki’s point of view, that was a naïve idea that he couldn’t hold back his laughter when thinking about it.

While thinking that Velda would fail anyway, Yuuki gave his last order.

Thus, the result was as Yuuki had expected……

Yuuki was a genius, but he didn’t obtain all of Veldanava’s powers.

As such, being able to control all of Veldanava’s powers was a lie.

However, there was nothing that worried him.

Because it was true that he could use almost all of Veldanava’s abilities.

Yuuki already had enough power to destroy this world.

The Manas called Velda had the knowledge about all of the Ultimate Skills, but he didn’t have the ability to recreate them.

The reason was plain and simple, insufficient capacity.

Yuuki had analyzed every skill over a month’s time and made a selection.

He reduced Ultimate Skill『Greedy Lord Mammon』into energy (Existence Value) and tried to recreate the necessary skills.

It became possible for him to perfectly recreate『Creation Lord Ahura Mazda』.

However, there was also an ability that he couldn’t recreate no matter how hard he tried.

The Ultimate and Supreme Ability――called『Turn Null』which produced the primordial energy needed to create a world. But in the end, it was impossible for him to recreate it.

Even if he could recreate that ability, he would only cause the energy to go amok and disappear if he didn’t create a world like Veldanava did.

After all, 『Turn Null』, as indicated by its name, was pure and super dense energy that destroyed everything. A super-tier level ability that allowed the destruction of the existing world and even the creation of a new world.

It was said that Veldanava lost『Turn Null』after he created this world, and he was left with『Magic Essence Breeder Reactor』.

Veldanava was the strongest existence because of this ability, which produced unlimited magic essence.

Milim inherited that『Magic Essence Breeder Reactor』, making her the strongest.

It was due to the byproduct of『Magic Essence Breeder Reactor』that she could control Stardust, the condensed form of magic essence.

Yuuki had recreated this ultimate power too.

Yuuki became a God-Man and a spiritual life-form. Therefore, based on Velda’s knowledge, he created『Magic Essence Breeder Reactor』and completely controlled it.

However, as it was, he didn’t have enough capacity to use other abilities and became nothing but a rehash of Milim.

He could control the output like Guy, but then he wouldn’t be able to surpass them.

Yuuki thought as such, so he came up with the idea of recreating the abilities and put them inside Veldanava Sword.

Veldanava Sword was a crystallization of Veldanava’s powers. It was the condensed form of half of Veldanava’s maximum energy.

Milim was supposed to inherit this Sword of God someday.

Hence, such a thing as recreating the abilities in Velda’s memories was easy.

Yuuki had also disassembled his own Ultimate Skill『Creation Lord Ahura Mazda』and combined it with Velda’s knowledge. Thus, Origin Skill[2]『Information Ruler Akashic Records[3]』was created.

He installed this Origin Skill into Veldanava Sword and tweaked it so that any selected ability could be used at any time.

Because it was tuned exclusively for Yuuki’s use, it couldn’t be used by Velda.

Velda’s role was to keep『Magic Essence Breeder Reactor』always in the optimal state, acting as a kind of permanent monitoring device.

Thus, Yuuki was reborn as an incarnation of absolute power that could freely use all abilities.

　　　　　　◇◇◇

Yuuki was only wary of one person.

Only against Rimuru, who had a dumbfounded expression in front of him.

This annoying monster always exceeded Yuuki’s assumptions.

For this reason, there was no need for him to hold back. As soon as he determined the extent of Rimuru’s capabilities, Yuuki would need to use his strongest technique to get rid of him.

They were equal in power.

Yuuki, who was a God-man and an Awakened Hero, was operating『Magic Essence Breeder Reactor』at its maximum output, and yet he couldn’t surpass Rimuru’s power.

This was abnormal.

(This is so troublesome, seriously. I had thought that I would surpass him with a bit more power, but――)

Yuuki was advantageous in weapon’s performance, but he didn’t know how things would turn out if the fight dragged on.

(Velda, I’m gonna use energy at full blast. Fill Veldanava Sword with power to the limits it can withstand!)

Yuuki ordered Velda and attacked Rimuru with faster speed than before.

However, Rimuru easily warded off his attacks.

As if to not damage the sword, both of their swords were clad in energy which interfered with each other and caused heavy shock waves, but they were like a breeze for Yuuki and Rimuru.

(He reacted even to the assaults just now…… But, his reactions seem to be getting slower. Perhaps our swordsmanship is at a tie, I guess?)

Yuuki snapped his fingers.

At the same time, the world stopped moving. Time had stopped.

「Time Stop now, heh? I think it’s pointless……」

「Yeah, I think that it’s pointless too.」

「――You lying bastard. Your aim is probably to crush my forte so you can fight advantageously.」

「Ahahahaha. As I expected, you figured it out.」

Yuuki grinned and laughed.

He easily stopped time with Primitive Magic.

There were two reasons why he did so.

The first one was just as Rimuru had said to restrict emission type abilities.

By narrowing the options that could be taken by Rimuru, who had various means of attacks, he could continue the fight advantageously.

And above all else, it was for the best for him to stop time as to seal the ominous magic such as the annular magic that Demon (Diablo) had shown a while ago.

It was impossible to activate magic inside the Suspended World――Yes, with the exception of Primitive Magic.

Yuuki created an environment where he could one-sidedly use magic while sealing off Rimuru’s magic attacks.

――Burn brightly, O primordial flames!――

Yuuki wished so and simultaneously Rimuru was engulfed in flames.

「Woah! How can you use magic while time was stopped!?」

Just as he expected, Rimuru seemed to be unable to predict this attack.

Yuuki continuously manifested phenomena by merely thinking of them.

Cornering him with flames, sealing his movement by hardening the ground, severing the space―― Rimuru was toyed around with by Yuuki.

This was his last resort.

One of the trump cards that he thought surely would be effective.

However, unfortunately, Yuuki concluded that this Primitive Magic couldn’t defeat Rimuru.

Naturally, there was a very deep and calculated reason for why Yuuki used Primitive Magic despite it not being able to deal the decisive blow.

Yuuki judged that Rimuru had a habit of constantly observing his opponent’s attacks. It probably was a sign of his confidence that he could deal with any kind of attacks, but there was more than that. Yuuki thought that came from Rimuru’s innate naivety as he wished to find out his enemy’s true intentions and whether they could reach a mutual understanding or not.

This time, Yuuki made use of that habit.

As he expected, Rimuru didn’t use his full power from the start so Yuuki succeeded in activating Suspended World.

If he used Primitive Magic in this stopped time, Rimuru would very likely start to analyze his actions.

Although Primitive Magic was Yuuki’s trump card, he couldn’t beat Rimuru with it.

Then, even if it was valuable, Yuuki could use it as bait without problems.

“If I don’t win this fight, there won’t be a next time”, that was Yuuki’s judgment.

Although he was somewhat advantageous right now, Yuuki thought that he wouldn’t be stingy with what he got.

That’s because Yuuki’s wish could be achieved as long as he exhausted everything that he got and won against Rimuru.

My enemy is Rimuru alone――Thinking as such; Yuuki had evaluated Rimuru very highly.

Just as Yuuki planned, Rimuru seemed to be analyzing the Primitive Magic.

Analyzing your foe’s hands while in a fight couldn’t be said to be wrong. However, being preoccupied with something trivial during a tight battle like the one Yuuki and Rimuru were currently in was a bad move.

Yuuki had done various preparations since this battle began――No, even before it started.

Naturally, while he was analyzing abilities inside Velda, Yuuki had always been formulating plans on how he would eliminate his strongest rival.

Even stopping time wasn’t just for making himself have the upper hand by restricting Rimuru’s abilities.

Rather, Yuuki’s aim was to make Rimuru think that.

His true aim of using Time Stop wasn’t for such an insignificant reason――

「How naïve, Yuuki. I gradually got the hang of it, don’t think that you’re the only one who can use magic while time is stopped!」

As Yuuki had expected, no, even faster than expected, Rimuru seemed to have completed the analysis of the Primitive Magic.

The primordial flames that Yuuki had invoked without chanting were frozen by Rimuru just now.

Yuuki’s Will was offset by the conflict between fire and ice.

Yuuki thought that he had no choice but to smile wryly about this.

One of his trump cards was nullified so quickly, even though time was stopped.

However, even this was as Yuuki planned.

The katana clashed against the sword.

Both sides fought with their sublime powers.

In this situation, Yuuki had succeeded in distracting Rimuru’s consciousness even if it was just for a moment.

――I’ve been waiting for this moment!!――

Yuuki smiled.

Then, as he clashed with Rimuru with all his power once again, Yuuki put the final phase of his plan into motion.

While enormous amounts of energy clashed against each other and spread shock waves, Yuuki activated a magic spell formulation without chanting.

Naturally Rimuru, who had understood Primitive Magic, activated his own magic to deal with Yuuki’s magic and nullified it.

(Just as I expected! I had imagined that Rimuru-san would pick the correct response exactly as I had foreseen.)[4]

Although Yuuki was satisfied, he felt slightly empty.

He could read what his opponent was thinking this far, but he realized that he couldn’t understand him in the truest sense.

After all, they were strangers to each other, so such a thing as understanding each other completely was nothing but a pipe dream.

Yuuki felt such a sentiment, but before he could understand that, he unleashed his last trump card.

In the end, Yuuki and Rimuru were enemies.

Simultaneously when Rimuru invoked magic nullification, Yuuki activated the trick that he had put inside his prosthetic left hand.

The arm smoothly transformed and unleashed the magic circles engraved on it at Rimuru.

Then, the phenomenon was rewritten and converged into one magic spell.

The Ultimate Magic Arts that never could be activated by one person.

――Chrono Saltation[5]――[6]

The Ultimate Super Space-Time Magic that forced the target to leap to space where time had ended.

The magic was formed by swallowing up all of the energy that filled the place and even the raging quakes in time.

Then, with that immeasurable energy, it took Rimuru away to the “End of Time and Space[7]”.

Even all of Rimuru’s clones were completely swallowed up by the space-time continuum……

If the “Soul Corridor” wasn’t closed, Rimuru’s subordinates and even Velgrind might also become the target of the magic.

All kind of resistance was futile against the terrifying and compelling force of this magic.

Chrono Saltation was impossible to be activated by Yuuki alone.

The reason was simple; it was a compound magic that required the activation of at least 2 or more magic at the same time. Moreover, the magic needed to be activated simultaneously by those with the exact same properties and qualities.

What Yuuki had put inside his prosthesis arm was a simple ultimate spell formula.

The effect was a reversal.

It was a spell formula to reverse the target’s magic effect.

Primitive Magic was a magic that reflected the user’s Will and it wouldn’t just activate because Yuuki understood what kind of magic to use.

Just by wishing it, the phenomenon was invoked. This characteristic was the reason why it was called as the Ultimate Magic.

By limiting the magic that Rimuru could use with Time Stop just now, Yuuki was able to induce Rimuru to activate magic that he desired.

The magic that Rimuru activated was simple and plain. That was nullification.

It was impossible to stop the magic if Rimuru were to try to analyze the magic that Yuuki activated. Given the time differences, the nullification wouldn’t catch up at the same time as Yuuki activated his magic.

Yuuki thought that way.

Instead, Yuuki induced Rimuru’s thoughts while showing his trump card and directed Rimuru to act like that in this situation.

Then, just as Yuuki had planned, Rimuru would activate the magic.

Everything was prepared by Yuuki and he had forced Rimuru to act splendidly, exactly as he wanted.

In the space where Genesis class’ energy collided and space-time quakes occurred, Yuuki had used Space-Time Magic: Time Stop[8].

Originally, there was no meaning of stopping time in Suspended World. It was impossible to stop further of what had stopped.

However, the circumstances were different this time due to Yuuki’s trick.

In order to nullify Yuuki’s magic, Rimuru had activated magic that had the same energy but with the opposite properties of Yuuki’s magic. His magic was reversed by Yuuki’s trick and transformed to magic with the same energy and properties as Yuuki’s magic.

By doing this, Yuuki met the conditions for activating Chrono Saltation.

Even if he added Time Stop to another Time Stop, the effect wouldn’t change.

However, it would cause drastic changes if he multiplied it.

Bathed in the flow of all time and received the repulsion of the space that tried to fix itself, the target was sent to beyond time.

To the “End of Time and Space”―― A void in the far off future where the end of time and space overlapped.

If he couldn’t defeat him, he only had to put off the issue――That was the decision Yuuki had made.

Rimuru was able to rival him, or maybe even surpass him.To fight head-on against a super-level being like Rimuru would be sheer stupidity.

The answer to that was sending Rimuru to the future and destroying the world in that chance.

At the very end, the difficulty of the game to destroy the world, that used to be boring and easy, jumped up insanely, but Yuuki only felt happiness now that he had cleared it.

Yuuki was very happy and showed a smile from the bottom of his heart.

　　　　◆◆◆

The Time Stop was canceled at the same moment as Rimuru disappeared.

Without waiting for anything, those left behind moved all together.

Most of them didn’t understand exactly what had happened in front of their eyes.

However, the fact that Rimuru had disappeared was the only thing they could understand clearly.

「Well, I had sent the biggest obstacle for a trip to the future. This is a checkmate, right?」

Yuuki declared while sprouting a faint smile.

Hearing that, Milim sat down on the ground as if she was about to cry.

「Rimuru has…… Rimuru has disappeared……」

Ramiris was angry by the grieving mutters of Milim.

Without Ramiris herself being aware, her figure rapidly transformed into an adult――

「If it’s Rimuru, he will surely be okay! Let’s defeat him and quickly called Rimuru back here!」

Ramiris shouted.

Strength returned to Milim’s eyes as she heard those words.

「Yeah, you’re right. Let’s do it, Ramiris!」

「Yup!」

The two made their decision.

Milim stood up once more with renewed strength, even Gaia, who was on her shoulder, glared at Yuuki too.

Next to Milim stood Ramiris who had grown into a beautiful adult.

Her hair, which changed color to rainbow-colored, spread out wide as she focused her consciousness to activate the Primitive Magic that could modify the laws of the world.

As for the other people――

「Guess we’ve no other choice but to do it. He looks like an unbelievable beast, but it would be quite fun to go out seriously if this is our last after all.」

「Hehe, it’s really been a while, Guy. I won’t leave your side until the end.」

「Whew. Even though I especially got revived and wanted to see what the world was like now. Well, it can’t be helped as things turned out this way. Velgrind, if we survived, will you show me the world then?」

「Rudra, you idiot. Searching for your reincarnation is more important than the world. And also…… I think you should realize that you didn’t get revived, you know.」

「Kufufufufu. It’s impossible for Rimuru-sama to be defeated, but let’s hold the fort in his absence.」

「Yeah, Sensei might have some ulterior motive, but it won’t be useless if we defeat him.」

Each of them said their respective thoughts and altogether faced Yuuki.

Then, they unleashed their deadly attacks filled with their entire beings toward Yuuki.



――Everything was as Yuuki expected.

Right now, Yuuki could use all skills because of Origin Skill『Information Ruler Akashic Record』.

In other words, he could even devour energy completely using Gluttonous Lord Beelzebuth.

Yuuki sprouted a dark smile as the mass of energy enough to destroy the world was approaching in front of him.

* * *

[1] Xbox’s Note: "With ease" he says...

Guro: As smooth as a Slime he is. kek

Sierra’s Note: lol tru.

[2] 源流能力(オリジンスキル) Genryū Nōryoku (Orijin Sukiru). Source/Beginning/Origin/Primordial Ability.

[3] 情報之王(アカシックレコード) Jōhō no Ō (Akashikku Rekōdo). I chose Ruler because Akashic Records is more a thing than a being and Ruler is neutral I guess.

[4] Sierra’s Note: Getting Star Wars Emperor Palpatine vibes :3

[5] 時空跳激震覇(クロノサルテーション) Jikū Chō Gekishinha (Kurono Sarutēshon) Supreme Space-Time Leap Mega Quakes. Saltation (come from Latin word of saltus which mean leap), so in a sense, this can mean Time Leaping. Instead sending yourself through time, it send your target instead.

[6] Xbox’s Note: "Can I have some salt with this time please?"

Sierra’s Note: “Only after some Stellar Peppering”

Guro: “Hey guys, this didn't have anything to do with Salt and Pepper!! XD”

[7] 時空の果て Jikku no Hate. Edge of Time, Outskirts of Time and Space.

[8] 時間停止(タイムストップ) Jikan Teishi (Taimu Sutoppu). Stopped/Suspended/Frozen Time, Time Stop.

P.S. I regret changing from Turn Null cause Nihility/Nothingness Collapse take longer to type, do you guys want Turn Null back? XD





Chapter 248: Rimuru vs Yuuki –Last Part–


As I suspected, I imagined that it might be impossible for me to ever understand this idiot.

I can’t comprehend something like him wanting to destroy the world just because of the misfortunes he experienced when he was young.

Experiencing misfortunes and accidents, that isn’t exclusively just Yuuki’s story alone.

Not everyone lived happily; some people lived finely by overcoming their misfortunes.

If I were to say, I guess my life was a happy one, so if I was asked, I doubt that I can really understand the feelings of those with unhappy lives.

However, I can affirm that involving other people because of his own unhappiness is clearly wrong.

People are not created equal.

People might be able to treat each other as equal as much as they can within this world’s system, but it can’t be denied that there’s a difference in innate abilities.

If you think in that sense, a world where everyone in this world can equally enjoy peace and happiness, something like that can only exists in fantasy.

That’s why you wouldn’t be wrong if you called this world incomplete.

Even Velda, who tried to create a world completely tuned to his likings, could only be called a fool who can’t understand Veldanava’s ideals.

However, even beyond him, Yuuki, who thinks that it’s better to end and destroy everything, has a way of thinking that is too childish and immature.

He is a rash person and only supports his own ideas without taking any kind of responsibilities.

As I expected, Yuuki is a fool that I’m incompatible with.

The world was cruel, but it granted you everything.

That was the world that Veldanava had created.

He, who was alone in the empty space, couldn’t bear the solitude.

That was the reason why he created the world: in order to distract himself from the boredom[1].

Then, just as Veldanava wished for, life was born in this world, and beings began to act freely and asserted their Wills.

Finally, after a long time, humankind was born as a vessel for the soul with free will and high intellect.

Veldanava was thrilled.

For Veldanava, who had been bored with the world of emptiness, even just observing the activities of life was fun, but the activities of the creatures called human beings were even more stirring for him.

However, there was also a problem.

Humans who acquired intellect stimulated each other and took unpredictable actions.

If he left them unattended, they would immediately begin to fight against each other and would walk on the path of self-destruction.

Several other worlds were born, but he could see that all of them had similar tendencies.

Emotions were always the cause.

Emotions were something that had been given to them and was necessary to give people the stimulus to develop even further, but emotions that had grown unchecked tended to reject the opinions of others.

Different Ideas gave rise to various forms of justices, Veldanava pondered.

He decided to accept such phenomena were some necessary evils and the way of the world as a training ground for the soul.

If humans were to be controlled completely, conflicts would disappear.

However, they would lose the stimulus from emotions and the world would end up as a Dystopia, where people were all equal but without free will.

Such a world was not what Veldanava desired.

After that, he experimented many times and tried to develop humans into the direction that he hoped for.

The conditions in many of the Parallel Worlds minutely deviated from one another, which led them to achieve different evolutions.

Meanwhile, he carefully chose humans with matured souls and created Angels and Demons as the manager of the souls without a lifespan.

He constructed a system so that the souls circulated to all dimensions.

He restricted the managers so they wouldn’t cause excessive interference and appointed the role of the Observer[2] so that the foundation of the world wouldn’t be destroyed.

Those he appointed to be Observers were Guy, Ramiris, and Dino.

I didn’t seem to be able to see anything spiritual because the little amount of magic essence in my former world, but perhaps that world might have an Observer, too.

Oh well, not like that thing mattered to me now though.

Anyway, the construction of the system was completed.

The subjugation of the Giants and the likes that appeared irregularly was finished and the world had stabilized.

When all things began working smoothly, the Wheel of Fortune spun greatly.

By meeting Lucia, Veldanava learned what love was.

Then, they proved their love, and Lucia ended up pregnant with Milim.

At that time, Veldanava lost all of his powers, but I could deduce that was probably due to the compelling force of the world.

The reaction called Enforceability―― the constructed system had declared Lucia’s existence as harmful.

From the system’s standpoint, God’s love must be poured out to everyone equally.

However, Veldanava’s action of loving a specific individual seemed to have caused errors in the system.

As a result, the price paid in order to repair the system failure was Veldanava and Lucia’s life.

Velda’s thought to condemn the system that even destroyed its creator wasn’t irrational, at least from an emotional standpoint. However, what Velda wanted to do was something for pure self-satisfaction, which went against Veldanava’s intention.

After all, Veldanava loved this world and he wished for Milim, his daughter, to survive.

The proof of that desire was the fact he had sacrificed himself to the system.

――Even if it was said that he had lost all of his abilities, a story of him who was a god to be killed by humans would be a tall tale.

It was impossible for Velda to understand that.

So he cooperated with Yuuki and tried to destroy the world, I guess…… what a truly foolish story.

　　　　　　◇◇◇

I opened my eyes slightly.

I’m sure I had begun my final battle with Yuuki, and yet――

《You finally woke up?》

Oh! Ciel-san said something to me.

Where are we?

Also what happened to Veldora-san?

《This is the End of the World. It could also be referred to as the “End of Time and Space”. As for Veldora, he was isolated inside the『Imaginary Space』and completely protected, so please rest assured.》

I see. Veldora-san is alright.

Thank goodness….. Eh? This needlessly large and empty world is the “End of Time and Space”, she said?

Certainly, time doesn’t flow and is in a stopped state. I can’t sense the spread of space either…..

《Yes. In this world, the flow of time has stopped. The spread of space had ceased as well, and in accordance with the Law of Entropy[3], this world has arrived at nothingness.》

Has arrived? You are talking as if you have watched it?

《That’s right. We were hurled to beyond space and time due to Yuuki’s attack. The lifespan of the planet has already ended a long time ago, but the collapse of the world hasn’t yet been reached. From that I deduced, Yuuki probably couldn’t destroy the world itself yet. When he was at the phase where he destroyed the celestial bodies as well as the space-time continuum, I presume that Yuuki’s lifespan had come to an end. However, I can’t judge whether his wish was fulfilled or not. After that, we wandered around as we drifted in the space and I witnessed the end of this universe.》

――I can’t understand what Ciel-san is saying at all……

“I witnessed the end of the universe?” What is she talking about…..?

Rather, there’s no way we can be alive in a situation like that.

If you want to lie, come up with a more believable one――So I thought, but I remembered Ciel-san never lies.[4]

She deceives me sometimes, but she didn’t lie as I simply misunderstood――Or rather, she made me do so――That’s all of it.

That means this is really the end of the world!?

《Yes, that’s right. Then, I’ll get straight to the point, what will master do after this?》

What will I do?

《Because a long time has passed,『Turn Null』has accumulated an enormous amount of energy. Although Veldanava is said to have lost『Turn Null』by creating the world, there’s no problem since Rimuru-sama has『Imaginary Space』. Because『Imaginary Space』has an infinite capacity, it can’t be filled up. However, it has already been filled with enough energy that even recreating the world tens of thousands of times is possible. Additionally, it’s possible to reproduce the memories of those connected to Rimuru-sama and intentionally create a world that’s nearly identical from before. What will you do?[5]》

Huh……?

Ciel asked me as such, which made me speechless.

Yes, if this place was the “End of Time and Space”, that meant Benimaru, Shuna, my friends in Tempest, Diablo and the other Demons, Guy, Ramiris, Milim and the other Demon Lords, all the people that I loved, all of them didn’t exist anywhere in this world. I finally understood that.

In other words, I lost to Yuuki.

「Bullshit!! Damn it!!! Doesn’t this mean I completely lost to Yuuki!!」

《No, that’s incorrect. Yuuki couldn’t even destroy Rimuru-sama.》

But, I couldn’t protect those I loved.

Therefore, it’s meaningless. There’s no meaning if I’m the only who survived.

Even if I can recreate nearly the same memories and even if their DNA is exactly the same, can I really say that they are “them”?

Can I interact with them in the same way as always before if I created them with my own hands?

DAMN IT, SHIT!!

「Those things like that would just be fakes! No matter what the excuses are, I have lost to Yuuki……」

Rationally, Ciel seemed to think that I should create a new world without a heretic like Yuuki in it.

That certainly would be a good choice.

It could be said that there were no problems with that.

However, that wouldn’t satisfy my heart.

Reviving my dead friends as fakes just to heal my loneliness, she said!? I’d rather die than stoop so low as to do something like that.

I’m aware that I’m selfish.

However, that’s the reason why I couldn’t approve of creating a convenient world just for myself.

In a world like that, my whole existence itself will rot away and die.

I would rather proudly choose to bear the loneliness than cling to the past just to comfort myself.

《I knew it. I had expected that Rimuru-sama would answer like that》

I shouted in anger, but on the contrary, Ciel replied happily.

Then she continued her words

《Besides, you have not lost to Yuuki yet. You just have to go and defeat him now.》

Ciel-san casually said those words.

I just have to go and defeat him now? Does she mean to go back to the bygone past?

Can something like that be done……?

Chloe seemed to be able to read the memories of the future with Time Leap[6], but that was just an ability to return to your past self.

Besides, it couldn’t be activated while time was stopped.

Yuuki would carefully plan to block a way out like that by stopping time.

《No, there’s no problem. The『Teleportation』newly acquired from Mai was originally just a mere prototype of a different ability. The ability is not『The ability to move to a place you’ve visited』, but『The ability to transcend time and space to reach the location you desire』. For Rimuru-sama, who rules over time and space, such a thing as going across time is simple.》[7]

I was speechless.

So that was her reason, no wonder Ciel-san was calm even though I was angry.

From the beginning, she probably had anticipated everything that I desired.

「Alrighty then, let’s get into it and defeat that idiot immediately. You know it, don’t you? I don’t like losing, after all!」

《As you wish, my Lord.》

Ciel responded to my order.

Brief as usual, her response was stated matter-of-factly.

However, I just woke up a little while ago, but Ciel had been waiting for me to wake up for countless years.

An unconcealable joy seeped out from her voice as she responded to my order.

In order to not betray that feeling, I choose the world that I think is the right one.

I’m not going to lose anymore.

Well then, let’s end this quickly.

At the same time I thought so; I used Time Warp[8] and warped to the past.

　　　　　　◇◇◇

I instinctively knew that I warped to a different spot from before.

At the same time, I noticed that a mass of energy, that seemed to be able to destroy the world, was approaching toward my direction.

However, I didn’t panic and swallowed it whole in one gulp.

It was surprisingly delicious.

I seemed to have recovered the energy consumed by Time Warp.

「Who are you!?」

It was probably a surprised shout from Yuuki who stood behind me.

Even though I was planning to return at the same time as my disappearance, it seemed that just a little bit of time had passed.

Well, it could be said that I arrived at the perfect time. It couldn’t be called as calculation error, even if it was my first time using it.

In addition to my perfect timing, nobody seemed to be hurt.

「…… Rimuru, is that you?」

A beautiful woman with rainbow-colored hair timidly asked me.

Back at ya, who are you!? I was about to say that impulsively.

However, I realized that person might be Ramiris from her atmosphere and slightly foolish look.

「Ramiris, is that you? You’ve grown up?」

「Geeeee!!! Stupid stupid stupid stupiddddd!! You made us so worried, you know!!」

「Tha-that’s right! To hide just to scare us, there’s a limit for a prank. Even I believed that you had been hurled to the future since your presence had completely gone from the world, you know!!」

「You easily went and nullified our greatest attacks…… Besides, what with that appearance? Haven’t you also grown up??」

Although not much time had passed, my disappearance seemed to have caused them to be worried.

And apparently, the energy that I had eaten just now seemed to be full power attacks unleashed by Guy and everyone else toward Yuuki. I felt I did a bad thing, but I didn’t think it was a big deal since their attacks of that level would only strengthen Yuuki anyway.

More importantly...

What does Guy mean about my appearance?

I thought so and looked at my own appearance, and it seemed my appearance grew into that of an adult.

However, since I have neither breasts nor a ‘son’, I would have to say this change has no meaning.

Ciel-san seems to have continued to create energy the whole time, so I guess this might be the effect of that.

「Oh well, don't sweat the small stuff. The fight isn’t over yet, and I’ll put an end to Yuuki. So, you guys just need to wait for a bit.」

I said so and turned to face Yuuki.

Without saying anything, Guy sheathed his sword and folded his hands.

「Guy?」

「No matter how you look at it, I don’t think that Rimuru will lose. This is surely a checkmate.」

Guy answered while shrugging his shoulders to Ramiris whose sight directed on him.

「Like I said before, saying something like that is a flag…… But, there seems to be no room for a flag in that…...」

Ramiris muttered so.

Afterwards, she murmured in a small voice “Even though I have returned to my long-awaited original form…… This is completely meaningless, isn’t it?” and looked a bit pitiful. It seemed I had to cheer her up later.

Diablo looked very pleased, as if to say that it was natural for him to believe I would return. He looked at me with an ecstatic expression, but I wonder if I could return to my former form without any problem? I was a little bit worried.

Chloe looked like she was about to cry, but just like Guy, she sheathed her sword and began to watch me. I guess they put their trust in me. Leave it to me! I won’t let you guys down.

I received everyone’s feelings on my back and pointed my katana at Yuuki.

「Well, let’s finish this. I have accompanied you in your foolish game for some time. But it’s time for the game to end, don’t you think?」

「I-Impossible!? Rimuru-san, I should have sent you to the “End of Time and Space” without fail!!」

Yuuki began to shout with bloodshot eyes, as if he didn’t want to accept it.

I could understand that feeling.

However, he just faced the wrong opponent.

If he fought someone else other than me, his eyes might have looked triumphant..

「Yeah, you’ve sent me there. I fell for your plan because my partner was engrossed in the analysis of the Primitive Magic. Oh well, your plan was very impressive, but, unfortunately, it’s useless against me.」

I told Yuuki that as if it was nothing.

《It upsets me that you said it’s my fault you fell into his plan. However, it’s true that I had interest in Primitive Magic. It’s vexing, but I can’t refute it.》

Ciel-san was upset as if she was displeased with something I said, but I decided to ignore her.

Mainly, it was because I didn’t say anything wrong.

「It-it can’t be…… Time Leap……? Moreover, its perfected form, to the place you desired…… even from the “End of Time and Space”……? Impossible…… A person, a person who can do something absurd like that should’ve not existed…… This is, doesn’t this make you just like a Supreme Deity[9]――」

Yuuki kept on muttering like that.

I could see from his appearance that he absolutely wouldn’t accept the reality.

Then――

Suddenly, he came slashing toward me, with all his power in his sword.

I didn’t dodge his slash, but quietly thrust my left hand forward and stopped his sword.

The blade, which he swung down at an extreme speed, was caught between my thumb and index finger, and its momentum stopped completely.

I glanced at the shocked Yuuki and delivered a light kick to him.

Having received a kick directly, Yuuki lost his grips on his sword―― Veldanava Sword—— and was blown away.

He would survive, but he would lose the majority of his fighting strength.

That’s because I extracted the negative energy from『Turn Null』that jammed life support and merged it into my kick.

After having a fit of violent coughs, Yuuki looked up to me with a dumbfounded expression.

「YOU, WHO THE HELL ARE YOU――――!?」

Yuuki shouted at me with the emotions of shock and agitation.

As I heard him, I laughed.

Yuuki’s silliness is too damn funny.

Yuuki is too ignorant to a fault, I can only laugh.

Mikami Satoru.

Rimuru Tempest.

――Or perhaps I can even be called Veldanava?

Me? Who am I?

Isn’t that obvious!

My name is――――――――

A flash.

A torrent of dazzling lights filled the surroundings.

Then, an ominous dark-colored demonic aura poured out from my body as if to swallow the lights.

The torrent of lights gently wrapped Ramiris, Milim and my other friends. The lights healed all their injuries and protected everyone from the ominous dark-colored demonic aura.

As for those who weren’t protected by the lights――Speaking of Yuuki…...

「Stop, go away! The world, I’ll――」

Yuuki seemed to have resisted it with everything he had, but his body was eroded away without him able to do anything to stop it.

「Give up.You've gone too far, Yuuki. If you do bad things, you’ll need to reflect on your actions, right? At least, you should repent about it. Repent for your foolishness and immaturity while inside my『Imaginary Space』. That’s all I allow you to do.」

I emotionlessly declared.

Yuuki was trying to struggle until the end, but everything ended in vain.

It seemed he had transferred all of his abilities to Veldanava Sword, I guessed there was nothing he could do now.

――No! Don’t lock me in here. This is, like this I’ll……

――Yuuki, you’re really being a problem child[10] until the end, you know, I wonder if this is because I couldn’t guide you completely?

――Sensei……? I… I see….. Sensei is also in here……

――Yes, I am. I’ll also reflect together with you. I’ll never abandon you.

――I understand. Just where did I go――

With those words as his last, Yuuki’s consciousness completely disappeared.

I closed the『Imaginary Space』.

Escaping from it was impossible until I died――Or, even after I died――he would never be freed.

In the first place, I doubt I still have a lifespan……

However, the one who conversed with Yuuki at the end was――

If so, this was not a punishment for him, this might be an unexpected salvation for Yuuki.

I thought like that, as if I was immersing myself in sentiments.

Thus, the final battle was over with my victory.

* * *

[1] Sierra: No internet to keep him busy. Poor Veldanava!

Xbox : All he needed was a pen pal...

[2] 監視者 Kanshisha, Guardian/Watcher. The same term that Dino used to refer to himself in Chapter 187.

[3] The second law of thermodynamics (the entropy law or law of entropy) was formulated in the middle of the 19th century by Rudolf Clausius and William Thomson following the French physicist Sadi Carnot’s earlier observation that, like the fall or flow of a stream that turns a mill wheel, it is the "fall" or flow of heat from higher to lower temperatures that motivates a steam engine. The key insight was that the world is inherently active, and that whenever an energy distribution is out of equilibrium a potential or thermodynamic "force" (the gradient of a potential) exists that the world acts spontaneously to dissipate or minimize. All real-world change or dynamics is seen to follow, or be motivated, by this law. So whereas the first law expresses that which remains the same, or is time-symmetric, in all real-world processes the second law expresses that which changes and motivates the change, the fundamental time-asymmetry, in all real-world process.

Guro: I’m not a Physicist, I just found it in internet.

Xbox: This law's influence on the end of the universe is still being heavily debated. The death by entropy theory never accounted for dark matter and dark energy. There is actually new evidence showing that the universe expansion acceleration theory isn't actually correct. Stephen Hawkins along with many other astrophysicists starting pushing the cyclic universe theory as this theory actually accounts for dark matter and dark energy.

[4] Sierra: Fuse-sensei. Once, just once, have Ciel play a prank on Rimuru

Poulay: Raphael did it when he said rimuru would die if he took a hit from Hinata just to take an ability.

Guro: I wonder if Rimuru considers Ciel and Raphael as separate entity……

[5] Sierra: Is this a text adventure?

Xbox: The essence of role-playing! Dungeons and Dragons anyone?

[6] 時間跳躍(タイムリープ) Jikan Chōyaku (Time Rīpu). Chouyaku here means Leap.

[7] Sierra: Oh shit. He's done it. Slime boy is now officially unbeatable.

[8] 時間跳躍(タイムワープ) Jikan Chōyaku (Taimu Wāpu). Chouyaku here means Warp.

[9] 超越神 Chousetsujin. Lit. mean Transcendental God/Deity, but I feel transcendental lacked a bit to show how awesome Rimuru became, so I thought of using Supreme Deity/God, which would mean a God/Deity who’s above everything (People and limitations) else in the all world (The Highest). Alternative; A God/Deity who transcends all.

[10] 手のかかる子 Tenokakaruko. Difficult/Troublesome/Handful/Problematic Child.

Sierra: Problem children really DO come from another world, don't they? Anyone get the reference?

P.S. I changed Nihility/Nothingness Collapse back to Turn Null cause it's shorter and easier to type. Xd Tehee





Epilogue: Regarding Reincarnated――


A year has passed since my fight with Yuuki.

A lot of things happened after that.

Yep, whole lotta things happened.

It was very hard to recall everything.

Velda’s defeat by my hands was broadcasted all over the world.

My figure was projected over the skies of each country with Optical Magic which was the application of Observation Magic.[1]

Then, the global crisis was declared over in my name.

The world was filled with great joy and the unprecedented chaos gradually ceased.

Needless to say, the one who helped with that were the citizens of Tempest.

Anyway, with that, the world finally regained its former peace.

………

……

…

After I defeated Yuuki, I released Veldora.

When freed, he went,

「Kuaaaah, I slept so well. It’s finally my turn, right?!」

And blurted out something like that.

Even though he had been isolated from the outside world inside the『Imaginary Space』, it could be said that his statement came about because he couldn’t really read the situation.

The price he had to pay for that was very high.

It can’t be helped that he got caught by his two older sisters and was being punished appropriately.

Nonetheless, his two sisters――Velzard and Velgrind—— their interest quickly changed towards Velgaia, the new “True Dragon” on Milim’s shoulder.

It could be said that he was saved by that, but since he got neglected by his sisters because of that, Veldora totally got what he deserved.

「Grrrr…… That Gaia……」

So, it was my job to cheer up Veldora who was jealous of his little brother (?). Just between you and me, it was very troublesome.[2]

Oh well, with all that said, Veldora was still the same as he always was.

Our relationship of him spreading nuisances everywhere and me dealing with them somehow would continue, even after this.

The thought made me feel happy, but that was kept as a secret from Veldora.

Why, you ask?

Well, it’s obvious that he would get cocky if I ended up saying that.

Just like how our relationship wouldn’t change from now on, that much goes without saying.

　　　　◇◇◇

Speaking of Veldora’s sisters, Velgrind had left on a journey immediately.

She probably went to search for Rudra’s reincarnation.

「Rimuru, do you have a clue or anything about it?」

「Ehh!? No-nope... I don’t know anything!?」

She suddenly asked me before she left, but I splendidly brushed it off.

I didn’t stutter a little because her appearance of tormenting Veldora was scary or anything.

I just got a little bit nervous because the impactful face of a beautiful woman got closer to mine.

……No, it’s true.

Actually, I had a suspect in mind.

However, if I gave out his name here, it would appear as if I yielded to Velgrind.

Besides, I felt a bit bad about selling him out.

We finally got our peace, so I thought that it was okay for him to enjoy his happy time for a bit longer.

……But, my considerations aside, he seems to have been found by Velgrind quickly later.

I prayed for him to have good fortune while thinking, “You have my condolences”.

――After that, the tale of a Hero who carried a talking sword, and was accompanied by a Dragon and a Demon raises its curtain, but it’s a story that has no connection to me.

　　　　　　◇◇◇

Velzard returned along with Guy to the northern continent.

It seemed they built a paradise of demons in the coldest land, where people couldn’t interfere.

Their castle had completely collapsed, but Velzard said they recreated it with Guy’s ability.

Based on the experience of the final decisive battle, it seemed Guy had acquired Ultimate Skill『Abyss God Nodens[3]』by evolving Ultimate Skill『Prideful Lord Lucifer』.

This skill seemed to even include Gaia’s『All Creation Embodiment』and became a truly almighty skill.

It seems Guy attempted Skill Evolution while trying to process Rudra’s rampaging energy.

He appeared to be dissatisfied about the last battle since he couldn’t use this skill due to my well-timed appearance.

He didn’t try to hide his dissatisfaction, so I asked him directly about it.

「I don’t plan to fight with you. My principle is ‘don’t start a fight that you can’t win,’ after all.」

Those were the words that he said then.

I didn’t know whether it was his true feelings or not, but since I didn’t want to fight with Guy either, it was just what I was hoping for.

At least, I felt the indication that if Guy was serious, he might be able to fight against Yuuki on equal terms or more.

I didn’t think that I would lose with how I am now, but I would rather not get myself injured because of such pride.

Since there was no reason to fight, so it would be best if we could get along with each other.

Guy was also a battle freak to some extent, so let’s just assume that he wouldn’t challenge me unnecessarily.

Despite saying something like that, I would fight against Guy several times after this, but let’s talk about that another time.

　　　　　　◇◇◇

The Heaven was decided to be Milim’s territory.

With Gaia’s『All Creation Embodiment』, the castle and the Heaven Gate that were broken in our fight were restored.

The citizens from the former demon lord territories that Milim ruled were migrating to it one after another.

The Harpies led by Frey and the Lycanthropes led by Karion were a part of that.

Not only that, but the Heavenly Demons[4] who were following Dino now were also included.

Regarding the Heavenly Demons, is it really okay for me to say they are a new race born from the incarnated Angels being altered?

In the first place, it’s said that the Harpies and the Tengus are derived from angels who fell down to demonic attribute, so it can’t be taken as the only rule.

Even Dino’s race is called a Fallen[5] as he fell when he was an Angel.

Since Angels in the truest sense didn’t have a physical body, they could only act in Heaven. And so, Milim’s main force consisted of the three races: Heavenly Demons, Harpies and Lycanthropes.

It had been decided that there would be cultural exchanges with Heaven, as it was in secret relationship with the Monster Country Tempest, so the trial tests for new technologies were arranged to be conducted there.

It was obvious that the development of science here would be different from my former world since magic essence existed in this world, which could be converted directly into energy.

The research and development would be conducted inside the labyrinth as usual, but Heaven would be the first to implement the finished technology.

Then, the technology would be perfected based on the obtained data and planned to be utilized in Tempest.

Naturally, things based on physical technology and magical technology would be sent back to the Dwargon Kingdom and Sorcery Dynasty Sarion first, respectively.

In this way, while upholding each country’s uniqueness, we would be leaking the older technology to the Western Countries.

It goes without saying that the high technical fees[6] will enter my pocket.

Speaking of Milim, she was the same as usual…… She frequently came to my place to play behind Frey’s back.

Oh well, I also played together with her――No, no, I was taking a breather, so I didn’t have any complaint.

Dino also came along under the pretext as Milim’s escort, but I had no doubt that his intention was to slack off and eating confections.

Anyway, as Frey appeared at the moment our play was over, both Milim and Dino’s faces turned pale as if they were in sync.

Seemed to me that both master and servant had no motivation to work, but is Heaven going to be alright?

Well, as long as the worrywart Frey there, Heaven would manage somehow.

　　　　　　◇◇◇

Speaking about Milim made me remember something. There’s one problem...

Recently, it seems that Shuna, Shion, and Milim are competing intensely against one another while I’m away.

Souei implicitly reported it to me, that they are in a holy war (Jihad)[7] concerning who gets to be my legal wife.

What the hell? I was amazed by this, but it also gave me a headache.[8]

To begin with, I don’t have a “son”, and marriage is unnecessary since I don’t have a lifespan.

How should I put it, I only have a hunch of what caused the fight.

Chloe.

Chloe was emotionally attached to me and said「Sensei is (my only) Sensei!」, so I thought she was genuinely cute.

「It’s not fair! I’m Rimuru’s bestie, so I’m the number one!」

「You’re just deceiving yourself with that! If you say it that way, then I am the only secretary of Rimuru-sama!」

「Chloe――She seems to be quite the tactician. Even better than I expected…... She is the opponent that I should be most wary against, not meatheads like Milim-sama and Shion……」

The three people came rushing while I was relaxing and having a cup of tea with Chloe.

Then, the noisy time began, just as usual.

Since this has also gradually become an everyday affair, it might be better for me to think about the solution for this soon.

Besides, once I acknowledge a legal life, I feel they will start proposing themselves as concubines, right? No, no, let’s stop thinking about such a thing.

It’s something too troublesome for me after all.

《Fufufu, Master’s partner (Legal Wife) is me[9]――》

I felt I heard something, but it seems I better stop thinking about it too deeply.

Just as usual, I promptly decided to postpone the problem.

　　　　　　◇◇◇

The Monster Country Tempest also changed dramatically.

After the executives led by Benimaru and the hobgoblins under Rigurdo were commended for their deeds, we began the reconstruction of the city.

The town was rebuilt in the blink of an eye by the combat engineers under Gerudo.

The re-establishment of the city which surround the Labyrinth was easily finished by Ramiris.

The adventurers also cooperated and the Empire’s soldiers were mobilized.

What about their salaries? That was not my concern.

Myormille-kun came clinging onto me and said「Rimuru-sama~~~」in a crying voice, but I warmly cheered him up with「Do your best! You can do it!!」so he would be fine .

It seemed that he was being consoled by Rigurdo, who patted his shoulder, but more than anything they were getting along with each other.

However, thanks to his hard work, Tempest was reborn as an unparalleled super-futuristic city.

I came up with ideas without restraint and Gerudo made them all real.

The new inventions under his research were put to practical use and implemented freely.

Some of them were adopted without even waiting for the trial run in Heaven.

The futuristic remodeling had been completed splendidly while leaving the tourist destination areas like Onsen District aside.

To be honest, I suspected that they wouldn’t intentionally empty the above-ground areas.

Multiple Defensive Barriers were actualized by a large-scale magic circles.

The distribution channels inside the city were connected together by Transfer Devices.

Because Transfer magic circles were set up at each area, traveling inside the city became smooth.

The skyscrapers crowding around the city center were efficiently positioned so that the sunlight hit the ground below.

In the vicinity, the citizens’ residential spaces spread out in harmony with the forest.

It was the completion of a fantastic city that even have a soothing area.

Because magic harmonized with science, it was possible to achieve high-convenience technology that was centuries ahead of the world’s time.

Naturally, work for the exchanges with the other countries was also piling up.

The installation of the Transit Gates was urgent, but the railway networks needed to be established for usage in conjunction with the gates.

With that in mind, we decided to deploy magic essence-powered trains as transportation networks to each city.

By putting together various refined magic techniques, the train could now be operated at the speed of exceeding 300 km/h[10] without leaking any shock or noise to the surrounding areas.

The laying of the railway tracks was done by the Empire’s soldiers.

From the Western Countries, Dwarf Kingdom, Sorcery Dynasty Sarion to the former demon lords’ territories, the transportation network with the countries around Tempest was also advancing at a rapid pace.

Between the Dwarf Kingdom and the Empire, it was decided for the railway tracks to be created and set up by the dwarves.

By the way, the former demon lords’ territories were still untouched after Milim faction left.

The territories were rich lands and had abundant resources.

Regarding the future management, I think I will decide after consulting with the rulers of each country.

These developments would be achieved over ten years as a national project.

Nobody opposed it.

Just by proposing the project in my name, all countries willingly offered their cooperation.

As expected, the title of the Great Demon Lord who saved the world was not just for show.

Due to the introduction of new technologies, it was predicted that a large amount of unemployed people would appear. There would not be any reason to call it bad since it would also give those people new jobs.

Instead, for those who had foreseen the future, they might realize that the establishment of these transportation networks would give nothing but merits.

In the future, those who hold information hold all the cards.

I decided to not hold back, and any obstructing people were gone too.

Then, the speed at which the implementation of the new technology derived from the Monster Country Tempest would surely become a card to be ahead of the other countries.

Economic warfare was very difficult that even made me consider something like a honest and straight war looked ridiculously easy in comparison.

Information and citizens’ efforts were what supported a country.

If each person didn’t do their part, the level of that country’s living standards would remain low, and the disparity would widen tremendously――That was what shown from Ciel-san’s future prospects.

How should I put it, it can be interpreted that I’m trying to effectively rule the world with economic and technological strength...

No, no, I might be just overthinking it.

Although I said that I won’t hold back, I didn’t say anything such as ‘I want to take over the world!’ or something alike.

It would be good if everyone worked hard and made the world a better place from now on.

　　　　　　◇◇◇

I decided to establish two new cities in the Great Jura Forest.

Both were currently under construction of the critically acclaimed construction forces.

One was a mining city where the High Orcs resided, and the other was a city on the water where the Lizardmen resided.

High-quality ores were yielded from the mining city.

The produced ores would then be transported to the central city of Tempest.[11]

The city on the water would be a metropolis floating in the middle of Lake Shisu[12] and was planned to serve as a maintenance dockyard for the airships.

There was a workshop in Tempest, but there was no space to store large quantities of ships there.

Since Lake Shisu was vast, we could float as many ships as we wanted on the lake.

Tempest was governed by Rigurdo as the Prime Minister.

The mining city would be run by Gerudo and the city on water would be run by Gabil. The two of them would become kings and govern each tribe respectively.

I was a bit worried about Gabil, but he had grown up ever since he reconciled with Abil.

He was no longer the Gabil from the past, so there would be no problem.

Thus, a system that runs without my involvement will be smoothly built.

　　　　　　◇◇◇

As for “Otherworlders” discovered around the world, they safely came under my protection now.

Those who chose to live in this world were sent to the “Academy” in the Ingrassia Kingdom, and would be educated with this world’s common sense, combat techniques, and other stuff.

After graduation, they would be free, and they were also provided with options to work at important institutions in many countries if they desired to do so.

For those who wished to go back, they would join the “Otherworld Dealings Research Department[13]” with Mai who took the initiative in the research.

Actually, I could return them back to their original world.

However, I felt it was somewhat wrong to send everyone back to their hometowns like doing a philanthropic work.

Moreover, I could confirm that there were several other worlds so I couldn’t group them all together with “Otherworlders”.

Some of them might come from a different otherworld than mine.

I would provide them with information. Basically, I want them to work hard themselves to discover the method to transfer across dimension―― Inter-Dimensional Navigation[14].

For that reason, their strong wills of wanting to go back would become the largest motivation, stronger than anything else.

I think that I should send them back secretly if their hard work seems to be useless after several years, but…… that may be unnecessary since I have a hunch that they will accomplish their goal.

Their effort eventually bore fruit and the Inter-Dimensional Navigation was developed.

Then――

With interactions across dimensions, a new story begins.

　　　　　　◇◇◇

Ramiris was angry.

「Even though I was planning to do a great achievement, I’ll have to stay as a kid for thousands of years again, won’t I!!」

She complained to me.

Even if she said something like that, my honest impression would be “I dunno”.

Trainee-san and the others looked full of regret since they couldn’t witness Ramiris’ glorious appearance.

But, just for a few years in every several thousands of years? It's weird that she can only assume her adult form for such a short period of time.

She said that she was awakened forcibly this time, so she needs to start over from the scratch again or something like that.

「Oh well, isn’t this good? A kid can play freely and you won’t want to be assigned with unpleasant works like Milim, right?」

「Well, I suppose so. My favorite research turns into my work and this place is the best so……」

「Right? In the first place, you don’t have anything you wanted to do after becoming an adult, right?」

「Hmm, now that you mention it…...」

Oh well, there was such a conversation, but after that, she went back to her usual cheerful self.

It seemed Ramiris just wanted to show me her adult form, so her anger dissipated quickly.

As for the labyrinth, its difficulty had risen so high that, without a doubt, it would be impossible for humans to capture it.

It would be difficult for them even if they armed themselves with cutting-edge combat weapons such as Mobile Weapons[15] or Magitek Weapons[16].

The lower floors were starting to become testing sites for new weapons.

So, I decided to issue a passport to the City of Elves for those who managed to pass through the 50th floor.

Otherwise, the high-class soothing area would become completely pointless.

We and the royalty from other countries were using the city as VIP facilities, but it would feel secluded if the city was only used for that.

Apart from that, the labyrinth group led by Ramiris and Zegion would increase their power more and more from now.

………

……

…

Oh well, it was such a hectic year.

Looking back at it, it’s a very meaningful time.

However, as things here gradually calmed down, I guess I’ll go to deal with one of my regrets.

　　　　　　◇◇◇

Skyscrapers are lining in a row.

The surroundings are filled with clamors of shrieks and shouts.

The sounds of the siren coming from the police car can be heard in the distance.

It was nostalgic scenery that made me feel dizzy.

「Senpai, Senpai!? Please hang in there, Senpaiーーーー!!」

A young man is crying and screaming at the nice guy who collapses after getting stabbed in his arms with a woman looking at them sadly.

They are Tamura and Sawatari-san.

These guys, they really haven’t changed――oh well, they haven’t changed is not surprising.

I approached Tamura and tapped his shoulder.

「Move aside for a bit, Tamura」

「!? Who… are you……? How did you know my name――」

「Don’t sweat it. You are being a meticulous guy as usual.」

He turned around to complain towards me, but he was speechless due to my excessively pretty face. Right?

I thought “Sawatari-san would get angry, you know.”, but I held back from saying that.

I pushed Tamura aside and held the pseudo core I took out from my pocket up over the corpse of the nice guy.

Well then...

Since the corpse and the pseudo core fused smoothly, all that’s left to do is to transfer my『Multiple Parallel Existence[17]』into it and I’m done.

Oh, I forgot.

Human body feels pain so I’ll need to heal it properly.

With that in mind, I took out a healing potion from my pocket and poured down its content on the corpse.

I saw the wound healed instantly and was convinced that the effect of potion was working even on this side.

If the potion didn’t heal the corpse, I thought that it was a bit troublesome since I had to heal the corpse by swallowing it first.

The fact that the healing potion was working really saved me.

The preparations are complete with this.

I focused my consciousness and transferred my『Multiple Parallel Existence』to the pseudo core.

《Successful. It seems skills can be activated without any problem even on this side.》

Hmmm, thank goodness.

It seems I have succeeded in transferring my split consciousness to the nice guy――in other words, my body in my original world.

Well then, let’s leave this place immediately before I――Mikami Satoru――wake up.

「Who on earth are you…..」

「Ah, Tamura. From now on, respect your Senpai properly and don’t think of trying to show off, okay? Also, I will take care of the PC myself so that request is cancelled!」

「Ehh!?」

I smiled to Tamura whose expression is mixed with confusion and shock, and then I leave the place.

There’s no need for me to say more than that.

I――Mikami Satoru――would explains the rest to him.

………

……

…

I woke up

On a hospital bed in my nostalgic original world.

Inside a very familiar male body that had been together with me for 37 years.

I gently confirmed the presence of my “son” which was in good health.

‘Thank goodness!’ I think so from the bottom of my heart.

However, I was a bit worried about whether I could still use it or not.

“Eh, it’s not like you gonna ever use it anyway?” You bastard, I will beat you to death!!

To make sure it’s usable at any time, that’s the proper manners.

After all, preparation is important.

Oh well, leaving those aside.

Things that happened till now were not a dream, right?

“I saw a dream because the shock of getting stabbed” or something like that, please spare me from the “It was all a dream” ending[18]……

If every hardship I felt was a mere daydream, I couldn’t laugh even if I want to.

However, seeing how peaceful the dream is, I may actually believe that if I were told that it was a dream and not a joke.

「Ah, Senpai! You woke up?」

「…… Tamura, is that you? Is this the hospital?」

「Yes. The police came until a while ago, but it seems they have returned after the doctor told them that you should be resting just in case.」

「Police……? Why……」

「Please calm down. Senpai, do you remember you almost got stabbed by a Slasher[19]? The police came to ask you for eyewitness testimony about that Slasher.」

「Oh, I see…… Then, I really didn’t get stabbed?」

Huh? Was all of it seriously just a dream?

If I only fainted without getting stabbed, the possibility that everything was really a daydream is ――

「――Actually, you see, I don’t think you will believe me, but…... A mysterious woman――also, she was a spectacular and beautiful woman who can easily beat any model or celebrity――had brought Senpai back to life. Well, I guess it can’t be helped even if you laugh and say ‘What are you talking about’ at me, but what I’m saying is true! As the proof, please look at that!」

Tamura answered my question.

Looking at what he pointed, I see my suit which was hanging on the wall with a small tear in the back and stained with the dark red color of blood around it.

It seems for sure that I have bled out quite a bit..

So that means, as I expected, everything was not a dream and I could understand that I got pranked by the mischievous me――Rimuru.

That bastard――even though I say that, he’s me though――He went and make even me a target of his prank……

「I knew it, it’s unbelievable, right?」

「No, I believe you, Tamura. Also, it seems the police are going on a fool’s errand. After all――」

「Eh?」

「No, it’s nothing.」

He would not believe me even if I say it.

I can forgive the culprit who killed me, but Diablo can’t.

By now, the culprit should be regretting that he was even born due to Diablo’s Endless Pains[20].

Since it’s pointless even if I say it, I decided to dodge the question with a smile.

「By the way, Tamura――Would you believe me If I told you that I went to another world after I died?」

Tamura had a puzzled expression for a moment due to my whisper.

He probably thought something like “What are you talking about, Senpai?”

“I guess that the normal reaction.” so I thought, but――

「I would believe you, Senpai. I had seen something unbelievable and I felt that woman was strangely Senpai-like. Now that I think about it, “That person was Senpai, isn’t she?” or things like that. I even thought of such silly stuff like that, you see.」

「I see. Then, I can talk about it to you, but do you want to hear it?」

I asked him while smiling slightly and Tamura replied while also smiling.

「Yes, please.」

So was his answer.

I see……

Well then, let’s talk about it.

――About my『Regarding Reincarnated to Slime[21]』――

THE END

* * *

Author’s Note:



Thank you very much for your support in such a long time!

It would be great if everyone kept reading either the Extra Chapters or the book/LN version after this.

* * *

[1] I personally think this like in Realist Hero, TV-like screen floating on the sky. It can be 3d appearance of Rimuru too.

[2] Sierra: Just give him a special manga or something.

Xbox: Either that or a new game.

[3] 深淵之神(ノーデンス) Shin'en no Kami (Nōdensu). A Celtic Deity which also a fictional character in the Cthulhu Mythos (Based on the Celtic Deity).

[4] 天魔族(エンジェル) Tenmazoku (Enjeru). Heavenly/Sky/Celestial Demon/Monster/Demonic Race with the reading of Angel. They still angel in a sense, just with their race and status changed.

[5] 堕天族(フォールン) Datenzoku (Fōrun). Fallen Race. I think when this first appear I just translate it as Fallen Angel.

[6] TAXESSSSSS

[7] 聖戦(ジハード) Seisen (Jihado).

[8] Sierra: After dying a virgin, he has girls fighting each other to be with him. Can I die too?

Xbox: Only if you are willing to accept a knife to the back...

[9] Sierra: YESSSS!!! Ciel is best waifu (after Rimuru)!

Xbox: ...Are you saying Rimuru is his own wife?

Sierra: Yes?

Guro: Well Ciel is a separate individual from Rimuru, I don’t see the problem here... lol.

[10] About 186 mph.

[11] In the WN, Rimuru rejected the name Rimuru City (which in the LN, ppl just keeps calling the city with Rimuru so he yielded and accepted it) and insisted the name Tempest, so both Rimuru’s country and the first city both share the same name.

[12] シス湖 Shisuko. Alternative names are Lake Sith/Cis/Sis/Seis/Saez. I think Shisu is how Clown-san translated it before.

[13] 異世界交流調査部門 Isekai Kōryū Chōsa Bumon. Kōryū means Exchange/Relations/Interaction/Dealings, Chōsa means Investigation/Inquiry/Research, Bumon means Division/Section/Group/Department. Isekai is… everyone already know very well about it.

[14] 次元間航法 Jigen-kan Kōhō. Kōhō can also mean sailing.

[15] 機動兵器 Kidō Heiki. I almost want to call this Mobile Suit kek. It’s a term used in Gundam Series, this term includes Tank, Aircraft, Mobile Suit, Mobile Armor etc. Any moving vehicle with guns and stuff I guess.

[16] 魔導兵器 Madō Heiki. The term Madō would mean Sorcery, but in Final Fantasy Series, Madō is translated as Magitek. Alt for Madō is magical technology. Technology powered by magic XD. Magitek Armour in FF is called with this too.

[17] 多重並列存在 Tajuu Heiretsu Sonzai. Combined version of Multiple and Parallel, now Rimuru can be anywhere and in anyworld.

[18] https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/AllJustADream

[19] 通り魔 Toorima. A random attacker (Someone who attacks people on the street) Slasher (Someone who wantonly attacks/kills people with any blade i.e. knife, razor and etc.).

[20] 無限の責苦 Mugen no Semeku. Infinite Torture, Eternal Pains, Neverending Torture.

[21] Title Drop.





Credits





Translator: Clown / Guro / Lion Mask





Epub: Estevam / dotNOVEL





