4 # 4

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the fourth installment of the fourth installment.

"Hmm..."

When I moved my body with a short breath, I felt very light compared to the beginning.

Wouldn't everyone be shocked if the prince, who had been lying in bed in a coma for more than six years, moves like this?

Of course, my bones were damaged and my muscles were almost gone, so I wouldn't be able to recover easily even if I had a priest's little recovery magic.

Moreover, most of the priests who come to treat each time are from Queen Lynes, so they have no will to recover properly.

Yes, to be honest with you, this palace was a very vulgar place.

As the queen wanted to kill the prince, there was no family affection in the first place.

In the past, we're still family, but we're partners who have to live together. He thought so and approached himself and trusted them.

It doesn't take much time to show that it's a stupid idea.

Life on Earth, the first life, and life here, the second life, were different.

Family affection in this country, where people who sell their children and use them as a tool for political marriage are taken for granted?

It would mean giving a dog.

Of course, not all aristocrats will.

In fact, Queen Linnaeus was a woman who cared as much as my own son.

But what if the blood didn't mix?

What if he's a child who's in the way of his bloody son?

Queen Linnaeus was not exactly my biological mother.

a man of distinct blood

My mother, who was originally in the throne of the Queen, was murdered by poisoning about five years after I was born here.

The criminal could not be caught and his mother's death ended in an attempted murder.

Since then, it has been Queen Lynes who took over her mother's place.

She was an ambitious woman who wanted to push me, the son of the former queen, and push his son to be the next king.

Of course, she was also a woman with such a powerful back.

Currently, the Kingdom of Loun is the most powerful kingdom, with the Duke of Barieta at its center.

Queen Linnes was born to none other than the Duke of Barieta.

It's a fact that the two of them are in sync unless they're idiots.

In the meantime, my life has been quite monotonous.

Manna, divine power, and commander Manna were moved to increase the recovery and exercise in spare moments to restore the body.

And she tried to recover quickly by eating all the meals she brought.

The recovery magic applied with divine power shows a great speed of recovery, and for me, who has learned the knowledge of the commander who has studied the human body and medical science from the Hippocryan of God, recovery was virtually no difficult task.

In the process, I've been forgetting the budget allocated to the prince's palace because I've improved my appetite so much, but it's my money anyway, so who can say anything?

"I'm sure you're already taking away more than half of the money that comes in."

Just looking at the situation of the royal palace right now, it was like that.

Who would think this place is the palace of Prince I?

The marble floor is crisscrossed and the weeds that have not been arranged between them are even sticking out.

Frankly speaking, compared to other places in the royal palace, the house is practically deserted.

The king's appearance is a face of the prince, which is very unfavorable to my image and position if left in this state, but it was a long way from changing all the already half-eaten crops.

Therefore, recovery was important.

No matter what I try to do, I need to be healthy.

Revenge for the second and third princes that left me in a coma or for Queen Linnes, who is believed to have killed my mother.

the leeway of being a strong man

"Ha..."

When sweat poured down from all over my body due to the excessive movement, I raised my hands without saying a word and sang a lightly.

"Clean."

With a short murmur, water droplets formed in the air and covered the whole body, and soon the hot body was washed clean and turned cool.

Magic is quite a convenient force.

It was said that annoyance was the key to scientific development.

Honestly, Odin, who taught me magic, did, but I also believe that very much.

"Prince degradation. It's Amy."

"Come in."

Amy, a girl with a very rigid face, came in with her head down as she arranged her messy clothes and lay down on the bed.

In this palace, I have a stronger position as a child than a prince.

Not only the aristocrats but also the servants often ignore her behind the scenes, but Amy was quite steady in that sense.

"I brought my meal."

Her calm words gave her a smile.

"Thank you."

It does not reject the goodwill itself. Amy, at least not long after she came to this palace, was a man who didn't interfere in dirty politics.

Right now.

Apparently, he was demoted to this place because he was working in the palace and came out of the sight of the queen.

"1 Where the prince's palace is demoted... ..and there's no such thing as a mess."

"What?"

"Nothing. Good job. Go home and rest today."

"But Prince Degradation, today is rehabilitation training..."

"I'll take care of that, so go back and rest."

She looked up at me with a sour look as if she wouldn't listen to the counterargument.

Hey, don't look at me like that.

If you look up like a dog in the rain, you will feel guilty.

Swallowing the sound she couldn't make out of her mouth, patting her head hard, she dyed her face red and bowed her head.

"I'm... I'm sorry!"

"That's enough. Go inside."

"Yes, yes!"

An easy-going, handsome face is helpful in times like this.

"Hmmm."

I felt good in my own way, so I hummed and looked down at Amy's prepared meal.

"You're a patient, you're just an old man."

Considering my mental age, I'm not an old man by human standards, but almost a living fossil, but sadly I'm not mentally mature enough to be such an up-and-coming personality.

Most of the heroes who lived thousands of years, or even tens of thousands of years, were there giggling as if they were in their teens or 20s.

What are you talking about?

It means that people go round and round.

It is a natural change for those who have already lost the end of death by death.

Some stick to sincerity, but others return to their childhood characteristics.

The most severe of them were the saint Daphne and the self-proclaimed survival king Hercules.

You're both bad-tempered.

He never forgets to roll both Manna and divine power while quietly heating up the table.

Manna will recover on her own even if she doesn't touch it now, so she only needs to be excited about the rest.

The only thing you can do right now is the basic magic of Hill, Restor, and Cure.

Magic is all about simple lights, magic missiles, and other flexible life magic without circles, but it was only a case of the standard of less recovery.

Even though I thought I couldn't eat anymore because my stomach was full, I used the Lister magic, so my digestion became great and I kept going in endlessly.

At a glance, it is more than three times the average amount eaten by ordinary people.

It's a lot? If you put it in, it'll go in.

Amy looked surprised at my ridiculous meal, but I'm also a stubborn person.

After pushing the ball so hard that it burst, I felt my body rejuvenated, which had been struggling until a while ago.

Oh, of course.

"Oh... the damn bathroom."

Although there is a disadvantage that instead of being extremely digestible, this person often goes to the bathroom.

If Harres, the lazy black man, saw it, he would have made fun of him as a dung.

You're not the same age as old as you are.

4. We're running out of food!

The recovery is smooth.

However, problems began to arise elsewhere.

The problem finally came out about a month after I woke up and threatened me with excitement.

"Huh...uh..."

As she swallowed the groaning coming out of the temple and complained of stomach pain, her expression naturally frown, and her mother-in-law Amy's face was shaded.

"I'm sorry!"

"That's enough. What did you do wrong?"

While reading her documents with moderation, I let out a smirk.

The royal budget allocated to the royal palace was so small that the ingredients for the meal seemed to have run out.

"Oh, my... I didn't expect you to worry about the first prince eating it in the middle of the palace, not anywhere else."

The extent of the cause of this incident was simply seen.

"Amy."

"Yes, Prince Degradation."

"There are currently several maidens, maidservants and maidens working in this palace."

Her face was embarrassed by my question.

The answer has already come from the expression of not knowing what to say.

"Is it just you?"

"Lord, you are guilty of death!"

Her face fell flat and her head bowed to the ground, giving her a sigh.

It's not that wide, but it's still a palace that the prince has been using.

The palace was not originally used by the royal princes who were chosen as the next king, but it was rather spacious as the palace of the royal family.

"I know. You're taking care of this big palace by yourself."

"That... that."

It's quite a sight to see when I get back from a coma. But in the past, it was a place where people lived, and it was just a little lacking, but I never felt that it was not enough.

But in six years, this has changed.

It's not a short time.

When I listened to Amy, I had a rough idea of what she said.

Prince Davy O'Loon, who is out of the court's eyes.

He was unable to enter Parondas Palace in the inner palace where the princes lived due to lack of strength.

Is it my fault?

It's my mistake.

This is how they believed and embraced each other, even though they were half brothers.

"I can't believe the palace was in a mess."

"Lord, kill me!"

"That's enough. I'm not cold enough to kill an innocent people."

Compared to the first time, I'm quite comfortable moving around.

Is this the body of a weak prince?

Slowly, I got out of bed and sat on a table chair and wore magnifying glasses, and the blurred vision gradually became clear.

I'm telling you this in advance, but my original body had very bad eyes.

That's why he was born weak, and the other is...

It is also a memory that I don't want to recall.

"Let's see. What's the original budget for the royal palace?"

"Well... that's 5,000 gold a year."

"But now I have only 10 golds left in the palace."

"......."

"It's not about the royal palace."

In the first place, the lack of food ingredients was an error.

"How much did you get this month? At least if you had that money, you wouldn't be worried about eating?"

"He, that's... ..."

"It's okay. Tell me."

"On paper, 500 golds have to come in, but the actual amount dropped is less than 100 golds......"

Her words made me sigh.