5 # 5

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the fifth installment of the first volume.

"What's your salary?"

"What?"

"Don't make me say it twice."

"I'm sorry."

"So, what's your salary?"

"I... just one-third of the amount I'm supposed to receive..."

She wept and bowed her head, feeling sorry for receiving it.

He was such an innocent fool because he was not nice.

That's why they stayed alone to protect me even when they abandoned the palace and ran away, regardless of whether they died or not.

A smile was built from a curious appreciation.

"Take all the money out of your salary."

"What?"

"I told you not to let me say it twice, did I?"

"I'm sorry! But!"

"There's nothing to eat tomorrow?"

"...yes. Prince Degradation."

"Sing it right. It's hard."

"Still..."

"When you're called a prince, you look strangely unfriendly."

Every class has its own responsibility.

To have a position is not to boast outstanding bloodline and to suppress grasshoppers, but to be a kind of medal to fulfill such a heavy responsibility.

However, if a country is going this way, the title of prince is not welcome at all.

an extraterritorial force wielding state affairs a noble family

The son is a father who is not interested in him, and the queen is eager to put him on the throne.

Even the wicked aristocrats who squeeze the common people.

If he had kept the power of the corridor intact, he might have removed a country named Loun from the map right away.

"I'm sorry, but... Davey. Please withdraw your order. I've made this palace so bad..."

"You have some power to stop them."

"That's... ..."

"If you let me work, I'll pay you. I don't know if it goes into my stomach or my prayer when I eat."

Ha! I kicked my tongue with a sound and looked straight at her.

"Take all your arrears of salary from the remaining budget."

"... ..I'll take it."

"And I'll take care of the ingredients, so let's go to my palace budget."

The prince can hear you from the budget department to check the court budget?

When ancestors see it, they will kick their tongues with wonderfully.

But what can we do? I heard there's also a problem with buying ingredients for tomorrow's meal.

As the weather gets cooler, we have to get firewood and repair places where it feels really bad.

In this sense, the current royal palace was literally suffering from the worst barley crisis.

If I had been lying down for one or two more years, I might have changed irreversibly.

"In the meantime, I'm a father who never shows his face to my son..."

Amy's eyes opened wide like a tray as she mumbled with a bitter smile.

What I just said was a very problematic word.

It would not be strange if the knights of the guard came in tomorrow if he entered the queen's side rather than taking a chance to explore the city.

Of course, I didn't mean to backtrack on that.

As a light-hearted human being, I am well-deserved and expressive of goodwill, but when hostile acts mercy on humans, I have a personality that is just as popular as I am.

"Guide me."

"Oh... I got it!"

I remember the geography of my palace, but it is not unusual because it may have changed so far, and it is funny that the prince who just woke up without supporting him.

* * *

"I'm sorry, but the decline. What's more available from the budget that's already been budgeted..."

There was no sense of sorry for the aristocrat's voice, who bowed his head and refused.

Rather, it was obvious why he came here to bother him.

a weak prince

The perception of the consequences does not disappear easily.

Watching him without saying a word, he was looking up at me as if he had been sorry.

Rat whiskers give you a pretty mean impression, son.

Laughing, he drags a nearby chair and sits face to face with him.

He seemed a little surprised at the unprincipled behavior, but soon showed a subtle contempt.

I guess he thinks I'm a weak and tactless prince because I'm still not good at heart.

"Are you kidding me?"

"What?"

His face was stunned by my words.

"The palace has a budget of 500 gold for this month. Am I wrong?"

"That's... ..."

"And the actual amount of money that came in was less than 100 gold......"

"Down! That's a limit on the amount of money spent on repairing and maintaining the palace! The other royal family members of the palace are ordered to live a frugal life of his Majesty.

"Oh, that's annoying."

There was a bitter, frowning sound.

"So. Was the repaired palace weed broken and the floor broken?"

"That's... ..."

"The garden is on the verge of collapse, covered with weeds. Even if you look at it absurdly, there's no bad price that you haven't invested a penny in."

He shut his mouth at my quick talk.

"Yeah. Funny, huh? It looks like a prince of high prestige is bringing the budget set for the palace and arguing directly."

In my words, he didn't affirm, but he didn't say any more if he thought so.

Amy's face, a woman who supported me behind my back, had already turned pale.

"Well, uh, the decline, but it's not in the budget, it's in the remuneration department. All we have to do is set the budget..."

His words gave me a good knee.

"Ah! I didn't know that."

I took an exaggerated reaction and grabbed the stick next to me.

His face turns pale at the sight.

No matter what happens tomorrow, I'm a prince who can beat this damn moustache to death right now.

Of course, they will be punished accordingly, but they will not be punished as much as others.

But I didn't.

I'm beating one of these guys to death. It's easy, but the roots just go deep.

"Earth or here. I don't want to pass on his responsibility."

I said briefly and got up from my seat.

"That's enough. With the money in my pocket, I'm going in and out of the red-light district at night, and I'm scrambling."

Is it because of the harsh expression that the prince cannot say? Or was he embarrassed by his outspoken words unlike me in the past, who was weak and kind?

He looked up at me hesitatingly.

"But let's see."

He spoke calmly and turned away.

All the men who transferred responsibility worked out a way out.

If you visit the conservative department, you will definitely fall out while transferring your responsibilities, and all you can gain by digging into it is fatigue.

No one else, but all the users who work at the 1st Prince's Palace, are running away to other places and stealing their salaries.

Amy, who is actually working, is keeping her mouth shut because she knows the situation and is working on her own palace by reducing her salary.

Those who don't even show their faces seem to be taking it with extra pay.

Turning away without regret, I stared at Amy, scared and following her carefully.

"Amy."

"Yes... yes?"

"Would you like to get a black sack from the warehouse?"

Amy's face turned pale at the mention of a sword.

He must be worried that he might be trying to use the sword.

"Don't worry, I'm not going to cut you."

I said unknowingly reassured her cute way of doing things.

Yeah, I don't want to cut people. I'll just cut down the bad guys.

I don't know how long that standard will last.

* * *

What will happen if I, whose position is at stake right now, cut down the users for no reason and cut down the aristocrats working in my palace?

The answer was simple.

The prince is crazy. We must be closed to the tower of the outer palace immediately.

Without a single force to look after the backside right now, I am like a fish in a perfect position to be cut with the aristocracy wielding most of its power.

It's not an old but useless sword.

"I'm sorry, degradation... ..that's all the rest of the black..."

No wonder the least guards guarding the palace were in disarray.

She bowed her head as she smiled, wondering if it was a habit to say sorry every time she said it.

"The craftsman doesn't blame the tools."

Without a word, he pulled the sword half out of the sword.

It is originally a sword used by knights who protect the durability.

The knight's equipment guarding the palace is one of the faces of the palace.

Such goods were managed in such a way and were already out of the shortage of supplies.

The sword that had lost its luster had accumulated dust from how much it had not been used.

"Management is so..."

"I'm sorry, ah... "

What a dirty sword to use. If the proud masters had seen it, they would have foamed their mouths.

However, someone said so.

Excellent craftsmen don't blame tools.

"Amy, how many animals are released from the palace's hunting grounds?"

"What? That... that..."

"Well, that's good enough. I'm pretty sure you'll have enough to hold on to a certain amount."

Thinking that, I put the sword back into the sword.

* * *

The next day Amy gave me a frightened look when she saw the body of a wild boar lying in front of me.

"Good to see you."

"Low? Well, that's..."

"Someone brought it to my palace, so I brought it. I was thinking about what to do. A righteous man must have brought it."

"What's that......"

It's a lie.

Although he caught it himself, he lied on his face with a steel plate.

Amy, who didn't understand what I said, looked at the dead body of the boar that I brought carelessly and opened my eyes wide and trembled.

"Go to the warehouse and get some more bowls and some more cloth sprayed with waterproof reagents. You got a lot left, right?"

"Eh... Davey down! You'd rather kill her!"

"No, why not?"

"You can't bury animal blood in your hands! Besides, you have to break up the animals you've hunted in my palace and cook them yourself! If you don't mind, you'll get seriously hurt!"

I grinned at her desperate cry.

"It's okay because no one is watching."

Even if he tries to impress the king, he refuses, saying he is busy with political affairs.

Will I be able to meet the king who never showed his face when he said his son is sick?

Of course, you should pass.

There's no way other departments can break this situation, so let's pass.

Queen Lynes seems determined to bleed me to death, but I am a specialist who has been trained by Hercules for decades to survive.

"It's a boar. But it's my evening."

He said nonsense and skillfully moved hot water and sword that he had heated up, skinning his skin and removing the guts.

It looks like it's taking a lot of effort, but the leather and flesh were cut off like a lie.

It's the blade that inspired Manna, otherwise it's even more strange.

It is not funny that he is trying to secretly catch wild boars, which are being raised in hunting grounds in the royal palace, and dismantle and cook them himself in the inner palace.