7 # 7

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the seventh installment of the first volume

"Lower Queen."

"......."

"My men are all very talented."

"But your men in the Black Moon Guild have a C-level skill."

"......."

Class C. It seems like a low position, but it was never.

But the anxiety did not go away.

"They have spleen numbers that are not related to their grades, if they speak ill of my men anymore."

"Oh, I'm just expressing my concern. If you're really confident."

She gave a light laugh after she cut off the conversation.

His smile was as grim as that of Shari.

"Davie, I'm sure you can block all the parameters of that vulgar guy. But if it's not, I have to pay for it."

"I'll be careful."

She smiled and savored the tea as if there was nothing more to say.

"It doesn't taste good."

Linnaeus, who mumbled calmly, offered a teacup to Shari.

"Let's go back."

"Yes."

"Maybe we should quickly get rid of the dog that doesn't listen."

"When the time comes."

Shari's calm answer didn't feel any emotion.

5. Unusual rehabilitation training.

"Well... Davey down? What the hell are you doing here?"

The most weeds in the royal palace.

Amy, who followed me on one side of the garden, asked carefully.

A girl shouldn't ask questions carelessly.

But it was safe to say that my efforts paid off when she asked this question.

People can ask questions and do it.

I tend to think so.

It is undeniable that this world is not a native human being, so it is a way of thinking.

Of course. Amy made me do it because she was quick-witted.

At his question, I casually cleared the grass and went in.

The uncontrolled garden was literally a wild one.

It is ridiculous how little attention was paid to see how no one touched my palace even though I had this space.

"Stop going back. If anyone's looking for me, please come and tell me first."

"Yes."

"If you ask me, don't tell me I'm here."

Amy nodded her head several times and stepped back, apparently realizing the meaning of what I meant.

"Well... let's get started."

He pulled out the suit he was wearing, and slowly sat comfortably in the middle of the grass as if he were a yangban bridge.

It doesn't matter if I lie down, but I didn't want to lie down in a place full of weeds.

It's a pretty messy place.

Only when you take a posture that is okay without moving for the time being can the surrounding area be stable.

I put down my glasses and closed my eyes.

Then, in a small voice, he uttered a magic spear.

"Operation Field."

At the same time, the remaining feeble manas began to assimilate slowly with my surroundings in conjunction with my will.

Unlike the divine power engraved on the soul and the self-growing commander Manna, Manna was a bit of a tricky.

It has taken extraordinary measures because it cannot escape the shortage for years if left unchecked.

The natural space where manna gathers best.

When I opened a light mana and created a unique space that linked it to the surroundings, the mana that was wandering around slowly began to flock into my body.

Just as the air entering the lungs left various nutrients in the body through a small hole, Mana also entered the body and began to escape again, leaving only the pure mana needed.

In its own way, it is a groundbreaking mana breathing technique, or exactly a miracle.

The significance of leaving only pure mana, which naturally accumulates in the process of building mana and interferes with the use of magic, is quite significant.

At least considering the level of continental wizards I know, the moment you see the immana breathing method developed by Odin, an ancient hero called the god of wizard, you will be shocked and delve into the principles.

It will only take a few days for them to build up manna for months.

Of course, there is not the slightest intention of revealing the method to the public, and even if you do, there will be very few people to use it.

As a result, only talented people can breathe.

Bad luck?

If you feel wronged, you should be born with talent!

Hm!

When it comes to magic, he feels the aftermath of Odin is surprisingly serious.

While self-reflection, the body consistently accepted and repeatedly spit out Manna in accordance with the breathing method.

It seems very slow compared to the method of accepting it constantly and stacking mana, but when the waste begins to catch up at the right time, it builds up at a tremendous speed.

When you practice breathing, try to catch all the men who come in!

So is the basic general magic common sense.

Her level of breathing technique, instead of destroying such common sense, was frankly laudable, regardless of personality.

The speed was so slow that no one would have expected this effect to follow.

I wonder if she created this method because she has been researching for a long time. Or did he make it up because he was a genius during his lifetime?

If you ask me useless questions, I would have hit you on the head with a cane, saying that you would think of something else.

He began to concentrate again by shaking off the small memories of the hero's corridors.

It was a mana that I had collected once.

This time, it was clear that the speed at which usable mana accumulates in the body would be amazing, not accumulating but waking up sleeping mana.

* * *

The effect was quick!

For a few days, a certain amount of manna, divine power, and commanders began to mix and flow in my body.

Anyone who knows the concept of mana might call me a madman who wants to die.

Sincerity and mana are separate energies that oppose each other, and the two are also opposed to each other.

This is why the priest cannot use magic and the wizard cannot use divine magic.

But I dealt with all three things.

How did you do it?

He inherited the products of research created by two maniacs and two geeks who studied each other's heads.

a rough-mouthed, drink-loving saint

Odin, a bad-tempered wizard who swings his cane like a blunt instrument and tries to burn it out when he teases him as a cliff.

She's a necromancer who used to be called Deathlord, but she's so kind that I think she's a real saint.

Finally, the Divine Spirit [Hippokria] famous for having dug up almost everything in the human body.

The miracle created by these crazy four women turned out to be a result of me.

The hero's corridor was like that.

Many heroes have arrived, and only the best in each field remains.

Even if he was a great enemy in his lifetime, he had to be close to each other because he spent a great deal of time together.

Perhaps it is because they were lonely that they interacted with each other.

In fact, this was the case with the saint Daphne and archer Apolon.

The two were heroes who lived the same century during their lifetime, but Daphne was often said to have been enemies of the maverick who tried to kill Apolon.

The fact that they don't hate each other even when they are struggling and fighting at the same time may have made them hate each other over time.

Of course, the greasy butter apolon is a man who doesn't want to get involved.

When she was doing a masterpiece with Daphne, she sometimes told me stories of her life, when I heard that the relationship between the two was a spectator.

It was one day when I learned about command magic and curses from Ro Ias.

While Daphne was coming to work during the night, I remembered the happening when she, drunk enough and drunk, clipped Apolon's joint and trampled on his middle leg ignorantly.

What? You touched IAS? Damn it! Did you say that you'd be left behind if you made fun of the dickens? I'm not satisfied with just picking me up in my life, you bastard?!

Nothing else, but Daphne's mouth was very rough. On the contrary, however, it was not without the feeling of a yudder.

If you put it a bit harshly, wouldn't Sivaldere be an appropriate expression?

He actually used to curse at me like that, but he would come and give me drinks often.

Of course, Apolon is an exception.

Ha.

When the flow was interrupted by laughter, he concentrated again and attracted Manna.

Manas, who were mutteringly rebellious, rumbled back into my judo and escaped, leaving behind only the pure mana.

* * *

As soon as Manna gathered, the pace of growth began to accelerate as she began to make circles.

It was also a moment when time went by quickly as time began to focus on making circles when the schedule mana was completed while sucking in mana.

As in the novel, circle was not the kind of problem that we would fill up in a short period of time.

Oh, of course, a typical wizard would.

However, in their case, growth is bound to be very slow.

"Whoa..."

He took a deep breath and closed his eyes and slowly moved his pure mana.

Usually, wizards make and rotate circles in their hearts.

However, such a method cannot withstand the clash between divine power and the head coach Manna.

It would be a good thing that you don't burst right away.

In that sense, my body was in a pretty dangerous state.

Even if the amount increases a little, I'll die because I can't stand my strength.

That's why the way it came out was the blood circulation.

What are you talking about?

the whole line of blood

They make and rotate sophisticated circles according to the line of the blood vessels.

It's almost like a physical renovation, and it's crazy enough to bleed and die even if it's a little off, but for me who has succeeded once, it's just a process of reopening my memory and opening my way.

I told Amy never to come near her and not to come near her even if someone approached her, but I honestly didn't feel a bit anxious.

For now, there is a look that monitors me.

Since I can't monitor it openly, I'll hide and watch it from afar, but sadly, I won't know exactly what I'm doing because of the weeds around me.

Of course, that alone leaves plenty of room for doubt.

Slowly, when Manna was soaked with soju, subtle vibrations began to cover her entire body.

You can move as much as you want, so you are firmly positioned to prevent your body from being disturbed by this much vibration.