2 # 2

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the first volume and the second installment

[500 Years]

When I came to my senses, 500 years have already passed.

What's interesting is that the memories of the past and present life remain so clear.

The time to stare up at the sky has increased.

The hero's corridor is a world where the night is dark but the sky of the day is so beautiful.

Suddenly, I couldn't even get out of here anyway, so I started to not know why I was rolling, struggling, and beaten to learn these things.

Heroes can use their knowledge to create something new, but I think it is impossible to pass on existing knowledge, but I don't think there are such restrictions.

Maybe that's why.

You're rolling a man with your feet wide open!

[700 Years]

Time is the medicine. I can realize it little by little.

As time goes by as if I had a second-year middle school disease, I naturally feel like I am returning to my appearance when I first came here.

It doesn't seem right for me to hold onto the weight that's meaningless.

Perhaps because they were among those who had lived for thousands of years in the world, they might have been stained.

I wondered why people who were too frivolous when they were all older, and time was the culprit.

Daphne, a saint who repeatedly cursed and released hundreds of curses to teach about divine magic and the curse system, visited.

He seemed strangely happy to have kicked off the grind of Apollo.

Now that we've got a good drink, it seems like we're having a drink But... it feels weird.

It's like you're hiding something.

[950 Years]

Most of the heroes who taught me came to me.

There is also an old man who never appears to be a nuisance, and an old master of conquest who bragged whenever he drank, saying, "He was a great emperor of one era."

Most of them were heroes who were associated with me and all of them were aristocrats who tortured me under the pretext of terrible training.

I can't even go out anyway, so what would I do if I learned it to death? At first, turned and difficult to fathom only after being hit by a number of times to death and to talk about that amount.

When I greeted them with a grim face, Hypocria, the deity who took care of me the most, smiled coolly.

My sister, who had no interest in me from the beginning, used to take care of me as if she were my own sister.

Unintended banquets, days and days of boisterous chatter. Hippocrya, who had been drinking calmly, spoke quietly and the banquet ended.

"My youngest. I found a way for you to go back."

I haven't spoken to her for a while. I feel strange.

[999]

For now, it was a day that I remembered as my birthday.

It's been a long time since I've forgotten the age, but it's still a small anniversary.

They began to unite.

He didn't tell me why. He didn't even tell me why or how. They are completely separate beings who can no longer interfere with the world.

세상이 당장 멸망해도 움직이거나 단합하지 않을 그들이 두 번째로 입을 모아 한뜻을 보이기로 한 것이다.

그렇게 나를 닦달하고 혼내던 작자들이 갑자기 단체로 마약이라도 한 것마냥 덕담을 던지고 잘해주기 시작하더니 결국 이런 날이 오고 말았다.

평소에 하고 싶은 게 무엇이냐 묻던 그들에게 못다 한 인생 잘 먹고 잘살아보고 싶다고 했는데, 그 꿈을 이룰 첫발을 내디딘 꼴이다.

이곳은 힘만 있으면 안전한 곳이지만 살아있다는 느낌은 들지 않았으니까.

마지막으로 하고 싶은 말이 없냐고 묻는다.

한쪽 구석에선 자연 친화력을 올리기 위해선 하나가 되는 게 최선이라며 심해에 처박고 마그마 풀장에 던져넣으려고 했던 마스터 정령사인 유리아나가 눈시울을 붉히고 있다.

쓰읍...... 괜히 마음 아프게.......

At the same time as their calm questions, my body was surrounded by light regardless of my intentions.

It's the last one.

I thought so and smiled at them.

"Let's not see each other again! And until when are old enough grandmothers going to live by listening to you?"

It is quite exhilarating that the last look on their faces is a spectator.

The most enraged of all is the saint daphne.

"Hey, you son of a... ..."

But I shut up as some noticed that I was feeling extremely down.

I didn't want to break up with you.

He smiled quietly as he tried to raise his hand to those who waved to him.

Then, the world has changed.

* * *

Flapping!!!

"Sigh... Sigh..."

As if I had dreamed for a long time, I began to see around with a blank view.

The hazy eyes had been sore enough to tear from the light for a long time.

As I lowered my eyes beyond the blurred vision, I saw a strange liquid over a ringer with a mana stone stuck in my arm.

[Listore.]

a short mumbling voice

Contrary to expectations, however, no changes occurred at the fingertips.

Only then did it begin to feel real.

Indeed, he has returned to his original body as Prince Davy, away from the hero's corridors.

3. Returned prince.

I couldn't think of anything to explain first.

When the bitterness came, he relaxed his whole body without regret and closed his eyes again.

I wanted to be so absent-minded for the time being because my sense of dexterity eroded my whole body.

A quilt with a rough but strangely cozy feeling is tempting to avoid going outside.

I don't have the power to even lift a finger.

As I lay absentmindedly and waited calmly, I slowly began to adjust to the dazzling view.

There is still no blurry focus on whether my eyesight has returned completely, but I thought that was enough.

"Um......."

When I tried hard to speak out, a cracked voice came out of my mouth.

It was blurry, but the shape was clear.

Even though he returned a thousand years later, his memory was strangely clear, so a bitter smile flowed out.

"Ah... ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

As soon as he began to speak out as if he were practicing vocalization, his divided voice began to change slowly as if he were slowly adjusting.

"Ah."

Did he repeat that for a long time?

Now that I could speak properly, I could hear a familiar but slightly different voice in my ear.

The aristocrats said their voices were quite sweet, but honestly, for me, they are not bad to hear.

"Listore."

another attempt

This time, there was no significant change. But it didn't feel rushedness.

I have experienced all kinds of cases since I was given a thousand years of training under the guise of a thousand years of training.

Of course, I have no experience in this kind of situation.

"Hia said that when a person falls into a coma, the mana and the divine power gradually hardens.'

I would be the only one to call Hippocry, the god of medicine.

It's okay. You asked me to sing it.

If it's unfair, get close.

My sister Hsia, the god who taught me medicine, used her unique ability to treat many patients.

Among them, there must have been patients in the current situation.

The solution is...

Time.

It is not good to restore muscles that have been damaged in a short period of time due to lack of nutrition and long-term exercise.

How to have an upset stomach when you eat in a hurry.

I had to build my own strength to the point where I could move.

Fortunately, how much nutrition does the mana stone IV provide?

If a person doesn't come when you can't move, it's perfect to starve to death.

The situation was not something that I would welcome.

I thought so, and a smile flowed out of my relaxedness.

I lay down comfortably, smiled and began to concentrate on my fingers.

He said that rehabilitation training begins with the fingers.

Now I just wanted to be immersed in the fact that I was back.

* * *

For a few days no one entered this quiet room.

No, there will be very few people who enter this palace where I am.

Even if they come in, there will be only one or two women who are in charge of nutritional supplements.

Even before I fell into a coma and went to the Hero's Corridor, wouldn't it be the same now?

When I reached out my trembling hand and looked at the wooden calendar, I saw a time of 278 years.

The hunting competition where I was shot was held in 272.

Since then, he arrived at the corridor immediately, so about six years had passed since this happened.

Then it means that I am 16 years old now.

By the standards of this continent, it is also the age at which it is just reaching adulthood.

A thousand years spent in the corridor is only six years here.

Because the axis of time is different?

Or for some other reason?

Whatever it is, it is only a familiar phenomenon that the time is twisted.

If the Earth goes into space right now, it's not a mess.

Of course, it's not Earth here.

It was also my second home of life and a different dimension from the Earth called the Tionis continent.

It's a shit place, but it's a place where people live.

"Lying down isn't a long thing to do."

He closed his eyes with grumbling but familiarity and began to concentrate slowly.

Except for rehabilitation training for a few days, this is what I always do.

At first, it was hard to even lift a finger, but the bleeding effort that lasted for several days allowed her to do as much as cause her upper body.

Of course, the pain to the process was beyond description.

Familiarity with pain didn't mean nothing.

"Listore."

He closed his eyes and concentrated, lifting up the white energy that was asleep in his body.

divine power

Daphne, a saint, said, "The total amount of divine power cannot be matched by the natural ones, but no one but himself will be able to follow me."

Even those noble kings and saints.

That doesn't mean I'm short of my total.

In the case of Daphne, he is a hero who will go down in history, which used to be called a body that accepted God, but being right below him was the result of how much effort.

Of course, it was natural that the common case of praying and slowly building up sacred power could not be followed by the best growth case like me.

Spirituality and power.

It is impossible to build things up quickly just by praying.

In fact, that bad-tempered woman hardly ever praised God when she taught me.

She's a saint who's a big fan.

.......

What I did when I first trained in divinity was cleaning the entire corridor.

He calmly pokes around and touches the sacred power, but as if someone still barks, the divine power didn't move.

"You're stubborn, baby."