9 # 9

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the ninth installment of the first volume

"Well... how are you feeling?"

The priest, who had a face so cold that it was obvious, grabbed my wrist and asked.

"It's just that. How much longer do I have to recover?"

"You've been lying down for a long time, so you've lost a lot of energy. It's rather dangerous to overdo the divine magic."

"Really?"

I couldn't pray so I laughed.

They didn't give proper recovery magic in the first place, and even if they did, they made excuses and did it reluctantly.

He must have been ordered to slow down my recovery as much as possible because he is a member of Queen Lynes, but it is also quite disgusting that a person who is a priest in charge of recovery does such a thing with a patient in front of him.

The basics of a doctor start with knowing the importance of life.

It was the first advice Hippokria gave me when he started teaching me medicine.

She was a true doctor, so she didn't discriminate between the enemy and our army, but I was a little different.

They were the ones who heard my life, so I knew the thorny path that would unfold in front of my life and stopped at that point.

For her to make a conscientious declaration, the doctors and priests couldn't seem nice to those who did this as they eventually did this.

It's not that I can't recover.

They are not doing it. Apart from that, my body is recovering steadily on its own.

"I heard that the magic of God is quite great."

"Oh... yes."

"I thought this injury would heal in no time with the grace of the Lord Priya."

"Ha, that's what you're saying because you don't know."

I thought that he was forgetting that the 16-year-old boy in front of him was a prince because he was openly laughing and ignoring him.

"I don't know?"

"Yes, knowledge of divine power is a unique authority of our priests."

"Hmm."

Looking at him as if he was interested, he laughed meanly and muttered to himself.

"Of course, I know it's different from the brilliant Kalus degradation."

"Brigadier Barthes! I'm in front of you, Prince! Watch your language!"

The problem was that this conceptless guy didn't have a head to talk to.

"Does a woman dare to argue against me?"

I couldn't help but sigh at the sight of turning my head and pushing Amy, ignoring me.

Argh!

In addition, he jumped up and strode to Amy's cheek, even though I was in front of him to see if he was willing to stop there.

It was not surprising, though it was very rough for a priest to give love.

It's obvious that this is the thought of Queen Linness, who is already greedy for materialism.

'That's why you can't get out of the lower class forever.'

Even a lower priest has a significant position when he gets the backing of Queen Linnes.

That's why he is sitting here and fulfilling his desires.

I feel it again, but I'm sure I don't go through a filter called brain because I can't get scared.

"What are you doing?"

When asked calmly, he coughed in vain, approached slowly and held my hand again.

"If you leave the girl alone, she'll be in trouble.

In the corner, Amy was seen getting slapped and crying, but biting her lips tightly.

He looked angry.

Considering his personality, it's very unfair that I was ignored, not myself.

At least she's on my side in this palace.

"The treatment is done. Then I'll see you in 15 days."

"Yes."

When I nodded calmly, I got up from my seat in a haughty manner.

Then he passed Amy and went out the door and stopped.

"...she's a beauty."

For a moment, I frowned at his shady smile.

"Amy."

As if I knew nothing about the sight, I got up from my seat and held a cane.

"These are the rare priests. Show them to the outside of the palace."

"Yes..."

With her head down in a deep voice, she followed the priest.

I'll split it up. I'm sure I'm upset.

But you're not the only one who feels dirty.

While looking at the back of the priest without a word, I slowly took out the old sword that had been placed by the pillow.

There's no reason to hold back if you just let me go.

Then he erased his expression and slowly walked away.

* * *

It felt strangely cold.

Anger? In fact, the amount of history I have accumulated so far has been too great.

Daphne, a saint, said, "If you can't control your anger, you'll become a person who can't even be a dog," but I had a little different opinion.

Moderate anger is a source of life and a milestone in purpose. If annoyance is the key to development, anger is the driving force.

The sound of footsteps died away.

Slowly walking down the hallway of the palace, I saw a priest, Bort, who drove Amy into a corner and said something.

He seems to be talking, but he can't hear well because he's far away.

"Wow, prince..."

"Ask everything."

Puck!

Maybe he was watching others.

An apprentice who was standing at a proper distance found me without a sound and tried to shout with his eyes wide open, but my actions were faster.

As soon as he fell down after being caught in an instant, I couldn't untie my cold face, and I walked again.

Although the ability of Wolyeongbo, a secretive security firm, has not yet melted into this body, it is not a green security method enough for a lower-ranking officer like him to notice even though he is not used to it.

Bordeaux was smiling meanly at Amy, as if he had never thought I'd come.

"Be careful, you'll have to come to the room alone. Remember, Prince Davy's life is in my hands."

"That's it!"

"The murder of royalty? What do you know? Half the half is the prince, and I am not willing to take his life, but I am not. If you don't listen to me, I can kill you right away. The Queen will say that she did a good job. There is no side to Prince Davy in this palace."

"......."

Of course, who would dare to punish me, the sheep of Priya, who is Queen Linnes` understanding and sacred shepherd? No, is that so? Hahahaha!

Everyone knows how powerful Queen Lynes is in the palace.

A smirk of laughter came out of laughter. At the same time, I opened my mouth, revealing my spirit.

"That's great. I needed some excuses. Amy."

"Huh?! Dropped!"

"What is the punishment for blasphemy of the royal family?"

The sudden appearance of me opened the eyes of a new officer, Bort, who had not been recognized.

At the same time, I pulled out the sword I was holding as if I were throwing it away.

Get up!

Action is fast, that's my belief.

6. Set fire to fire.

Apparently, a guy who was interested in Amy's beauty was flirting with her.

It's because you have a great sense of humor. Blu-ray even if you don't look at it.

I needed a justification in moderation, but there's nothing better than this.

"Oh, my God!"

In an instant, metal sounds rang out and hot blood splashed everywhere.

Amy opened her eyes wide and trembled as if she was embarrassed by the situation in front of her.

"Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk...uh, why..."

A lower-ranking officer, who collapsed on the floor, looked up at me and looked at me with astonishing eyes.

As he confirmed, I don't think it's a physical situation that will come out of the blue right now.

He's a man who can move, but he's so squalid that someone has to help him.

I came up silent and swung the sword.

No one else but one of Queen Linness's limbs inside this palace.

I spoke with a blank expression on my face that I couldn't understand.

"Don't make me talk twice."

"Zu, summary execution."

I slowly brushed off my sword and smiled coldly at Amy's answer, who was shaking and answering back to me clearly.

In fact, the law is the same, but was it careless because no one really did that? His face was a total confusion.

"Did you hear that?"

"Wow... the Queen will not stand still. Sigh, even in the Holy Land..."

"Yes, thanks for your advice. But I'm sure there's no one on your side."

He quickly put a sword into his heart, which was bleeding from the bleeding, and pulled it out again.

Then his body flinched greatly and stretched.

He was dead as he was.

When I, who had killed him lightly, shook off the blood from the sword and delivered the sword back to the sword house, Amy with a shocked face was seen.

"I... I... I... I don't know why..."

"Why not? You just told me. Blaming the royal family, and attempted assassination, are summary executions."

She burst into tears at my words.

He patted me on the back without saying a word, and cried for a long time to see if I finally burst into tears.

No matter how naive she is, she must have seen a person die.

This palace was a place where countless people died behind the scenes I didn't know.

In the past I was so stupid that I didn't even know that.

"Are you feeling better now?"

After a long time of soothing and teasing her crying, she realized her mistake and bowed her head down.

"I'm... I'm sorry. Degradation....."

"Well done. Call the guards and tell them to clean up the body. There are no knights here."

At my words, she looked nervously at the Bordeaux on the floor.

"Honestly, Degradation..."

She is brilliant. I had just figured out in a flash what was going to happen because of what I had just done.

The dead Bordeaux is from the Holy Land, where the Priya god is enshrined.

And it is Queen Linness's Hand.

She meant that she was the one who sent me to keep an eye on me and slow my recovery.

A benevolent queen who sent her son to the shrine, who had not been born herself.

a shameless woman full of dirty tricks on her mind

Whatever it was, it wasn't a light thing for me to cut him down in such a situation.

No matter how blasphemous the royal family was, there was definitely plenty of room for a big problem to be cut this way without process.

It may not be known, but there will be rumors inside the palace that the first prince, David Olloun, is crazy.

It will soon make my narrow position even worse,

In the worst case scenario, he will become a madman and be exiled outside the palace.

Furthermore, if the protest of Sungkuk comes in, he may be taken to Sungkuk under the pretext of being a pawn.

Whatever it was, it was a toast to Queen Linness, who regarded me as a thorn in the eye.

Of course. I wasn't the one to do it without knowing it.