8 # 8

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Book One, Episode Eight

Woooooooooooooooohoooong!!

As the light vibration spread throughout the body, the mana of soju cloth began to move and spread and rotate it all over the body as if it had been waiting.

The most difficult part is the part of the blood clots and the cerebral hemorrhage.

The head part is dangerous, whether it touches Manna or the blood pressure.

If you hit the ball, you'll become a maniac in no time.

In that sense, the knowledge of God's Hippocry is very helpful.

Knowledge of the blood vessels that have been poked into her head by her scolding is very helpful.

As they began to move very slowly, albeit very weakly, the clogged blood vessels slowly began to vibrate and shake.

I'm breaking out in a cold sweat.

Most of the concentration was forced to pour out there because it was delicate as if putting needles in hundreds of holes and then pulling them out in line with the very small holes.

Although insurance was laid down for now, it was better not to fail.

Thud!

The sound of something breaking.

The blood pressure, which had been tightly blocked, began to leak slowly, puncturing by Manna.

Slow down.

If you push it aggressively, it will cause bleeding in your brain and move on, so proceed very slowly.

'You only need to pierce it once. Just once.'

As it was the most difficult to line the first circle, concentration was the most required.

I sweated cold and my whole body became tired, but I never relaxed my concentration.

She watched the situation in her body with her mind and carefully controlled her.

Thud! Thud! Thud!

As I began to pierce the tightly closed bloodline like a throbbing vein, I felt a mana trying to speed up.

He grabbed him as if he were flowing, fixed his direction firmly so that he wouldn't get sidetracked, and pushed very slowly as if he were knocking on the gate with a charge.

Thud!

"Ugh!"

Unimaginable pain came momentarily.

I felt as if I had been hit in the head by a bad horse, and my mind was numb.

Unlike in the corridor, the body was poor, so the difficulty was definitely higher.

Of course, if I had been scared out of it, I wouldn't have come back.

'There is no failure.'

Implicitly, when he muttered a hole tens of hundreds of times into his mind, Mana began to push into his cerebral blood like water, which began to spill through a hole in the pressure was enormous.

And

Boom!

With the sound of something popping, my mind suddenly became clear and I began to feel cool and warm in my head.

"Puhu..."

A sigh of relief comes out of itself.

If you ask me what I am doing when I succeeded in establishing a clear one-circle instead of a yamae circle, I have no choice but to ask you to say it yourself.

To be honest, this bizarre way of establishing circles is more difficult to line up one circle than establishing eight to nine circles, so what else can I say?

At that time, four women helped him by his side to see the masterpiece of the experiment, so it was less, but this time he did this crazy process alone.

Manna, divine power, and commander Manna exist, but the body has completely returned to its early stages, so the balance of the body remains completely deformed.

After checking Manna, who began to rotate the whole body in an instant, opened her eyes slowly and saw the outside scene that had already darkened.

I'm sure you're sitting around lunchtime, but it's already dark.

Outside, I could see Amy standing nervously with a worried look.

He seemed to have been by his side continuously.

He stood down for nearly seven to eight hours, so his obsession was considerable even though his legs might hurt.

I felt sorry for no reason, so I flicked my finger invisible.

Circles that move along the blood vessels help each other rotate without collisions.

Now that we've opened the way with Manaro, we can turn our sacred power and commanding officer Mana.

This bizarre way of establishing circles with the advantage of being able to coexist with each other exists in many advantages, but the best advantage was this.

Whoo...

a blank window

Isn't this the case of a term that would only appear in a novel?

If you do it yourself, the efficiency will double.

As if to help express one's will, a finger flicker can show simple ability.

Master Wizard class.

Amy's eyes were filled with wonder as she felt warm surrounding her body as the repository magic was revealed.

Don't be surprised already. You'll be constantly surprised.

I even wanted to surprise him because he was provoking his sadism for no reason.

* * *

Five months have passed.

All I've done so far has been to hide and roll Manna away from other people's eyes.

Of course, there was nothing more difficult than the first time, and there was certainly a phenomenal increase in the pace of growth as the fundamentally hardened manna and the divine forces slowly moved.

4 circles.

Considering that the average wizard does not exceed three circles by human standards, it is indeed a tremendous recovery speed.

In the meantime, it was enough to secretly go out and catch wild animals whenever there was a shortage of food.

Of course, the dividend that came in during those five months was rolled well and used only what was needed, which slowly began to emerge.

It is impossible to be extravagant like any other royal family.

"Ha, it's a meal."

"Come in."

When I poked a needle into a small cloth and gave a permission signal, the old door opened and Amy slowly came in.

"Today, someone brought a mountain animal. Other vegetables, too."

"That's true."

It was exactly three months ago.

Someone had begun to bring me meat and vegetables in the courtyard of this quiet palace.

At first, I checked to see if Queen Lynes had brought it to assassinate me, but it is used properly because it is meat and vegetables.

I felt like someone was helping me, but I didn't know who it was because I didn't check it myself.

'I'm sure someone dropped by the day before.'

There was only one sign of popularity.

If you use this wide-spread mana well, you will be able to know if anyone is there.

It has become possible to violate Amy's privacy, which lives in my palace unintentionally, but conscience often collects manna around her.

"I don't think I'll worry about the ingredients again this time."

"Okay, good job."

"Excuse me... Degradation."

"Hmm?"

"Now consider repairing the palace... ...and the weeds in the garden."

"Leave it alone."

"But the appearance of the palace..."

"If you want to take my life, you'd better leave it alone."

She bowed her head with a tearful look at the words.

Sung-jung seems to have become depressed after realizing the meaning of my words because he is a good boy and has a bigger sense of responsibility than I thought.

"Okay."

"Well done. Go inside."

"Yes."

With her head down, she looked at her retreat and closed her eyes again and began to move slowly.

Externally, I couldn't make such a violent move, but I stepped up my training while there was a gap like this to avoid monitoring.

All I have in my hand is the few iron swords left in this palace.

It's a blunt and old sword that makes curses to use right away, but I couldn't afford to cover up cold and hot rice.

No matter how good you are at swordsmanship, your skills will fall when you neglect to practice.

Even if it's simple, practice is a must.

Whoo!

Menas around me changed themselves to match my movements.

The movements and swordsmanship I see now were not the swordsmanship of Hares, the sword that first taught me.

His name is Ma Ryeong-gum.

It is meaningful in its own way, but I didn't find the origin by paying much attention to it.

Of course, it's clear that it's a terrible sword that can be compared to that of Hares, who I first learned.

It's called the Devil's Sword that runs like water.

Even the sword god Hares, who is known to be strict with the sword, accepted that he would admit that he would admit.

This sword is persistent and soft if the sword of the sword Hares is passive and destructive.

[Cheonma Dokgojun]]

At one time, he was a ghostly man who broke down the corrupt political faction and stood unrivaledly at the top of the pack.

Hercules, who first taught me as another human who dug the sword to the limit in the hero's corridor, made him learn the sword after Harres.

Of course, at first, he said, "I don't want to bother him like a student, and I don't know why I should teach him," but he was also a geek who quickly changed his attitude after receiving a special bottle of rice wine brought by the lazy Harres.

At the time, when he bowed down to the temple and served as a guest, he could not help but smile.

He was a famous drunkard in the Corridor.

Even the adult Daphne, who was so fond of drinking, was not a man who said no.

Usually, if you learn one sword, it is hard to learn the rest.

As soon as something else enters the highly cooked sword, it will become a foreign object.

So what was made was a combination sword that I am currently using.

The tenacity and tenderness of Cheonma Dokgojun's Cheonma Ryeong Sword.

And combined the bandit of swordsmanship created by the sword god Hares.

The sword-crazy swordsmanship, which was created by the meeting of the two dorks, was honestly surprisingly high-quality swordsmanship even now.

Other physical burdens were helped by other heroes.

To be accurate, I could say that it was the ultimate weapon that the heroes were determined and created.

They even said that they knew they were strong and that this was amazing.

He thought of an enemy that was not in front of his eyes and moved his body as if he were fighting an invisible man.

Almost recovered, the body did not complain of pain even in moderate movements.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh"

About 30 out of 88 types are limited, but it is surprising that they recovered this much in just five months.

The head of the Royal Guard, who is called the Master, will be pushed back by me as far as the art of swordsmanship can be concerned.

"Whoa... whoo..."

As I lay down with my tired body, I could see the ceiling of the old but clean hall.

It seemed like it would collapse right away, but thanks to the minimal management, I could see that he was holding on so well.

"Hmm? Who's here?"

"Jeha, priests are here."

"Ah... you're finally here. I'll be right there."

You're here, vacuum cleaners to clean up the area.

When he used clean magic on his sweaty body, he felt soft and dry.

He slowly moved and held a cane toward the room, with a face so refreshing that he doubted if he was the one who was training just a moment ago.

I'm sure I'm not an easy person to walk yet.