1 # 1

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the first volume

1. Full of complaints

a great hero

Or the absolute.

Strong men with a great presence in name alone, who have enjoyed an era.

The emperor who founded the empire also existed, and there was a huge group of people.

There were lawmakers who saved countless patients, strong people who did not belong anywhere, and many people praised.

There was a warrior who defeated the devil, and there was a man named Cheonma who unified the continent by force, so the power of the nobles would be great.

However, when he heard about them, he was confident to say so in a firm voice.

"A hero? Oh, just a 10-year-old kid, and then roll him as far as he can, and if he doesn't like it, he's beaten like a dog on a Dog Day."

"When I stand at the point I want to be strong, I throw the next assignment and roll it again. "

"Throwing it into human lava, hanging it from a cliff, and throwing it into a fire pit. You mean those guys who say, "It's all for you!""

Whether it's a hero or an outstanding human being, most of them are missing screws somewhere!

It's almost a thousand years of soul time!

It had already been six years since he returned to the body of David, the helpless prince of the corrugated room, which was his original body.

2. The damn corridor.

Half a day after arriving at the Hall of Heroes.]

a hall of heroes, or a hall of heroes

It is a place where the spirits of legendary heroes or great figures who remain only in legends or records die and stay.

Apparently, it is a place of fame designed to raise the pride of those who have made great achievements.

No one knows who made it.

Everyone seems to have a strange expectation for me, who arrived for the first time, but there is not as much element as in the time of my eyes that I could have been called a hero by my sober evaluation.

Three days after arriving at the Hall of Heroes.

Even heroes who had entered the sleeping period rose up and gathered, saying that a new ShinBing had arrived after a long time.

Apparently, there are few new recruits because there are not many great achievements.

Of course, I must think that I have something like a great achievement.

The child, who is only about 10 years old, danced excitedly on his neck, saying, "It's amazing."

My conscience was poking me, but I said, "There's nothing." And then I instinctively shut my mouth because I felt like I was going to be beaten.

A week after arriving at the Hall of Heroes.

Whenever I meet him, he pats me on the back with compliments that seem to cringe.

illiterate people

It is also true that I feel like my shoulders are falling off with honest feelings about why I am so strong.

Sometimes I see them fighting for fun, for they're playing on a continent scale.

I'm getting scared. If it's known that I'm an ordinary person with nothing...

It's been two weeks since I arrived at the Hall of Heroes.

I got caught...

A month after arriving at the Hall of Heroes.

Cold, a dagger flies into my heart.

But I'm worried... no, it's not that.

I'm an ordinary human being with nothing, and I can't have a ticket to this space.

They seem to have properly scratched their petty pride.

A month and a half after arriving at the Hall of Heroes.

They are noble in their own way and they no longer growl to see if they understand my position, but they are not comfortable to look at all.

Even the rice that you eat is stuck in your throat, as if you are looking at a caterpillar that only makes you eat.

Those who are already dead and have souls left, heroes who once enjoyed the times.

It's so cheap with the meal.

Two months since I arrived at the Hall of Heroes.

There's nothing much to say, but the anger started when he yelled at me and got angry because he was annoyed by the view that he was a glutton who only ate rice.

I'm just going to zip up my mouth...

Two months and three days after falling into a hero's corridor.

They seem to have meetings for days and days to analyze the meaning of my coming here without any power or achievement.

It's already been three days of quiet meetings.

If you go close to the door of the huge hall, you can hear them fighting and shouting among themselves.

He began to worry that he might blow his head off because he deceived them.

And, after a long time, the meeting ended.

I couldn't say anything other than just watching them from afar.

Two months and fifteen days after falling into the hero's corridor.

Finally, someone came to see me.

When I first came here, I was a big man who brought a bag full of delicious snacks and urged me to eat it while dancing.

I've decided to comply with your request. It's funny how we say something when it's not your fault. It's been so boring that it's also fun. You're a family now, so I'll take responsibility for it, follow me."

That's how it started.

It's been a year since I fell into a hero's corridor.

[If the new kid in the corridor is not a hero, he can be raised to be a hero no matter what!]

The big man's name is Hercules. He said his education was survival.

I think I've heard a similar name somewhere... ...but sadly I don't think so.

He followed him because he told him to trust only himself and made him perfect, and he regretted it exactly half a day later.

It's a year.

The time he threw me into a forest full of mysterious monsters and left me until I survived!

Poisoned food... water... predators who attack day and night...

It's terrible to help just before you die.

It's been two years since I fell into a hero's corridor.

They are surviving in the desert

It's been three years since I fell into a hero's corridor.

This time, it looks like a tunnel. I still remember the sharp teeth of a mid-sized sandstorm that broke through the wall yesterday chewing on my body.

I don't know what I picked up, but my body got stronger and his teeth were ruined.

It's been seven years since I fell into a hero's corridor.

Damn Hercules!!

It's been 12 years since I fell into a hero's corridor.

Among the more than 10 years of survival training, my body has not grown a centimeter and I am not old.

What should we do about the big guy who dances big and big, saying that he has grown beyond his imagination.

Tapping on my exhausted back, I uttered nothing to be scared of.

"Now! This is enough of my training! If you're as good as yourself, you're not going to ruin my reputation as a disciple! Hahahaha! Then let's go to the next training session because the old black man is doing it for us!

I should have put my fist in his face then.

12 years and a day after falling into the hero's corridor.

He said he was an old man, but he was quite a young man.

I don't have to say this, but I don't think my life is that short, considering the life of the past life, the life of the present, and the life of the hero's corridor.

Being guided by Hercules, who only chanted "My Way," he was a man like a brute face.

The man was still a legendary figure who remained in the ancient books of the Tionis continent, where I was reincarnated.

Unlike his heavy image, Hares was a very pleasant and sharp man, unlike his commoner background, who held a sword and was called a sword.

Sword Haares, I've heard your name for sure.

Still, he was a great man he knew in his own way and had achieved considerable achievements, but it took less than a day for the fantasy to break down.

Perhaps he is not a sword, but a god of laziness.

It's been 15 years since I fell into a hero's corridor.

a near-disaster talent

Hercules said it, but I think my talent is very good.

It was his swordsmanship that had already been lost that he offered to teach me.

It wasn't as hard as it was for the first time to see the damn Hercules trainings... but in a different sense, the expression "hell" fits.

I shouldn't have held the first wooden sword and metal pocket he threw me...

It's been 25 years since I fell into a hero's corridor.

Damn swordsmanship! Just looking at swords makes me vomit! Don't make the sound of the sword swing!

Forty years since I fell into the hero's corridor.

He had his own talent.But it took a long time to surprise him.

He seems to have been alarmed for other reasons, but he has been feeling bitter because he thought he would have to invest decades more to beat him.

60 years since I fell into the hero's corridor.

I met a man who had a great conceit that he called himself an archer.

Greasy face and voice. His personality. He often calls a woman named Daphne, who he loved, but I think he'll have a hard time this time.

Why don't you run away? Dozens of people come looking for it with their eyes on it once or twice, but hiding is just a flea in a bottle.

It's been 80 years since I fell into a hero's corridor.

I... curse!! Come on, save me.

It's been 120 years since I've been in the same place.

My dream came true. Yes, I survived for a long time. But I don't feel alive here.

It's been 170 years since I've been in the same place.

Except for heroes who lost interest and fell asleep again, most of the writers did what they called training and torture.

Magic, singing, swordsmanship, chains. Fight... ..rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

Among them, the overwhelming psycho was a woman named Odin, who was called the Magician's Revolutionary.

I feel like it's a collection of extraordinary dorks.

It's been 200 years since I've been in the same place.

I met Hercules during training.

I rushed with bamboo spears to make a hole in my stomach right away, but when I came to my senses, it was abandoned in the field.

Apparently, for a survival expert, his power is one of the highest among heroes here.

It's been 300 years since I've been in the same place.

I'm getting tired of putting the ignorant martial arts in my head. Is that why? I got a mental illness.

One of the heroes who was studying my condition brought someone who fell asleep, saying that there might be a solution. She was called the god of medicine.

His name is Hippocrya... and he's a strangely familiar name again familiar name. Although the name seems to have changed a little.

What did he talk about with Hercules?

Time is the medicine.

She was asked to learn medicine during her mysterious acupuncture treatment.

350 years.

Acupuncture, surgical medicine, blood flow. a cure for disease and a cure Learn at random. This time, it's a thrilling study.

Talent sees light! Oh, oh!