3 # 3

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the first volume and the third installment.

When I returned to this body, I was worried that everything like mana, divine power, and commander might be flying away.

The skill of the magic or use of raw material is used, but the Mana Jukdo, the absence of Bob being a less than you.

As a result, fortunately, most of the power was safely attached to this body along with me.

The problem is that it is hardened like a stone and takes a considerable amount of time to use it all.

I've heard for sure that it will take a while to solve these hardened things right now.

'Move.'

He gave out a basic divine magic spear as if expressing his strong will.

"Listore."

But there is still no change.

'Move.'

At this point, it would have been time for a small amount to come out, but it's no joke.

Once it starts to flow, it will accelerate and the divine power will start to wake up on its own, but it is not easy to start.

The beginning is half the battle. To be honest, it would be a lie if it wasn't hard.

If they insist, I can't do it myself.

The stubborn counter is a brazen shamelessness.

I continue to ask for your favor in silence.

'Move.'

Once again, when I moved with a strong will, I felt as if the firm sacred power had shrunk very weakly.

It's very feeble, but I'm not the one to miss it.

Trying to hold back the laugh that was about to come out, one more time.

I politely ask for your stubbornness.

Give it to me. Move it before it explodes?'

Whooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh!

Squeeze!!

I could hear something cracking in my body.

At the same time, my eyes opened wide.

You can't miss an opportunity.

"Listor!"

As soon as he shouted out the spirit window, the divine power, which had been moving weakly, finally began to move.

The warm white energy slowly escaped from the solid mass of divinity and began to cover the body.

At last, as he succeeded in moving his divine power, he was called a joy of his own.

"Nice!"

When others see him, he looks like he's lying in bed and talking nonsense like a madman.

There's no one watching anyway.

Restorative magic, which wraps around the body like a warm blanket, is the basic divine magic that heals the inner image of the recovery system.

The structure itself was simple, so it was a magic that most priests who accepted the divine power could do.

Of course, if you ignore the basic magic, you'll see little efficiency.

The characteristic of divine magic is that unlike other magic, it can increase the level of sub-magic and amplify the effect.

That's why there is a difference between a high-ranking clergyman's repository and a new clergyman's repository.

"Wow... ..."

However, it is an equivalent exchange.

Considering the fact that he loses a lot of his strength to boost his resilience, it could not be regarded as a fraudulent magic.

It is a dangerous act that can be harmful to patients like me if they use their physical strength to boost their recovery.

But he didn't stop acting.

Whoo... Whoo!

As the white light slowly began to stop, the touch slowly returned to the leg, which had even a faint sense.

And when it was completely gone, I was satisfied with my toes moving.

The first one is toes. And the second is the ankle and the third is the knee.

Very slowly, I slowly pulled myself up from within the limit.

I desperately felt that I was in danger as if I was in need of power and that if I didn't hold something in my hand, I would fall down right away.

"Listore."

Of course, I'm not the one who needs to stop there.

Once the store was launched again with the intention of investing in such things, it is now empty.

However, if you increase the amount of sap that supplies nutrients to your body, it will be a matter of time before your body breaks down.

The effects of the repository began to heal brilliantly and showed noticeable changes.

Slowly. When I slowly raise myself up, I start to lift up to a strange joy.

How would a parent feel when a baby who was just crawling slowly stood up?

It's my body, but.

When raised with one hand supporting the wall, the lowered view slowly increases.

"Well, the air above is good."

Move gently and slowly, saying useless things.

Then he looked out the window.

Although he could not feel his popularity, the sun in the sky was shining brightly as if he were showing off his presence.

"Oh, I really wanted to try this."

Then I put my legs together and stood upright.

Then, lift both hands up to 45 degrees high in the sky and open their palms.

It looks like the letter Y.

"Tae..."

Proudly!

Hooray for the sun!"

with a jerk

Clang!

At the same time, I heard the sound of the door opening from the back and the glass falling and breaking.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

"Ah."

The timing is perfect.

As I slowly turned my head stiffly, I saw a little girl with a look of horror.

He is about in his mid teens. Given that she works as a maid, she must be as good as a man-made change.

It's nothing to say with my mouth, as I'm only in my mid-tenths, but I still look a little young to work as a maid.

Is it because of the unexpected embarrassment?

The strength of my legs came loose and my body collapsed, and I saw a girl running along with a scream.

"Well, degradation! Wake up!"

In the meantime, I bowed my head without even thinking of raising my face.

It's only possible to ask about the dark history without anyone seeing it.

"Ha, I want to die with my nose in the plate..."

* * *

"Hmm..."

An old man, who was looking at his body with a suspicious face, swept his beard.

The old man's name is Ramdas. He was a man of royal court status.

He was mainly a person with a rank that examined the king's personal condition and prevented the king from getting sick.

"There are some strange things, but my condition has improved remarkably. Do you have any pain that you haven't told me?"

"It's all right except for a little tired."

He nodded satisfactorily when he answered calmly.

If it had been in the past, I wouldn't have thought of treating an old man like this.

But this life was different.

I don't like it much, but I didn't know where I was.

Davy O'Loon.

He was also a full name given to me from birth.

My country is the Loun Kingdom, a common kingdom located in the eastern part of the continent.

As you may know if you have noticed the meaning, the people who use the surname "Loun" in the Loun Kingdom have one thing in common.

That's what royal families have in common.

Among them, I am the eldest son of the king.

It is not a matter of his own to say, but he meant that he was the king's first son.

"Hmm... one life is tough."

As I lay absentmindedly on the bed, I heard a voice that seemed to be full of days, and my eyes went to the temple.

What was seen at the end of the gaze was a woman with a gaudy look on her dress.

And behind her were two boys with mocking faces.

The current queen, Lynes Barieta.

And her sons, Kalus the second prince and Benedict the third prince.

"I didn't know my life was this tough."

"Yes, did you see the ungrateful man who shot you with an arrow?"

"I don't know. It's a blind arrow that flew like an arrow. Oh, have you been caught? Because he's a big sinner."

"No."

When she answered with a lot of meaning with bones, she spread out her fan to cover half of her face.

He is trying to hide his frown.

Queen Linness.

Before she became queen, her name was Lynes Barieta. She was also the eldest daughter of the Duke of Barieta.

"That's enough. We're done with the basics. You'll get better in a few years if you call in the priest regularly for treatment. From tomorrow morning, have a meal with Prince Davy. I'll send you a separate diet of liquid food that won't be burdensome."

"Yes."

"Thank you."

When he answered calmly, Ramdas bowed his head and stood up.

If we do, will we leave our convictions?"

When the woman followed him, there were only Queen Lynes, Prince Calus, and Prince Benedict in the room.

There is silence in the room because it is not a good relationship.

"I wish I had just died..."

"It's a shame that the eyesore has come back alive?"

"Huh!"

The light voice wriggled Queen Linnes' eyes.

But still I am a prince.

She is a queen.

Originally, it was a mother-son relationship, but everyone knew that Queen Linness and I were not in such a comfortable relationship.

All of a sudden!

When Queen Linnes left, Kalus and Benedict, who looked like they were laughing at something, quietly followed her.

"It's a disgrace that the first prince will be attacked and comatose, and will never be in the kingdom again. Let's go, Benedict."

With no provocation.

a room quieted in an instant It was so quiet that I thought it was too much for a person who woke up after nearly six years of sleep, but I didn't really feel sad.

It wasn't a familiar scene before you fell into a coma.

To be cool with it, this was rather better.

"You're a disgrace to the nation."

As he slowly managed his divine power with a smile and closed his eyes, the warmth sank again in his body.

Although he openly uses sacred magic, sadly, it was safe to say that there was no one in this palace who could notice my manna or commander, or divine power.

If there is too much difference in perspective, it is the same logic as it is difficult to penetrate the essence of the opponent.

Is it because he put all his attention into his recovery from the moment he woke up?

Even if it is not easy to move right now, it will be possible to move within a few days.

Once you start to move, you will gradually accelerate your pace and regain your original form.

It was a clear fact that the pace of recovery would gradually accelerate.

* * *

About two weeks have passed since I spent time in bed as if I had died without going anywhere else.

Perhaps thanks to his concentration on recovery, I felt that time had gone by quite quickly.