6 # 6

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the first volume of the first volume

Amy looks incredible at the deconstruction that she is so good at.

Frustrated, Marley threatened to throw her out if she stopped her one more time.

If the tip of the knife passes dangerously on such a topic, I am frightened as if I would scream.

Are you trying to protect me even in this situation?

Loyalty is too much or too cute?

It's not bad.

I have been taught to survive by Hercules, the self-proclaimed survival king, for decades.

In other words, the ability to catch and dismantle wild animals is a piece of gum.

Of course, it would be very troublesome for me to see this behavior in the eyes of others.

Who would believe the prince, who has just woken up and moved from his bed, would crawl into the hunting ground and catch wild boars?

It can be said that it is not normal for the first prince to be in the royal palace in the first place.

Even if there were no risk factors left, there was no way to make ends meet.

Queen Linnaeus has added a watchman.

It's been a long time since I've turned his eyes.

How can I be sure?

Command magic isn't for nothing.

Command Manna, unlike other Mananas and divine powers, has a great growth rate.

And the foundation of the head coach Manna is to confuse the opponent.

Your eyes will be as good as closing from the moment you put the baby on the watch without knowing the other person.

He smiled coldly at the palace of Queen Lynes, who was far away, cut the meat appropriately and sprinkled the prepared herbs and salt.

"By evening, I'll lose a lot of the smell. Amy, please run some errands."

"I... you understand..."

Now, they are crying and asking me to stop, but I just get more sadistic for no matter what.

"Tell Vespers one more time to get to know the King."

"Well... but..."

"I know it doesn't work, but tell me first."

"Okay."

Her steps, with her head down and often walking away, seemed very heavy.

He seems to be misunderstanding in his own way, but honestly, even if he had shared his blood now, he had no intention of reconciling with a man named Father.

I don't know what he thought he left me alone and didn't dig into the truth when I got to this point.

I didn't do anything when my old mother died, so...

You're just not a family anymore.'

He said, "When your head hardens, your thoughts harden."

Someone is immature. As I may say, I only urge this choice.

Why don't you visit him at night? All I wanted was a proper private meeting, and I didn't sneak in like an assassin and shout, "Why did you do that?"

He once said that he was a man who looked only at his mother and loved her only.

There was a love and affection for him in his mother's diary and a belief that he would never forget it even when he died.

But he was different. His love was only this much. My father, the only trace of my mother, was a human being.

I'm just watching him because he's such a guy. for one's own judgment

In the past, Bae's brothers thought that if they approached them sincerely, they would recognize them someday.

I was betrayed by them when I was 10 years old. He fell into a coma.

Surviving a blind arrow is like a miracle in a way. No, I knew best that it wasn't a blind arrow.

It was when a hunting contest was held inside the palace where I had been hunting wild boars.

The event was also held to promote the friendship between the royal family and the nobility.

There, I was hit by an arrow shot by Prince Calus. To my half-brother, who is one year younger than me.

Although the queen Linnes said she had not seen the criminal, the mockery she made after the Kalus child, who had been pickled in the immature Seonmin thought, shot an arrow at me, did not disappear from her memory.

Even though he was a half-brother, he tried to shoot him to death.

Isn't that funny?

Nevertheless, there is no evidence. And Queen Linness's power is as strong as that of an independent woman. And because of the fact that I didn't wake up, Kalus received no punishment.

That's why Queen Linnes, Prince Calus, and Prince Benedict came as soon as I woke up with a busy body.

She said she didn't know because her life couldn't be in danger, but the clever woman would not have believed it.

That's probably why we have a watchman.

I thought maybe the reason for making excuses to prevent the king from being able to understand her was because she was worried that I might have seen Kalus.

"No... ...that's 100 percent true."

Cleaned the meat and washed the blood with clean magic.

Then he burned all the dirty clothes he had put around him and everything he had on the floor without a trace.

Just a little bit.

In the eyes of others, I needed to appear to be a weak and powerless lucky prince who lived with difficulty life.

It's the kind of prince who brings me meat that someone hunts every day.

* * *

"Davie degradation, I've brought you a meal.

Her face turns red when she smiles at her bowing head.

"Would you like to eat with me?"

"That... that can't be!..."

"Just eat it."

That's how the rumors get better.

He's stupid and he doesn't even know his position. The more the opponent looks down on me, the more relaxed the movement that keeps me in check.

"But..."

"I think I told you not to let me say it twice."

"I'm...I'm sorry.

"Come and sit down."

Speaking calmly, she crunched and sat down cautiously in the opposite seat.

Now she is the only ally in this palace. It's like a treat.

"Eat well. It's not normal for you to manage this palace by yourself."

"It's my job."

"Nobody in this palace does as much work as you do."

"That's not fair! I just... ..just what you asked me to do..."

"That's a lot, too."

It's hard for her to manage most of it alone.

Because of that, I boldly abandoned the management of this palace.

It would be better if there were more rumors.

The more rumors go around that I'm incompetent, the more I'll be safe.

Even if I were Queen Linness, I would not put the blame on me and put it away immediately.

It's only a slap in the face.

It's not that the wall is weak enough to eat it.

"It's delicious. I'll be loved when I get married."

"Go... Thank you."

"I'll make sure to repay you later."

시녀는 원래 허드렛일을 하지 않는다. 그건 하녀들의 담당이지 몰락귀족이라 해도 귀족 출신인 그녀가 할 일은 아니었다.

그럼에도 불구하고 그녀가 허드렛일까지 도맡아 하는 건 이 빌어먹을 작자들이 궁을 나 몰라라 하고 도망쳤기 때문이었다.

이제 와서 후환이 두려우니 머리를 들이밀어 보려는 자들이 보인다만 그들이 돌아왔을 때가 이 궁에서 그들의 마지막이 될 거라고 자신했다.

나는 정이 많았던 거지 멍청하게 호구 짓을 해왔던 게 아니니까.

하나같이 나름대로 뒷배를 가지고 있으니 이 핑계 저 핑계를 대고 돌아오지 않고 있는 것일 터다.

"국왕 폐하 알현 요청에 대한 답변은?"

"그것이......."

"You'll see, you're turning me down.

"I'm sorry. Degraded..."

In a melancholy voice, she bowed her head carefully.

"That's enough. What did I tell you to find out?

"Oh, I've already recognized that... ..but why would I... ..."

She bowed her head again when she saw her without speaking to her question.

"I'm sorry. How dare I ask..."

"No, something like that."

He chewed the meat and swallowed it calmly. As he continues to recover from the repository magic, his appetite is very strong.

Of course.

'...and the inside...'

The problem is that intestinal activity is getting too active.

I'm telling you, unless you get rid of the cartilage and use waste as nutrients, your intestinal activities will continue to be violent.

That thought somehow made me feel bitter.

* * *

"What the hell are you thinking?"

While sitting at a table drinking black tea quietly, Queen Linness hardened her face.

"How likely is it that he's acting?"

"Listening to the priests examining Prince Davy, his body is still in such a delicate situation that it is limited to moving lightly. Considering the current pace of treatment, they say they need to recuperate for at least a year."

The woman in the maid's uniform answered quietly.

She looked like an ordinary maid of honor, but she was a little different from an ordinary maid of honor.

An A-class informant of the assassin Guild Black Moon, who sits in the capital of the Loun Kingdom.

The presence of A-class informants was truly amazing.

Lynes watched the woman in front of him, savoring the tea without a word.

an undisturbed appearance

Apparently an accomplished woman, she could see enough.

The arrogance and murder in the eyes of a woman with an ice-cold face that silently answers silently.

Her ability to live without a specific object is great, but she has been an ambitious person with good eyes since she was young.

Given that he is an intelligence agent who can be recognized no matter where he is on the continent, and that he is ready to assassinate many high-ranking aristocrats overnight.

That's why she commissioned the Black Moon Guild to keep her at her side in the long run.

There may be more assassins on the continent than she is, but it was clear that at least within this kingdom, her ability was one of the best.

At least if she has power, she protects herself. There was nothing to be greedy about, because you could get rid of the annoying things.

In fact, if she was to risk someone's life, she would have been able to win the blood within a few days.

a machine built for murder

That's how she felt when Lynes saw her. If she stepped forward, the information would be almost true, and if she did, a good target would be found dead the next day.

But why does it feel so uncomfortable?

"What is the possibility that the informant you sent didn't identify?"

When Prince David Olloun woke up after six years of coma, he was actually very surprised.

But she calmly grasped the situation and soon recalled that there was nothing he could do.

It didn't matter if he knew that Davy was nearly killed by an arrow shot by Kalus in a hunting contest.

You can use threats to bury them in moderation.

The king is not interested in my son anyway.

As such, Davy's leash was always held by himself.

I'm just looking for a justification to deal with it in time.

When asked by Lynes, Shari's eyes, an A-class black moon informant, became strangely cold.