16 # 16

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the first volume of the 16

Flanders Hall, the grand banquet hall of the Duchy of Felisty, arrived with two people, Winnie and Barris, and the music was still ringing to see if many people had already arrived.

"Welcome. Prince Davy, Prince Barris and Princess Winley. I'm Kram, the leader of the Duchy of Felisty."

"Well done. Chief of staff."

As soon as he arrived at the hall, Barris showed a human smile over his servants and maid-in-law, who looked down in a row.

"I've been waiting."

"I don't think it's too late."

"Don't mention it."

Responding politely, he stretched his hand quietly toward the entrance to the banquet hall.

"Please, most of the VIPs have already arrived."

"Then, please."

"Leave it to me."

He spoke calmly, and when he winked, the servants who were guarding the door quietly opened the door.

Then the interior of the splendid banquet hall began to be seen gradually.

At the same time, the eyes of the people inside the hall began to turn this way.

9. A battle.

The age limit for all participants in the Continental Swordsman Competition is 20 years old or younger than 20 years old.

As such, most of the participants were young.

Of course, for those who have been with me and Winley, the age limit was various, but I felt that there were quite a lot of young people.

It may be a little burdensome for the quick eyes.

Varys walked away with a carefree smile.

"Orabani, shall we go?"

"Yes."

Then, Winri smiled and spoke quietly, and slowly walked into the hall following Barris.

Is this what they're saying when their eyes are focused on?

At the appearance of three of us, people have generously sent curious eyes.

Among them, the most eye-catching was none other than Barris.

By all means, he has the skills of an Expert intermediate level, which is incredible by the standards of children my age.

I don't know, but I think I've heard some rumors.

In a way, it was safe to say that his interest in him was expressed because he was a competitor.

I'll be a competitor for now.

"Oh, my God, I heard you're talented, but you're selfish."

"By the way, is that Lady the Princess Winley, Prince Barris' twin sister?"

"You're a beautiful woman."

Suddenly, I heard someone mumbling from afar.

I think they're saying I can't hear it, but my hearing is very good.

In fact, Barris and Winley were just smiling awkwardly, as if they hadn't heard such a voice.

"Nice to meet you, Prince Barris. I am the Marquis of Coldium, Kingdom of Perdisha..."

"Nice to meet you. Count Voltis of the Kingdom of Hushan...

Although there are boundaries as competitors, on the contrary, did they think that it was worth getting close to each other?

Varys gave a look of salvation to the boys approaching him with seemingly good smiles on all sides.

Of course,

"Winley. Shall we sing a song?"

Neat disregard is sometimes a good choice.

"Tear, brother..."

The mournful voice of Varys, who seems to be dying, is lightly ignored.

* * *

As the music of the hall changed and those with their partners began to dance, the atmosphere of the banquet began to ripen lightly.

"This is your first time dancing with her, right?"

After the music was over, Win-ri, who laid her hand down, smiled still.

"That's right."

"When she fell into a coma, I was an eight-year-old kid who hadn't even made his social debut."

This is the case with most of the countries of the continent, but social debuts of aristocrats or royal women usually took place between the ages of 14 and 15.

And the royal family is a little bit faster than that.

So it was safe to say that Winley's social debut came while I was in a coma.

I can't believe you're sending such a child to the firehouse.

As if to recall the past, Winnie smiled with her eyes fixed on the banquet hall.

"That's a relief. You're recovering now, but one day everyone will appreciate you."

The smile without pretense was naturally smiled.

They are very affectionate, considering they were born in the royal palace.

The only people in the royal palace of the Loun Kingdom were the cold ones with no affection left, but I was curious how these guys came out among themselves.

"And my brother was very good at swordsmanship."

He turned to me as if he remembered the forgotten fact.

"Sword, what's the point now?"

"Drink that. My brother is still young."

"It's a little early to hear from a little girl who's just 14 years old, isn't it?"

"Hehe."

A smiling fellow took a light gulp of grape juice.

It was then.

"Lady Winley."

In a good way, it was a soft voice, and in a normal way, it made me feel very cheesy.

Most of the attention was on Barris, a mixture of aristocratic boys and girls, but Winley seemed to have been given a break.

Surely, there was nothing strange about being looked at because the proportion of men and women was concentrated mainly on men, and Winnie had quite a cute cuteness.

"Ah..."

However, Winnie seemed to already know who her opponent was.

"I'm seeing you again."

"Oh... yes, Prince Valtien de Voltiz."

She spoke awkwardly with a stiff face, but she stepped back without realizing it.

But he held out one hand to her as if he didn't care.

"Can you please spare me some time to chat with you?"

Win-ri, who is not picky about people at all, is a person who resigns with all these colors.

I suddenly got curious.

"I'm sorry, Prince Baltic, but I'm having a chat with my brother."

Only then did he turn to me at her words.

I've been looking at it from the beginning, but I'm pretending to find it now.

He kicked his tongue inside and smiled.

Even if you want to beat these nobles to death right away, you can only laugh on the outside.

"Oh, I'm disrespectful. I am Baltician de Voltiz, the 7th prince of the Kingdom of Voltiz."

"Davie All-Own."

His eyebrows wiggled when he answered briefly.

I'm sorry, but isn't it too late to feel good?

I thought so inwardly and looked him in the eye.

It was a momentary moment, but the feelings he briefly reflected when he looked at me were slight.

No matter how much I was a prince, it was very rude to see the royal family of another country with that view.

But he didn't seem to care at all.

"But why is Prince Davy here?"

"I'm here to watch my brother's game."

"I see. I hope you take a good picture of yourself."

With a meaningful smile on his face, he turned to Winley and smiled cheesyly.

"I'll give you the honor of winning this Continental Swordsman contest, so look forward to it."

Wynri's expression of disapproval was obvious to his gregarious tone of voice.

No matter how hard I was in public, I could see the answer sheet clearly if a person who is quite self-managing made such an impression.

"Did you know that was rude to the people who gathered here?"

"Yes, but it wouldn't be rude if it was true."

"My twin brother will participate in this competition, and I can only take it as a disregard to say this in such a situation."

Frigid, Winnie looked up at me as if there was nothing more to hear.

"Orbani, let's go."

"......."

Just silently.

It's not difficult, but I didn't mean to burden Winnina and Barris for nothing.

Just as I was about to turn around and leave her position.

"Are you looking down on me?" "Winley, the Queen!"

Prince Baltic quickly approached her and reached for her, as if he didn't want to see her.

Let's stop here.

'I've put up with it a lot. At this point, all the characters of the disciples are dead.'

Bam!

Ooddeuk!

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

If you have a chance, use it quickly.

It's a common idea, but it's not right to fight with a knife in your mouth and cover it with a cloth.

It was also inappropriate to tolerate excessive disrespect.

* * *

Distinguishing public and private matters is an essential element for royalty and aristocrats.

I don't laugh carelessly even if I feel dirty or happy.

That is the life and responsibility of the aristocracy.

To be honest, I think it's nonsense.

It's just a colorful excuse to use people as they please.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Baltic on one knee gave a painful scream. Thanks to this, all the eyes of the people around gathered here.

"Are you an elder brother?"

"I don`t know anything else, but you shouldn`t touch someone else`s precious little brother."

When he spoke with a calm or gentle smile, he was young in blood in Prince Baltic's eyes.

"Wow..."

"You're lucky, you've just left your bones."

"Gasp!"

When he let go of his tightly held hand, he gasped and grabbed my wrist.

It's not a job to break such a person's arm bones just by grabbing and twisting lightly, but if that happens, things will get a little bigger.

If it happens, Varys may be disqualified in reverse.

Whatever it is, it's okay if there's no evidence left.

This will make him run wild, but he will be fine after some time, so there will be nothing more to complain about.

He stared at me with spiteful eyes and stepped back from me.

The relaxed and greasy impression of the other day was nowhere to be found and a dirty boy was present.

Then he took off his gloves and threw them at me.

"I request a duel!"

Even those who were not interested in the cry turned to me.

A visit to participate by noble restraint and young members of each country, and they even accompanied a small number of people.

Oh, I can't help but concentrate...

Hm.

After glancing at the glove that fell on the floor, he looked up coldly and cried out as if he was angry.