10 # 10

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the first volume of the tenth installment

A footless horse goes a thousand miles.

What I did spread quickly inside the palace.

As it was rumored, Amy asked the guards for help, so there was nothing more to look at.

Argh!

I turned my head on a cool-up slap.

When I looked up without a word, I saw a woman standing with a fierce look.

Queen Linness.

She was a low-ranking priest who I killed and now holds most of the power of this palace.

"You're really crazy!"

"Crazy..."

"How dare you kill a priest who has been sent from the Holy Land!"

I grinned at her cry.

"The Venerable Bort threatened my life for my greed. So we punished them according to the law, but is there a problem?"

"He's still here!"

She raised her arms once again to see where she had thrown her usual graceful figure.

But it was faster for me to open my mouth.

"Isn't that funny?"

"What?"

"Before I fell into a coma, this much of the royal law did not flow to the opening."

She was silent about what I said.

"I have given you this message, and your Majesty is silent. In that situation, I cut down the enemy who defamed the royal family, but I'm getting in trouble. That's a funny situation. The status of the royal family is less than that of a lower priest."

I smiled and made eye contact with her.

I wasn't myself in the past, who was too burdened to look at.

Normally, I would have bought myself, but I didn't try to recover my body and change my training for three months to avoid other people's eyes.

I just did it because I need the power to protect my body.

"How dare you bring your Majesty and the royal authority... ...and you're so crazy."

"Well, I don't know if I'm crazy. I wonder if this royal family is going crazy."

I looked at her with a grin on my face.

"There is no evidence. Whatever reason you cut him off, this is not light enough to judge by your petty, stupid head. There will be a complaint from the Holy Land right now!"

"......."

"Well... I knew you were stupid like my mother, but I never thought you'd be so rash."

Her words deepened my laughter.

"I take after my mother, of course."

"The vulgar thing. You're so mean with your mother."

"It is not good to curse parents in front of their children. Queen Degradation."

"Hmm!"

There was a momentary burst of life. Unformed living is impossible to control, but if Manna mixes weakly, speculation and living are bound to be enough weapons.

Looking at me with a face that turned pale in an instant, she retreated.

At the same time, the maidens, who felt abnormal in Queen Linness's behavior, flinched.

All of them can't see their hands, and they seem to have noticed their livelihood and stopped after pulling out their swords. Nor was it the act of a basic maid of honor.

One of the poets had a peculiarly dark feeling.

'Hooray......'

"Loyalty is good to see. It would have been fun if I had picked a little more."

I erased my life and smiled as if I had done so.

"Too many men hasten their orders. That's not the decline of the queen, but someone else. The act of assassinating the same royal family will not go away."

"Your son..."

"Please make your choice carefully. I don't have anyone to be treated like I used to be."

I got up from my seat without regret and held a cane.

Then I shuddered past her.

"I'm tired, so could you go back? As you can see, the palace itself is out of control, so I can't believe a humble person came to this precious place."

"You punk! "

"And I'd like you to settle down in my palace. As you can see, the palace is in a bit of a state."

As I turned around as if there was nothing more to say, I could feel her looking at me with a confused face.

My intentions were plainly conveyed.

It is not appropriate to have a knife in your mouth and cover it with a cloth and use an invisible knife.

I have a reckless and behavioral personality that I would have turned over the day that I woke up if I had kept my original strength.

She was not such a stupid woman that I didn't know the meaning of what I said, so she stared at me with spiteful eyes and turned away.

The card I can use certainly has a shelf life. If you don't use it when you can, you'll end up using it someday.

So I boldly hinted at one thing to her.

I saw Carlus, the bloody prince, shot me an arrow at a hunting contest six years ago.

She was wondering whether I knew it or not, so she must have made clear that I knew the whole story.

Sooner or later, I'll try to cover my mouth.

"Oh, by the way, all the people who had to work in the palace were thrown out. It's not good to play useless games."

"......."

"The Queen is in charge of the housekeeping of the royal family. I'd like you to catch them all as soon as possible. If you keep doing this, there might be some weird rumors going around."

Her eyes were bleary with what I said.

I made it clear.

It's not my taste to pretend to fight with a knife in my mouth.

"Those who managed to embezzle royal funds are not guilty. As far as I know..."

I mumbled and smiled, mumbling and agonizingly at the end of my speech.

"I'd have been beheaded. Haha, you're not stupid enough to not know that."

She snorted at my words and strode away.

That was enough.

After lying down on the bed satisfactorily, I pulled Manna up and saw four circles rotating inside my body.

It is magic that moves along the bloodstream, not the heart.

Search Eye.

Like the commander Manada, who symbolized secrecy, an invisible black air stream stretched out in other people's eyes and clung to Queen Linnes' body.

It won't last that long, but you've got eyes on it. It was quite satisfactory for a slap on the cheek.

* * *

"......."

Queen Linnes, who returned to the room without a word, remained silent with a ferocious face.

"Lower Queen."

Argh!

At the sight, the women quietly opened their mouths and were slapped in the face by her.

"Moving quickly. Do you really want to die?"

At her strong cry, the women looked down with their mouths shut.

"I'm sorry."

He had a suspiciously expressionless face.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Perhaps even angrier at the sight, Queen Linnes soon began to hysterical, throwing everything she could reach.

Most people in the palace knew that her personality was not very good.

No one stopped her even if the glass was broken and the wooden table was smashed.

I just wait for her to finish this hysteria quickly.

"Sigh... Sigh..."

After a long rampage, she put her hand on the smashed table with a grim face.

Then he clenched his fist and growled as if it were bleeding.

"A thousand that I don't even know my place!"

It was not like that in the past.

He was a fool who looked like his humble mother.

He was the kind of guy who could clean up if he tried to clean up right away.

However, he was different when he woke up from a coma.

It's as if you've become a completely different person.

"Come on. If you want to die, there's nothing you can't do."

Breathing hard, she murmured low.

"Keep doing that. Your reckless behavior will tighten your breath."

She didn't know that Davey was humming with her hysterical cry.

* * *

The result went as expected.

Rumors began to spread inside the palace.

Prince David Olloun is crazy.

In a frenzy, he killed the people nearby without a hitch and lost his royal dignity.

As more than half of the people inside the palace are her people, it was a moment when my image plummeted as rumors spread.

In the past, however, it was not a weak and kingly title, but it was recognized as a kind prince with a lot of affection, but now it is treated like a madman.

"Ha! The medicine has arrived today, too!"

While reading quietly, Amy, the poet-in-law, came in carefully and made a fuss.

She seemed quite shocked by the way I wielded my sword, but she would soon smile as if she had noticed that I was trying to save her, not anyone else, and that I was usually a normal, or rather a kind person.

I felt good because I felt like I was looking at my cute brother.

There was no one younger than me in the corridor, so even if I'm not good at it, my older sister or brother. He was called as an uncle grandfather, but none of them treated him as a younger brother.

I am 16 years old here. She is a little younger than me.

In this regard, if it was a younger brother, he was right.

The difference in status is enormous.

Isn't it right for me to protect my people?

"Who's putting it there?"

At first, he only brought the ingredients and cut down the priest's borte and has arrived at the medicinal ingredients.

Although it was not widely rumored because it arrived secretly, it is quite helpful to me.

Of course, I don't need medicine, so I just keep it well.

Clearly, my body has recovered.

After five months of concentration on recovery and training, the aftermath began to manifest itself.

As the recovery accelerated, it was also an instant to become healthy enough to not recognize it.

When someone came and went at night, but pretended not to know, she smiled back and forth.

"Well, I don't know if anyone who knows Davey's personality is helping him secretly."

"Do you think I have a good personality?"

"Yes!"

A smile came out of his smile as he nodded his head and smiled brightly.

He's a great guy in many ways because he looks like that even though he cut a person in front of his eyes.

"Take care of the medication and put it in."

"I'll give you some medicine..."

"I know my body well. The medicine I'm taking now is enough."

She cried when she refused, but soon nodded.

I do what I want to do.

"David, are you?"

I heard someone calling me while we were chatting like a joke to Amy.

Slowly I got up from my seat and went outside, and an old butler in neat clothes bowed to me.

"I see the little sun in the kingdom."

"I don't care. What's going on?"

I know who the old man is. Vespers, the foreman.

He was the chief mourner of the royal family and the head of the royal family.

I am an old man who has been working here since I was born.

"These are the ones who embezzled the budget of Prince I's palace and fled from their duties under the command of Queen Linness."

I squinted at his firm words and let out a small exclamation.

Looking back, I could see a little more than 10 characters kneeling on the floor, all of whom were trapped with frightened faces.