15 # 15

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the 15th installment of the first volume

The Duchy of Felisty is a very small country among many countries on the continent.

How small a country is...

It is safe to say that it has the size of a small city-state like Singapore.

Of course, the size of the city is a little larger than most other cities.

"Wow... my brother! Look! It's the Duchy of Felicity!"

"Hooray."

WINRI jumped up and down to see if the admiration was flowing out of itself.

She glistened her eyes at the vast beautiful waterways surrounding the whole city.

"That's cool."

Innocent admiration flowed out without a single lie.

The Duchy of Felicity is a small country, so there is not much to suggest, but there is only one thing.

The beauty of the capital city was not inferior to that of any other empire.

The huge waterways surrounding the capital city were connected to various parts of the city, creating a beautiful scene as if it were a canvas.

"The Duchy of Felicity is a small city-state to look at as a country, but as a city-state built over ancient ruins, it is also famous on the continent for its exterior."

Baris, who got off the horse, flirted with the scenery of the city, as he was watching without a word.

"Looking at your expression, you seem to like it quite a lot?"

"Yes,"

He was proud to open his heart when he recited his impressions without a lie.

"Hahaha! I'm glad you're so happy, I think I'm glad you're ready. The competition will last for four days anyway, so you'll be able to see it in the meantime."

"Right, brother, why don't you start looking around the city tomorrow and follow this idiot to the circular arena, which is the pride of the Duchy of Felicity?"

"Round stadium?"

"Yes! I heard it's a great stadium with beautiful waterways. It's going to be crowded from tomorrow, so let's take a look around now!"

"Shall we?"

"Don't steal my words!"

"Huh! You're gonna meet the supervisor, aren't you? I'm going to take my brother around."

Winley is not allowed to participate in this competition because she has never learned to use a sword.

Nevertheless, she followed me here for a reason, but it was also to support my twin brother.

They hated losing each other but were not honest.

* * *

The principal business of the Duchy of Felesti is none other than tourism.

In fact, as the exterior of the city was incredibly beautiful, the architectural styles and various sculptures inside were mysterious and beautiful.

Among them, this was a circular stadium where aristocrats from other countries who came to visit once, which I now followed two of them.

"It's supposed to be used as a speculative site. Participating gladiators, monsters, or people to compete against each other will gather to compete. Brother."

"That's useless barbarism."

Varys grumbled strangely that he didn't like it.

"Peace-stricken public wants something stimulating."

Varys laughed bitterly at my words.

"Still, the human rights sector is slowly getting better. The Kingdom of the Louns will one day..."

He muttered in a big dream.

"By the way, how many people are there in total?"

While looking around the stadium, I was suddenly questioned and asked Varys, and he pushed him away and smiled.

"I heard that a total of eight countries are participating this time. Even though it looks like this, Varys is also the representative of the Loun Kingdom."

"Hey! What the hell does it look like!"

"Sad!"

Wynry giggled with a strange sneer.

"Starting with the Palan Empire, the host country, the Loun Kingdom, the Flip Kingdom, the Shordan Kingdom, and so on, representatives will be selected from various countries."

The purpose of the continental sword competition seems to be to discover the talents of young people, but it is said that this system is a battle of pride between countries.

"Of course, only men and women under the age of 20 can participate in the competition as it is for young people."

"What about those who haven't been selected?"

"First of all, it's a national competition with national talents. It seems that the sword competition for full talent discovery is not the season."

Wynry grumbled strangely that he didn't like it.

"If it's talent-hunting, we should give the talented people from all over the world a chance to challenge fairly."

"There are too many participants to do that."

The words were also true.

In the end, this is exactly what a shining apricot looks like.

"Oh! I heard that the Sword Princess of the Palan Empire is also participating in this competition."

"Princess of the Sword?""

"You don't know? It's quite famous. If I say that name in the Lounge Kingdom, the little ones will know."

"Hmm..."

Varys asked in doubt, but honestly, nothing really came to mind.

Even though I was confident that my previous memory was quite clear.

In the end, while I was in a coma, I found nothing but the fact that I was a newly known person.

"Hey! My brother was in a coma!"

As Varys tilted his head suspiciously, Winri was furious and tore his shin open.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

"Huh! That's great!"

"Oh, my God!"

For a moment to stare blankly at the two struggling men.

Varys uttered a groaning voice.

"It's the forbidden corn of the Palan Emperor. As you know, the Palan Empire has eight princes and only one princess."

"Hmm... the Palan Empire is definitely a great power."

"Of course, the Palan Empire is a great power and the only empress, so there are some famous things, but that's not enough. The reason why the Ilyna is famous is because of her title as the owner of the Shingam."

"The Sword?"

The word "sin-gum" caught my attention for a momentarily.

"Yes. An ancient hero, the owner of the sword [Caldiras], famous for his sword. It's one of the greatest masterpieces of his life."

Caldiras.

It was a name I heard for the first time in quite a while.

Even though the lazy swordsman's personality was the same shape, he was sure of his sword skills.

He had already heard of the new sword he used to have a scab on his ear.

Did you say it was a sword that cut the demon?

"Caldiras......"

There were a total of two people who taught me the sword.

One person is the sword god Hares in the ancient history of the Tionis continent.

And another is Dokgojun, the heavenly horse of magic.

Come to think of it, Hares was a man here, so it would not be strange if his traces were left.

"Thousands of years have passed, but the blade is not damaged. I heard that Ego is young and is a great magical sword that expresses magic on its own magic."

"Egora..."

The spirit of the craftsman and the spirit of the prosecutor are imbued with the sword.

That was Ego.

"The sword, which has been covering its owner for hundreds of years, recently picked its owner. That's the Ilyanna."

WINRI smiled back and added an explanation.

"Brother, and there's one more reason why the Ilyna is famous."

"There's more?"

"Yes, that's... ..."

The man with a moxibustion smiled grimly.

"She's a wonderful beauty."

"Oh, that's interesting."

"It's also called one of the five most beautiful women on the continent."

The owner of Caldiras, the sword of the sword Hares, and whatever, what Barris said just now is the most attractive word.

* * *

The physiology of aristocrats is quite simple.

All participants in the continental sword competition are representatives selected from the country.

And they were also hopefuls who would lead the nation in the future.

Should we just make them fight?

Of course not.

In a way, it was a natural result that the banquet was held to strengthen friendship among hopefuls who would lead the continent in the future.

However, it was a little surprising for me and Winnie to attend the banquet, let alone for Varys who participated in the competition.

"Um......."

"You don't like it, degradation?"

Amy asked me carefully when I looked around, swallowing the moan.

"Isn't it too obvious? Do you have any more modest clothes?"

"No! He's rather modest. Degraded!"

He cried out loud, as if he could never give up any more.

My conscience is poked by the face that looks so unfair that I wonder if I rolled it too much.

"Oh, dear..."

"The demeanor of you is directly related to the dignity of the Loun Kingdom. Even if you don't like it..."

"Yeah, thanks for your consideration. Let's go with this."

"Yes!"

The man who was looking up as if he would burst into tears at my words answered vigorously.

In order to participate in the banquet, I tend to be busy preparing for one thing or another.

Of course, it is fortunate that men are less, but Winley also expressed that he sees hell as he said.

"Huh, can you draw a line on a pumpkin and make it a watermelon?""

"This is it!"

Puck!

I began to see small twins struggling to make sure they were ready for the banquet.

"Oh, my brother!"

While staring at each other and growling, Win-ri first found me and ran with her eyes shining brightly.

Varys, who had just kicked his shin, seemed to have no idea.

"Wow! As expected, my brother is really cool!"

"Thank you."

"Unlike that playboy over there!"

"Hey! Why am I a playboy?"

"What, did I say wrong?"

What if someone else sees them struggling and fighting again?

Of course, on the surface, I didn't know they were on pretty good terms.

"You're pretty. I think you're a fairy."

"Hehehehe. You're so..."

It's like lip service, but it wasn't empty.

The green dress, which was tailored to the same color as the green hair, was a pretty look of a girl of my age who could not feel the excessive splendor or the unbecoming maturity.

In fact, in a few years, there will be a beautiful woman who will make men cry.

I guess I felt good about my compliment, so Winnie, who took the hem of the dress and turned around, reached out to me.

"Well, nice prince. Are you going to give me the honor of escorting me today?"

"I think we've changed the host. There's nothing you can't do."

When I lightly held his hand, I could see Varys kicking his tongue.

"Something like a bull fox."

Of course, Winnie, who was so happy, didn't pretend to be familiar with this.