13 # 13

The Manreb hero is coming back!

The 13th installments

Behind King Krianes, who looked around us in a tired groan, there was Queen Liness and Queen Anisha, who were smiling brightly on the outside, hiding their innermost thoughts.

Then came the Duke of Barieta, the head of the aristocracy, the Swordmaster and the Knights of the Inner Palace, and several other nobles.

"I see the sun of the kingdom."

"The sun of the kingdom..."

I spoke quietly with my head down, and Barris and Winley followed me.

"Yes, are you confident?"

He seemed indifferent to his incessant and self-centeredness.

It's as if you're not interested.

"Yes, Your Majesty! I will surely win a prize and raise the status of the kingdom."

To such a question of his own, Varys answered it vigorously, as he has always been.

Was the answer quite satisfactory?

King Criannes soon swept down his beard, nodded, and sighed briefly.

"Come back safely."

He patted Varys on the shoulder and soon smiled in response to Varys' light smile and turned his eyes away.

What he looked at was my face.

His face was young with a mixture of emotions.

To be honest, I couldn't easily feel the other person's feelings because I understood them well.

It's called a government record.

Even old and tired lions did not seem to disappear anywhere.

"I'm sorry."

He said nothing more.

I didn't really think about doing emotional arm with him now, so I just looked down.

"Listen! Prince Varys' participation in the Continental Swordsman is a royal road! As of this day, Jim will release the evil spirit and declare a festival to the kingdom!"

"Yes! Your Majesty."

At the cry of Criannes, the nobles answered in chorus.

"Give special pardons to those who have committed minor crimes!"

There were some strange expressions of dissatisfaction with the way things were handled when there was a really big celebration in the country, but no one refused his orders.

Special amnesty decree, in fact, is one of the most incomprehensible.

"Go, go and raise the status of the Lounge Kingdom!"

At the end of the remark, Varys, who slowly rose, nodded.

"Let me open the gate!"

Supporting!!!!!

At the same time, when the wizard who was manipulating the Mana Gate shouted loudly, a huge blue circular structure made behind me began to emit light.

The strange wave of power slowly created a whirlpool, creating a huge gap, and the procession leading to the Principality of Felicity began to shine as if it would completely cover the podium.

She's...

Soon after, the wizard's starter came out, causing a huge wave to engulf the procession.

The expressionless face of King Criannes, who disappeared into the light and glanced beyond it. And to the sight of Queen Linnaeus with a mysterious face, I closed my eyes silently and just silently.

* * *

The procession to the Duchy of Felisty was simple.

There are four princes, Baris, who lead the way to participate, and Winnie and I, who accompany him to cheer for him.

And there were only five servants, five or six women, and five knights for escort.

Of course, four of us are top-notch Sword Expert.

Considering that each and every one of them is a powerful force of strategic weapons, the immediate safety must have been secured.

Their speculation must have the ability to crush enemies in the middle of nowhere.

Perhaps because of that, it was a boring journey that it was not easy to find even animals, let alone bandits, even if they went hiking.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhh...

In fact, Varys, who lived a rough life, did not seem to be able to stand such boredom.

"You idiot! It's good to be bored!"

"Do you like this crazy boredom?"

"I don't want to! But there's my brother, and who wants to attack him, you idiot?!"

Varys looked at me with a prick at Winley's blow.

From his sickbed, but I have to go on horseback by right after not that long ago realized that Barys lashed out at me in horse-drawn carriages.

It was a more boring journey thanks to you, but I didn't feel bad about his mind.

"I think we should camp here today."

The driver who was leading the way, Lord Vlcano, reported.

Feliz Duchy of a more had to go on horseback at least a day if not to get.

Unfortunately, the Duchy of Felicity is a small country among small countries.

As a result, there was no Mana Gate, so in order to move, we had no choice but to take the Mana Gate to a nearby territory and walk directly overland.

Fortunately, is the territory of the Duchy very close to the Loun Kingdom?

With his servant, maidens, and knights scattered for the escort, Barris asked, flicking a branch into the campfire.

"How do you feel, brother?"

"That's right. Brother, do you like the gift we've prepared? In the past, you said you wanted to camp out like you were going on an adventure. I'm afraid you might feel uncomfortable with the grand procession, so I minimized the procession."

There was a laugh at the two guys laughing and saying, "Please compliment me quickly."

"Yes, thank you. You guys."

It could be annoying because there was no blood, but there was a warm air in the way he took care of me.

Varys sat down and chatted about what he was so excited about, recalling the days when he was young.

Winley also had a smile on his face as if he didn't like it, even though he was trying to put up with it.

"Brother?"

But despite their conversation, my eyes were fixed on the other side of the forest.

"Are you an elder brother?"

Winley carefully asked me if I suddenly felt strange about that gaze.

"Oh... well?"

"Try this."

"Yes, thank you."

"But what are you looking at so closely?"

"That's right, sir. Is there anything out there?"

I didn't answer the question with a grain of salt.

Just staring at the other side of the forest blankly, they looked at each other as if they were worried about me.

"It's nothing. It's late, so I'll go in first and rest. Would you like to take a rest in the carriage?"

Two guys shook their heads at my suggestion.

"I'm comfortable with tents, sir."

"Me, too."

Who would say these guys are noble royalty?

I already felt worried about who would take Winley if he was so excited about it, Barris said so.

"Huh. Camping looks good on you if you're so uptight, I'm already worried about who'll take you later.

"Huh! I'm going to live with my brother. Don't worry about other people and just do your job well!"

It was WINRI coming into my arms with her tongue sticking out.

Varys clicked his tongue as he sobbed, saying it was better to pat his head without a word.

"That's enough. Get away from me, you punk."

"Chew."

Silence covered the camp as the two men who fell from me with strangely regretful faces went straight into the tent that the servants had unfolded.

The conversation was cut off because the two people, who usually led the conversation, went in to rest.

"Jooha, would you like to go in and rest?"

As I sat silent and looked at the sky, Amy, the poet-in-law, approached me carefully and asked.

"It's a nice day for a walk."

"What?"

She asked me that question and I stood up, spouting only random words.

* * *

The time when everyone is asleep.

As I sat on a branch of a tree not far from the camp where everyone was asleep, my eyes turned to the sky as I looked at the book.

It would be crazy to know that I'm gone, but the welcome magic was not a magic that I left to make soup for nothing.

The book I've been looking at lately is the situation on the continent where I was absent. And it was a book about medicine.

They should not neglect training, but they did so in the case of medicine.

The disease continues to emerge, but the promotion of medical skills cannot be fast.

Of course, as he was a student of the god Hippocry, he is confident that he will show astonishing medical skills wherever he goes.

"The night sky looks nice."

Words of silence, which had no one to listen to, flowed out of my mouth.

The dark sky lit up the night sky, with two red and blue moons boasting its power.

Moon Cyrus that shines the beginning.

the mooncrias that shine to the end

Although there are quite a few Cyrus who lit the night in the beginning and the two-month-long tradition of decorating the last night, it was not that interesting because it was just a long-winded story.

It just makes me feel like a pretty moon.

Starting with the two moons, the numerous stars and galaxies that filled the night sky were illuminating the night sky suspiciously now.

It is a beautiful sight that has never been seen on Earth and in a corridor.

At night, nothing in the sky was the same as the earth or the corridor,

I suddenly thought that the two little boys might have brought me out to show me this night sky.

The sky seen from the royal palace was clearly different from the sky seen from here, and it had its own charm.

He'slowly.

All I can hear is the sound of bugs and owls.

I put down the book I was holding in my hand and lightly broke a branch nearby and swung it in the air.

Whip! Whip!

A thin branch cut through the air with a slight porous sound.

Well, I'm satisfied.

"Well... ...then I'm done watching the night, and I'm going to do some night exercises."

My eyes were fixed on only one spot.

At the end of the line of sight, it was clear that the gunmen in black suits were moving.

Commanders have basically good night vision.

The number is approximately 20.

It was a professional soldier who hid all of his life.

an assassin of great ability who could safely accomplish his mission in spite of such unfavorable conditions

If I were an ordinary person with no power, the consequences would be disastrous.

By all appearances, the word was obvious.

The only opportunity to take care of all three of them has come.

Queen Linnaeus seemed to have chosen to send a spray and treat it all at once, rather than letting go of the elements that cause trouble.

To be honest, I'm not happy that I'm already suspected of showing my abilities.

I quickly shook off my thoughts.

There was no need to worry like that in the first place.

"You're so slow that you can't make ends meet with an assassination."

In the first place, the people who see me running around...

"Huh?"

"Cuck!"

[Full of mountains]

I don't think so.

A slender twig became a huge mountain and split the body of a year-old, who was secretly traveling, in half.

The dark red blood splashed hotly over the dark night sky.