14 # 14

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the first volume and the 14th installment.

8. Duchy of Felicity.

The silent bombing completely silenced the surrounding area...

Oh, my God!

Without even knowing why he died, the man who split in half fell down, sprinkling blood.

Push!

Blood that could not withstand blood pressure splashed in all directions, but lightly ignored it and lightly brushed off the branches.

If you don't have teeth, you can call it gum.

Since there is no sword in hand, I have to deal with it with a branch.

Chunma Dokgojun, the teacher of the second sword who taught me the sword, said so.

Everything becomes a weapon when it is in hand. Don't forget, there's no such thing as a law to fight. Weapons are an extension of physical attack. Depending on what you think, a thousand pieces could be the greatest swordsman of all time.

Maybe it's because of my unexpected surprise? Men in black suits, who were moving completely hiding their spirits, stumbled and could not withstand the shock waves I created.

Even if what I have in my hand is a branch, the comparison itself is blasphemous compared to Hermesia, who taught me the art of killing.

a light slashing of bells

However, when Hares' sword technique, which boasts the power of destruction, and the Chunma Dokgojun taught, is mixed, the branches of the tree will become a mountain.

So you're going to get an assassin to attack me?

Even if he was quite capable and cooperative, there was no exception.

"As soon as you get a chance, you attack, you boring people."

We need to disperse immediately, but is the body not listening?

The men staring at me with their nervous eyes are like Mugunghwa flowers bloomed. He remained firm as if he were playing a game and said nothing.

"Just in case, did Queen Linness send it?"

I asked a question, but there was no answer back.

In the first place, it was not a question that I asked for an answer, so there was nothing to be desired.

It was an undeniable reality that the tension was a little higher because it had been a while since I warmed up.

"I've been watching for a chance, crawling in and attacking without knowing it was a trap."

He kicked his tongue and swung lightly at the twig he was holding in his hand.

"Gasp!"

At the same time, some of the men collapsed, gasping for breath.

"By the way, how did she do this to get behind her back?"

To be honest, it was a bit of a question.

No one else but three royal family members.

If he is assassinated on his way to another country, the entire royal family will be shaken.

The aftermath would be too much for Queen Linness to bearable.

There are two factors that you can think of.

Either he is confident that he will never leave a trace, or he has planned to put a false charge on the other side.

Either way, it was a good way to use her. She must have done something similar in the past, shaking up the power of this country in the first place.

"Hmm? He hasn't run away yet."

Their eyes were dimmed by what I said they said.

It's bound to be confusing.

According to the information they received, I was a target in front of me--I was no more than a weak prince who could barely move.

And he's been sneaking in so secretly that they don't even notice?

Find themselves hundreds of meters away from the camp looking for a chance?

Either way, it didn't make sense.

Most of all, what shocked them was probably this ugly twig in my hand.

It was not a strong and sharp sword, but a thin branch that could be found anywhere in the mountains.

He crushed the surroundings of a single bell-cutter and tore the body of one of the target spray in half.

Unless you're an idiot, you must have noticed that it's not within the limits of force.

"The assassination is patience, keep it in mind."

I felt the invisible expressions of the men cooled down in my words.

Well, they're the ones with a lot of sensitivity.

When I collected the mysterious atmosphere that was pressuring them without further attack, they began to look at each other's eyes.

The feelings in their eyes could be fully understood without the art of reading.

Unlike information, a mission is a complete failure.

"Go tell him, he'll break it down slowly without whining."

As I stayed still without further attack, the guys who were looking around narrowed their eyes to grasp my intentions.

Are you really trying to let me go?

I'm sure you're worried.

Yeah, go for it.

As I was not doing anything with the branches down, they slowly backed away, as soon as they realized that it was not a trap.

Then he turned his back quickly to get away from me.

Fake, you stupid bastards.

[Magnetized pistil]

[Collapse]

Boom!

In an instant, flashing black flashes penetrated five or six bodies. No, something thick had pierced his body.

Even though there was no atmosphere to subdue the body, everyone gave a stiff look at the ridiculous.

"Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkk."

One of the assassins who had been penetrated by me began to tremble and have seizures. Then he stared at me with his bloodshot eyes.

To get a rough idea of what's going on in those eyes...

You said you'd let me go, you bastard!'

I think it's about...

If you look at me like that, you won't answer me, but you can't be able to resist.

"You fool me? You stupid. I just told you that assassination is patience, but I forgot."

"What kind of assassination..."

He was so embarrassed that he had been silent until now, but he shot back with blood.

I can't hear it properly because my voice is half-locked.

"As long as no one sees you, it's an assassination. This is an old saying, so keep this in mind."

Then I took a step forward.

The rest of them instinctively felt danger and splashed away to escape.

Some of them lost their judgment and came at me.

You're not going to win or not, but you're going to push in front of me?

Surely the speed was fast and sharp.

It was a threatening attack that felt a little different from the beginning.

But all I could do for them was silently wielding a twig in their hands.

Whoo! Whoo!

Once the blunt, slender branches flashed, black flames mixed with white light followed the trajectory of the branches.

At the same time, the bodies of the guys who were running at me were cut off like they were being cut off in a moment.

Its durability is too strong to be considered human.

When the men who rushed to me quickly became a piece of meat and collapsed, they immediately reached the ground with the remaining hands that did not hold the branches and raised the commander Manna.

Black magic and command magic are the most efficient ways to track, block, and destroy opponents.

The same was true of the hero's corridors.

The best thing to find me who was stuck because I didn't like training was Roa Ias, which was called Death Road in the Pesrisa Continent, a different world from here.

With a tearful face, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Her tracking skills, which completely cut off the retreat in succession, were excellent enough for all the heroes to raise both hands.

You're too nice personality is too nice? It was nothing new to think that Daphne, the first saint, liked to drink and was a person who would take a person's soul out when he started to curse.

In the first place, Roaias was a freak black wizard who spent his life trying to bring black magicians to the sun and live with people.

In any case.

What happened after I got caught? It's a memory I don't want to recall.

[Cashbook.]

[Blind]

Whoo!

Starting with my fingertips, things like black sticks began to flow out everywhere.

It was a one-circle curse system black magic that took away the opponent's vision. It is a curse that can be easily overcome with just a little resistance, but it has been fully effective for those who are terrified.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

"Gasp!"

Rockon has already been finished since I ran into them.

There will be no way out unless we get to the other side of the continent right now.

Soon after, the magic effect began to be revealed, and the spirit began to feel intense everywhere. Those who were blocked from view began struggling to get away from me, forgetting their original covert movements.

Did you track it down for this taste?

Suddenly, he seemed to understand Roa's feelings, which seemed to feel sorry but strangely joyful.

Exposed to extreme fear, they struggled somehow to get away from me, but they had no intention of keeping them alive as long as they had already entered my grasp.

I decide who will be merciful. It meant that it was my heart whether to kill or save.

If you wanted to kill someone, you should have known that you could die.

With his hands on the floor, he lightly pulled the black commanders' mana string, which was connected to the men who had already fallen, and connected the leader's mana's string to the bodies of the men who had already fallen.

He then spread the black-flowing commander Manna on a string as if he were exploding.

[Confuse]

[Lower Registry]

[Soul Exposition.]

Confusion, reduced resistance.

Lastly, the soul explodes.

It's a little tough, but it's the same for everyone who taught me to end the story neatly.

Do not show mercy to those who are determined to kill.

Boom!!

The spirit of intangible, odorless and colorless exploded, spreading light waves and spreading around.

More than half of their souls exploded, and they died instantly without the possibility of rehabilitation and were all silent.

In an instant, the calm forest turned into a scene of horrible killing.

"Clean assassination."

Suddenly, I wondered if I needed to play such a big game and relax, but I shook my head soon.

Then he turned away without hesitation.

Whatever it is, it's a perfect assassination if no one finds it.

* * *

"Lower Queen."

In the quiet room, black In-young slowly appeared as if smoke were spreading.

"What happened?"

"Failed."

Argh!!!

As soon as she finished speaking, Shary's cheek, who had reported it, turned.

I hit it so hard that my cheeks, which were white, couldn't turn red and my lips burst.

"How are you going to take responsibility?"

It was a hysterical cry.

Queen Linness's hysterical constitution was nothing new to the usual users.

"All the mana stones that were designed to extinguish the fire when my men's hearts stopped have been extinguished."

"Failure..." What's the details?"

"I haven't recognized it yet, but I think there's a helper."

Argh!!!

Once again, Shary's cheek turned with a cool sound. However, Queen Linnaeus threw her anything she could get her hands on, so that it wouldn't relieve her anger.

Clang!!!

When a small pot in her hand tore her forehead.

She gasped and said, glaring at Shari.

"Huh! The black moon guild ended up like this!"

"......."

"Four knights couldn't take care of three babies, so they were wiped out?! Twenty people can't help five knights!!"

In spite of her yelling, Shari was silent, just bowing silently.

"And find out who that helper is! How dare you, show me thoroughly what the obstacles stand in my way!"

"I'll be careful."

"Yeah. Don't forget, I held your hands with the black moon and looked behind you, not to see your failure. You'll have to cut the line. If you fail again..."

She, who was staring at Shari with a cold stare, chewed on her words.

The contract ends there. I will use both the Duke of Barieta and the power of this country to bury the Black Moon Guild."

"I'll engrave it."

Shari, who was lowering her head as if she had nothing more to say, slowly closed her eyes and smiled lightly again.

In her eyes, there was a light red and grotesque light like blood.