11 # 11

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the first volume of the 11th installment

"Yes, it's you."

a gardener, a maid, a maid butler, and the lower aristocrats involved.

All of them seem to be diverse.

If he tried to catch it himself, half of them would have fled, so he did a good job in the role play.

The writers who were supposed to work here except for their maid-in-law Amy, but ran away because they thought it was an opportunity when I was in a coma for a long time.

Among them, they are embezzlers who ate their salaries without paying a single penny.

At the moment when rumors circulated that they were crazy, their faces turned pale when they looked at me.

"Vespers, the foreman."

"Precise Degradation."

"What's the punishment in this case?"

"They're the most brutal. Originally, even immediate family members are beheaded."

He answered without hesitation, and the faces of those tied up turned blue.

"I... ...defeated! I'm guilty of death!"

"Sa... Please save me!"

Most of the humans begged for forgiveness and bowed their heads, as they approached and begged for my legs.

Even if you're crazy, you must have thought that I might let you off the hook because I'm a person who's not good at heart.

Or it could have been because it was like catching straws to live.

"There's a funny rumor going around inside the palace recently."

"What's the rumor?"

I said, looking at Vespers, ignoring those who held onto the pants and begged.

"I'm crazy about blood."

"There is a rumor going around."

He said firmly, as if he would never see me speak back.

Surely it is no wonder that such rumors are circulating since the priest who came to treat me at my palace was stabbed to death.

summary disposition without circumstantial investigation

Of course, that doesn't give me a justification to do something right now.

It was virtually the reason why Queen Lynes was so quiet and took a ridiculous disposition that she was a modern woman.

If the position becomes narrower and the gang becomes more violent, the story will change then.

To the best of my ability, I am only punishing those who break the law.

"Then you should do it according to the rumor."

"......."

Vespers bowed his head in silence at my words.

Then he told the soldiers who brought the trapped and kneeling men.

"Did you hear my orders?"

"Yes!"

"Take them away. They are the wicked who dared to embezzle the precious treasury of the Loun Kingdom. Don't give me a sip of water and lock it up. You're beheaded in four days!"

"Oh, my God, old man!"

"Save me!"

He shouted sternly, ignoring those who were crying and hanging.

They are the ones who filled their stomachs by sucking the taxpayers` money. What are you doing? Don't drag me away!"

At the words, the soldiers dragged the crying, raving, and disappeared.

"If I say, will God go away?"

"Did you say the Queen was under your command?"

"Yes, they say you've been hunting down people who have embezzled state coffers."

"You're funny and you're in love."

I was a little shocked at Vespers' face.

However, he erased his expression as if he had quickly regained consciousness.

"Lower, consider your location and use a slightly more refined language."

I'm sorry, old man, but I've already seen everything. But when I was young, he smiled at me often and gave me snacks.

Will we pick out a new person to work and deploy it in the afternoon?"

"I want Amy to be my own maid of honor. Since you've had a hard time, have you raised your rank to the head of the city, and the reward I can offer is separate from my palace budget?"

"That's right."

"Give me a lot of bonus."

"I'll take it."

Then he bowed politely.

"Oh and."

I caught him as he was leaving.

"Is it still impossible to ask for an audience with my father?"

He was silent about what I said.

"I'm sorry."

"It's your father's or your queen's."

He smiled vainly at the fact that I had already grasped the situation.

"God only delivers orders."

"That's true. Good job. Go back."

He turned around silently at my words.

Then he stopped again and said quietly.

"You have to be patient, sir. The royal palace is..."

"That's enough, I know what you're trying to say, so be patient... ...I'll take that into consideration."

When he grinned, he stepped back as if he had no more regrets.

One of the non-Lyneth people is Vespers.

I didn't know what he was saying was not just a warning, but an advice from experience.

Surely I'm in a precarious position even to him.

The prince with nothing is too fearless.

Only one fact he doesn't know. I don't have nothing.

* * *

Cutting the tail.

Queen Linnaeus is organizing things that could be a disgrace one by one.

In the name of the deal with me.

If you cut each and every one of these things into evidence, there will be nothing to be afraid of someday.

She must be aiming for that time.

Originally, I thought I'd hit it right away, but I'm pretty careful what happened.

While reading the book silently, Amy came in carefully.

"Here's your snack."

"Thank you always."

She turned her face red when she smiled brightly.

"Your Majesty. The 4th Prince and the 2nd Queen are back in the palace."

"Barris and Winley?"

It was surprisingly good news.

Looking up at her, she nodded quietly.

"Yes, I think he came up from the countryside right after hearing that you woke up."

"That's pretty good news."

"I was told that I would stop by here as soon as I had finished my service to the king."

"Then can we just let it go? Get me some refreshments. Even tea that smells good."

She grinned and nodded at my words.

* * *

The current king, Krianes Allan, has one wife and two concubines.

The first is Queen Linnes.

And 1st archer Anisha, 2nd archer Alice.

My mother was supposed to be in the throne, but she died when I was a child.

Since then, all the records of her mother have been lost, including what political tricks she had.

In the end, all the records about my mother were left in the palace where I am.

When I looked at the picture without a word, I saw a beauty with black hair holding a small me and smiling lovingly.

I'm proud of myself, but my face is quite gentle and handsome.

Just as I received quite a lot of my mother's genes, my mother was also a beautiful woman who looked really good with black hair.

"Who inherited the gene? My son is handsome, so he's doing well."

I tried to talk to him, but of course I couldn't hear the answer.

"Is it worth living there?""

The dead soul is naturally reincarnated in the orbit of pilgrimage.

Perhaps her dead mother is reincarnated and living in this world or somewhere else.

There was no choice to see my mother again because there was no way to find her.

"Please wait a little longer. You can't just kill the people who killed your mother."

"Davie, brother!

"Orabani! It's Winley! I'm here!"

As I waited silently for cookies and tea, I heard two urgent voices.

"I'm here. Come on in, you bastards."

The door burst open and two little boys and girls jumped in when I smiled pleasantly because I missed my voice.

They were cute mid-tenths kids who matched green hair well.

14 years old.

Prince Varys. And it's Baris and the twin, Winnie the Two Kings.

"Long time no see."

"Brother! I barely had time to spare when I heard that you had woken up, and ran to the horse immediately. What a relief!"

As soon as he patted Varys on the head, who shouted cutely, WINRI approached him as if he wanted to do it.

"How are you both?"

When asked with a smiling face, they nodded vigorously.

"Of course. Who am I? I'm your brother. Is it hard to live in a rural area?"

"Sad! You always sing 'Tired' and 'Tired'."

"What? Hey! You're my brother! And you were complaining about the firemen, too!"

"Don't be ridiculous! Is it you who was born five minutes earlier?!"

"Ha!"

The excitement of the noise made a smile.

Not a few of my enemies.

They were the ones I believed in, as they were in the past in this royal family.

7. Attack.

Unlike Carlos, the two stupid, thoughtless prince, and Benedict, who are grim and twisted in thought, these two are quite pleasant enough to doubt if they are royalty.

Just a twin brother and sister who are grumpy looks better on each other.

The two men of strong character were busy rumbling to each other about whether they could see me or not.

Now I felt like I was really seeing little boys in their early teens.

They are only 14 years old.

It was still a time when he was playing with a fool.

By my standards.

"I'm glad you're doing well. Let's see how well those little boys have grown up."

"It's been six years. When he collapsed, we headed straight to the countryside."

When Varys muttered something resentful, a smile was made.

"Yeah, I've heard a little bit."

It was safe to say that Queen Lynes had removed him from the list of candidates for the next king.

Queen Linness was the woman who sold Tanya, the first daughter of the first concubine, to another country for the sake of her children's power.

It was understandable that he had properly removed Barris and Winnie, who liked to wander around.

"Did you see your father?"

"Yes."

"How have you been?"

"You looked a little tired. And...."

Varys paused as he spoke.

At the same time, Winnie tilted her head.

"David, didn't you see your father?"

"That's what happened."

At the words, Winley's expression was wrinkled as if she didn't like it.

"Oh, my God..."

My son woke up in a coma after six years.

It's been five months since I saw my father's face.

"Maybe I'll see you soon."

"Brother..."

Unlike Kalus and Benedict, two other sons but two princes and three princes, the two really followed me well.

It's because he has a kind personality like me. However, he was that strong and persistent.

That was why I liked and trusted them.

If you are the next king, the fact that Varys is the right man will not change.

"You're such a queen-defeelderly.

I was crying and patted him on the back without a word as Winnie came to me.

"Are you all right? I saw it on the way here. The state of the palace is..."

I nodded to the voice of Barris, who couldn't speak.

"There have been people who have embezzled state coffers. Just in time, we've all captured and sent them away before you guys came, and they'll be back soon."

Barris gritted his teeth at my words.

"No matter how much... ..you let it go knowingly! Using your brother's bed!"