18 # 18

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the 18th installment of the first volume

My faltering sword swung into the air and kicked his chin up exactly.

"Gasp!"

Naturally, his body flopped up at the unannounced clean-hitter and bounced off and rolled the floor.

On the contrary, I have already lost my balance and avoided falling down using the sword as a support.

"Huh?"

Because of the right hit, there was a sudden silence around.

"Huh?"

I lightly lowered a wooden sword that shook disproportionately as I stood up to Baltic with a look of embarrassment because I didn't know what was going on.

The basic technique of this sword technique is to show the gap as much as possible.

And it's about thoroughly fooling around with your opponent.

"Poo Hoop..."

Unlike him, who was angry, there was a forced laugh coming from his surroundings.

The last blow was an unexpected result.

"I'm going to kill you!!"

Maybe it's because he gave up his first shot, but he got a good one.

A man who was staring at me with a gruesome look came in quickly with his sword pointed at him.

Even if it's rotten, Junchi.

Still, his sword was definitely sharper than the boys of my age, just like a talented boy who participated in the event on behalf of the Boltz country.

The posture is somehow well established and the blackness penetrates quite sharply.

but

The fact that Kendo is honest because he lacks experience.

It would be the same for most people as well as for the Silk Baltic.

Ttung!!

I lifted the sword and took a step toward him and raised the sword.

From the axis of the legs to the shoulder of the waist, it was almost impossible to stop him because it was a sloppy sword with no support at all.

In an instant, I heard breathing sounds everywhere as my sword bounced out of my body.

"Orabani!"

There was also a worried cry from surprised Winnie.

Even those who knew and were proud of the situation seemed to think that I had just accidentally struck out Baltic's sword and that such a coincidence would never happen again.

Well

Bam!

The sight of him hitting a wooden sword for my purpose as if he would not let it go, I immediately relaxed my legs and scattered the balance.

"What?"

At the same time, my body was led by the power of the wooden sword that he had raised, and I escaped his sword as if it were spinning and collapsing.

Argh!!!

And, in a moment, my sword that combed his sword, lost its place to go, swung at random...

I blew his brow once again.

* * *

"Gasp!"

It was the same situation this time.

People around me opened their mouths in surprise at the devastation that happened in an instant.

Whoever the Baltic is.

Although he is a dirty guy, he was one of the hopefuls to participate in this sword competition.

On the contrary, I am a weak prince who has been in a coma for six years as it is known.

You can't have learned the sword properly.

In fact, the sloppy posture I showed would have put confidence in their thoughts.

But the result was different from what they expected.

Unlike what he thought was going to miss the sword in an instant and be overpowered, the sloppy swinging sword knocked down Baltic twice.

If it was not a fight but a real fight, it would have been the result of two deaths already.

"That's not the same trick!"

"Well, am I winning? I guess it's a lot more than I thought."

The Baltic who jumped up at my words blushed with shame.

"Poo-Hoo-Hoo."

When someone burst into laughter as if he couldn't hold it in the end, his spirit became as if oil had been poured on the fire.

"That's the worst."

"How can a novice who doesn't even know how to wield a sword..."

"You told me I should care if I'm a Baltic prince, and at this level... ..."

"Geez!"

I can't argue with them, so he gritted his teeth and glared at me.

His defeat was a fait accompli as he had already been beaten twice, but he tried not to admit it.

Then let's give them a little more impetus.

Unlike the beginning, the body is careful. Reflecting on it, he was scared that he would be run over by a ridiculous coincidence.

So if you deal with it carefully and carefully, you will never lose.

It's like they're watching from afar, thinking so.

If they don't come, I have to go.

He comes at him with a sloppy manner.

Then he swung the sword around in a wild manner.

It was a sloppy sword technique that seemed to swing the sword recklessly, literally, with no gap, no distribution of force, and no direction.

Argh!

In fact, the force contained in the sword was not that high because the center of gravity was not properly grasped.

Argh! Argh!

Only then did the people inside the banquet hall think that I would be caught by his sword.

but

Ack!!

Everyone opened their mouths in dismay as the blind sword struck his temple as if they had been waiting.

* * *

"Oh, my God!"

wild swordsmanship

It is a slow and weak blow that a well-learned person will never allow.

Everyone knows that.

Why did he suffer again?

Baltic's facial expression reeling from a blow to the head was already a chaos.

"Well, is that right?"

When I stopped with a blank sound as if I had wielded myself and didn't expect it, I heard laughter again around me.

"What... ...is the beginning of the Expert?"

"Are you sure you're in the same page as us? How could you get stabbed like that?"

"Maybe it's really nothing..."

"If you did it three times, not once or twice, you'd be certain."

No one thinks I'm deliberately creating this situation.

"Oh, no! No! That's not it!

"That's a lame excuse."

"Tut it."

By then, Baltic's expression was simply mad and furious.

He must have kept his cool.

It was the first coincidence and the second coincidence, and it was a sword path that could not be beaten.

But I got it.

There was something strange that only Baltic, who was facing me face-to-face, could feel, although others would not be seen.

Of course, it won't change to make excuses for them.

He smiled furiously at the excited man.

This is how I learned to use this sword.

It was literally the same.

a drunken sword

[Dialect.]

It literally means a sword that swings as if it were drunk.

It was the worst heresy sword-like sword that was invented by Dokgojun, the best drunkard in the hero's corridor, and was born when Hares, the interested sword, intervened.

Damn, I made this, but it's a really bad sword!

The sword with its bad temper, Dokgo-jun's tongue

Don't use it as much as you can unless you really want to bury it socially. If you have the same conscience as a person.

Hares, who was organizing the structure of the completed sword, also frowned and said, "Don't take it out as much as you can."

Because it's heavy? Because it's sharp?

It wasn't.

It was due to the ghastly meticulous fraud and playfulness of the entire sword and sword.

It was also a sword technique full of evil that even the two elderly people who walked their own degrees felt that this was not the case.

I will protect someone, or I will kill someone. not a grand goal of reaching something

I'll give him a dog in front of everyone! It is a sword art with the purpose of

If it's not a bad sword, what can I explain it?

He stumbles as if he is drunk, avoids or cancels his opponent's attack, and unexpectedly feeds a hit.

To be honest, it's a pretty efficient swordplay, but the sword pattern plays a role in stopping and killing the opponent.

If it was a situation that someone was watching, the effect was even higher.

Just like now.

"Well, I guess I'm lucky. I don't know if the other person is more of a wildcat."

"Oh, my God!

It's a sword art that is close to entertainment, so when I actually learned this sword, I even gave it the ridiculous name of entertainment sword rather than a sword.

swordsmanship in pursuit of extreme fun

It can be called the entertainment meta itself.

Of course, it's meaningless if it's just fun and weak.

Even if swordsmanship was originally made for entertainment, would it be possible for swordsmen to be weak?

Unexpected result, perception around you.

Frustrated by the current situation, Baltic finally began to raise Manna to produce a sword.

"Prince Baltic! How dare you shoot a sword at a man who is not a knight in a non-killing battle! Are you out of your mind?!"

At the same time, sooner than outraged Varys, shouted the Ilyna.

But if her head was spinning under the twisted circumstances, Baltic ignored her words and came at me with a ferocious life.

"I'll kill you!"

I took a step back in the face of the cold sword.

As if scared.

"It's too late to avoid!"

"Brother!"

As soon as Varys, who shouted so hard, ran out to protect me.

If the coincidence continues any longer, we can`t help but be suspicious.'

There is someone who has been looking at someone who seems to be incomprehensible for a while.

In the end, I stopped fooling around anymore, walked backward, and fell down as if my leg was caught.

Paang!!

At the same time, a sword with a sword, which had a sword in it, broke through the air that had my head.

"Huh?!"

Suddenly, when I fell back and avoided the sword, I could see his eyes wide open.

a stupid son of a gun

His eyes were shocked as he muttered in a very small voice, so that others could not hear him.

He knows something's wrong, and he's trying to run away quickly.

It doesn't seem a little late to go back now.

There can't be a way I can take it now.

There's only a D.C.!

"Oh, my God!

My feet, struggling screaming, rolled away his legs wonderfully, and he also lost his balance and fell towards me.

Kudangtang!!

Then he rolled on the floor as if he were having a last fight.

Those who were watching this miserable and ugly battle were silent as if they had lost their words.

Poof!!!

And by the time the clouds were over.

Miraculously preoccupying the position of pressing him down from above, I reflexively stabbed him to the floor right next to his head.

It looked as if the sword that tried to support the body had become a clean hit.

"......."

Baltic on the floor.

And I, sitting on him as if I were overpowering him with a sword that I held on to his head.

Shock and cold silence surrounded the banquet hall as the outcome of the match was decided by a stunning coincidence.

I could feel everyone looking at me as if they were surprised by this ridiculous coincidence.

As I laid my eyes on this, Baltician, who had rolled on the floor with me, was looking up at me with an incredible face underneath me.

There's a lot to be surprised about.

Lightly and carelessly, the sword that struck right next to his head slowly lifted and smiled, and there was a sound of breathing around him.

"Oh, I think I won."

Pretend you don't know anything.

Mumbled with a thick iron plate on his face.

Silence lasted longer than I thought.