19 # 19

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the 19th installment of the first volume

The battle was a mess.

It was as if children who had just grabbed a sword would see a sloppy and unattractive confrontation.

The problem was that one of the people who showed the unsightly battle was the Baltic, Prince of Voltiz 7, who came as the representative of the nation of Voltiz.

It was true that everyone had already heard in the flow of conversation that I was a weak prince who had just woken up after falling into a coma for a long time.

At this point, no matter how little royal family is interested in me, they will know my situation.

It was a major that he, who used to be called a genius with a talent for swords, fell to the floor after a sloppy attack, let alone a preoccupation with me.

The hall, silent because of this laughable sight, seemed to be silent until someone spoke.

The advantage of the prosecution, or the entertainment sword, is that I can never understand my level in other people'

a sword that just swings wildly

It is a sword that anyone can avoid.

However, I heard that it is different to have a discipline in person.

However, it seems that the party can avoid it, but it cannot.

It was also one of the only advantages of the entertainment sword.

It's supposed to be a sword trick that draws attention from the opponent, but it's not just a random chance.

"Yeah... my arms and legs are sore."

When I got up sloppy and stumbled weakly with my sword dropped, Winley rushed to help me.

"Orabani! Are you okay?""

The man, who shouted with a pale face, looked up at me and made sure that I was hurt.

"Brother!"

At the same time, Varys, who had a blank face, ran and shouted.

"무모하게 왜 그러신 겁니까!"

"운이 좋았네. 하하."

"형님!"

당장에라도 잔소리를 쏟아부을 것 같은 그 모습에 어색하게 웃어주자 녀석이 짧게 한숨을 내쉬었다.

"승부는 결정이 났네요."

이윽고 차갑게 침묵하던 일리나 황녀가 조용히 말했다.

"화...... 황녀님! 이, 이건!"

In response, Baltic quickly got up and tried to shout as if he were making excuses, but this cold beauty only gave a colder look.

"Do you think one of the knights will change the game?"

"It wasn't a fair fight!"

"Yes, it was a very mean game, far from the legitimacy led by Prince Baltic. So you lost, but you still have more to say?"

It was a direct way of speaking that was not seen in social lady.

As she stared at Baltic with a blank face, she soon turned to me.

Then he looked as if he couldn't understand and turned away.

"Huh, I'm going back."

Then he walked away as if he had lost interest.

Oh, you cold beauty.

I appreciate your kindness, but that cold look is not my cup of tea.

Except for a few who left behind her, the rest soon turned to Prince Baltic.

"Whatever it is, you have to keep your promise."

His face blushed with shame and anger as I smiled and spoke.

"Ugh... "Huh...

"I'm not going to say no now."

"......."

He frowned at my words.

"That's it!"

"Is the representative of the Kingdom of Voltiz saying this in one mouth?"

His body shrank heavily at the calm words.

Young aristocrats who followed the Baltic from the Voltiz country also looked worried that there was no way to stop the situation.

"I should get an apology."

He clenched his teeth at my words.

He wanted to beat him to death right away, but he seemed to be holding it in.

"Keep your word! Prince Baltic."

When Varys shot back with a cold look on his face, he looked around with his teeth clenched and bowed his head.

Then he slowly knelt down.

"Reh... the disrespect to Queen Eddy Winley, and Prince Davy... ..." I apologize."

Having lost his face, he changed his teeth so that it wouldn't be weird to kill a person right away.

But what can we do?

Promise is promise.

It won't be easy to apologize to me for making so much fun of me in front of so many people.

Proud!

"Please...forgiveness..."

There was an intolerable humiliation in the way he muttered.

Winley, who would normally have accepted the apology, also grabbed my hand as if he was angry.

"Huh, go back. Brother."

"Let's go, brother."

It seemed difficult to stay in the banquet hall any longer because of the rift caused by it.

That's why someone told you to touch your precious brother.

Turning inside with a smile, I left the banquet hall, ignoring him who clenched his fist as if to break it.

I don't know what kind of spite he might have against me about this, but it was out of my mind.

10. A mysterious person.

"Brother! You were reckless!"

"That's right! Did you know you could have been in trouble?""

As soon as I got on the wagon, I laughed at the nagging of these two cute twins.

"Well, that's all that's it's all right."

"You were lucky! That's his personality, but he's also famous for his talent in the Kingdom of the Boltis."

"Are you aware of that?"

"I know, I've seen you at a joint event before."

WINRI swept her arm as if she was offended.

"Since then, he's been doggingly pushing his marriage. Oh, I'm such a brainless guy, so I don't even see him."

"Hey!"

"Hahaha!"

It is said that he had a history of stabbing Winley. If I had known this would happen, I should have let him use his arm.

Although it usually requires more than talent for a sword-trained person to feel Manna, it is not easy to train and enter the Expert.

It is not for no reason that most of the articles do not reach the master even if they run for a lifetime.

There are three sodmasters in the Loun Kingdom.However, even if the entire continent is combined, the number of Swordmasters is less than 50.

Even though it is a continent with a larger population than expected.

"Orabani... you're not sick anywhere, are you? Right?"

With a tearful face, Winri held my hand tightly and asked.

"Well, no one's hit."

I can't help but get hit. He was playing with my trick.

However, from the perspective of the viewer, I would have really seemed in jeopardy.

It was the entertainment sword that I chose to water my opponent without revealing my presence properly.

The result was a little childish, but wasn't it quite satisfactory?

The feud with him could have led to a national problem with a cold war of Bolton.

"I thought I was really running out of liver! If you get hurt, how can I see you?"

When Varys spoke harshly, I put a flick on his forehead without hesitation.

"Ack?"

He smiled at the reflexively screaming man.

I'm grateful for your attention.

That's why I care more about these two guys.

"Brother, how can you be so strong in business?"

"It's a trick. And, I'm not very patient, so let's do it first."

"Whoa... You're lying."

Varys' eyes were those of someone who knew me to some extent.

That's how they looked.

"It's done. It's done if it goes well."

"Whoa... well, since you're not hurt, I won't say anything more. But please don't do that next time. I'd rather do it myself. Brother."

"God really helped me. You stumbled because you couldn't overcome the weight of the sword, but you caught him off guard."

Winley murmured curiously.

"Yes, he didn't expect to be beaten this absurdly."

"Laughing! I didn't tell you honestly, but I felt really relieved. What an amazing brother!"

The giggling words made Barris say nothing else, but his lips were twitching, perhaps the same thought.

* * *

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

The furious boy threw and smashed the stuff in the quarters at random.

"Wow... prince degradation! Fix it!"

"Let go of me!"

The boy shouted cold as if he would cut a man at once.

"How dare you! Do you not know me to become Prince of Voltiz next time?""

"Prince..."

"Get out."

"Prince!"

The boy's cold work shook the aristocrat who had blocked him.

"Get the hell out of here before you kill him!"

"......."

It's no use stopping them any longer.

The aristocrats eventually went out with their heads down without a word, and the boy threw things back and smashed them.

"I'll kill you. I'll kill you!!"

It was fixed who was headed for a violent cry. Hatred and anger flared at the man who had humiliated him again.

"Sigh... Sigh..."

"Do you want to kill him?"

It was then.

He stopped while blazing in the anger that did not cool down easily.

A boy with a reflexive frown, Baltician de Voltiz, turned his eyes and saw a red-eyed woman sitting by the window.

I think I'm in my early 20s.

The woman with red hair and red eyes was the only one shining alone in the dark space of the night.

"Who is it?"

"Do you want to kill him?"

It was an alluring voice.

If you let go of your mind right away, you'll be captivated by his voice.

Didn't you ask who it was?"

Vallatian, who shouted violently, pulled out a long-sword that was beside him and shouted at her.

Even though it's a sad day, it's scary.

The woman just came up from her body sitting by the window.

"I can help you kill him."

Like a mother who takes care of her child, like an older sister who cares for her younger brother.

Like a woman whispering love.

Baltic could not say anything about her approaching behavior.

"I can help you. Baby."

The seductive tone of voice and trembling hands slowly began to stop.

At the same time, his eyes began to look blank.

"Kill me..."?

"Yes, your anger called me. I'll help you tear his flesh and get some bones."

"Yes, sir. ..."

"Shari, will you remember me?"

Baltic, who was looking at her with a blank pupil, was nodding unintentionally.

Looking at him, the woman, who was shining red, slowly showed a cold, cold smile.

Then he came up and mumbled, hugging Baltic, burying his face in his neck.

"Yeah, good boy. Leave it all to me. You just have to do what your heart tells you to do."

At the same time, her mouth slowly opened and her fangs dug relentlessly into his throat in the dark room.