12 # 12

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the 12th installment of the first volume

Varys, like me, was one of the most hated of Queen Linness.

Although he was not born with a stomachache, he seemed to have never thought that he would let go of his power this much.

"I'll go see my father and tell him!"

"Don't do anything useless."

"But!"

"That's enough. I'll take care of my business. More than that, both of them are cleaning up the countryside."

"Yes..."

"It is."

In fact, it was a little surprising that the prince, Barris, was there to wipe out the pirates, even his daughter, Winley.

But what should we do?

Winnie used to hate the life of the palace because she was like Barris and had a strong personality.

In addition, he was a buddhist who lived a different life from ordinary aristocrat Young-ae in the first place because of his magical nature.

"It's not good for you to live by blood already because you have to see only pretty and good things."

"This idiot would get hurt badly without me."

Barris frowned as Wynri pinched Barris' cheek and grumbled.

"What, dude?"

"Did I say the wrong thing? You're running like an assault truck!"

It is also Queen Liness's terrible move to send 14-year-old children to the battlefield.

If it weren't for their talent, I would have had a death sentence.

There was a laugh in vainly.

"Yes, when are you going to come back?"

"To be honest, I feel comfortable there. I hate fighting, but at least I don't live in a stifling royal family."

What they want seems to play a part.

"But here is Anisha's concubine. Oh... you guys didn't go to Anisha's concubine, did you?"

I saw a prickly feeling in their faces.

"Sigh... you bastards, go. What are you doing here?"

Their expressions turned pale as I waved my hands.

"Geez! I got it!"

"Orabani! I'll be back in the evening!"

Seeing the two guys running away quickly made me smile for nothing.

Amy, the poet who was waiting far away to serve, also smiled lightly with her head down to see if it was good to see.

* * *

According to the situation of the palace, there is now one queen and two concubines.

First of all, the eldest daughter of the Duke of Barieta, who sat on behalf of my late mother.

And there are two concubines.

1 Anisha the concubine.

And Alice, the second concubine.

Barris and Winley were the descendants of Anisha, the first concubine.

The problem was that Anisha, the first concubine, was outside the eyes of Queen Linnes.

Apart from Alice, who is a follower of Queen Linnes to the bone, Anisha had a close relationship with my mother in the past.

Of course, Anisha, the first concubine to Queen Linnes, who hated her mother's traces, was no better than a thorn in the eye.

Besides, my own son was a terrible lover, so he used everything he could to get rid of Anisha's welfare.

No, it was right to assume that Queen Lynes had taken refuge before she could take any action.

At least the local change in which Barris and Winley were active was in her native land.

Immediately, loyal knights would be protecting them with their lives.

I don't know about it, but Barris and Winley are young people who are now in a state of high spirits, so they seemed to be very upset about their mother, who was scared by Queen Linnes.

It was quite late at night when Varys found the durable goods again.

As the new users were replaced and the palace, which had been completely haunted, began to regain its original appearance, Amy was moved to tears.

Have I been running too far?

When I asked her, she shook her head violently and liked me like a child, saying that I was good.

"Brother, now that you're awake, are you going to be the crown prince?"

It was a question for the Barris.

"That's right, brother! My brother will surely be a Holy Father!"

Neither did Winley lose.

"What?"

"Right, the Crown Prince's seat is now vacant in the Loun Kingdom."

"That's true."

If I say, you."

Just!!

As if there was nothing more to listen to, I let go of the clout and he screamed and stepped back.

My dream is to live long, and to live a leisurely life as a hobby.

But you want me to be the king, the unfortunate profession that most people die from overwork?

"Huh?!"

Physical abilities would normally have transcended human beings, but would it be so surprising that my head resonated with me at night?

He looks at me with a look of horror.

"Come on, get another drink."

"Brother, I'm still a minor."

"Sad! You keep being so decent, brother! I'm ready to take my brother's drink."

As if acting cute, Winley gave out a glass of wine with a look of expectation.

"The underage man is much better than your brother, who's been eating food and doing stupid things in this palace."

He grinned as if he sympathized with what I said.

"Then I'll take a drink!"

Then he gulped down the wine I poured in.

"Wow... It tastes good."

"My mother left it for me."

"Oh... then shouldn't we save it?"

"Why do you save the alcohol you've left to drink?"

In my words, Varys looked at me in wonder.

"You've changed a lot, brother."

"Do you think so?"

"That's right, brother, you used to try not to let go of your mother's tracks."

The rat-sized ones only have good memory.

"Yeah, tell me what you wanted to say to me at this hour of the night."

As I was silent for a while, I noticed that he was hesitating to say something, and asked quietly.

On behalf of Barris, he took out a small letter from a small pouch that Wynry had in his hand.

"What about this?"

"It's a five-year continental sword competition! This time, it will be held in the Duchy of Felisty."

"Oh?"

There is an Olympic-like concept on this continent.

It was a variety of continental competitions.

Swordplay, magic, archery. Study

The competition, which takes place in various fields, revolves around each country, and it was also a great opportunity for the winners to gain tremendous honor.

As all the famous and promising future powerhouses came, of course, it was the best attraction to see.

How could there be a situation in which aristocrats come into contact with female merchants to get tickets to the sword art competition?

"Brother, we're rowing when the water comes in. You've rarely been out of the palace, have you?"

"You did, didn't you?"

"So I petitioned my father!"

Proudly shouting, Varys opened his chest, and Winley elbowed him in the ribs.

"I told you everything. The only muscle mass that's left standing and laughing."

"What, dude?"

I looked at the notice without a word at the appearance of the bullies again.

It is definitely one of the best attractions.

The continental fencing competition is attended by countless talented people with promising futures to make their names continually.

As it is a competition to promote harmony on the continent, anyone with skills, from mercenaries to royalty, could participate.

"Ham! Brother, this guy got a ticket to the qualifying round!"

Varys said proudly, beating his chest.

"Oh, really? You must have improved a lot."

I pretended to be surprised, but I could clearly see the mana in his body.

an exposure intermediate

He was a man of great stature compared to his age.

You're saying talent isn't average.

"I'm participating. I'm asking you to do it. Would you like to go outside with me?"

"He's also looking at the capital of the Principality of Winnie and Felicity! Hehe! The city of water must be very beautiful!"

I felt grateful because I could clearly see the fact that I rolled my head against my head for myself who woke up from the bed.

"If you're worried about it, don't worry! I'll take you on my back!"

"I heard from Lord Ramdas of the Court. My brother's body is recovering at a great rate."

"The Silly Men."

The words made me laugh.

Well, as it became a life full of leisure, the reason for being tied up like in the past disappeared.

As Varys said, it was not bad to watch such a competition at least once.

And then, hold on, you could join us, right?

* * *

"It wasn't a good opportunity."

In a dark room, a woman shined her eerie eyes.

"I never thought I'd crawl into a dragon's mouth."

The woman, who spoke coldly and looked down on the cold teacup, soon spoke without seeing her mother-in-law with her head down.

"Shari."

"Yes."

There`s no reason to let him live who wants to die."

"There is only one chance of an assault on the way to the Duchy of Felisty. I'll scatter their blood in it."

"If you fail, it's going to be a huge blow."

"They will never survive."

Even if blood did not continue, he is a member of the same royal family.

Linness Barieta seemed to feel no guilt for making her do this carelessly.

"Yeah, but you'll finish what you don't know about the future."

"......as contracted."

To her words, Shari, the poet, answered coldly, eager to live a cold, subdued life.

* * *

a continental sword contest

In most countries, the name of the competition, in which promising young people participated, was truly remarkable.

Of course, it was safe to say that there was no opposition from the royal family to Barris' participation in the continental sword competition.

What was a little surprising was that Queen Linness, who never saw other people's children doing well, readily agreed to participate in the competition and my company.

If Varys wins the competition, his position will soar completely different from that of Kalus, who only believes in his back.

Queen Linness, who does not want such a situation, would have to oppose it, but she was willing to allow it somehow.

Furthermore, I have expressed my willingness to accept the fact that I joined the ranks under the pretext of nursing.

Like, you're confident you'll never win a prize, or you've got something else in mind.

A group of people came to us, standing on the altar of Managate, which leads to the nearest territory to the Duchy of Felisty, and kneeling on one knee.

"Hold your head."

A stern voice, but on the other hand, a tired voice.

At the end of his silence, a middle-aged man came out and was looking at a procession to the Duchy of Felicity, including Barris and Winley.

The King of Louns, Krianes Allan.

He was the king of this country and my father.

And it was the first time I saw my father in nearly half a year after I woke up.

You've been avoiding it well.

I looked at him thinking so inwardly.

His former cheerful and dignified appearance was hard to find in him.

Six years, or a little longer than that, my father had been transformed into a completely different person.

Becoming a tired old lion.