17 # 17

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the 17th installment of the first volume

"Prince Baltic! Don't be so rude!"

"Lord Winley, out of the way! This is my honor as a knight...."

"If you're looking for fame, you know how much disrespect the prince has now shown!"

He clenched his teeth at her rebuttal.

Then he shook his head and screamed.

"Hey! It's noisy!"

I don't know if he thinks he's being dogged.

Like Win-ri, who looked puzzled, someone who was enjoying a banquet here seemed to find the situation very funny.

"I think she's right."

If it's to the point where it's coming out in person.

It was not Winley, nor me, nor was it Barris, who strode in anger at the sight of the angry and screaming Baltic.

"Hey, Ilina, dangry..."

Baltic's face turned pale at the voice of a girl who looked like a jade marble.

"Prince Valtien de Voltiz."

"......."

"I'll ask you again. Do you think the prince deserves to be honored now?"

Her voice was pure and beautiful.

However, it was as cold as the cold snow of the north wind.

As I turned my eyes away from him, shaking his hands, I could see a little girl staring at him coldly.

The girl with blonde hair that came to her waist with brilliant colors like honey melted was so beautiful that her eyes were broken without adding a lie.

Like a goddess or an angel.

However, when I saw the girl, I could not help but feel weird.

"Hares?"

a sword hares

Her impression was so similar to the hero of thousands of years ago who taught me the sword.

I murmured reflexively when I saw her unknowingly.

At the same time, the girl looked up at me with surprised eyes.

I desperately felt like I had an accident.

You little snout...

* * *

a sword hares

The founder of the bandit sword [middle sword] and his sword, which led to the sword god, has a great deal of blow and becomes the sea.

However, the nickname for him in the corridor was different from such a great thing.

You lazy old man.

He looked young-looking, but he was also a man who was treated as an elderly man because he was many among the heroes of the corridor.

The problem is that he was definitely a man.

He is quite a man of shape, but not a woman.

In that sense, the girl in front of her looks like him, but she was subtly different.

It was as if he would become a woman and become extremely glorified.

What did you just say?"

The girl with her eyes wide open asked me coldly.

He looked quite surprised and felt like an unknown person, but he shook his head quickly.

"No, you must have been mistaken."

"......."

Strange eyes come and go.

After looking at me suspiciously for a long time, she soon spoke coldly toward Baltic as if to shake off her thoughts.

"I've been watching the situation. I'll ask you again. Prince Baltic."

"Good."

"Do you think you're entitled to honor?"

The situation was watched breathlessly by her intervention.

Most of the people who gathered here were invited as representative hopefuls from each country.

"You have insulted everyone here, not to mention disrespecting Lady, who has a partner. And I had a partner, so I tried to get my hands on Lady who refused."

You must have been watching the situation quite carefully.

Her cold voice distorted Baltic's face pale.

To make a brief confirmation of his expression...

I felt as if I had failed.

No wonder, all the people gathered here were all representatives of the nation.

But the most troubling thing among them is none other than the girl in front of her, the Ilyna.

the Palan Empire, one of the three superpowers of the continent today.

the emperor's forbidden leaves

She is the daughter of an all-out family, who is rumored to have pushed the palace away and built a garden.

In addition, her position was so great that Baltic's face could not be straightened out.

"Huh, if you're really an honorary knight, I think it's right to apologize to both of you right now."

Crowds psychology is a frightening thing.

As some nodding their heads to sympathize with her, the rest of us are all riding on the atmosphere.

Shaking with a hot face as soon as he heated up, he expressed the atmosphere that he would run away at any momentarily.

"I accept that it's a fight."

However, you can't just spend it like that.

If you send it back like this, it'll just end up with that.

"What are you... ..

At my words, Winnie looked up at me with surprise.

And the Ilianna dusk also looked at me with a face that looked as if she didn't know English.

I've come forward at best, and I think I'm scattering all her credit for her.

Well, I can think of it that way, but I had a strong mind in my own way.

"Prince Baltic, did you say you wanted to fight?"

"...that...that's right!"

"I'll take it."

"Brother!"

"Orabani!"

Varys and Winri shouted in surprise at the same time, fearing that they were twins.

"Oh... Joe, good! If I win, you will kneel down and apologize to me in front of everyone!"

"Hey, Prince Baltic!"

Varys, furious, grabbed him by the collar.

"You know that this ridiculous thing you're doing right now could turn into a national problem, right?"

Varys, who shouted sharply as if he were about to be cut off immediately with a murderous face, was so harsh that he would have grabbed him if he had not had an eye to see him right away.

"Ha...... what's there to be afraid of if it's a fair battle? Ha! Yes! I heard of you, Prince Davy. God-given talent, but a half-byeong-shin who can't even hold a sword!"

"You punk!!"

Varys, furious, stopped him as soon as he could lift his fist.

"That's enough, Barris."

"Brother!"

He smiled and pressed his head hard, and when he stroked his head, he clenched his teeth and bowed his head.

"How long has he been awake..."

"It's all right."

He spoke calmly and looked at Prince Baltic.

"You have to judge the weight of a horse by yourself."

"Okay, that can't be true, but if I lose, I'll kneel in front of everyone and apologize!"

"All right."

His sullen smile deepened at my answer. Others would think they could never lose.

It was a natural reaction.

They are young boys and girls in their mid-tenths in high spirits.

Each of the people gathered here were so talented that they were selected as the nation's leading prospects.

Obviously, getting into the Expert in your early and mid teens is not going to be easy unless you have a lot of talent.

As I followed him and turned to the center of the banquet hall, I saw two younger brothers looking at me with worried faces.

He looked as if he didn't know why I was being so stubborn even though he wanted to stop him somehow.

In addition, there were many facial expressions.

There were some people who were worried about curiosity or unnecessary death.

And only one.

There was one person who looked coldly and was immersed in something else.

"Listen to the sword! I'm going to engrave the depth of the sword here today!"

Proudly shouted Prince Baltic at me with a wooden sword.

So I picked up a wooden sword on the floor and smiled leisurely, lightly hanging down.

"Long time no see. Things like this."

* * *

The flow of the banquet hall, which was held for friendship and harmony, seemed to quickly spread into a battle.

As each other is young hopefuls representing the nation, there must have been a considerable battle of pride between them in the absence of a battle of pride.

And for some reason, the nobles who were supposed to stop each country's conflict were watching the situation quietly.

You wanted to avoid a situation where you got into trouble.

In addition, the Duchy of Felesti was also watching the battle from afar without imposing any significant sanctions.

Those who came to enjoy the banquet soon remained silent, looking at the open space for the battle.

"The cilantro gives way to the subordinates!"

He shouted haughtily at me as I was swinging the wooden sword around, maybe it was embedded in an iron core.

Holding a sturdy Bastard Sword-designed wooden sword, he stood haughtily, pointing his sword at me and nodding.

"You insolent bastard!"

Varys shouted angrily at the gesture.

Not only that, but there were many people who seemed to be strangely intrusive, even though others did not notice.

Being vigorous and rude are different.

Moreover, those who were looking at the situation already knew who was being brazen beyond disrespect.

The most cold look at the Baltic is.

She was none other than the Ilyna, the forbidden Okyeob of the Palan Empire.

Staring at Baltic with a strangely irritated face, she soon turned to me and shook her head as if she could not understand.

"I can't stand being considerate."

He muttered as if he were joking and looked around at the thin wooden sword and turned his eyes to him.

a baby bird

Although the transformation of the bone is not yet complete, there is something that has been built up while recovering.

Now, the guy who just stepped into the attack started a fight with me, who had experience of crushing all the assassins, from the mid-level to the senior level.

I would like to destroy it thoroughly so that I would never catch a sword again, but I am only a weak prince who has been out of bed for less than a year.

A good way to...

There is. Just one.

"You're not coming? Ha, I guess so. No wonder you're scared."

As if you already won.

The Baltic laughed coldly.

"However, the battle has already begun! What are you doing? Come on in!"

Watching him shouting as if he were treating his subordinates, I thought that the relationship between the Kingdom of Voltiz and the Kingdom of Loun was not good.

"Well, you can't refuse to be considerate."

It made me think complicated, but I ignored it lightly.

There is only one thing.

A way to beat an opponent while completely hiding my skills.

And a way to effectively powder your opponent's mind.

"Orabani..."

I could hear a faint voice of Winnie looking at me anxiously.

"Well, let's go inside."

Mumbling lightly, he lifted a heavy wooden sword at him.

Then slowly, one step at a time.

And by the time we got to a certain distance.

Like an angry bull, he ran toward him quickly.

Crying!!

My wooden sword penetrated at him with a heavy porous sound.

a light cutting of a bell

However, Baltic escaped my sword by taking a light step forward as if he had anticipated that he would come.

"Huh?"

Tung!!

When that happened, my sword, which lost its goal, hit the bottom and shook my body, twisting the center of gravity.

"Dazed..."

Ack!!

It was then.