21 # 21

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the first volume of the First Episode

Varys' match was none other than against the Prince of the Kingdom of Voltiz, Baltic.

The mischievous thing about Daejin-pyo also makes me wonder how I can meet him right away, but he seemed to think that it was better than not being able to meet him because of the twisted Daejin-pyo.

Standing on the stage with a stiff face, he looked determined to not see fear or fear.

I already felt expectations that the whole stadium was heated up due to the whole game.

All of them were outstanding, so their performance must have been very different from ordinary scuffles.

Varys had a claymore as big as his own, and as such, the sword day was rather dull.

Priests with outstanding magical photographs and skills are on standby, but if they are hit wrong with a sharp weapon, they are likely to die before recovering.

"Don't be angry. You might get hurt while running around."

"Barris has a lot of experience. It'll be all right."

"And that's true, but..."

Although Winri was a back assistant, Varys used to take the lead when he wiped out the fire from the other side, perhaps because of his personality.

Therefore, I don't know how busy the knights were to protect him, but I have to express my condolences.

Then on the other side, Baltic slowly climbed up with a long-sword.

I thought his expression would not be good because of the embarrassment he had suffered from me at the banquet the day before, but his expression was fearlessly expressionless.

"The blade of the sword is dull, but no salchow! Do not attack by carrying a sword directly onto the weapon."

The magician in a robe quietly asked and installed the varier before the battlefield.

It was to prevent the aftermath of their fight from flying to the audience.

It was a look full of hostility, but Varys finally glared at Baltic without saying anything.

On the contrary, the Baltic just silently pulled out the sword.

"Let's go!"

Soon after, the two collided as soon as the start signal rang.

Barris, who has learned the most destructive swordsmanship by force.

And Baltic, who uses an anomalous sword to make fun of his opponent with a long sod.

Varys had the upper hand in terms of economy or sword skills.

In addition, the atmosphere around Baltic was going against him because of the flirtation.

In fact, those who saw him at the banquet did not seem to expect anything from Baltic.

by the way

"Hmm?"

The Baltic went head-on against Varys' sword, contrary to everyone's expectations.

Because he grew up? It wasn't.

I had a strange sense of deja vu.

Kaang!! Kang!!

Both of them are excellent performers who use Manna to strengthen their bodies.

Every time the swords, which had no blades, collided with each other, they could be seen splashing fire.

Kaang!! Kang!!

The enthusiasts were caught in a silent silence, surprised by the unexpected close game between the two.

He was so absorbed in their game that he held his hands tightly and swallowed his breath.

Baltic, who abandoned anomalous swordsmanship and used unusual steel swordsmanship that he did not know where he had mastered, was far beyond his physical abilities that he showed me the previous day.

It certainly wasn't that I grew up in a short time.

As if a person had changed, his swordsmanship was so heterogeneous.

If I hadn't woken up Varys' Manna the day before, I'd have been devastated.

Crying!!

The two men, who were pushing each other as if they were competing for strength, fell at the same time and widened the distance.

"Wow... I've never seen him move so fast..."

As Winley said.

Varys, who takes a short breath, seemed surprised once again at the fact that his physical abilities had improved significantly from the previous day, and that he, who used an anomalous sword, had come in with the same strong sword as himself.

"You've grown a lot."

The man who used to wield the wooden sword wildly and boast that he would become a knight has grown a lot.

It is true that Baltic is strange, but I also felt proud of Barris.

"I never thought I'd be so good at using a steel sword."

Breathing hard, Varys quietly asked Baltic.

But Baltic just lifted the long-sword and dug it into him without saying anything, just like his initial expression.

I felt a sense of deja vu once again.

"What's wrong with you, brother?"

"Nothing."

While speaking calmly, I immediately concentrated the head coach Manna on the eyeball.

As the magic of Muyeongchang was revealed, things that were not seen in sight slowly began to appear.

It was a dark magic to see through the inside of the opponent.

at the same time

My expression was grimaced when I saw the air flowing through the body of Baltic.

"Look at this?"

Realizing what was strange, I jumped up.

Also, it was at the same time that the confrontation between the two was concluded.

The Baltic put himself into the sword of Varys, which he dug into as if he were making a settlement.

an attitude as if to force a gap in Varys

Reflecting on the trajectory of the sword, he tried to attack again, but Baltic did not miss the short gap and swung the sword.

Then, a moment of redness was young in his sword, and without hesitation, he thrust the sword into the heart of Varysince's heart.

Whoooooong!!

At the same time, a blue membrane blocked Baltic's attack from his body and disappeared as if it were being smashed.

11. Let me borrow your sword.

The continental sword competition is a competition between talented people, but it is a sport that is based on the principle of not killing an opponent.

However, he broke the two biggest rules: not to use the black salchow of Baltic and not to use the sword as a weapon.

The inside of the stadium, which was filled with consternation, began to tremble slowly.

a blue membrane

There was no way anyone who had mastered the sword to some extent would not know it.

Expert intermediate level or higher. So it's a self-barrier used by highly skilled people.

It was a phenomenon in which Manna moved and protected herself to protect her owner when a dangerous attack.

It was also called the "Expert-level" or higher, which has a strong resistance to magic from the time of the revelation.

Most sword-trained people are often frustrated by not being able to break through this point, and Barris pioneered it at the age of 14.

All I did was give him a slight massage of Manna, who had been hardened to his body, but that had already taken him up a notch.

Of course, the sword shown by Baltic was an ominous red sword, not an ordinary sword, and he was a newcomer not long after his unveiling, so he couldn't all ease the shock.

"Cough!"

As a small amount of blood flowed through his mouth, Varys slowly rose up with a pale face.

"The battle is over! Prince Baltic! I declare you disqualified for breaking both rules!"

At the same time as the wizard's angry cry, knights quickly climbed onto the battlefield and overpowered him as if surrounding him.

However, despite the situation, Baltic only turned his head to a bizarre angle with a blank face.

And, maybe it's the first time I'm trying to open my mouth.

"Knock, nod."

However, the voice from his mouth was a strange voice to be seen as human.

"Prince Valtien de Voltiz of the Kingdom of Voltiz! Such rude behavior can only be described as the intention of the Boltese state at the conference held for the sake of national unity."

Officials in the host country of Felicity shouted angry.

If Varys is killed here, it won't be a common problem.

It was the sound of not only Varys but also of all who participated in the sound.

all those who came as representatives of each country

Among them, there were royal families and famous shamanistic children.

Even though they are young, if they are a country that values them, they will protest with their eyes open.

Then, of course, the purpose of national unity will be frozen to death, and you will die to death.

No one knew that even if two small countries went to war, most of the neighboring countries would jump in with justification.

However, when Felisty said, he did not make any excuses, only his head was tilted.

"From the organizer's point of view, what the prince did was malicious and deliberate in return! If you don't give me any explanation, I will formally protest to the Boltis as the current host nation of the National Association of Continental Swordsman Competition!"

shouted the official as if he were throwing an ultimatum.

"Wait!"

"Wait for me! What the prince has done now is never meant to cause trouble!"

A formal protest would never be hoped for even as a Boltis state.

The nobles of the Voltiz country, who ran up the battlefield gasping, struggled to cover up the situation.

"Prince! Please say to him... ..kkkk!"

It was then.

Baltic, who remained silent and stayed still, bent his head to a bizarre angle and grabbed the head of a noble who came close to him.

Puck!!!!

"Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk!"

It was in no time that the head of the aristocrat exploded like a watermelon hit by a baseball bat.

At the same time, the blood disappeared from everyone's faces watching the situation on the field.

* * *

Like you're smiling.

He opened his mouth wide and started to make weird noises, and he spilled red air not only from the sword but also from his hands without the sword.

The sight of the red air surrounding his entire body as if a sticky liquid was flowing down made the viewer get goose bumps.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Then, after a short silence, screams began to burst throughout the stadium.

Again, it is a friendly competition with a strong sports concept.

It was the same logic as the confusion that would arise if a player ripped a person's head off during a match at the Earth's Olympic Games.

The eyes of the strangely smiling man began to move wildly, and his whites began to turn red.

At the same time, unknown veins sprang up all over his skin and began to turn ugly, and the fangs seen through his open mouth began to grow as long as vampires in ghost stories, not humans.

'Infectious.'

It's not just a vampire if it's enough to make an infectious agent that spills the black.

My instinctive realization of it narrowed my eyes.

I could tell from the flow of Manna a while ago that his condition was not what I knew.

Manna's flow to life was nowhere to be found and full of bizarre flows.

Ignoring the Baltic, who was standing overpowered by the knights, he approached Varys and looked up at me half-white.