26 # 26

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the first installment of the second volume.

13. Symbiosis and escape.

The completely lost area of light created afterimage, flapping pure white feathers.

At the same time, a tremendous sense of dexterity sank as if hitting the whole body.

There's no rebound.

"Whoa..."

Looking back at the slowly closing eyes, all the red fog created by Bloodpolis, or vampire, seemed to have disappeared.

Yeah, it's nothing else, it's a 9th-tier sex magic, and if there's any trace left, that's a problem.

It is a transcendent magic that brings the will of God to the earth.

There was a laugh in vainly.

After slowly opening my eyes and checking the people who raised my head, I turned around and looked at Caldiras, which was stuck upside down, and thought I had to go back, but I soon shook it off, leaned on the sword, and sat down.

Caldiras, who was suddenly deprived of most of his divine power, remained silent.

A sword with an ego may have been shocked by the sudden loss.

There's a big difference between knowing and being treated without knowing.

I feel sorry for no reason, so if I have something to do next time, it would be okay to take care of it.

I closed my eyes slowly thinking that. I also care about the mysterious status window (?) that pops up in my mind, but now I want to put everything down and go to sleep.

While checking the energy that was beginning to recover at an unprecedented rate, I fell asleep comfortably as if I had let go of my passion, seeing the blonde girl slowly approaching.

* * *

It's been a while since I slept soundly without any worries.

It was much shorter than when I was training, but it would have been better to describe it as a very comfortable sleep for me who had never slept properly for nearly half a year.

"... ..from Bernie..."

"Sorry..."

I heard someone talking in my sleep.

When you open your eyes blankly, you can see the neat ceiling of the accommodation.

It was a small mansion as soon as he arrived at the Duchy of Felisty.

"Ah..."

There was an exclamation in my heart from the freshness I felt after a long time.

"Oh, my brother!"

At the same time, Win-ri, who had a look on her face that she didn't like something, found me and rushed to me.

"Orabani! Are you awake?"

"Winley."

"Are you all right?" You're all right, aren't you?"

His expression was full of worries, saying that he would cry with anxiety at any moment.

"How much did I sleep?"

What's wrong with your expression?

I asked blankly, and eventually Win-ri, who burst into tears, came to me.

"You haven't woken up in two days. I'm... I'm afraid my brother won't be able to get up again.

Ah.

Since you have a history, it would be a natural result to worry.

When I patted him on the back of the crying guy, I heard a faint sobbing.

I just felt his body shaking little by little when I comforted him without saying a word.

"I had a dream."

"Dream?"

"Yes, when the red mist came upon me... ...my brother's dream of protecting me."

She didn't seem to remember exactly what happened then.

It would be a relief if he didn't show anything ugly.

"What about Barris?"

"That's... ..."

The guy with a somewhat anxious look frowned.

"Orabani, tell me the truth. Did you really get rid of that red fog?"

"Um......."

"I was actually checking my brother's body and I saw him. The marker... that's... the scar, right? The Mark of God."

I found it difficult to hide some facts when he said something vague.

The existence of large scarring on the back was a problem.

It's about three bones in size.

Considering that the size of the scar is usually about the size of the wrist, it was a very large size.

a mark inscribed by the power of God

It is a unique scar that cannot be made in any way that exists in this world.

It was a sign of God and a testament to the noble being loved by God.

"Hmm..."

"Why... is that so?"

"Does it show a lot?"

"It's a scar on my back, so I don't know if I see it, but if I see it myself, To the point where I can't believe it's a scar."

I have a feeling that nothing other than sacredness has been discovered.

"I heard it from a priest who found this place. I think the red mist is all purified. I didn't identify him, but I was wondering if that's why he's here."

"Is that so?"

"Yes, only if he doesn't remember."

Ilyna, the only one who may have seen everything, seems to be still silent.

To be honest, I thought I'd come and wipe it right away, but I guess I wasn't that kind of personality.

"In fact, a senior member of the department who was treating my brother's body found it. It's not a big deal, is it? It seems like my brother, who had passed out in the Holy Spirit, downloaded the Holy Traces..."

There's no choice but to spread the rumor.

It was certainly worth it.

In general, unlike devout congregations, the scar is as good as God showing love first.

"Orabani, you're not sick or anything, are you? What?"

"I don't think there's anything bad about it."

"Sigh..."

A bad thing?

'It's a better situation.'

The evidence of a saint, or the evidence of a saint. That's the holy grail.

The purpose of expressing the region of the 9th Ecclesiastical God was to deal with the red fog.

But there was also my own calculation hidden in it.

This clean calculation was also essential for comfortable eating and living well.

It uses a large amount of manna at once to reveal its savings, spurring its growth rate.

It was a light attempt, but the result was not light.

'The mana pain has increased dramatically.'

Manna and Commander Mana, who responded to the divine power, have risen in large numbers.

Compared to the amount I had before, it was clearly noticeable.

This is enough to express an oracle blade at random.

Although he did not experience a change of heart, he came to the point where he could pull out the oracle blade, the exclusive property of the master.

In the past, the power was equally maintained by enlightenment and experience.

And now you're back enough to pull out the oracle blade?

There was a smirk of laughter. Among them, the biggest change in growth was none other than the lazy nature of divinity.

It is not a sexual scar for nothing.

It feels like the amount of divine power that began to grow in me has increased in large quantities because the traces of the castle, which could not be obtained when it was in the state of the soul of the corridor, were carved in this size.

In the end, the slowest growth of the group rose to the highest level among the three powers.

"The power to grow when you have an opportunity, Holy Father.'

I was leaning against the bed, kicking my tongue inside and stroking Winri's head.

"Go in and get some rest. I want to think about something for a while. You must have had a hard time nursing, so you need to rest."

"I don't know how crazy he was when he lost his mind."

He puffed up his cheeks as if he were strangely angry.

"In addition, Ilyna, the Empress, suddenly insisted on taking my brother to her quarters..."

"Dear lilina?"

"Yes, you said you had the right medical staff... ...and you barely managed to kick me out of here a minute ago, 'cause I don't think you're gonna wake up here. Hooray!

The reason for her behavior is obvious.

Unless you're a fool, she's seen and remembered. That's when.

Of course, I didn't mean to tell you exactly what it is.

What was a little curious was that Winnie had quite a bit of hair against her.

It was questionable, but it didn't seem necessary to ask that.

"Now that I'm awake, I'm fine."

"The game has been suspended since that day. Because of this, the whole country is in a mess right now in disarray."

It is natural that a monster, which is not an ordinary job, has emerged as a monster believed to be a beast.

"I suppose so."

"Well, I'm going to get going. Then, get some rest, brother."

Winnie smiled and hugged me and walked out of the room often.

The rest of the day, I opened the door and reached quietly for Winnie who went out.

Um... Is this how it works? Confirm information.'

Beep!

At the same time, a translucent black box was revealed again as if I had not misread it.

Name: Winley All-Own.

Age: 14

Gender: Women

Species: Human beings

Title: Nothing

Abnormal condition: Fatigue.

Remark: 3 Circle Wizard.

Current Psychology:

anxiety about the poet

Surprised.

the state of a heart medicine

"Oh... ..."

I didn't show much. However, what this status window of the unidentified window showed contained information that would never be found in general.

"It's like a game."

However, a person's ability to perceive the most necessary opponent in dealing with people was a great merit in itself.

"Why on earth did this happen all of course.'

Was it the problem that he prayed to the Lord? Or was it the problem that he used the method he used when he was a dead person again?

Whatever it is, it's all complicated.

'Don't worry, it's not a bad thing anyway.'

If it is helpful in future life, I will spare no money.

At least there won't be any misunderstanding.

Thinking about it, I turned out of the darkened window, and despite it being night, I could see the night view of the bright Felesti Kingdom slowly out of the window.

Asked whether he should hide his existence, he was not able to make an easy decision.

People's work is full of things they don't know.

People around me suffer from a big scale.

Is there a need to hide it?'

Judging from the current situation, it seems that his sexual scars have already been discovered.

However, not a single detail is known.

A amphitheater with sacred energy, and the steles carved on me found in it.

Thanks to the babbling of a senior priest who said he had treated me, there was only a story about sexual scars, but as a result, no one has seen me run wild.

Judging from the circumstances, I should be mistaken that I did it.

Is it not a misunderstanding?

I was silent with such complicated thoughts.

On the other hand, you must have liked the ability to see through the psychology and the state of your opponent. So, what are you thinking?

It was then.

A strange girl's voice was heard in the quiet room.

The tone sounds like the voice of an old man, but the voice I hear is the voice of a girl of my age.

His voice seemed to be transmitted to his mind by will, not by voice.

"Who is it?"

He mumbled, frowning at the unwavering voice.

You lied to my sense and approached me?

I was more concerned to know that it was impossible at some point.

That means you're not an ordinary person.

Sitting absentmindedly, I squinted my eyes and slowly pulled up my strength.