23 # 23

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Book One, Episode 23

"It's not a fluke this time. If you don't feel a handful, you'll be torn right away. I don't know how you're fine, but run away."

"I don't think he's going to let go."

"I'll try and stop him!"

The girl I saw was a girl who didn't show her feelings easily.

The position of the dusk would have made it so.

But now, she was overly obsessed.

It's like seeing a vampire as the enemy of a thousand.

She gave a bitter smile and tugged at her shoulder to activate Manna.

It must be a timid revenge for interfering with your own way.

"Huh?"

At the same time, the index and middle finger of her right hand were gathered and stabbed lightly in the back of her neck.

"Kkkk?!"

As soon as she was about to look back at me, she was so shocked.

Once again, the thrown index finger and middle finger stabbed her collarbone accurately and quickly.

"Cuck!"

At the same time, her body collapsed like a broken doll.

"I... What is this?!"

She is embarrassed as if she didn't understand what happened in my body.

The gaze, which seemed to demand an explanation quickly, did not turn away without a word, even if it was sorry.

"I don't know why you have such a grudge against vampires, but it's my job, so don't interrupt me."

The momentary burst of life left her eyes wide open with astonishment.

"Ca, what are you... ..."

With her blank mumbling back, she rolled her fist lightly and stretched out as if measuring the distance with her left hand.

Then he held out his left foot and took a short breath.

"Kick! Kkak!!"

At the same time, Baltic, who had been inhaling blood-colored fog, rushed in at the same speed as shells.

Bloody fog is the best environment for him. That much, the speed and power of the man who inhaled the fog were much stronger.

Surely the sword doesn't work well, and the magic is a man of constant resistance.

Monsters of the undead strain are quite resistant except for one thing.

"Suddenly!"

Unlike when I attacked others, he certainly gave me a lot of life.

Even if I lost my temper, it was his instinct to hate me extremely.

He firmly fixed his leg that he had stuck out to the forward attack as if he was going to make a complete Gonjuk with his huge fist and hit his wrist with his left hand, which was measuring the distance.

That's a lot of power.

Perhaps because of the influence of my first swordsmanship teacher, I was certain about my muscle strength.

As a result, I am very aware of the advantages and disadvantages of strong power.

You can just turn your balance like this and you'll be able to the ground.

Fall on the same property.

[Chenmagong Hematoma Cracking Site]

As the destructive black energy of the machinist began to overflow, I without hesitation thrust my folded finger into his heart as if it were spinning.

Poof!!!

At the same time, a black devil's hand-like remnant, based on my hand that touched his heart, swallowed him and caused a huge vibration, leaving a huge mark on the wall behind him.

* * *

The blonde girl looked at the scene unfolding in front of her eyes.

It must have felt like this when a huge devil weighs down a small creature.

The horrifying sensation all over my body shook me unconsciously.

"...what the hell is that?"

She was barely able to keep her body under control due to the huge vibration, but she remained silent as she watched Baltic, who became a monster who boasted a huge body, collapsed in vain.

Unless you're an idiot, you know that Baltic's power is stronger than before.

Nevertheless, he let his attack slip too lightly.

Then, a close push from his palm punctured his body with a grotesque hole in his body.

It was an incredible sight to see the man, who had only a small wound even with the use of an extreme sword and a destructive sword, explode without even using his hands.

There was no sign of manna in his body.

Is it possible for humans to do that?

Is it practically possible for a man who cannot feel a handful of mana to blow away the monster with black and white air?

She couldn't believe my eyes easily.

"Whoow."

After shaking off his hands as if he was relieved, he slowly approached her, ignoring the Baltic, which was bleeding black.

Maybe it's because of his out-of-town life.

Or is it because of the unidentified power he has shown?

Somehow I felt scared of him.

The sight of him walking silently and approaching her made her realize that she was walking backward without realizing it.

Blame!

"Oh, my God!"

Unknowingly twisted because of her impulsive movement, she collapsed with a cute scream.

I don't know why she was scared, but she looked up at him with trembling eyes, losing her usual cold appearance.

The black-haired boy, who saw her like that, stayed still as if he was thinking about something and smiled.

The coldness of the earlier life was nowhere to be seen.

"Oh, I feel better now."

"What?"

"Let me borrow your sword."

She tilted her head at his sudden remark.

She had only one half-broken sword. Although it's called the master of the sword, Caldiras...

To be exact, she did not reach the level of realization of the sword.

"It's already broken..."

"Not that."

With a cool smile, the boy pointed to her chest.

To be exact, it was a little brooch that was covering her jacket.

"This."

Sticking!!

Her eyes were wide open to the boy's behavior of ripping off the brooch as if she had no intention of hearing any answers.

The idea of unbelievable dominated the whole body.

"The boss needs to get his item red, so let's borrow some strength. You Swordsman."

12.9 Gastric Vocalization, Change.

Thanks to his life's dedication to making numerous weapons, including swords to save the world, he was promoted as a hero.

He gave this name to one of his greatest works of life.

Caldiras.

It was an ancient spirit word that meant a guardian of white color.

Even if the same ingredients are held in his hands, the sword is born.

The old sword also has an indescribable power when it is newly smelted through his hands.

A magic smith blessed by the Spirits.

His skill in handling manna and smelting swords was well known throughout the continent.

Two of his lifetime's greatest swords, and the remaining ten swords, still remain on the continent and are treated as national treasures.

They were all great magic swords, but Caldiras was exceptionally good among them.

This sword, which was made by burning his life span for his friend Hares, was so well-made that it was attached to Ego.

What is ergo?

It literally meant to be self-self.

A sword that releases its own power with its own ego.

To be honest, I can't help but feel great just listening to it, but I knew well what kind of guy this is, knowing the truth.

What kind of guy?

Hey! Who are you to catch me? Why don't you let go of this?!

You can tell just by hearing this chirping sound that screams your head.

'It's noisy.'

Of course, the famous owner of the new sword told him enough about his temper.

What, what?!

'Cooperate with me. If you act uncooperative, your master will die.'

The calm words gave him a faint shudder.

"The sword with the added vibration function. As I've heard, it smells like a pervert."

If the 1,000-day-old yard Surt, who made the sword, heard this, he would have shouted, "If I had heard this, I would kill him right away."

Of course, he's already in the corridor, so you can't hear me here.

It doesn't matter if you don't listen to the king.

Hey! How dare you think of me as that?

No one else could hear the voice of the man who was screaming.

"Hey... hey..."

She, who had barely maintained her mind with the power of the new sword because I pulled out the brooch, called me with difficulty, but the power of the new sword was gone, so it seemed like a limitation to hold on any longer.

Maybe it's hard to stay sane.

Her talent is excellent, but her opponent is only bad.

Whoo...

Gradually, he lifted up his energy and lowered his hand holding the brooch, and a strong white light burst out.

It is a compression of a thousand-year-old orihar cone.

That means he's not a sword for nothing.

As I calmly poured my energy in, a huge storm seemed to surround my body, and soon the sword made of light began to take the form of a giant sword.

It is approximately 120 centimeters long and over 10 centimeters wide.

Considering that the current owner of the house, Ilyna, is only in her mid-150s, it is her size.

a pure white sword

A remarkably smooth sword and a story that can be cut just by looking at it.

The power of warm divine power feels strong enough to make your head cry.

Is it natural that the sword of the sword and the only one on the continent was the weapon that the blacksmith laid out?

Without a word, he lifted the sword and swept it over with his fingertips.

"It's definitely good."

It is said that it is a life of a dog.

When you see a good thing, what you want to have is a person's heart.

However, without hesitation, I shook off my lingering attachment to this sword.

It's not mine in the first place and it's just a sword that doesn't fit me that well.

I haven't even woken up my contractor yet, so... how can I do that?!

Ignoring the screaming words of Caldiras, he swung the sword as if it were cutting through the air.

Paang!!

At the same time, a huge wave of power surrounded me and slowly dispersed.

Valtian, who became a monster who was walking around in the red fog, burst into a hematopoietic rupture that I did not control my strength a while ago.

Even if there was no enemy, it was actually not.

Valtian, the monster who lost his mind, would never have been the mastermind behind this.

Of course, it was the high-ranking vampire who infected him that induced this situation.

Without a word, he pulled his grip back with his sword in the air.

Then he lowered the end of the sword and cut it off as if it were to be lifted.