27 # 27

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the second volume of the second installment.

Down, down.

Then I heard a voice once again.

This time, it was a voice that felt the right direction.

Reflecting this, he turned to the place where his voice was heard.

There was a little girl as big as the palm of her hand sitting on my leg looking up at me.

"I've never seen you before, and I'm embarrassed that the seal was unintentionally released, but if this is God's will, I'm sure it means it."

a pair of pure white horns on the head

The eyes have a strange red pattern that cannot be compared to those of me and the vampire girl, Shari.

an overwhelming beauty

When I saw her, I suddenly opened my eyes to the memory of one day.

You look embarrassed because there's a strange window in front of you. Was she wrong?

* * *

Hmm? What brings you here? Who are you drawing? I didn't know you were good at drawing.]

Well, what do you think?

[Human engineering handle on the head, the eyes of the red 8th grade syndrome look blood-stained, isn't it a horse race? It's almost like a high-ranking demon in terms of beauty.]

You would be the only one to tell me to hold the horn of the head. Yeah, like you said, he's a mahjong.

What kind of wind does he remember and even paint a portrait? Besides, the detailed description seems like a girl who remains in my memory for a long time.]

Pretty? Of course, it's an overwhelming beauty compared to the crazy girls over there partying. It's just memorable because I drew it hundreds of times. His name is Persec.

The lazy sword god Hares laughed bitterly, pointing to the appearance of an 18-year-old girl.

She's still a human being, and I adopted her and taught her the sword.

[Wait, Persec?]]

Yes, as you know, the demon of the abyss I cut into Caldiras and sealed it to the sword to end the Great War.

* * *

"......."

All I could think of was that it was really surprising.

One of the two lingering regrets of the memory-deprecating sword, which he had spent thousands of years in the corridor, is right in front of him.

"The Devil... Persec."

You know her too well. As expected, she's got her eyes right.

He released Manna, the commander of the team, and tied her up as if she were in a tight spot.

There was nothing more to be confused about if the subject was found.

In an instant, the commander Manna, who had become in high spirits, spread like a rope, arrested her whole body and put her in the air.

You're a tough guy, but you don't have the taste to be restrained.

"I don't think we're playing games."

Isn't it the first time you and I have met each other? There's no particular reason to get along.

Her words left me with a bitter smile.

"I'd like you to explain this situation."

She gave me a look of embarrassment.

As it became a symbiotic relationship, I was going to tell you not to.

Her words wriggled my eyes.

"Civil relationships?"

the scar on your back It's become a vessel for her soul now. So that size is not normal.

"It's not funny that the scar is the vessel that seals the devil, to be honest, I don't understand the situation at all."

In my words, she was nabbed by the commander's mana and avoided her eyes with a faint groan of difficulty.

If you do... ...why don't you untie this? Again, she doesn't have much of a fetish for being restricted, and if she's in this ugly position...

She avoided looking at the end of her speech and looked a slightly red face.

"Hmm..."

A little... ...shameful.

I felt like my blood, which had cooled down cold, was returning to its original state, as if I had revealed my disgrace.

As she swings her hand lightly, the mana she was restraining becomes loose.

I didn't tie it up for much meaning, but she seemed to have been tied up bizarrely while trying to resist.

Of course, it may not feel strange depending on who sees it.

Phew...... I think I'm going to live.

It is also a big problem to liberate the existence of the Ma Wang class, but I boldly removed Manna from her captivity.

She is already a lion.

I will not do any more harm to me than I am dead.

"Yeah. Can you give me a neat and concise explanation to convince me?"

Hmm... he's a twisted guy.

"I heard that my temper is a little bit of a stink."

Hmm...

She smiled vainly and looked up at me.

I felt like I was lightly reflected in the red blood with the pattern on it.

"Yes, what's the matter with the Devil, who should be sealed to the Shingam?"

There's no point in persuading her because she knows who she is.

Laughing bitterly, she sighed briefly.

Then he looked up at me quietly, bowed his head and grabbed both ends of the dress.

Let's say hello, she's Persec von Palan. I am the devil who looks at you in the abyss.

The evil of the Great War between the ancient middle class and the Ma tribe is in front of us.

When someone looks into the abyss, the abyss also looks at them.

It was she who was the etymology of the word.

In that sense, she was a little different from the usual mahwang.

She looked up at me with a grin on what was so pleasant.

The situation is simple. I think you knew she was already sealed in the new sword.

The sword Caldiras is a sword that Hares, the sword, cut down the demon king to end the Great War.

So far as it is known, in fact, the spirit of the king was sealed to the sword.

You heard it from yourself, so it's not a lie.

"Yes, I didn't think the will would be awake."

Caldiras' personality is not bad enough to restrain his friend's will.

I gave a questionable look at her words.

"Chinwoo?"

Well, this trivial personal situation is meaningless. To be exact, she was only transferred from Caldiras to you by the will of God.

"......."

Her words left me speechless silent.

I don't know if God really exists.

Who knows such a god who has never been conquered?

However, God's will definitely existed. The magic that was possible because of it was the sanctuary of God.

The starting point must also be the divine magic I used to completely turn Bloodpolis into nothing.

The question is why she came to me when she was locked up in Caldiras.

"Why are you here?"

When I asked her out of curiosity, I found her face smiling.

She wouldn't be so frustrated if she knew that. Because of you, you have become an unintended symbiotic relationship, so shouldn't you take responsibility for her?

She has spoken as if she had a little child.

Personally, I'm quite interested in you. He's the second person to bear the mark of a sword.

"Hareth's sword"?

You sound as if you know him well.

"I know, I've always talked about you."

I see... her story...

The status window before my eyes. It is no use lying to her if it is caused by her ability.

Whoever it is, not me, she'll see through the truth and find the essence.

She nodded at my words.

I'm glad you don't hide it.

"I'm going to see what I'm hiding from. A demon with the power to see through people like you doesn't deserve to lie. That's not even the power of the Devil in the first place, is it?"

She smiled bitterly at my question.

Hero's Corridor...... I didn't know such a place would exist, that's amazing. I just want to correct one thing.

"Which one?"

She doesn't see through you. She just had the power to borrow the will of a higher authority. The status window to express you. The bittersweet way of expressing it is not her taste.

"High will?"

Human beings are called the Lord.

It was a laugh that the master used the expression of a high-ranking man in such a great position, such as a serious brother's wish, to be a half-crazy man.

You're a curious, divine God who gives a man like me... so what can you expect?

She murmured with remorse.

Her strength from the sword, Haares, is she.

The abyss that looked at the abyss was the value of her existence.

That's why she was called the greatest demon of all time.

"So, because of the magic I used, you came over to me from Caldiras?"

When you use the 9th-order sex magic, a large amount of divine power was released, and she came with you. The soul of her lost place has settled in your holy place. It's impossible by nature, but...

With a short tongue, she looked pitiful.

There is no eternal seal, and if you knew it would be so, you would say goodbye to the self of Caldiras...

"What about Caldiras? Do you know this?"

Instinctively, you must feel it, but you know it. He fell asleep in the aftermath of the 9th-tier sex magic you used.

"Ah."

I'll sleep like crazy for three days. My ears are burning when I hear the chatterbox's words, but I wasn't bored. Maybe I'll crack you up when I wake up. Laughing.

Unlike her way of speaking, she smiled like a child.

the demon king who became the cause of the great war, or the source of the Continental War

Her appearance was a little different from what was known.

The fact that it was not acting was not the easy setting of knowing psychology, but because I heard it.

She is a scapegoat for war. And he's an ugly father who's been playing under the filthy torrent of flow.

Sword god Hares used to blame himself for describing her and herself that wayward.

I've had a strange feeling since I first saw you with Caldiras, and I never thought you'd use some of the complete original swordsmanship left by her father.

To be exact, my swordsmanship was more like a combination of the sword and the heavenly horse.

At first, he learned the proper swordsmanship of the sword, but it changed afterwards.

To be honest with you, it seems to be a swordsmanship modified to suit you.

"That's right. Two swordsmen created it."

Her wry smile slowly flew up.

She reached out to me as she fluttered her cute little wings behind her back.

a matter of fact Moving is not new, so symbiosis isn't bad either. Please take good care of me.

As she said, it was clear that even if she had a bad heart, there was no way to do anything now.