29 # 29

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the fourth installment of the second volume.

[Can I ask you to do that?] How do you think I'm gonna ruin it?

Look at him talking, you? You're more poisonous than me, and you're ruining it? I've never been there before.

He put more weight on his short life that he could not complete.

What's left of me when I get back.

My troubles didn't last long.

'Let's get rid of it.'

Clean it up... ...that means there's someone who's got a grudge against you.

You already know everything, don't you?

That's right. Just because you're a girl doesn't know everything. In fact, if you look inside you, there is a section that even the girl can't reach.

There is something that even the devil of the abyss cannot see, so I felt that my condition was not normal in the first place.

But what do you think you're going to do? I don't think you want to just smash it.

'Yeah, I can't do things that I didn't do without preparation. Queen Liness may not know, but the aristocracy, led by the Duke of Barieta, has so many responsibilities that the entire kingdom of Louns is on alert if it is quickly filtered out. Even if we start purging right away, we can't stop the Louns from reeling.'

It takes too much time to filter out one by one. That's why she's so arrogant, and the royal family can't just punish the aristocracy.

'I've thought of a way.'

May I ask you a question?

What is it?

What do you want?

The voice was as sweet as a twisted horseman. But it was that clean. She wouldn't listen to me asking for something.

Her question would have been the conclusion of anyone who knew the answer in the first place.

"Living a long, long life without a headache, full and warm back."'

She burst out laughing funny at what I said.

It's a life far from royal life. But aren't you already living like that?

Do you think so?'

Never.

'I see, I'm leaving the palace. Fortunately, the royal family is small, but they have land, so do I. Although it's barren.'

Speaking calmly, I smiled.

You...

"If you're a king, you should have characteristics. What do you say, the only state-of-the-art city on the continent.'

It's a pretty random dream. I'd rather be the king of the Louns and change it.

"When you become a king, you can't play and eat comfortably.'

Did you think Youngjoo would be different?

'It's possible because I'm Youngjoo. I'll earn enough money to not care about it and have a hobby.'

It may be possible, but I do it until I can.

If there is a technical defect, it is all right to deal with it with something else.

This world is a world where science is slow to develop, but in other ways it is quite advanced.

Maybe there's a safer and greater place.

"I'm going to make my own city there.'

* * *

There was no more assault on the way back to the Loun Kingdom. No, it's safe to say that we can't afford to attack anymore.

At a time when even Shari, a woman who seemed to be close to Queen Linness, failed, who would be aiming for me?

I don't know if she knew the truth, but at least you'd notice that she's not in a situation to mess with me anymore.

"You've had a lot of trouble."

It was a short encouragement.

"I'm ashamed of myself."

"It's not your fault. It's just a matter of the Voltiz state, which proudly committed such brazen acts against the Union of Nations.

Varys, who bowed his head on one knee, remained silent.

Because of the Baltic, which turned into a monster, the current public opinion on the continent is overwhelmingly at a disadvantage to the country of Voltiz.

If you were a close brother or ally, you could actually find a way to help, but sadly, the Kingdom of Boltis did not get along very well with the Kingdom of Lounge.

It`s a good thing that we came back safely despite such a big event."

The expression of King Krianes, who spoke calmly, seemed full of fatigue.

"And..."

He looks at me with a vague ending.

I just didn't say anything at the curious look of love.

"I've heard of the scar."

"I have received God's attention, if not unduly."

"It's a slope."

The short mutter turned his head.

"Isn't that what the Queen thinks?"

"Yes... Sergeant... ..."

The expression that I lost my composure.

Her face was full of confusion and complexity. I expected to die without fail, but I didn't have enough time to come back alive, so I even got the scar.

Whoever I am, whoever holds the scar, is an important person.

If she starts attacking me openly, I'll give you a reason to intervene.

It was unintentional, but the protection of the kingdom was carried on its back.

Of course, I don't want any help.

"You don't seem to like the fact that I've been scarred."

She opened her fan and covered her mouth as she smiled and said.

Then he bent his eyes and smiled with his eyes.

My eyes are shaking. It's her.

"No way, child's prosperity is the mother's rise and fall."

"Then you'd be relieved."

I could see her clenching her teeth.

It looks like it's covered with a fan, but it's so obvious that I can't ignore it.

"He said he wasn't hurt."

"Yes, the Lord Priya has returned without a scratch, perhaps due to his stoop."

When he answered calmly, he turned his head satisfactorily.

"Duchy of Barieta."

"Yes, Your Majesty."

"We cannot afford to pass this on lightly, and we must also file a petition with the National Alliance to protest against the Voltiz country that caused the incident."

"Is there any possibility?"

He didn't show up like Queen Lynes, but he had a strange look of her face that she didn't like.

The guy who didn't like it got the scar from the castle, so he's in trouble.

"You must have been tired from the long trip, so go back and take your time off."

"I'll take it."

When I stood up with my head down calmly, Barris and Winley followed me around.

"Davie."

It was then.

Krianes, who had been silent, quietly called my name.

You're calling my son's name after a long time.

His voice popped out to his throat, but he didn't show it.

"Wait, will you stay?"

Realizing what he wanted, I lowered my head quietly, and everyone slowly got up and started to walk away.

There was Queen Linness, who looked at me and King Krianes uneasily or unwillingly in the office, but soon she bowed her head silently to her gaze and walked away.

a quiet private talk

It was a face-to-face meeting with him, who was ignored even if he asked for it right after he woke up.

"Davie."

"It's been almost half a year."

"......."

"You called me here because you woke me up."

He didn't say anything at my calm remark.

I could only see a helpless lion who had lost his spirit.

"Do you blame me?"

"There is no reason to lie. Yes, I resent it. I don't really have to tell you when."

A bitter sigh came out of his mouth at the bone-in words.

You thought I turned around because of a short-term problem.

"I'm glad you look healthy."

"You've been paying some attention."

"You knew."

"I have a good feeling."

He smiled bitterly at my words.

"As expected, Jim's prediction was correct."

"May I ask what you mean?"

There are no dull parents who don`t notice the change in their son. You're right to think that you've changed a little since you woke up from a coma."

Speaking calmly, he got up slowly.

Then he sat down at the table set by the servant and quietly recommended.

"Hold up the car."

"I'll say no to you'really."

"......."

His calm reply made him smile again.

"You don't call me a father."

"Your Majesty."

He was silent at my calm words.

"The word father is a word for father."

It's a profane remark, but he just kept smiling bitterly and didn't say anything.

"Should I call you Father?"

"No, how dare I ask for your father's help for you to have such a hard time."

I didn't say anything about it.

I think you know.

"He's been wanting to meet me."

"I've been thinking, so, I just wanted to ask you one question."

It was a different question this time. It was very instantaneous, but I felt like I was reminded of the past.

[Daddy! Please save my mother!]

The Queen's condition was not known.

It's not a disease! Like poison! ...]

[Stop it!]

Then he pushed me hard and asked me about my mother's story.

Four years later, when she turned nine and found out that Queen Linnes was behind the murder of her mother, she asked him again, and he answered.

Former Queen Lenny Alichead had a chronic disease. A chronic disease that cannot be cured by the power of a member of parliament or by the power of a new officer!]

That's still what you mean. The timing doesn't make sense! Do you think that makes sense?!]

[Davie! If you say that again, you can't forgive me!] Get away from me!]

"How did you feel when you abandoned my once-loved mother?"

His expression turned bitter at what I said.

"Davie."

"You chose your country over your mother. For the sake of national security, you let go of your mother's hand, who was poisoned, and you remarried your enemy for the sake of your country."

"Don't blame her too much, for all this is Jim's karma."

"Your Majesty, I'm not interested in your sosy romance anymore. It doesn't matter if Queen Linness was her mother's best friend or if her jealousy turned sour and this death occurred."

"Davie."

"I wanted to ask. Are you sure you didn't feel anything? My mother told me before she died that she wanted to see John. He vomited blood from the poison, but only found you."

"......."

He really didn't say anything while I was going on.

"That's how he went. He shed tears in front of my eyes and apologized, but he left like that's how he left."

"Be king."

Instead of my answer, he calmly said what he was trying to say.

"I was neither an outstanding king nor a caring father. Lack of knowledge, lack of power."

"......."

"But you will be different. You fix it. But not now. You're not ready yet. The world is not as green as you think. There are dangers everywhere, and there are people who are good enough to burn you to live."

"Is that so?"

"A king is not a place where you can do everything as you think, but you also have to make an incomprehensible choice because he is a king. So hold your breath and build up your strength. No one can resist what you're trying to do."

I laughed coldly at his words.