22 # 22

The Manreb hero is coming back!

The 22nd installment of the first volume.

"Brother..."

"It's all right. Good job."

"Kuluck! Bo, did you see that? I've made a marquee. Brother."

The man, who smiled and talked helplessly, showed his intention not to worry at all.

He is only 14 years old.

He had such a deep thought at such a young age that he was crying because he was sick.

I felt like I was stuck to the end of the ground.

Barris would have lost his life in this game if I hadn't put my hands on it.

No one else, but my brother, who was the only one on my side in the stark palace, almost died.

"Go in and rest."

"Ugh... ..."

"Valtian."

I sent Varys on a stretcher and went up to the chimney.

My dream is to eat and live as quietly as others.

It is a simple dream that I can have that I have not lived for a long time in my past life and present life.

Life in the corridor was not in a proper form.

That's why I couldn't stand out too badly.

No man can survive by turning everyone into an enemy.

Did you say that a square stone is right? Judging coolly, I have a range of variations that I cannot understand on average.

Considering the possibility alone, it is considered a risk factor.

If my enemies are full of enemies in the Loun Kingdom as they are now.

The knights rushed in my way as I approached him with cold flesh.

Baltic's bizarre appearance was not a human being but a monster itself.

The knights who drew the sword with the spread of the street did not let me get near him, of course.

"It's dangerous if you get closer. Please step back!"

He spoke sternly to me and looked at him, ignoring the knights who turned away.

I wondered what such a remark would do to a man who lost his reason.

It was annoying.

How should I deal with it?

Even if there is a war against the Boltz, should we pull out all of his limbs?

Or should we take a different approach?

I was thinking about it.

The still man began to move.

"Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk"

Blood began to flow from his red ophthalmology looking at me, and soon he attacked me.

"Stop it!"

"Don't let Prince Baltic approach you!"

His power to rush like that'sir.

"Oh, my God!"

It was powerful enough to not be enough to prevent quite a few talented knights.

Hurry up!

The man who cut off the knights who blocked me with a red sword attacked me.

"Orabani!!!"

cried Winnie, who followed me, screaming.

Everyone thought it was too late for his sudden behavior.

"Stay away."

A girl with blonde hair stormed onto the chimney, grabbed my shoulder and pulled it back, and swung a sword at the Baltic.

[Middle sword. Breaking mountains.]

The girl, who was only about mid-150 and held her own height, struck the sword at him as if she had let go of her first cold face.

Boom!!!

A great tremor reverberated and the magical stone floor shook and cracked.

It was nothing but a job.

A blow from the girl, who had been knocked down by an overwhelming weight, threw him down one knee and landed him on the ground.

"Knock! Kkak!"

This time, there must have been quite a blow, so he screamed loudly and screamed.

A girl who appeared with blue air all over her body, Ilina de Palan, called the princess of the sword, stared coldly at him with her shrinking pupils.

"Vampires..."

Like a vampire has some grudges.

With half the reason, she kicked him away.

She was so fast and intense that even the knights who spread the streets to counter his attack couldn't stop her.

Rather than stopping her, it would be more practical to help her and punish him, as she has the ability to overwhelm most of the articles here.

"Coward!""

She screamed and fought back, but the Ilyna, like a beast, pushed him back.

"Flower... the Empress has the upper hand! Join him and subdue him!"

As the monster, who could no longer be called a prince, began to run wild, the sober knights followed her and raised the sword.

Magicians who were in charge of the field quickly cast attack magic, and the congregation waiting for the wounded squeezed the sacred power and raised the momentum to pressure him.

No matter how hard I look at it, a man who has become a monster will not be able to run any further.

Everyone thought so.

"Suddenly."

If the man who was pushed to the other end of the smokestack didn't pull out a bizarre jewel near the heart.

Blood Police?

the sanctuary of vampires

My body moved first as if there was nothing more to think about what it was and what it was doing.

Unlike Barris, who was carried off the field on a stretcher, Winnie is here.

As soon as I hugged WINRI reflexively, the frightening red jewel pulled out of his heart emitted a huge light as soon as I could lift up my energy.

The light turned into mist as if it were alive, and soon devoured the surroundings as if it were encroaching upon them.

* * *

It didn't take much time for a huge blood-colored fog to cover the entire stadium.

As if volcanic ash were flying in from the volcano, all sides were filled with red fog as if they were overwritten.

There are only two things that shine in a place where you can't see anything.

Illina Hwangnyeo, who is sitting with light light from her body, and I, who surrounded WINRI and expressed a membrane with my will to block the mist's approach.

It meant that only three people were awake.

If there were Sodmasters, they might have stood still, but the Duchy of Felicity does not have Sodmasters.

So what about sodmasters in other countries?

Under the treaty, Sodmaster, which is nothing more than a human weapon under the agreement of the United Nations, only knights below the level of the Ilyna d'Illina d'Hwangnyeo could be counted high.

In the first place, Sodmasters were less likely to march on the continent, as there were not many Sodmasters on the continent.

"Kuluck, come... Bernie?"

WINRI, who coughed as if she was in pain even breathing, looked very tired as if she had not slept all night for several days.

"It's all right, Winley. Everything is fine."

"Come... Bernie."

She closed her eyes after being driven into a situation where I couldn't even judge for myself.

"Get some rest, you'll be all right after a good dream."

He spoke calmly, held her in his arms, and laid her carefully in one corner.

Then he stretched out his hand and frowned.

'Hurry up and move. If you're lazy, you'll mix it up with the commander's mana."

Whoooooooooooooooooooooh!

Screaming white light moved on my fingertips.

Three things that I have.

Manna, commander Mana, and divine power have their own characteristics.

Only those who have come to a certain point and communicate with Mana have a change.

It wasn't just a bad thing. Not only does it increase efficiency, but it also removes the rebound or draws more power than I have.

a master's reach and a much above him

But now my body is maintaining a slightly abnormal bellance.

My mana has been a little strange since long time ago.

In the case of the head coach Manna, he has the temperament to suit the word psycho.

Use me now! If you don't, I'll scream!

Don't command the energy with this kind of mindset.

Therefore, it has the fastest resilience and is also the most efficient.

Other than this, Manna was a strong force, in a sense, like a coy.

It's very rough, but when I express my will, it moves me in detail.

And the divine power that shows the worst dullness.

This divine power had a lazy disposition that never listened.

Even now, they are not moving easily unless they put such pressure on them.

If there is a special medium, it moves, but what is the difference between soothing a dog with food?

Class 4 divine magic. Gwanghwi's protection.

For the time being, the effects of this damn Bloodpolis won't reach her.

And they were not satisfied with it, and they continued to demonstrate the divine magic.

"Sigh..."

A large amount of divine power escaped, and a strong light surrounded Win-ri before a sigh of relief came out.

The expression on his face, which had been in great pain, soon began to look as if it had healed.

There are already countless people in the stadium, and all of them are in a state of debilitation under the influence of Bloodpolis, but there is no reason to care about them.

In the first place, it is impossible to make a crazy attempt to find one by one and cast a protective magic spellsincerely.

The only available level of divinity is the fourth level.

Grade 4 is not a low level since it usually goes up from grade 1 to grade 2 to grade 3. It is similar to the magic of four circles.

Watching the two guys without saying a word, I slowly got up.

Then he looked at the blonde girl gasping with a sword as a support.

Her blond hair, which was as bright as honey, was helplessly scattered and her face, beautiful enough to steal her gaze, was pale.

Nevertheless, it was surprising that the fundamental beauty remained the same.

You said completing a person's first impression, the face...

Dirty appearance and groundism.

"Sigh... Sigh..."

The only limit is the air flowing out of my body.

It's hard to expect the right amount of power from her anymore.

Of course, I didn't need her help.

She flinched loudly as she approached her without a word and put her hand on her back.

She was barely holding on with a half-broken sword, but as Manna slowly flowed in my hand, she began to breathe slowly and evenly.

"When you're okay, step back."

"Now... wait...! You?"

Only then did she realize my existence and looked up at me in surprise.

While gasping for breath, he looked as if he could not understand.

"You... uh, how are you all right?"

The blood-colored mist, which makes little distinction around it, debilitated everyone who inhaled it and knocked it down.

Of course, the same was true of knights with outstanding skills who expressed Manna in a certain way.

But I'm fine.

She's not a fool either, so she must have heard about me.

About the unfortunate prince who fell into a coma due to an accident and couldn't wake up for six years.

Of course, it must have been the first time she heard it here, but at least at the banquet the day before, she believed me to be a weak prince with no strength.

"Well."

"Kuluck! I don't know what happened, but step back. It's not something you can solve if you step forward."

"It's not going to work out if I step in?"

"Now it's not as lucky as the one at the banquet!"

She shouted urgently.

"They are the authorities of the noblemen of the night, the demons of the night that were left in ancient books, you've heard of vampires."

Every time I see it, I have hundreds and thousands of experiences of directly fighting vampires of a certain level of vampires.

Listening to what she was saying for a moment, she couldn't control her body, but forced her to lift the sword and block my way.