24 # 24

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the 24th installment of the first volume

'Cooperate with me. Just lend me your strength. I'll do the rest.'

You... what the hell...

[Detailed day]

[Super-critical Cramming]

Ugh!!

Realization is such a convenient system.

Muscular strength builds up in the body, but it is engraved in my soul to explore and realize something.

If I had already realized once, it would be a new change for me, but the manna, which had been hardened, is just returning to its original state.

Although the recovery has been quite slow in recent years, it was only because a large amount of manna was suddenly released rather than a lack of enlightenment.

The heavy sword, the sword of Hares, which is safe to say that it is the original version of the paeksan oppression I used, tore the air with enormous power.

The mana was a far short blow, but as if the new sword was not a new sword for nothing, a huge amount of divine power flowed out of his body to subsidize the lack of manas.

As the white flash passed through the air, red smoke was lifted for a moment, leaving a miserable sword.

"How long will you be hiding, stop coming out."

There was no answer to what I said.

But I definitely felt like something was coming together.

"I expected a vampire, but I didn't think he was a high-ranking vampire."

The black bats gathered together and slowly began to clump next to the torn air.

At the same time, black bats became a mass and created a human race.

"We've met before, haven't we? Lady."

In-young, who looked like a woman in my teasing voice, slowly opened her frighteningly cold red eyes, regaining her color.

* * *

One thing was certain when I thought back to the memory of a tribe called Vampire.

A race of pride that pierces through the atmosphere with its nose rising high up in the sky.

Those who call themselves aristocrats form the aristocracy by dividing classes between them.

Of course, it's true that he has that much power.

They were the only people who used blood magic.

Vampires instinctively had a strong grip on blood, like the dragon family's own ability as the saying goes...

Bloodpolis, or vampire sexualization, was also one of those forces.

"When my men were attacked by someone, I thought there was someone behind them, but I didn't think it was you."

It was a high-handed tone.

Looking down at me silently, she looked as if she wasn't even surprised.

"I'm a little good."

Of course, she only responded with remarks that hurt her pride.

"Will you please come down a little bit? My throat hurts because I keep looking up."

"Huh, how dare you..."

"And if you're floating in a dress like that, you can see your underwear. You're black as a person."

I wiped my smile off my face when I spoke.

"So, come down now."

Ugh!!

At the same time, another flash was drawn and the space where she was was torn.

Of course, the amount of mana I recovered is too small to go to the capacity to cut space.

What I cut off is this part of the red mist.

But it didn't matter.

The sword, Caldiras, is a sword with a great spirit.

Sadly, those infected by vampires or vampires belonging to the undead line had very vulnerable powers.

As my strike, which continued again, fell much stronger than before, she slowly stepped down to the other side of the smokestack, frowning.

"With this catastrophe, Queen Linness will never let go of the sins of taking care of me, Varys and Winnies. "Though relations with the Voltiz will be extremely bad, there will be no way for the Voltiz nation to go to war with the Louns."

"......."

He smiled at her, staring at me as if she had broken his pride.

"May I say that the thing that came out in front of me is that I'm confident I can kill myself? He's pretty smart, but oh no. It's closing time. Mr. Hogang."

"In a meaningful low tone..."

The cold-spoken woman opened her arms and blood droplets gathered in one hand.

At the same time, a red whip was held in her hand and she swung it relentlessly at me.

Whispering! Whoo!

Along with the sound of a tearful porous sound, the whip hit the ground of the floor completely smashed to the ground, which had been hardened by magical processing.

Gosh. You're so angry.

In addition, the part that had been whipped as if it were not the end turned red, and sharp thorns rushed in at a tremendous speed for my body.

Whoo!

Of course, I didn't intend to continue to be beaten, so when I swung the sword lightly, the thorns that were rushing in were cut off and scattered in unison.

"It's not what I expected, but I'm just a low-class person."

"Wasn't that a human being now?"

"Making fun of the same tongue!"

A strongly swung whip tore the air again. There's nothing special about being angry.

The most efficient way to attack vampires is by tongue.

Vampire Road? Strong, really dirty, strong. First of all, it's the strongest of a species. They were born crazy, and one of them was exceptional, succession ceremony and load. If you don't have a high elf, you won't die easily.

So how did you catch him? She made me mad with her tongue and beat me to the point where I was going crazy. Any creature's behavior is simplified if it's too hard. Especially, vampires have strong self-esteem, so there are many young people who vent their anger by themselves if they persist in pointing out their appearance or origin.

This is what a gentleman who said he was a sword god lying on a wooden platform because he became lazy.

Come to think of it, the Palan Empire seems to believe in the sword. I wondered what would happen if I knew who he was.

Argh! Argh!

The ensuing whip has been persistent at me, even causing a sonic boom.

Even if he gets hit properly, he can't stand it even if he keeps his body in shape.

In particular, the weapon called the whip was not easily blocked just because it was prevented.

A bloody prick of thorns has penetrated my retreat again.

It's also a limit to avoiding it. However, if he stepped back further, it would affect even the fallen humans.

"The only thing left for you is death."

She recited coldly after escaping my swinging sword.

"Even if you have the power of a new sword. The woman who took over the sword eventually collapsed, too."

The arrogant tone of the sword again, but the red blood droplets surrounding her body blocked the sword as if it were thrown away.

"Blood membrane..."

Vampires above the count! It's a young generation, but it's a pure lineage that can challenge Rod if it comes to bloodline.

Caldiras's words, which saw the blood film, quietly shook his head.

'I'll have to take care of it now.'

Is it possible?

'Then, is that impossible.'

Despite the enormous energy of the whip, which was digging around me as if it were finishing, he calmly lifted the sword and lightly twisted his body.

A red whip has hit me hard around me as if I missed it by a single sheet of paper with a rough porous sound.

It is not easy to avoid an anomalous attack, but once you learn how to avoid it, you will be able to strike back as much as you want.

Shari's expression stiffened momentarily as my attack, which I knew would hit, was missed by a subtle difference.

Then, without missing the short gap, he dug into the red thorns that he had been following, crushing them as if he were crushing them.

a very short gap

However, that alone was a good chance of attack.

The trajectory of the sword, which is too obvious to be efficient at all, but rather, the force applied was instilled more intensely.

What I was after was her, and the two giant gems in the air emitting this filth of red smoke.

"You took over the sword? What do you think you're mistaken about a girl who licks a watermelon?"

This... this sword?

Light bell-cutting, which has swung tens of thousands or hundreds of thousands of times in the name of training.

It was a little discolored to fit me, but it was exactly a stroke that matched the Mount Slices used by the Ilyna Empress for Baltic.

[Super-heavy splits]

However, the power was clearly different from what she showed.

"What?"

Alarmed by the sudden release of my energy, she opened her eyes and created the plasma again reflectively...

It's too late to stop it.

Squeeze!

"What?"

A huge, unassuming force in her hand created a huge flash of pure white, tearing the space apart into her body.

* * *

The aftermath of the huge blow was truly enormous.

It was because the smokestack, which had maintained a certain shape despite her attack, collapsed as if it were smashed with huge vibrations.

It has dozens of layers of protective magic to prevent it from breaking down after stacking strong magic-treated stone materials.

I thought it was really surprising to see the floor, which would be fine even if it was hit by a lot of bombing, became completely powdered after holding a weapon properly.

Hercules, a self-proclaimed survival king, said so.

What? Don't we need to fill it up with something better? Danger always comes unintentionally! Do you think you'll have a really good artifact or something then?

The lazy sword god Hares and the drunkard, Cheonma Dokgojun, had said so.

He's still immature.

Think simple, kkkk! You know what? Basically, a strong man should hold a sword. A weak man... Gosh! He's getting drunk. What did he say... Oh, yeah. How much stronger is it for a naked man to hold a sword? Gosh... where did I go?

That's what the wizard Odin said.

Then why would you learn magic? You just have to hold a staff of great magic and just swing it. By the way, he called me a cliffhanger and changed the subject?!

When did I?

Finally, Hippocrya, the God of God, gave me a smile, pinched my cheek.

You're asking me that question because you've already heard from the others, right? I can't give you any big advice because I'm not a skilled fighter. However, don't forget that you have to return what you borrowed at any time. There's a big difference between what you've built up and what's already piled up.

As a result, it was a corridor where each human group gathered, but everyone said the same thing.

Don't believe in items too much.

but

Once you get drunk on the synergy that his tempo brings, such words don't come out easily.

"Wow... that's amazing, this is why you're so quick."

I don't know what you're talking about. Back in my day! What?!

"Wow, that's his snout of course.

Caldiras, the new prosecutor, sounded very refreshed.

For thousands of years, he has been kept in an ancient state without a master.

He/she found the owner, but he/she couldn't realize the main body due to his/her lack of skills and was in the form of a brooch, so he/she seemed to be quite sick.

By the way. Who the hell are you? How do you get my power out of here? And how do you know about me? That's the same with swordsmanship! Just now, what you saw was his sword-throwing.

"That's true."

Besides, you've known me for a long time...

"Let's just go as we contracted. Do we need to dig up unnecessary facts?"

What's that......