25 # 25

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Book One, Epis

When I cut him off as if I had forced him to bury him, there was a confused feeling that I couldn't understand.

But that doesn't mean he'll believe me if I tell him that I'm your master's disciple!

On the contrary, it would be a relief if the road did not run wild, saying it would insult the deceased.

The existence of a corridor is more of a semantic secret. It was also an incredible story.

He looked at the huge red jewel, which had been torn apart in half.

The power of the Shingam was truly remarkable

It wasn't completely smashed, but that was enough.

Shari was a vampire of great power, but it didn't pose a threat.

She didn't even think I was going to lose.

Whether dead or alive, the conditions were not good enough for me to chase her now.

It will not be easy to pursue with the current strength.

What's more important than Shari, who seems to have fled, remains here now.

The source of this red mist is the vitality of all living things except the vampire inside it.

Once a fire is lit, it burns endlessly with only oxygen and combustion materials.

If it is later, there will be an irreversible disaster.

Bloodpolis... Oh, the air I haven't seen in a long time... it's disgusting.

An irritating murmur of the new sword was heard.

You know, this red fog, it won't get any bigger thanks to you destroying the nucleus, but if you leave it like this, it won't stop until everyone here dies.

"Yes."

Thanks to some weakness, you can use a wide-area cleanup magic of at least level 6 for a few months to release it, but it still does not save humans who have already lost their lives. And most people will die in it.

"That's true. Even worse, people who have been exposed for a long time will turn into infected people."

I'm sure the humans outside are hesitating about whether they're allowed to enter an unidentified fog. I don't know, but I'm sure it's already turned upside down around here.

As a self who has lived for a long time, he was quite quick to sense.

Man is a scaredy-cat.

"It's the same for all living things. The desire to survive is to develop species."

In that sense, you were really lucky. I think you're still young, but you're very strong as a master, aren't you? I think you're in a high position to influence Bloodpolis.

There was no laughing at what he said.

Is it just the master?

In terms of economy, we have reached the upper realm of sodmaster.

"Master... I'm not wrong, but I still need more time to pull out the oracle blade."

I'm strong not because I'm pushing forward as a pure mana like everyone else. It was thanks to the deformed doping created by my realization and Mana's proficiency, who had even been to the master and his superior.

Thanks to this, the transformation has completely gone awry.

What? What does that mean... Wait, what are you?

There was a muttering of the dismayed body, Caldiras.

He seemed to have finally noticed it.

It's... it's a monster! What are you?!

In a trembling voice, the muttering fellow screamed.

What's this ridiculous mana, and he's a head coach, and he's divine?!

Ego Sword Caldiras, who has an ego, has the power to look inside the grasp. The owner with a force in conjunction with the power of his somewhat typical of you have the ability to control.

Black silk was not the only physical reason for protecting its owner.

Excessive item washing will ruin the owner.

Why is there an item level limit in games?

It's nonsense, though.

Ignoring his astonishment, I frowned at Manna, who was awake but didn't move easily.

I think I'll have to give a little impetus to move, but I don't have many chances

I've never heard of three forces coexisting... ...you're really human, aren't you? It's not like you're a freak who just got out of play, is it?

"Unfortunately."

Speaking calmly, I grabbed him and walked slowly.

The heroes of the Corridor all told me that they were mad talent holders.

To be honest, I can't avoid feeling outstanding in terms of talent.

Otherwise, I wouldn't have accomplished so much.

No way... Manna and the Holy Father are conflicting forces! I don't know one, but if you have more than one... if you have so much of it, you can't burst your body, and you're going to blow up the surrounding area around you.

"There's a man here who breaks his common sense."

Is this possible?! Hey, you're crazy!!

"Crazy, don't sell new ways that have been made out of hundreds of years of research."

He spoke calmly and rammed him back into the ground.

Caldiras is a large sword with a direct design.

Because of that, the upside-down guy became a crucifix with a lot of divine power.

"Let's borrow it to the end. I can't handle it with my power to move now."

What does that mean?

"Let's sort this out."

I have no reason to sacrifice myself to save them, but if it helps my recovery, I will be willing to use it as a foundation.

"If it's a king, it will harden and it won't recover well, so I'll spray some lubricant. Free labor is a no-no.'

Whether it's mana or divine, the underlying energy has a tendency to increase as it is used.

So some wizards used mana until they were about to run out and used it to increase it by recovering it.

If it's meditation, or using this method, the speed will eventually slow down.

On the contrary, I already have a lot of energy, so the total volume increases just by stimulating me to move. And the greater the stimulation, the faster the recovery will be.

Without further explanation, I knelt down in front of him.

Then he closed his eyes like a priest who prayed with both hands together.

"Oh, this isn't my cup of tea."

kicking one's own tongue.

"The Lord Priyash, who looks at everything. Your lamb is wandering in the dark, so I can't see anything, so I want you to give me a flashlight. I'd like you to take care of it yourself, but I know you won't.

What, what kind of prayer?

Caldiras freaked out at my astonishing prayer.

At first glance, faith was not felt at all. On the contrary, it was a profane prayer to the point of doubt that he would be punished by God.

In fact, my source of divinity is a little heterogeneous thanks to the training results of daphne, a saint.

The source of my power is understanding and belief, not the faith that supports God.

Clearly, I was not loved by God, but by God's curiosity.

"The Lamb of the Lord is in pain, and your unfaithful Lamb is in love with the Tempe... ...and saving it... Oh, I don't know! I'm sure you're watching, but I'm just going to use it, so please let me go!"

The congregation does not know.

The fact that believers who are devout by mouth are not loved by God, but those who practice are receiving attention.

The truth is, what I'm trying to do is not possible with my divine ability to move.

However, it was enough to bring together all the sacred power of the sword, Caldiras, which is a huge mass of sacred power.

Again, this is the first sword called the Shingam.

He'd freak out if he realized my intentions.

It's possible to clean up the mist with a purification magic, but you can't solve the fact that it's already been sucked into life?

If you try to suppress it with strong power, you have to use stronger force.

It is the highest magic I have mastered and the highest miracle created by Daphne, a saint who had the greatest power of all time.

Rins! God will listen to that nonsense...

"You don't know much about God either."

The guy with no substance in my smile notices something strange and is silent.

Of course, the vampire maid did, but he's slow-witted.

"God likes crazy people. And that's a very crazy guy.'

[9th Eccentric Last Vocalization.]

[신의 성역(Saint Sanctuary)]

9th and 9th?! What, what are you doing? Stop me and kill me?!

"Thumbs up, they won't die. They won't die. Don't worry."

Hey... you crazy!!

Caldiras, who noticed what I was going to do, screamed, but it was too late.

Whooooooooooooooooh!

Despite the mysterious and bizarre prayer, a sense of warmth fell behind the back as if the prayer had been delivered.

It feels like I'm losing with a hot iron.

It is an unusual way of wounding, or trace, that can never be created in this world.

Since they are living beings, they cannot help but bear the stigma of the castle. By the way, isn't the scar a little big?

Is it a pervert who enjoys hurting the body of a believer?

The symptoms of vomiting, which was overwhelming, came, but all the divine power of madness without loosening hands was scattered everywhere.

Woooooooooooooooohoooong!!

Whooooooh!

At the same time, a huge mass of light spread over the stadium, and pure white feathers began to fly.

as if an angel were coming downfall

The warm white light, which was invisible to the eyes but not dazzling, began to devour the red fogs, and the color of the face began to change comfortably as light penetrated from the bodies of those whose vitality was being sucked out.

Chew! Chew! Chew!

And the red bloodstone, which had been sucking up people's vitality and spewing out red fog, finally broke into countless cracks and completely disappeared.

Boom!

A huge shock wave of divine power shook the whole area completely without a sound.

The only thing that could be seen beyond the slowly dispersing light was a piece of light that looked like a white feather.

"Oh... it stings."

Maybe it's because I used most of my power.

Caldiras shrieked and remained silent, forgetting to scream.

Of course, the ultra-high spiritual magic reaction didn't just go to him.

A great deal of fatigue began to come at the same time. Did I overdo it?

When I briefly called in the power of deliberation, the hardened divine power seemed to be torn off and causing enormous fatigue to my body.

"Sigh... Sigh..."

He took a short breath and shook his head in a blurred vision.

There's a little bit of a use for divinity, but Caldiras is a repository of living divinity, so that's fine.

Except for the hardened divine power, he breathed a sigh in the remaining amount of the divine power that completely disappeared.

The red mist that kept the Blood Police completely disappeared as I sat down helplessly, catching my breath and turning my eyes.

Those who were groaning in pain looked relaxed as if they had never done so.

It was then.

a squeaking sound

I began to see strange things in my eyes, both grotesque mechanical sounds and overcast by fatigue.

Name: Davy Olloun.

Age: 16

Gender: Other

Species: Human beings

Title: disciple of deranged heroes of the Corridor.

Abnormality in condition: State of dereliction of divine force

Specifics:

Half-crazy with no common sense (?)

Unable to change to a certain level.

possession of a scar

Merit grant, briefly check target status

"Hey, Fria, you're not crazy."

murmured annoyingly to himself.

What's this?