28 # 28

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the third installment of the second volume.

The power to grasp the opponent that appears to me.

It was clear of her strength. Even though the words that now dwell on me and change to some extent and fill the status window are not her, but the will of the Lord.

As a result, she became a gisaeng to me, and I became a relationship to borrow her power.

'Not bad.'

The power she lends is quite attractive.

When I stretched out my index finger without worrying for a long time, she smiled cutely and shook the fingertips of my index finger with both small hands.

At least you'll show more worlds than your current contractor, who is not capable enough to materialize Caldiras.

I could hear her words with a questionable expression on my face.

"You show the world?"

All I care about in this long life is looking at the world.

"And what do I get?"

Of course it's her ability. This is all I can do for you. However, as much as the will of the Lord is in it, it is not strange to have new abilities.

"What do you mean by new abilities?"

You said what you see is a status window, like the games you've seen in your previous life, maybe the concept of skill will follow.

"That's interesting. Anything else?

Sadly enough, I can't satisfy you like a circus right now.

"There's nothing in the world that can't be done."

Whoo... I hope you don't say that, even for a joke, she's not interested in a little boy's body for thousands of years.

She began to dissipate as if she had spoken in a playful.

Unintentionally, there has been an object that shares the only secret I have.

Call me whenever you need me. She'll sleep the rest of her life inside you. I don't know if I'll fall asleep because I'm confused with the inner thoughts of the people around me.

At the end of the sentence, she disappeared in silence.

Many things happened at once, so my head was very complicated.

* * *

the capital of the Duchy of Felisty

Originally supposed to be a continental sword competition, it was all destroyed by the monsterization of the Baltician de Voltiz the previous day.

an untimely attack

It was not a small scale, but a raid aimed at the entire stadium hosted by numerous national associations.

It was a huge attack that almost caused numerous casualties, so the continent could have been in chaos even if it was a little late, but it didn't just go so badly.

He would, too, but the problem was that I turned it upside down before it got bigger.

Of course, the one who saw me run wild is the sword Caldiras. And there was only Ilyna, the owner of the new sword and the princess of the sword, who could not be easily identified if she was still conscious.

However, to think so roughly, I think that even Ilyna does not have a proper memory.

"Right now, the gentlemen said they thought I had cleared up the situation based on only the scars found in me and the residual sanctity left on the field.'

It is a circumstantial conjecture.

Furthermore, after I heard that the new coffin, which checked my condition, was stunned to see the huge scar on my body.

How should we deal with it?

I can't hide what's been revealed now, and I didn't feel the need to.

The fact that God's traces have already been engraved on me would have spread everywhere.

What's all the fuss about the stigma?

Only three adult female or adult candidates have appeared in three to 400 years.

There are so few who have received the scar.

Of course, if they find such a person in Seongguk, it is such a precious trace that they can run with their eyes open.

It wasn't just a genetic feature, or a part that could be obtained by effort.

In the end, if you don't want attention, you can't avoid it.

Damn stigma.

Rather, being known as a sodmaster will have less repercussions.

For the limited number of sexual scars, devout congregations have a certain sense of fanatic obsession.

There are many people who hide their true intentions from each other and shout for a rash as if they were to give away the physiology of the aristocrats who protect each other.

Whoo-hoo, the scar must be a sign of God's love, but it's not a sign of obsession in her eyes...

'You don't have to remind me bitterly.'

I mumbled bitterly and wondered how to turn away this useless look.

As the problem is that the size of the scar is so large that it has destroyed existing common sense, there is only one way to solve this.

You... what are you thinking?

"All right, I've decided."

The decision itself was neat.

And what about the decisions made? We're doing it quickly!

"Barris! Winley!"

I called the two of them after making a decision during the tumultuous day.

"Did you call me, brother?"

As the weather got colder, the eyes of the shivering boys in front of the stove turned to this side at the same time.

"I don't want to bother you with talking about it. Isn't that right?"

"That's true, isn't it?"

"Honestly, I don't know why we stop the congregation from coming to see my brother when we didn't commit a crime."

"It doesn't matter what castle this is."

For a moment, the Holy Land... yes. More than half of this city, to be exact.

I've changed it artificially.

Most of them are being solved in the hands of the servant-in-law and the maidens, but those who did not seem to have cut them off and sent themselves and sent them back.

You lunatics.

Most of the new recruits, who were already saying they would meet me, seemed to have a bigger idea of seeing me with the greatest scar of all time than the end of this incident.

I grinned at the murmur of Varys.

"Let's pack! It's best to stand out when it's complicated."

There is no reason to stay and explain in the first place.

As long as people are alive.

Don't you think so?

There is no obligation to remain and explain the whole story, and if it stays like this, it will have to deal with all those obsessed new recruits.

Instead, it's not a good idea to just go there, but it would be a good idea to leave with just one tanker that will lead Egro.

* * *

Shaking.

I heard a shivering sound.

It's not because I feel like I can hear such a sound, but because a small teacup held at the tip of my hand shook the teacup constantly like a vibrating machine.

"Frozen?"

"Flaming..."... the dusk! What do you mean, it's splashed! How dare you say that!..."

"Please answer my question, Linda."

"Laughing."

She opened her eyes with eerie eyes.

"You're telling me you just jumped, right? Right? You made me misunderstand and you ran away with my brothers, right?"

"That... that. When a man went to ask for a visit from the Queen Mother, the accommodation was already empty..."

Her voice was low. But why is it so scary?

Her trembling golden hair even felt as if it were moving slowly with her will.

"At the moment of crisis, I woke up and took care of the enemy with a physical sword? Besides, you think the reason for the sexual scars is because of the hidden power of the Shingam?"

She stretched out without a single resistance and no such power was hidden in the new sword.

"Woman, I... ha?"

That's bullshit, that's ridiculous!

Baltic, who turned into a monster, exploded in a bizarre way, and the red woman was cut with an overwhelming sword!

Everyone else seems to believe it's true, but she knows it all by herself. He was making a weak impression and not being able to feel it, but he was a ridiculous human being.

He was either unconscious or in a state equivalent. It seemed to be here, but she saw it clearly. What he says, and what he shows.

"Linda, tell the Knights to get their tools."

"Hwangnyeo! Calm down!"

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Get him! Get him! I'm gonna pull your hair out!"

Do people know?

The essence of the Palan imperial empress, known for her antiquity and coldness, is that she actually has a waltzier temperament than Winnie.

Gasp.

"You've got the wrong person, Prince Davy, I'll eat everything in your head, so be prepared."

Her growling eyes flashed like a ferocious beast.

14. Night guest.

The way back to the Loun Kingdom was very quiet.

Although the new building is said to be obsessed with the scar of the castle, it was not an indistinguishable and wild colt.

The opportunity would have flown away before their eyes, so they would have blown away the opportunity to see the scar with their own eyes.

The excited and leading men were asleep leaning against each other on one side of the carriage, perhaps they had accumulated fatigue.

"Looking at you like this, you two are very close.'

That's definitely a good brother and sister.

Considering the reality of siblings I know, there aren't that many siblings who grumble with each other and take care of each other like that.

You have a lot of corners of your mouth.

"Let it go, it looks good.'

Persec, who was asleep, slowly settled on my lap, emitting light and sitting comfortably.

As she was a woman who existed but was not yet seen in other people's eyes, even if they woke up for no reason, she did not seem to be seen.

Actually, she thought you were quite interested in Caldiras.

'Hmm?'

Besides the owner of the modern sword, you are the only one who can materialize Caldiras, no, in the present state, is it right to say that you can only materialize Caldiras?

'Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.

Rather, you are the perfect owner of Caldiras.

She realized the meaning of her words and laughed herself.

Caldiras. Definitely an excellent sword. If you add a little to your own sacredness, it's hard to see an ergodic device with a large amount of sacred power enough to use the 9th-tier sexual magic.

but

'But it's not mine.'

I knew you'd take possession somehow.

'It's a tempting offer, but besides, Caldiras doesn't really fit me.'

It's a sword that doesn't fit you...

Technically speaking, I'm not the type to use the bayonet.

She turned her eyes out of the window, leaving her agonizingly silent. I have already appointed a sword.

I didn't get my hands yet, but I meant that I had a twin sword in my hand at Sert's request.

The production itself was produced at the same time as Caldiras.

The ingredients are the same.

However, there was a sword that was not able to show its true value due to lack of time.

In the basement of Saga, where I lived, I made a dungeon that no one could open until I learned my skills, and there are two children in it that I didn't finish before I died. If you find it, finish it with your own hands. After that, be the owner of the twin swords, declare that you are fierce and sell the horn to your own will.