20 # 20

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the first volume of twenty volumes

If there were any wounds, Amy would have hung onto the wound, saying that she needed to heal it.

But there was nothing to be said to be hurt, so Amy just gave us a curious look at the strange atmosphere of the three of us.

In this way, it feels like a nanny, not a maid.

It's not something to say to a girl younger than me, but Amy takes exceptional care of me.

Hook! Hook!

silent night

That happened at the banquet hall, but the Duchy of Felisty still maintained the festive mood.

It was not known in the first place, and even if the nobles fought such a petty fight, it is only a story of that far country for the people here.

"Will it be all right?"

Varys, who stopped while wielding a sword while reading without a word, carefully asked.

"What."

"Prince Baltic may seem so, but for now he is the most promising candidate for the crown prince of the Kingdom of Voltiz. I wonder if you're going to be vindictive about this."

"Tell him to do as he pleases."

When I calmly buried my eyes again in the book, he smiled dejectedly.

Then he put the sword down and flopped down.

"What about Winnie?"

"He must be worried or tired, he fell asleep a while ago."

"You're going to participate in the competition from tomorrow. I understand it's a first round match on the match."

"I couldn't sleep."

He closed his eyes quietly to see what kind of fire had set in his mind.

"It's weird, but he smashed it once. But I'm not satisfied with that."

"What then?

"Prince Baltic will destroy it with my own hands."

I'll smash it with my own hands.

The firm will was seen.

Varys's field is of the Expert intermediate.

Prince Voltiz, Baltic, who was with me, was the introduction.

In terms of the situation alone, Varys is actually superior, but if he is in the same field, whether he is an Expert or a Master, he cannot be guaranteed unless there is an outstanding difference.

That's why you're more concerned.

A wry smile came out.

I'd like to teach him the swordsmanship I've learned, but nothing has changed now that I'm letting him do it for a day.

"Don't worry, you'll do fine."

The man who was choosing Manna with his eyes closed at my words giggled.

"Of course. I'm someone's brother."

"He's got his tongue greased once."

"Hahaha!"

The wry smile soon wiped off his smile. He seemed to think seriously in his own way.

"Hmm..."

Maybe it's because of curiosity.

Sitting on a branch and watching Varys sitting on the garden floor, I immediately concentrated Manna on the eyeball.

Whoo...

At the same time, the rotating manas in Varys' body began to be visible, and soon the manna flow of the wide and evenly distributed mana began to be seen.

Clean up.

That's what I thought when I first saw his manna.

Honest and gentle.

It was not a bad flow either.

However, there was no feeling that there was a bit of a blockage.

'Let me help you out a little bit.

If this method is known, wouldn't it be a disaster?

It was another way of destroying the common sense of the basic method of training.

It is not for no reason that many large literary groups in Murim do their best to carry out a beehabitat.

There is nothing to take out, but I didn't mean to be stingy about my brother's work, not anyone else.

Besides, a vindictive man could do something useless to Barris.

"Barris."

"What?"

"I won't even give you a massage."

When I got off the branch calmly and approached the back of the sitting guy, he closed his eyes casually and waited for my touch.

A little, it'll hurt.

"Huh?! Tongue, brother?!"

"Well, I guess your muscles are a little tense."

"Come on, hold on!"

"It certainly seems to be firmly united."

He gritted his teeth and gasped as if he were massage his shoulders.

I wanted to struggle, but I could clearly see that I couldn't even resist the whole body.

"Huh?! Hahaha!"

"Hey, this is too much."

Why does it hurt all over my body when I kneel it down like a massage it's like a massage.

He probably thinks so.

I'm sorry, but it's not just a massage, you punk.

Manna, who stimulates the shoulders with her hands and spreads them, stimulates and shakes the manna so secretly that he does not notice, forcing her to be active.

It was obvious how much this difference would make a difference with a simple explanation.

I heard that the x-Korean massage is so amazing.

"Yola mulberry-dai!"

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

It's a long time to be flexible by carefully kneeling the mana that's in the body of a trembling man.

A satisfactory smile flowed out of the manna flow of the mana that turned quite satisfactorily.

Oh, I forgot my insurance.'

Ignoring the breath-seeking guy, he opened his right hand and drew Manna.

Then Manna began to shine in the form of a small and elaborate magic wand, following my will, and as soon as it was completed, I gave him a cool slap on the back.

"Huh?!"

"My body's like this, son. No training, go in and sleep."

When I gave him another beating on the back with a harsh retort, the scream rang out.

At the same time, he did not forget to check if the small golden magic pearl engraved on his back was fixed.

I wish I had nothing to use.

He seemed to look at me with a strangely discontented expression, but he wouldn't know.

How part of his musculature, which his body twisted under the pretext of a massage, is changing.

* * *

The day was bright and the continental sword competition began to be held formally.

The tradition itself is a fairly old competition, but it was also an important game in its own way, which has never been an accident.

The rift here will soon escalate into a conflict between countries.

War has not been eradicated on the continent, but it is also true that such a harmonious competition is curbing the war as much as possible.

After staying at the dorm under the pretext of not feeling well, I sat on the bed, condensing Manna with my fingertips, and repeatedly loosening it.

Varys' game will start in the afternoon, so all he sees now is the tricks of the young chicks who are known to be selfish.

"Manna has come in enough to expose the old blades, so why isn't she being replaced?"

I can't properly check my body while others are pushing me.

Obviously, I know my body is moving a lot differently from the normal trajectory, but it was too far from expected.

cystic dysplasia

The heroes of the Corridor had all spoken together and expressed it that way.

It's a self-evolution that changes itself when the body hits the limits of growth.

The only advantage of a man who has not gained spirit-friendly power, long life expectancy, strength and delicacy such as a Dwarf, and powerful mana like a horse tribe.

The only change allowed by embracing everything was transformation.

The normal dislocation changes when a person begins to have a force other than a manna that cannot be maintained.

So when the Expert reaches the Swordmaster, Manna, who has grown to the limit, gathers rapidly based on a certain realization and evolves on her own.

It is basic to maintain a strong muscular body, strong body, and youthful appearance, and life span also increases.

It is simply a huge reward for efforts.

Then how should I express it in my case?

Most of them are asleep.But I have already returned with a ridiculous amount of Manna in my body.

It's like a manna that needs to be piled up slowly is filled at once.

'It wasn't normal to go there in the first place when you were in a coma.'

There may be a reason why I'm flowing into the corridor that there are no consequences without cause, but that was not my current concern.

It's just that I'm comfortable, and it's all I need to live long.

My past or present life was too short, so I didn't have a little obsession with life.

The purpose of my life is to eat well and live well for a long time.

I don't want to stare at the guys who get in the way of it.

Although his status as a prince is safer than that of ordinary people in terms of safety, it was more dangerous in other words.

As I have no power, I have to protect myself.

However, there is no place to be in trouble because the transition is not taking place.

"You've changed well in the corridor."

He struggled to suppress his frustration.

'I'll just force him to change.'

If there were numerous articles looking forward to pioneering the field, he would have let out his chanting.

There are many ways, but I didn't know that they were all inefficient.

After much thought, my conclusion is withheld.

Retroflexion is a self-change process when direct loads are placed on the body or given an instrument.

No matter how many experiences I have, the domain of the human body and manna is unknown.

What if you try and try and fail?

It is like pushing an item with a 1 percent chance of success into a reinforcement machine by shouting, "I can fly!"

It was not worth considering if it was not a piece of data but a precious body.

"It's time for Prince Barris to start playing."

"Really?"

"If you're late, you'll miss the game..."

Long enough to train Manna without a word. Amy quietly peeked out her head and reported with an anxious look.

He looked worried that I would do something absurd again.

What did I do?

Even though she has done more than usual in front of her, isn't she quite irreverent?

"Amy."

"Yes, yes?"

"Let's go."

"Hot! Yes!"

She looked at me with an anxious face and bowed her head in surprise.

There's a lot to find out, but let's stick to reality now.

Didn't you learn enough from the corridor that you shouldn't be impatient?

Slowly, he walked away with the comfortable decorations of his activities.

* * *

The original stadium of the Duchy of Felisty was a truly beautiful one.

The age limit for those who can participate in the competition is 20 years of age or younger.

It's still a contest for young boys, but it was clear that it wasn't such a low-key game considering their talents.

All of them are talented sons representing the country.

In fact, it is not easy for average knights to enter the Expert even if they are recognized for their skills and become knights.

Most of them were extents when it came to the level of royal knights, but ordinary knights stopped short of dealing with Manna.

In that sense, Varys' talent was quite outstanding.

It heads to the special seats of aristocrats on top of the stadium's seats.

I think I could have accommodated more people without this special seat, but I didn't have a good personality enough to say, "That's not right!"

"Wow!!!"

People who were sweating in their hands with nervous faces cheered in unison.

A boy was seen taking a victory ceremony on the pitch.

"Oh, my brother!"

I have been delighted to see Winley, who was watching the glass outside and fightingly chewing on cookies.

"You're here? Are you all right?"

"Yes."

Even if I die, I can't say I couldn't go because my stomach hurts.

Damn intestinal activity!

If the government cannot solve the problem through transformation, it will have to use its divine power.

"What about Barris?"

"It'll start soon."