30 # 30

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the fifth installment in the second volume.

As expected, my father must not have completely forgotten my mother. But you've been holding on to the wound for too long.

You know why I don't destroy this damn kingdom and leave it alone.

He smiled inwardly thinking so.

"Your Majesty."

"......."

"It's too late. As long as you're not a fool, you know that the aristocracy, led by the Duke of Barieta, is strong. However, when people are in a hurry, they cut their own rope for their own lives."

"Davie..."

"They said that their children resemble their parents. Only, I'll be different. If it's the king and the father who abandons his family for the sake of his country, I'll be happy to take a different path."

He remained silent at my firm answer.

"You said king. The glorious place that so many people want to climb."

His eyes sank quietly at my words.

"Wipe and polish it and give it to Varys, and I don't have it."

* * *

You, you tend to be a little harsh.

'There was always a need to do this.'

Tzuyu, when you say you're not a family member, you're such a friendly guy.

When I returned to the palace, murmuring bitterly, I looked at Perserk.

If it were the power of her liver, you would have seen it.

"Whatever you see, it's true that the decision remains the same, right? And you can't see everything.'

So is he.

"Amy."

"Yeah! Degraded!"

She looked up, answering my call with an active face.

"I'll sleep, so don't let anyone in."

"Yes."

It may be questionable, but Amy did so except for the first time. I mean, I just followed him quietly, but I didn't question him.

Whether he believes in me or the Holy Spirit is submissive.

Where are you going?

"Rabbits have multiple ways to escape.'

That's true.

Did you say black moon? The Duke of Barieta would have kept a lot of information hidden in case my hands betrayed him.'

If you reveal all the information there, you can cut off the hands and feet of the aristocrats.

It'll be bloody.

'I told you, killing them all isn't a good thing. At least I'll be fair.'

That means... oh, dear.

She smiled when she realized what I meant.

"People cut my rope when they want to live.'

The Duke of Barieta will be strangled to death by his own hands.

Since I have evidence of collusion with vampires in the first place, it would not be a problem to destroy them immediately.

'Then let's go.'

With a light welcome magic, I projected myself sleeping on the bed and opened the window quietly.

[Invisibility]

5 Circle non-visible magic.

It is a magic that has been stopped in 4 circles and entered 5 circles as it grew.

I left the window without hesitation as I watched the body slowly assimilate with the surroundings.

* * *

Secret information guild a black moon

This was the information guild with the overwhelming power and size that should never be touched by numerous assassins in the Loun Kingdom, or information guilds.

Unlike other information guilds, the black moon is planted in many countries as well as the Loun Kingdom.

The guild leader of Information Guild wiggled his eyes at the report in front of him.

"Charlie's missing?"

"Yes, it disappeared without a trace."

"Before, a large number of Shari's assassins disappeared."

"Yes, according to the information, the attempt to assassinate Prince Davy, Prince Barris and Princess Winley failed."

After answering with a blank face, he closed his eyes, leaving his retreat behind.

Shari, who had been infiltrated as Queen Linnes's maid of honor, was an A-class informant.

On the surface.

Only she was a woman who was sent from the headquarters of the black moon.

Unidentified. Unidentified. I.D.

However, she was also a woman with a seductive beauty and an unidentified sense of incompatibility.

The Black Moon Guild can be called a huge guild.

The roots were so deep that even the guild field of the Loun Kingdom could not be measured.

Therefore, he had no way of knowing whether Shari was really A-level.

Even if he is a member of the headquarters disguised as an A-level official.

That's what happened to her?

Her skills he knew were A-level, but it wouldn't be strange to see her S-level at first glance.

Then she failed to assassinate and went missing.

To a weak prince known to have no power or power.

'It's not going to work. I'll incinerate everything except the information I need and get out of here.'

The choice had to be bold. If you feel a little strange, you have to fall out quickly to survive.

Thinking so, he quietly pressed the button under the desk.

It was to call the henchmen.

Click, click, click, click.

However, his eyes opened wide when he could not feel his presence even after pressing several times.

As soon as I press it, it appears in front of me and does not appear the unit that needs to be broken.

What this means.

The alarm went off at his instinct of having been a guild leader for a long time.

Damn it!'

"Stop moving, don't get up."

At the same time, I heard a quiet voice that I didn't know where it was coming from.

It was a soft beauty, but it was also a voice that felt terribly eerie.

"Huh?"

Bang!

As soon as he got up as soon as he finished speaking, he pulled out his sword.

A black figure crept up, deflected his arm, and crushed him down as if he were overpowering his desk.

"Well... it's human. You're not a vampire?"

The voice that mumbled to himself was the voice of the boy.

In your mid to late teens.

I felt like I was in adulthood now.

"It doesn't matter if you scream, but you can hang my wrist because no one is coming."

The boy, who weighed him down and whirled, stretched his finger out in the dark space. At the same time, the door that was tightly closed was chirp! It opened and there was a terrible blood flow through his nose.

'Oh, my God!

His eyes opened with astonishment.

The second most secretive place is the Black Moon, which is the sad guild is here.

It is a place where dozens of outstanding people are hiding because it is a gathering of the best assassins in the kingdom.

And not a single person died without noticing the intrusion?

If even one person had noticed, a report would have come to me.

But not now.

There was not a trace of resistance on their bodies, as if no one even knew how they died.

You're strong! If you go like this, you'll die without your hands!'

I thought I was going to die at the hands of the boy who had reflexively overpowered me.

It didn't matter where he came from.

It was just important that he was a talented man who could not be caught and killed in a public raid on the best information guild in the Loun Kingdom.

And a cold man without mercy in his hands.

Where did you get it? Luxor guild? Karsha Guild? Or was it from headquarters?"

Although he is the black moon guild leader of the Loun Kingdom, the headquarters of the black moon guild was also an incredible organization for him.

It is a place where secrets are strictly kept and dangerous.

Karsha Guild and Luxor Guild, which are competing as information guilds, are also great, but they were not strong enough to bring down the black moon overnight.

If so, is the headquarters trying to clean up the area?

He was silent, even though he thought of all kinds of things in his head.

"Do you want to live?"

In the black darkness, the red eyes bent horribly and strangely.

"Huh?"

"I'd like some information if you want to live."

The giggling laughter made me more goosebumps.

"...if you want to get information, you should have gone through due process..."

"It's not something I can just offer for money."

He clenched his teeth and thought calmly at the boy's words.

If you go against it, death will come.

Although he has excellent assassination skills, the boy is better than himself.

Then he should not be offended as much as he can.

"Eh... Go ahead. I'll give you the information you want."

"Really? Well, I'll take it because I'm giving it to you."

Damn it! You broke in first, you killed them all, and you said you were going to rob them!'

I thought so, but he didn't resist at all.

If you don't say a word, you'll die!

It was dominating his instincts. Suicide is the one who commits suicide when he's wrong?

As soon as I become a guild leader, my life becomes precious.

Bam!

Soon after, when the power of restraining his body disappeared for a moment, he took a deep breath and sank down.

It was a very rough and obtuse response, unlike the one where stealth and speed are life.

"Huh...Huh...Huh..."

"I don't want much. "The list of nobles who are the descendants of the Duke of Barieta, who are shaking the country, and the corruption books they have committed."

"What... what?"

"There must be some information that the Duke of Barieta has secretly gathered to seize their lives. And you're gonna keep it here, right?"

At the words, the guild leader quickly turned to identify the boy in front of his eyes.

"Sigh..."

But his actions were quickly stopped.

This is because the boy's hands were lightly stirred, and the gruesome flesh weighed on his whole body.

Master Assassin!

Realizing what the blackened flesh was, he gave a look of surprise.

Some teachers are extremely difficult to reach the master.

Basically, assassins are secret assassins.

It may be able to beat the master, but there are extremely few who break through their own enlightenment.

So it didn't take much time for the boy in front of him to realize how ridiculous he was.

Master Assassin is in a small country like this? That's outrageous!'

The prince who had been in a coma for six years. Common sense didn't make sense that the prince, who had been up less than half a year, had such skills.

The boy, or Davy, grinned at him as he was shivering.

"For reference, it's my specialty to find out lies, so let's not put bluffing on it. The choice is free."

The Guild leader trembled for a long time in his life without saying a word.

* * *

"Huh... here you are."

When I received the scroll that the shivering man put out, I immediately checked the contents of it and quietly put it in my arms.

"Wow... I gave you everything you wanted. Well, so please go away now."

"Um......."

His expression crumples nicely when he drools like he is agonizing.

What else are you trying to rip off?

That's the look.