32 # 32

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the seventh installment of the second volume

They seem to be sending me out of the palace with their own ideas, but they are already playing on my hands.

'I'm sorry, Your Majesty. I already have someone to replace me even if I leave.'

Now I'm just keeping an eye on the aristocracy.

As soon as he sees the gift I have prepared, this palace will be a pool of blood.

A noble man who values cause, he will not be able to put a stop to it easily.

Barris or Winley, who is more likely to be caught up, will soon return to the original local territory, so there was no fear of getting caught up.

"I accept your order."

"Yes, when should we leave?"

"You don't have to be long. I'll leave as soon as I'm ready."

The sooner the decision was made, the better.

It may be better to say that I will leave right away, but I also needed to be ready to go there.

Your wick is twisted. I'm sure a lot of people will die because of what you've done.

"It's better not to have a kingdom that will remain this way even after Barris becomes king. That's why we're going to reform them before that's'

I don't want to give my brother the dirty reality.

It's better if there's a situation where you can put your enemies away.

The battle will not bring down Queen Lynnes or the Duke of Barieta at once.

However, since the supplies are so certain, it is obvious that they will gradually lose strength.

Is that all?

Their relationship, which had been tightly bound, will collapse at once, and there will be a rift in no time.

What's the result?

Civil war

I didn't want to intervene in the complicated political arena.

If I'm here, there's a possibility that I'll get involved.

So, even if it wasn't Queen Linness's trick, she was thinking of leaving this place.

After that, I come forward when they choose an irreversible choice.

I will slay their throats myself.

"If that's the prince's will, I will. I have high expectations, so I hope you bring prosperity and prosperity to the kingdom this time again."

"I'll be very clear. Your Majesty."

Then I swallowed a light smile that flowed into my mind.

* * *

When I left Al-Hyeon-sil and returned to Prince I, I saw a neat wall welcoming me.

At first, it was almost half a haunted house, but this is enough for a dragon.

Although it's a place to leave now.

"Amy, go to the Treasury and the Land Department and get all the paperwork for the Hines estate."

"Information? What should I ask for?"

"Every single one of them. If I say I've sent it, they'll cut it for me."

The amount was so large that it might be difficult to grasp it all in a short period of time, but it didn't matter.

I'm confident in reading hundreds of documents and banging them in my head.

Know the enemy...

If you know me, you'll win every battle. It's quite an interesting phrase. Is it from your previous life?

'There's a similar passage here, right?

She was there when she lived.

Proverbs also make one wonder where they come from.

Persecreck, who was laughing as if he was having fun, was interested in whether the situation was just funny.

Don't you really like it?

"What?"

As Amy, who left after quietly lowering her head, disappeared, there was no need to talk with more will.

She flew up my leg when I asked her question.

Then he sat down and looked up with his legs folded outward.

She also likes hot things, but you have a lot of strength and skills.

"Hmm."

But he never crosses the line of arrogance he has set by himself. It's very interesting.

I can't understand her taste.

"Deal satisfaction? Is it something like that?"

Her life was a passive life, unlike this one, and she may be feeling vicarious satisfaction through you.

"I never thought I would be a specimen of vicarious satisfaction."

You can be proud of it, the former king is about to become your fan.

Laughing, she bent down.

Then he put his cheek on my thigh and closed his eyes as if he were sleeping.

I'm a little... sleepy.

I've found out since I became involved in symbiotic relationships, but she was the first woman to get along so well with the word "beauty" so well.

Instead of having an overwhelming beauty, she seems to be paying for a lot of sleep time.

In other words, he sleeps a lot and manages himself.

On the contrary?

I just became lazy when I got some free time.

It's like... it's a strange, bad idea.

You're such a good-natured woman.

It must have been because of her life that she has grasped so many people without even using the power of her acquaintance.

She's... she's going to sleep a little bit... don't move...

"My thighs are expensive."

Your... um... your legs are pretty hard and fluffy, so it's great to fall asleep.

She fell asleep at the end of the remark.

It didn't disappear like before, but I didn't want to wake it up for no reason.

"Ha! I brought what you said!"

It was then.

I thought it would take longer than I thought, but it wasn't.

"That's all?"

"Yes, this is all the information left on the territory, degradation."

"As expected, it's a remote part of the country..."

A laugh came out of the unexpected amount of information.

I wondered how many there would be, because I didn't expect it to be written like this.

"That's great."

As soon as I accepted the document and quickly rolled my eyes, there was an inexplicable sigh from my mouth.

"Cursed land? You managed to hold onto this land."

It was an unfeeling assessment.

* * *

a cursed land

barren wasteland

a dry land

dying soil

There are many ways to express it, but once I briefly evaluate the land of Heinz I'm going to go to, that's about it.

At first, I thought Queen Linnaeus made a move to block information about the land I was going to go to, but that was not the case.

The state of the estate was so devastating that it was not worth hiding.

"With the exception of 10 percent of the land, the land has dried up due to the drought."

Hmm...... the mine is absolutely devastating. However, this item needs to be investigated a little bit. Since there is no adjacent sea, it seems impossible to do seafood business or sea trade.

Ferserk, who had fallen asleep unaware of it, yawned and muttered.

Persec was a pretty smart demon.

She was the king of a species, and even if she was sealed, she lived for thousands of years.

I wouldn't be able to judge her by her insight.

"Since five years ago, the land couldn`t afford to pay taxes, so the government has been reducing taxes."

The policy of reducing taxes on poor lands was a bill pursued by my father, King Crianes, when he was young.

The reason was that even if the government imposed excessive taxes on land that was poor enough to not be able to afford to pay taxes, the only thing that would come back was confusion in the public sentiment.

That's exactly what the current Hines is like.

Until 10 years ago, the land still served as a land.

However, except for the significant transportation advantage currently located on the road to Sungkuk, there was no element that could be put forward.

"Maybe you'd better throw it in the middle of the desert."

I'm sure it's not that bad.

I'm sure there won't be any people who've headed bare ground. How much support can the kingdom provide?

"Looks like a small number of slaves and material resources are everything. I refused everything because I could get a count."

I don't think that'sir. I can't see the answer until I completely grasp the situation through a reexamination.

"What do you think we should do?"

You see here, the cursed item.

It was five years ago that no rain fell on the land.

Although nothing has been known yet, rumors say that the land was under an unidentified curse.

The original was said to have been the work of ethnic groups living in the forest, but frankly, the possibility was small.

Once the curse was limited to a severe drought, it would be possible to re-use a considerable amount of land if we let it down in time for obesity like before.

"Ji's already dead."

You underestimate your potential too much. Do you want to make soup for spirits or alchemy?

"Yes, thank you for your advice."

Persek was a pretty good horse and consultant.

She at least knows what I have.

I've learned a lot from the corridor, but I've never studied at least geography.

Surviving on my own and changing the world are different things.

She had quite extensive knowledge about things I didn't know.

There was that, but it was also a part of the fact that we could talk well.

Whatever it may be, it's hard to make arbitrary judgments unless you've been there. Well, even if it's not enough, I can lend you some foolish wisdom as long as it's a symbiotic relationship with her.

"The price is my leg?"

No bed is as comfortable as your legs, am I.

Laughing, she smiled cutely.

* * *

A few days have passed.

In the meantime, the classification of information that started with the heads facing each other has become so tight that there is nothing more to check.

While talking about the development of the land, he often stayed up all night with Persec, so he fell asleep as if he had fallen into a sleepless sleep.

Perhaps the reason is that the longer the actualization continues with the power of the body, the faster you get tired.

As soon as it dawned, the royal castle was crowded with processions leaving for the Hines estate.

The size of those leaving was not that big.

I, who will take office as a lord, and Amy, the exclusive maid of honor who will assist me, and some maidservants and maidens followed me.

Some of the other knights who will follow me for a while.

I'm a poor clapper.

You're so relaxed when you see me thinking uselessly.

'Hmm.'

I have neither knight nor aristocrat who swore allegiance.

Therefore, such a simple procession was a natural result.

Barris and Winley, hearing that I was leaving, immediately came to see me and bragged.

Maybe because they know what the Hines is like.

At any moment, the fellow who shouted, "I will go to your Majesty and petition you again!" was moved by my words to trust my brother, so he left.

Afterwards, Win-ri, who had been drawing tears with a handkerchief, hugged me and said quietly.

Brother, if you're having a hard time at all, please contact me. We'll go pick up my brother no matter what.

A 14-year-old kid is taking care of someone.

Still, he burst into tears as he said, "Thank you for their effort. I just patted his head."