35 # 35

The Manreb hero is coming back!

two volumes and ten episodes

* * *

a squeaking sound

Name: Monmeeder

Age: 42

Gender: Other

Species: Human beings

Title: Head of the Hines Reconnaissance Group, working-level representative.

Abnormal condition: extreme fatigue.

Specifics:

a skilled swordsman

a knight's

Current Psychology:

Confusion

Surprised.

distrustful of the demonstrators

Worried about Young Ji-min who was taken by Goblin.

Worrying about the growing dry land.

his cares and worries

Beginner education would only be learning to write, but he is the one who has led this insane land with experience and experience.

That's enough talent to be hired.

"There's a trail on the way, a sign of the Goblin breaking into the castle, isn't it?"

"F... you saw it right away."

"Why was the defense breached?"

Goblin has a large number, but even if it is weathered, it has a citadel. But it's pierced.

A calm question, not a rebuke, but somehow he felt very uncomfortable with me.

"I'm not criticizing you. From now on, based on your experiences and memories, I will solve each of the tasks of this territory one by one."

He looked surprised at what I said.

That is why those who are newly appointed to Yeongju place their loyal subjects in important positions.

Usually, there are cases like that, but it is common for such people to be vomited, saying that they are usually dangerous.

"Well... that's... ..because the vigilantes were exhausted and wounded by the continuous invasion..."

"What about the damage?"

"Thousands of houses were burned down... ...and many of them were kidnapped..."

I patted my chin at the angry murmur.

"What is the state of affairs on the grounds?"

For now, the important part was this part.

Without Goblin's attack, he would have cared more about this side than the reinforcement of the Self-Governing Province. Any land at stake should be carefully touched.

"It's... we've got enough food by this winter... but actually this year's crop is bad."

If you take the money from the royal family, you can barely survive for two years, even if you subtract all the money from the repairs to the walls, the renovation of the permanent residence, or the renovation of the facilities.

Ferserk, who quickly noticed what I was trying to identify, smiled.

I'm going to fall in love with you're going to fall for me. Just be my secretary.

No, I don't want her.

With a calm smile, she lay down on my thigh in the chair.

And then she's sleeping... ..and then she's sleeping.

There was a laugh at her behavior when she fell asleep.

"You'd better go in person."

I looked at Monmidor as I mumbled anxiously.

It's a look that doesn't trust me like its name.

I took a small pocket out of my arms and handed it over.

Suddenly, when I handed him a pocket of two or three fists, he hurriedly took it and opened his eyes wide under the heavy weight.

And once again, I was shocked by the content.

"Bae. Paekgeumhwa!""

a platinum coin

Each one is the highest denomination of about 50 gold coins. The amount was not large, but the size of the gold coin was much larger than ordinary gold coins.

"Let Lord Palis and Lord Holton escort him. You can take a vigilante with you if you want. Put my name on the top and get some food and supplies. That's enough to buy food and supplies for the time being."

It's possible because there are only about 200 Young Jimin.

"Well, that's... that's... that's... that's... that's not gonna happen."

Not only MONMIDER but also others who were here to assist me looked surprised. I wasn't the kind of person they knew who would have this big money.

"Don't ask me where I got it. It's the money I got right."

I saved it justly.

It's the money I've collected from the information guild by becoming a righteous thief.

There's no definition of theft in the first place.

'It's loud.'

He is good at answering when he is in bed.

Perhaps they later found out that they were robbed of money as well as information.

It's too late.

They looked disturbed at what I said, but they soon looked down as if they had cleared their doubts.

"If you do, God will follow him."

It was Bernil, who was the chief of the 1st royal palace.

The image is very similar to that of Vespers, who is the first king of the royal palace and the henchman of King Crianes.

"Yeah, it would be more certain if Colonel Bernil followed."

"We will be back in three days with the items you want."

The word brought me to my feet.

"Well, let's get this straight. The sooner the better. All the rest of the knights and vigilantes must convene except for the minimum number of people to protect the territory. Amy leads the maid and cleans the castle."

I'll clean up outside.

Those who had been staring blankly at me as if they would not listen to the counterargument for a long time soon followed me in surprise as if they had realized the situation.

* * *

a face full of distrust

With the exception of the minimum number of defense personnel, the number of territorial vigilantes was only 20.

It is also surprising that there are nearly 30 vigilantes in the land where most young people have left.

On top of that, eight rank-and-file knights who belong to a much stronger axis than ordinary people were attached, so it was a considerable amount of power against Goblin, but considering the level of vigilantes, it was close to suicide.

There are exactly 150 goblins to deal with.

The regular construction method is a sufficiently dangerous electric vehicle.

Well... you're trying to live too easily in the world, numbers always change. If you look at the status now, it's more than 200, not 150...

No, 150 are right.'

I'm going to block all additional goblins.

Perhaps he realized what I was saying, Persec, who had a sleepy look on his face, closed his mouth.

Sometimes I like you because you are hot.

"Thank you all for coming together. It's your first time, isn't it's your first time. My name is Davy Allan, and I'm the new lord."

I stood calmly on the platform and looked over them.

With the quick activation of information analysis, their information is listed, but no one seems to have hidden outstanding qualities like Monmeeder for the first time.

As you may already know, Young Ji-min was kidnapped in Goblin`s surprise attack the night before."

My words began to rattle everywhere.

Some of you might want to go and find them right away. Some of you might be scared and want to hide."

Silence continues.

"But whatever it is, it doesn't change the fact that the green dwarfs will continue to raid the territory."

Everyone was silent with a calm voice.

He looked full of distrust, but no one opened his mouth easily.

I've been giving them a lot of fresher in the first place.

Although I have just arrived here, I don`t think the fact that I am a lord will change."

"......."

"I don't know you, but I don't want to allow intruders into my territory. I'm not good enough to put a sword into this territory and keep the guys alive with the thought that their limbs can go back to normal."

Their faces were dimmed by what I said.

They must know. I want to visit them right away to get revenge and visit my family, but it's them who are in danger if they just chase them.

The forest where they hid is not easy to find them, but it is also their front yard."

Goblin said that dogs eat a lot in their own homes, but would goblins be so proud?

"Ha, but taking care of them with this man... ..."

"Killing yourself!"

Of course, I heard the distrustful cry of vigilante members toward me.

There was a young boy and an old man who looked dangerous to hold a sword.

The fact that the age group is not consistent means that you are short of hands.

"So. You want us to let them continue to invade."

They were silent about what I said.

Then they looked at each other's faces.

"You understand what he says... ...we are now the last vigilantes on this land... ...who will defend it if we die?"

"That's right! The Goblin are very hostile to their enemies! If we fail to attack, they will attack this place again!"

"I'm going to be in court, too. Don't worry."

Their faces were sighing at my words.

Some felt pathetic looking at me.

Of course, you think the inexperienced prince only believes in his own blood.

Needless to say, they can see the word "extreme distrust" in the status output window that comes to mind even if they don't speak.

Looking at each other, they now whispering that they are all dead, which is very realistic.

The knights immediately tried to act profanely, but they reached out and stopped him lightly.

"I fully understand your concerns, but I'll just correct one thing."

Their eyes, confused by what I said, were on me.

"I am not a prince but a lord of the Hines estate of Hines. And you guys are Mi-woo, Go-woo, and Young-Jimin. Now it is okay to say that we are a family. You think I'm gonna let that family die?"

My words filled the audience with silence.

"I swear on the holy grail. Trust me and follow me. I'm not going to kill a single person, and I'm going to root them out."

If you feel like it, you can go alone and wipe it off. It shouldn't have been.

What I want to see now is their determination or basic skills.

"Is it hard to believe me? Then believe me in the traces of God, the Holy Traces, which have been handed down to me. If you don't believe him, you may as well follow me as a tyrannical lord."

Everyone was silent about what I said. No matter how ignorant the outside news was, it seemed to me that I was the prince who revealed the scar at this point.

"I think my life is the most important thing. And you guys are important to protect me. You'd better not even think about dying without my permission!"

The overwhelming speculation is released, which momentarily shrinks the surrounding area.

People tend to mistake the air that weighs on their bodies for charisma.

Their faces were dumbfounded by my determined cry.

* * *

a nearby forest

The huge forest near the Hines estate was originally a quiet forest where only wild animals lived.

Originally, it was a forest that was visited by the people of the land who were hunting.

Although a few orcs have been discovered in the past, they are not very interested in humans, and it has been a long time since they were discovered.

However, what happened this time began to be discovered one by one, and the same thing happened now.

It means that hunting has become an impossibly dangerous forest.

"We already know what the Goblin guys are doing."

Corris, the oldest vigilante on behalf of the vigilante, said to me with his head down.

"There are a lot of Goblin on the front ridge."

As he said.

As I moved with the sound dead, I began to see a small village not far away.