31 # 31

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the sixth installment in the second volume.

Objectively, it's either helpful or unhelpful. If you're determined, it's better to organize everything.

'Do you like it?'

Try not to kill as much as much as possible.

Is that the sound of the devil's mouth?

Where on earth did the mah people say they like blood?

It was nothing new because she was a girl who shouted against the war in the first place.

"Well, that's good, that's good enough."

"Sigh..."

"I don't really like reckless killing."

His face was young as he stood up calmly speaking.

"Forget everything you saw today. And you'd better be dead silent about what's going to happen in the future. If you don't want to get involved and die."

He shook his head quietly at my words.

"That's enough."

Argh!

At the same time, when he lightly flicked his finger, he fell flat.

But you should know that later they might have a grudge against you.

'When did you tell me not to kill you?'

Still, your life is worth it.

I smiled at the silver-haired girl who looked smiling, and I put my hand in my arms.

"Sometimes there's something scarier than killing."

When I took out the documents inside and unfolded them again, the light and lighted words quickly appeared on the paper.

This is the secret information with the password on it.

It wouldn't be weird if I wrote magic artifacts. The information released under the authority of the guild leader was larger and more detailed than expected.

You're not the best guild in the kingdom for nothing.

But stopping here wasn't the only thing I didn't do.

As you said, the rabbit wouldn't have dug only one oyster.

There must be some missing information in the fake information. Maybe he hid it in the guild."

The biggest information guild in the kingdom of Loun was actually a black moon guild.

However, no matter how huge the information is, there is a danger.

If you put all the information in one place, it was more likely to be shackled.

The Duke of Barieta is not a fool, so he must have prepared a lot.

All I want is to push them to make irreversible choices on their own.

The information was fragmented, but there was also a story about the Duke of Barieta's move to claim the throne by using Kalus.

Come to think of it, this country.

The Kingdom of Loun has yet to select even the crown prince, the next king.

Will you fight for yourself?

"Why did you come forward in person? There's someone else who can relax."

I'll fight for you.

"No matter how powerful the aristocrats are, they have political enemies."

However, will they move as you wish?

"The hungry beast can't just walk past the meat. Among them, there's only one person who can fight without covering the fire."

And he will make the situation I want.

Speak calmly and put the visualization magic back on your body.

"Is tonight's concept a night guest? Let's infiltrate without being caught."

What if I get caught?

"Why would the word "sleeping action" come out? It's a perfect infiltration when the viewer disappears."

Whether it's assassination or infiltration...

With the most difficult black moon in the first place, why worry about nothing else?

Six remaining guilds. Let's move diligently."

As you wish.

15. Youngji? This wasteland?

"Your Majesty, Prince Davy's revelation of sexual scars is the pride and prosperity of the country. a great contribution to the work How about awarding a prize?"

"A prize."

"I've heard that Prince Davy has already been granted territory. I heard it's the Hines region."

"That's right."

Each royal family has its own territory. The standard was given to an adult royal family.

Of course, Davies, who reached adulthood, also had land granted by the state.

It was the territory of Hines, a province facing the Holy Kingdom, east of the kingdom.

However, while the land was very large, it was also a very barren land.

It is a waste to throw away and there are too few resources or specialties to develop.

It was, in a way, her trick to get this land down to Davy.

"Now that Prince Davy seems to be almost relieved, why don't we go down to the lands and develop my lands to help the kingdom."

Queen Linnaeus smiled sweetly and suggested. I didn't expect to succeed at once.

He was constantly straying from his intentions.

He lived a life that he wished he had died in a coma, and after waking up, he began to be seen.

I didn't like it.

The assassination failed not once but twice.

In addition, one of my best secret methods, Shari, has gone missing.

Someone is guarding him.

Is it a king or someone else?

To the extent expected, the Marquis of Paltris is also suspected, but he could not explain the situation without his direct movement.

She had mixed thoughts.

Eventually, the assassination could not hurt him, and the fact that he revealed the scar made it difficult to drive him into a madman and banish him as an abandoned prince.

There's one thing I can do now.

They are removed from the palace in a legitimate way.

Whether it was a political marriage or independence, there were many ways.

The decision was made because he was no longer able to care about him.

The day before, someone robbed the information guild that hid their money.

Seven information guilds in this country, not just one or two, were robbed by only one person overnight.

I didn't know who it was, but I cried out that I was the same person for a long time.

He had such a horrible life that he thought he had no means of winning.

Even if he used threats to threaten him, he replied, "I don't want to fight such a monster."

If the information you kept in the Information Guild could get into the aristocratic, politically famous Marquis, then......

The aftermath of this could have been shaken at once by the aristocrats, led by the Duke of Barieta, who had held firm.

That much, the opponent was a person who had to deal with it carefully, and information was such a valuable piece of information.

This means that the situation is so serious that even the insurgency, which was considered as the last resort, should be considered.

It was a suggestion made in that in mind.

I'm not in a position to pay attention to Davey right now, so I have to put the problem away for a while.

It is impossible to know whether King Criannes would tolerate it, but the stabber had to be seen.

He smiled sweetly at him as if he were searching for him.

"I see, it's not good for education that an adult prince, not even a prince, continues to stay in the royal palace."

Queen Linness looked surprised at his calm reply.

All at once?

She opened her eyes wide at his unexpected decision.

What the hell is he thinking?'

All the strategies he has put forward to tighten his breath have been blocked from his hands.

And you're so willing to say yes?

I couldn't understand, just not bad.

If we can get rid of him, we'll solve the problem we need to worry about right away.

It would be a tremendous boost to him if the Hines land developed, but she was convinced it would never be.

It would not be strange to call the land of Hines literally cursed.

"Since I'm talking about it, I'll be ready, General!"

"Yes, Your Majesty."

"Call Davey."

Looking at him speaking boldly, Queen Linness looked like she didn't know whether to smile or frown.

* * *

"Lord Prince, Your Majesty is looking for you."

"Your Majesty?"

"Yes, please change your clothes quickly and enter your palace."

"Well... I see."

As soon as I woke up refreshed, I squinted at the words of Vespers, who came to see me.

For what?

Suddenly, when I got up from my seat, I saw Persec, lying in bed and asleep.

'Get up.'

Um... ..she's gonna sleep a little bit more...

She mumbled and rolled up sheets that were dozens of times bigger than my body.

It looked like a poltergeist phenomenon in which the sheet moves alone because it is invisible to others, but the substance exists.

'I'll put you to sleep later, so get up.'

Of course, I didn't mean to accept the grumpy devil's complaint.

You have neither blood nor tears, and you have hardly slept well because of you. Sleep guarantees should be made clear.

"What's the age difference? Let's not get people wrong when they hear it."'

Uh-huh... your lip service is a mess.

Slowly rising with a tear, she clung to my head with a yawn.

"I'll help you change. Degradation."

"Please."

Amy was laughing at my words to see if she was in a good.

* * *

I expected it.

He must have recognized that the existence of the country is like a strange bomb, so he decided that he could not keep it here anymore.

"Go, and reclaim the territory of Hines, which has been granted, and make your presence even more glorious."

He talks like a father who gives his son trials and grows up.

But I've already noticed that the meaning behind it is different because of Persek's babbling.

Hooray... ...he's afraid his son's going too far, and he's going to take him somewhere else.

'Don't remind me.'

Didn't you notice anyway?

Perserk shrugged interestingly.

Your father doesn't seem to believe your abilities completely yet.

"If I hadn't done this, I would have gone out on my feet. I'm done with what I have to do here. There's no point in being there.'

No mines have been found, and farmland reclamation is not easy because of the wasteland. Monsters' habitats are not far away.

In addition, there were no specialties, so it was not strange to say that the village was literally built on abandoned land.

If it is the only advantage, is it possible to become a transportation hub if the road is paved well?

Oh, there's another thing.

The estate of Baron Alischard, my mother's home, was right there.

Now, there is not a single Baron Alischard left, so he is a low-class aristocrat who has been quietly dismantled.

My mother's parents, my grandfather and my grandmother, have already passed away.

There was a brother of his mother, the only child he had, but his whereabouts are unknown.

I thought my expression would be frowned, but when I was unexpectedly calm, I was a little doubtful in the eyes of King Criannez.

Queen Lynes, King Krianesna.