34 # 34

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the ninth installment of the second volume.

* * *

The land of Hines was a very large piece of land.

As such, it is impossible to surround everyone with walls, so only some areas, including Yeongju Castle, are surrounded by narrow resistance and the rest are maintained on a wide plain.

"A great place to livelihood."

The management itself is a mess.

Is it because it was an old and outdated land? There were some places where the walls that surrounded the inner land were half-polished, making it impossible to recognize its shape, and some places had grassy growth.

The gate, which was supposed to be tightly closed, had already disappeared due to weathering, and was being blocked on behalf of the gate with a poor purpose.

It's a relief that there are some guards.

It`s a neighboring area of the great forest where monsters appear, and we wouldn`t have been able to hold out without vigilance."

"Stop it! This is the land of Hines! Please show me your ID!"

"Prince Davy, who is now in the territory of Hines! I'll open the way!"

The old gentleman, who was driving the horse before anyone could take the lead, shouted sternly.

They seemed to have quickly noticed that it was not a rare procession, as they would have seen it.

"Well... wait a minute. Dear vigilante..."

"Oh! You're going to keep me waiting for the prince to fall!"

"No, you have to go through the procedure. I'm not officially delegated the authority of the estate yet."

It is true that the authority of the territory is delegated according to the king's order, but when the lord is absent, the vicarious land manager is entrusted with the authority.

It is a system in which a noble who has since become a lord is taken over by a manager and becomes a complete lord.

"Down."

"Let's not be tough, we're all family now."

As I got out of the carriage, he nodded quietly as I spoke.

"No... Please forgive my rudeness. Degradation."

"Wow... I see the little sun of the kingdom."

I don't know my face, but is it basically because of my running cutie?

The guards lay flat on their stomachs as they realized that I was the lord of the old gentleman and the prince of this country.

"Wake up. What are you going to do with the vigilantes lying down?"

Two guards looked dazed at what I said.

"What?"

"The boundaries themselves are great. What's wrong with my last name?"

When asked calmly, they looked at their senses.

It was then.

A middle-aged man in light gloves began to rush in from the wall.

"Come on... vigilante!"

"Uh... Welcome. Degradation! First of all, I'm late to welcome you! Kill me!"

His eyes narrowed to the sight of him shaking and lying flat on his face down.

Now I see strange traces.

a monster raid

It was a sign that there was a monster attack in the last day.

No wonder the atmosphere was chaotic.

"When did the person who sent the message first arrive?"

"This... two days ago."

"What about the monster's attack?"

"Huh, hoo, hoo! Well, how did you... ..."

I grinned at the way he looked at me in surprise.

"Just looking at the traces of blood, there's been a recent attack. If it was an emergency, I made a good decision."

"I... I... I... I... I... I... I...

"What's the point of all this cliché? Let's go in first. I'll go in and listen to the details."

He looked up at me with surprise at my words.

"Also, tell him to come with the deputy land manager in charge of the internal affairs."

He, who was terrified, sighed with relief and bowed his head flat.

* * *

When Hercules taught me the art of survival, the first thing he taught me was observation.

I didn't know from a distance, but I could see blood stains on the walls, and some of the chariots that couldn't be recovered in time.

There were no bodies, but blood remains thick.

The smell of blood cloves and traces of fighting that others could not smell is very faint.

How did you smell it?

Even if I did not change my mind, would I not be able to increase my sense of being a master-level body after the advent of the realm of God?

The fact that I have noticed the traces of the battle is surprising to me, and the eyes around me are glaring.

What's wrong with you? You can do this if you just support me.

Sometimes you seem to forget how ridiculous your talents are. It's common sense that it's bad luck. It's usually a clue that a person who lacks talent at that level will miss it......

So did I tell you?'

She feels it even if she doesn't listen. I wonder if it's okay to give him a punch.

"Honey, I'm Monmieder, who was in charge of the territorial sovereignty as the head of the vigilante group in the absence of the lord."

"What about the territory manager?"

"That... that..."

He hesitated, but bowed his head again.

"Bo, it was originally someone else's responsibility, but after the raid... this twin is in charge of it."

I was paying attention to both the internal affairs and the vigilante. He doesn't seem very greedy, but he's a man of great talent.

I'm sure it'll help if you hire someone like him.

"It's trustworthy if you're able to keep the land alive after almost five years of almost dying.'

He rolled his eyes about with an anxious face as I sat silent.

I was frightened. I was worried that the land was in bad shape, or that the worn-out lord might be in bad shape, so I would be violent.

On the contrary, a servile and confident view remained.

"You've done a great job."

As I entered this place, I saw the broken houses and commoners.

Clearly, they did not seem to appreciate the sudden presence of the new lord.

In a way, it was a natural result.

According to the current state of the Loun Kingdom, it is close to everyday life for nobles to rob commoners.

I didn't even know he was scared.

I can't be so scared already.

I thought so and looked at the middle-aged man named Monmeeder.

"You need to be able to read if you want to manage your territory."

"Even though I'm a humble person, I learned a little bit over my shoulder."

It's a man-made disaster.

I had such an appreciation.

"This...... now that you have come......"

"Keep working."

"Yeah, yeah?"

"Did you say vigilante? Promote to the rank of a full-time lieutenant and organize an organization. The training will be helped by Sir Berman, a former captain of the Guard here."

"I will follow your orders."

"You mean me?""

He looked up at me with a frightened face.

Then who's going to do it? As long as your skills improve, I'll hire you as an engineer and give you your title. I have that much authority."

His question was greeted with a flick of the ear.

"Ha, Haonah, these two boys are from heaven..."

We hire if we have the ability. That's my warning."

His face was surprised by what I said.

* * *

There was an assault on Goblin.

About 100 are in number. Their size is as small as a child's brain, so their intelligence is weak and their physique is small, so their strength is only as strong as a child.

Their only advantage is their terrible reproductive ability to reproduce.

The number of people who breed regardless of race is at a level that does not easily decrease.

Perhaps that's why the land where goblin usually appears is quite troublesome.

They're nocturnal monsters and they can't even communicate.

Originally, they were famous for hiding in the mountains and taking away livestock, children, or maidens, but this was the first time they had been massed.

If it is this size, it would not be strange to be punished by the Orcs, who call themselves "lack of warriors" who live in the same forest.

As the extent of the land's devastation spread to the forest, the frequency of their attacks began to increase.

The elders of the estate said that this was because the land was cursed, but Mon Mider could not be trusted very easily.

Meanwhile, an official came down from the royal family.

The official of the royal palace, who was in charge of the vigilance group and the situation of the territory, said in a haughty voice that the first prince of the kingdom would now be appointed here and left.

It's as if you don't want to see the background of this wallpaper. Monmidor was a commoner on the axis of extreme distrust of the aristocracy.

After learning and learning from his father, he hated all aristocrats except for Baron Alischard, who managed the land in the past.

They were arrogant and wanted to be on their heads.

In that situation, a prince? What would a prince of a bloody kingdom say more?

I thought so. It's a good thing you don't get angry and hit your neck when you see Young-ji right now.

I was scared, but I didn't want to be servile. What was more problematic was that I couldn't see such a man sit up and swing freely in his precarious hometown.

Meanwhile, another attack by the Goblin continued.

This time it was a nearly 150-strong raid.

There is no way to know where this number of heads grows, but it was the same number as all the Goblin near the Hines estate gathered together.

No matter how bravely trained vigilantes fight, they are bound to get tired of the ongoing fight.

In fact, some Young Ji-min were taken away by the fleeing people.

an obvious defeat

He was plundered.

The depressed people seemed disappointed that there was no state support to protect them.

Ten years have already passed since the kingdom's support was cut off. The original Baron Alischard and his mistress passed away a long time ago.

At that time, he came.

It looked like a little boy who hadn't lived half as long as I did.

Although the kingdom's law states that people will become adults after the age of 16, most of them were 20 years old and older.

In the end, he said, "Sae-blue is a green song."

Young aristocrats have strong self-esteem.

Furthermore, it was clear that a prince who only grew up in the royal palace would lack experience.

I've already felt dizzy how much I'll be asked to clean myself up with this incident.

by the way

He complimented them the previous day for finding traces of their fighting and for their hard work.

I thought it was a lie, but his face was very calm.

It's as if I'm doing something natural.

He looked up at him with a blank face, but he praised the vigilante for his actions.

eyes and speech that seem to have noticed everything curiously

Strangely, it was rejected by his instinct to tell lies in front of him.

Despite the difficult journey, he immediately called a working-level official to check the status of the land, so he confessed the whole truth.

Then after hearing all my stories, he stood up and said casually.

"Let's clean Goblin first before you curse him, which is being made of wasteland."

Despite being told that there were hundreds of goblin, he spoke lightly as if he were trying to shake off the dust accumulated in the house.