33 # 33

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the eighth installment of the second volume.

Even though they wanted to follow them, they seemed to be upset because they had to return to their original location soon.

This is how the palace leaves.

She won't be leaving forever anyway, but I'm already looking forward to it.

How miserable is it?'

Sitting on my thigh like a horse riding on my will, she turned her head and smiled.

Isn't it funny, I wonder what you're going to do.

I can't bear to expect too much.

"Down."

I was quietly preparing to leave the palace.

When she raised her head to an unexpected voice, an old old man walked slowly in under Amy's guidance.

He is about 70 years old.

However, unlike his age, which is very old by the standards of this continent, Pungchae was a strong man who gave him tremendous pressure.

"God Paltress, I see the little sun of the kingdom."

"Wake up, Marquis Paltris."

Normally, he would be discharged, but he wasn't like that's what he was.

Only three Swordmasters exist in the Kingdom of Loun, and among them, he has the best skills and experience.

Not only the Knights of the Loun Kingdom but also the numerous knights on the continent were the true knights who expressed respect for their names.

It wasn't just that.

He was also the most important person to destroy the aristocracy I chose.

Sodmaster is a kind of strategic weapon.

Although he did not have a large number of troops, he became a great pillar of the country by his own force alone, and he had a great position just by his forces and the power of his historic family.

Usually he has kept the aristocracy in check, calling for neutrality, but he will not be able to be neutralize.

A few days after robbing all the information guilds. When I infiltrated his bedroom, I left all the information the aristocrats wanted to hide.

If he is immensely loyal to his broad-minded sincerity, he will begin to check the aristocracy extensively as soon as he knows the authenticity of the information.

"I heard you were leaving."

"That's what happened. As long as you're not the crown prince, all the royal family members should leave the palace."

"In the future, you may become the crown prince."

"That's back then."

When he smiled, he changed his monocle and smiled vainly.

"You've grown a lot. You must have been very proud if you had seen the Queen's decline."

"To my mother, I'm just a bad son."

His calm words shook his head.

"If you say so, this old lady, who couldn't keep her low, should have died with her tongue in her mouth."

He smiled at his words.

Unlike his father, who gave up everything after his mother's death, he secretly sought his mother's stories and collected evidence.

In fact, I found out after I infiltrated his house, but I could not help but feel grateful to that much.

So please take good care of me. Shake up all the aristocrats who eat the country.'

When he saw him without speaking, he just looked at me as if he were looking at his grandson.

'I'll play the last one.'

Let me show you the dignity of a former pro-maktachung.

"If you have any trouble, please contact God. I'll help you as much as I can."

"If the Marquis, who claims to be neutral, looks after me, the aristocracy will go crazy. You don't want this little nephew to die."

He chuckled when I said it in a playful way.

"Huh, if you don't, this sinful old man's life and oath will be false."

He told him to write, as if to whip up the guilt he had been relieved of.

"I'm going to turn it into a place where people live. It's not hard."

"Down."

"So the Marquis, please do my job."

"......."

He smiled at the silent man without saying a word.

"You'll be very busy now."

He was silent for a long time, as if he didn't understand me.

* * *

He flew to neighboring lands with Mana Gate and ran down the day. The Hines estate is still quite close to the capital, so it would have taken days and days more if it were elsewhere.

I thought only your enemies were in the palace, but that's not true.

When did he wake up?

Persecreck floated lightly before my eyes as I was reading on a carriage bound for the Hines estate.

She, dressed as an open-minded woman, giggled down at me from a close height enough to show her underwear at the slightest mistake.

There is such a great power.

"The Marquis of the Palace was my mother's story. It's only recently that I got involved with him, so I don't really know."

But you passed that information well.

"At least I'm sure he's a loyalist who's just around the corner."

She gave a slight stir in my words, with a whiff of her hands.

Then the windows of the carriage opened smoothly, and the dry, twisted ground began to be seen.

It feels like something is blocking the atmosphere here.

"Yeah, I've been feeling it."

The land of Hines is very large in itself.

Nevertheless, the reason why the land became abandoned was the fact that more than 90% of the land was drought-stricken like a cursed land.

There's no way to know who it is yet, but if you continue a little longer, everything will become a desert.

Few inland areas are as barren as this.

It's the only land in the Loun Kingdom that is experiencing a drought.

The wasteland, which was seen outside the window, was originally an agricultural land, but it seemed to be split as the drought continued due to the strange power of curses.

It is fortunate that the government has hired a wizard and sprayed water several times, otherwise this situation would not have been maintained.

Besides, hiring a sorcerer to spray a large amount of land with a small amount of money won't solve it.

" reduction, With you rest somewhere around here tonight and you will need to go."

He nodded quietly at Perum's words.

"There is no private house nearby. Prepare a proper camp."

"Okay. Degraded."

Then, seeing the busy servants, the maidens, and the guards, I escaped from the carriage with Amy.

Dry air. Sand wind.

I walked slowly, looking at a piece of land that looked like a desert even though it was not a desert.

It is a large plain, but there is no land to use.

When I got out of the carriage and out of the only paved road, I saw dry and twisted land everywhere.

As I was looking at them, I reached out without a word and skimmed through the cracked ground.

Then he closed his eyes, opened slowly, and muttered.

Check the information.

Persec's ability to penetrate is a unique power with the will of God.

The target is not limited to living creatures.

Beep!

As soon as the mechanical sound came out of the air, there was a faint light in the eyes.

At the same time, a strange translucent status window began to appear in the air where nothing was visible.

Provincial: Order of Hines.

Status: Least

Specifics:

Long droughts and strange forces have destroyed the earth and dried up.

Expression of the curse (?) system. Energy consumption, climate control.

It looks like Haeju (?) is possible.

Was it a curse?

"I'll have to clean it up. Why do you like question marks so much on the display of the Lord's status?"

I felt strange.

16. The lord is cleaning up.

If you look at it from her, there's no answer.

"No, it's your ability for now."

Her ability is just to show. You wouldn't know that the content is not her, but the will of the Lord with that cheap taste.

As he was also from the devil, he has no faith in God.

Is that why you don't like it?

"Well... I'm not in a position to say that, but I can't deny that I'm a god with a unique taste."

By the way, it's a curse, not a curse as if it's a curse.

Ignoring Persec's playful words, he quietly swept the ground with his hands.

This is the reality of most of the present land of Hines.

Except for about 10 percent of the land, all the land is in the same state as it is now in front of us.

"Cursions that cover the entire territory..."

I'm saying this because I think you'll be mistaken, but there's a spreading curse in the curse system, a vicious curse that starts with a small medium and spreads endlessly.

"I didn't know there would be remnants of black magic here."

Apparently one of the Young Ji-min touched the medium.

Literally, one of the Young Ji-min touched the unexploded bomb.

Lord Hines has gone through a terrible thing.

[정화(Purification)]

Without a word, he put his hand on the ground and raised his divine power.

It was a purification magic that brought him up to the third level.

Scallions!!

Of course, it may be possible to do it according to the status window, but it seemed certain that the difficulty level was not easy.

"Look at this?"

An interesting smile caught my mouth.

Although I used the purification magic without any meaning, it was just not absorbed, so the strong resistance was like my divine magic.

Top 5 System [Purification]

The characteristic of purification magic, which boasts an axis of divine magic, is that it can be used first-class priests. And depending on the individual's capabilities, it can raise its influence to the eighth-highest level.

If it doesn't work as a standard third-class purification magic, we have to raise it a few steps.

Kwachang!!

Once again, I can hear something breaking down coolly.

This time again, it was a magic trick, but the result was a little different.

Push it. . . . .

Colorless and odorless smoke began to slowly flow out of the area where my hands touched.

For a moment, the curse seemed to be scattered and then recovered.

Long-lasting curses are not easy to give.

"That's right."

You have to find a medium and smash it, and you can't avoid the snow removal in the middle of the heavy snow even if you try this way, you can't avoid it.

He returned to the carriage without a word and lay down on a soft sofa and closed his eyes.

"That's what most lands are like."

Black magic, and large-scale indiscriminate curses, are mostly long-dead.

It was safe to say that most of the remains of large-scale black magic on the continent today were like that.

To be exact, the continent now has very little information about ethnic groups, and few black magicians once shook the continent.

The world hasn't changed much since then and now.

I closed my eyes slowly, agonizing over the resonant voice of Persec.