37 # 37

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the twelfth installment.

"The Divine Magic is not invincible. I don't think I've ever said I'd allow anyone to die. Won't you wake up?"

I took a deep breath as if they were getting out of my head.

Only then did he seem to realize it.

What the weak-looking boy who took up his post on their own land is doing.

"Those who get hurt will go back to the land and roll themselves, so keep that in mind."

I'm sure you'll be opposed to my deep-warning voice, but...

"Let's live up to the Lord's expectations!"

"Get rid of them!"

"Don't miss the chance! Mash their heads!"

Already, vigilantes looked as if they were not interested in such things.

Do they know that Goblin's faces are getting tired of the increased morale that is similar to that of Busker's madness?

Although it seemed to be a disadvantageous method, the number of Goblin's had decreased so quickly that it was noticeable.

Goblin would be mad and furious.

I don't think they've ever seen anyone with that weird light on their bodies.

It's hard to win and hurt because of the light.

If you push it in and somehow make scars, the white light restores your body.

You must have realized that instinct, not reason, is shouting that this is not something.

What should I do? It's too late.

Coughing!

Argh!

Only then did the Goblin, who felt the fear of death, start running away one by one, but the already lit vigilante did not let the fugitives go.

One-sided punishment did not last long.

There was so much accumulation that the vigilantes did not give them a chance to run away, but attacked them with their weapons frantically.

In the end, the last goblin, who was running away, died after falling to the floor with his body pierced by an arrow I shot lightly.

Silence on unexpected result for a moment.

A vigilante, who had forgotten to breathe with his sword hanging down, shook his hands and raised his hands high.

"I... I won..."

"We won!!!"

"Wow!!!"

At the same time, the contagious atmosphere spread like those who saved the world.

Hail to the Lord!"

"The Holy Father is with you!!"

I can't get used to it when I see him say cheesy comments without hesitation.

I can't control my facial expression.

"Please see if my hands are okay.'

Your hands and toes won't shrink under the laws of physics.

While saying that, even himself is a little uncomfortable, and his expression is indifferent.

As I watched the scene where he kept shouting "Hurrah" at me, I didn't think the embarrassment would go away.

Eventually, I was forced to disperse the atmosphere by reminding them of one thing they had forgotten.

"What are these guys doing, Young Jimin is still locked up! Move it, move it, move it!"

"Oh!"

"Yeah!!"

"Let's go!"

It was after the word blind faith was already engraved on their faces despite the very high-handed shouts.

a close resemblance to fanaticism

A stick and a carrot.

So I tried to instill a sense of resistance and awe, but I was only shouting for the lord.

I felt anxious that I made a wrong choice.

17. It's raining outside! Whispering! Whispering! Whispering!

The number of British citizens is about 200.

The combined number of vigilantes and drivers is about 3,40 people.

Considering the number of Young Ji-min, the proportion of vigilantes is very high.

from a boy of young age to a middle age Everyone took up arms to protect their land.

Training that is not properly implemented, equipment that is not satisfied due to lack of technology and lack of funds.

And now that the Goblin are determined to start looting...

It is also useful to endure so far.

"We found it!"

While walking into the village, a vigilante jumped to my side, checking the bodies of the Goblin.

He was a boy who showed his fierce anger toward the Goblin.

"Really?"

"Yes!"

The eyes that were filled with distrust for the first time had already disappeared.

I guess the mulberry flavor was it?

I don't want to get addicted.

I got up calmly and entered the artificial cave where he led me.

The cave seemed to have been a food storage used by the Orcs.

As I entered the poorly crafted cave, I saw vigilantes confronting each other with arms pulled out.

Is it still there?'

No matter how weak you are, it's not that you can't learn at all.

There are about 10 goblins left.

They were able to deal with it quickly, but they hid behind them and held rusty weapons as if they were taking the kidnapped Young Ji-min hostage.

That's a weapon you took when you attacked the territory. It is a weapon that is not managed and is rusty, but can be dangerous if cut.

On the contrary, the hostages were in a sloppy state of captivity, but they could not be a proper force because they were so hurt and exhausted.

Fortunately, none of the Goblin's hands have been touched yet.

The goblin, who are the enemies of women's bodies of all races, have the habit of exhausting the female captives they have caught and then taking them away.

The abduction must have been the night before, so he hasn't touched it yet.

If it's a good thing, it's a good thing.

It's absurd. You'll always be ostracized when you return to the land......

"You... you coward..."

He said he had received a buff, but he couldn't dig fast enough to keep the hostages from getting hurt.

Because of this, vigilantes and drivers were not able to approach them recklessly.

"Hmm..."

I moaned briefly when I saw it.

"Gorden, Freeman. If I signal them all, cut them down."

"Lord?"

In my words, the two vigilantes as well as everyone looked surprised.

It was also to save them that they attacked the Goblin village in the first place. But when I said it as if the hostage had nothing to do with it, he seemed embarrassed.

All I can do for those who see me with a surprised look is to shrug my shoulders.

"What are you doing? Are you staying up all night?"

"Lord! They're the clever ones! There's a hostage, and he'll just rush..."

Heh, you lack faith. Mistrust.

"I'm saying this because I think you're mistaken."

As soon as my words are over, my hands glow again.

A hostage?

"Where's the hostage?"

As soon as my words were over, a white light touched the tired and wounded prisoners' bodies and began to cover them up like shells.

Apparently, the people who fled because they couldn't see the fight took the hostage and staged a sit-in here.

So now you realize what those glowing things are in the hostages' bodies.

You can tell by the faces of those green monsters who are getting blue in real time.

Argh!

Yikes!

I screamed instinctively and shouted at the guys who were trying to run away.

"How long are you going to blank out, jump in!"

"Huh?! You're dead! You damn bastards!"

"You rapists to death!"

At the same time, vigilantes and knights who realized what I had done penetrated and stabbed Goblin in the neck.

Even if we tried to run away, we were blocking the exit, so all of them were forced to be slaughtered in the corner.

The last one scatters blood and cries as if it is unfair.

Then it drifted and became a cold body.

It was a very futile ending for a hundred Goblin villages to push through the regular construction method without any plans.

Taking out the blankets I had prepared calmly, I approached the young people who were held captive.

They must be seeing me for the first time.

There were signs of serious beatings on the bodies of those who had blank expressions as if they did not understand what had happened to them, but they were slowly recovering with a light glow.

I smiled with a blanket around the little girl who looked up at me with blank faces.

For those who are in fear, the most necessary thing is to reassure them.

"Don't be afraid. I'm here to save you."

"Huhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

Tears began to drop in the eyes of the girl with a calm smile and a half empty face.

How scary it was, the girl soon began to cry, hugging me in her arms, and other Young Ji-min also began to cry.

"Everyone has been rescued!"

A vigilante approached me, who patted the girl's back without a word, saluted me and reported it.

"Really? Then what are you doing? Get off work quickly, don't you want to go home!"

"No!!"

Everyone's face, including vigilantes, was brightened by my words holding a girl crying in her arms without a word.

* * *

Is it because of the fact that I led most of the vigilantes who were newly appointed?

The vigilantes, who were guarding the worn-out fortress with faces full of distrust and anxiety, looked suspicious of the punitive force returning faster than they expected.

"What are you doing? Jimmy! Get rid of the fence right now!"

"The lord is coming in!"

"Hurry up and move, you little bastards!"

But soon, he rushed out and removed the wooden object at the cries of vigilantes who followed me.

However, they look suspicious.

What the hell happened to them to show me this ridiculous blind faith.

I couldn't really tell you with my own mouth, so I had no choice but to keep silent and just walk silently.

"There may still be some more Goblin villages left. I'll clean them up periodically."

"Yeah!!"

The distrust has already disappeared. To my cry, they shouted as if they were doing the right thing.

The remaining vigilantes, who did not know the situation, only gave a confused look at me and the vigilantes.

"Dissolution! We'll be very busy starting tomorrow, so I'll make the one who gets caught over the hump regret it."

"Long live the lord!!!"

"Hail to the Holy Father!"

.......

At my cry, vigilantes shouted in unison, and even the Yeongji people in the territory began to look at me with strange eyes.

I thought I was hypnotizing myself, but I only did healthy things.

To be honest, it would be no different from taking drugs.

'It's loud.'

Ignoring the giggles of Persec, I quickly stepped off the podium.

If we stay like this, we will be able to create a true pseudo-religion, which is quite burdensome.

But I'll be fine in a few days. It's just that they're unique.

It doesn't take much time to realize that I was foolish to think so.

* * *

I mean, it started when I led the remaining vigilantes up the mountain to erase the lingering distrust in the territory.

As soon as it dawned, Amy was asked to investigate the internal affairs of the territory, and only 10 vigilantes and three knights led her to climb the mountain.