36 # 36

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the 11th installment of the second volume

"Oak's Call?"

At first I doubted my eyes. Architectural techniques and styles were strictly those of Orcs, Goblin and Angcco.

Goblin, a plunderer for those who call themselves warriors, would be a bitter enemy.

But there are Goblin in Orc's call?"

"It was an ownerless call. Not long ago, watchmen told me that they were gathering here."

The information was not clear, but fortunately it was true.

As expected, the number is about 150 dogs. Given that many of them died in the attack but were filled again, it seems to have been true that they were being supplemented somewhere.

So it's not just here, but somewhere else.

The Goblin abductees did not show whether they were held in a shabby building in Burak.

"They're... they're... they're Lini..."

When I turned my head to the sound of grinding my teeth, one of the young boys in the vigilante group was angry as if he would shed tears of blood right away with his bloodshot eyes.

The atmosphere seemed to be overwhelming and pressing down on what he wanted to jump in right away.

"Are you upset?"

When I calmly looked at him and said, he clenched his teeth and nodded violently.

This time, I looked at the entire vigilante.

"Do you want to kill them?"

The calm words rippled through everyone.

"Yes!"

"I want revenge!"

Not only the angry shouting, but other vigilantes also nodded in anger.

He was ready to wield the shabby weapons he had in his hand.

I can feel that it is a land of good generosity.

Otherwise, I wouldn't be so angry at people who aren't even my family.

"I guess I chose Youngji well."

A smile was made of itself.

Afterwards, he held the bow in his hand and put the arrow on the demonstration.

Then, with his eyes closed, he pulled Manna up.

His first real-life as a lord came very quickly.

* * *

'Kang-killing.'

Apparently, he just pulled the arrow and twisted it.

Though seemingly sloppy, it was never a sloppy step.

I was the one who sucked up all the techniques of the old Apolon.

As the greasy gentleman was a man of character, but at least one good archer, the step I take after learning his skills is never a common step.

I suddenly drew my bow, so the drivers opened their eyes wide as if they were embarrassed.

What I'm going to do is the regular construction method. It would have seemed so to their eyes.

"Well, uh... you mean degradation?"

"No orthodoxy!"

That's ridiculous. That's what you think.

If you're surrounded by them in such a large area, you're going to cause a lot of casualties.

According to the number of goblin found in the village and the condition of the vigilante group, it is unfavorable enough to make it seem more likely to be annihilated as well as casualties.

They would have originally thought I would reduce the number to appropriate traps or guerrilla warfare.

In fact, I even bragged that I wouldn't let a single person die.

However, I didn't mean to clean them up so upsettingly.

I wonder if I can't brush the dust because I'm scared of dust.

"Don't forget that you won't kill a single person die."

Smiling, I slightly twisted my bow and let go.

Paang!!

At the same time, a sharp arrow flew into the air with the sound of the air bouncing.

Pooooooooh!!

Oh, my God!

Argh!

In an instant, the arrow that flew was holding a bent club, lightly breaking the bone of a goblin and making him die.

At the same time, the grotesque cries of Goblin, who discovered the death of their colleagues, began to shake the entire village, as well as the nearby forest.

It was always a grotesque cry.

In an instant, the Goblin gathered to hear the sound and soon found me standing leisurely with arrows, and burst into hostility with a fierce roar.

It looked as if a bee was popping out of a touched hive.

Was he overwhelmed by his murderous appearance?

The faces of the vigilantes began to fade away.

What the hell is this crazy kid doing?

I don't say it myself, but I'm sure you think so.

Therefore, I immediately put the arrow back on the bow and raised the sacred power.

Then he put his strength into his throat.

Your lord is a great man. Watch carefully from now on.

As of today, I will be your lord and family for the first time."

I look back at them in a breathtaking silence.

"Everyone!!!"

Agro was attracted to it.

With the words, the scar behind my back begins to shine lightly.

[Hard Skin]

[Strance]

[Distraction]

[Vital Pump]

[Mana Shield]

[Hi Blessing]

Strengthen skin, strengthen muscle strength. More agility. More stamina. Manna defense. Strengthening overall capabilities.

Starting with the floor where I stood, the pure white light that spread out in a circle began to surround them with various buff magic.

To everyone here, not just one or two.

It is a light buff magic, but the divine magic effect that can force up the hierarchy even with the same magic is excellent.

I was surprised by their eyes as a number of buff spells suddenly flowed out of my body and surrounded them.

With a strange light, my body began to overflow.

Aren't you too surprised? This isn't the end.

My willingness to be sacred was further expressed again, wielding the white glare that followed.

Are you going to use it all up?

I'm just going to dress up like a genius saint.

They don't even know what kind of magic this is.

[Devine Protection]

[Lenovatio]

[Reinforce the Mind]

Higher defense, higher recovery rates, stronger mind,

That's enough, but... up to here, it's a bleeding event.

[Saint Gloria]

Buff efficiency amplification area.

Argh!!

Their bodies began to become lighter when the golden glow of the light surrounded them and the sixth-highest buff amplification magic, Saint Gloria, was revealed.

At this level, the general public will also be able to achieve the best performance based on certain conditions.

"What the... ..."

"Oh, my God..."

The sacred magic that I can raise now is the last half of the sixth grade, considering the case of artifacts.

Basically, it is a sacred reinforcement buff with grades 1 to 2 and high to 3, but the effects cannot be compared if the hierarchy is raised.

Look forward to it, it's hard to get this big buff anywhere.

The sacred articles of the Holy Country Valshas, the headquarters of the Priest Church, will not be as good as this.

Unlike magic and black magic, sacred magic is the most difficult job to raise its level.

By the time it's a saint or a court of law, we'll be able to pull out the 7th.

Realizing that they had become something in their bodies instinctively, the vigilantes and knights looked alarmed, surprised by the strange power that overflowed their bodies.

He looks like he can feel it gradually.

Until a while ago, those who seemed to burst into anger at my absurd behavior looked at me blankly as if they had never done so.

I answered with a smile at the sight without a word and breathed in again.

Belief

Or it's important to boost morale.

"I allow you to vent all your pent-up anger!!"

This fight is important to them who are tired of continuous raids.

There is no stimulant more certain than confidence for those who are getting tired.

Sometimes, it's helpful not to fight in personally.

"Oh, I really wanted to try this.'

What?

You're strong! Charge!

.......

* * *

In fact, vigilantes in the territory may have been looking for an opportunity to avenge the Goblin attacks the previous day.

They recognize the buff I hung as just a mysterious magic, but the power flowing over their bodies was enough to give them enough confidence to chew, bite, taste and enjoy them right away.

Argh!

Oh, my God!

Otherwise, you can't make a face of joy when you see the Goblin gang fighting like an enemy.

"Let's go!"

"Get rid of them!"

The number is only one-third as compared to the number of the number is only one-third.

It seems to be very different from the outside, but in a different sense, it is also possible to handle it without difficulty even if only three people per person are treated.

In the military law, if the number is more than three times larger, never use orthodoxy.

In a way, it doesn't matter because it's not a regular method.

Basically, a fight between a man and a goblin with a difference in specifications. Tired and injured and somewhat balanced, all of the fights collapsed because of the divine magic I walked away.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

I drew my bow again when I saw them shouting and rushing at me with their rugged weapons.

Then, close your eyes lightly and open them.

Manna circled in the Angwang area and quickly began to see the head of the Goblin beyond reinforced vision.

[Rock On]

Mumbling lightly and preparing to kill again.

They held an arrowhead at the necks of those who were shouting without hesitation and held a demonstration.

Paang!!

Another goblin, who was screaming in the back with the sound of the air bouncing, fell down.

Boom!

At the same time, knights and vigilantes who were running in line collided with a group of Goblin.

"You guys! "!

Sigh! Sigh!

a body that has become faster than one can imagine a strong body Unlimited confidence!

The aftermath began to spread uncontrollably after the sword of one of the first members of the vigilante group blew Goblin's head lightly.

"Oh, my God..."

"Oh... ..."

They are goblin who have less physical ability than humans, but they can't even express themselves.

It is usually impossible to blow your neck with such a clean sweep.

It is possible because there are physically and technically trained knights who have trained professionally, but isn't it impossible for vigilantes in these remote areas to have received proper training?

That's what's happening.

"We can win!"

"Don't be afraid!"

"The Lord is with us!"

As confidence in the faces of those who realized their change was young, the war began to flow quickly into a one-sided globalization in battle.

Of course, there is no one who overdoes it because of his extreme confidence.

"Oh, my God!

Those who were attacked beyond the average amount of mana they had were hit by the mana shield being released for a moment.

If you leave it alone, you might get hurt one by one.

Of course I don't intend to leave it alone.

[Hill]

a simple first-degree recovery magic

However, the more he raises the hierarchy, the more powerful the effect will be.

"Huh, uh?"

"The wound..."

The wounds on my body were covered in warm light and healed in an instant, and I looked up with surprise.

Instead of answering their gaze, I fired an arrow again.