39 # 39

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the 14th installment of the second volume

* * *

There must have been some consideration for facing Persek's head throughout the day.

As soon as it dawned, I left the citadel and came to a large plain abandoned nearby.

It was a moment when I felt a little burdened because I saw the eyes and expectations of the vigilantes who saw me on the way out.

Although it was dry, I felt calm as I was looking at the open plain.

The chilly air hits all over the body.

Although the cold or fire resistance has hardly risen due to lack of transformation, it was not a problem if the sacred power was raised lightly.

Have you ever heard of a sacred fire?

"It used to be all farmland, though."

It is now a heavily divided plain. It seemed that all the original owners had given up their ownership and left the land.

What do you mean?

It means that this whole place is uninhabited.

"Oh, I've wanted to be a building owner for a long time. It's going to be a giant."

As he was smiling in vain, Persec looked ridiculous.

You have a unique direction of greed, there is a good way of exploitation if your goal is to live comfortably.

"I don't like that. A man should live a life of conscience."

At least, I don't think I should be criticized even if I can't name the heroes who taught me.

Like it or not, many people will find out that they have inherited their skills one day.

It doesn't matter if it's the skills of heroes who aren't from the Tionis continent, but some of the heroes who taught me are from this continent.

Well, the real sword, Hares von Palan, isn't a very good example.

Above all.

"My purpose is to live long like a human being."

She was silent as if she understood the meaning.

You...

She asked cautiously, something vague on the end of her tongue.

Was your past life short?

"He died before he could do anything."

You're such a naughty boy.

"You're not wrong. On the contrary, I've lived in the corridors for a very long time."

You didn't feel alive and alive. The life that she wants is to live like a human being, sharing affection with people.

It hits home more than I thought.

How can she not know if she wanted that, too.

Her life, which had to be the nucleus of war by birth, would not have been such a good life. All she wanted was to live with my stepfather, Hares, for a long time.

I shook my head because I felt like I was being sentimental.

"We don`t know how long it will take to find the medium in the usual way."

The land is not neglected for nothing.

I have considerable knowledge of curses, but I know how much this kind of curse is inconvenient for me now.

"You don't have to worry about re-exposing your sanctuary..."

The purification magic of at least the eighth system is necessary, if not the sanctuary of the ninth system.

The level of curses was significant, and it was not likely to be easily done with grades 5 and 6.

The problem is that the level of divine magic that I can raise is still difficult to level 8.

It doesn't matter if there's a lot of sacredness, but frankly, there's no way there could be another sacred storage with caldiras-class sacredness.

'Let's just ask the Ilyna.'

Maybe he'll take the bait. I think you're very proud of Hares' swordsmanship, but if you borrow Caldiras for a little bit of help...

I don't recommend it that much.

Perserk shook his head to see if he had noticed what I was thinking.

Then, why did you come here to see this place?

"You should see more information about curses."

The only thing that can be seen by her power is that a curse is the information that can be found on the ground.

Then I have no choice but to grasp it by myself, not by her power.

"I was just whining about why I don't use it these days."

You mean whining?

"There is, a childlike fellow who says he'll scream if you don't use him."

He spoke calmly, knelt on one knee, bowed down, and laid his hand on the dry ground.

Then he quietly closed his eyes and expressed his will.

'When you have a chance, run wild.'

Thanks to the circle that rotates the blood vessels, I didn't have to give orders or spews out of my mouth to form a deformed force.

[Repix Curses (Re Fix Curs)]

an array of curses

Oh? I've never seen magic before.

It's a matter of course.

The founder of this magic, my black magic teacher, is not from this continent.

Common name. C language of the low world.

A curse is a high-level magic made up of numerous formulas and arrangements of mana.

Therefore, black magicians are likely to use the power of various artifacts or spend a considerable amount of time in cursing.

So what if I could decipher that arrangement and intervene and relocate it?

If you find out the terms of the curse, or if you do well, you can find the medium of the curse.

A curse of this level would not be possible with the knowledge of black magic on this continent.

What is expected is that the traces of Daphne and Apolon, who were called the first saints in the past, were alive.

I heard that there was a big fight at the time when black magicians tried to overthrow the continent.

Perhaps this curse, spread over the territory of Hines, was likely to be a mine-type curse.

In the first place, Roias was created to decipher and solve the vicious curse, so it is not fair to say that its purpose was completely wrong.

In an instant, the commander Manna began to flow around me and release his power, and I began to feel a tremendous sound of power.

Because of this, I was reluctant to use it after I came here.

It is about 5 circles of black magic.

My head coach, Mana, is a bit of a nutty guy who takes great pride in showing off himself.

Anyone who knows how to use or feel a little bit of Manna will quickly notice this cold and dark Manna at the same time using the Lipix Curs.

In fact, it was for this reason that I came alone on this deserted plain.

In fact, the hardest thing I've ever learned is high-level black magic.

Whoo...

Soon after, black and white magic dust began to spread widely on my hands.

The curse's structure would be the same, so there was no need to find another specimen.

The spread of the magic wand is about 3 to 4 meters in size.

Soon after, the figure changed and began to print out bizarre characters, as if they were carved on a huge stone slab.

As if the computer's C language is printed out.

The cipher-like text was patterns that no one could understand, but it was just a familiar text to me.

"Hmm?"

Soon after, the question was difficult in my eyes when I was deciphering the sequence of curses.

"Persek."

You must have found something.

"Is this a curse?"

Her eyes were dim with my words.

"It's more like an electronic greenhouse than a curse."

I felt like there was an expression as accurate as that.

* * *

The magic of the lower system, which is well known for its complexity among black magic, is like a sophisticated program.

Magic to precisely squeeze out the arrangement of complex command mana.

Therefore, it was also the only black magic through which the Lipix Curses magic worked.

Although [Ro Ias] is not a black wizard from the Tionis continent, the foundation of black magic using Command Mana is the same, so you can see enough magical efficiency.

For now, it was quite a good judgment to choose the Lipixus magic to investigate the mysterious phenomenon, which is called a curse.

Although there are too many traces of black magic left, if there is no one in the dead land like now, what does it matter if I revive the body or call the devil?

"......."

Perserk pulled my hair as if he was frustrated by my agonizing silence.

"Why don't you tell your daughter instead? She can't decipher that code."

It took 30 years to learn and apply this cryptography.

As soon as I got used to it, I reached the point where I could decipher the content as soon as I saw it, but it wasn't Persec.

No matter how genius you are, it's not easy to notice a text that you don't

To put it simply, the cryptogram in front of me was similar to the computer language.

Does that mean it's not a curse?

"It's technically a curse. In fact, his purpose is very vicious. But from another point of view, it's ambiguous."

Then I lightly wriggled my palms on the ground.

Whoo!

At the same time, the black and white output windows disappeared and the remaining lights began to turn into large arrows.

"It looks like there's one nearby, so let's check the media for ourselves."

The residential inner castle is located near the eastern part of the vast Hines estate.

So what I chose was, of course, a medium believed to have been placed to the east closest to me.

Somehow the outer boundaries of the territory were so clear. You've arranged the medium so that only the Hines are surrounded.'

A total of seven locations are believed to have successful search media.

east, west, north, south, southwest, northwest and southeast, respectively.

Everyone is on the borderline of the territory.

Once the curse spread in such a huge area, it was not strange to have more than seven media outlets.

Considering the conditions of the terrain, the layout is quite sophisticated and efficient.

What about other places?

I wondered what it would be like to use vigilante members to check each of them, but I couldn't just send people to this situation where they might have been trying something to protect the media.

If a big accident happens, it could cause a disaster.

'That's not going to work.'

It might be impossible, but if. Even the slightest chance when I meet the heroes of the Corridor again.

So that your disciple can say that he has lived like this.

A life where I can proudly say what I've done while holding out a glass of wine against heroes.

I had no intention of sacrificing those who followed me for the purpose.

I don't know what kind of defense there will be, I recommend you prepare a little more.

"It won't be a problem."

If things go wrong, I'll just take out a hidden trick.

* * *

Like a navigation, I followed the arrows that guided me to the rocky terrain east of the territory.

The dried rocks had an oddly inappropriate structure to dig themselves and make quarries.

The only thing to see was that it was so beautiful that it was called a magnificent view.

It is a good idea to enjoy a picnic while enjoying the magnificent scenery right now sitting on a high place.

But I didn't really come to play, so I jumped into the rock zone without hesitation.