38 # 38

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 13 of the second volume

The number was very small compared to the beginning, but the rest of the men could not be taken because they had to repair houses or castles damaged by the fight against Goblin.

"Ten? The Lord has not gone mad!"

"No matter how many Goblin's numbers are down..."

The vigilantes, who had not seen me the day before, had been incredibly distrustful.

It wouldn't be weird to shout out that it was a vain bluff if you heard it in personally.

They were.

"Goblin's village was found in front of us. We understand there are about 50 of them."

After listening to the story of an engineer who went on a reconnaissance trip, he turned to the 10 vigilantes standing behind him.

All expressions full of distrust, anxiety.

The vigilante, who swept away the large-scale village with me the day before, seems to have a hard time believing in me because he didn't bring him.

"Are you scared?"

They were silent at my question.

It's hard to believe. Honestly, if I were in that position, I would have thought they had taken a bowl of medicine as a group.

"You'll be scared. I have to fly. Only 10 people are here to clean up Goblin's house. You might think it's right to kill this crazy bastard and run away."

There was no answer to what I said, but it all seemed the same.

If it's hard to believe, I'll just show it myself.

I've said this before, but I've never allowed anyone to die."

Light begins to flow out with my words.

Unlike the knights who realized what I was trying to do, the faces of the young people are small in surprise.

Since light began to flow out of my body.

And after Buff magic settled on them, their distrust disappeared as if they had promised.

* * *

"Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah!"

"The Lord is with you!"

"They looked like they didn't believe me until a moment ago..."

I felt absurd, but I was able to maintain my composure because I had already seen it once.

"You bastards! Stick out your necks!"

"The Holy Father is with you!!!"

Yes, you've done a proper saint costume play, so you'll understand.

"God is with us!"

"Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh! Get the hell out!"

"Hey, you nuts!"

They even gave out remarks that would not be strange even if someone heard them and were taken for blasphemy immediately, which made them look absolutely absurd.

Are they the ones who looked at me with distrust because they couldn't trust me?

Seeing the fanatics sweeping the goblin with their eyes, which seemed to be visible, made the goblin run away in fear or shiver more pitiful.

Ten vigilantes who didn't even receive training systematically, and those who didn't have proper weapons.

It didn't take much time to slaughter more than 50 Goblin.

If a weapon breaks while wielding a weapon, he will tear down their bones with his bare hands.

It's as if each of you is as brave as an extremely reinforced photographer!

It was hard to kill everyone because I didn't raise my bow this time, but since most of them are dead, there will be no way for the one who ran away.

Rather, it would be better if they were confused between them because they realized how dangerous humans have become.

The sight of them gathering at once after they finished organizing in an instant made me feel scared for a very short time.

Isn't this much worse than before?

"Lord! Some of them are running like cats and dogs!"

"Haha! They'll never cross the Hines again!"

"Hahahahaha! Their pain is just so!"

There was an awkward smile at the scene where he sang three cheers without being asked to.

Oh, that was a shallow mistrust.

"Well... well done."

Yes, if you're a vigilante who has to protect the territory, it's not bad that you're loyal.

At least you won't be dissatisfied with what I'm trying to do.

It's a little creepy, but not bad!

I thought so.

It's not bad to take care of your image in moderation. And I thought exactly two days later,

I went around to inspect the condition of the land myself, and the sight of it changed me to do what I could.

"Oh... Holy Father!"

"The Holy Father is here! Get out of the way, you bastards!"

A horse with no feet goes a thousand miles.

Whether these are vigilantes or priests who go on missionary work.

I began to regret the decision I made for the first time.

* * *

It was safe to say that it was a success to gain trust from Young Ji-min as a lord.

It's my territory anyway, or I'm the highest-ranking official anyway, so what's the matter?

You may wonder, but there was something Astrea, king of conquests in the Bordeaux and the Paladian Empire, said to me every time.

Don't forget, even if you manage a small estate, it's not livestock that you're leading, it's a man of free will. You have to let them follow you on their own, so that it doesn't last long to take care of it on your own.]

He didn't learn politics as an in-depth king because he taught me how to sing and politics, but at least he sympathized with what he said from time to time.

It is said to be a small land with only about 200 people living, but whatever it starts is poor.

"From a nearby commercial city, General Bernil sent me the whole West. The vigilante was quite good, so they prepared a lot of supplies. That could delay the return date a little bit..."

At first, Amy, who used to serve the whole of my life, is working as my secretary because she has quite intelligent hair.

It is unusual for a woman to be in this position as a lounge kingdom, but I tend to hire talented people, men, women, children, and the elderly regardless.

Amy seemed to be moved by my appreciation for her value.

"The rest of the papers are here. What else do you need... ..."

"It's too late. I want a clean company. Get off work."

"Getting off... Get off work?"

She looked at me with surprise at my words.

"Well, how long will you wait for me to stay up?"

"That's impossible.

I tilted my head as if it were a puppy abandoned by its owner.

"Don't you want to go home?"

You know a lot, but you don't know too much about women.

"He's got a crush on me?'

When he looks ridiculous, Persek sighs.

It's not compassion, it's hard to explain, but it's not right to give up the heart of a child who wants to help you even a little, because it's different from the dog's following its owner.

Persec is experienced and full of wisdom. After she said so, Amy's eyes were distracted for nothing.

"Well... Davey... I can do this! It's like..."

He sighed briefly while looking at the man who was blurring the end of his words.

I didn't know it would come out like this even though I was taking care of him.

"Yeah, well, there's nothing we can do. Instead, I'm going to be tough on you, so be prepared."

"Yes!"

"That's enough. I'm off work today."

My words made me look up and down, but I couldn't help it because she was in trouble in many ways.

"Let's take good care of tomorrow, too."

"Yes!"

Since then, a man who regained his energy from my words often sighed as soon as he walked out of the office.

"I've never taken care of you that much."

Well, she seems quite responsible for what you've done to her.

Oh, the corrupt, corrupt work of a lower priest.

It's true that he saved me, but I can't forget that I intended half of it. Thinking like that makes me feel guilty.

Ferserk, who nodded his head in silence, sat down lightly on the old desk.

Then she skimmed through the papers under her butt and opened her eyes.

"By the way, you're thousands of years old, and you know the writing."

I haven't been playing around and eating, so it's just the common language of the continent.

She then reached out and swept away the papers that were much larger than her body.

"What do you think?"

You want a cold evaluation?

"First of all."

If you lift the curse right away and roll it right, you'll be back in normal territory in at least five years. And it is spring that you expect about 20 years to make the land you want.

Her judgment was quite accurate.

If you put a curse on the dying land, the land will not be fine.

"How far did I judge that by my own power?"

No way. Would you like to hear what she thinks about this territory?

"I'll listen."

A grin gave her a satisfactory roar.

As she sat down, she reached out her small hand and pointed to the document on one side.

Then, with the light wind, a small document rose lightly and flew in front of me.

"Are you able to deal with physical force?"

A little bit of power is possible. That's enough to lift a light object like this.

Nevertheless, he looked satisfied.

This land doesn't even exist as underground water, so the water supply is terrible. In addition, the food stockpiled by bad harvests has been on the rise, but it is clear that the livestock industry has decreased rapidly in the years.

Listening to her without a word keeps me going on and on.

Thanks to the large amount of platinum you gained from robbing the information guild in the capital city, you can endure it for a while, but that's a temporary measure. The most serious thing is also the money issue.

As she said.

"In fact, this land has almost no profit."

It is not unusual to feel extremely backward compared to other territories.

"There are many ways."

Tell her how you think about it.

Her eyes were full of expectations as she smiled sweetly and asked.

It means that she is also not seeing my heart as she wills. If she had lived for thousands of years, her life would be as boring as it gets.

It's understandable.

Fortunately, there are quite a lot of manpower, unlike most young people who thought they would be missing. The first thing we do is we use monsters and hunting to keep it going."

It's actually the bottom line.

The people's blind faith is so great that they will follow even if they call for land reform from tomorrow.

If you use them to hunt and hunt monsters, you can survive right away, but the growth is over there.

"The second option is to create a special product, but it's hard unless we solve the state of the land.""

It's understandable.

"Finally, trade. How to get diamonds from corn."

She tilted her head at my words.

There's no reason to trade here from other cities, and there's no trade to put forward.

"If you can't trade with people, you can trade with them. But just in case, let's investigate the land situation first."

Everything must be used first.