41 # 41

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the 16th installment of the second volume

Manatees are often mined around the continent, so they are expensive but can be saved. However, Ma Jeong-seok is different.

A mass of highly purified and condensed mana in nature.

This was so vast that even those who had never felt Manna could turn it into a wizard if they used it well.

It's not just one, but it's almost 20 Ma Jeongseok.

In addition, the size was not normal, so perhaps the moment you put it out, the magicians on the continent almost ran into you with their eyes on them.

I'm not saying that a wizard is a money-eating job for nothing.

In fact, if you sell only this one piece of Majeongseok, a large amount of money will be poured out.

"But I can't sell it now."

The problem was that nothing like this had ever appeared on the continent.

Most of the Majeongseok, which is known to the continent, are found in ancient ruins.

That's the only way to get hundreds of platinum coins, and the wanted one came out?

It's perfect to be caught up in numerous incidents if you just let it go without preparation.

It turned out to be a nice, light-colored apricot.

"No, you should think about what you can do with it."

Then I looked at the body of the golem on the floor.

High-performance golem with advanced technology.

It would be worth a fortune to sell these except for Ma Jeong-seok, but if you add more than Ma Jeong-seok, it will not be less.

In fact, seven such ridiculous facilities were hidden in this remote area of the Byeollal, where no one would come because it was abandoned and cursed land.

At the end of the corridor, I went down the stairs and saw a huge hall.

"Wow."

At the same time, I looked inside and was surprised.

It's the same Majeongseok.

But the size was different.

It's a curse.

It was as Persek said.

So far, Ma Jeong-seok, who had been pulled from the heads of golem, was as small as a fist or a little smaller and larger than that.

But this one in front of me was a huge rock that could not be compared to its size.

It means that the entire rock, which is 3 meters high and 1 meter wide, is Majeongseok.

Furthermore, the surface was filled with countless characters that were hard to tell how they were processed.

"It would be a real pain if it came out in the real world."

The moment he appears in the world without adding a lie, he is so big and pure that it is not strange for many countries to wage war to own Ma Jeongseok.

"If I could use the condensed mana in here, I could use nine circles of magic."

The ridiculous size and sophistication made me laugh in vainly.

However, when I think about it, I understand. This size must have changed the climate of the whole large land.

It's a pity that curses have been expressed for about five years, but if you haven't found this place for decades, hundreds of years. For thousands of years they have made this place a living hell.

The magic of bringing rain or controlling nature is basically something a high-ranking magician can use.

However, the curse on the land was an extraordinary change that actually went beyond its scope.

When I, who moved silently and raised my hand to Majeongseok, pulled up the commander Manna and used the Forks Curs magic again, an unparalleled amount of ciphertext began to emerge into the air.

It looks like you've worked too hard to get rid of a piece of land.

"There must have been something on this land."

Even though I said so, my eyes were constantly reading a lot of texts.

Since it was the last hall, it was also true that I was worried that there might be one last Guardian to protect this place.

In fact, I could feel the flow of manna on one side of the wall of the large hall.

However, maybe it's because time has passed too much.

The last defense system seemed to be inoperative.

"Oh... ...it's a system like this."

an interesting arrangement even for me, who has learned a lot of magic theories.

The challenge as a wizard began to spring up.

Can you touch it?

"There's a difficulty... but if we find a rule, we're good enough to manipulate it, um, is that it?"

When I picked up a part of the mana array listed by the Lipix Curses magic and twisted it, light light light began to surround the area.

Persec's facial expression changes subtly as the unstable mana sequence begins to spray a bizarre light.

But my eyes never fell off the light-emitting characters in front of me.

Whooooooooooooooooh!

Soon, unstable and shaky characters began to calm down and emit a green light.

Ferserk, who unknowingly breathed a sigh of relief at the visibly stable figure, looked at me.

What did you change?

"Just."

I smiled with a blurry smile on the end of my words.

"The family's been around for years. So I sprayed water first. I guess it's been a heavy rain because of the heavy accumulation."

Perhaps by now, the land has been in a state of chaos.

* * *

The vigilantes, Gordon and Freeman, looked out of the castle with languid faces on the watchtower of the poorly renovated castle.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

"Mr. Freeman, why doesn't the lord punish the rest of Goblin?"

It was a really honey-like relaxation that I had only recently.

At Gordon's words, Freeman smiled vainly and looked at the desolate wilderness beyond the castle.

"You, my lord, are you all thinking? Besides, all the goblins in the area have been slaughtered, so there's nothing to be urgent about."

At first, they didn't believe in Davies.

It was a matter of course.

As it turned out, the kingdom of Loun had become so severe that aristocrats took power that the exploitation of the aristocrats had intensified.

No aristocrats were free enough to come all the way to this remote area to open their seats and harass the common people.However, they were receiving at least the amount of contact from those who left for other lands to find a way to live.

Although they are ordinary people, they are a king's people, not serfs.

In addition, while the land was collapsing, the kingdom simply threw away the benefits of tax cuts, saying, "I don't know."

For them, it may be just a remote land, but for the people here, it was their hometown.

For those who have lived here since Baron Alischard ruled the land a long time ago, it means that this is a home and a place to return to.

The kingdom, which had been neglected for years at a time when the land was dying, suddenly sent a new blue baby to become a permanent resident.

The well-informed elders said in unison that the new lord, Prince Davy 1, was relegated to the post after being pushed back by a power struggle.

And in that case, he said there is a high chance that he will come here and vent his anger against the people of the country.

It would be a lie if there was no anxiety.

They are worried, but in fact there was nothing they could do.

It was difficult to pay attention to other places because the Goblin attacks continued.

Meanwhile, the Goblin eventually crossed the citadel and there was even a mishap of kidnapping Young Ji-min.

It is difficult to rescue the people of Goblin by attacking the village of Goblin with the power of vigilantes at the time.

As if everyone was giving up. He came.

The boy with a cleanly likable smile looked a little different from their expectations.

Hearing the condition of the land at once, I wondered if he was angry and beating the head of the vigilante group. Some people said they would risk their lives against him if they really did.

However, Prince Davy silently toured the territory and quickly noticed that the Goblin had attacked the interior of the territory.

He was not an angry face.

With an extremely calm face, he made a bombshell announcement to the vigilantes.

I won't let anyone die.

Push in the knife of anger as much as you want.

And when Prince Davy first put an arrow into the head of a goblin.

They saw a miracle.

Unless expressed as a miracle, no way would explain the reality of Prince Davy's display.

The divine light flowing out of his hands made them strong, and he instilled confidence in the vigilante who blamed himself, believing that he would not save the captured Young Ji-min.

Did the little boy even grasp such psychology?

He set the fire of motivation in the minds of vigilantes, who were constantly fighting against them.

As long as I became the lord of this place, we are a family. And I don't intend to let my family die in vain.

It was what he said while leading the vigilante.

Prince Davy, a young man with a near-miracle major, has since brought out a small number of vigilantes to punish the Goblin.

As if the miracle shown at that time was not just a coincidence.

He grumbled, "I'm not a saint," but did he know?

The new young lord has become more trustworthy than God among these people in just a few days.

It would not be strange to be taken as a blasphemy right away, but Young Ji-min had no intention of changing the idea.

It is because it is more reliable to make miracles in front of one's eyes than the gods who did not give them any miracles.

"Mr. Freeman."

"Hmm?"

"By the way, It's good to deal with Goblin thanks to you, but will there be a future on this land?"

Usually, he would have been angry, but Freeman could not answer easily.

Unless he was a fool, he didn't know that Youngji was dying.

The land, which has been drying up due to years of drought, has now turned most of its land into a land of death, except for the fortress where the people of the province live.

No matter how much he appeared with the incarnation of God, I thought he couldn't do anything about it.

"No matter how much the lord is a saint, what can he do if the heavens are angry and there is no rain?"

"Sigh...... should we really leave the land when the drought dries up here?"

If the land had been rich, it would have bought water.

However, the land was poor and even the only farming that could be put forward was being devastated by the drought.

Freeman closed his eyes quietly after Gordon sighed bitterly.

Yes. This was enough for him.

No man can do anything about the years of drought and dying land.

The effects of the slowly approaching drought are now reaching the vicinity of the only rainy fortress.

Until last year, the plains around the citadel, which had grown grass, were slowly drying up.

Gradually, that terrible curse is approaching this citadel, the only home.

In fact, signs of drought began to show inside the fortress.