42 # 42

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the 17th installment of the second volume

This cannot be solved by human power.

In the meantime, priests, wizards, and alchemists came and shook their heads, saying that even after visiting the territory in the name of research, this place was simply cursed with a terrible curse that could not be solved.

Young Ji-min probably doesn't have any hope that the land will regain its former form.

"Ha-ha, you don't know, will you rain on the lord?

"Mr. Man."

Playfully, Gordon suddenly called in a stiff voice to him, who thought he could never do that.

"Mr. Man!!!"

"Hey, you! You're deafening me!"

"Didn't the rain just fall?"

Freeman frowned at the words.

"What kind of ghost are you talking about?"

It was when he put his head out of a wooden watchtower.

Took...

At the same time, something cold from the sky hit his forehead coolly and scattered.

"How are you?"

The two men hardened as if they had made a promise.

"......."

a long spell of silence

a thud

Gordon, once again, rubbed his eyes against the cold drops of water from the sky, opened his eyes.

At the same time, the two of them knelt down and bowed their heads, raising their hands violently as if they were worshiping God, even though no one had asked them to.

"Forgive these foolish men who did not believe in the Holy Father!"

"Oh... Lord, I believe you. Amen......"

At the same time as they shouted, drops of water began to fall from the sky as if they had been waiting for it now.

As if to announce the end of the terrible drought that had caused the land to die.

Took... Thud... Shoot!!!

It was a heavy rain accompanied by thunderstorms that seemed to relieve all the anger that had accumulated so far.

18. First, grind it! And! Plant it!

"The situation is terrible."

"This is the worst. No one else but the information is in the hands of the Marquis. It is only a matter of time before the solidarity of the aristocracy, which had been tightly bound, will be broken down."

Four or five men were frowning in the reception room of the Duke of Barieta, who is known as the Chancellor of the Loun Kingdom and the real ruler of the kingdom.

"Huh......the Marquis of Paltris, of all people......"

Marquis Paltris was a man they couldn't touch.

He is single-handed in the position of the aristocrats and political opponents, but he is still standing there is no retreat.

the few remaining loyalties of the kingdom

However, he was seemingly neutral, so the aristocrats did not touch him.

If we fight properly, one of them will definitely disappear.

However, the remaining parties have no choice but to bear huge losses.

That was the case.

But what if he had a card that would hold the life of the aristocracy?

"Is there any means to prevent the evidence from being used?"

When Count Phorum, a close aide to the Duke of Barieta, asked with a worried look, the bearded aristocrat next to him sighed.

"Honestly, it would be right to say that there isn't."

"I'm pressing it as if I've been waiting for it. There are already some low-ranking aristocrats that he has begun purging as an example."

"That's why the hiding political opponents began to put their heads in."

I couldn't stop the move because there was no apparent cause.

That's why I was so crazy.

The lower aristocrats who supported the aristocracy were important financial resources and power for the aristocracy.

No outstanding man can do everything by himself.

"I don't know who it is, but it's true that they took away all our secrets."

Finally, everyone's eyes gathered toward the silent Duke of Barieta.

It was the safest information guild.

Their cover-up capabilities were so great that they were not worth keeping in a certain private mansion or secret space.

From the black moon, the best information guild, all other information guilds were quietly robbed overnight.

There were information guilds that collapsed so much that it was hard to move right away, and there were places that were barely holding out.

Perhaps that's it. The information he thought would never be found, mixed together with the pile of information, was clearly organized and put into his hands.

Is it the masterpiece of the Marquis of Paltris? It wasn't.

The Marquis of Paltris, known by the Duke of Barietta, is an excellent sodmaster, but it was not possible for him to shake off the information guild in such a silent manner.

That's why I was relieved.

"We need to find the man who attacked the Information Guild. Find him and punish him."

"Huh... I'm not doing this because I can't do it, I'm frustrated!"

"Information guilds have been contacting us to get out of this business completely. Marquis Paltris will not be surprised to see that he pushes those who have been ruined so that they can't even serve as a guild. Rather, they'll give you just a reason to get caught."

While presenting each other's opinions, one aristocrat frowned.

"But what about the Queen?"

"The Queen's Falling queen?"

"Yes, honestly, I don't understand. Prince Davey revealed the stigma? Even so, he can't even handle the sacredness properly. It is said that the form of the scar is also unstable, unlike other marks on the wrist, so it is a defective product."

"The Marquis of Raltis."

"What if he revealed the scar? The Holy Land is already in the same boat with us. Will they admit him? No, there's no power. The Queen's decline against the prince paid too much attention to such a half."

"The people we should care about were Your Majesty and Marquis Paltris."

Others silently sympathized with the words of the Marquis.

Everyone was unhappy with Queen Linnes' behavior, which was not only revealing but also caring too much about the character, Davy.

Their solidarity over the years began to falter because of one prince.

From their perspective, Prince Davy was a weak prince with no power, even giving up the king.

"You're being picky. Marquis of Laltis."

"That's what I'm saying. It's a horse. Uh...

The Duke of Barieta took a short breath toward the man who was pounding his chest as if he was frustrated.

"No amount of my Marquis will break our bonds overnight. We'll have to fight back at the risk of some bleeding."

"Right, but we'll have to find a way to retrieve the top secret information."

Marquis Paltris is now measuring the kill angle of the aristocracy.

The hasty move was too dangerous.

"The Worst Case."

In the end, there is only one way to get off.

The secrets that made all the aristocrats safe are now holding their breath.

"I'm ready for civil war. Marquis of Laltis."

"Yes, Duke."

"How are you getting ready?"

"Just tell me and I can get ready right away."

"Prepare secretly. You're never going to give them an excuse until they're perfect."

At his words, the Marquis nodded quietly.

'You're looking at the prince too easily.'

The Duke of Barietta frowned at the quietly united nobles.

Soon after Prince Davy woke up, he changed surprisingly much.

It is not a matter of what has changed, but the feeling of having served as a Chancellor for decades cries out. There's something.

Moreover, the assassins of the black moon sent to assassinate him disappeared silently. It was better to think that it was removed without sound than to run away.

I wouldn't have known it before, but if I were right, Prince Davy would reveal his teeth without hesitation as soon as power or foundation were created.

'But, if it were the land of Hines, he wouldn't do much.'

It was becoming an unprecedented land of death where even countless magicians, alchemists, and deities on the continent could not figure out the cause.

He's not going to do anything with something that I don't know.

What are you going to do in a remote place where it doesn't rain?

He didn't know what Davy was doing on the Hines estate because he couldn't afford to send people in person.

* * *

Rain started to fall.

Young Ji-min, who knew what it meant, all of them stopped working and came out to the streets and looked up at the sky with a look of disbelief in reality.

Realizing that the water droplets they were being hit with were rain, they soon cheered and rejoiced as if they had promised.

Most of the young people left behind were children, very few young people, and most of the elderly, but the rain in a few years made everyone equally happy.

For them, rain must have been a hope that the dying land could be revived, not just a means of water supply.

It was also true that the land was dying due to a long drought.

After a few days of rain, it was not until it had soaked through all the dry land.

Unlike Young Ji-min, who was in a festive mood, I had a task to solve other areas, so the week went by very busily.

Shoot me!

It was only after changing the code to the ruins of the northwest, the last area, that I was satisfied with the pouring rain.

After all, I've solved it.

She nodded quietly at her drooping face and was greeted without a word by raindrops falling from the sky.

I don't have anything to say when asked what kind of rain I'm getting, but it was true that I missed this cool rain because I was facing the dry wind.

A few days later, the chief of staff Bernil and the vigilante, who had left for the commercial city of Helium, returned.

Bernile always has the same expression, so he didn't seem to be very impressed with Young-ji's situation now, but Monmider was different.

The fact that it rained on his dying estate.

And soon after they left, they could not hide their dismay when they heard that I led a small number of vigilantes to punish all the Goblin around.

No, to be exact, you rushed back after hearing that it rained.

As the land was in bad condition, the punitive results were surprising, but it seemed more surprising that even the kidnapped Young Ji-min was rescued without injury without a single casualty.

Of course, he still doesn't seem to trust me, but he's been struggling for a long time, so it's a natural result.

In fact, it can't be easy to take a Max picture of a favorable impression that started in negative.

Still, you'll be even more surprised to hear what I've done.

I have been silent for nearly a week since I succeeded in normalizing the climate of the last area.

It wasn't really the case if I was relaxing.