45 # 45

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the 20th installment of the second volume.

"I'd be better off than a decent elf, considering the spirit affinity. Elf forest life is usually influenced by the affinity of spirits."

They're more born than spirit-friendly ones.

Would it be comparable to me who has been living in a fire pit for years, raising fire resistance to increase the affinity of fire?

This is the class of heroism that transcends race.

Indeed, Yuriana, a hero who signed with all spirits and a teacher of my spirit skills, was also a human being.

As many as 13 members of the High Elf, the highest rank of the Elf, signed the Spirit King, who said he could not reach even the E.L.F., throughout his life, it would not be an ordinary talent.

"Where, do you understand me?"

I sweep my back and ask lightly, but Elkredi just looked at me with his head tilted.

But he's not smart enough to understand.

"I guess I wanted too much."

It was a time when he was relaxing and sweeping his back.

Four, four, four, four, four, four, four, four...

Inside the forest, several elkdiers and Fairy Dragons began to gather beside me one by one.

I can't believe the spirits showed such close feelings when they didn't sign a contract.

'You look envious.'

honestly

With a flushed face, I also seemed to want to pet him.

Is it only because of the gentle horse she spouted?

The animals often wandered away, instinctively feeling the slightest stretch of her hand.

You have a head coach, too, but that's too much.

"Magie and Commander Manna are similar.'

Beep!

It was then.

A faraway Fairy Dragon approached me and gave me something in my mouth.

"That's a good thing."

At the same time, I realized what it was and opened my eyes wide.

the flowers of the moon

"Oh, thank you, where did you get this?"

Beep!

At what I said, he had been squeaking like he was asking for a compliment with his watery eyes.

"Okay."

When I realized what I wanted, I swept his back, and he was crying to see if I felt good, but he soon circled around me and started flying somewhere.

"It looks like you're going to do a navigation."

That's a relief, the Elves' forest is a lot bigger than it looks, of course they would have caught the eyes of the Elves if they were looking for it.

Although they said they lived by grilling cute people, it was not a very good situation to face them.

The Fairy Dragon, which was flying around me, soon formed a swarm and began to fly somewhere in unison, and soon led me to a huge flower garden.

Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...

There was little surprise in Persek's expression.

And, in this view, I got a smile on my face.

Beep!

Beep beep!

Like the Fairy Dragons dancing, the flower garden was a wide blue view.

All the moon's flowers...

Flowers that can only be seen in the forests of elves, which bloom in the blessing of the moon goddess.

In the human realm, they were the ones I was looking for that grew only with special cultivation methods.

"There's a lot, and this is enough to plant all over the land."

A flower has enough seeds to plant flowers on 100 pyeong of land.

It would be a little difficult to get caught by the elves who deify the moon's flowers, but it's just a little bit of spreading.

"Before that."

Stopped, I slowly stood in front of the flower garden, closed my eyes and opened my hands.

At the same time, the spirit's energy, which had been weak until a while ago, began to gradually strengthen.

The basis of the Spirit power is Manna, or Godliness, or command.

For this reason, spirits were actually convenient enough for those who gained other powers if they wanted to call them.

After all, that level of difference means high and low affinity.

I was already the one who put Max in shame, so it was safe to say that I couldn't actually summon the spirits... ...and that I wouldn't have to beg for it.

"But it's not going to be easy for the King of Spirits.'

When I practiced spirits, I used to borrow the spirits of Uriana.

In fact, I couldn't renew the contract because there was no existence other than the spirit that had already been contracted in the corridor.

Are you trying to sign a contract with a spirit?

"Everyone is mistaken, but the moon goddess is literally part of the spirit. So, if you pick a flower that has the power of the spirit, but without permission, you will definitely get sick."

Then I slowly opened my eyes, lifting up the Spirit Manna.

Then he slowly voiced his mysterious voice, which is different from the language I've ever spoken.

Can you hear me?]

[Huh? Human?]

[Human!]

[Human!]

When I called out the spirits walking on the fields of the moon's flowers, the spirits of light light in the air began to gather one by one.

The appearance varied.

Some had stones, some had water droplets, some had ice crystals.

Most of the time, the appearance of the spirits changes according to the wishes of the contractor, but the natural spirits are more like elements, to be exact.

So so will the natural spirits here.

[Wow! Can you see us?]]

[They can hear us!]

The sight of the spirits who kept chattering endlessly and flew by me made me laugh.

They are by nature good and pure beings.

Therefore, just being together has the effect of making people comfortable.

Yeah, I can hear you and I can see you.]

Persek had a sulky look on his face as if he didn't understand what I was saying, but the spirits understood exactly what I meant.

[Wow!]

How can a human being say the word of a spirit?]

Interesting! I want to talk to her, too!]

If you accept each of the words of the deaf-mute, there will be no end.

I asked them as if I was asking them to stop their flow in moderation.

I need flowers here. Can you share a little?]

[Flower?]

[Yes, yes! You can take it! We can trust the human being we see!]

I'm full of good spirits! I'll make you flowers, too!]

[I'll give you as much as I want!]

I'm sure the merry-go-rounds have lost their permission. There's nothing to be bothered about now.

The only thing left is to get enough supplies and leave before the elves find out by the elves.

If you get caught, you will get a little tired, so it's best not to be seen as much as much as possible.

But I probably didn't care at the time.

There's someone watching me from afar.

* * *

'Surprised.'

His voice was soft and relaxed.

Who is he?

the garden of the moon goddess

It is used to refer to a garden where moon flowers grow among high-ranking elves.

It is the place where the moon's flowers, which naturally begin to grow as spirits attracted by highly condensed spirits, gather and form a huge flower garden.

As it is a very sacred place for the elves, it was honestly hard to believe the scene unfolding in front of them.

the sanctuary of the Elves

Humans are communicating with spirits to pick the flowers of the moon that grow there.

Perhaps if you go to Elvenheim, called the last city of the Elves, and deliver it, you will only be laughed at.

Surely the present elves who shut their doors now cannot easily communicate with the spirits of nature, even the most precious of all, the high elves.

Affinity?

Excellent. There is nothing you can't do if you want to sign with the Spirit.

In fact, a noble lineage who inherited Helishana Castle, she was born with enough affinity to sign a contract with a top-class spirits.

But it was impossible for her to see the Spirits of Nature, communicate with the Spirits of Nature, and win favors from them without any reward.

In such a situation, a man, a boy who seemed not to be over 20 years old, was doing it.

Her eyes were curious.

He is a boy who deceived the eyes of the elf guards who protected the forest and even entered the garden of the hidden moon goddess with the favor of the spirits.

It was so natural that he would not have seen it if he hadn't been there by chance.

The forest was filled with curiosity for her, as there was a fault line to wander around on her own and go out if other beings came in.

"I want to find out."

"Yuria, my dear friend, what do you mean?"

The voice of the elf man who talked to her mumbling woke her from the thought.

She smiled with a fine sweep of her sky-blue hair.

The man in front of me was not exactly the elf of this town.

She is one of the highest priests of Elvenheim, the last city of elves like her, and her teacher, who is known to have no one to follow in the spirit magic of the elf.

How would he react if he told him what he saw?

He doesn't even show much surprise at such things, so he will be surprised at them.

I suddenly became curious.

So, she decided to ask.

"Madis, my teacher."

"What's bothering you?"

She smiled brightly at the soft man's question.

Even the elves with excellent aesthetic consciousness were beautiful and innocent smiles that made them blush.

"Why aren't you drinking tea?"

"......."

However, what worries her most was that her teacher did not drink the tea that she carefully brewed rather than telling him about the human boy.

After finding the body of a crickets with plump skin, the wings were separated and dried for more than a week.

But my teacher ignores that sincerity!

"Yeah... Yuri. Actually, I don't feel very well."

She opened her eyes wide at the words of Medis, who sounded sick.

It was a bit exaggerated, but it felt cute and innocent.

"Oh, that's a big deal. I just happened to have a new menu that I developed while walking around the forest. It's good for digestion..."

"Oh... no!"

"Huh... it works fine."

She was a Maddie who was scared out.

Although she was once beaten for forgetting her student's habit, her desire for beauty and health was very heterogeneous, unlike the elf, who sought harmony.

An elf who would eat anything as long as it tasted good and healthy. It wasn't his disciple and the girl with the sky-blue hair in front of her.

"My teacher."

At a moment in trouble, Medis realized that the tone of the Yurya Helicana calling him had changed slightly.

"What's going on?"

"Just in case. Would it be more likely that humans who went into the garden of the moon's goddess, deceiving the eyes of the elves, communicate with the natural spirits?"

"Yuri, what's that......"

"Or is it likely that a great being woke up after a long time?"

He had a smiling face, but he didn't feel playful. Medis, who was silent about her question, soon rose slowly from her seat, facing her eyes.