47 # 47

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the 22nd installment in the second volume.

'They're gonna go for it.'

Is that a great person who will make you even blink?

'No way.'

"Maybe the rumor has spread out, so you'll be busy buying things right away."

"What?"

I've spread the rumor, so wouldn't I expect that much?

"However, can we just welcome him? Tell him I was sick from overwork."

Well, you're... ...the money ghost stuck to you.

Amy tilted her head as if she didn't understand what I meant, but Persec, who was dozing off on an old desk in her office, smiled as if she understood what I meant in her sleep.

* * *

I have seen many cases where the price balance of goods that are in demand is reversed as supply increases.

Of course, if it was distributed without any restrictions, the price would have gone down sharply.

Who do you want?

At least I have no intention of contributing to this world by burning myself up.

My first priority is my comfort. my future

The rest is next.

In a way, it will be a natural result.

Everything changed a few days after the news broke.

The land, which had been quiet, has become crowded with merchants and those who came to check the leaves of the moon somehow.

The Hines estate has become unavailable to all except for a space for only 200 people to live in.

Hundreds of people came into such a place, and the land was literally being destroyed.

"Well... Degradation! I'll see you outside! ...."

I kept my eyes on the book at Amy's cry to report to me in a hurry.

"You're quick-footed people."

"Uh... what do you want me to do?"

"What do I do, I'm sick. Tell them we can't meet because we can't go on a trip because we haven't recovered yet."

"Well, it's, I've already told you, can't you check the item somehow?"

The demand for the moon's pool is higher than expected.

As soon as the news was just heard, a large number of people from the top of the neighboring country, the tower branch, and the alchemist branch gathered.

I could see how popular the moon grass was because I could see even the people of the small temple without stopping there.

'Keep him in suspense.'

The fact that the moon grass, which had been imported in small quantities from the West, was cultivated in the East will prove to be a great excitement.

They're actually expensive, but they're just saying they can buy it with the boat if they'really, what more can they say?

Of course, it wasn't that I didn't really give anything up.

There was nothing good for me to suspect that it was a lie.

"Amy, bring in Monmidor and Bernil."

She carried out my orders quickly.

The face of the vigilante who suddenly became distracted by the sudden increase in the number of people, or the face of Monmidor, who is now the captain of the guard, looked quite haggard, and the same was the case with Bernil.

"Everyone's having a hard time. Let's just hang in there a little longer."

"No, it's not. It's a matter of course."

"That's right. It's been a while since so many people came to this land."

They smiled at their words.

"Let's take care of it one by one. Watchmen... no, we're gonna call them guards. What about the security of the guards?

"I'm busy at first, but frankly, it's far from enough. It's not easy to manage because there are so many people."

"That's the same with the paper. There are many cases where there are no clear manuals yet, so there are a lot of confusion."

"Get rid of everyone if they think they're suspicious."

"Are you all right?"

"It would be safer than a big accident with a bunch of good guys."

As long as the full moon is not just a favorite item, the position of A is always with me.

There was virtually no reason to look at their situation one by one now.

Of course, they won't be antagonized if they mix good and bad with good intentions rather than being frivolous to buy them.

"What's your problem?"

"We've been renovating and cleaning buildings that the people of the province have left behind, but they're far from sufficient."

"What's the tent I asked you to pay for? Let's just roughly make that and sell it at least after making a temporary accommodation. You may hit the price."

"Oh... I'll take care of it right away."

I called for Monmidor over Bernille, who went straight out.

"Monmeeder."

"Yes, lord."

"There are probably many people who want to contact you."

"What?"

"Bribery, everything. In other words, there will be a lot of money because of the tower or the pension school. It'll be a bit of money if you pack everything."

"What?"

Even though I have a chance to touch a lot of money, I don't stop!

"Pretend you can't win and show me this. You can do it, right?"

What I put out was a glass case that was stored in luxury.

Inside it was the grassy leaves of the moon that I had picked and packed.

The grassy leaves of the fully grown moon were emitting light on their own.

It was a very feeble light, but it was a light that could reveal its presence alone if left alone in a dark place.

"Oh... ..."

It would have been the first time for them to see finely wrapped leaves because of their secret packaging.

"It's magical. Four in one case."

Monmidor gulped at my words.

"One hundred gold."

It was a very greedy thing for him to know how much the money was worth.

But he soon removed greed from his eyes.

He has a lot of vigilant.

He was such a smart man.

"I'm not giving it to you for sale. Just show them. To spread the rumor. Our goal is to make them stay here for the longest period while raising the value of the goods as much as possible."

Young Jimin got more money.

Eat pheasants and eggs.

Maybe we'll have a branch here.

the Temple, the Tower, the Alchemy School

And to the top of the top.

Whatever it is, it's a good reaction.

"Hahaha."

As a smile came out of itself, only the quiet sigh of Persec could be heard.

* * *

Monmieder, who questioned whether his new lord, Davy, would actually be so, frowned slightly on migraines caused by the surge in work.

It has been a quiet land.

As there were more than 200 people at the most, they only knew those who knew them, and there were no more.

Of course, Goblin came in, but it would somehow be prevented by vigilantes.

by the way

I'm too busy!

The number of vigilantes, or those who have become guards, is only about 40.

With that number, it is not easy to manage security among the countless people who have come to the land.

Is that all?

Lord Berman's harsh teachings, which he once trained his guards as a captain of the guard, never stopped.

If I had stayed here, it wouldn't have been a problem.

But Prince Davy, the lord, didn't stop there and sent him to Colonel Vernil with a girl named Amy, who was his exclusive maid of honor.

Then they even taught classes on professional administrative tasks.

That’s right.

The new lord was a man of great ability and incredible work.

'I won't tell you much. I'll give you some advice so you can figure it out and realize it yourself.'

It was much better than those who wrapped everything up by themselves, but in the current situation, I just wanted to put everything down and rest.

I'm complaining of being full.

"Oops, you're the leader now, aren't you? You have a visitor."

"Guys?"

"Yes, he's from the tower..."

"Whoa... Let's meet."

Although he was a commoner, he was able to be knighted thanks to Davy's authority.

A rank-and-file knight will be awarded from Baron Jun to his own masterpiece at the highest.

In the case of Monmidor, the lowest-class aristocrat named Baron Jun, but considering his life as a commoner, he was a great success.

'Work hard, I'll give you a promotion as soon as I get the number.'

I felt my lord's words hum in my head.

Of course, it's a little less than the level of a rank-and-file player, but already, experience and wit are more than just a rank-and-file player.

He breathed in briefly, warming up with tension.

It is an old and worn-out building, but it was a valuable home for vigilantes who have protected the land for a long time.

As I headed to the drawing room with stiff steps, I saw a man wearing an antique robe waiting for him.

He is in his mid to late 40s.

He was a man of considerable age.

"Thank you for waiting. I'm Mon Meere, the captain of the guard who became a regular reporter."

"Nice to meet you. The Green Horse Tower's fourth-class Expert. It's called Hallas."

Grade IV Expert

The four-circle expansion wizard is divided into grades 1 through 9.

Of course, it's superficial and the water supply is divided into three levels: Beginner, Expert, and Master.

It was clear that the fourth-class Expert was not so high or too low in the tower.

Of course, he is also a wizard of a very high position to personally visit Yeongji, who can only be called a "kangchon" after a cold evaluation.

A magician must be a very valuable resource on the continent.

"Well, I don't know if it's inconvenient to have so many people coming without any connection..."

"No, no, there were no guests except Hallas IV."

"I see!"

Was the answer satisfactory?

He gave a satisfactory smile.

"You must be confused by the sudden rush of people into the small territory, but the security management was perfect. I heard that Lord Yun had been guarding the territory alone even before he took office."

In fact, they were doing a good job of cracking down on each other, but there was no reason to bring it up.

"It's the grace of the lord."

Monmidor was quite a smart man.

Realizing the meaning of what he was about to say, he had a hard time smiling.

"Huh, since such a brave man is in charge of the guard, Prince Davy, the lord of the kingdom, must be reassured."

"Ha-ha, you're just a knight. That's a big compliment."

You can be treated anywhere if you're an average engineer.However, it is not likely that he will be kicked in the eyes of a fourth-class expat.

The tower is a group independent of the state.

In fact, the driver and the wizard were not very close.

"Well, I'm afraid I'm having a hard time treating you while I'm busy."

"No, I'm not. Although I've taken over most of my work now, I'm also managing my territory's internal affairs under your orders. If it's related, I'll come forward."

"Ha-ha, you're managing the security of the land, and you're managing the internal affairs!"

You don't put a single spit on your mouth and your flattery continues.