48 # 48

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the 23rd installment of the second volume.

The expression of Monmidor's face, which was slowly getting bitter above, was subtly frowned.

"So, what brings you here?"

"Oh, actually, I have to see the Lord in a hurry."

He coughed briefly.

"The house where the lord lives is now tightly closed... ..how can we not meet him?"

As Davy said.

I'll try to meet him somehow.

Of course the answer was fixed.

"That's... it's a little hard. My lord is ill from overwork. You've come from far away, but..."

"Huh... I'm sorry to hear that..."

"I'm sorry. The business of Yeongji is important, but your safety is the most important to us."

"I understand. The health of a group leader is always important."

Laughing, Halas swept down his beard.

"But the green tower is also not a very relaxed situation... what can we do?"

He took a small pocket out of his arms and held it in Monmidor's hand. Just by looking at it, I could see that the contents of the inside of the pocket were gold balls.

a group full of money

a tower class

"Oh! What is this? We don't accept requests!"

Really, for a very short time, I was greedy to wash my mouth, but I shook my head soon. My owner, Davy, ordered me to take a bribe anyway.

It's money that comes in even if you don't do anything behind your back.

"Huh, a little bit of sincerity. It's not that much, so please accept it as a gift. It's because I want to make friends with my monmeeder."

"Huh!"

Despite Mon Mider's sighing behavior as if he was in trouble, he pushed his pocket into his arms as if he was asked to receive it unconditionally.

"A little bit of sincerity. A little bit of sincerity. Hm! I don't want anything from you."

"Huh... I'm not supposed to be the recipient of this..."

"Oh, how can I pretend not to know that such a brilliant knight has suffered because of us?"

The deftly speaking he grinned. He looked as if he really had no intention.

"It really works like the lord said..."

Unlike Hallas, Monmidor laughed in his mind as he remembered the words of David, the lord who became his master.

It's a bunch of groups. I'm sure they're all anxious because they haven't meet me. Perhaps the target is the easiest to meet and will be you, who is my confidant and who works outside.'

That's what he said.

"I could hold a bribe and squabble. Pick a good one from there. The squeaky Gwynwicists report the names, and the bribe-takers just take what they give. That's how people live anyway.'

Everything is a big picture.

In this phenomenon that followed what he said, Monmidor began to doubt whether the 16-year-old, or now seventeen-year-old boy, was really.

* * *

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

Even though he shook his head saying no, Monmidor looked around with a false cough and hid his pockets.

"Hmm! Well, I'll take it for you."

"That's enough. I don't want anything from my captain of the guard."

While saying that, his eyes were uniformly filled with aspirations.

Usually, the lieutenant general of the land is a low rank, so it is not usually an excellent position enough for a mid-level wizard like Halas to meet him recklessly, but it was different now.

"Huh... but how can I just let it go? By the way, you said you wanted to see the Lord over the leaves of the moon."

"You don't have to mind."

"Sigh... I can't let you meet because the Lord is ill..."

"It's really difficult. I wish I could get any information about the item or the related information."

"Huh."

When the sighing Mon Midas looked shaky, the fourth-class Hallas grinned.

"In fact, the tower is very excited about the business of the Hines. No matter what anyone says, isn't it the only attempt to grow grass on the moon in the East? Maybe the tower will give you the equivalent gift..."

Monmidor opened his eyes slightly wide, pretending to worry about the end of his words all the time.

"I'm the lord's mistress. I'm not particularly greedy for personal gain."

"I believe so. I don't say anything else because I think the First impression of Monmeeder is a man of integrity and honesty."

"Huh, you let me go too far. Well, yes, look at this."

He smiled as if he had prepared a small case.

"The truth is... ..we've finished harvesting and packing. This is the thing. Well, Youngjoo would say that it's for sale anyway, so I'm showing you something."

"Huh... this is."

The eyes flashed and Hallas' fourth-class rolled his eyes rolled.

It's level one! The quality of the best in the East is almost indescribable! The efficiency is more than double that of the West!'

It is not grown that much in the West Continenthusiasticity.

It is already known that the frequency of use varies depending on the quality of the same product.

There was no reason to send good quality to the East continent, as it was an important leaf of the moon, regardless of the East and West.

'Quality is good. At this rate, we have to bribe them to get priority!'

"Hmm!"

Of course I couldn't make it obvious.

"It's such a good quality to shine so softly. That's great!"

Monmidor began to chatter as if he had felt better at his selfless admiration.

"Yes, it was raised by the Lord himself. Most of them maintain this quality. Anything less than that..."

Hallas grumbled at the sight of him blurring the end of his words.

"I'm sorry, but I've disposed of them all and turned them into manure."

"I can't... What a waste..."

"There are about 10,000 other products that we have prepared for sale."

The fourth-class Hallas looked sad. There are still a lot of them.

But I dare to throw away half the number.

I heard that Prince Davy, the lord of this place, was only 17 years old, and his determination was amazing.

Even if the quality is poor, the price of the moon's grass leaves is normal.

In fact, they had no choice but to think so because they did not know that the full leaves of the moon were the best manure for the same species to grow.

"Since I'm your confidant, I've heard this and that. I heard that the lord is putting it up for auction."

Have you ever heard of an on-site auction?

This means that they sell it to those who pay the most. It is usually seen in fish and agricultural markets.

"Uh... On-site auction."

It was sold like a high-quality brand because it was a high-end product, but they were honestly embarrassed to sell it like a fish in the fish market.

"Well, it's not the details. However, it is intended to minimize the bubbles in the interim distribution process by selling it directly. And it also means that you will continue to sell it later."

"Well... I see. So... ..there's a priority."

"There's nothing I can say about that."

"No, I've given you this much advanced information. What more do I want? I'll do this in the next green tower."

"If you will."

What are you thinking inside?

Monmidor smiled awkwardly and held his hand in contact with the behavior of Hallas, the fourth-class wizard of the green tower, who stood up satisfactorily and asked for a handshake.

Then he sighed as soon as he had let him go.

Then, he wiped off his messy and greedy expression that he had just seen.

"Wow... this really works."

* * *

There are many different kinds of towers.

a red tower that studies the magic of fire a blue tower dealing with the magic of water

The fourth-class wizard who first came to bribe. Even the green tower, which is a research tower specializing in the wind system that Hallas belongs to.

There are quite a few known towers.

Starting with Halas from the green tower, Monmieder met many people.

Of course, even if the full leaves of the moon were excellent, nothing was immediately confirmed, but not all organizations could come to this faraway land.

As of now, there are a total of three towers have been identified.

There are four pension schools and seven upper middle and upper classes. In addition, there are many small and medium-sized organizations.

Since it is a huge organization in terms of the amount of money it has, of course, the number of bribes that went into Monmieder was amazing.

"That's how people live."

Monmidor, who had been drooping with a haggard look at my words, smiled awkwardly.

"Lord. How did you know that?"

"What?"

"This is how they'll come out."

"It's obvious. That's how people live. It's not like there's no golden almighty."

Long live the golden almighty, which is used everywhere, regardless of age.

What I saw wasn't much of a game of life.

It's just that they naturally induced the situation by offering items that they can't tempt, that they can't enter in any other way.

You told me to row when the water comes in.

A boatman must know how to row.

"That's amazing."

"What do you think? What about the bribes you received from them?

He gave me a curious look on my words.

"That... that..."

"You didn't mean to do it by yourself, did you?"

"He... can't be!"

I said with a flash of eyes, and he gave me the box he had brought with fright.

"Here you are."

"Take it as a bonus."

"What?"

"The pain is done by the guards and the captain of the guards. Divide it in moderation and take it away."

"You're not taking it?"

It's a lot of money. Even with a small bribe, the value of the items in each of those small pockets would be unusual, considering the state of the money handed to them.

His embarrassment is evident on his face when he is willing to give it up.

"It's good to be able to buy a favor with that money."

"Well, degradation!"

Monmeeder's eyes are very burdensome as if he was moved.

Considering the fanaticism that the people of the province send to me now, it is virtually unnecessary, but it was not the money I needed.

Most of the profits I sold by auctioning off the leaves of the moon are my money.

"I'm touched by this and I don't have anything to do. They are rewarded for their efforts for the land."

"Oh, I got it!"

"Don't monopolize it alone, coordinate and share it so that you don't complain."

"Yes, sir!"

Looking at him with his head down, smiling, I stretched lightly.

It is a good idea to collect money that has been received as a bribe, but there was no reason to be in such a hurry as to be in a hurry.

If not then, when will money buy the people's hearts?