44 # 44

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the 19th installment of the second volume

"Monmeeder."

"Yes, yes?"

When I called him with a blank face, his eyes returned with a surprise.

"I'll leave the role of managing and supervising the work to you."

"Ma... leave it to me!"

Monmidor was a vigilant man, never an idiot.

No matter how hard it is to believe the reality in front of us, we have not been unable to judge the situation.

"At least you'll take better care of it than I do."

He asked me carefully about what I said.

"Well... my lord."

"Hmm?"

"But what are you going to plant here..."

He judged that there would be a lack of wheat seedlings bought in advance as he cleared a very large piece of land at once.

He didn't know the situation, but he seemed to wonder as if I was filling something right away.

"I think we need to do something to make poor land rich quickly."

He rolled his eyes at my question.

"That's... ..."

"I'm going to plant the moon grass. All over here."

You mean the glue on the moon?"

He looked like he had misheard what I said, but I didn't explain it any more.

demanding weather conditions plants impossible to grow in the East because of changes in temperature

On such a topic, the moon's grass is imported expensive from the western part of the continent, as it should be used in the masturbation, alchemist schools, and in the temples that make portions.

Not only is the price expensive, but the volume is low, so the competition rate is not normal, but the blue ocean of the agricultural industry!

Normally, it's impossible to imagine, but...

The moon's grass can be transformed into a weather-friendly environment.

Of course, everyone except me is worried because they don't know that I can change the weather and conditions of the land.

"Lord. With all due respect, the grass of the moon does not grow in these distinct seasons."

Right. It only grows on the west side of the tropical continent.

"It's okay. The sky is so sweet that it's going to be tropical for a while."

He looked ridiculous at what I said, but he didn't explain anymore.

"So, all we have to do is find a place where the vegetarians in the forest live?"

Cursors are stubborn, and she doesn't really like the picky race. It's best not to get involved.

"So do I."

Yes, the problem was that the courtier Apolon was from the elf.

"He disgraced his own race."

I don't want to be so close to him just by looking at his actions that remain in your memory.

The quivering face of Persec is sincere.

A man doesn't know, but he's too strong for a woman to show a disgusting repulsion.

Climbing on the horse, I immediately ran straight to the forest full of goblin.

* * *

a transparent recording

Unlike other forests, someone came to this place, which is a beautiful view as if it was blessed by the Spirit.

It was a man wearing a green robe.

"May the protection of nature be with you, I have heard of your visit at the call of the Spirit. Medis."

"May the protection of nature be with you, and forgive your rude visit without even a stovepipe. ID Yuria."

The girl quietly smiled helplessly at the old blonde.

"I always welcome my teacher's visit. Come on in. We have good tea leaves."

A man named Medis quietly sat on a chair made of tree stump and looked at the girl in front of his eyes.

The sparkling green-eyed girl with sparkling sky-blue hair and emerald color was indeed a girl of great beauty.

He is in his late teens.

However, their outward appearance was not an indicator of age for them, who do not grow old until they die after adulthood.

In fact, the girl with the relaxed look in front of her was the head of the people who lived in this forest.

those who believe in the protection of spirits with forests as their home

And, unlike humans, people with long ears are none other than forest species.

They were called Elf.

"Yuri, my best friend. I had a dream."

Medis, who was looking at the teacup, immediately took out his main point as if he was frustrated.

"Dream, my teacher. What kind of dream did you come all the way here in such a hurry?"

He bit his lips tightly when asked by leisurely Yuri.

"It was a dream that there was a curse of spirits in this forest. "My best friend, Yuri,"

At the words of Medis, Eurya remained silent.

"My teacher said a long time ago. The work of the Spirit is the providence of nature. It's like a natural phenomenon."

"Yuria... that's...

Uria, who looked at Medis with a gloomy face, looked as if she would cry right away.

"The forest is drying up. Now this forest is wrong. Everyone goes back to the old tree. To our hometown."

"My teacher, Medis."

Yuria grinned at Medis' words.

"Now this is where we're from. It doesn't want me anymore."

"Uria..."

"However, you'd better take the others here. They will not be cursed by the Spirit."

He had maintained a minimal level of calm just a moment ago.

"If we stay here, we may all die."

"He is also nature's providence."

Medis sighed at the frustrating relaxed look.

To him, Uria just looked across the forest and murmured helplessly.

"You never know. Somebody's gonna save this place. The wind is strong. That's a sign of a good meeting."

"That's... ..."

"By the way, does the crickets' wings taste good? It was his own work."

"Poo-poof!

At the words of Uriah, Medis spat out what was in his mouth, forgetting his dignity.

Then he looked at her with a black, dead face.

I forgot why she was called a psycho, or heretic, among the elves.

Yuria, who smiled brightly, had a bright smile that was really harmless.

"The wind is strong. I think a noble man is coming today."

19. Grow a lump of money!

Four... four... four...

The tranquil forest path was not even felt to be popular.

Originally, it was a forest where wild animals lived, but recently it was a place where the seeds of wild animals dried up as the Goblin settled down.

Of course, the forest was quiet because the Goblin led the vigilantes to sweep it away once.

But it's amazing, I didn't think this forest was just a mountain behind, but even the elf was home.

Elves are an extremely rare species even on the continent.

Basically, it is because there are not many elves left on the continent.

In addition, since most of the elves have disappeared from the continent since the large-scale incident more than 300 years ago, few people have actually seen the species, so many do not even know if they exist.

The Sioux, Orcs, and Dwarf would be better.

The Suin people are not many, but they have excellent natural physical abilities and are often hired as mercenaries in many kingdoms.

Dwarf is one of the most interactive species with tremendous technology.

On the contrary, the forest fairy did not.

'It's not good to be too good at anything.'

a race of beauty

These elves who lived in the forest were so beautiful in appearance that they became numerous hunters.

It was a simple story, if simple.

As such, it is the forest fairies that are hard to find.

But not long after I came here, I realized their existence.

"Um... I think it was about here."

Looking into the calm forest, I picked up a stone from the floor.

Then, he looked around as if he was aware of the surroundings and threw stones into the air, where there was nothing.

It wasn't that fast or strong because it was a light stone thrown, but the mana around it was extremely heterogeneous.

Chew!

At the same time, the stone flew into the air and disappeared with a light spark.

At the same time, the gentle wind began to blow in the direction of the stones as if the alarm had sounded.

It was a wind that could feel the power of the spirits.

It is natural that the forest is a forest of elves who live as friends with spirits.

I'd prefer not to meet you, but if you get the seedlings of the moon, you can run into the elves.

"We'll go where we meet."

It's not strange when an arrow flies, but it couldn't help but get scared.

He took a light step over the light-wavelength.

* * *

E.L.F.'s forest has a different ecology from the general forest.

Is it because the density of the spirits' power is overwhelmingly different from other places?

"It's a great forest."

There are many mysterious plants and trees that are not usually found in the human realm.

Before crossing the tent, this place, which was like a typical forest, had become a completely separate place.

The forest, which was full of blue skies and recordings, was filled with delicate, mysterious powder of purple light.

Then, something feeble between them began to look blurry.

The spirit is not fully visible because of the failure to sign the spirit contract. Of course, I found this place because I could feel its existence.

Spirits are curious and free.

It was after I found out that there was an E.L.F. forest here because I was caught by some people who couldn't overcome their curiosity when leading the vigilante group to punish the Goblin.

There must be something I want here, considering the memory of Persec and the story of the Elf Forest I heard from the courtier Apolon.

However, can you recognize the appearance of the moon's flowers bearing the seeds of the moon's grass? She doesn't even know that.

"I know that, Apolon. He used to say everything when he drank."

I said that I would disgrace all my race, but I didn't hate him. The deep resentment that arose while talking to him is also a memory.

As I walked quietly with my footsteps dead, I looked around and saw animals that were not wary of being human.

Elkredi with a larger horn than a regular deer. Fairy Dragon, symbiotic with spirits and herbivores.

"No matter how small a forest is, it means everything is there."

When I reached out to Elkdier, who looked at me with innocent eyes, they came up one by one and began rubbing their heads in my hands. They were quite friendly, perhaps because of the Elves' hands.

But they don't know the difference between humans and elves.