46 # 46

The Manreb hero is coming back!

The 21st Episode 2

"It's more like the latter. It's been a long time since the dragon disappeared. In human history, it's just a legend of the past. But they do exist."

Medis, who spoke calmly, reached out to the teacup, flinched and bit his hand.

"But human beings are impossible. Their natural affinity isn't that good. Although weirdoes exist, they're not enough to see the natural spirits."

"I suppose so."

"They have a tendency to be confused, and they have a harder time building natural affinity than our elves."

At his words, Uriah Helicana smiled with no regret.

"I'm leaving town soon."

"Yuri, my best friend. What's that......"

"I think I've found a way to save the town. Of course, don't worry. I'll stabilize the town and leave."

At her words, Medis remained silent for a long time.

* * *

The Englishmen did better than expected.

Did you say that the more employees with passion, the better the company develops?

It didn't seem to make much difference between the Earth and here in the Tionis continent.

"Explain why the three-day workload is almost finished in half a day."

Monmidor smiled a little awkwardly at my words.

"It's... ..that they will repay the grace they have received from the Lord..."

I know the pattern of a person who cannot control his or her power when he or she gains too much power, but the time has been shortened because he or she worked at a speed that exceeded my expectations.

It's not bad for immediate gains, but in the long run...

'To be honest, it's a loss.'

He looked at me curiously as he took a small pocket out of his arms and held it out to him.

"Put this in exactly a week. Don't spray it like salt, just leave it at a proper distance."

What I gave was a small pocket.

Is this all you got? He checked his pocket with the expression, and soon opened his eyes wide as if he was surprised by the magic of expanding the space.

"Oh... my lord, this is..."

"The Moon Grass, or, to be exact, a flower seedling. That's also from the country of origin, so the quality is better."

"What... what?""

Of course, it is harder to get than leaves. He seemed quite surprised at the sight of me saving it casually.

"Ha...... but we're not going to grow the moon grass......"

"It's here."

I haven't been playing with Ma Jeong-seok for the past week.

"Really... this will work? This is in the realm of human beings..."

After reading the pile of papers I handed over, Monmidar looked surprised.

In the pile of documents, there was a detailed way to manage the pool of the moon.

I was thinking about making this.

"I'm sorry, I'm not afraid I don't believe your word......"

"Honestly, I can't believe it, it's a dying land anyway, so trust me and bet on it. Can't you help me if I'm touched by heaven?"

He couldn't understand my smile but didn't have to distrust me.

First of all, those who are wary tend to be cautious.

I didn't know that once I started to believe such a personality, it gave me quite a lot of trust.

* * *

As the vigilante began to plant the grass of the moon, or, to be exact, the seedlings of the moon, a mysterious voice came out from all over the land.

What on earth did I plant, or would that really grow?

He seemed to have considered it that way.

Unlike other flowers, moon flowers take four to five months to fully grow.

To be honest, it was my first time trying it, but I didn't tend to prepare thoroughly in my own way.

Fortunately, I was now a commoner who showed almost blind faith in what I do, so I did not express much dissatisfaction with Yeongju's unidentified business promotion.

In the present situation, I haven't taken anything out of their lives.

Taxes also had to be collected when Young Ji-min had enough room to live on.

Elements necessary for the growth of the moon's flowers in memory.

Weather changes, temperatures, and weather conditions make the moon's grass the best to grow.

Originally, the power of the spirit should be applied to make the flowers bloom, but it was safe to say that the power of the spirit was not needed as it is the leaves, not the buds.

Of course, he did not forget to surround the whole thing with a big purpose, as it would be difficult for external elements to be carried out recklessly.

"Down."

"What's going on?"

"Are you sure this is okay? Because I don't have the technology to grow the moon's grass..."

"What do you want to know?"

"It's... the leaves are slowly drying up..."

"The sky is so sweet that it will rain soon."

Monmidas with a puzzled expression on my words.

However, his expression changed completely to the drizzle that poured out the next day as soon as it became the next day, and he opened his mouth as if he was surprised.

"Down. The temperature is hotter than I thought..."

The next day, a cool breeze blows all over the flower bed where the moon flowers are planted from dawn.

.......

Now, as if he had lost his word, Monmidor no longer worried about it and reported only what he needed.

as such

As the situation remained unknown, four months have already passed.

* * *

For nearly four months, I have put most of my attention on the side of the land reclamation of new farmland by the people of the province, or to the goblins who are likely to invade it again.

The Goblin are so stupid that they will fight back to plunder their food.

It's often called baldness.

"Where did you learn to say that?"

I learned from you.

"Yes..."

I feel a strange sin to see him looking up at me because he is so pale.

The reality is that I lived many times longer than I did, but the appearance of a girl as small as my hands does not change.

It was also a moment when the wasteland with nothing became a huge garden and a flower bed of the moon's flowers, which were precious in the East Continent, surrounding a huge wooden fence.

Although there were few healthy moon flowers that grew healthy enough to take care of the seedlings, the number of leaves that could be sold on the market has increased significantly.

"100 gold coins for one flower."

It is a rare flower.

The time it took to grow this much was also time, and its scarcity made the grass of the moon in the eastern continent much more expensive than that of the Western continent, which is actually native to the continent.

"Maybe the market in the East will change.'

It made me feel comfortable just to watch the moon's grass grow enough to hold dozens of carts, which no one can blame even if it receives more than 10 times its cost due to its scarcity and value.

If you sell them all, something interesting will happen.

"That's right."

However, this time, he had no intention of hiding his embarrassment like Ma Jeong-seok.

I didn't grow moon flowers for nothing. In the process, there is no such thing as blocking the leakage of information about the growth of the moon's flowers.

Rumors that I had come here and started growing the moon's flowers must have spread like wildfire.

But they all snorted together.

It's a flower that can never grow in the East, where the season is clear.

Everyone would have laughed at Prince One, who was demoted to the wilderness, for finally losing his mind.

I wouldn't have chosen a way to make money this easily if it wasn't for the huge curse on the land.

Rumors that had spread according to my intentions soon led to rumors that I, the first prince, was a baby boy who clung to impossible things.

It's been good so far.

"Well, then, it's time to flip it over."

If the project had been carried out quietly so as not to be rumored, there might have been some people trying to interfere.

But from the moment they were rumored to be growing the moon grass without any defense or countermeasures, I became a rare fool who didn't deserve to care.

This method doesn't work more than twice.

"So you have to pull out the mulberry at once."

Then he looked at the pile of papers in front of me.

The cultivation of the moon's grass was successfully completed, but it was neatly stored and packaged in a warehouse in Yeongju City.

"Come on, let's turn the continent upside down."

Smells like money.

As if my words were a switch.

In just a few days, surprising news began to spread throughout the East.

In the dying wasteland, the Hines estate.

It's raining a little bit now, but it's going to take another 10 to 20 years to get back on track.

It was reported that he succeeded in growing the precious grass of the moon in large quantities, which was difficult to find because there were no goods.

It's a pity that I didn't see people who thought they would fail for granted.

20. Shipments! Overturned!

The grass of this moon is so greedy that it is dangerous to grow it in a dense manner if the spirit is not strong.

But what's left of me is the ground.

"The total number of full leaves of the month loaded in the warehouse is about 20,000."

Amy has reported with a slight frown whether she has a headache due to the recent increase in learning.

He followed me to this remote place without any complaints, so I have to guarantee this much.

A total of four leaves come from a single flower on the moon.

The seeds of the moon's flowers are tired of several flowers, with one seed growing five to six branches.

As a result, about 10,000 flowers were first bloomed, but there were also trials and errors.

To be exact, it was a lack of technology.

Even though I've heard this and that from Apolon, the only elf in the corridor, I didn't grow flowers.

As a result, about 5,000 of them survived.

That's as good as it really is.

Based on the current market price, all four leaves are 100 gold coins.

If you select the items that represent the value of the product out of 20,000 sheets, you will be able to sell them at the end of the year.

25 gold per sheet. If you sell 10,000 copies at a reasonable price, it's 250,000 gold.

It was a harvest of 5,000 platinum coins.

How much?

A gold will give a commoner's family enough money to make a living for 15 days.

the case of a relatively wealthy commoner If you are relaxed, you can get 4 to 5 golds a month.

'Oh, my God.'

I think that amount is really huge.

The moon's grass leaves flow out of the continent about twice a year.

The amount is not small, but it must be quite insufficient for the East and West continents to use evenly.

Magic, or the main ingredient of an alchemy catalyst. It's also used as a material for the position in the temple. The guys who were zoning out with their bags of money are drooling.