43 # 43

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the 18th installment of the second volume

Whoo...

It took me a week to watch the changes in the stones as big as my shining fist at my fingertips.

It's... it's kind of amazing.

"How much force did he condense?"

The curse that the great Ma Jeong-seok uttered killed the land.

But it's practically impossible to get rid of what's there.

As such, the huge Majeongseok did not extinguish the ground's base, but was extremely condensing it in one place that prevented it from coming out.

In the case of the Hines estate, most of the intellectual power was concentrated deep underground.

If you raise your intellect to the ground, everything will be solved.

Where was that power?

Tens of thousands of years of charged power does not go anywhere. Besides, the size is...

A week

The seemingly dry sand and cracked land are still visible, but it's time to plant simple crops in just a week.

It's still a hard land, so you have to turn the ground upside down to plant something, but it wasn't that difficult.

This Majeongseok I have is literally a simple situation board.

In other words, it was a tool that allowed people to check the status of their failure and other conditions by checking information at any time by maintaining a distance from the Majeongseok planted in the land mass of each region.

And, although it is still a little unstable, Mana arrangement could be controlled remotely to change the weather conditions of the land.

A human being is a creature that develops because it is annoying.

I don't want to go to the historical site every time, so I'll find a way to change it to a finger flicker from afar.

Ma Jung-seok's power is great, but you're not normal either.

"Ma-jeongseok is a product that has a huge range of uses."

Moreover, if the size is the size of a fist, it goes without saying the power.

"For the time being, I'll have to use my expansion pocket."

The magic pearl carved in a small pocket, and the power of Ma Jeong-seok inside it, which is only the size of my hand, but the space inside has gained nearly hundreds of pyeong of land.

You will be the only one who uses Ma Jeongseok, which is worth a lot of money even if you sell just one. This is a waste of resources.

As Percerk said, it's a real waste.

But I can't even sell it now anyway.

"Let's think of it as an investment. We can sell it if we have a way to deal with it later."

It is a good thing that we are building a system that is impossible with mana stone.

It is not right to sell stocks or land as money.

"My cousin's stomach hurts when he buys land," he said, "If I start going out well, my eyes will gather and I'll be in trouble."

This is not a sweet phenomenon.

"Lowering, the temperature measurement you're talking about has been made..."

When Ma Jeong-seok was organized, pushed into a space expansion bag, and got up from his seat, the door opened as if he had waited, and Amy carefully held out her head.

"How many did you get?"

I said, Amy looked down at the document she was holding carefully.

It's usually right to receive and check it yourself, but I was going to make Amy take charge of the administration of this estate, not the exclusive poet.

There is no way to leave such a clean and developing company without any talented people.

"As the vigilantes investigated, the room temperature was 13 degrees..."

They seem to be saying it themselves but not believing it.

Not long ago, parts of the land, which had been going back and forth below freezing temperatures, began to warm up as if it had suddenly become a different world.

"That's perfect."

I burst out laughing.

You can't do farming because the land is frozen because it's still cold?

You can change the temperature.

What do you think? Easy, isn't it?

"Yeah, how many applicants did you get?"

All the vigilantes and some Young Ji-min gathered, except for the minimum number of people left to defend. There are about 60 people in total."

such zealots as these

I kicked my tongue inside, but I walked away without hesitation.

The temperature, precipitation, and the state of the earth can be changed freely.

You have this honey-like system, and you're going to farm with a regular farming?

That's impossible

If you want to make money quickly, there are only two ways.

"Tell them to bring the equipment they've already prepared. I'm going to start working right away."

overwhelming supplies. And, scarcity.

You're going to do both.

As he said.

* * *

It suddenly rains on the land of Memala.

And warm air began to circulate in the fields where the cold was blowing with a sharp wind.

The actual temperature checked, not the difference in feeling, is strictly the temperature of spring.

Shocked and suspicious of the sudden change in land, the people of the land, except for Monmidor, had already believed in the absurd hypothesis that I would have admired the sky.

"A lot of people are here."

Some of the people who gathered at my horse smiled.

"We can't let go of the Lord's work!"

"If you don't repay the lord's broad grace, it's a taboo."

There was an awkward smile at the old woman's words.

No, I'm going to work a little hard, but I don't know if it'll be okay.

As I turned my eyes without a word, I could see a familiar face.

Did you say Lini?

It was a little girl who had been taken away by the Goblin.

I told you to get treatment, and I didn't expect you to follow me here.

All the vigilantes had large hoes in their activities, not their usual weapons or armor.

"Well, first of all, our land is like clean water. At least there won't be any unpaid wages."

Those who didn't understand what I meant just stared at me, and those who understood laughed with joy.

"Don't laugh, get attached."

"Hahahaha!"

I shouldn't have said that.

Without a word, he looked up at the sky and looked at the wide-spread wasteland.

At first, it was hard and cracked and suspicious of whether the plant could grow, but it seemed to have recovered quite a bit.

To recover this much in just a week, the curse class of ancient civilization is definitely different in Majeongseok.

"What I'm trying to do from now on is simple. Yesterday, the knights must have drawn a boundary on the land around here. They clear up everything there."

Perhaps what I said was absurd, the eyes of Monmidor, who was standing beside me,

"If you can't, you can quit. He pays thoroughly."

There is a way even if none of Young Ji-min came out.

But if it comes out like this, I can only use it.

"The period is three days."

I'm more shocked by what I'm saying to Monmidor's face.

"I can guarantee you time to get off work, but that depends on how well you guys do."

At my words, Monmidor popped out in front of me.

"My Lord!"

"Hmm?"

"For all we know, no matter how suddenly the climate has changed and the ice on the ground has melted, clearing this vast land within three days... ..."

"It's the old farmhouse. There must be a basic framework."

"That's... ..."

The meaning of what he was trying to say was simple.

It demands too much labor.

"Ha-ha, I bet you're going to show me something again."

"How dare you do that?"

However, contrary to Mon Mider's words, vigilantes are just joking around and enjoying themselves.

"Huh...I didn't forget to bring the Goblin out of my lord's stock... by your grace, but... it's too much."

"Too much? Do you really think so?"

His face was stunned by my question.

You couldn't understand more than you knew I wasn't asking because I didn't know.

Ignoring him, who couldn't say anything and hesitated, I called for some of the young people.

"The captains clearly control the work."

"Yes!"

"Then let's get started."

As soon as I finished speaking, the light slowly began to spread around me, closing my eyes.

"Oh... my lord."

"Our Savior..."

"You got me!"

I think I've heard a little bit of a burdening word, but...

He's sleeping again.'

"I don't want to wake up even if I'm sleeping," he whines and wakes me up.

Then, he lightly extended his hand to some 60 Yeongji people gathered in front of him and performed just two simple magic tricks.

Strengthening strength and stamina.

However, this time, it does not stop there as it requires high labor.

[Strance]

.......

If you lack strength, you can stack them together. If you run out of energy, you can stack them together.

However, it is more difficult than imagining to overlay multiple magic, regardless of which magic is easy.

If the difficulty of overlapping is 1, it means that overlapping two times, two times twice, four times, and eight times, increases exponentially.

Overlapping more than three times is almost impossible, but all I have is skill and knowledge.

The total amount of divine power has now begun to be supported to some extent, so there is nothing that cannot be done.

What's left is skill...

This is a buff that you can't get anywhere else.

I wanted to hang up the buff efficiency amplification area like before, but I had to endure it because it would not be strange to use it on this large land because it would not be strange if it was used.

I wish Caldiras were here.'

You're looking at the S.D. as a sacred storehouse...

I could hear Persec's bored mutter, but I ignored it lightly.

"Wow!"

"I'm getting energized!"

Mon Mider's face was shocked at the sight of Young Ji-min roaring as if they were super-powerful batteries.

"What are you doing? Let's get to work. If you get caught fooling around, you'll get a pay cut."

I spoke lightly to them like that.

* * *

Monmidor, the vigilante, opened his mouth at the sight of the scene unfolding in front of his eyes.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

"TZUA!! Full of energy!!"

Punch, hit, hit!

"When I was young, I should have plowed my fields like this!"

I rub my eyes over and over again to believe what I see with my own eyes.

Even if it is a magic that raises the muscle a little bit, if it overlaps ten times, an elderly woman will be subsidized to lift a giant man and wield it like a twig.

A young boy who is struggling even if he runs a little bit due to his physical strength will be guaranteed to run a 42-kilogram marathon.

Fraudulent?

Try it.

"How's it going?"

Monmidor, who had a blank expression on my words, looked at me in surprise.

"Our land is a clean enterprise, and I'll give you a ridiculous challenge. The welfare of an office worker is the face of the company."

The analogy is that it's not a real company.

"How... how is this..."

You may have heard that I am a prince who has been scarred, and that I have strengthened the territorial people with mysterious power to capture the Goblin.

However, there is a difference between what you see and what you hear in personally hear.

You thought it was just over-packaged, but that's not the reality.

In fact, an old woman who came as an applicant is flying around a desolate field as if she had become a master of a hoe.

I grinned as I patted him on the back, hardened with consternation.

"Well, at this rate, it'll be over in three days, right?"

"Oh, my God..."

I didn't know that the reality I could see with my own eyes was so touching that I didn't know that he would shut his mouth open.