40 # 40

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the 15th installment of the second volume

"Hidden in a rock zone? You did a good job."

You have the makings of a child to burn her own heart.

"It's literally true. It was designed to force most of the natural phenomena related to climate and geology throughout this land."

Oh?

"To be honest, it's an unexpected idea."

Persek touched his chin as if he was interested in what I said.

Is it all the power of the curse that it doesn't rain or that it's being consumed by itself?

"Similar. First of all, there's only one effect of the curse I've found in my detoxification, maintaining a particular situation."

Although the word "maintain the situation" comes to be a little strange, if it unfolds for a long time in a certain area, it alone becomes a very scary and very dangerous curse.

Not to mention that it's a particular situation set up with malice.

In fact, the land was consumed by the continued drought and lack of circulation, thanks to the constant maintenance of everything except temperature for a long time.

If it's a curse function, it's already doing its job.

The man who created this curse probably intended to slow down the land of Hines and devastate it.

I wonder if the owner will be alive now.

What if you could control it, rearrange it, and modify it?

Earth, climate, temperature.

What if you could set a deadline and change it so that it could be adjusted?

It would not be strange to call it paradise magic, not curses.

Keeping warm temperatures and a certain amount of precipitation in certain areas is not a problem to grow special crops.

Thanks to the medium that controls the surrounding area, it can be stirred up to the inside of the basement, so it is not possible to find any undiscovered mines.

Is that all?

The temperature is as low as it is now, so even if winter comes when everyone has to wrap up to warm up, this young man will be able to maintain warm and quiet temperatures like spring and summer.

It is also possible as a tourist resort.

You can change the moisture in the air as you want, so if it goes my way, it could literally be seen as a high-end platinum platform prepared to take a leap forward.

For now, all of these are just hypotheses and not confirmed, but people can expect it in their lives.

I stood in front of a rock that looked tens of meters long, speaking calmly and stopping.

The arrow that was guiding me was pointing to this huge rock.

"Um... Is it here?"

It was a dead-end road, but I didn't disappoint and reached the surface of the rock.

Then, he slowly raised Manna as if he were moving in a certain pattern.

Whoo...

At the same time, the commander Manna, who stretched out on my hand, began to resonate with the wall as if he had become the key, and the hard rock began to suck me up as if it had become a black hole.

If I opened this door without knowing, I would have been quite embarrassed, but I felt more familiar to myself, who had seen similar things.

* * *

The inside of the rock was connected to a huge space.

To express the form in a word.

"History"?

The interior of the huge rock rock mountain had become an unexpected space.

The height of the huge corridor looked 5 meters low, and elaborate patterns were carved on the wall to convey an antique feeling.

In addition, even though it was a corridor that had to be dark without a single light, the blue light on the ceiling was softly shining inside the hall of the ruins.

I never thought there was such a huge space in a huge rocky mountain.

If you look at the architectural style, it's not what came out after the Great War.

Now she is as small as my palm, but the original identity was a woman in the seat of the Ma king, the chief of the horse race who fought against humans thousands of years ago.

It was safe to say that it was an architectural style that she had never seen before, after living a life as a living witness of history, it was safe to say that it was a historical site before being recorded as a minimum character.

If the alchemists or wizards heard it, it was a record element that would make them drool and go crazy.

I can't believe this place has never been discovered.

"I wouldn't have known how to get in here if I hadn't used the Fixus."

It may have taken months to find a way to break through this defensive welcome magic, let alone its location.

In a sense, it is quite thoroughly hidden, as it may cause some side effects if it is determined and destroyed.

It could be dangerous.

"We can't just let it go, let's go inside."

On the continent, civilization before being written into letters is called the Ancient Age.

The period is a civilization of the past that must be traced back to at least 10,000 years.

Sadly, the corridor could not be identified because there were no figures at the time, but its existence is well known for the very few ancient relics that have already appeared in the world.

I don't feel any sign of popularity at all, but I've been able to feel the overflowing manna around me.

Contrary to the expectation that the commander Manna would be full of curses because it was a place where curses were expressed, the power dissolved in most of the atmosphere was strictly Manna.

"Maybe it's not the Black Wizard's job."

Maybe they didn't realize the existence of this place. However, it is worth questioning why the long-lost curse has recently been activated.

At first, I thought it was just a landmine-type curse set up by the Black Horse wizards to destroy the entire land here.

However, if you look at the current situation, it is concluded that this kind of unexploded curse is not just one to two thousand years, but that it is now a big-name landmine that was born after being stuck in the ground every 10,000 years.

"It's absolutely serene."

As he was walking with no need for light and no light magic, Persec murmured curiously.

As is common sense, there's no Guardian on this level of remains......

Yikes! Yikes!

My mouth is the source of trouble.

She slapped me in the mouth with a small hand, blurring the end of her speech.

At the same time, the hall, which had been quiet just a moment ago, began to become noisy for a moment, and before I could move, the stone walls of the ceiling twisted and something huge was precisely pushed down toward me.

Whaaaah!

a huge binge of binge drinking

What struck me was a fist made of huge black stone.

Whoo!

It was just in a flash.

If I had been a little late, or if I had been a little lacking in skills, I would have been greatly hurt by the attack.

With a sigh of relief flowing out of the temple, I frowned and looked at the owner of the huge fist that attacked me.

He was a blue-eyed monster with a human form.

He is about 4 meters tall.

It is larger than that and has an angular black stone attached to it.

On his forehead, which glows blue light, there was a small blue jewel as big as a human palm, and I could realize what it was just by looking at the shape and amount of mana.

The mana stone, whose value is equivalent to a platinum painting when it is of the same size, is made by condensing hundreds of mana stones.

It's Ma Jeong-seok.

"Huh?...... isn't that Ma Jung-seok? This is crazy."

He let out his breath with surprise.

Golem... it must be Mado Golem. Besides, it's amazing that you're using Ma Jeong-seok as the core.

The number of golem you see in front of you is about a dozen. All of them are using palm-sized marbles on their foreheads.

Unlike golems, which are usually driven by mana stone, these guys have a tremendous amount of raw material.

"It smells."

At the sight, thoughts flowed out of my mouth.

The expression frown upon itself.

It must be strong, agile, and strong enough to be compared to the mass production golem that the Alchemist Society proudly introduced, and there is a good possibility of special ability, and we must not overdo it.

As if to be nervous, Persec's advice was heard, but it was after I quickly penetrated into a Ma Jeong-seok Golem object that shone blue light.

Farting.

At the same time, a black spark popped with my rolled fist...

If he was made of solid rock, not six-sided, then an ambiguous attack was a risk factor.

In addition, if it is not Manaseok, but Majeongseok, it doesn't know what kind of function it would have.

He started to attack me, the intruder, again at a tremendous speed, but I wasn't the one to back down from the attack.

On the contrary, he avoided the fist that penetrated to make me a rat gun as close as possible and narrowed the distance from him as he could.

Then he took a fast run and stepped on a strong advance, rolling his fist like it was spinning.

[Shooting by Cheonmagong]

Whispering! Wham!

Intense booms and black sparks were scattered all over the place and flew the giant golem that attacked me.

It was an attack that would normally have destroyed the whole body, but they endured it.

Therefore, he reached the head of Golem, which was thrown out without hesitation, and forcibly snatched Ma Jeong-seok and tore it off as if it were pulling him out.

Whaddeuk!

With an ignorant sound, a half-broken marbles caught my hand and was pulled out of his head.

"It smells!"

Your power is amazing every time I see it, by the way, what does it smell like...

I shouted proudly at her, who tilted her head as if she couldn't understand.

"The smell of money! It's a sign of success!"

The current situation is mindful of the possibility of the existence of ancient ruins that can adjust the weather conditions of this vast land of Hines.

There are many Golem that use Ma Jeong-seok, who is confirmed to be an overnight rich man, as their core.

I don't know, but what's hidden here doesn't usually seem to be a big thing.

It's not an abandoned dying land, it's completely gold.

It's not just the feeling that they look like a lump of money.

* * *

Wham!

With a refreshing sound of destruction, a solid rock lodged in the head of the last golem was separated and torn by my hand.

"Whoa... ...he was furious."

Perserk's expression beside him cooled down strangely as he wiped away sweat and muttered in a refreshing mood.

Fierce? You need to learn the word encouraging again.

"Wasn't it just as intense?"

She smiles as she shows her torn and black sleeves.

I'm blaming someone for your black thunderstorm burning and torn sleeves. You have a very thick face, if you look at it, you have a very thick face.

Not knowing a word of it, she was able to relive her appetite.

"By the way, how much will it cost?"

Ma Jeong-seok, who was packed with people to be pulled out, was packed in a bag that he was carrying on his back.

The amount is quite good after finding out even those who think they are no match and trying to leave quickly.

In addition, the empty bag was so thick that it was able to find the men hiding in the wall and carefully remove the Mana Stone.