49 # 49

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the 24th installment of the second volume

"The Start button is good."

It's a problem because I like it so much. However, it is okay to ignore the pressure since the partner of the deal is a big organization.

"We'll keep each other in check."

The palace must be the one that bothers me the most.

"Ah."

Her words made my face look like a bother.

It seems that the Marquis of Paltris, who has confirmed the information I have left behind in the last few months, is beating up the aristocrats one by one.

Thanks to this, there was an unprecedented blood wind blowing in the palace.

"Maybe the royal court can't afford to care about this, the men on fire are on their side. If you look at it this way, the two sides are very capable."

They are almost single-handedly sweeping away countless aristocrats.

It's me. I'm watching the fire across the river.But Marquis Paltris did not intend to let him suffer as he was one of my few allies.

That's a useless worry, though.

There are so many people who would welcome him if he were forced to flee to another kingdom on a dead end.

"The rumor must have spread now that they are planning to stay here for a long time and set up branches. I'll be busy again."

the numerous towers, pensioners, etc. on this small estate The top branch is formed.

This is not seen in the capital of many small countries.

What makes that possible is none other than the grass leaves of the moon.

It was so grateful that the ancient curse that tried to dry the land to death changed things so easily.

After that?

"When the atmosphere heats up, the board will grow, so can we end it with the flexibility of funds that can be set by the errand boys here?""

She shook her head as if she was tired of my smiling face.

You're such a bad merchant.

"Not a merchant."

* * *

As rumors spread through Monmidor were circulating in the dark, the land seemed to be full of people left for long-term stay.

Of course, I received a request to allow me to stay for a long time as I said, and I expressed my consent without hesitation.

Naturally, there were many merchants who wanted to buy the land that is currently owned by me.

Now that it is raining and the condition of the land is improving, this large land is simply a marketplace for development.

There's no mines, there's only agriculture to put forward, but it's not just normal agriculture.

The area I gave permission to is a residential area.

We couldn't let the workers who had to move to develop commerce pay attention to farmland.

That's going to lead to an eventful eventually.

Naturally, as if this was not unexpected, they began to move constantly to buy residential areas as if that was enough.

The competition and conflict in the process?

The sea that I expected.

"What shall we do?"

"Put an auction on it. They sell it on the expensive side."

If we do, how do we choose the upper and lower bound?"

"No restrictions."

"I'll take it."

Look at the endless rise in land prices.

Since ancient times, ancestors have said that the rich and the rich are truly rich.

Stocks? In kind? It's good, but there's nothing like maintenance.

Since the traffic is good, even if the grass of the moon cannot be cultivated, it will already have grown into a huge city by then.

I have a chance to suck it up, but it's not just me.

Complaints about my choice may arise, but there are no major problems as the subjects are not usually rich groups.

Afterwards, I began to move again when I announced that I had recovered from my illness.

I immediately put up a condition to the appearance of those who believed they would be able to participate in the auction.

It is required to sell large quantities of goods to buyers at the highest auction price, but to sell a certain amount evenly.

In this situation, monopoly was a foolish choice.

There was no reason to have a stitch in one place.

The corners of his mouth caught his ears as he danced excitedly on the palm of his hand.

Please take care of your facial expressions.

"Laugh when you like it. Hahaha."

Persech sighed at my appearance and pulled down my endless lip.

I can't get used to that shady smile.

"Don't look."

Yeah! You really want to make her a bad girl!

She puffed up her cheeks at my words.

She looked all the more tearful when she laughed at the little arm, ignoring it.

21. Recover the Sword.

The towers and pensioners on the continent belong to their respective countries, but they are basically autonomous enough to be called independent organizations.

Red Tower Redria, studying the magic of fire.

The Blue Tower Colonide studies water magic.

The Green Tower of Wind Bariod.

The Earth's magic tower, Luminiad.

There are many other aspects, but as a result, the color symbolized by the tower was somewhat related to each property.

Among them, Helison, the owner of the tower in Redria, looked at the young wizard in front of him with a calm face.

Grade 5 in Ullis.

At the age of 28, he was the greatest enemy-tower genius and disciple of the man who reached the epic level of 5 circles.

"Did you hear that? Teacher."

"What?"

Ullis asked Helison, who was drinking tea with a kindly face.

"The story of a prince in a small country called the Lown Kingdom. I heard that you went down to a remote land and cultivated grass leaves on the moon."

"Yes, I've heard of it."

"Shouldn't we join in? Apparently, it's better quality than importing from the West."

"That's inevitable, there's no reason to deliberately export good goods from the West to the East."

When Helison nodded while sweeping down his long white beard, he slightly frowned at Ullis as if he was strangely frustrated.

"So I'm telling you. I heard they're selling it as an on-site auctioneer there. Other towers are already in talks about how much money they invest in it."

"Really?"

"Nevertheless, establishing a branch of the Red Tower on the territory..."

Helison chuckled at Ullis' worried voice.

"Huh, I don't blame me. The full leaves of the moon are a rare commodity."

"If..."

"You should try that part."

"My... me?"

"Is there a problem?"

What did he feel in his eyes when he looked at them with questioning eyes?

Ullis looked at him with a slightly puzzled look on her face.

"That's... ..."

Is there anything you can't do? You are now one of the elders of the Red Tower. You have to be too careful in everything."

"Oh... I got it! I will do my best not to disappoint you."

Ulysses, who had been silent as if he had a complex problem in his head, looked down hurriedly.

It doesn`t matter if we fail. The dashing prince of the Louns has set the continent on fire anyway."

"In fact, it's amazing that we succeeded in growing the full leaves of the moon. Teacher."

"Hmm?"

"Why do they insist on a site auction? It's like...."

"You think you're degrading your values?"

"Yes, the interim distribution process will cost a lot of money, but if you sold it yourself, you could have made more money. Besides, selling like this is selling like a shudder."

Ulys' words made him nod his head.

"What about selling?"

"I think it's an act of lowering the value of the item on its value. They'll sell at a price higher than the price they're bringing in from the West. The quality is that good."

"That's right."

"But there's a limit to selling it in the field, even though it may be expensive for the first time... ...but unless the price is fixed, it's more likely to be sold at a lower price than it would be from the West."

It was.

It's my first time. I don't know if the auction price's going to be too high, but over time?

Once the volume was secured to some extent, auction prices were naturally forced to fall.

That was why it was packaged and distributed in the West Continent without on-site auction.

"Huh. I think the boy, Prince I of the Lounge Kingdom, looks very smart."

"What?"

Helison chuckled at the sight of his puzzled expression.

"하인스 영지라고 했느냐."

"예."

"그 영지의 영지민이 몇이나 되더냐."

"200...... 아!"

말을 하던 율리스의 눈이 크게 뜨여졌다.

"현장에서 팔아치우기에 구매는 그 영지에서밖에 이루어지지 않는다. 투자금을 최대한 아끼고, 최단기간에 영지를 거대화시킬 수 있는 절호의 기회임이지, 그뿐인 줄 아느냐? 우리 적탑 이외에 수많은 마탑, 연금학파. 상단까지. 그 물건을 구하기 위해서 그곳에 지부를 설치할 테지. 하면 질문하마. Was there a city in that little kingdom called the Loun Kingdom where such a large organization was concentrated?"

At Helison's words, Julis opened her eyes wide and opened her mouth wide.

"No, it's a combination that's not easy to see, not just in the Loun Kingdom. In fact, when so many groups gather, a commercial district naturally forms. The transportation is the only good land, so it's very luxurious."

"That's amazing...... but if you buy things from the top and sell them again......"

"That's why we don't increase the volume."

"Ah..."

"I didn't think you'd ever think that at the age of 17. Do you think that's all? It rained on the land where the funding problem was serious, and we needed more money. We'll have to develop the territory."

"Oh, my God..."

I took a lot of money right away and even went after that. And another thing."

At Helison's words, Ullis looked at him with his open mouth closed.

Do you have... anything else?"

"The prince is acting as if there is nothing to be desired if things go wrong. It's like announcing that growing the moon grass is just the beginning."

So... you mean you're showing us something else?"

"I suppose so. Most of the people who have a good eye for money have noticed that I feel so. Even if it's a lie, he has nothing to lose."

"That's amazing... really..."

Ulysses, who seemed to have blown away the first question, shook his head.

Isn't this a more elaborate plan than you can imagine? Is it true that a boy in his 20s came up with the idea?

No matter how highly educated the royal family is, this was a dangerous and bold way that even the professional managers of the land would not easily try.

"So now do you know what kind of relationship you have with the boy?"

"Yes, I'd like to meet and talk to you at least once, regardless of other things."

"Anyway, catch a day. I want to see the brave and wise boy."

Ullis opened her eyes wide at Helison's words.