55 # 55

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the third and fourth volumes

"By the way, the atmosphere of the royal palace is terrible..."

I did what I did and splashed, but I asked as if I didn't know.

"Yes, the secret books have been made public. Your Majesty is furious. So a large number of nobles and employers involved were confiscated and sentenced to death."

"What about you?"

"You've finished your heavy work and now you're in bed."

It's as if you've burst everything you've endured.

No matter how much information the royal aristocrats obtained based on the Marquis of Paltris, this speed would not have been possible without the cooperation of King Crianes.

'So he's more mysterious.'

Davey...

She called me with a look of something more to say and sighed briefly.

You're stubborn, too.

Furthermore, the aristocrats are divided because they put off making excuses.

"1 I'll show you to the prince's palace."

"Yes, please."

Originally, it would be right to meet King Krianes immediately, but if he is already in bed, he should promise the future.

I was following him without a word.

"Who is this?"

He had a very touchy voice.

"Carlus."

As I turned my head over the dark hallway, I saw a familiar but ordinary boy looking at me haughtily.

"Isn't that Davey?"

I gave Vespers a nod at the sight of him approaching me with a smile.

"Then, I'll see you again after wearing them."

"Good luck."

I looked at him after he was sent away.

"Yes, how have you been?"

"Well, I've been doing well."

The man, who sullen and grinned, approached me with a touch.

Then he skimmed around, frowned slightly, and murmured irritably.

"You've got a lot of room for success in business."

"So, were you jealous enough to come all the way here to see each other?"

He smiled and smiled as well.

"If it were a successful business like you, it would have been a success for anyone, don't flatter yourself by being lucky. Dirty blood never goes anywhere."

"He can't say anything to you."

"Ha! Who's the older brother?"

He still doesn't understand how much I've done.

"Tut, so listen to the mojiri and you'll never get away from Queen Linness's life."

"What?"

He gave me a nasty look at what I said at once.

He looked hideous as if he would punch him right away if he got wrong.

"Your liver is swollen..."

"You're the one with the swelling."

His impression was all the more grimaced when I lightly flicked the hand of a man who grabbed me by the collar.

"What... what?"

"You seem to be mistaken for something because you're being supported around me, but with this much head, there's no one to follow."

"Paper... ..."

"If the only thing he has is a spoon, he'll have to be smart."

"You dare insult me?!"

As if he didn't care about his brother's position already, he jumped and punched me.

Yeah, he wouldn't have fired an arrow at me at the hunting competition because it was not that crazy a stone.

Oh, I'm getting angry thinking about it.

Get it!

"What?"

Whoo-hoo!

It was just a moment.

When I snatched his fist and inserted a flip-flop, his face showed both curiosity and pain.

"Do you know that what you say without thinking is insulting your Majesty?"

Even if his mother was from a marginal baron, his father is the king of this country.

If I am such a born child, it would be no different from King Criannes, who eventually comes to terms with her.

"Does it hurt?"

He began to wriggle as he tried to use evil against my light question.

After stimulating the pain a little, he started to gasp in a red heat.

I answered the question jokingly.

"It's youth because it hurts."

What's that new nonsense? If you're sick, you have to go to a doctor or a priest.

'There was a saying in my past life.'

It's an amazing idea.

Persec's look on his face was full of patheticness.

Like Persec, the eyes of a man looking up at me as if it were some kind of fresh dog sound were distorted by hostility, humiliation, and ununderstandable pain.

"Ugh!"

Watching him looking up at me with painfully moaning, I suddenly began to wonder how I could screw him up neatly and novelly.

Then, after a moment's thought, I let him go without hesitation.

"Oh, my... What the hell did you do..."

His eyes seemed to want to rush back to him right away, but maybe it's because he was beaten just a while ago. He soon backed away from me and started yelling evil.

"You wait and see! Things that you're so confident about won't be yours!"

Ferserk looked at me quietly as he shouted and ran away.

How did you let him go when he was so angry with him?

"I didn't just let you go."

It was enough to live a life before falling into a coma that he believed in the man he had eaten to the end of his family's affection.

She shut her mouth to my grinning question.

"I had a good time."

She frowned at my grin.

You... ..don't say this, but it's better not to smile like that.

"Why?"

Honestly, are you scared?

She murmured with an expression of unknown emotion.

You didn't look that good? This is also a bad habit in a way.

I suddenly thought so, but I soon shook it off.

Then he swept the things in his hand into the air and walked away.

"Magic hair loss is a universal sin. What is the highest salary among them?"

Whoa, circular hair loss! Don't tell me...

"And I have one more gift. I'll see you at the meeting tomorrow."

Heek!

He gave a thin expression as if he had realized what I had done to Kalus, who was running away, and hiccupped.

Yeah, it's not easy to kill.

I hate to hear that I am not guilty because I am young.

If you know what's going to happen and make a mistake, you should happen.

Especially, he's so pure that he doesn't know anything, but he's at a certain age.

* * *

Mine, not mine.

That's what Kalus said when he ran away.

He's no better than a stone to wrap it up with good words, so I can take most of the words out of him...

"No matter how stupid you are, you don't think it's going to work."

You never know. The condition of the boy, Kalus, was worse than you thought.

"No way..."

That's what I thought.

"That's great, of course! It's a celebration in the Lounge Kingdom!"

"I know. It takes about four months for the grass to grow on the moon. But quarterly profits are more than double the annual expenditure of the kingdom."

"With this money, the kingdom can become more prosperous and developing!"

"We could increase defense spending right now. You can also fund each estate to make your business more prosperous!"

aristocrats who spit and shout

Why are they drinking kimchi soup among themselves when I'm not saying anything?

"Oh... when the land is finished with the maintenance of the facilities, I'll start working on the restaurant business.'

The restaurant industry?

"They say the best money-making business is water and food business.'

Do you have anything in mind?

'Well... I want to try making Korean food. I'm a beginner in this field.'

It is a pity that there were no chefs among the heroes.

a conference room for government affairs

I was the only one in this conference room, where countless nobles were babbling, thinking differently.

Bang!

"So! Supporting the moon grass growing business for the well-being of the country!"

"Oh, that's frustrating. Count Bellis! The moon's full business doesn't pay for anything! Apparently, there is only a certain part of the land on which the grass of the moon can grow in the land of Hines!"

"I know! If you nationalize your business, study it more, scale it up, and put it out in an ambitious way…"

My head hurts!

King Crianes, sitting on the throne, also held his forehead with one hand to see if he had a headache.

What a mess this is this?

The head echoed in the battle of dog logic between the aristocrats and the royalists.

The Marquis Paltris, who is constantly blowing the heads of the aristocrats, was absent, and he couldn't stand the opportunity and showed his greed.

In the end, both the royalists and the aristocrats showed the same desire for power.

It's just that there are very few differences in direction.

"Everyone stop."

Eventually, King Krianes, who had not heard of it, came forward.

"I have to reward Davy, the prince who first brought me a slope to the kingdom."

He looked at me like he was searching for me and asked me what I was thinking.

"Davie."

"Yes, Your Majesty."

Suddenly, I stopped thinking about how to run the next business and turned my head.

"You did a great job. You did a great job without any support."

"Hwang, sir. Your Majesty."

The income tax you sent from the land has taken the kingdom out of danger. Tell me, I'll give you any reward."

In an instant, the eyes of many aristocrats came upon me.

It was because of King Criannes' words that I would listen to whatever I asked for right away.

Of course, I demand something. Although they are likely to make excuses and put off, they will end up in limbo.

"I just did what I deserved."

"The credit of Prince Davy is greater than any other contribution in nearly a decade. Let's talk freely."

I was annoyed at the way he spoke as if he were testing.

However, he didn't show off on the outside and just looked foolish.

"Your Majesty, it's a big reward, so I don't have anything in mind. I'd like you to give me a little more time."

"I grant you permission."

Finally, when he was silent, the nobles began to chat again.

Yo-Yo needs to expand his successful moon pool business in the Hines estate. It must be supported. Or most of them said that they should be nationalized and managed at the national level.

Of course, it was all more of an unfeasible nonsense.

The situation became more and more complicated.

The beginning was the Duke of Barieta.

"I need to check something first."

Even if the power of the Duke of Barieta was faltering, everyone remained silent as if they were still healthy.

"Prince Davy has paid back some of the goods he earned from the success of his full business on the moon, about 70,000 golds in income tax.

After a short pause, he looked around and continued with a blank face.