52 # 52

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the first installment of the third volume.

22. Recover the Sword(2)

Everything has to be causal and comes at a time when the dispute is clear.

But what if the crime was caught in the act?

It's a sense of summary execution, no more to look at.

Of course, it is for those who have the authority to dispose of it.

Most of the guards here are soldiers of the Duke of Barieta, so they have the right to punish them, not me.

Of course, that didn't mean I was in a position not to cut them.

"Huh..."

What happened in an instant, the surrounding area was silent.

Took...

As something black and round fell in the air, everyone slowly flew toward it.

No, it wasn't exactly.

"Uh...uh? Ugh!!!!!"

Soon after realizing its identity, the guard screamed and began to roll around the floor.

At the same time, hot and red blood began to shoot out like a blood fountain in all directions.

"You... you crazy man!"

"Have him in arms me!"

"I expected it."

I mumbled a little and shook off the bloody sword.

At first glance, I thought that this world was a world where people's lives were not as good as those of Paris.

At least on Earth, or in Korea, the world that has been exposed has been dismissed as a truly egregious crime.

However, someone died here just because they were offended by the aristocracy, and not long ago, the flames of war continued to rise throughout the continent.

Only in the last 50 years did the creation of an organization called the Continental Union, which led to the eradication of the war to some extent.

It was actually obvious how long it would last.

"Have you no idea where we are!"

Eventually, things began to deteriorate uncontrollably as they began to attack me with weapons.

Do they know?

The fact that they are aiming their weapons at the royal family of this country, and that what they are doing is treason, a felony that will destroy the Three People.

Of course, it happened because I didn't give out a proper identification card, but the crime has already been proven from the point when I tried to kill a rebellious man to hide my disgrace.

"The Duke of Barieta will not care about these small lands anyway.'

The land of Valharashad is, to be exact, one of the lands of the Duke of Barieta.

At a time when the political battle with the Marquis of Paltris began, this small happening was not a human form to care about.

When I slipped away from the blade of the sword that flew in an instant, they persistently chased me and fired their weapons.

All that remained was the guards and I, who were hostile toward me, as those who were startled by the sudden stabbing and the disturbance began to flee in vain.

"The first virtue that the nobility of the kingdom should learn is the protection of the people of the kingdom."

He struck the sharp edge of the sword and said silently.

"What are you talking about?"

"Dead!!"

Finally, a guard who cut me off and ran came to me swinging in Halberd.

But his grandfather had no choice but to fly into the air even before he could reach me.

Hurry up!

It was because the wrists of the guard, who was firmly holding the grip, were neatly cut off as if they had been there.

The guard, who wielded his weapon without knowing that his hand had been cut off, flinched to see if he felt something was missing, and soon realized that his wrist had disappeared and began screaming blue.

"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

guards rolling desperately on the floor

Part of my body disappeared, Panic trampled on all the guards, pointed a sword at his neck, and raised his life lightly.

"Next time, I'll lose my voice. Don't make me say it again, bring in the janitor."

Everyone shuddered in silence at my words.

It would have given him the fear that part of his body would be cut off like a stomach disease that had fallen on the floor and stepped on it.

Some of them looked as if they felt something was wrong with me.

It was because the blow I had just seen wasn't the swordsmanship of an F-class rookie mercenary.

Ignoring the attack of trained and defensive soldiers, a search and a clean cut of the wrist at a speed that cannot be followed by the naked eye?

And the F-class mercenary, the symbol of the new era?

Realizing that something was going wrong, their faces began to harden quickly.

"Hey."

"Heez!"

When asked with a sword pointed at one of the remaining guards, he took a step back in surprise.

"You want to say it twice?"

"That... that..."

"Who's making a fuss?"

There is a saying that a tiger will come if you say it.

That's exactly what's happening now.

The guards turned their heads to him in unison and bowed their heads at the sight of the man proudly sweeping away his bizarrely twisted beard.

Except for those who fall on the floor and scream.

"Geh... ..Gerta himself!"

"What's the fuss about?"

He looked around with an arrogant face as if he didn't care about my existence.

Guards on the ground. And I'm holding a bloody sword.

He stared at me silently and squinted his eyes.

"Did you do this?"

I nodded silently to his question.

"Yeah... I did..."

Mumbling with agony, he shook his head as if he was annoyed.

"What are you doing? The enemy is a madman, kill him."

"Ha... but you're my son! He's at risk..."

"Huh. How dare you not listen to me?"

At his words, the guards put their arms back on me, looking so helpless.

If left like this, it would be much more troublesome.

So it's a status quoit.

In response, I took out what was in my arms and threw it at him.

"Hmm? It's nothing..."

In a way, it was a natural result for him to stop talking.

At that moment, his face, which looked like he had seen something wrong, slowly began to feel astonished...

Miseryl's identification card indicating the superior nobility or royal family.

No matter how small prince I was, the fact that I was the prince of this country was one of the unchanging truths.

As I said before, the duty of the nobility is to protect the royal people."

He turned to me with an incredible look at my words.

It's definitely a bit of an outer territory for the royal family to come.

"Hey, this is..."

"A noble man like that who shuns his responsibility and commits an offence and only enjoys privileges?"

Looking at him thinking about something for a long time, I can see clearly what he has in mind.

"Make a good judgment. Don't be so hard-headed that you can't see the Guardian right now."

"Hmm!"

He opened his eyes wide and trembled as if he had been stabbed to the point by my words.

It is a place where many high-ranking aristocrats or inspectors do not come often.

I think it's not anywhere else, but a territory under the control of the Duke of Barieta.

Since it was such a territory, he must have proudly committed such a ridiculous violation.

Turning his eyes as if he was agonizing over what I said, he approached me and knelt down and shouted.

"Shi... "Sin-Gerta" De, I'm meeting you!"

"Yes, I'm glad you noticed."

He shook his head at my words.

"Bu... Please take good care of it... because things were so difficult on the land..."

He made excuses for lying that wouldn't work, but everyone who knew knew it knew it.

It is a tourist attraction and the site of Cheonil Yajang is designated as a national treasure by the Continental Union.

For this reason, the Continental Union sends a considerable amount of money to the territory under the name of administrative expenses every certain period of time.

"And you don't have money?"

He trembled at my words.

He would have been ridiculous even if he thought about it.

As he rolled his eyes, he began to scream at me.

"This... this is unreasonable! What do you mean undercover? No other kingdom in the world can punish a royal family for coming to the land so recklessly!"

I asked with my sword hanging down at his cry.

"What is this nonsense? There's no place the royal family can't go in the kingdom."

"There's no proper official document, so this is tyranny!!"

"So, bring me the right official document?"

"Well... yes. The Duke of Barieta will never stand by for this!!"

He began to push recklessly, as if he believed in the power of a peacock to look after him.

Well, for sure, a decent inspector should forgive for fear of future troubles.

In fact, most of the land, not just here, is openly committing this kind of illegal act.

In fact, as I was silent, the Germanic poem even gave a smile of victory as if I thought I had faltered in the name of the Duke of Barieta.

"Well... don't do that. So that I don't feel bad..."

"By the way, self-made."

"What?"

"Will the sin of not having an official letter ever disappear?"

"What's that......"

Hurry up!

That was the last word of the Germanic series.

What a simple will.

Persec, who said it would be better to love life as much as possible, seemed to have no intention of saying anything this time.

The powerful Duke of Barieta in this country will look after you? I'm sure he cares about me because I'm busy taking care of myself.

The body, which lost its neck in an instant, lost its strength and collapsed on the floor.

"You're giving me hell."

As the curse word burst out, there was a loud sound of swallowing around.

"What are you doing? It's the body of a sinner. Put it away."

"Hmm!"

There is also a good method called filial piety.

Even the citizens of the land who have been robbed by the Gerta self-cultivation may like it, but unfortunately, this is a tourist site.

I didn't mean to show my country's disgrace to people in other countries.

The guards, unable to say anything for a long time, looked only at my back with a haggard face.

* * *

The sins of Gertha's own are obvious, but not even the humans below her are innocent.

"You're a piece of shit."

Unnecessary meddling leaks out difficult situations.

"And the rest of the cancer will be removed by the Duke of Barieta."

He shouldn't leave a speck of trouble behind now.

So once I realize I've come here and done this, I'm going to hunt out all the people involved and blow my throat to cover up the evidence.

The guards, who looked at me with blank faces, will eventually be taken to the scene as if they were in a row of their own crops.

There was no reason to put blood on my hands anymore.

The interior of the territory flowed peacefully, as if it were unaware of what had happened outside.