57 # 57

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the third and sixth volumes.

"Laugh!"

"Well... oh, my God!"

At the same time, one thing he wanted to check and hide the night before was revealed in front of all the nobles.

Oh, my God... in one day, like that...

His hair was as smooth as a certain part of the top of his head was covered in a bucket.

Skinhead!

Have the sun!

Huge round hair loss!

The size is as large as a palm. While wearing the hat, his blond hair also flew in the air as if it had fallen further.

Hahahahahahaha!!

Ignoring Perserk, who couldn't shake, I looked at him with a pick smile.

He soon made eye contact with me and tried to yell at me with rage, but all he could say was the cries of animals.

Boom!

It was not long before the door of the conference room that drew Kalus closed, and I got up lightly.

The nobles, who had been lost in the bizarre behavior of Kalus, soon began to panic as if they were conscious of King Crianes's ill-fated cough.

"He's still immature to deal with the Hines."

I, speaking calmly, looked at the Duke of Barieta.

"Well, I'll speak now."

The eyes of the aristocrats who were confused by my words all came in.

"Duchy of Barieta."

"Precise Degradation."

I grinned at the calm answer.

"When did the Duke start to rise to the throne?"

"Down?"

words of great profanity But my remarks were sharp.

It was not the Duke of Barieta who answered my sudden remark.

"What?"

"I'll ask you again. Duchy. Is this country yours?"

"No way."

A plain tone, with no feeling of emotion, but the animosity in his voice was evident.

After all, he's a human being.

"Low, my actions are all for the Lounge Kingdom of this country..."

"But why are you saying the same thing as the humans who just talked about dogs?"

"Well, uh... degradation, what?!"

"Why, I just said the same thing as the duke."

He shut his mouth at my words.

"I don't think the Duke knows what's going on."

I smiled and made eye contact with him.

"Don't chew on the weed even if you don't even think about anyone who's meat."

"Down. This is the National Assembly..."

"So, what did you settle on this issue at the National Assembly? To sell the royal family proudly at their request? Taking advantage of that opportunity to monopolize land and business?"

a very short moment

His eyes showed an incomprehensible question being young.

My actions would have been very dangerous at a time when the power of the duke was overwhelming.

I, who spoke calmly, smiled at him and bowed to King Crianes.

"The point is that if we somehow cover up the demands of the Holy Land, there will be no problem. Your Majesty,"

"You mean there's a way to cover up the Holy Land's request?"

I smiled at his question with a subtle emotion.

"Seongguk is a place where people live. It's like a coffin instead."

* * *

The meeting fell through.

Well, that was the position of the aristocrats, and it was a very useful time for me, which I had a lot to rip off.

As soon as I returned to the still 1 prince palace, I took out a crystal ball with a communication mana stone attached.

Then he entered the pre-prepared value and started contacting somewhere.

Then Sujeong-gu gave off a light glow and began to shine a young new bride.

It was an expensive communication wizard created by linking a small amount of mana stone.

It is a system that is not difficult to make, but it was also difficult to use unless it was rich enough due to the price of mana stone or the cost of technology.

Of course, the problem is that I have a lot of money in my hands right now.

This is why people should be good at thinking about business items.

The 10,000-year-old curse that was unintentionally sprayed on the land has become a complete cloud of takeoff.

[Hot! I got a call!] Prince Davy, I'm Vice Bishop Beliam of the Holy Land Budget Office.]

"I'm sorry for the sudden call. Patriarch Beliam."

Don't say that, it's something that's already been discussed.]

"Haha, then may I ask you what your conclusion is, King Beop?"

The new coffin in the crystal ball was in a flutter at my question.

I just got a call from my home country. The king of the law responded a little while ago that he was willing to accept your offer. He also told me not to worry about it because it won't happen in the future on my behalf.

That's right, no matter how much a country is built on the sanctuary of God, there are people who eventually have to run their businesses as a country where people live.

One thing I told the King of the Law,

The only fact is that the full leaves of the moon cannot be grown if either of the two elements is omitted.

If you were a king of law, you would have realized what that means.

By the way, I didn't think you'd think of sending the prince from the Loun Kingdom to the Holy Land. Well, it's not a bad thing for us, but if you look at the future, it's a loss for this side. Haha!]

He grinned at the end of his speech.

As a young man, he was a man with a very friendly feeling rather than a young man.

"Well, keep it in mind."

[Will there be any] Haha! If only the goods are supplied on time, it will not be bad in Sungkuk. Well... by the way...]

"Don't worry about that. We will secure a certain amount of sales to Sungkuk next quarter."

Thank you very much for doing that! Haha, King Beopjeong personally asked me to sell a lot of good supplies in the future, saying that if the result is good, I will be satisfied.

"We will clear some of the remaining places and grow additional supplies for the Holy Land."

In a way, it's a very secular and snobbish deal.

But I didn't care.

If you want to get special treatment, you'd better bring something.

He made such a public announcement.

No matter how much I said I had released a certain amount of supplies, it was also true that there was no satisfactory amount yet.

Dirty? I didn't think I was selling off some of the supplies.

In fact, from the perspective of the Holy Kingdom, I would have judged that continuous supply of the moon's grass would be more profitable than taking me out of the Loun Kingdom and belonging to the Holy Kingdom.

Of course, it was a matter of knowing that it was impossible to grow unless it was a combination of me and Hines land.

Even if other groups find out about this, they won't be able to protest.

Rather, they will try to benefit by bringing something like Sungkuk.

That's how we can slowly increase the size of the project. If we all fall into the mire together, there is nothing to blame for.

All together in the mire! the so-called water ghost business

"Business is so easy."

a falsehood

I smiled bitterly at Persek's rebuke.

"Well, then the Sungkuk problem is solved."

The deputy minister who tried to transfer me to the Holy Land is the substitute for Mules.

His influence is greater than that of a king in a small country, as he is a man of high rank called the Supreme Council.

On the contrary, it was King Beop, the current ruler of the kingdom, that I made the deal.

A holy country is a country where people live.

Political fights are up to themselves, so they won't matter anymore.

If the kingdom is shut up due to internal problems, of course the nobles of the Loun Kingdom will no longer be able to touch me.

It was not a bad result.

Immediately after cutting off communication with Bishop Beliam, I took out another crystal ball and lightly touched Manaseok, and this time again, I scattered light and began to project one man.

No, it was two this time.

[Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh...

[Oh! How lazy of you to have the honor of assisting the prince in the future...]

Amy, who is in a pile of documents and is now in tears, and Bernil, who is currently taking over and transferring the management of the land's internal affairs, are taking over and handling it on my behalf.

One is the chief of staff, and one is the exclusive woman who took care of me for a long time.

However, what they did was more like a secretary or agent, not a servant-general and an exclusive poet.

"Well done, General Bernil."

[I just did what I had to do.]

"What about Amy?"

[I... ...... Degradation? Are you doing me?! Please save me!]

If I didn't finish my assignment, I wouldn't even have dinner! Hm! Dropped, sorry to show you the ugly side.]

"Hahaha... don't roll too much."

Amy was a very intelligent girl for a lady. That's why I'm investing in her future.

Isn't this the view of a clean company?

Now she's still at a level of stupidity, but within a few years, Amy will be quite a talented person.

"How's the improvement going?"

Finally, it began to rain on the land and the land began to revive.

However, there were too many problems to develop immediately because it has been neglected and underdeveloped for too long.

The biggest problem among them is the lack of skills and time.

No matter what building you build, you have to have a strong foundation. If it became a land built up by poor technology, it was more likely to be an important problem for the blueprint of the city I would make later.

When you have money, you have to do something to make it easier for you to do things afterwards.

[Whew...... I've reviewed what you said, but again......]

"Time's the problem, isn't it?"

[That's right. It's going to take a long time to rebuild the design that you left behind.]

Estimated time is about 10 to 20 years.

It is time for the underdeveloped and collapsed Hines estate to build a proper foundation.

It's a building, a water supply facility, cultivated land, and it doesn't solve the problem right away.

Money wasn't everything.

"What about the tower and the pensioners and the top?"

[The supplies have not arrived yet, so they are staying in a simple accommodation, but as soon as they arrive, they have received a permit to raise the building using the land they bought. As you said.]

"Yes, just don't break the rules I've set."

[I'll take it.]

The old gentleman, who bowed his head at my words, made a satisfactory expression.

"And don't worry about technical problems, I'll be back with the best engineers and technicians on the continent soon. I'm going to start my second business."

The best engineers on the continent?]

When I said, the chief of staff at Bernil gave me a questionable look. It was questioned that he was the best engineer on the continent.

"Yeah, there's a race that's stubborn and doesn't want to trade well, but will never turn down my offer."

trade diamonds for so-called corn

There is no business item as good as a business item with a low risk and a large return.

In my words, he opened his eyes slightly wide as if he realized who I meant to be the best engineer on the continent.