59 # 59

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the eighth installment of the Three Books

Well, you can tell from the face that it's annoying. A race united with pride.

He is a stubborn race that doesn't care if he puts a knife into his head.

It was as Persek said.

Although he was a guest and promised, he didn't seem to welcome me very much.

'Normally, the Dwarves have several tribal chiefs, but I guess others are absent because they're alone.'

It's not easy for a tribal chief to leave town.

At Persec's words, I stood silently before him and bowed my head quietly, with his signature gesture and gesture.

It was their own greeting that was often used only among dwaffes that were different from human greeting.

You said your first impression was going to the class. To be honest, there are suggestions that they can jump at right away, but I decided to relax.

"There will be some dwaffes who will be Young Jimin later, so it's not good to blush each other."'

"May the Iron God bless you, my name is Daviolan, the first prince of the Loun Kingdom."

Perhaps it was because my appointment was unexpected.

There was a moment of interest in the eyes of the elder Dwarf, who was sitting with a annoyed face.

"Huh? Hm! Eight elders, Goldara. I'm a little surprised that you know how to greet people between dwaffes."

"Dwarf is an outstanding tribe of craftsmen. If you don't treat that skill, it'll be a fool."

His expression seemed to abate for a very short time when he spoke fluently without salivating his mouth.

"Hmm! You're a rare favorite. Well, the other elders were all busy, so I came out instead."

"Thank you for your attention."

"The Round Kingdom is a long-time client of our Yellow Rock tribe."

Recently, the country has been reeling from the tyranny of the aristocrats, but in fact, the Loun Kingdom of the past has been quite a good country to live in.

It meant that there was less discrimination by race and class, and that they knew each other's manners.

It's only recently that the aristocracy, led by the Duke of Barieta, is getting worse.

In fact, they had no reason to provoke dwaffes unless they were idiots.

Thanks to his image, he entered Dwarf village without any difficulty.

"So, what brings the little prince here? Most of the usual deals will be done outside the village."

"That's right."

"I know there's still some time left to do business with your kingdom."

I nodded quietly at Golda's words.

"That's right. The original deal is in the next few months."

"What's the matter with you?"

"In fact, I'm here to get some cooperation for something else. The barley beer and meat in the cart that I brought outside are just sincerity."

My horse swept away his thick beard. He changed to a look of annoyance again.

"Hmm! Well, I don't hate people who know manners. Besides, I don't hate human-made barley beer. But sadly, our Yellow Rock tribe can't come up with anything you want right now."

"What does that mean?"

He didn't elucidate my question.

"You can't tell an outsider the details."

After a light pause, he sighed briefly and continued again.

"That's all I want to say. I'm not going to give you an order right now because you've taken a long walk, you can stay here for a few days. I'll let others know in advance. However, if you have an accident, I'll be deported immediately."

As if he had nothing more to say, he jumped up and there was a subtle anger in the faces of the knights.

They looked unhappy when they and I, who came to protect them, were ignored.

I just raised my hand silently and looked at Golda, holding them back, as if something loud was about to come and go at once.

Then he lightly raised one power inside.

'Information confirmation.'

Beep!

Even if it is a warp, it will not easily escape the power of the king.

Name: Golda.

Age: 180

Gender: Other

Type: Dwarf

Title: Nothing

Abnormalities: Fatigue, irritation. Worrying

Unique: the youngest eight elders of the Yellow Rock tribe.

Current Psychology:

They want to participate in the work of smelting the first flash of light, called the sacred sword of the Dwarves.

He is the youngest to be kicked out to face humans.

It's been a long time since humans came into the village, so I felt a little interested and questioned.

I have a certain feeling of favor with a demonstrator who knows how to behave well.

a troublesome state of hospitality

Dwarf's average life span is 250 years.

It is not surprising age.

With a troublesome look and a Golda looking at me as if there was nothing to say again, I was stuck in one of the words written inside the translucent box that came to my mind.

[Initial flash]

It's a familiar name. The name came from a madman who married a hammer.

[There's one thing I've done with them, but it's been a long time and I'm so short-lived...] Honestly, I'm not good at it. In those days, the tongues and the pits were so good that we celebrated each other for days and days.

How good is it? Bring me one of your taps.]

[Well, just this much] Is that funny? Someone who's good at it from the beginning. Forget it. Screw the hammer!]

"Then I'll owe you a few days."

Judging the situation that went around in an instant, I smiled.

25. Give me the hammer.

Dwarf's village was basically quite noisy.

Maybe it's because of his small height and physique. Basically, the loud noise of the Dwarfs was huge as if they had boiled up a train can.

And unlike quiet elves, they are full of energy.

Their lives can be said to be a big part of their noisy lives.

Among them, there are two things that Dwarf can't live and die, and they are crazy.

Alcohol and gambling.

Although there are some dwaffes who are foolish and humiliated, most of these dwarfs are an unusual breed of people who show the art of cutting off gambling at a certain level.

That's why he's alive and well for a long time.

I began to spend my time in a relaxed manner, as if I had no regrets, while being treated as not by the draftees.

The Dwarfs seem to be suffering from tribal problems, but I didn't step in and raked in the rumors.

Everything in the world doesn't work out as I thought.

What if you're on the high horse and then you don't?

Nothing could be more funny than that.

Is the first flash a great sword?

"Honestly, it's a great sword by normal standards."

By your standards?

"If you have time, there's nothing you can't make, right?"

an uncutting sword

It is the first flash of the sword, which the Dwarves find as if they were dead.

The ancient heroes who created it, Sert and Dwarf craftsmen, engraved the sword with meaning by giving it some abilities.

Harmony, development, and the blessing of the blacksmith God.

There are many things, but I didn't elaborate on the suit and I didn't pay much attention to it.

To be honest, it was safe to say that the meaning of the sword was actually left their hands from the time when the sword was broken, which was the first flash of their heads.

It's not easy to imitate Sult's unique skills with every effort, even though you don't know if they've been passed on to someone else.

"In a way, the first flash is more like a prototype."

Prototype?

"So... how can I explain it, it's the beginning of Caldiras, the process itself is the same, even if the direction of use is different."

That's probably why they're thinking about it.

a special technique using mana

Many artisans don't even think about making such an attempt out of pride.

However, the world eventually turns to the laws of physics and non-physical law.

the laws of physics acting on the basis of fundamental force

Non-physical laws that are made based on mana, a huge mass of energy moving beyond those laws of physics.

The world is made up of two theories.

It's probably no different on Earth.

That's the basic theory of wizards.

"The key, whether it's a sword or a flash in the beginning, is to integrate those two laws well. Usually, craftsmen don't try that. I'm trying to tap the metal to see the limit."

Of course, weirdoes pop out sometimes.

"From hitting a hammer to dealing with a ingot, you have to twist the traditional way a little. When you throw away all the knowledge you have, you can only see a clue to Mana's processing, and the Dwarfs develop it? Not a chance."

It is not a human being, but a kind of craftsman with both pride and skill, so it cannot be done.

By the way, how could such an outstanding thing be in a place like this?

"The first flashlight was a collaboration made for the first interaction between humans and Dwarf. Well, I haven't heard the details either."

I got up from my seat, sitting calmly explaining.

Where are you going?

"You've had enough fun. I'm going to do my job now."

It is only a secondary matter to take the Dwarfs back to the land.

My original purpose is to rent a large-scale brazier with a high level of technology built here.

If it was a complaint, I'd have made it myself.

"Technology now takes a long time to build, I rent things, I borrow technology, and the Dwarves are looking around."

Pickup left the room without hesitation.

Suddenly, when I appeared, the curious Dwarf kids were sticking out their heads far away and quickly disappeared.

It seems that the existence of human beings was unfamiliar to them.

In fact, there are very few dwarves who come into contact with humans for exchange.

So? I don't think they're going to lend me a big furnace easily.

"First of all..."

As I was looking around, I found something and moved lightly.

"Shall we go to the tavern first?"

Drinking?