50 # 50

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the 25th installment of the second volume

Helison, the master of the Red Tower and a seven-circle cannabis, was not easily seen by the emperor of the empire.

Because he is one of the best wizards on the continent, he is not the one who acknowledges and pays homage to other pagodas that don't get along very well.

I can't believe he's interested.

No matter how much the prince of a country is, this is a great thing.

"Maybe it's better to stay friendly until the end."

"I'm on my way!"

Ulysses stood up in a hurry with a look of excitement. Then he bowed to him and ran away quickly.

Helison laughed at the sight.

At that level, people would become arrogant, but he was the only disciple Helison taught, a cautious and gentle-hearted man.

Soon, he wiped his smile and squinted his eyes.

'Sir, is it possible for a boy under the age of 20 to cut down a high-ranking vampire? Using Caldiras without a contract.'

Suddenly, a question came to mind of a girl who had visited her not too long ago.

She was also a fierce girl who had her own mentor.

At that time, I dismissed it as just a matter of no knowledge.

To be honest, he didn't think it was possible either.

a high-ranking vampire

He knows best that he is not an ordinary person. Besides, a non-contractor has woken up the body of Caldiras, who has not woken the original contractor?

"In fact, it's impossible without a disciple or himself who took over everything."

He was also considered true because he was not a cute girl enough to make up words that were not about vampires.

In fact, it was so great that most of them shook their heads, saying that it would be impossible to ask those who train the sword.

"There must be some reason in the world that celebrities are standing out one by one..."

It's an illusion.

* * *

"All the land sales have been processed for some of the residential areas where the residents do not live."

The land is large, but most of the land is empty without the owner.

Most of the land that gave up ownership was returned to the part of the lord, so the remaining land became the land.

"How many people are in?"

"We'll get the answer right after we've signed the contract, but because of the competition for a good land, the amount has been sold at the level of the capital's downtown area."

I nodded my head satisfactorily at the report of General Bernil.

"Kya! Good, good."

As he giggled and laughed, General Bernil's expression cooled down.

"How far out of the palace... ..."

"Okay, that person could laugh a little bit."

"You take this old man's earnest words too easy."

He was the chief of staff at Bernille who sighed.

He was the chief of the royal court, Bernil, who had a very strict personality, just like Sir Vespers.

Of course, that's why I trust him.

Most of the household gods here were in favor of me because I had left almost all the users whom Queen Linnes had attached.

"How's Amy's education going?"

"She's a brilliant kid. No matter how noble you are, it's rare for a baron to have such wit and awake thoughts."

Women's human rights were not just as bad a world as the Joseon Dynasty.

However, in this world, where there is a certain amount of patriarchy left, the frequency of women's education is inevitably smaller than that of men.

Most of the studies preferred by women are thoughtful studies related to internal aid, not in the line of thought or sociology or politics.

At such a time, Amy had the wit and judgment that the well-educated aristocrats could not see.

"To be honest, I'm having a lot of fun because I think I'm teaching my granddaughter."

General Bernil, who told me not to laugh, smiled for the first time.

I don't think I'm teaching, but now I feel like I'm watching my granddaughter's tricks.

"He's about to die from overwork."

"Well, that's because you've been over-really."

"Have you got any better jokes?"

"Hmm!"

He took a step back after coughing uncomfortably in my words.

"Just kidding."

"I don't really feel qualified to weigh myself in front of you."

"Why?"

"It's a persimmon."

I didn't ask what I felt.

The way he looked at me wasn't the way he looked at the child who was supposed to teach me a lot.

A side effect is a side effect, it is a side effect.

"Let's auction the leaves of the moon according to the manual you mentioned."

"Go ahead, Bernille, and you'll be able to make the most of the gains without any problems. By the way, the royal family sent you a letter."

At my words, the chief of staff Bernil seemed to nod.

"I think you've already figured it out."

"I can't believe it. I'm already fighting the Marquis of Paltris, so I'm sure he needed a moment to breathe."

What to ask for. I could see what he was going to do, but there was no justification to refuse.

"What's the big deal? Let's stop by. Please pass most auction and sale operations until I come back. It's still unclear to leave the job fully to Amy."

"Just leave it to me."

I wouldn't leave it to anyone else, but I had no qualms about leaving it to him.

When I cut the envelope using a letter knife without a word, I began to see neatly written words over the antique parchment.

The content was simple.

Compliments about the achievement of new achievements that have not been seen before in the Loun Kingdom, and even in the East Continent. He also said, "Come back to the royal palace for a while to honor your hard work and achievements."

As soon as I receive the edict.

That may be the purpose that has been revealed.

There must be many thoughts in the inside.

The content itself was not new to what was expected.

"Come when you're going to kick me out. They're on time limit."

When he threw the letter paper into the fireplace annoyingly, the chief of staff Bernil looked at me with a surprised look, but soon he sighed with a calm expression.

"Down."

"I know."

Perhaps it was because I felt anger at my calm words.

He said nothing more.

"It's funny, isn't it? It's not even a king, but it's a royal seal."

"I see."

"Let's go."

He smacked the wooden desk with his index finger and smiled.

"So, was the dungeon that Sert was talking about on the way to the royal road from here?

Come to think of it, I remembered that Sert's hometown was the land near here.

At that time, the land remained the same, although it was called by a name other than the Loun Kingdom.

The suit? Are you talking about him?

Persec, who read my mind, looked up at me with surprise.

The Thousand-day Night Surt was a friend and helper of the sword Hares.

As such, he was also a man who had some contact with Persec, Hares' foster daughter.

Most of all, he wasn't the mastermind who made the sword that killed her.

"The legacy of the inspiration is still asleep around here, so I'm going to ask you to do me a favor, and I'm going to get my weapon now.'

Uh... ..the masterpiece of the field that created the S.D., I'm looking forward to it.

She looked strangely bitter, as if she had a bad memory while saying that.

"I have a place to visit. Tell the stableman to be prepared to run well for a long time."

In my words, General Bernil seemed worried again about what I was going to do.

Everything I've been doing since I got here is definitely not in line with common sense.

It is clear that if the plan is actually known, it will be a disaster.

* * *

Blood splashing...

Well, it's a little smooth, and the fierce auction competition has gone as expected.

"All 10,000 of the moon's full leaves have been sold. The highest score was at the top of Alaui, and he was willing to buy 150 gold per case.

150 gold.

The low-grade grass leaves imported from the West are priced at 100 gold per four sheets.

The Hines estate is 150 gold per four sheets.

"So how much did they sell?"

"At the top of Alaui, I bought five thousand tickets as a priority for 150 golds."

It's quite big.

No matter how many people travel around the continent, this would be a painful expenditure.

Never mind if it's not

"What about the rest?"

"The rest, like you said, are 130 golds and 500 to 1,000 tickets each. We have sold all the supplies to each group."

5,000 cards for 150 gold.

The remaining 5,000 cards are 130 golds.

At first glance, it seems like a big loss to the top of Alaui, who bought 150 golds, but securing the volume is that important, so all organizations participated in the auction with all their might.

As a result, sales were successful.

It's not just a success, it's a great success.

How much is it?

A total of 350,000 gold.

7,000 platinum coins

This is 100,000 gold more than the market price of low-grade leaves imported from the West.

The royal palace has an annual reserve fund of 100,000 gold.

If you add up to other amounts, 150,000 to 200,000 golds will be collected and disappeared.

What if it's 350,000 gold in four months?

The cultivation period of the Moon's full leaves is approximately three to four months long, so it is possible to grow them nonstop on this land, which has an indefinite cycle of fat.

When it comes to the long term of four months, Hines earned 1.05 million gold a year.

"Hmm...kkkh..."

"What are you surprised about?"

Amy, who confirmed the total profit, looked breathtaking.

Even if the number gradually decreased to less than 1 million gold, there was nothing more to see that the business was a great success.

Frankly speaking, it was also an amount that could never be earned even on land that is on the basis of this kingdom.

"A group that has difficulty in financing immediately issued a bill."

"Allow me to the places I've checked. People are the best when it comes to credit, and it's hard to abuse it."

Most people want to buy it even if they give double the price because they don't have it.

It means that the number of items sold is small even though it is an important item.

It could be reduced in the future, but if the price was more expensive than imports from the West, it would not be cheap.

However, there is a difference in quality, so should we give it to him at a bargain price

At least it was clear that I was not an unprepared philanthropist.

"The Sponsors must have money after all.'

Are you willing to make a sponsor's altar?

'It's an appointment. Well, it's been a long time, so I've forgotten half. It's not bad to have some time to spare.'

It was a condition in which she learned divine magic and Haeju magic from the saint Daphne.

Of course, it wasn't a promise from when, so I just kept it in mind.