54 # 54

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the third installment

He used to say the same thing every time he was drunk.

Han died without completing the two swords that had become a masterpiece.

It's like a completed sword, but...

"No, it's not.

I opened my eyes, speaking calmly and reaching for the stuff inside the safe.

A floor wrapped in antique cloth and two swords were found above it.

These guys must have sent the idea not to approach them a while ago.

In fact, when I put my hand on the blackboard, a strong rejection came out, but whether it was a problem for a long time or because it was incomplete, my mind couldn't push my hand out and became silent again.

"There's no finishing touches."

As he said.

Sult put one will on each of these two swords.

A blacksmith who puts his will into his soul.

If artisans who were proud of their skills heard of it, they would be able to feel ashamed of themselves.

The twin black of the two bags was unusually similar to the design of the circumference that I used.

It was inevitably a large-sized sword, and a lesser-known design in the Tionis continent, which prefers long swords.

The sword, which had not even been properly assembled yet, was like an unfinished iron blade, but the power and will of his life were clearly visible.

A red unknown sword that cuts the life of a deceased person.

A blue sword that cuts a lion.

He used to simply call two twin swords that.

The name did not exist.

He used to give names to finished items because of their nature of work.

Eventually, he could not give a name because he was incomplete, and he would have spent thousands of years without a name, kept like this sealed.

In his life, Caldiras was the best sword he had ever made, but his own confession that it was a sword made to fit his body and that of his master, Hares.

But the two were different.

He is the only master craftsman who can make Ego weapons by grinding his soul.

without consideration of the user

Swords themselves have made them find their owners.

What's surprising is that two swords are the best swords that fit me well enough to be called coincidence.

No one else's opinion, just the best thing that one's hands have ever since.

He had made a lot of armor in the corridor, but he would say every time that he had never made Caldiras and the twin black sword.

Although basic performance cannot be superior to caldiras due to problems with materials.

'That's definitely the same weapon as the sword.'

These guys are obviously different from Caldiras. It'll probably be a disaster.

A sword that can only be strengthened by possession.

Just as many countries have attacked the Palan Empire to get the sword Caldiras.

It's not one bag, it's two, so we could do more.

It is 80 centimeters long. Six centimeters wide.

Rather than destructive swordsmanship, they can fit well with beautiful and soft swordsmanship.

He reached out quietly and pulled out two swords with a cloth.

The thought of being wary of me a moment ago slowly silenced as if I had felt my careful touch and soon completely dispersed.

However, it remained the same as before.

Still, is it a weapon?

I made a little mistake.It would not be strange to have your finger cut off by a bird you don't even know.

It was not an example created by just sharpening the blade, but the weapon itself was its own sharpness.

It can be used as a weapon right now.

However, the two swords, seen from the eyes of the craftsman, were clearly not completed.

I murmured lowly as I was looking at the black surface that I had picked up with a cloth.

"We need to save the fire."

A fire?

"Yes, not a regular furnace, but a duff-type furnace that can heat up more than that."

Putting a blade that has already been sharpened into the fire...

"I told you, it's incomplete."

I swept away the blackheads as if I were looking at a treasure.

The surface of the slightly rough black surface has been felt naturally.

wait for the right time to be sullen. First, it was not completed by the end of its life.

The last thing he did would have been to make the mana melt on the surface of the sword.

The concentration gradually thickens over time.

There is no way to know what kind of attribute the mana is, but it was safe to say that the mana melted into the blackboard was as thick as it was thousands of years after his death.

Isn't this enough time?

No, the longer he takes, the better the sword will come out, so he may have a better man than he expected.

It is the last unfinished work of the millennium night market.

Although it was an item that a craftsman couldn't bear the pressure and could not even put his hands on it, I only strongly wanted to tap the sword quickly.

Failed?

I've seen this much stuff and I can't fail.

At this point, I slowly began to understand what he was thinking, when I asked him what would happen if I threw it away.

23. Eat your shit.

"It's a lot of stuff."

To be exact, it is more of a recovery than a gain.

In fact, Sult gave me ownership of two twin swords.

It was a sword that was not revealed to the world in the first place, so there was no reason for anyone to complain that I had this.

Immediately after I left the basement workshop of Surte, I returned to the cluttered territory and borrowed a horse and went straight to the palace.

Although the Germanic Count died in my hands, his sins were clear and no one really had the authority to tell me what to do with it.

At times like this, class is absurdly convenient.

So the aristocrats are drunk on the sweetness that the rank brings them.

Beep!

Name : Not present

Status: Incomplete

Completeness: 90%

Details. :

The sword is the first of the last works of a great smelter who poured his dying life into smelting.

Incomplete and not shown authority.

The self exists but does not wake up at the momentarily.

It was an explanation of the red sword, which cuts the life of the deceased, expressed by Sert.

The sword has been sealed for thousands of years without even being named due to 10% incomplete.

The fact that there was an ego was not surprising.

Even before entering the underground workshop, when I opened the safe, I could not hear the low cries of a guard-filled animal.

It would have been a side of the self contained in the sword that flowed unconsciously.

"The rest of them are the same..."

Two black guns from the basement workshop.

As he said, the design was the same form, with only different colors as the twin swords.

And...

The level of perfection and the current situation were all the same.

The first black man to cut the dead.

Second black to cut a lion.

Even if it's twins, there's a guy who was made first.

As it was a weapon for himself that he worked harder than when he made Caldiras, his way of processing the sword was full of passion and affection.

"We've arrived. Have a nice view of the capital."

I was not recognized by the low-level wizard who managed Mana Gate because I still disguised myself as a commoner.

Although it is a natural result because the media is not well developed in this world.

Upon arriving in a nearby metropolis, I immediately reached Mana Gate and was able to reach the capital in a flash.

At the original wagon or more, accompanied by attendants arrived late but estate is now to get back to the royal palaces is reason to be a long time.There wasn't.

"Why do you think he called me from the royal family?"

On the surface, didn't you make a great contribution? Maybe it's to make a contribution to that.

"That's the money I earned anyway."

Income tax is not a fiction, is it? You have a bad habit of asking questions even though you know them.

It was.

For now, contributions are contributions.

The Loun Kingdom, as well, pays a certain amount to the state when an individual or group income occurs.

That was the income tax.

Currently, the income tax of the Loun Kingdom is basically 5 percent to 30 percent.

A lot?

What was different about the earth?

Of course, most of the world's aristocrats are living on their own free time, dodging this income tax.

Thanks to him, it is not a wise choice to see those who are being caught and whose roots are being cut off.

That's a general expectation.

"What do you mean?"

Isn't it obvious? Since the full leaves of the moon you are growing are simply golden eggs, did you not earn more than twice the annual expenditure of the kingdom in just a quarter?

The annual expenditure of the Kingdom of Loun is from 100,000 gold to 150,000 gold.

It was certainly a lot of money.

If we nationalize our business and nationalize you well, the Kingdom of Lounge will become a richer nation than it is now.

To be exact, the pockets of the nobles will be rich.

I don't know, but it's become the only moon in the East.

In fact, it was a bit awkward to be in the eyes of the continent this much.

It also meant that what I did was big.

an impossible task to try

It was the cultivation of the moon grass.

As I walked around the streets of the capital and checked only a few pieces of information, I entered the palace right away, and a different chaotic atmosphere welcomed me.

As the fight between the political opponents began, many of the users who were swept away here and there were dying, so they seemed to have just changed their shoes on this opportunity.

Is it because of that?

I could hardly see the faces of the users who looked down on me and ignored me.

Of course, even if they do, they are no longer in a position to treat me recklessly.

"Welcome. Degradation."

It was none other than Vespers who greeted me.

He is the brother of General Bernil, who followed me to the land of Hines, and is one of the king's limbs that even the aristocrats cannot reach out.

Therefore, he was also a reliable person.

"Long time no see, Vespers."

"You've become stronger, too."

It`s still corrupt on the surface."

"You've been joking since the year has changed."

Although General Bernil sometimes smiles, General Vespers has no change in expression like a Terminator.

As a child, he was a terminator, so John Connor seemed to have been talking nonsense rather than where he was.

"You've made a big business on land."

It seemed a little off-the-wall to ask, but he was still a man.

"Well... the sky must be overjoyed. I got some big gifts."

He quietly closed his eyes to see if he was satisfied with it when I grinned at him with a joke.