56 # 56

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the third and fifth volumes.

"It's more than half of the kingdom's one-year spending. In fact, it has given rise to a resurrection in the kingdom of Loun, which was in poor financial conditions. I think you're excited about it, so we should get to the most fundamental point."

As if to help me, he stuck to his unselfish way of speaking.

"What should I tell you?"

"Well, isn't the issue you're discussing right now how to use the Moon Pool Business to help the kingdom?"

"That's right. It's an innovative business. If you take advantage of it..."

"But why are you trying to give it to the state at will, regardless of Prince Davy's intention to contribute so much?"

Everyone was silent at the words of the Duke of Barieta.

"Was your status higher than that of the royal family in this country?"

Suddenly, a business was so successful that it seemed to have hardened its head, but in fact there was no reason to nationalize it.

"Besides, Prince Davy has already become independent from the palace."

"Ha... but..."

"The Marquis of Parondis."

"Yes... yes."

"For the sake of national security, would you ask me to attribute all your wealth to the state?"

"That... that..."

Everyone shut up at the words of the Duke of Barieta.

Why does he think he will help you?

Do you think that's helping? Sounds like a pun.'

Sadly, I could see what he was trying to do.

She nodded quietly at my words.

"Hmm!"

The words of the Duke of Barieta silenced the conference room. All I could hear was an uncomfortable cough.

Others were full of people trying to make a profit by somehow preventing them from monopolizing the business.

Some of them might have tried to fill their stomachs by using the money they earned from the land.

"So everything is up to Prince Davy, and it's not up to you."

"Hmm... well... I see."

"I had a short thought."

The waning atmosphere seemed to end like that.

But there was no reason for the Duke of Barieta to side with me for no reason.

"The business of the Hines estate is to be settled on the Hines estate. That's for the country, isn't it, degradation? If we force this business to nationalize it, it's repression. No one would want to do business."

I just nodded quietly at the sight of him looking at me and asking me with an insensitive look.

"There's a saying that people who don't want to give me meat, but they just chew and swallow up the weeds."

My sarcastic remarks made the faces of the nobles red with shame.

"So, Duke. That's not all I want to say, but am I wrong?"

"Did you see that, yes. Actually, there was a more important reason than that, but I just thought that the situation was this and that it needed to be arbitrated."

It seems like someone is indifferent and caring when they hear it.

Then the Duke of Barieta took a small piece of paper out of his arms.

It was an antiquely sealed parchment that felt like an imperial edict.

"This is a letter from the vicar of St. Valshas."

"Letter?"

"Yes, Your Majesty."

The Duke of Barieta extended the letter to Krianes.

"The content is to check for Prince Davy's sexual scars and, when they are, move to the Holy Land so that they can be given the title of saint."

The correspondence sent by the Supreme Council, just under the rule of law, was freely checked without the king's permission.

It's a country where you're such an unruly man and a mess.

Just by looking at this, his power soared to the level of the opening ceremony and it was obvious how much the royal authority was shaking.

Could this have been the case for Kim's family at the end of the Joseon Dynasty?

"Whatever the world is, it's obvious what happens when the country is in trouble.'

"Prince David has revealed the scar of the castle. But no one has told me yet to give you the title of saint. That's not going to work."

"That's ridiculous! Prince Davy is the first prince of this country! But the scar was revealed and sent to the Holy Land!"

shouted a young count, who had been frowning silently until now.

"Huh, Count Rhonda. It's Sungkuk. Sungkuk. Don't you know Sungkuk?"

"I know! I know so well! The Holy Land! The Word is the Holy Land, a nation of imperial powers! The country that serves the Lord Priya!"

"Huh......does anyone know!"

"But this is unfair! He's not the other one, he's the prince! What's the difference between paying tribute to the Holy Land!"

"Oh! Watch your language! What if someone hears it!"

"This country is not a holy country, but a lounging kingdom! Since when has the Lounge Kingdom become a province of the Holy Land?"

"Huh! You've seen a stupid guy who can't see an inch ahead of you said.

Despite the young aristocrat's cry of Count Rhonda, most of the nobles seemed to be hushed with each other.

"Okay, you're gonna check my sexual activity and send it to me?"

In the end, when I asked slowly and calmly, the Duke of Barieta nodded.

"This job will be of great help to the prince's personal life. And if you're a royal family, you'll have to..."

"Yes, I'm sure everyone knows that I've revealed the scar."

"Ha, look at the forest, not the trees. The Holy Kingdom of Balshas is the brother and ally of the Loun Kingdom."

"So if I go and receive the title of the saint, the Holy Kingdom will protect the kingdom even more?"

He shut his mouth for a moment to my question.

"The royal family has that responsibility. Don't forget. There's nothing good about going against the chastity of the kingdom."

Just a moment of silence at the appearance of saying it as if it were for granted.

An aristocrat who had not grasped his surroundings shouted irritably.

"Then what happens to the land! Prince Davy is Lord of the Hines! The Moon Pool Business, too!"

"Unfortunately, if the prince moves to the Holy Land and is given the title of saint, it is impossible to manage the territory under national law!"

Did he realize something from the words of the Duke of Barieta?

In the eyes of the aristocrats, greed began to grow young.

It was a cursed land that had never been cared for before, but now it was not a dream to be on the money-losing side of the land.

You're being silly.

"Hey, this is going to be fun.'

As I was looking at them with a smile of interest, the nobles began to make noise again and engage in a war of words.

It's as if it's been confirmed that I'm going.

"We must quickly appoint a new lord!"

"That's right. If the Prince is granted the title of the saint, he will have no choice but to find a suitable man and appoint him as the new lord."

"Hmm! Just in time, my poor son is coming of age..."

All of them were trying to somehow connect themselves, or their own flesh and blood, or those involved.

But it wasn't the Duke of Barrietta over it.

This must have been the reason why we shouldn't nationalize the land business.

"I dare to say something about that."

Soon the Duke of Barieta spoke to King Crianes.

"Right now, the land of Hines is entering a period of greater importance than any other land in this country. It's a seat that can't be sat down by anyone."

"Go on."

"So if Prince Davy leaves for the Holy Land and is given the title of the Holy Father, he cannot manage the territory, so someone else should do it for him. To the best of God's knowledge, Prince Carlos II is the only one who can do that."

His meaning was simple.

Sitting down the son of Queen Linnes, Prince Calus.

I will make the business independent and then pass it on to Kalus to monopolize the profits from the Barieta duchess.

It seemed like that was the intention.

In the end, it was a dog's voice that was no different from the first time the aristocrats were excited.

As soon as he finished speaking, the silent boy stood up as if he had waited.

It was Prince Carlos.

However, unlike before, he was wearing a unique hat on his head, which attracted more attention.

The fellow, who had a face full of ridicule toward me, soon got up from his seat and bowed to King Crianes and opened his mouth with a confident face.

the moment when everyone was waiting for words from his mouth

"Frog!"

A grotesque frog's cry came from his mouth to be seen as a human's.

Pooh!

At the same time, my shoulders shook slightly and Persec, who couldn't hold back his laughter, covered my mouth with a cute little hand.

Gifts are best opened in important places.

24. Contact with Dwarf.

"This... this... this..."

Kalus frowned, apparently embarrassed to say it himself.

However, his mouth showed its presence excitedly, contrary to his intentions.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Soon the aristocrats opened their mouths at the sight of a strange bird making the sound of a strange bird.

Will there be a subtle crack in the face of the Duke of Barieta, who had maintained calmness?

"Carlus, what the hell are you doing?"

"That's... that's pretty sad!"

His face was perplexed as to whether he could not control the sound even though it was his own mouth.

"Your Majesty! Rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!"

It only seems to be a joke when it comes to looking good.

You, this is a little... hahahahaha!

Eventually, the former king, who couldn't stand it, burst into laughter.

"Laughing..."

The fact was the same not only for her but also for others.

Some of the nobles burst into laughter at his ridiculous appearance and hurriedly muzzled his face.

Among them, I barely managed to hold back my laughter.

"You dare play tricks on me at the National Assembly! Get away from me!"

In the end, King Krianes' roaring voice, who burst into anger, tried to appeal to him for his injustice.

He shook his head desperately and shouted hurriedly.

"Your Majesty, please believe me! quack quack!"

Guards! Lock him in the room! Behave until I give you orders!"

Your Majesty! Your Majesty! Squirtle! Squirtle!

Kahlus's footsteps, which were taken away by the guards desperately, became worse and finally his hat on his head was taken off.