58 # 58

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 7 of the Three Books

Are you talking about the Dwarfs? But they will not be able to make contact without your orders... ...and they are not a kind of people who easily cooperate with each other because of their high status.]

"I'll take care of that part, just prepare the materials as I told you. At the top of the credit line if possible."

[Oh......yes, I'll make sure I have it ready. The top has already expressed its willingness to offer a completely quick supply at the top of Alaui.]

It is a large continental-sized tower that has been robbed of more than half of its supplies with overwhelming financial strength at the Moon's leaf auction.

Anyway, money smells like ghosts.

That's why it's called the Grand Prize.

[God will not say anything more because he is in charge of this......]

As much as they are proud, they are eager for technology.

I already have two items in my hands that are unintentionally attracting their attention.

Although these are incomplete items that are not even given a name.

* * *

The Dwarf race was formerly called the dwarf or the scribe.

With a height of 100 centimeters to 130 centimeters, they were also a species of short but undeveloped bearded, rattled muscles, and incredibly heat-resistant.

Furthermore, they were once called the Iron Tribe because of their ethnic characteristics.

Unlike the Elves, whose existence itself has become a legend thanks to their disappearance for nearly 300 years, a species called Dwarf has some interaction with humans.

In terms of headcount, there are not many, but they live in mountainous or volcanic areas with a certain number of shortages.

He was born a father-in-law.

They are on the smaller side compared to humans. However, their muscular strength is more than human, and their delicacy is also sophisticated enough to be different from ordinary craftsmen.

In fact, there is no one who can follow Fairy in delicate work.

'I hear Fairy's already gone extinct.'

Yes, but I don't know if he's hiding somewhere like an elf.

As a result, the comparable Fairy race went extinct. As far as it is known, it would be no wonder that Dwarf is called the best artisan tribe in the continent.

King Krianes, who said, "Tell me one thing because of the success of the moon's grass growing."

The nobles must have thought I would be asked to be the next crown prince.

In fact, the kingdom of Loun had no crown prince and had not even been selected.

However, as I was not interested in such a position, I boldly made a different choice.

Allow me to enter the town of Dwarf in the south of the Loun Kingdom.

Like the Dwarfs, who do not welcome exchanges with other races, that was the first condition they offered when they interacted with humans.

Do not enter the tribe's interior without a royal or his representative.

It's no different from what I said not to come openly.

Of course, most dwaffes on the continent would take some daily necessities under such conditions and deliver them to the kingdom with the technology of the dwaff.

The Kingdom of Loun signed such a contract with the Yellow Rock Dwarf people in the south and handed over a considerable amount of meat and liquor each year and received goods of superior quality containing their skills.

In fact, all of the complementary swords and the crowns he was using were excellent works that could be considered dwaffes.

Durability and sharpness of the same rickshaw. Just by looking at the overwhelming difference in preservation power, we could see how great their technological prowess was.

In addition, they had great skills in such fields as architecture, and were immediately the most needed people for Hines land, which lacked time, technology and manpower.

But if they don't go crazy, they will follow you to the Hines estate.

I looked at the carriage procession with a quiet nod to Percerk's words.

For now, you can't let me go alone as you know that I'm trying to contact the town of Dwarf.

As long as he left as an agent for King Krianes, the majority of the users were not uncommon.

Eventually, the journey to find the yellow rock tribe, which was about to leave in a small way, became quite a procession.

Of course, I was so satisfied with the fact that it could have been a bigger procession.

"We are entering the realm of the Yellow Rock tribe."

"Yes,"

One senior driver reported to me as I was getting on the horse and reading slowly.

Obviously, after passing through Mana Gate, I ran down the day, and the surrounding landscape has already turned into a huge yellow-colored rock zone.

I suddenly remembered the reaction when I heard that I wanted to meet the Dwarf.

I've already had a big accident on the land, and I suddenly said I wanted to meet Dwarf, so what are the nobles trying to do with him? King Criannes looked at me silently.

May I ask why?'

'We need their power to maintain the land's facilities.'

'Hmm...'

'Well... Degradation! The Dwarf people are very strict! If you don't want to provoke them...'

I shouted, "No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, I ignored everything they said."

I'm sure I'll have to think so when this happens.

It was natural in a way that if they went against their feelings and left for the territory of another country, it would be a great loss even for the Loun Kingdom.

'They are not human.' Davy, if you're trying to provoke them with a lack of thought, no matter how much...'

'Don't worry. At least I'll prepare some suggestions that won't be met.'

It was safe to say that the drivers who followed me in the procession were also those who were attached to monitor me from causing accidents, even if they knew about it.

I'm sorry to them for not hiding any signs of anxiety... ...but I'm going to have an accident.

Black smoke and the smell of iron. I miss this smell, too.

Did you ever get involved with Dwarf?'

I wonder how old she was, but she didn't see Dwarf.

Perserk, who was slowly enjoying the surrounding scenery in the air, looked interesting when he saw the smell of the corny iron and the black smoke coming from afar.

How long she had been asleep in the sword, everything in the world seemed new and fresh again, and her expression was light.

And the procession stopped when it reached a huge gate made of iron and wood that obscured the huge rock crevices in the rocky terrain.

"Stop! Who!"

As soon as I passed the rock zone, someone blocked the procession and pulled out my head from the big lookout.

A dwarf tribe that is about a meter tall, muscular, and as tall as my beard.

It was Dwarf of the Yellow Rock Tribe who set up the site here.

Wearing a huge loom-ax in one hand and a strong armor-bearer all over their body, they seemed to be the watchmen guarding the tribe.

"I'm from the royal family of the Lown Kingdom! Allow me to enter the Yellow Rock Tribe!"

Then on my behalf, a senior engineer slowly drove the horse forward and shouted.

"Give me permission to enter the village? We didn't hear that."

They seemed to be in great trouble because they suddenly came in without prior calls.

"I've brought you a good offer."

As I said with a good smile on behalf of the knights, Dwarf, who was holding the most sparkling armor and battle hammer, looked at me anxiously.

"And you?"

"This is Davy, Prince 1 of the Lounge Kingdom."

"Hmm! Guard Captain Gerd."

He looked at his head several times, awkwardly coughing.

"A promise is a promise. But there is a great problem in the tribe at the moment, and you cannot deal with the nations of man."

"What are you talking about? You can't make a deal!"

"Well, I don't know! Promise is promise, come in! But leave the horse there, and we don't get along very well with the horse."

The knights frowned unpleasantly at the words of guard General Gerd, but I silently got off my horse and walked towards the huge iron gate that began to open slowly.

* * *

The village of the Yellow Rock tribe is quite large.

The number of dwaffes living in the village is about 2,000, and considering the ecology of dwaffes living in small groups, it was safe to say that it was actually a mid-sized shortage.

"Oh... ..."

"Oh, my God, he's moving on his own."

"How does he move like that?"

The people and knights in the procession that followed me were amazed at the way the doors and various mechanical devices were moving by themselves.

It is rare for humans to enter the village except for a few things.

In other words, even though they have seen Dwarf, it was the first time they had come into such a village.

And the fact is that not only humans but also dwaffes.

Dwarfs inside the village who were making a lot of noise also looked wary of our sudden appearance.

"Human? How could a human being be in this town?"

"Are the humans trying to attack us?"

Anxiety, alert curiosity.

Because of the mixed emotions, the procession drew attention as if it had become a monkey at a zoo.

"Well, you're really gonna be okay, Deha."

If you don't like them for nothing, you'll be scared because I'm not the problem, but my necks will run away.

A driver asked me carefully, but I didn't say anything with a calm expression.

"Don't make a fuss about it. Stay with me, I'll save you if you have a problem."

They looked relieved because they were relieved by what I said, but they couldn't erase their anxiety.

After waiting outside most of the processors, I entered the building with a couple of knights and a huge mechanical mix, and I saw an old warp waiting for me on a quiet round table.

He was a man with an unusually long beard and a large size compared to other dwaffs.

Looking at the wrinkles, he seems to be quite old, but as if he still shows his correctness, the one-handed axe filled his waistline was full of spirit enough to beat the monster to death right away.