53 # 53

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the second installment of the third volume.

But I know this is the ruins of Sert, but it's already been revealed.

"It looks like it's all dug up."

He said he left something that I could definitely know.

That's probably because something he taught me when he taught me was the key to his secret dungeon and the detector.

The problem was that there was no trace of it no matter how much I looked at it.

Well... you, I don't think she should say this, but...

Someone has already found it.

That's the question.

But I looked around the ruins one by one in silence until the end.

Then, he climbed up high and squinted his eyes as he looked down at the entire site.

It's pretty quiet for a tourist attraction.

Although it is a fairly famous tourist destination, the population was not so large due to the lack of tourism in the world.

In fact, there was no sign of his power or anything.

My eyes were wide open because it was a scene of the remains showing off their appearance in silence like a riddle.

I heard that most of the historic sites of Cheonil Yajang are made of stone and special metals. That's why they're still maintaining that form thousands of years later.

I didn't respond to the way he gave me his own knowledge.

Instead, he muttered as if writing something in the air.

If he is not sure enough to say with confidence, he can only say that the difficulty he has hidden is crazy.

And if he's someone I know, he'd only use one thing to hide.

"Form 7 on 1... Form 23 on 11..."

What is it?

"Code."

I laughed at the short muttering.

"I found it."

Persec has tilted his head, perhaps because of a questionable feeling in my confident voice.

Surely, no one but me will find anything here if it's hidden like this.

I came down from a high place without regret and entered the interior of the ruins, and only after I got to the position that seemed like a workshop of relics, I put my hand on an anvil attached to the floor in an integral part of the floor.

The overall form of the ruins is Sert's home and his studio during his lifetime.

The problem is that the area is large enough to be significantly different from ordinary workshops, but as a result, it was mostly the space that he touched.

It's just a pile of stones with no pillars or ceilings left.

Nevertheless, his dungeon remained intact.

How can I be sure?

If it is a space that can only be entered in this way, it is natural not to be found even if you die.

As soon as the surrounding area was over, I pulled out my hand that I had put on the floor and pulled Manna up.

Then he gathered the manna at the tip of his fingers and began tapping on the side of the anvil.

Like a Morse code.

What are you looking at to find out?

"The entire site is coded. It's written in several letters from a high place."

Realizing what I meant, she gasped out her breath.

The code of the ruins simply indicated one thing.

That there is an entrance to the central anvil.

And, you need a specific password to enter.

You're gonna hide the door with this code, and you're gonna give me everything you find?

It's been a long time since my seemingly meaningless behavior continued.

Ferserk, who was just watching my actions silently, opened his eyes slightly to the changes that soon took place.

[Growl...]

At the same time, for a very short time, starting with the sound of a low animal's cry, it suddenly turned into light and disappeared.

And, as if no one had found me missing, the site was again in silence.

* * *

subterranean space

If you think that the space is just below ground level, it's actually a misjudgment.

Underground dungeon. Oh, my God, isn't the way to get in and out too vicious?

"So you said you could take everything if you could come in. I heard that he left such a message in his will before he died. It's almost forgotten now."

At that time, countless people would have been worried about taking over Sert's legacy.

Result?

If we succeeded, we wouldn't be so fine here.

How many meters below is this underground space?

Surt, didn't he put a lot of effort into it? Magic Circle to shut down the underground pressure, and they've made it air-borne. Wizards must have been quite brainwashed back then.

How much lower is it?"

You don't know that. Considering the behavior of the 1,000-day night market she remembers, it would not be strange to say that it is 1 to 200 meters below.

That's why it hasn't been discovered for thousands of years.

Incoming conditions were possible for anyone, but that did not mean anyone could enter.

In order to enter, a sign created by Sert was needed.

There were some people I knew in the past, but now I'm the only one I know.

No one else would have known by the time Sert died, so if I hadn't met him, this dungeon would have been burned forever.

The dungeon... more than this... it's just a living space.

As he said.

The structure of the underground dungeon was shaped like someone had lived in seclusion.

The community was quite large for one person.

But it was full of necessary things.

Although, over time, the only thing that preserves the form properly was a few items that had a subtle scent of mana.

a rugged anvil and a brazier that has already been extinguished

And the tools and research he used during his lifetime.

Although he did not do so in the corridor, he was a lunatic who spent his life working as a blacksmith.

What else should I say since I judged myself that way?

After his last sword, Caldiras, he entered the area after Hares' death and spent the rest of his life working on one task before dying.

Although his body died on the ground, everything before his death was contained here.

Slowly moving into the room, he was filled with books that seemed to have written.

journals containing his own skills that no blacksmith on the continent could imitate.

His nickname is "One Thousand Days' Night Market."

However, it was called so among dwaffes, a tribe of artisans.

the devil's blacksmith

It's a little cheesy, but they didn't know it was the right expression.

Surt was also great at making general swords, but the technology to mix Manna and make something was truly enormous.

Usually, craftsmen take pride in making something purely by tapping metal.

However, limitations exist.

Surt began to touch Manna to break that limitation and often used him to create weapons.

And what was made at the end was the sword Caldiras, which every craftsman on the continent wanted to see at least once.

A great blacksmith who went out of his way and ruled Sado.

That is why it is called the Devil's Captain.

However, I heard that many people wanted to make the same kind of martial arts by selling their souls.

The first man to make a great weapon called the Shingam.

It's not a sword made by God, but it's a great sword made by man.

If a sword with a ninth degree divine power and self-sufficiency is not a sword, what would it be called?

It is called the 1,000-day field because humans made Caldiras by hammering for 1,000 days without a break, but the Dwarf even mixed the power of Mana.

But at the same time, it is a legendary field that must be respected.

That was the image of a human blacksmith named Sutra.

It's all the traces of a cart......

Perserk moaned briefly to see if he had a faint memory.

Is it longing or sadness?

With her faint expression on her face, she pulled out a book without a word and opened it, and Mana's remnants slowly scattered and old pages began to appear.

It was an ancient language not used in this era.

However, it was also a familiar letter to me.

Would he have handed over the pages silently?

Since he first grabbed the hammer, a book containing his life was considered important.

[Reservation]

I reached out without a word and remembered the preservation magic that scattered through the book, and I put the handwritten notes back in the bookshelf and walked away.

You don't take everything?

"It's right here that there's a sign of the suit. We can come back later if we need to."

It wouldn't be a bad idea to make a mobile magic wand.

While looking around his workshop in silence and touching the tools, I soon picked out only the rough hammer he had used during his lifetime and entered the big space.

This place is like an altar.

There were many rooms in the common.

A study full of bookshelves. A bedroom. a kitchen made for a meal a food depot

And the end was like a huge altar.

"Anyway, you pseudo-believer..."

Is it an altar dedicated to the god of blacksmiths that doesn't exist?

As I entered without a word, I could see that the large safe was tightly closed on the altar and that it was showing off its dignity.

To be exact, it looked like a safe, not a god.

Coooooooong!

At the same time, I heard a low cry like a mission again as if I felt my steps.

[Growl...]

There's someone.

The sound wasn't just for me.

I fixed my eyes on the safe, leaving her glancing around with a heavily leaning expression.

It was similar to the low crying sound I felt before I came here.

Should I call it a thought or a sound?

In any case, the sound came from the safe.

It's my first time having such a deep sense of purpose.

There was definitely no life.

But the idea was crying as if something really living was sending a will.

The will contained in the low cry was simple.

Boundary

It looks like the safe is alive, but unless you are a fool, you can fully see that it is something in the safe that is sending thoughts.

What's inside the safe is the last piece of work that Sert created.

There will be two twin swords that have never been completed and died.

That's why you didn't come all this way in the first place.

It sounded as if he was crying low as if he was telling me not to approach anymore, but I unlocked the metal without hesitation.

Though my thoughts were intimidating, I did not directly prevent my actions.

Soon, the door opened itself as if it had been waiting, and the interior began to be visible.

Caldiras, the black body that declared that Southe was the best sword in his life.

but

If these two swords had been completed, how would the modifier have changed?

One of the best swords?

Or the second best sword?

It is natural that there will be a slight difference between the level of the sword made with obligation and the sword made while enjoying it.