51 # 51

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the 26th installment of the second volume

"But degradation, wouldn't this have been a very close coincidence? It can't be warm all year on this continent, where all four seasons are distinct from such cumbersome natural changes."

"Don't worry about that and keep going. And the scale is not increased for the time being. I'll clear the land in a different direction and sell you the farmland."

"Yes? Ah... yes!"

Amy and others were nodding their heads without further puking at my words.

Too much greed is bad.

The balance between supply and demand is important.

"Monster, talk to General Bernil and repair the facilities in the territory. First, I'm going to take care of the parts that I couldn't use. A major shakeup is after I get back."

"I'll take it."

"We can't ignore the royal summons, so let's go."

I got up from my desk without regret and wrapped around my light-wrapped cross-dress.

"Lower. What about the attendants?"

"I'm coming alone."

"What?"

At my absurd remarks, General Bernil tried to say more, but he was silent.

It's certainly not a normal situation, but I can't help it either.

* * *

Looking back on the memory left by Surt, who was called the Thousand Days Night Market, it was clear that his dungeon was somewhere between the Hines estate and the capital.

But it cannot be pointed out clearly.

At least he was thousands of years old.

The mountain will change in 10 years.

Thousands of years later, it is honestly impossible to know whether his legacy will actually remain there.

It would not be strange if someone had emptied the ruins first and taken the legacy of Surt.

No matter how good a seal is, it will eventually weaken before time.

That good example is right in front of you.

You, the way you look at her is weird.

"It's nothing."

Hmm. . . . .

She squinted at me with her eyes squinting with something strangely unpleasant.

You didn't think of anything weird about her, did you?

I see it as an unsealed living witness.

"Yes, yes."

.......

I smiled and looked around, leaving her with a look of distrust at the end.

"We've arrived."

Isn't this Balharashad?

"That's right."

Before I went to the palace, the place I arrived was also famous on the continent.

It was one of the few tourist attractions in the Kingdom of Loun, and was one of the territories in which the Continental Union strives to preserve and study.

And...

Queen Linness's home as my enemy.

It was also one of the jurisdictions of the Duke of Barieta.

It won't be a good place for you.

Still, the aristocracy must have been shaken quite a bit. The atmosphere is serious."

No one recognized me because I was dressed as a free mercenary rather than a prince or a lord.

If the aristocrats who know my face see me, the story will change.

As a result, the entire land was in a tight atmosphere from the entrance.

"Identity card."

"Here you are."

"Um... ...Davira."

F-grade free mercenary Davey.

He was also an ambitious camouflage to come here.

Same name?

What does it matter if there are people with the same name in the world?

The watch of the guard, who was staring at my face without a word, suddenly turned to my grade.

Grade F. It was a grade that meant a completely new mercenary.

"Ha."

At the same time, there was a subtle sneer around his lips.

"No, go back."

"What?"

"You must be here to explore a new labyrinth discovered this time, so don't think too hard about it!"

His behavior of pushing and talking to me was very rough.

What was surprising was that no one was strange about the behavior of the guards.

As if they were used to it.

"Ha, what's the situation?"

He looked at my feet and shouted as if he were unlucky, as he was laughing for nothing.

"Next!"

It was an act that seemed to have no intention of paying attention to me anymore.

"......."

the aristocracy of the world It's like the front yard of the Duke of Barieta.

The country is reeling to the point where it is said that the aristocrats' campaign has gotten worse and should be replaced once, but after checking the reality, the situation looked more serious.

"Hey."

An old man approached me, staring blankly at the gate.

"Have you come far?"

"Well, that's what happened."

"Come on. You don't know it yet."

"What's going on in the territory?"

"No, nothing's going on."

At my question, the old man sighed and shook his head.

"Look over there."

Let's turn our attention to what he says...

It's rotten.

People passing through the door to the guards as if they were paying a toll.

The amount of money is not large, but it was strictly against the law.

a toll duty

Hasn't it been long since the law was revised?

Without a word, as I looked at the guards, the old man patted me on the shoulder, took something small out of my pocket and held it in my hand.

"Huh... he's got a scary eye for him."

said the old man, his tongue twitched.

"It's not unusual. Give me this and go in."

"Adult?"

"I'll let you in, even if it's not enough. Don't get flogged and get it."

For now, I was a commoner because I was a camouflage. When he entered the throne as a prince, he naturally had to pay attention to the Duke of Barieta.

I tried to keep quiet and move on, but what nonsense is this?

"Why did you... ..."

"Oh, I'm just reminded of my young grandson back home. Don't be in big trouble. Just take it."

There was no lie in the old man's mind.

His authenticity was felt in almost reflexively checking information.

I felt like my blood was cold as I appreciated.

'Wow, this...'

Do as you please.

There was a devilish whisper of Persec.

Well, it's not wrong to say that's not true.

As a result, her whispers were of a very welcome sort.

That's right, my contractor isn't a great man to do complicated things that go back when the traffic gets stuck.

Ignoring her mumbling, I put my purse back in the old man's hand.

"I appreciate your words, but save this money and buy a present for the grandson."

The old man's face was young in what I said.

"Are you..."

"I don't think I need it."

Then I slowly pulled myself up.

Then he wiped the dirt off his body and strode along.

"Hmm? What, is it still on?"

When I stood in front of him again without going back, he reached out to me with a look of annoyance.

"Give it to me."

He said, "Give me tolls without further consideration."

It was a very familiar behavior.

We do not accept tolls unless it is a large-scale procession for other people, or for trade."

"What?"

His eyes slightly frown at my words. But I didn't stop and continued.

The tolls that an individual receives are strictly controlled by the national law."

"Ha... What is he talking about?"

He began to giggle at my words.

All the guards around him giggled and started laughing at me.

They deserved it otherwise.

A sudden new mercenary is talking nonsense while suddenly grabbing the weight that he didn't even become.

"So."

It was not long before the guard standing in front of me threateningly asked me.

"What am I supposed to do? Get the invoice out of here right now..."

"I'm warning you for the last time before we take care of it under national law. Return all the money you have received so far and plead guilty. I'll give you a heads-up."

a high-handed way of voice

It was a bit theatrical, but it didn't matter. What does this have to do with anything?

It's just the same process.

The famous lines of the detectives that you can appoint a lawyer and exercise your right to remain silent.

"Hahahahaha!!"

"You'll see him!"

At last my words, the guards began to laugh and giggle.

At the same time, when they realized that the atmosphere was not serious, they began to feel embarrassed.

Among them, the face of the old man who tried to help me was blue.

It wouldn't be strange if I fell by their swords right away.

Rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

Then, as they expected, a guard pulled a sword from me and pointed a sword at my neck.

"Hey, new mercenary baby. They're telling me where I am."

"What's the difference if you die?"

"You don't intend to obey the law?"

"Ha. We're the law here! And in this land, the Duke of Barieta is the law!"

They shamelessly shouted at my question.

That was enough.

"Yeah, I think so."

"What?"

"You punk!"

As the voices of the guards grew louder, the surrounding area began to become noisy.

An old man was seen trying to cover up the situation and reached out his hand first.

I don't mean to complicate things by letting you step up.

Bam!

As soon as I finished speaking, my hand, which moved, hit the back of the guard's hand with the sword.

At the same time, his hand was forcibly released and I missed the sword, and I didn't miss the gap and snatched it.

The center of gravity is the worst, and the quality of the sword is the worst.

It is impossible without a lot of skills or muscle strength, but the problem was that my strength could pull out a person's head with bare hands.

Do you think Sodmaster is called a rider for nothing?

"Huh?"

Hurry!!!

And as soon as the worst long-sword was squeezed into his hand, a white flash flashed and something round broke through the air.

The speed was not that fast because it was wielded with a heavy blade without pulling out the oracle blade.

However, that alone would have already been a quick test beyond the eyes of ordinary people.

Everyone was silent in the moment, and I stared at the round thing that fell on the floor, turned to other guards, and spoke as if I had declared.

Forced and blackmailing the people of the kingdom is directly linked to the embezzlement of state funds, and the responsibility falls on those who condoned the situation here and all those who knew about it."

Their right to justice may lie with the Duke of Barieta, the lord of this estate.

It had already been unreasonably established since the blasphemy of the royal family, and if not, I was not the one to care about it.

On the contrary, I just want to see the image of the aristocrats under the duchess of Barieta, who is currently managing the land on behalf of the Duke of Barieta.

"You know, the rust-eaters are doing this against the common people who can't live well?"

In my words, the gates of Valhashad turned cold as if they had poured cold water on them.

"Get me the janitor. You're not as good as a dog."

My horse got cold again.