66 # 66

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 15 of the Three Books

27. Fearless vampires.

"How long have I been here?"

I suddenly had such a question. It doesn't seem like it's been long, but it wasn't clear.

Once you're into your work, you've been out of your mind for days and days and knocked on the hammer.

It's over.

"You've had a long time."

No, she's had an interesting sight, so she's paid for it.

I tilted my head at her words, which made me laugh cutely.

"Exciting sightseeing?"

Well, that's enough!

"Hey, what is it, tell me."

I tried to push her out of anxiety, but she stuck her tongue out at me and hid herself like a scatterbrain.

The sight of him saying he never wanted to tell me seemed to evoke a strange uncomfortable feeling, but he shook it out of his head. It won't make any difference if you think about it anyway.

Yikes! Boom!

Soon after, as I slowly opened the door of a tightly closed private workshop, I could see some young dwaffes standing in front of me with blank expressions dozing off.

They were artisans, but they seemed to have been keeping me from making a fuss while I was here.

"Hmm..."

I thought about letting them sleep, but I woke them up without hesitation.

"Wow... what?"

Dwarf, who came to his senses at my touch, soon opened his eyes to me with hazy eyes.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

"Have you seen a ghost?"

"Uh... sir! I'm sorry!"

"No, I'm not sorry, but what are you doing here?"

"That's... you bastard! Don't sleep! Get up!"

Soon after, Dwarf, who was embarrassed, gibberish and beat his colleague Dwarf, who was dozing next to him, to wake him up.

"Huh! Sir! You're out!"

"We were keeping an eye on anyone who might interfere with your work!"

"How long has it been since I went in?"

It's been about four days. Are you all right?"

"Four days?"

"Yes, I'm so frustrated that you didn't come out of the door and didn't come out anyway... oh, no! I'll tell the elders about this."

I was absentminded for a long time at the sight of the Dwarfs running in a hurry.

He basically stayed up all night working, but he didn't eat, slept, and knocked on the hammer for four days.

It was a near-crazy obsession.

Persec's muttering caused a strange uneasiness, but he didn't have the courage to ask at the end.

He spent nearly 96 hours working on his work, drinking water without sleeping or eating.

It wouldn't have been weird if I had stayed a little longer and fell overworking.

After realizing the fact, I felt strangely tired.

Why don't you get some sleep?

"So far, I'm fine."

He said so, but he was very tired because he poured his heart out for a long time.

The Dwarfs seemed to be busy interpreting and studying some of the hints I had left before I went into work.

"Oh! Master!"

"You're out!"

Dwarf craftsmen, who were arguing with each other, rushed to me, throwing what they were doing at my appearance.

It looked like a child running toward a person who gave out snacks.

"Have you been making progress?"

"That's right! I've made some progress by interpreting some of the hints from my teacher!"

Like a proud child, Elder Golda showed something big on one side.

So far, I still feel a little sloppy, but I felt like a pretty good finished product would come out with a little bit of work.

"Well... more than that, sir, is that done?"

An old man who couldn't hold back his curiosity carefully asked.

Other dwaffes also didn't say anything, but they didn't stop him from being curious.

"Oh, this one. There's a better guy than I thought."

When I put down the two bundles of cloth I was holding in my arms, their exclamations began to flow out.

"Oh!"

"Is this the work of a thousand nights' worth?"

"Finally done!"

It was contrary to the appearance of those who looked tired because they were researching new things.

"Uh, sir! Come on, show me!"

"Oh, dear..."

When the bochae untied the cloth, the two swords, which had not yet existed, began to show off their appearance with a gentle glow.

Hongdan with a subtle reddish color and Cheongdan with a blue color.

Just looking at it made me feel weird as if it was spreading out in a momentarily.

"Oh... ..."

"Oh, my God! The sword shines on itself..."

"Is this really a weapon made in the hands of a craftsman?"

They fell to their knees as if they were praying to God.

Some of them even showed tears as if a true reader had received God.

"I can't believe I've seen this masterpiece... ...and I've given you this great stuff. I can die now!"

"Me, too!"

"Oh... ...look at this fine figure!"

It's definitely great. By the standards of a blacksmith, it is a masterpiece that is hard to see again, and from the standpoint of knights who use a sword, they want to trade for their lives and swing it at least once.

The Dwarfs, who instinctively noticed the strange power of the sword, wanted to ask me about the efficacy of the sword, but I didn't give them that chance.

"I'm a human being, so I'd like to take a break."

"Hmm!"

"Mi, I'm sorry."

While saying so, the Dwarves could not easily give up their desire to see the sword.

* * *

As a result, I stretched out.

When I came to my senses again, the day was over. I've recovered my strength so much that I don't feel tired easily.

Perhaps due to his considerable effort in making the sword, he created a mishap that stretched out almost beyond anyone's knowledge.

Of course, it made me feel like I slept really comfortably.

Later, as soon as I came to my senses, I began to spend my time relaxing by transferring knowledge that would help the Dwarfs to complete the new stuff they had been thinking about.

"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

"Oh, that's supposed to lower the fire temperature. Basically, metal with more than Missril strength and mana affinity should be changed to keep the temperature of the fire in time so that it doesn't get too hard."

"Hooray..."

"And, Elder Romdy. Don't try to force yourself to form a grain of salt. as natural as a water spill"

You mean, like this?"

"Lighter, please."

"Oh! I see! Thank you, sir! Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!

Whoever they are.

They are the chief craftsmen of the town of Handwarf.

Although there were some who were not elders, this was also the place where only outstanding craftsmen who were recognized for their skills gathered.

They're also very proud of themselves.

Even among the same dwaffes, only the outstanding people are on the presidency, but if other people look at the current situation, it is no different from the young people who are now learning the night market.

Their enthusiasm was so great.

Once they laid down their pride, they had no pure passion. Their eyes were full of enthusiasm, just like when they first caught the hammer.

Therefore, teaching them something new was very interesting and rewarding as a teacher.

Dwarf is a race of hot temperament and stubbornness, but has a strong grace relationship.

It was tantamount to paying them a huge debt.

And the more they appreciate me, the more I could say it wasn't as bad a deal as I had a lot to gain from them.

That's not what I'm feeling.

"You can play comfortably with justification. How nice.'

You're a laid-back personality.

"When you have a chance, you need to rest well. You need to eat well and live comfortably."'

I wish she had a body.

For some reason, if she has a body, she will probably lie down and drink fruit drinks all day long.

It was safe to say that there were no worries as the situation in the territory was heard through a communication tool from General Bernil.

Since it takes about a month more time for the land to start rolling properly, is it just a blank look at the sky even if I say I'm on the land?

Thanks to the technology I teach, the second production process of this new material began to flow smoothly, and soon the huge sword, the main body of the new body, began to reveal its grandeur.

I made the basic nuclei and skeletons, but the rest are made with their skills and skills, so the pride and pride they feel must be great.

Even a simple tool for me, they'll be the spiritual leader of the Dwarfs again.

The joy of recreating a new object again through their own hands may not be a normal thrill.

There is a high rocky cliff road with a good view of the outside when you come a little away from the area where Dwarf lives.

This is the way to get wood for firewood by the artisans of the Yellow Rock tribe, which was a perfect place to see the nearby scenery, regardless of whether it was a product of chance or who made it for them.

What do you mean?

In other words, there are few places like this to set up a hammock in a nearby tree and spend time lying down.

"Thank you very much, sir, even though we are often told that the Dwarf are hot-tempered, the relationship of grace is certain. I will never forget this grace even when I die."

While I was crunching a juicy fruit that looked similar to palm fruit, someone came up and handed me a unique-looking ceramic.

He was the oldest of the Yellow Rock tribe, the elder of Golgotha.

"Oh, Elder Golgotha."

"It's, um... it's my brother's favorite drink, but I hear he's quite fond of it."

After the creation of Chengdan and Hongdan, it has been quite a while since they have passed on their knowledge to the Dwarf craftsmen from time has passed.

In the meantime, he taught technology during the day and worked with dwaffes at night.

The Dwarfs were very friendly to me, who knew the courtesy of Dwarf as a human being and gave them a rope that would be tantamount to salvation.

Of course, there is nothing more to be liked by beating the eight-year-old Golda Inspiration, who is the best drunkard.