60 # 60

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 9 of the Three Books

Planning is important.

Dwarves' favorite things are alcohol and gambling.

Not all dwaffes are like that, but surprisingly, these dwarfs love to gamble moderately because they are sure to end it.

In fact, those who have been under stress due to blocked work often relieve their stress by gambling or drinking.

No matter how good a craftsman is, he can't be without work stress.

"Hmm? What's going on here?"

As soon as I entered the huge tavern, it was none other than the eight elder Golda who greeted me.

You said you were busy, you didn't have time to trade, what's with you here?

It was clear that the number of cups in front of them was enough for ordinary humans to stick their tongue out.

"You seem pretty busy, but you seem to have some free time. Let's have a drink together."

He smiled and shouted, looking at me silently as I sat across from him with a relaxed face.

"Huh! If you don't take a proper rest for anything important, you can't do what you haven't done, and now that my brother Golgoda has kicked us out, let's have a drink?"

"I heard Dwarf's solo is that strong."

"What? Solo?"

It was not the 8th Elder Golda who responded to me, but the Dwarf Warden Gert, who was nearby.

The two sides, who thought they'd be guarding the door, are drinking here.

"Hey! Malcolm! The man here wants to drink alone!"

"Huh?"

Gert's words drew attention from all around him.

Dwarves, who were drunk and didn't even know I had come in, were soon busy looking at me as if I were a strange animal.

"Hahahahahaha!"

"Drinking solo? Your liver is really swollen! Besides, is it the Elder Golda who works with you?"

And soon he began to make noise everywhere as if he understood what I meant.

"Hey, man, did you say Davey?"

"That's right."

"I'm saying this because I'm an old woman, but Dwarf's solo is not an ordinary alcohol, it's too strong for humans to drink."

"Well, that's enough."

Smiling, I picked up a glass of wine in front of him and flipped it.

A clean yet terrible smell of alcohol stabbed the tip of the nose strongly.

"Huh?!"

"Hooray..."

At the same time, it was hard to be surprised by the faces of the dwarfs who were giggling and giggling around them.

"Pooha! Yeah, this is what alcohol should do."

I clicked my tongue with a smile.

I don't know what kind of taste it is.

'To be honest, it's tough, it's disgusting.'

"I think it's a little weak, but it doesn't matter. What do you think, Elder 8? Would you like to join me?"

Golda, who looked at me in surprise at my words, opened her eyes.

The eyes were a little wide open as if they were still annoying, but they were quite surprised.

"Hey, you sure you're okay? Bottoms up? Can you figure out how many of these there are?"

"It's good enough."

"Hahahahahahahahahahaha!"

He finally started to burst into laughter at my words.

Wait a minute. Boom your glass! He looked at me with his eyes full of heat, which he put down loudly.

"Okay, we Dwarf don't neglect the drinkers! Let's do it! Hey, Malcolm! I'll buy it, so bring this little boy here to the prince as much as you want!"

"I'm not responsible!"

The muscular Dwarf, who was wearing an apron, shook his head and entered the kitchen.

And for a moment, a glass full of the same amount of solo as Golda arrived in front of me.

"Dwolf likes to bet, and what does he want if he wins one thing? Although I'm not in a position to accept any of your suggestions because of something important at the present."

"Tell me the story."

Be careful when you approach.

He chuckled at my words to see if he liked something.

And

No one could say first, holding the handle of a wooden glass and glaring at each other.

"I won't let you go. If I win, you leave this place. It's been a while since I liked someone, but the timing is bad."

"As much as you want."

* * *

"Yeah... hey. I'm fine, why don't you give up now?"

"I think you're at your limit now."

"Oh, my God... you're such a tough bastard..."

I thought he would be more stubborn, but he's cleaner than I thought.

In the first place, drunkenness was a master-class masterpiece for me.

Of course, it's like staying on with your mind, but my mental strength remains unchanged even if I'm not in good physical condition.

a pure swindler

'You don't have to use Manna to win that much.'

What the hell do you have to do to make it happen?

The past came dimly to Persek's question, which he asked as if he was amazing.

One of the two teachers who taught me the sword.

a hero who unified everything as soon as he appeared in a crowd of midfield

At first I wondered why he became a hero, remaining a terror in people's minds.

It's just that he was an emotional person after all.

a hero of only one man

Other heroes in the corridor called Cheonma Dokgojun so.

Only one hero.

'Well, all I've ever heard of is the world.'

In any case, it was because of his evil spirit, Dokgo-jun, that I had this crazy drinking capacity.

the best drunkard in name and reality

Not to mention that even Daphne, a devout saint who loved alcohol, warned him not to make a big deal with him.

The problem is that learning a sword from him naturally led to more masterpieces with him.

Now that I think about it, I thought that the most difficult part of his training was his masterpiece at the masterpiece.

It is not easy to hold out since the main player is the soloist who sends the transcendent who deals with Manna at once.

'It's like a duff solo compared to the two of you.'

You want to learn more? Kkkk! Then go get another bottle. I'll teach you if you eat and hang in there. For your information, if you stretch out, you'll get a hit.]

The scene of serving alcohol as a god and carrying out missionary work still lingers in my memory.

"Oh, my God. I never thought there was a man who drank better than Dwarf."

"The world is wide, isn't it?"

"Hahahahahahahaha! Ping ping in front of me... Do...

Boom!

In the end, Golda couldn't overcome her drunkenness and fell asleep by putting her head on the table.

Anyone could see that the winner of the drinking contest was revealed.

"Oh! Golda's old man's down!"

"You have a rare experience!"

"Hahahahahaha!"

As Golda stretched out, the surrounding area began to grow noisy again.

Even the Dwarfs, who were stunned by my ridiculous drinking capacity, giggled about what was so exciting.

He's a good judge of a man who couldn't keep his body under the influence of alcohol until just now.

"Human! That's amazing!"

"Oh, my God, how did you drink all that?!"

"I didn't expect the best drunkard in my tribe to go out like that!"

The highest salary?

I laughed and saw him, but he was completely unconscious and stretched out because of his terrible drunkenness.

I'll have to wait a day.

'Right?

As I saw Golda being carried away by the Dwarves, I soon smiled at the rest of the Dwarfs.

"Who wants to play a game with me next?"

If it's on fire, we should at least have a campfire.

* * *

"Yes, a bet is a bet. Yeah, what makes you so curious?"

"Did you say it was the first flash? That's why the tribe is in disarray."

He stood firm when he was drunk at my words.

Then he smiled and fell down on the table.

"What's the big deal? The problem is that the old sword that protects our yellow rock tribe broke."

"It's broken?"

"Yeah, it's a ghost's job."

I was wondering if he was dissatisfied and sighed.

"Then can I give up?"

He looked at me as if he was trying to grasp my intentions for my selfless question.

"It's an old, unbroken sword, but in a sense it's more of a spiritual pillar."

"I see. I'm sorry."

"Each tribe has been taking turns managing the sword. A tribe that has received a sword is a promise and a rule to manage it for a certain period of time. This time, my father took care of it, but he died earlier than I thought, and he was in charge of it and my brother Golgotha."

The situation was roughly understood by what he said. The new type of duff that was spinning around came over due to a lack of yellow rocks this time. However, when Golda's father, who was qualified as a caretaker, died earlier, the official was quickly transferred to the Golda and the Golgotha brothers.

The sword was broken in that yard.

He looked at me silently as I roughly grasped the situation and pointed my head.

"Yeah, I'll ask because I like you. Is that all you really want to know?"

I grinned at his question. Dwarf has a strong sense of pride, but he certainly responds with goodwill to his kindred people. I only did a masterpiece with him, but I didn't care about my image from the first meeting.

"The truth is, I have some kind of fielding skill. Can I take a look at the work as a junior?"

His body flinched at my words.

* * *

As soon as it dawned, Golda headed to the central workshop, the highest workshop of the Yellow Rock tribe, as if he had poured alcohol into it.

And I walked silently in with him.

Although the world is a world of magic, the scientific power of this world is slightly less than that of the Earth because of the development of magic.

In fact, most kingdoms and empires can't even make the furnace temperature technically extremely high on Earth without the power of magic or alchemy.

Most of the blacksmith's braziers, located in the territories or cities, were only melting iron.

However, the Dwarf conversation was different.

This conversation, which boasts a huge size, is simply the pride of Dwarf, whose technological prowess is united.

Hundreds of spinning wheels automatically apply paste and are made of special materials that withstand the heat of ultra-high heat.

As a result, the heat raised by the dialogue channel reached 3,000 degrees Celsius.

Of course, if you raise the temperature too much with that excellent conversation, it will slowly break down.

These are all made of their own technology without magic or alchemy.

In my explanation, Persec flew up after me with an interesting nod.

Even if she had lived a long life, she wouldn't have mastered this part. Most of the forms she has lived in are spirit. It was a natural result if it was natural.

"Hey, Gol... hey, who are you bringing?"