63 # 63

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 12 of the Three Books

The change took place in an instant.

The brazier, which was full of red flames, began to mix with my manna and soon turned into a brilliant blue flame.

The temperature did not change. There was an atmosphere where something fundamental seemed to have been reversed.

"Well... the temperature should be this much."

Whether the faces of the Dwarfs were questioned or shocked, I waited in silence until the temperature of the brazier rose to a proper level.

And when the temperature rises to a satisfactory level.

I put in the metal I had prepared without hesitation, warmed it red, and pulled it out.

Then, they placed it on the anvil, and fixed it with a number of tongs.

If the size is small, I'll hold it myself, but the size of the basic disk is quite a considerable

"What are you doing? The alloys of cadium and missril are not allowed! It's basic common sense!"

"Oh, my God, I didn't let humans in either!!"

They were fools to expect something for a very short time.

The Dwarfs thought so and expressed their relentless displeasure toward me.

But their rage soon became as calm as if they had poured cold water.

"Who said you shouldn't steal anything other than common sense."

Bang!

The clear sound of tapping something hollow hit their ears.

"The Dwarfs? Or a thousand-day night market?"

Bang!!

A strange sound rang out inside the workshop, which usually seemed to come when a rough hammer and a heated iron were tapped.

"You're not just putting the rules in the way you think they are, are you?""

Every time the hammer touched, the change continued.

As if a huge wave of sleep is spreading.

Every time the hammer touched, the blue wave draped around the entire metal and began to break apart.

There is no common sense. Everything can be different depending on how it is handled.

However, it can be mixed in any way depending on the process. By applying the way Dwarfs call the apostles.

First, inject reagents that should never be used in alloys.

Then, the flame that holds mana at a certain temperature makes it permeate quickly and then twists the grain.

In fact, there is this new way between the nailed things that should not be done during work. It's a difference in perspective.

By the way, Miss Lil is a pretty expensive metal.

At this point, there is no completely Brouge studio.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Every time I tapped it, the blue wavelength spread like a ring and began to change little by little.

It would be quite surprising if you noticed that you were quickly finding and hitting the grain that changes every time you tap it.

It's not easy for a craftsman to find and hit a regular iron grain.

Is it because of the metal that starts to change its shape in an instant, or because of the hammer that it's been a long time?

He seemed to have been quite absorbed without even realizing it.

When I came to my senses, the huge sword in front of me had taken some form.

It was rough and sloppy enough to feel that it was still a long way away to form a complete shape, but the wavelength of Mana felt in it was similar to the object that Dwarf desperately hung on to.

No, I feel a little stronger.

Of course, it's someone's disciple's ability.

"Well, was it too much?"'

I realized that time had passed, but no one stopped me.

It seemed that there was no need to deny the fact that he was more enthusiastic.

When I tapped the metal with a half-shaped black surface on the anvil, light light began to flow around like a wavelength.

The manas I laid out in an array slowly interacted and began to react.

Turning my head over the gentle wavelength that seemed to settle my mind and body, I soon lifted some of the objects I was making towards them looking at me with a look of astonishment.

Then he smiled and said,

"What do you think, it's easy, isn't it?"

I think this word was more of a nonsense.

* * *

A common magic sword is made by drawing and engraving a magic pearl embossed on a basic sword and then planting mana stone with the help of a wizard.

However, putting the will into it could not be made into such a task.

"How... how is this..."

The faces of the duffers were filled with astonishment as the objects that destroyed all my common sense began to be made in front of my eyes.

No one expected him to show such a thing like this.

He was a boy who suddenly came from the Loun Kingdom one day.

It is a little bit of a tone to say that it is an adult's age by human standards, but by the standards of Dwarf, it was as young as a child at that time.

What he wanted to ask for was that the boy, who borrowed the authority of the king of the Loun Kingdom and entered the village, did not at first indicate any purpose.

The Dwarfs naturally ignored him.

He had promises with humans, but as a result, he was an uninvited guest and they were busy.

In the case of the 8th elder Golda, he was a boy who knew the courtesy of Dwarf for a human being and cared about him, but he was completely out of interest to other Dwarfs.

by the way

"Oh, how. There's no mana stone, uh..."

The six elder Ferdinand, who lost his words, shook his eyes as if he could not believe it.

Not only that, but most of them must have thought the same thing.

Whatever the magic sword is. If the exact creation of the mana stone is linked to the mana stone, the mana of the mana stone might have created some mana.

The problem is that the number of magic swords that use mana stone exists, so they cannot continue to produce mana like the flash of the beginning of the warp or the sword.

Therefore, it was a moment when the Dwarfs, who lost most of their ancient technology, were holding both hands and feet.

Even if the same power was pulled out, the meaning of restoring power and having a limit of the number of times were different.

For example, it is similar to Majeongseok, which is located far above the mana stone.

For them, the first flash would have been the ultimate symbol of their craftsmanship.

However, a magical artifact without mana stone was created, which was thought to be impossible to make now.

with only a master's hammer and anvil

Looking at that human boy named Davy, who was hammering as if he had forgotten everything and was concentrating, Dwarves soon opened his mouth when he showed some of the huge sword with ease.

"What do you say? Do you understand now?"

There's no way to know when something unbelievable is happening.

* * *

I've seen a thin spread of manna in one hammering, but...

"Mana stone's power is enough to peel the manna. What I asked you to see is Gyeol.'

Resolutions?

"The sword sucks in mana itself... ...just to put it simply, it's a technology that circulates manna on its own.'

"Gogoda Elder."

"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Nostalgia at my words, but he ran to me with his eyes wide open.

"You know what I did?"

"That... that..."

He was unable to explain and was anxious, holding a hammer and patting the side of the sword lightly.

Bang! Bang!

a clear and clear sound I'm sure he's hollow, but somehow there's no place to be solid.

"There are very few objects that restore their power by creating a nucleus of metal without the use of mana stones."

"Well... yes."

"Most magical artifacts die when the mana stored in the mana stone runs out. Therefore, if you want to endure countless hours like the flash of the beginning and give off strong energy, you need to be able to circulate the manna on yourselves."

The basic mana arrangement and Magic Circle allow the mana to circulate itself.

But these are masters. It's not a wizard that makes things that magic is the main thing.

"Do you see the grain?"

"Gyeol?"

"Yes, whether it's the first flash or the new sword, it brings out the divine power, whether it's a man or a commander. The point is, even if the subject is different, the object created by hammering itself has to be the form of a magic wand."

"Ha...... but that won't be a weapon! The shape of the magic wand is..."

I smiled at the embarrassed shouting.

"That's why we change the texture inside the metal. We're going to make dozens and hundreds of layers of grain, and we're going to turn it into a magic pearl."

To the best of my knowledge, there is only one thing that loses its life and accumulates and releases more power than mana stone, or Majeongseok, without rest.

The Sword Caldiras, owned by Ilina de Palan, the queen of the Palan Empire.

When I first saw Caldiras, I didn't even have the courage to analyze the ridiculous collection of technologies.

"Such... but if you change the internal texture as you say, it won't last, and it'll break in the slightest shock."

If you're hollow, it'll definitely be weak.

"So, whether it's artificial or self-power, you can make a buffer zone with thin layers of mana. That's the key to Mana's processing."

"A buffer zone?"

And when you first saw her and Caldiras, you were not impressed.

"It's more popular to be a man who manages his expression than a man who blushes at seeing a pretty girl.'

She's happy with anything she likes, whether it's a caterpillar or a poker face.

'Then what about me?'

You're so corny, why don't you build more muscles?

This is quite a sturdy build.

There are no more bodies that have been corrupt because they have eaten and exercised as much as they have not been playing.

It was Persec, laughing at my grumbling.

"Most of the technology has gone out of business over time. The change from a war of race fortunes to a war between humans forced technology to naturally degenerate."

It is virtually impolite to compare the time when all humans had to join forces.

"Let me ask you a question. Are the current dwaffes less skilled than they used to be?"

"It's... hoo, yeah, our technology is just as bad as our ancestors."

"Betically impossible?"

"That's never true!!"

In a violent cry, I turned my head and looked at the other dwaffes.

The enemy I had just seen had disappeared. The eyes were full of life, as if they had discovered something new.

As if they had found hope.