65 # 65

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 14 of the Three Books

"No, you bastards, how can you just give up your family tree like that?"

"That's okay! The materials you can't even handle anyway! My ancestors would be happy if it was the ingredient of the millennium field'sincerely!"

I'm afraid of warp, a race that really looks like that.

"Huh..."

I looked at the ingredients in front of me, sighing.

Do you have ingredients?

'That's going to be gone now.'

Oryharcon, Adamantium, and various reagents that have been aged for a long time.

There, the bones of the ancient dragon, which would not stop and become the main finishing material, were formed.

'I'm going to have to fix what I had planned.'

I use whatever I give. I made up my mind to take the situation favorably.

* * *

"I'll issue the highest senior authority! I can't give up any more!"

"What a shame, old man!"

"Hey! Come on!"

In the end, the fight, which he had been struggling to lend the workshop to, ended with Golgotha's cheap tactics.

If it is cheap, it is cheap and if it is realistic, it is realistic.

"Uh... What do you think? Teacher! Do you like the teacher?"

"Hahaha... that's so nice."

There was an admiration, not an empty word, whether he was called the best craftsman for nothing. Neatly organized objects, and large fireplaces that are connected directly to the dialogue path, various forms of an anvil and hammers.

"Hmm! I wish I could help you with the finishing touches of the teacher..."

Blurred at the end of his words, he gazed at the two swords on the anvil as if greed was young.

Then he shook his head as if he had made up his mind.

"I can't do that because I have a law as a craftsman. While the teacher is working, we will think about it as she said."

"Well... you can just look at it'"

I murmured when I saw him go back after speaking in a solemn tone.

What if someone steals a skill?

"I don't know if I look at it anyway."

It was not an empty word.

"Well, let's get started."

Looking at the hot blue brazier burning blue, I pushed two swords into the brazier without regret.

Then he opened his hands and closed his eyes.

Whooooooooooooooooh!

At the same time, blue air streams flowed out of my body and began to make a huge magic pearl in the air.

Chicken instead of pheasants, gum if you don't have teeth.

I didn't have enough realization to be as good a craftsman as a suit, but I'm following his situation in my own way.

Why couldn't I keep up with the work of a human being after nearly a thousand years of training?

He is not called a monster blacksmith for nothing.

"I don't think I was just as talented as I am.'

I suddenly thought so, but I shook off my thoughts.

The shortcomings of the cart will be filled in other ways.

I took out two twin swords that began to glow themselves in a blue flame and took a short breath and grabbed a hammer.

* * *

a quiet workshop

There was a constant hammering from inside.

I felt like I was making something by putting my skills into it for the first time in a long time.

Kaang!! Kang!!

Every time my hammer hit the blue-hot sword, flames like blue flowers rose in the air and died down.

It's almost finished, but I put the sword in the brazier without regret and beat it anew.

If the finishing material was only a mistake, it would be finished with finishing work after plating certain parts.

But in the workshop, the small amount of Oryharcon, Adamantium, and the bones of the ancient dragon have completely modified the plan.

Originally, organisms tend to crumble after growing more than a certain amount of time, and eventually become weathering.

But dragon bones were different.

The dragon's bones are the only traces of the death and remaining of a huge creature made up of mana, so as time goes by, they become stronger and stronger and remain intact after 10,000 years, but they will never be enriched once supplied.

Words are precious, but honestly, I never thought that the bones of ancient dragons would remain on the continent.

Unlike other materials, my eyes narrowed as I was looking at the bones of the ancient dragon, which lay alone.

It was not an untouchable material.

Memories of that time slipped out of my mind, and I laughed.

Hey, beanstalk! Give it to me!]

Who's a cliff bean, you damn bastard!

You prick or Waikana! I didn't dig for a cliff!]

Shut up! I'm gonna burn him!]

[Welcome!] Wow, he's burning a healthy baby!]

It's the suit, but why the fire broke out on me...

The corridor where the heroes' souls were gathered is a world close to paradise in a way that is created by the psychology of the heroes.

I think it means, "Take a good rest here now because you've worked hard," but thanks to that, Sult once gave me the bones of an ancient dragon, using the power of Odin, who was called the god of wizard.

Of course, it takes such efforts to make something of high quality. I couldn't immediately print the bones of the ancient dragon just because it was a suit, so I once boiled mulin, which had been used to embellish the bones of a small dragon.

The short wizard, who was handed over with tears in his eyes.

It's him, Gira, one of the main ingredients of the new sword. It's hard to get it, but if you ever see it, you should know how to handle it.]

At that time, he seemed to be annoyed by why he was asked to deal with ancient relics that didn't seem to exist, but there's no complete blessing in disguise.

Once I began to concentrate, I began to lose sight of others.

All my nerves were focused on honing two swords, and I swung the hammer as if I had become a trance, forgetting the passage of time.

Each time the hammer was swung, the two black hammers shined their own colors more deeply.

Whenever the blue flames crumbled away, the blue and red light on the black surface slowly deepened as if it revealed its existence.

Kaang!! Kang!!

Although it was much louder than tapping the iron, but the clear sound resonated as if shaking the entire workshop, I did not cover my ears as if I had carved and confirmed the sound.

It's beautiful...

Even Persec, who silently watched my work, murmured faintly as if he was fascinated by the color of the black noodles.

It was not long before the black, which was as red and dark as blood, began to have a transparent ruby inside.

And as linked to him, the blue black sky turned into a sapphire color with a mysterious atmosphere like a supernova that rose blue in the night sky.

Holding a sword that started to resonate with its own light, I slowly put the blade of the sword on the whetstone and slowly ground it after completing the final work of grip and foam.

It would be nice if it would be easy to grind weapons like mass-production weapons by machine, but the quality of weapons and materials are so high that it will not be easy to scratch with any whetstone.

Fortunately, one of the dwaffs had a very precious whetstone that he had to visit, so he succeeded in setting the date by covering it with mana.

Whoo... Whoo... Whoo!

Like a baby announcing the birth of the last child. Seeing two swords vibrating with intense mana, I wiped the sweat off my forehead.

The endless flames of the brazier made the entire workshop almost like a sauna, but I accepted the heat without risking a single flame resistance magic.

It was a close enough task to fail if there was any mistake in temperature.

Whoo... Whoo... Whoo!

As I swept down the red and blue-shining swords, revealing my presence, the first rough and rough swords were delivered on my fingertips as if they had already disappeared.

"Now I have to give you a name it."

When I saw the first two swords, I had a name that name.

"From now on, your name is Chengdan and Hongdan."

Whooooooooooooooooooo!!

Only after being given a name, finally, the swords began to resonate and resonate as if they were certain of their existence.

It will take time for the self to wake up, but it means that the self in the sword instinctively accepted my name.

You have the worst sense of naming...

I could hear Persec's voice, which seemed tired from afar, but I was engulfed by a strong desire to check the state of the sword before him.

'Information confirmation.'

And there was no reason to endure such a desire, so I couldn't hide my expectation and immediately reached for the sword and borrowed the power of Persec.

Beep!

Name: Hongdan

Status: Completing fabrication.

Shape: A double-edged warhead with a wide black blade.

Length: 88 centimeters.

Width: 6 centimeters.

Contractor: Daviolan

Completeness: 99.9%

Details. :

The sword is the first of the last works of a great smelter who poured out his dying life into smelting.

The sword was repaired and completed by the only disciple of a great blacksmith, who inherited the maintenance of his teacher.

The first sword in the regular specification.

The self has not yet woken up and its completeness has not reached 100%.

The element mana and the commander mana are circulating in large quantities.

The power of immortality is young.

Ignoring the resistance of all physical systems applied to the blade, cut it off.

With twin second sword, all effectiveness is amplified.

Beep!

Nomenclature: Cheongdan

Status: Completing fabrication.

Shape: A double-edged warhead with a wide black blade.

Length: 88 centimeters.

Width: 6 centimeters.

Contractor: Davy Olloun.

Completeness: 99.9%

Details. :

The second sword of the regular specification.

The second of the twin swords.

Spirit power and divine power are circulating in large quantities.

The power to cut down lions is young.

Cut everything that does not exist in the physical system.

Destroy the power of immortality

A very deadly attack on a horse's property.

All effects are amplified when held with the twin first sword.

"......."

I lifted up Hong Dan without a word and threw him lightly at the base of Misil.

It was a light cut without any light cut, no strength, or mana.

but

'Benda.'

Hurry up!

As soon as the will to cut it was contained, Miseryl's anvil, which reached the black day, was cut clean as if it were when.

Dwarf's best anvil, which is not easily scratched by a large-scale condensed orur blade, was cut off by just swinging it.

"......."

.......

a very brief silence

Soon after, I picked up the blue sword, Cheongdan, and cut the air off this time.

Oh, my God!

At the same time, there was a sound as if something was being cut in the air.

"Wow..."

What kind of sword would you cut off Manna?!

Cheng Dani could not cut the anvil as lightly as Hongdan. However, the manas who were swimming in the air surrounded by the blue dan were completely cut off as if they had been removed altogether and the flow was cut off.

the power to cut down what does not exist in the material world

Manna was definitely an energy body in the laws of non-physical law.

I guess I've completed something incredible.