67 # 67

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 16 of the Three Books

"Thank you. It smells good. It's not just tough."

"I'm glad you think so. Not everyone likes solo, but I'm here to talk about something else."

"Anything else?"

Oh, are you trying to argue that I cut off Miss Lil's anvil?

I'm worried about how to explain myself.

I even had a funny idea that one of the twin swords should be handed over as collateral.

Whoo!

Of course, I had to hold my head around the resonance of the two men who were quick to protest when their ego hadn't even woken up.

"The truth is..."

"Oh, Moru is sorry. I'll come back later...."

"Hmm? What does that mean?"

When he saw me curiously, I quickly closed my mouth.

"It's nothing. What's going on?"

"Hmm! I'm old enough to hear that you're still very bright. I heard that you tried to use the power of our Dwarves to repair the facilities of the land in addition to completing the work of the millennium field."

"Well, that's right."

I was going to bring up the story separately later, but it became easier when I brought it up on my own.

"Our Dwarf never forgets grace, even though it's a terrible skill compared to his teacher's, I'll help you with anything if you let me."

"May I? It might take a long time."

"We Dwarf have not received too much of a favor from our teachers. So that we may not remain incompetent ancestors in future generations, and that we may take pride in ourselves, so that we can regain the technology our ancestors studied."

His words kept me silent and said nothing. The meaning of the new product was greater to them than I thought.

"I didn't even say thank you for correcting us, who are so bitter to the name of the tribe of Dwarf in a stupid flattery."

Speaking calmly, he smiled like a grandfather looking at his grandson.

It was a sincere and friendly smile from the inside.

"Though poor performance and lack of yellow rock will follow the teacher. I swear to the Iron God that I will be with you whenever you are in trouble. Even if all the other Dwarf tribal villages are hostile to their teachers, our yellow rock tribe will follow them."

"Thank you."

"Thanks is not something we should say."

There was not a grain of regret in his grinning face.

"Then be my Young Jimin."

"Young Jimin?"

"I'm going to make the Hines estate I manage a little bit unusual."

The continent is inhabited by numerous tribes. However, everyone had their own territory and there was not a single place where they lived completely in harmony.

"I mean, can I take it as saying, leave this place and think about moving?"

"Well, not right now. And technically speaking, I'm not asking the Dwarfs of the Yellow Rock tribe to move here."

He tilted his head at my words.

"What if?"

"I'll tell you the details later. It's enough just to say that you'll cooperate for now."

In my words, he gave me a questionable look as if he was trying to grasp my intentions, but soon brushed them off as if he was about to forget.

Then he gasped to say something again.

It was then.

Elder! Elder Golgotha!"

From far away, someone ran here in a hurry and called the elder Golgotha rushed to the place.

"What's going on?"

I erased my expression and looked at him with a solemn face.

It was a battle d'Warp who was in charge of the village's guard.

"Oh, my God! I think there's an intruder hiding in town!"

"Are you breaking in?"

Golgotha's face was grimaced at his words.

Whoooooooooo-hoo!

Crying!!

And as soon as I heard it, something red and sharp as if I had been waiting for it, flew toward the Dudwer, and I shook my arm from the hammock.

It was none other than a red blade that bounced off my hand with a heavy blow.

It was also a unique memory made of blood, not metal.

* * *

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

It was almost a groan of insanity.

"Baddy Davy!!!"

The faces of the women standing nearby were turned pale at the seizure of the half-reasoned boy, but the boy screamed without paying attention.

He was so enraged that he couldn't keep his sanity.

"Davie! Davie!"

His condition was not very good, as he continued to cry only for Davy, kicking and throwing things around him, at random.

First of all, even though he was a young boy, his head did not exist, as if he had only opened the top of his head wide and sealed it.

So-called giant circular hair loss!

What was even more upsetting was that the top of the head disappeared in a cool way, from the top of the head.

His uncursed curse did not stop there.

"Prince Carlos, I... ..degraded. Go, fix it..."

"What the heck!! Dog!!"

This unidentified cry that follows every word!

It wasn't always like that.

As if waiting for the right moment, this mysterious cry suddenly popped out at an important point, regardless of his will.

So it looks like someone is playing a joke.

It was so embarrassing that even his birth mother, Queen Linness, looked so confused.

As it is not a common disease, no answer was given to Ramdas, a court physician.

The only thing you can notice is the size of the new building. However, the curse on him was created by the endless suppression and persecution of black magicians.

What I mean by that was that lower-level priests could not easily find the traces because they were examined.

Black magic is rabid and destructive, but it has been developed in such a secret way.

So the symptoms of his near-madness could not easily be traced.

However, from Kalus's point of view, it was the first prince of this country and the stupid prince who thought he was under himself that he began to change strangely.

I was clearly aware that it was after I met Davy.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

"Put it in place, degradation!"

Of course, it seems to others that his obsession with Davy has helped him.

"Crying! Crying!"

Carlos' face was distorted by extreme confusion and anger.

Although he is hiding it somehow, rumors about his head have already begun to spread throughout the city.

Furthermore, rumors began to circulate even more grotesquely because of this mysterious, mysterious cry that comes with every word.

Kalus, who had never gone unexpected in my life, was simply insane and furious.

"Poof!"

It was then.

One of the women, who was nervously watching the situation, couldn't hold back her laughter at Kalus' bizarre voice.

His mouth was shut reflexively, but a very short laugh had already been heard in his ears.

"I... I'm down!"

"Yeah, you guys ignore me, too. How dare you! How dare you!"

Kalus, who had half reasoned himself, was invisible.

The frightened, trembling woman collapsed tired of a violent life, but he strode and strangled her neck relentlessly.

"Are you ignoring me?" Kill me! Kill me!"

"Kkkkkkkkk!"

Although she struggled all over, the little girl still couldn't beat Kalus' muscular strength, which she tried to learn the sword.

When the body of the girl, who was struggling to pee on the floor, eventually stretched out, the faces of the women around her became blue.

an apparently insane situation

But no one could say anything to him.

There was no one here who could hold him back now.

"Are you... are you ignoring me, too?"

"Oh... no. Degraded!"

"Ga, save me!"

It was not long before the fire broke out in other people, and the women, both of them, fell on the floor and asked forgiveness. If I didn't do that, I thought I'd end up like a horrible dead woman right away.

"No... no! You guys are ignoring me, right? Hahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...

He smiled strangely and gleamed his eyes as if he would kill all the girls here at any moment.

I had to calm him down somehow, but the women in law were just shivering with fear and saying nothing.

It was then.

"Well, there's something interesting to see for a long time."

a relaxed and relaxed voice

Kalus, who was approaching the women-in-law, opened his eyes and turned to where the sound came from.

Then he paused.

It was because the window, which had nothing until a moment ago, opened and someone slowly entered it.

You stopped because someone broke in?

That was the case, but what mattered was not whether he broke in.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

"Gasp!"

He had a human throat that was bleeding as if he had just plucked his head.

At the horrors that were so devastating that the women could not see with their eyes open, the women fainted with bubbles, but Kalus, who had half lost his reason, growled at him with a fierce look.

"What is he doing? How dare you!"

"Oh, my introduction is late. My name is Faith."

A man with cold white gray hair and gruesome red eyes was a handsome man with a very stingy impression.

However, his pale skin made him wonder if he was really a human being.

Faith, who greeted quietly without any problem, smiled grimly.

"Actually, I heard we've been quite disappointed recently."

"Your side?"

At the words of Kalus, he smiled softly and threw his hand into the air.

Whoo...

At the same time, a space next to him opened and someone was dragged out hanging on a huge cross.

She was a woman who was in such bad shape as to be full of wounds and even wonder if she was alive right now.

But he was also a woman he had seen at least once.

"You, Mother..."

It was Shari, the silent maid of honor that Queen Linness carried with her.

I thought it was gone for some time.

"You... What are you? Uh-huh..."