62 # 62

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 11 of the Three Books

With the tangle!

The elder Golgoda, who was hammering endlessly, threw the hammer away with his eyes looking at the patient who could no longer be saved.

"Ah..."

Everyone lamented and frowned.

And the elder Golgotha, who was holding the hammer, also stared at the first flash of his eyes with his teeth clenched with anger.

His eyes were filled with tears, apparently so resentful.

"There's nothing more to look at! The chiefs of our tribe are already here! Don't be stubborn anymore and let it go!"

Golloda collapsed with a grim look at Thor's outbursts of anger.

At the same time, Dwarf generals who followed Thor began to pack the first flash of light with a cloth prepared by them.

You?

My thoughts are in order. He said that everything in the world doesn't work out as he thought, but the complexity was ahead of him.

"Huh?"

When I stood up without a word and entered the central workshop with a small hammer placed nearby, the faces of the Dwarfs who found me were mysterious.

I looked at Elder Golgoda, who passed by the devastated Yellow Rock Tribe Dwarves and reached the place of the broken flash of the beginning.

"You..."

"May I ask you a question?"

"What?"

"Are you a craftsman?"

My voice was colder than I thought.

26. Your name is Chengdan and Hongdan.

The air in the central workshop, which had been hot, cooled down.

Dwarf, an old man who just sat in despair as if he didn't understand what I meant, stared at me as if he understood what I meant.

He seemed angry in his eyes whether he felt like hitting me with a hammer right away.

"What?"

"The craftsman feels a great deal of pain in everything he makes and respects it. But the elder has been throwing it since the beginning, so I asked."

He flinched at my question.

Everything the artisan produces is very feeble, but it is full of soul. Those who ignore this do not deserve to be called artisans. Mash your head!]

There is an event where I almost caught up with my teacher in the corridor.

That's exactly how the technology as a field trip was.

Of all the heroes who taught me skills, the one who poured the most into me and grew me the fastest.

That was the suit.

Is it because of his teaching skills?

To be exact, I was an unusual case of learning magic, sword, alchemy, divine power, and many other skills.

Usually, the life span of a life is too short and knowledge is insufficient for a person who has many fields in this way.

In that sense, the technology taught by Surt was a product of coincidence.

Of course, it's not enough to catch up with the monster craftsmanship.

"Human?"

Because of my sudden appearance, Dwarf, a black rock tribe, Thor's frowned, who had not noticed me until a while ago.

"Hey, old Golgoda. You brought a human to the central workshop now? When did the central workshop become a place for anyone to come and go?"

"Davie! Get out of the way! It's not your place to step in!"

As soon as Thor's words were over, Golda, the eight elder who brought me here, stopped me in a hurry, but I just looked at Golgotha without stopping.

"I'll change the question. Do you really want to solve this?"

"What are you talking about? That's obvious...

I answered my question with a frown.

But I cut him off before he could finish.

"But why did you do that?"

His eyes opened wide to my question.

"Does pride feed you?"

Then I strode to the place where some of the parts were taken from the flash of the beginning.

Then he hit the surface lightly with a small hammer.

The barrel... the barrel...

There was a clear sound that I didn't think was hit with a hammer.

"Tut, you've gone all the way, I can't use it."

Over time, the mana circulation system, which had the first flash, ran out of life.

If it's a typical lump of iron, it will last tens of thousands of years if it's managed well, but artifect mixed with mana is actually impossible.

The metal itself is weathered by Manna.

"Hey, man! What are you doing? You can't fall off right now?!"

At last, some of the other Dwarves came running as if they had come to their senses and cut me off violently.

"What is this? How dare you cut in on me."

"Can't you get out of here right now?"

The atmosphere began to heat up endlessly as I growled as if I would crush my head with a hammer in my hand if I did something right away.

"This is a cross-country ticket! We must file a formal complaint against the Louns!"

Elder Golda! How are you going to take responsibility for this?"

The outraged Dwarf's voice grows louder and louder.

Some were already rushing me down.

"Gogoda Elder."

"......."

"Can't you get an answer?"

He squinted at my question as if he knew me.

"You, what nonsense are you talking about..."

"Do you not want to solve it, or do you avoid it by giving it useless meaning to know that it's an artifact that's already out of life?"

Some dwaffes' bodies cringed at my words.

"You..."

"About 3,000 years? I know it's been about that long since the first flashlight was made, but it's a sword that has been protecting the village for that long."

Elder Golgoda gritted his teeth at my words.

"Are you trying to force something back to life beyond the limits? The artisans? Is that how you deal with the precious things that have been your spiritual support?"

Apart from pride, it was created by a teacher and a writer.

It meant that it was not completely unrelated to me.

Understand!!

As soon as I finished speaking, I shook my arms violently, and a couple of dwaffs who were holding me rolled on the floor.

"Oh, my God!"

"Oh, my God!"

"Since when has the Dwarf been so disinterested?"

Dwarf is a tribe of artisans.

It would not be strange to call them the best craftsmen of the continent.

You didn't even know the condition of a thing that they thought could not be saved again at the end of its life?

It was more of a nonsense.

Shrugging off the duff, I looked around for the parts I had in my hand and threw them into a nearby fire.

"No!!"

At the same time, some of the Dwarfs screamed, but I walked straight to where the next part was placed, skimmed the same way, and threw it into the fire.

The Dwarfs rushed in, but I silently checked and threw them into the fire.

"You bloody bastard!"

"Do you want to die?"

The eyes of the dwaffes, who swirled the hammer as if they were going to kill me with red bloodshot eyes, were already filled with hideous flesh. It's understandable.

No matter how broken it was, the first flash would have been a symbol of the race itself to them.

But some, including the elder Golgotha and Thorse from the Black Rock tribe, just stared blankly at what I was doing.

"Oh, no... "

"That's it..."

Eventually, when the last part was thrown into the furnace and the flash of the beginning was dengue, only the prototype was left, the Dwarves collapsed with a stunned look.

The face was filled with resentment, despondency, and extreme confusion.

Some of them even burst into tears with anger.

I feel like I've become a real son of a gun.

I've never seen her so sad about those stubborn people.

I shot coldly, ignoring Persec's babbling.

"I don't have the confidence to make it again, and it's already dead."

"Shut up! What do you know about that?"

"You'll beat me to death!"

Some of the Dwarfs looked at me with grim eyes when I asked my question.

"You don't even try to say it's impossible? The best craftsmen?!"

Boom!

When I kicked the nearby anvil, one side of the anvil was distorted as if it had been hit by a huge iron ball.

"Stop it! How miserable are you going to make us!""

However, not everyone lost their reason and expressed fierce anger.

As a good example, an elder with a bitter expression just before cried out in sorrow.

They must have known.

In the first place, this item has reached its end of life and there is no point in fixing it anymore.

However, there is not enough technology to create a new one.

This self-respecting species could not accept the fact and eventually arrived at self-justification that it was meaningless if it were not this object that had been handed down for a long time.

It is the worst thing a craftsman can't do.

"We couldn't even restore it with our technology that has the best artisan technology!"

"Then you can make this damn mess?!"

"Yes."

"That's not even funny! Even the best craftsmen can't handle metal smelting in that bizarre arrangement, and a little man like you can do it?!"

"It's not anyone else, it's a thousand- It's not made by meddling!"

"Then don't just try to ostracize me, you bastards."

Think well, if you don't win their hearts anyway, the plan itself is useless......

Think of it as a warm-up.'

When I made up my mind, my actions quickly followed.

I immediately began to check the items in the workshop one by one, cutting off the work.

Reagent products were taken out, smelled, and identified, and the necessary tools were collected in one place.

That's enough for the tools.

The Dwarf workshop, among other things, is the central workshop of the tribe, where the best craftsmen gather.

This is the pride and pride of the Dwarves.

Turning without regret, I looked up and looked at the huge brazier.

The pride of the dwarfs and the culmination of their technology to raise it to 3,000 degrees Celsius.

It was the Great Fire.

In the conversation section, I had been working on it for a long time, so the red flames were shaking and showing off my strength.

If you're not used to it, you can't even get close to it.

But without regret, I reached out lightly to the inside of the brazier and pulled Manna up, quietly signing Su-in.

It's basically a way of dealing with mana completely different from magic, so it's been followed by a strange feeling......

Mana processing.

It is a method that most artisans have never even thought of trying, and it is the organ and vision of a thousand-day night suit created by a wild idea.

"Huh?"

"Boo... the color of the flame..."