64 # 64

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 13 of the Three Books

"That's all I can touch. It's the same as the past. We've worked all the way here and handed it over to the Dwarfs, so the rest is yours."

"But... even the finishing touches on the rest of the work are currently lacking in our technology."

"Then you should learn."

When I said with a smile, Golgoda's face began to look young.

"Well... you... can you teach us those skills?"

"It's not free. Give and take. Are you all right?"

"Of course! If I could follow the skill of my ancestors, I would sell my soul to the devil!"

"Ah... let me know! I'll do everything you tell me to!"

"Tell me! Oh, no! Please let me know! Sir!"

Look at all these guys.

"Okay, then..."

The look at me as a baby has completely disappeared.

It's hard to believe anything until you see it for yourself.

It would be hard to find a well-known field in the image of a human boy who is not a dwarf and is now an adult.

The Dwarfs looked at me nervously as I agonized over the end of my words.

"Let's start with my work."

But my words that followed soon gave me a twist to see if I was relieved.

I'm sorry for them, but there is a priority for work.

The biggest reason I've ever stopped by.

The maintenance of land facilities is also aimed, but the first priority is different.

"Your job?"

"In fact, I came to the Yellow Rock tribe to rent a dialogue road."

"The dialogue road?"

"I've been asked to complete the work, so I have to finish it myself."

Then he took out two pieces of cloth from the bag he carried on his back.

"Is it a sword?"

The eyes of the dwaffes began to open as I took out the object after I flicked out a pile of cloth. Instinctively, he realized that it was a sword that had not yet.

"Hooray..."

"What a surprise!"

"Oh, my God..."

Although incomplete, and the Dwarf's skills are less than they were in the past, they are still alive. They are like known craftsmen.

They soon opened their eyes wide, amazed at the two ill-fated swordsmen I had taken out.

The faces of the dwaffes were common with astonishment and surprise.

* * *

It's a good thing to doubt the jinx.

Why is it that everyone looks at you when you show something? You, I'm going to be taken in blasphemy one day.

Will the new bees be scary when they are downloaded to the grave?'

Tsk. Realistic divine punishment is human, not God.

The technology I showed was also technology, but the Dwarves' eyes were directed at the two swords I took out.

It is a long sword and a little short for a long sword, but it is clearly different from the design of weapons on the continent, but it seemed to have quickly realized what it was from the eyes of craftsmen.

"Hey... hey, what the hell is this sword!"

It was none other than Golgotha, the first elder and the best craftsman of the Yellow Rock tribe, who asked me questions carefully on behalf of the surprised Dwarfs.

"How do you look?"

"It's called a horse! What the hell is this... did you make this yourself?!"

"Well, I didn't make it. I'm going to wrap this up now."

Even if I have materials, the reality is that I still lack a little technical skills to make this kind of sword.

I don't know, but these twin black night suits were made at the end of their lives.

"The... the master craftsman who made the sword..."

"Dead. A long time ago."

"Hmm! I'm sorry, Mee."

Did I make a hasty guess at what I said?

While snoring, he stepped back with a haggard look and shook his head.

It's not a lie to say that I'm dead, so I don't have to be conscience-stricken, but I laughed when I saw the old man's Dwarf, who was embarrassed that he shouldn't have touched me.

"He died a long time ago. It's already been thousands of years."

Did you understand what I meant?

Golgoda's eyes were wide open as if they were tearing.

"Thousands of years ago? ..that's not true!"

The problem is that the performance of the sword has been neglected for a long time and matured dozens of times higher than the initial design.

Although I cannot expect performance because the ingredients are far lower than the new sword Caldiras, even I don't know how much actual performance will come out thanks to the long-term fermentation of mana and grain.

It's not alcohol, it's ripening.

"Mana processing requires a certain period of maturity. The first flash... no, no, no. Now we have to wait a few months to get more control over that new sword.'

I see.

'Well, there's a big difference in difficulty.'

I swept down the black mask without a word and squinted my eyes.

How should we wrap this up?

To be honest, I was also worried because such a good item came in.

Even if it is an item with 10 percent left, it will be tense if it is this big.

The work time may not be long, but the quality of the sword will vary considerably depending on how much I put my capabilities into that short period of time.

"Now...you! Do you have any finishing materials!"

"Hmm? Nothing. I'm thinking about the alloy mixed with Miss Lil, so I'd like to borrow some of the things here."

We can't expect high-quality ingredients right now. It's a Dwarf village, so I can get a good Miss Ril.

In my heart, I wish there were things like oriharkon or Adamantium, but the reality is that such a huge item is difficult to get at the moment.

However, it was said that the day of going was the first day, but the problem was solved in an unexpected way.

"Gi, wait! The studio will give you my workshop! Even though I'm not as good as you, I've been taking good care of you! There will be a lot of tools that will allow you to expand your capabilities!"

"Hmm?

For a craftsman, a private workshop is an inviolable area. But Golgoda shouted with a passionate face.

"And there's something I can give you as a finishing material!"

I didn't cooperate like that because I said I would teach you new technologies.

His eyes were filled with a desire to see the completion of the masterpiece left by the 1,000-day-old Surt.

The first flash had long since disappeared from his mind.

Look, you shouldn't do that.

It feels like something has been done wrong, but they look like they're going crazy wondering what else I'm going to show them.

"If it were you... ...you could make a huge sword comparable to a new one! Wait for me!"

As he rushed somewhere as if his tail was on fire, the faces of the Dwarfs were surprised.

"Golda, old man, don't tell me!"

"Are you trying to get it out?!"

"Crazy! What so many old men asked me to show them, they never took it!"

I made a questionable expression on the scene of screaming in amazement.

What the hell is going on with them?

Such a question soon disappeared as soon as I received the small object handed over to Golgotha, who had run in vain.

Manna, but something a little different from the basic mana has felt intense.

"What's this?"

When I opened my eyes and loosened a pile of cloth at the first time I saw something white in my sight.

Very momentary, but almost instinctively, I realized what it was.

Bones?

Crazy.

"The bones of an ancient dragon. I guess it's more than 10,000 years old.

"This is the bone of an ancient dragon?"

Ancient dragon. In short, it is a dragon. However, if the word ancient is attached, it means the bones of a dragon that are at least 5,000 to 8,000 years old.

The unexpected finishing material left my face dazed.

It's been a long time since I felt properly.

"Yes, he's been handed over to us since he was the first elder of our family. I've kept him there because no one could handle the bones until now, but if you were..."

He looked at me with eager eyes for something.

Unlike the original design, ancient dragon bones that have lasted more than 10,000 years with unfinished swords that have been circulated and matured for thousands of years.

"Wow."

Selfless admiration flowed from my mouth.

Again, I am a little inferior to the sultry. However, I didn't mean I couldn't do what he did.

It was the artisan's path that could be used to describe the word Cheongchoream.

Maybe, I had a strong feeling that this is going to be a huge guy.

* * *

"Hmm! Uh-huh, teacher! Look at me!"

An elder Dwarf, who was glancing at the surrounding area, hesitated.

"What is it... I know that the old Golgotha applied for this and that..."

"Yes, I did get too many gifts."

"So, if I could bring him to my personal studio with the bones of an ancient dragon, I'd rather have my own."

"You... you old man!"

"Gasp!"

"Go to hell! Where do you reach for your saliva?"

"Huh! You're the only one who has the glory!"

"That's right! It's transverse cancer!"

"Our private workshop doesn't fall behind you either! You have to choose this yourself!"

"What, what?"

They seemed to be in a mess in an instant and even fistfight.

a race famous for being hot-tempered and violent

If you leave it like that, it'll go as far as fistfights. Things seemed to proceed only when they stopped them from engaging in a war of words while splashing their saliva, which was a lifelong desire.

"Come on, come on."

"Hmm!"

"First of all, since the elder Golgotha suggested it first, it would be better to use it."

"Hmm! If the teacher says so..."

"If you need anything, tell me! I'm willing to save you!"

"Oh! My very small portion, but I have an oriharkon!"

"No! You old man?! Well, then I'll take out the family treasure! I'll give you 100 years of tar sludge reagent!"

6 Elder Ferdinand shouted as if he were a big auctioneer.

"Huh! Adamantium 100g! It's my family's family treasure!"

cried Ransel, the 7th elder, as if he could not lose.

As the Dwarfs began to take out one by one, there were cries everywhere as if they were in a burning mood.

Each person's offering cannot account for as much as the bones of the ancient dragon of the elder Golgotha, but the amount is significant as both gather.

Oh dear.

Elasticity flowed itself out of the materials that came out in a row.

No matter how hard it is, it is hard to get such high-quality materials easily. In particular, extremely rare metals such as Oriharcon and Adamantium were precious metals that Dwarf devoted his life to the night market and could not even see them.

The amount found once is very small, and it is collected little by little over a generation and made into a single quantity.

It wouldn't be weird to be called a family treasure.