68 # 68

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 17 of the Three Books

Kallus clenched his teeth to the curse of another attack.

Then Face giggled and waved his hands lightly.

"Hahaha. Someone's done something funny."

Scallions!!!

As soon as he was finished, something broke from Kalus' body.

"I can make it easy for you to play like that. Well, this is for free."

"Who are you. Hot?! A strange cry... "

"It's just been done, so it won't come out anymore. Is that more important than that?"

"What?"

Normally, it's not strange that the animal's crying already sticks to its mother, but Kalus was able to realize that the bizarre crying that had been bothering me had disappeared at once.

"You can sign with me. We will take care of the human you hate."

"Huh?"

Realizing that it was not a false word, Kalus gulped.

He cringed himself because he felt something intangible was pressing on his whole body, and his expression was grimly distorted and pale.

"How's it going?"

"You... you can kill him? Davy has a scar. Besides, someone else is protecting him, not the average guy."

Face shrugged his shoulders casually, although he was surprised at his behavior of casually broaching the truths that should not be broached.

"I'm just human."

"You sound like you're not a human being."

"Well, well, the results will be out soon. I've already sent my men."

Then he got up slowly.

At the same time, Shari, the poet who was hanging on the cross, disappeared into the air again.

"I'm sure he's already been hung up by now."

His blood-red eyes gleamed furiously.

* * *

There is only one ability to make the blood harder than the metal by some force, or to express other abilities using the blood.

It is the power of the vampire, the power of the blood.

But what appeared before me was something subtle to be a vampire.

"Who is this? Where are we?"

"Show yourself... Oh, my God! Elder! Look over there!"

Surprised by the sudden attack, the Dwarves were confused and soon opened their mouths as if they had found something.

The beast... ...is quite a top-tier species.

"Bloody might be the unique power of vampires. The beast has it.'

His size was almost the size of a house, not an exaggeration.

A huge toenail and sharp-cut hair like a thorn.

He had a very threatening form on the surface.

It must have been sent by a man who was made of blood that flew a while ago.

His gaze, looking down at us from a high rock as if he were looking at us with food, soon reached me.

I'm sorry.

At the same time, a strange smile slowly took a breath and began to let out a huge roar.

Whooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh!

an immense volume of voice

"Gasp!"

"Oh, my God!

The aftermath was out of the ordinary level.

As soon as I put defensive magic on the two dwaffes, who were blocking my way by raising their divine power reflexively, a tremendous tremor rang out and started to smash all the rocks around them.

Knock knock!

Soon after, when Dudwaff, who could not stand his roar despite my defensive magic, fell to the floor, he began to come down slowly as if he was satisfied.

From the beginning, Dwarf was not interested and was after me.

"Look at him?"

When the absurdity disappeared and he smiled for nothing, he slowly began to turn around me.

I can see how to play with it and how to think about it.

The beast is an animal that moves according to its natural instinct. It was a little surprising to use the blood of vampires, but the fact that they were basically stoning did not change.

That's what he thinks?

It wasn't even funny.

"Do you think you're a predator?"

Did he even understand my question?

The anger was young on the face of the man who was weighing on the surrounding area with bizarre pressure.

Oh, my God. Ow!

Then, the little stimulus quickly made him ferocious.

Blood?

Soon there was a surprising voice from Persec, who discovered the red air flowing from his toenail.

Blood energy is the inherent force emitted by vampires of a certain level or higher. And among them, the top individual can emit something like a red sword like that looks like that.

It is the same auror, but in terms of sharpness alone, Blood auror is a bit sharper than basic auror.

What do you mean?

That beast has the power of an expat.

Usually, the risk of the number of deaths can be handled even if it is only the highest level of exposure unless it is a high-ranking individual.

The result is that this red thing in front of you is a dangerous object that can't be compared to the average number of hurricanes.

"Sigh..."

Whoo!

There is no one watching, so you don't have to be conscious of anyone's eyes when you're running wild.

As I lightly stepped on the floor, a powerful shock wave smashed into the ground and pushed my hand into the air.

It is so helpful to forcefully implement a semia space because it is ambiguous to store it separately.

Subspace magic, which is used by pure sorcerer power without any tools, is a high-level magic of seven circles.

It is difficult to implement a circle that has not reached 7 circles.

In the end, all you can do is realize a very small amount of space, but it was enough to hold two swords.

The best way to deal with him is to borrow the power of high spiritual magic or a new sword.

But I had two things that were better than him.

Whooooooooooooooooooh!

Just as the entire body has become a huge metal, it will be hard to cut even the master's oracle blade at once.

Nevertheless, I didn't take the approach of implementing the oracle blade, which is the symbol of the expansion.

Just to the extent that you can just pass what you have in your hand.

"People should use tools, too."

I have the best weapon in my hands.

A new car is worth a try.

[Magician's inspection 24 seconds

[Sixing]

Slow, soft cuts that will never hurt.

However, the moment the blade became infinitely close to his body.

Dozens of instantaneous accelerated red images embroidered the air.

28. The precursor.

my master of swordsman The heyday of the Jungwon herd, where Cheonma Dokgojun lived.

It is said that there was a time when the high-profile works of the political faction rotted to the point of decay, making it difficult for the people of Murim to work and people were devastated.

I'll doin' it! Hiccups! I mean... um, where did I go? Hiccups!]

To be honest, what is reliable is that he was nothing more than a simple drunkard without a rat, but there are cases where he heard that he stood up with only one sword and unified Murim.

the 88 herbivores he invented and left behind

Each sword with a destructive and fierce attack near the cutting edge met with the sword Hares and changed to the best form for me.

Ugh!!

His new model is split into dozens of branches with the sound of air blowing for an instant.

"Oh, I'm satisfied."

It feels better than I imagined. No one else but a sword I made for my own use.

Therefore, there was no situation where the sword and I were not compatible.

As soon as the Red Horse, which had been rushing with a huge presence, lightly shook off the blood on the black day as soon as it collapsed, the blood slowly evaporated as if it were burning in flames.

"I think this is enough for Hongdan."

Persec has touched my cheek with my calm voice.

You, he's not dead yet.

"I know."

Slurping!!

You said words can be seeded.

I pushed my empty hands back into the air as the blood from his body, which had become dozens of flesh thanks to me, began to intertwine as if it had a will.

At the same time, a sapphire blue sword began to slowly pull out of my hand.

"Perserk, you're not even a top vampire, do you remember anything about the fact that the beast is immortal?"

"It's not normal to use your blood in the first place."

"I'd like to check. There's no way to check."

Crrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr...

With incredibly fast resilience, the regrouping of the six pieces soon formed a ragged form and revived him.

Of course, the man whose eyes were twisted attacked me with rage and soon dug into me as if to cut me off with a sharp claw.

The speed was as fast as the beginning.

Ugh!!

However, once again, the red flash cut off his whole body, and his attack lost its power and became rich in the air again.

"Well... let's see the power of immortality."

Top vampires have survival skills similar to Richie's.

The power to hide the source of immortality not far from the main body.

If you don't break the root of the phoenix, it will come back again and again.

Of course, if you break it so finely that it can no longer be revived, or if you are exhausted, or if you are exposed to a large amount of divine power, you will die out yourself, but it is easy to say and not easy to apply.

In short, it meant it would be a very troublesome fight.

Of course, since it is a ridiculous fraud, it is extremely vulnerable to attack the source of immortality or to be attacked with high-level divine magic, and it is significantly less powerful to separate the source of immortality.

It's like a balance patch of a great will called God.

Basically, it is clear that it is a very threatening power to fight an unprepared enemy.

Other disadvantages include not being able to keep the source as far away as Richie does, so it has to be hidden nearby.

Nevertheless, the ability to die is so high that it is only given to the top vampires who are born with the Road level qualification.

But why is there such a powerful force in this beast?

At the moment, I thought I would catch him and investigate the truth, but it was a pity that the situation was not so optimistic.

I even felt a subtle sense of dexterity when Ma-su, who had been resurrected even if he was brutally cut with Hongdan-ro, fell down on the single sword of Qingdao.

The sharpness of the cutting was far less than that of Hongdan, but the effect of Ma's attributes and the presence of immortality was excellent.