61 # 61

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 10 of the Three Books

Dozens of artisans are knocking on the hammer as if they were already here. Some of the oldest looking dwaffes of the dog frowned when they saw Golda guiding me.

It was not because of his appearance, but because of me following him.

"Don't you see? He's the one who came to town this time."

"Golda, you're really crazy!"

"Where the hell am I? Bring me a human!"

Their reaction was natural.

Golda is eight elders. That means there are other elders besides him.

And didn't they now refuse to meet me to work on this conversation?

Among them, Dwarf looked exactly like Golda.

"Golda."

"Brother."

"Explain what this is about."

Goller gave a short sigh, with dwarves staring at me with a cold face.

"It was a bet. I heard that Prince Baby of the Round Kingdom was learning the art of the field."

"So?"

It`s okay even for a short time, so I`m just going to give you a tour of the work."

"So you bring a human to this central workshop? Golda! Are you really crazy? He's still sober!"

"I'm fine! I haven't seen you in a long time, so please trust this little prince on the line of my elders."

"Golda, you..."

Golda's cry was unexpectedly energetic. When I first saw him, he was annoying. It would have been the same for other elders, but he was a man of his word.

"Hey, little prince."

"This is Davy."

"...yes, Davey. That's all I can do for you."

"Yes."

"Promise is an appointment, and I will help you like this today, but don't think I'll ever do that again."

"That's enough."

He gasped for nothing as if he didn't like my smiling face and turned around.

"What are you doing? I thought you said you had something important to do today?!"

"Oh, my God! What nonsense are you talking about?"

Finally, one of the craftsmen threw the hammer he was holding.

From their point of view, I'm so angry that I came into the conversation.

You're overreacting.

"The stubbornness of artisans is the same no matter how long it takes to go wherever you go, because I've done something shameless, so don't be angry anymore."

She puffed her cheeks with discontent at my words.

What a speed you are.

"Maybe I was the same.'

It's one of the traces my teacher left behind.

I saw the finished sword.

I have the twin sword in my hand.

Lastly, the old work he left behind is here.

"Oh, shit! You learned to learn how to play the field? Do you even know what we're doing?!"

"It's not another thing, it's 3,000 years old."

"You know it! Everyone, let me ask you one more time for my presidency!"

The Dwarves, who were angry at Golda's determined cry, shut their mouths.

But the animosity towards me did not disappear easily.

Is there any reason to help these people?

Who's helping? I'm just here to trade diamonds with corn.'

Before that, I only see them once.

"Give me a little mercy for my future years."

"What are you doing? Golda is the elder! If he makes that decision, he should respect it!"

What helped me then was none other than the old man who looked just like Golda.

Snoring.

He was Golda's brother and one elder who managed the first flashlight in this generation.

1 Elder means the elder in the highest position. It was safe to say that he was the leader of this tribe.

"Hmm... Elder Golgoda's words, I'll let it slide."

"But I don't want this to happen again!"

Is it because the elder Golgotha's breath was strong?

The grumbling Dwarfs soon picked up the hammer they threw back and began to concentrate on their work.

"Human."

"Yes."

"I accepted it at my brother's request, but if I get caught doing something useless, my battle hammer will crush your head right away."

It was not long before I smiled at the threat of Golgotha, and he turned his head away to see if he didn't like it.

* * *

The first flash of light is a huge sword from its size.

It is a super-sized sword that is 2 meters long and 30 centimeters wide can be said to be an antique design with a blade that is slightly over 30 centimeters long.

No, the horse is a sword, not a sword, but a huge structure with numerous appendages.

an uncutting sword

It is safe to say that it is a sword that cannot be cut, not a sword that cannot be cut.

The sword, which had been a relic of Dwarf village until now, was half broken in the center of the workshop and boasted its majesty.

I just watched without saying anything about the first flash.

What are you looking at so closely?

'You can't fix that.'

I, who was watching without a word, boldly evaluated it.

Fix it? It would be as stupid and rude as trying to revive an old man who is old enough to live in heaven and die.

"It would be better to make a new one. It's been too long.'

a sword-like process

However, it is not a finished product like a new sword.

Therefore, the initial flash did not endure the long years.

"What are you all doing? Hurry up and pull it!"

"Hey! What happened to the metal you made?"

"You're going to ruin it! You're not going to hammer it right?! You want everything to go down!"

The workshop was simply a battlefield.

All of them are skilled warpers in the tribe, but they have not been able to fix them for weeks even if all of them rushed in.

If it were a regular sword, there would have been no reason for so many duffers to rush in.

However, the flash of the first time is not a swinging sword, but a magical sword that has many protections just for its existence.

No, it was safe to look at it as a magic device.

That's probably why they're taking each part of it and carefully handling it.

You're pretty eager for your dirty personality.

As I watched the Dwarfs discussing and carefully touching their hands, Persek murmured as a surprise.

Did you know that Dwarf's personality is on fire?'

I know.

Even with such temper, they are always polite and respectful to those they acknowledge.

It's the first time I've ever faced them alive, but I've heard of such a story.

The restoration work, which began early in the morning, did not stop even though the sun had already risen.

The central workshop with the dialogue route was located underground, so the sun is not visible.

Seeing them hammering and researching as if they were grinding their souls, I would buy them passionate.

I sat quietly like a lion looking for food, gazing at their work, and fell into other thoughts.

"With that kind of enthusiasm and technology, it would be very nice if you let them develop land facilities.'

Their skills were greater than I expected.

Since they are dwaffes who do not see anything else by hanging on that sword, they will not be able to listen to my request for maintenance of various facilities, including water supply facilities.

Among them, the most passionate and fast-moving ones were none other than Dwarf, Golda's older brother, and Golda, who brought me here.

He knocked on the hammer silently, as if he had committed a sin, and madly without considering his body.

"Oh, my God! Golgotha, you do it and then it goes away! Take a good rest and do it!"

"Okay! Where's the tongs? Hurry up and put the next part!

"Oh, my God!"

He was so desperate that even the other Dwarves were contemplating him.

Perhaps the biggest responsibility came from the broken flash of the beginning that should be managed in my hands.

As soon as they inherited the sword, which was originally managed by the father of the Golgotha and the Golda brothers, it became this much, so it is natural.

I clenched my tongue silently at the sight of desperately clenching my teeth.

"That's not how it works."

He was losing his cool to judge. However, his excellent skills were barely holding him back.

He is desperately hanging on to the sword because he is not able to fix it due to his lack of skills, so he is taking a step back.

Whatever it is, they are barely holding on to their faint hope.

It was then.

While watching their work without a word, I accidentally got a chance to step out.

"Ha! Damn yellow rock tribe, you've managed to use the sword."

It was none other than the rampage of Dwarf in black.

"Thorse?"

"Why does the Black Rock tribe show up here?"

Black rock tribe. Clearly, the Dwarf tribe in the southern part of the continent is named.

It must be quite a distance, but when did it come?

His sudden appearance silenced the workshop.

Except for one.

"You've smashed the shit out of me, and you've got the cheek to say it."

"Shut your mouth, Thor!"

Golda couldn't overcome her anger and shouted, but Thor's black-clad Dwarf only shrugged his shoulders and strode into the central workshop.

Interesting!

Tors, who was watching them without a word, soon laughed at Golgotha, who had ignored him whether he came or not.

"What do you think? Elder Golgotha. Honestly, I didn't like it when you said you were in charge of this sword."

"You punk! "

"Now hand over the sword to our Black Rock tribe, at least the craftsmen of our tribe would be better than this. Phew!"

The faces of other Dwarves were distorted by the sight of them spitting and provoking.

"Isn't that so? We have the best elders!"

"Ha! You're making me laugh, even the oldest black rock can't fix this easily!"

"Those of you who say that already haven't been able to fix this sword for a long time."

Is it because the statement was true?

The indignant dwaffes clenched their teeth.

However, Golgoda only tapped some of the first flashes that were silently heated.

KANG! KANG!

Ignoring his presence, he shook the hammer desperately. as if pleading mournfully His hammering was restless.

"Turn it over now. Don't call me names anymore!"

The faces of the Dwarfs were wrinkled by Thor's cry.

At the same time, the sound of Golgoda's hammer became stronger.

Some people are angry, clenched their teeth, and their eyes are bloodshot. I was so angry that I could feel the emotion desperately.

"This is the result of the agreement of all the elders of the other tribes. I can't leave you to the worst of the Dwarf tribes. Well, it would have been reliable if it had been for General Gordo."

Dwarf was a skilled speaker, so no one could say anything more about Thorce.

Kkang! Kkang!

The sound of a hammer gradually intensified inside the workshop.

It was then.