73 # 73

The Manreb hero is coming back!

The 22nd installment of the third volume.

"Abuah!"

At that time, the guys who were laughing and playing with each other handed me the leftover cookies.

"Are you giving it to me?"

"My dear!"

"Hehe!"

When I realized the meaning of Hongdan's words, which were struggling with excitement, I accepted the cookies, and they gave me sparkling eyes as if they were going to see when I was eating them.

"Oh, good boy."

"Laugh!"

Hong Dan, who felt good when he finally poured it into his mouth even if it was cute, smiled and hugged my neck and kissed me on the cheek.

knock, knock

"It's Amy, under my command."

I was trying to hold back my mouth when I was trying to catch my ears with my ungainly cuteness.

When Amy was knocking carefully, I put my face together and coughed briefly.

"Hmm, what's going on?"

"We have a visitor."

"Without a word? Did you eat your manners?"

"That's... it's Princess Winley."

"What? Where is he now, guide him!"

Exceptions, of course, are always there.

Amy didn't say anything for a while, apparently a little embarrassed by my confident words.

* * *

"Orabani!"

The little girl with green hair, who was looking at the simple yet neat and pretty flower bed, soon rushed to me and hugged me as soon as she saw me.

"How have you been?"

It was my brother's face that I saw for the first time in almost half a year since we broke up when I left for the land.

"I've missed you so much. Brother."

"Yeah, yeah. Did you get hurt.

When I patted him on the back and stroked his head, the guy looking up at me with a red face fell a little bit from me.

"You're so mean. You haven't sent me a letter in the meantime."

"Haha, I'm sorry. I'm a little busy."

"Huh... I'm understanding you by looking at Youngji, so you're lucky."

"By the way, what about Varys?"

"He's..."

WINRI's eyes narrowed with subtle frown.

Then he sighed briefly and soon twinkled as if he had found something.

"But my brother, these kids..."

Only then did he find Hongdan and Chengdan attached to the back of me?

The sight of the two children with their heads sticking out with a very nervous face put a smile on Winnie's lips.

"You... you're so cute!"

"Awwow!

"Kitty!"

Surprised by Win-ri, who almost couldn't resist her instinct and hugged the two, Hong-dan and Cheng-dan struggled, but Win-ri never let them go. He rubbed his cheek and screamed, saying, "It's rather cute."

"Abuah!"

"Come on!"

I think I liked it quite a lot when I did it, but still, there seemed to be discrimination between parents and non-parents.

"Let's get in there."

After failing to see the children's SOS signals, I stopped WINRI, and then I stepped back as if I had come to my senses.

"Huh... I must have lost my temper for a while."

On such a topic, he seemed to be hugging the children for days and days if he had a chance to catch a glimpse of them again.

With a disappointing expression on her back, Win-ri followed me into the drawing room and gleamed at the children carefully reaching out to cookies.

"Oh! So cute! Brother, who the hell are these children? Young Jimin?"

"These are the kids I take care of."

"Are you an older brother?"

"First of all, it's my daughter."

"Oh, my God..."

With a look of amazingness, Winri shook her head.

"You're doing something new every time I see you. It's really...

"For some reason, these are the kids I have to take care of."

"Well... then I have nothing to say..."

Is it because it was so cute to see them laughing and playing with each other, but turning their eyes to Win-ri's side whenever they had time to time to time.

WINRI stretched out her hands, breathing hard.

"Hey, guys? Why don't you come to my sister's arms?"

"Wow... ..."

Of course I can't go.

Wynthia eventually made her cry, as they were hiding in my arms.

"Hongdan, you should get along with her, right?"

Is he trying to live up to my expectations by gently smiling and stroking the heads of two children?

Eventually, they slowly moved around and approached Winri and held out the cookies they had in their hands.

"Cookie... ..."

"Are you giving it to me? Really? Argh!

Is it good enough to scream?

"Uh-huh..."

"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

When Win-ri, who couldn't stand it and hugged her two children, rubbed her cheeks against their cheeks, Hong-dan and Cheng-dan were all lightly crying.

"How cute! Guys, why don't you follow me?"

"Come on!"

"Abuah!"

a near-splain

Despite the children's determined expression of their opinions, Win-ri's grumbling self gave her a sigh.

"By the way, I know you're busy with your work, but how did you get here?"

I asked her, as she was shaking a cup of tea without saying a word as the ladies put down the teacups.

"Orbani is also very... ..the territory itself is quite quiet due to the recent decline in the attacks of the wild pirates. Aren't you too indifferent?"

"Haha, I'm sorry."

If we had exchanged letters, we wouldn't have been this slow, but have you been busy?

"I was really surprised. I was so worried when I first heard you were coming to this barren land... ...and I saw it. There are dwaffes all over town."

"I'm getting some help."

"Oh, my God... ...Dwarf is a kind of people who don't usually come out of the world, right? I've never seen it before. Dwarf."

Is she the only one?

It is true that people on the land are often looking at dwaffes as if they were looking at them as if they were interesting creatures.

Of course, they'll have a lot of time to stay, so they'll get used to it sooner or later.

"I'd love to treat you properly if you were a king, but the land is like this... ...and you'll need a few more months to stabilize."

"I'm the one who came out of nowhere. I can't complain. Actually, I'm here to see you."

She gave a wry look on her face, which was blurred at the end of her speech. The expression on his face, which seemed pleasant just a while ago, was a face that cared about something heavy that was nowhere to be seen.

"Orabani."

"Hmm?"

"The power of the scar..." Can you use it?"

"The power of the scar?"

To my calm question, Winley cautiously brought up the story with a complex expression.

"It's not right for me to ask you to do this at a time when you're really busy."

"Don't worry and tell me."

It's only a short time since I woke up from a coma, but I'm confident that I can't make it as if I'm doing my brother's favor.

What else can't you help?

When I urged him to speak as if I were standing, Winri managed to speak up.

"I'm so sorry. Brother..."

"Oh, don't hesitate to tell me. I'll help you even if it's impossible."

Did my words make you feel relieved?

Eventually, Winnie began to sob as if she had held it in.

"Orbani... ...my man is on the verge of death... ...and the new and the new, and the congressmen are giving up..."

A strange sensation dominated her whole body at her crying words.

"You've given up both the new and the new?"

"Yes... so, what would the power of the scar be like?"

Yeah, this feeling. I had a strong feeling that something big exploded.

30. Signs of plague.

Was it reassuring to see me?

Win-ri, who burst into tears while hugging me, couldn't stop crying until she was exhausted and collapsed.

Eventually, Winnie, who was exhausted and fainted, fell asleep as she was, and had no choice but to lie on the bed before hearing the details.

"You're tired. I think you've been having a hard time."

"Let it rest a lot. You must have had a hard time on your way here."

The Ordem Land where they are located is quite far from here. However, if you ran for days and days to get here without a break, you would be exhausted physically.

Was my person so precious?

As soon as I swept away Win-ri's forehead, Mi-yeol was delivered tenderly on the tip of her hand.

[Listore]

When I lightly used my remaining physical strength to put a recovery magic on my body, the expression on my face, which seemed to be hard just before, seemed to be more comfortable.

"Wow... ..."

"Early, are you're sick."

Did he realize that he was instinctively sick when he saw Winnie sleeping?

Hong Dan-i and Chung Dan-yi, who followed me, held her a while ago and asked her if she had forgotten what she didn't like.

"You'll be fine after a good night's sleep. So let's just let him sleep tight."

"He said he wouldn't dance if he was sick."

"Hong-dani will write it for you."

Soon, he crawled under the blanket and hugged WINRI tightly and fell asleep.

And to see if he would lose, Ethan looked at me and carefully went under the blanket and hugged Wynry from the other side and closed his eyes.

Normally, they wouldn't have been able to stop them, but they're basically a mass of energy that releases spirits, sanctity, or manna implicitly.

Perhaps keeping it by your side will help you recover your physical strength.

Seeing Win-ri sleeping, I left the room only after Cheng Dan and Hong Dan were completely asleep.