77 # 77

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the first installment of the four volumes.

31. Medical front!

"What are you doing?!"

It was a polite, cold, and angry No Ho-seong.

At the same time, the main character of my voice snatched my hand holding the blade.

"I asked the dying patient what he was doing."

The man who stopped me was a man with a red uniform and a strict impression.

Covering his nose and mouth with a red cloth, he seemed to question my presence without any defense.

"This is an off-limits area other than those involved. Who the hell are you? Are you'really?"

At his words, I took a small card out of my arms and showed it to him. Royal identification helps in many ways.

"I'm Prince David Olloun of the Kingdom of Lown."

"Hmm... you're late for greeting. I'm Baron Gorneo. In short, he is a member of the Central Disease Control Unit."

When I looked through the costume at his introduction, I found that he was clearly dressed in red like Earl Linton and had a unique pattern on his face.

"I see."

"You can't be here even if you're a prince, I'"

I put down the blade I was holding on to the action that kept me in check.

"Can't I be here?"

"The disease that's spread on this land is infected through the respiratory system in special circumstances... oh no! Cover your nose and mouth with this! Come on!

As he was speaking, he was soon surprised to find out that I was wearing nothing on my face and put out a small cloth in my arms.

"There's a low probability of infection out there, but there's a large number of people here! Come on!"

I accepted the cloth without a word at his coercive request, and then pushed myself into my back.

"I heard the news that the prince had come to this land for this! You have a scar. But this disease cannot be cured with the power of the stigma!"

I stopped him at his firm voice.

"Did you see for yourself that you couldn't heal?"

"Not really. It's almost impossible to see anyone with a scar. However, this advice was given by a deputy minister with a high level of spirituality before. So... ..."

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

It was then.

Someone's desperate scream rang out in my ears with the man who was pushing my back.

As soon as I took my steps, I saw a man tied to the bed, screaming and making a disturbance.

"Oh, my God!"

At the sight, Baron Gorneo rushed to the patient's place, and soon shouted, checking the condition.

"Since when did you do this?"

"That... that..."

"Get me the Payne Killer! Just calm him down!!"

I watched the patient's condition without a word, ignoring his embarrassing yet determined act of prescribing.

That's terrible...

"Bloody foam, tears-like essence in the eyes. irregular movement of the spots on the whole body"

Davey?

Hearing my muttering, she opened her eyes roundly and called me, but I boldly stopped anyone who brought a tube and a medicine bottle.

"What... what are you doing..."

"If you administer it now, he'll die."

"Yes, yes?"

"Give me the coffin."

I took a cleanly disinfected tube and immediately strode into the screaming crowd.

Then he grabbed the screaming man's mouth and wiped out all the bloody bubbles with his fingers.

If bitten wrong, it's dangerous to fly your finger, not work, but it's not as soft as it can be by the teeth of the general public.

"Hey... what are you doing?!"

As soon as Baron Gorneo was about to yell at my sudden intrusion.

When I, who was stuttering his top without a word, boldly tore his clothes, he opened his eyes wide in surprise.

What are you doing in front of an emergency patient whose time is life?

"The number of bruises is increasing to two... no, three.'

My eyes were squinting at the presence of bubbles.

Blood containing a virus gathered in the lungs. If they don't get it out right away, the situation is definitive.

'8 mm from the bottom and 3 mm from the right. Even if there is a slight error, this human being dies.'

I focused all my nerves on the sensation I felt at the fingertips with a short breath.

Mumbling as if to soothe himself, I boldly lifted a tube with a sharp end, feeling the man's ribs with my index finger and the tip of my middle finger.

Chewing!

At the same time, light light began to scatter from my hands.

Once in the hand that holds the patient, once in the hand that holds the tube in the hand that holds the patient.

[Senior General of Perception]

[Holey coating]

Whoo...

The level of difficulty of double casting is significant, as the magic of the divine magic is different in different ways.

In an instant, two sacred spells began to be activated, and without hesitation, the coffin was handed over to his ribs and plunged into his lungs.

Boom!

The gruesome sound of the flesh made me struggle with painfully.

The struggling patient could not even breathe properly, so he just screamed and struggled with blood bubbles.

'A little more!'

I, who was moving the fingertips along the end of the tube, which was pushed in accurately and slowly, dared more boldly into the tube more boldly.

Surprised by my bizarre behavior, Baron Gorneo jumped in and grabbed me by the collar before I could get out of the coffin.

"You!! What do you mean by a man's life!!..."

His anger was so deep that I could feel it.

It is not because he was deprived of his job, but because he treated the patient too carelessly.

If someone who didn't know saw it, my behavior was more radical than medical activities, like killing someone.

In his anger, I pointed at the patient with a tip of my chin.

"Tell me what..."

Was he even angrier at my actions? He acted as if he were a prince and would hit me, but soon he turned his eyes along the tip of my chin and stopped.

"Curluck... ..Curluck..."

The man, who had been in pain and couldn't breathe just a moment ago, relaxed and lay down and started coughing briefly.

Puschuck...

And the dark blue liquid began to come out as if it had been waiting in the tube I had put in.

If you don't drain the liquid like that for at least a while, you will have difficulty breathing again.

"Give it to me."

Since then, after lightly shaking off Baron Goneo, I received a small test tube that the lawmaker next to me had, took the liquid without hesitation, and closed the lid and spoke softly.

"We'll stop the bleeding and then we'll sew it up. For your information, don't take painkillers including paint killers within 24 hours of developing such symptoms, as they will shock the patient. And."

My blurry look at the end of my words was hooked on Baron Gorneo, whose eyes were wide open.

"People with scarring are immune to moderate diseases."

God's power class isn't normal.

Forgetting what to say with a stupid expression, ignoring those staring at me blankly, I left there without hesitation with a test tube containing dark blue liquid.

And they couldn't move inside the clinic until the moment I left.

* * *

When I returned to my lordship, leaving behind the commotion at the clinic, I immediately found Winnie's room, which was in agony.

"Oh, my brother!"

As soon as he entered the room, Win-ri, who was holding his face in both hands, hurriedly woke up with his eyes wide open.

"You're here."

Then, next to her, Ullis was sitting with a soft smile.

Flustered with a red face, Winnie seemed to be hiding something.

"Oh... my brother, did you hear...?"

"What?"

"Oh... no!!"

Surprised, she shook her head violently.

He turned to Ullis in a strange atmosphere, but Ullis just smiled silently and said nothing.

Winnie is so embarrassed that she can't help it, and Yulice, who is called one of the best bridesmaids on the continent...

I'm sure a girl of that age will turn red and have a good feeling.

In the end, Winnie is a girl, too.

I mean...

It's no use raising a daughter!

So she's not your daughter!

Persec's cry didn't touch my ears.

"I've looked into a few things. Currently, there are two members of the disease control team on the territory. Count Lington and Baron Goneo. Oh, for your information, the rank behind them is the class of the past, and they belong to the National Disease Control and Prevention."

"Congress?"

WINRI, who was staring at the drug car with a tired face, gave a questionable look.

"Yes, first of all, I need to tell you about the Central Disease Control Unit. Would that be all right?"

"I was just wondering."

"Aha. I'm glad I found out."

Laughing cheerfully, he soon thrust a pen into the paper.

Then, he drew a circle, three circles under it, and 15 circles under it.

"First of all, it's the hierarchy chart of the Central Disease Control Group. It would be efficient to explain only the big things."

"Hmm..."

"You know that the Central Disease Control Group is a group of people who are engaged in therapeutic activities created by the conference of the Three Emperors."

"That's what I know for now know."

No matter what you say, it is the largest medical organization on the continent.

"The class has one general, three chairmen, and 15 members of Congress. There are knights and countless other people in the medical community down here. They're the ones that matter."

"Are the three chairmen the third emperor?"

"You're quick-witted. And the one leader is none other than the Holy Father of Valshas. I heard you participated to apply for this job with good intentions."

Trauma can be fixed quickly with recovery magic, but the disease has unexpectedly many holes.

Therefore, the purpose of the disease control team itself was quite transparent and constructive.

"There are 15 members of Congress down there. Most of them have achieved outstanding achievements or have great medical skills to be recognized by everyone. However, I heard that everyone's personal information has been deleted to exclude personal business."

They are the aristocrats who clean up their own information for one purpose.

I can even feel madness.

"There are currently two members of Congress on the site. Count Lington and Baron Gorneo. Well, the rank at the back doesn't mean anything anymore, so it's just a title."

He smiled bitterly at the end of his speech.

"The important thing is that they are entrusted with the powers of the Three Emperors as well as the powers of the Union. In fact, Count Linton's words have legitimacy."

In other words, their actions to prevent the plague on the land were justified.

Of course, that doesn't mean you can kill all Young Ji-min indiscriminately.