75 # 75

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the 24th installment of the third volume.

"Well, what about the Palan Empire's dame? Is that hard to get?"

"......."

......a pervert.

Just in a second.

The grumbling of Persek, who was genuinely annoyed, seemed to be heard in his ears.

No, a beauty like that can make you feel sorry for her.

Even though she is still young, she and I are now at the age of self-reliance on this continent.

He closed his eyes quietly when I faced him without making any lame excuses.

I could feel his eyebrows shaking as if trying to guess the meaning of what I said.

Is it true or does it contain other meanings?

For a moment to watch him agonize, he gave the best possible answer he could give.

"I'm... ...my life is precious."

There is a subtle sigh of tiredness in the way he speaks.

"Okay, that's enough."

Speaking calmly, I threw a bag of gold coins lightly at him.

"It's a deposit."

Having taken a bag of money containing gold coins lightly, he opened his eyes slightly wide as if surprised by the heavy weight he had expected.

It's 150 gold. There must be a female magician named Fortna in the article under my brother, Winley. Investigate her recent activities."

"This is a woman's background check."

"I'd like you to call it a medical activity. Who do you see as a pervert stalker?"

I had a subtle feeling of coldness in his eyes.

But did you just wear the underwear of the Palan Imperial Lady?

Although I can't talk to Persek, the man in front of me seems to think the same way, and the way he looks at me is unusual.

'Information confirmation'

Beep beep

Name: Jack (Ina Helishana)

Age: 124

Gender: male (female)

Species: Human (Dark Elves)

Title: Starburst

Abnormal state: nothing

Specifics:

Master Initiative assassination combined.

One of the four directors of Guild Mary's Continental Information.

Working as [jack] within the information guild.

Current Psychology:

Confusion

"Um? Was it a girl?" And the Dark Elves?'

Suddenly I stopped at the race section of the man's information and looked at him.

The skin doesn't look dark or the ears don't look long.

It's a dark elf, and it doesn't have dark skin in the first place, so it's all the same elves, just like the wizard and the black wizard.

'If you don't mind, you won't be able to see anything good.'

Are you the one to be treated?

'No way.'

Laughing inwardly, I continued.

"Is it possible?"

"I won't accept the money."

It was then.

He, who had been pondering over it, quietly handed me the money bag again.

"What does this mean?"

"I won't accept the money."

"You're going to make it free?"

"That's not true either."

After answering silently, he looked down quietly.

"I'll pay for it later."

"What if I take it off?"

When asked with a smile, he looked down silently.

"Unlike you know, you see the colorimetric disposition.I'm suggesting that you're not the one who's going to take off the appointment."

You're going to watch my move a little bit and make connections if you like it?

It's arrogant, but it's not bad.

I was a little surprised by the race of the Dark Elves, but if I change my gender in the first place and hide it, it would be hard to hide the race.

It was a reliable figure, but it wasn't funny that it was a fake.

As the power of abyss was used more deeply, the appearance of a girl with a slender body and a small height began to look blurry.

It is also a force derived from shrapnel from God's will.

"Is that your organization's opinion?"

"It's my personal offer."

"Okay, do whatever you want."

"Then..."

After a short silence, he dispersed as if he were acting.

"You care more about your ability to hide? I have pride."

Laughing, I brooded the information I had used for him, or her, a while ago.

"Hidden the Dark Elves with their genders... ..and more than anything, isn't the Echo Guild a famous information guild on the continent?"

Merchants aren't the only ones who can smell the money. More than that.

She spoke quietly to me, blurring the end oft.

Do you know about Helishana Castle?

"Helishana?"

Don't you know?

"I think the elf's grown-up. What do you got something?"

She smiled softly and shook her head at my question.

It doesn't matter if you don't know. To forget.

"What a shitty."

The conversation with her didn't last long.

* * *

After a long run, Winnie was exhausted, but she followed me as if she could not waste an inch of time.

However, due to the urgent draft, he ran without taking care of himself, so Winri's body was not physically good enough to endure the march that lasted for several days.

In the midst of a heavy loss of energy, he strutted around the battlefield.WINRI is basically a wizard who is physically fit even though he is used to it's not WINRI.

"I know your condition, stay here."

"No! I'll follow you!"

"Don't be stubborn."

In a stern voice, Winnie remained steadfast.

Do you know how bad my physical condition is because I ran too hard?

Equestrian is surprisingly physically exhausting.

All of a sudden, I wondered what Barris was doing, but he pretended not to be, but he must have his own situation as he is the most cherished twin brother in the world.

"It takes a few days to get to Ordem territory. If you ride the carriage, you will be slower, and if you look at the symptoms as you said, you will be in a hurry, which will interfere."

Though he complained with a bitter voice, Winnie cried, saying, "I can run on a horse."

I don't know why you're so weak with those twin brothers.

"I can go, brother! I'm not weak!"

I guess I can do it, but if I hold on mentally, will it be a problem to go anyway. It's just that I don't want it.

As soon as I couldn't decide what to do with my little worries,

Such concerns have been resolved in an unexpected part.

* * *

"Nice to meet you. I'm Master Yoolis of Grade 5. The body is placed in an enemy tower, even if it is too much."

When a wizard introduces me, he tends to take off his gender and add a grade and skill level.

a fifth-degree master

Mena's oaths have a habit of being very displeased with cheating on the rating.

In other words, a young man in his late 20s with this short red hair in front of him was like a wizard of the level of a five-circle master.

5 circles.

Considering my age with my skills close to the beginning of the master, it is indeed a tremendous situation.

It will require more than a sodmaster level of talent and effort.

If the sword disciplines the body, magic is a system that strengthens the mind and brain.

Unlike those who spend their entire lives at the age of 4 to 50 and become very few masters, he was still knocking on the wall of the master at the age of less than 30.

In my case, the standard of time is different, so I make an exception.

"This is Davy All-Own. I've heard a lot about the level 5 of Ulysses. It's an honor for you to come all the way to this humble land."

I didn't care, actually. There was no reason to meet and talk to him like this.

Continental or not, he is the central tower of the Central Continent. Will there be more troublesome things to do if we can't do anything else.

"What do you mean dirty? It's the most glittering territory in the East. In addition, I wanted to meet her at least once because she was proud of herself."

There was no such thing as sarcasm in his smile and speech.

Considering his image, is he honest and so sincere that he is a courageous young man?

However, the risk level for him had already risen to the maximum level in his head.

He's dangerous!'

You need to think more carefully. Why should I be so wary just because I accompanied my younger brother?

You know, I have enough.

How dare you reach out your black hand?

Apparently, he has a gentle personality and is the first genius to be recognized by the tower.

Besides, he's from a good background!

From, money, personality, appearance, ability.

nothing lags behind Indeed, the son of a mother's friend was this young man, who was a fifth-degree Ullis.

In addition, Merritt, who becomes a master at a young age, is better than anyone imaginable.

You're tall, too.

The problem was why he had a relationship with Winnie.

"But how do you know someone like Julis V?"

When I asked with my eyes squinted open, Winley was startled and tapped my arm.

"Oh... my brother!"

"Haha, that's okay. I'll be on my guard. Actually, I was on my way to the Hines estate for business, but I happened to be accompanied by Queen Winley."

It was WINRI with a red face at his words.

It's no use raising a daughter.Donnie.

I can't do this. Let's take care of him now.

You have to put up with it, Winnie, and she's not your daughter!

If it wasn't for Persek's cry, who snatched my arm with intangible power in an instant, I would have swung the sword in my hand.

'Whoa...'

I smiled bitterly at him for making the sword disappear unnoticed.

"How can I thank you for helping my poor brother?"

"No, it's because I was helped."

Apparently, the fearless bandits I met on the way here were after Ullis, and Wynry, who was riding a horse, kicked them out with magic.

"So I was wondering how I could repay you, and I came here."

"Oh... yes."

"There's not enough room, but I can help you with space magic as well as flame magic."

"Go, move space magic!"

I exclaimed inwardly at the same time as the alarmed cry of Winley.

Usually a wizard delves into one area for life.

This is because life is too short to learn about other systems rather than being obsessed with one.

"I have a small mana gate with me to move the supplies."

"Cow... ...Small Manage Gate!"

I looked at her in a low voice at the alarm of Winnie.

"Amazing?"

"Well... yes! Brother! Unlike the huge mana gate, the small mana gate is an artifact of super luxury that is extremely rare among the sorcerers of the tower!"

"Hmm..."

"It's a continental bibo that can be used by people who are familiar with space theory of more than five circles and have mana close to high-wizards. I never thought one of them was in the red tower."

It is said that he was originally on his way to prevent the damage of important items in the tower from being damaged in the middle.

WINRI is also a wizard. Therefore, she is as curious and inquisitive as any other wizard.

Eventually I decided to put him on hold for now.

A small mana gate will allow you to move around without much burden.

Especially, even though Winnie is not a spatial person, she's a wizard. There will be little reaction from the movement magic.

Long-distance teleports are more than six circles, making it quite cumbersome for me now.

"Well, I owe you a favor."

He also smiled and held my hand as I reached out with a smile.

Maybe it's because his hands are subtly tense. His countenance felt a little pale.