71 # 71

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the 20th installment in the third volume.

It was really an instant for a quarter to pass.

In the meantime, I was so busy that I could feel that I was so busy that I'm so busy.

Elder Golda started by deploying manpower in the right place as he was an outstanding engineer.

Their original purpose is to maintain the facilities of this land.

Hearing the current situation of Yeongji, who had the same thought as mine, Elder Golda displayed his unique dwaffy sense, deploying engineers and solving the tension.

Of course, since it's a reality that they've grown their hands on their own, I have lavishly supported artifacts, alchemy tools, or manpower that will speed up the work to the limit.

Where did you get all that stuff?

The large number of groups gathered on the land are the towers, pensioners, temples, and tops, and what is more lacking?

Money is too much compared to the amount held by a single land, and there was nothing lacking thanks to various organizations that continued to work under bribery little by little even now.

"Here's what you do..."

"That's a good move."

He and Dwarf continue to discuss the development of the territory day and day. The higher the starting threshold, the better it was the better.

If someone makes them want to live, the nearby businesses will naturally be desperate to build similar levels of buildings on their sites to prevent them from falling behind and failing to do business.

Then what about the tower or the pension school?

It's a group full of pride, so of course they'll force it to meet the standard.

By blocking the source of the plot to establish only a branch, the quality of the land is raised in an instant.

It was a pretty good challenge in its own way.

Of course, it didn't matter if they didn't move as I expected.

There's nothing to lose.

In fact, thanks to the special skills of the Dwarfs, the simple accommodations made by adding boards were almost demolished and temporary houses began to be built.

However, the problem began to take place elsewhere.

It was friction over various problems caused by the increase of people.

A sudden increase in the number of people will naturally cause many friction.

As long as you become Young Jimin, there can't be discrimination, so you're trying your best to come to a fair conclusion, but you don't have to pay for people's lives.

After a few nights of hard work, I turned off the big light, but now I only want to sleep.

"Oh, my. It's easier to fight."

Being a leader is difficult by nature.

"I can see why Joseon kings were short-lived."

As I lay down on a wide bed, I felt a soft touch covering my whole body.

It is an ergonomic bed recently created by the Alchemist school. From that size, it is a huge size like a royal family.

At this level, it was a pretty good bed on Earth.

I want to rest well.

He was lying in a dark room, covering his eyes with his arms and sighing.

"Huhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

There was a little girl's voice in this room where no one was supposed to be.

Reflecting my jump, I could soon find something crouching in the blanket at the center of the bed.

"......."

Stiffened calmly, just without saying anything, I had no choice but to look at something small with a delicate expression for a long time.

29. If you have children, you should be responsible.

people

However, the curves above the blanket were so small that it was clearly felt that it was a very small body to be considered an adult.

"Did I find the wrong room?"

No way.

Even though I thought it was impossible, I squinted my eyes and immediately ignited the Mana Stone Light.

Then the dim room shone brightly and its shape was revealed.

Seven to eight people are definitely in the middle of a bed that looks like they can lie down and sleep, and someone is wriggling!

Sometimes, it wasn't without anyone coming into my room like this.

What I meant was that there was no guarantee that bribes would be money.

so-called sexual recompense

About two more months have passed since returning from Dwarf village.

Organizations that confirmed that the full leaves of the moon were growing continuously, not once, seemed to have judged me as a more than necessary business partner.

One of them was this.

In a world where this royal regime is deeply embedded, it was not a big deal because it was not a rare thing, but it was different to me.

I don't have a hobby of hugging a woman who doesn't really feel sympathy.

Am I a dead man?

It would be a side effect of cramming education from the corridor.

[David! Tease him with a stick, or he'll tear you apart if he gets out of this corridor] Do you understand? She's a saint who does what she wants.]

The warning of a devout saint is heavier than I thought.

It's not until the first saint can't filter the language that well.

It started with famous prostitutes from other lands.

The land of Hines rarely had this kind of business.

The criminal, who pushes young and pretty girls into the bedroom, had no reason to dig up who did it, frankly.

I just sent it back silently.

Later, however, there was a situation where the children of the aristocrats or the disciples of wizards and scholars visited at night.

Of course, I kicked them all out.

I want to take a break every time, not a day or two, but I ended up making a decision because it was difficult.

If you send me one more time, I'm going to ruin everything.

The response was quite intense, but it worked quite well.

After that, no one came to see me, so it was like a honeyed break.

"Do you think I'm pedophile and I'm not bringing in women?"

Whoo hoo hoo hoo hoo hoo.

Her meaningful smile stopped me from thinking and immediately flicked the blanket away.

Then something in the blanket finally revealed itself.

"Whoa..."

It hit the mark as expected.

The girl with shiny red hair was a very cute and cute girl from her appearance.

The girl was wearing a white dress that gave her a clean, pure impression.

Was he only 5 or 6 years old?

Even the small hands that are chubby and wriggling as if they haven't lost their baby fat yet.

She was a little girl who had such dizzying cuteness and cuteness that most people would look back on, saying she was cute when walking on the street.

I expected it to be a child because it was too small to be an adult, but these guys seemed to have mistaken me for a toddler or a toddler because I didn't hug a woman.

"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

The girl, who was mumbling about whether she was sleeping, slowly opens her eyes.

Then I could see the clear, sparkling red eyes as if I were looking at something deep.

"Little boy, who are you?"

What does the child know, not even an adult? I asked carefully, thinking that the bloody aristocrats who mistook me for paedophiles would find me later and surely find me.

"Wow... ..."

The girl standing up rubbing her eyes with a tiny hand looked up at me for a long time with a blank face.

The girl, who looked up at me silently and with a face she didn't know what she was thinking, soon opened her eyes slightly wide as if she recognized me correctly.

Then he smiled brightly.

"Hahaha!"

"Gasp!"

It's not good for your heart...

At the same time I stumbled and Persec sat on my shoulder, sobbing in the air.

"These bastards are pushing a pure, innocent child who doesn't know anything yet into the gutter?! Amy!"

Angry, I ended up shouting.

I'm sure no one told you to let me in, but you let this go?

At my cry, the door burst open as if it had been waiting, and Amy rushed in.

However, since I came back, his dark circles around my eyes have disappeared quite a bit, as his work has decreased and it is worth living.

"Well...degradation! What's the matter?"

Amy rushed in and saw me standing with a grim look and a little child on the bed, and opened her eyes.

"You know, degradation, no way!"

"Don't talk nonsense, and I'm sure I told you not to let people in."

Amy opened her eyes wide as she looked at me with suspicious eyes at my words.

"D... I didn't let you in! He didn't bring you... was that you?"

It was true to say that I really didn't know English.

Everything that happened would be reported to her, but all she didn't know was that someone in the user took a bribe and took the girl to the room without Amy knowing.

Otherwise, the child sneaked in here alone, or whatever it was, it was not a good situation.

"Did I look so funny?"

Looking at the girl smiling in a low mood, Amy ran quickly with a contemplated face, hugged the girl, and backed away from me.

"I'm sorry, sir... I should have kept my word for it... ..but there was no one until the decline came in..."

He attacked to a very short interval.

The girl, smiling and fumbling at me, soon reached out her hands to me.

Then he clapped his hands and smiled.

"Abuah!"

"Huh?"

"Huh?"

Amy, me, and Persek's body stiffened at the girl's cry.

It's a dreary accent, but it wasn't stupid enough to not know what he called me.

Clattering...

It was not long before this red-haired girl and a little girl with blue eyes, slowly opening the closet on the wall beyond my gaze as if time had stopped.

"......."

My silence lasted longer than I thought.

* * *

The sun rose again after the night when the two moons twinkled.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

"Hahahahaha!"

I heard someone's laughter and woke myself up.

As I lay on the bed and looked at the ceiling with a blank face, I soon sighed, covering my eyelids with one hand.

"Wow, I really didn't expect this."

I could only think of myself as stupid.

You could've just used the ability to check information on a girl from the beginning.

Then at least things wouldn't have been this hectic.

Well, she wants you to feel guilty more than that.

Ferserk, who flew to my side, lying idly on his back, shook his head and said,

"How can I change my name once?"

As soon as I grumbled, the quiet bedroom door burst open and a little dainty girl with long red hair jumped in.

The girl, still wearing the same color but a white dress with a more luxurious design, glanced around and soon found me.

Then he rushed at me with a bright smile that was not good for my heart.