76 # 76

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 25 of the Three Books

Chew!

Tsu-fang!!

With a huge spark, a cluster of lights formed over the quiet square of the land, and then the surroundings began to be visible.

an Ordem estate

It is a considerable distance from the Hines estate and is an area where a tribe of firemen who roam the grasslands and forests without their countries has begun to work.

It was also a place where the family of a historic count was located in its own way, where there were iron mines and granaries.

Recently, the finances of the land have been faltering as the fire brigade has begun to rise, but the fact that it is a fairly large and developed land has not changed.

Of course, the atmosphere was much more depressed than I thought.

"Haha... you look terrible, brother?"

"Was there another attack?"

As you amplify your senses, you can smell the nasty burning smell in an instant.

The distinctive smell of burning protein was very similar to the smell of burning people.

It's just a quiet land on the surface, but the atmosphere is subtly subdued.

I was so proud that he grew so bright in this atmosphere.

A subtle expression on my words made a slight frown on my eyes.

"No way... the firemen won't be attacked for a while..."

Winnie murmured confusedly what had happened and whether she had decided to make up a large number of people.

"There is only one case where we burn so many people unless we die in a conflict."

I pointed to one side with my sunken eyes.

There, figures covered in red cloth wrapped in red armor were seen carrying the dead people in a cart.

"I... what the hell is this?"

Was it clearly different from what she knew?

Unable to control her trembling pupils, she murmured.

"Oh, this isn't Queen Winley, you're back."

It was then.

Among the knights, a man wearing a pair of glasses slowly walked out and looked down.

"We're from the Central Disease Control Unit. Count Lington."

The smile seemed endless, but somehow it felt a subtle discrepancy.

"You're much more beautiful than I've ever heard. Rumors also tend to be underestimated."

"I'm sorry, but I have an urgent matter. I think we should talk later."

"Ha-ha, I'd love to, but sadly, the situation is in the right place."

He smiled awkwardly and gave a good-looking smile.

His outward image felt like an antique scholar.

"First of all, I apologize for coming to the land without saying anything and making the knights walk around."

"......."

He squinted at Winnie, who was silent with a complicated gaze.

"First of all, eat. Wangseong, where you will live, is the magic artifact of the Holy Kingdom, and the quarantine treatment has been completed."

His words distorted Winley's expression.

* * *

Varys was not in the territory.

It meant that he was out of the office for some reason.

After all, they are entering and occupying the ownerless permanent residence.

What do you mean?

It meant that it was a very dog-like situation.

Nevertheless, there was a separate reason why Winley could no longer formally protest.

"Whew, please understand if it's inconvenient. It's a tea with healthy medicinal ingredients."

"......I don't think I've ever handed over the lord's authority to Earl Linton."

"Haha..."

"The lord of the territory of Ordem is Varys. But if Varys is absent, I have the authority."

WINRI's face, which clearly expresses her intention, was full of displeasure.

"I know. It's impudent of us to come here and ask for it."

What's the difference between a burglar pretending to be a homeowner when the landlord came in?

"But as I said before, we're from the Central Disease Control Unit."

"......."

the Central Disease Control Group

I've heard of his name.

It is a special multinational group with special powers under the auspices of the Three Emperors, who dominate the continent.

"To be sure, the main focus of the Central Disease Control Group was to spread across the continent for free medical care. It was founded by the wise King III for good purposes."

"I've heard that, but what are the disease control workers doing on land?"

It was a question from Winnie.

She had been unable to shake off the subtle uneasiness for some time.

How do you know without using the authority to check information?

"Winley has a habit of clenching her skirt with her right hand whenever she's nervous.'

That's enough to make your sister's love sick.

"My brother says he's cute and he's going to cherish me. What does it matter?'

Winnie is definitely one of the most handsome aristocrats in the world.

The round, large eyes and dense features had been well-matched by the other aristocrats of the Loun Kingdom.

Rumor had it that a prince from another country who had visited for an international event had fallen in love with her and was rejected.

I have no way of knowing the reason.

Let's go.

Persec looked pitifully at my explanation, but lightly ignored it.

"As you may know, there is currently a vicious disease in the territory. Now our disease control team calls it the Devil's Blood."

"Devil's..."

"Yes, it's a vicious disease in which the inventor starts to have dark blue spots all over his body and often throws up blood and dies. In addition, it is a very vicious disease that is known to be highly contagious."

His explanation turned Winley's face pale. That's because the symptoms of Portna, the Hogwarts, who she asked me to save, were like a disease called the blood of the devil.

"This... this is not the time! Brother! Hurry up and Fortnah!

In a hurry, Winnie cried and asked me for help.

"Oh, I'm late to say hello to Prince Davy. I wanted to see you at least once with the rumor. You've succeeded in developing the full leaves of the moon on the land."

"Somehow, it's just the conditions."

He grinned excessively at my calm answer.

"There are no unprovoked consequences in the world. I guess it's because the prince is so good. It looks like all the great supernovas from the continent are here now."

"I'm sorry, Earl Linton, but I think I'll have to get up first because I have something urgent to do. Lindy!

It was not long before she shouted, but a woman named Lindy, who is believed to be her maid of honor, did not appear.

"I'm sorry, sir. Not only the permanent residents but also the drivers are currently in special isolation."

"What?"

Lington wiped the sweat with his handkerchief at her angry words with a double wick.

"It was inevitable. Devil's blood is a contagious disease. You can avoid it if you take good care of it, but if you get a small infection, you're out of control. Please understand."

Wynry hesitated with a pale face at his bowed behavior.

"Ha...... but this is strictly over-the-top......"

"I know. Shameless is also true. But my queen. Please understand that this is an issue that has been acted upon by the treaty of the United Nations. It's a precedent in the past to be entrusted with territorial authority in case of an emergency."

"And, sadly, this disease is beyond the confession of divine power. It doesn't work at all."

"That's... that's... that's how..."

"That's why we came forward. So please leave it to me. I'll make sure you get the good news by performing the better medicine."

His speech was like a false devotion to good faith.

* * *

I've talked to him in conversation, but nothing can be confirmed.

I have to check it myself.

As I entered the clinic with a proper excuse, a stale smell pierced my nose.

"Uh......."

"Oh... it hurts..."

The hospital looked miserable.

a terrible moan, the sobbing coming from all over.

Even the people who have already died because they couldn't stand the disease.

At first, it was only one of Winri's "Fortna," but in just a few days, many people in Yeongji began to suffer from the same disease.

The soldiers, who covered the red title to the top of their heads, carried the dead young people out on stretchers, all gathered together and were constantly cremating.

The smell of burning a corpse is so disgusting. My head is pounding.

'Me, too.'

Speaking calmly, I moved inside.

Originally, it was impossible for me to enter, but I knew how to use the Holy Magic and was allowed in Winley's earnest request.

The treatment center was an enclosed space made by adding numerous fabric, and each symptom was being isolated and treated separately.

No, this isn't about healing.

It's more like quarantine to prevent the worst.'

In a sense, it is a realistic alternative, though disastrous.

.......

At my muttering, Persec looks around with a bored look, with his mouth closed.

She didn't have this horrible disease in her life.

"It's not supposed to be here."

What does that mean? Besides, I've been smelling strange things for a while.

At her murmur I entered a special quarantine where Fortna lay.

The strange aroma that had been horrible becomes thicker.

Ugh...

Walking calmly, or with a firm expression, unlike her, who frowned on a temple, I soon found a woman confined to bed and lying like a corpse-like.

Fortna.

It was the whistleblower that Winley begged for help.

"The smell of the lush, non-leaved flowers."

It was not long before I mumbled quietly.

Malpu... what?

"Malpurum non-leaved flower, in this world, is probably called the Tortat flower."

I've never heard of that flower.

"It's a rare flower that only grows in the polar regions. It's usually hard to see."

It was subtly unpleasant and subtly addictive.

"Tortat flowers are polar flowers."

A single drop of liquid from a flower can kill hundreds of people.

Although it is a flower that the teachers will like, they cannot use it no matter how effective it is if it is a poison that is difficult to grow and difficult to obtain.

I approached her without a word and slowly put my hand on her wrist and felt the pulse.

Doong...doong...doong...doong...doong...doong...doong...doong...

The very feeble pulse of running freely spread quickly on the tips of the fingertips.

Then I pulled her up to Manna and spread her whole body.

Since there were no advanced performance equipment such as CT or MRI, it had to be checked using Manna.

It's not a normal thing to do with Manna or Control, but whoever I am.

However, he learned all the knowledge of Odin, who was called the god of wizardry.

He is pale enough to think he is dead, but his pulse showed his presence as if he was alive.

She is known to have been exposed to the disease much faster than Young Ji-min, but she was alive at this moment when others were dying.

"39.7 degrees. Your brain cells will ripen right away."

Her skin was as cold as a corpse.

But her organs were in an unbelief state that was extremely hot.

The situation was so bad that it was amazing that he was alive.

harrowing symptoms, circumstances, and ways of death.

When I first heard the situation from Winri, I had expected it, but I could almost sigh subtly.

If she were a commoner, she would have died by the time I arrived.

"I don't understand, this disease can't be in this world......"

What does that mean? Tell me about your daughter, too.

"It's not a case of cold, cancer or leukemia because it's a virus that's been prevalent in other parts of the world, created under special circumstances."

This disease is a virus that is strictly genetically engineered. Therefore, it is not a natural disease but a biochemical terrorist disease that would not be strange.

All the people who actually created this virus were destroyed by this disease.

Made?

"Melting Acceleration Virus"

M...Melting... What?

"Melting-accelerating virus, death, it's contagious. It's a fungus that developed once and killed millions in a short period of time. And...."

I closed my eyes after a brief dismissal.

"It took 10 years to develop a cure. A total of 280 million people have been killed. 18 million people have been saved since the treatment was developed. I think we need to make antibodies quickly."

Immediately, he took a small blade, a tube, and a glass test tube nearby, and gave the blade a divine power.

Disinfecting is important.

It was then.

"What are you doing?!"

Someone's vigilant voice blocked me.