70 # 70

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the 19th installment of the third volume.

That's the only thing that went wild for a while.

Dozens of houses were burned and dozens of heavy casualties came out. No details of the damage have been heard, but at least it's a miracle that there are no fatalities.

"Oh, sir! You're here!"

It was the older brothers Golda and Golgotha who welcomed me.

The restoration work of the new building is also a headache, but it seems to be quite painful as the game is over.

"Sir, I'm ashamed to show you my ugly face."

"No, I'm not. Are you hurt more than that?"

"Fortunately, his attack is smaller than I thought, and he's fine. However, dozens of houses were burned down and Gyeongsang-do came out."

"Is there usually such an attack of the beast?"

At my question, the elder smiled bitterly and nodded. Then Golgoda opened the closet as if he had been waiting and brought down a large bottle.

"I'm afraid you have something to say, sir. Have a drink.

* * *

"It's a dear and dear drink, but I can't even bring this much!"

I closed my eyes quietly, lightly waving a glass of fragrant wine.

"I'll show you the taste of alcohol from other continents later."

"Another continent? Alcohol from the East or the South continent?"

"Similar."

To be exact, it's the solo of the midfield. You will love it because it doesn't easily fall behind compared to the drug known for its toughness.

"I'm actually here to hand you this."

"What about this?"

"This is a note with the information you need to restore your new property. It'll take some time to completely restore the old stuff. We should get going now."

"Ah..."

Even with a strange expression of regret, they treasured the notes I gave them.

"How can I ever repay you..."

"I didn't want much. Rather, I should repay you."

If you look at the calculations, wouldn't that be right?

Oriharcon and Adamantium had many rare ingredients in ancient dragon bones.

It's true that he contributed so much to making two half-sleep twin swords.

"That's an exception. What we've always wanted to do."

"That's the same for me. I have my own story."

Still, it is a thing left by my teacher, and I feel grateful to those who have held it and kept it until now.

Of course, that's one thing to do.

"By the way, the guards were quite busy."

"You know what?"

"Golda."

"Hmm!"

He coughed in vain on the expression of Golgoda, who restrained him from speaking.

"What's going on?"

"Brother, is your teacher a stranger? What kind of trust do you want to gain by hiding this much?"

"Hmm!"

He, who had a agonizing cough, said carefully.

"It's no big deal, they said one child was missing from the orphanage. We're releasing the guards and we're looking for traces."

The beast of death is ferocious. If the child was caught up as much as he ran wild, there would be traces, but there was no such thing. The problem seemed to be confusing because it was not properly identified.

"I don't think it's safe for him to stay here any longer."

"I had something to tell you."

"What is it?"

"I'm about to go back."

Dudwarf was silent on my words.

"I don't think Masu is in this town, but he's hiding for me. Maybe if I leave here, the problem will disappear."

"Something like...

"I'm sorry I didn't tell you."

"I... don't believe me! How could it be your teacher's fault!"

It's up to you to accept it. If I had someone hostile to me, I would have turned the arrow.

Since then, I have appropriately circulated that Ma-su, who was stimulated by the aftermath of the scar on my body, has attacked this place.

It's true that they were after me for now.

If it takes a while, I thought that the vampires might be taking it out for nothing after I left.

There was not enough hands to manage every such part in detail.

In the end, the two elders did not say anything further, as they thought it was safer for me to go back.

* * *

In addition to the computational aspects, there seems to be something that has touched the hearts of Dwarves in many ways.

There are many reasons for the detailed inside story, but there was no reason to remind it.

"Well... stop! I need your identification!"

As soon as I sold the full leaves of the moon, what I bought through the tops was none other than the vigilante group, or the equipment of those who are now guards.

It was me who thought that the guards who protected the castle of Yeongji could literally be regarded as the face of Yeongji.

worn-out leather armor and worn-out spears and swords

Is it because of the many dwaffes that followed me?

The guards watching the situation on the wall, which is still quite underdeveloped, scared us to death.

"Your lord."

Of course, for a few days was quite tired because a procession to move as much as I abandon to skip all the complicated procedures and neatly over the hood off.

"Seo... Holy Father!"

"I'm not a saint. How have you been?"

"Yes, yes, yes!"

Dwarf's face is less interesting to see them answering loudly, as if they were a soldier who found a division commander.

"The land seems to be quiet today."

It's... it's, once in the morning, the top and the mercenaries came and went!"

"Okay, good luck, let's go in and listen to the full report."

Is it because I came back after a few weeks? As soon as I entered the old and worn-out lords, users, including my immediate superior, Monmeder, and General Bernil, came out in a row to welcome me.

He once said that he should pass on the empty vanity, but only because of the strong admonition of General Vernil that his authority as a lord and a prince of this country does not exist, he is he somehow handing it over.

"The people in the back..."

"Thanks for coming from the Yellow Rock tribe to repair the land's facilities. You must be tired from the plague, so please serve us drinks and meat. And the accommodation?

"I've prepared what you've ordered... ...but we don't have enough time, so it's not very good quality."

"That's all right. We've heard all about the territory on the way here, so that's why we're here."

Golda, the only elder who followed me on behalf of Dwarf, answered confidently.

"Yes, sir. ...Vernil's chief of staff. Please feel free to call me."

"Golda is one. The eighth elder of the Yellow Rock tribe."

Dwarf never leaves the village even if he deals with humans.

Therefore, not many people saw the Dwarf in person, even though they knew there was a Dwarf.

Therefore, from the perspective of users in the castle, the dwaffes were fascinating.

"Sir, please don't worry too much."

"How can I do that? You're all precious guests."

"Huh, it's our Dwarf who's with rocks and fire. And if it's a teacher's job, it's our job."

When Golda said, the eyes of the captain of the guard, who rushed to hear of my return, changed subtly.

What else did you do to make those dwaffes so hard to see?

He doesn't trust people.

"I think the D.O. needs some credibility now."

"I'm... I'm sorry!"

"That's right? I think I'm always on the back of my guard."

"No!"

"But Hines is my mother's land. I mean, I'm also from Youngji."

"Ah..."

Only then did he step down as if he had realized his mistake and looked down.

"Let's go in, I'm tired."

"I'll get you a bath."

"Let's get a simpler report first."

Most of the content was always received through crystal ball and the new month's grass cultivation work is being prepared smoothly, but the conditions were not so good to be reported.

"The total number of tops that have started to raise buildings after purchasing land on land is 17."

"How many people are there in total?"

"To the top of the tower, the pension school and the temple. There are about 3,000 people including a small number of guards."

Whoa.

"There are only about 200 people in the country, and 3,000 people are asking for the relocation.

"More and more Chusage. Those who smelled the money were planning to build a commercial district here. I think I'm thinking of creating a middle point between the Holy Land and the Empire because of the good transportation."

"Who do you expect?"

"After the second quarter, about 4,000 people are expected to ask for a move."

After hearing it, I felt more surprised.

200 to 4,000 people.

It is almost 20 times higher.

"That's good."

Any city needs a population to revive. If it suddenly increases too much, you will face many problems, but if you are afraid of it, you will not be able to roll the territory.

There was no particular concern.

"Sir, it looks like the land is in bad shape."

"I'm ashamed of myself."

"More than that, I would be very surprised at the state of this lordhood where my teacher eats and sleeps."

Speaking firmly, he tapped on the tool tied to his waist.

"It's a golden opportunity to repay your kindness. Although we are shabby compared to the skill of the teacher, we will make a new place for the teacher to live in accordance with the reputation of being the best craftsman on the continent."

Dwarf's palace or castle is also famous on the continent. This is because there is little outside access to the Dwarfs, and their technology cannot be matched by the current technology of the continent.

The same was true of their unique designs and finishing touches.

"I refuse to do so.Don't say such things, for no great leader will follow anyone who does not manage himself."

"No, I'm not stopping you."

"Hmm!"

Was it too breaking?

"However, I was wondering if you could add something I asked for. It's probably something you'll like, too."

At my words, as Monmidor lowered his head quietly, Golda smiled pleasantly.

"Okay, you bastards! It's time to show our skills! Is there a guy who's been sick for only a few days?!"

"What a child! The name of the best craftsman on the continent is going to cry! Great! Let's do it right!

As he stared blankly at them as they were driven with enthusiasm, the chief of staff Bernil carefully asked.

"Excuse me, but I'm... "

"Hmm?"

"Or...... you didn't put any brainwashing on them, did you?"

What do you think of people?

He looked at his face with a cold expression, and the embarrassment was young.