72 # 72

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 21 of the Three Books

"Hahahaha! Abu!"

"Well, yeah..."

I smiled awkwardly and hugged the girl, clenched my teeth and forced a bright smile.

"What makes you feel so good from the morning?"

"Hahaha! Abuah! Oh, my God!

Who knew that the sword would even have the power to materialize itself into a human form.

I know that the sword Caldiras has the power to appear to someone by shaping its own self, but it was not common sense that the sword itself became a huge mass of energy and turned into a human form.

Name: Hongdan

Status: Fabrication complete.

Shape: A double-edged warhead with a wide black blade.

Length: 88 centimeters.

Width: 6 centimeters.

Contractor: Davy Olloun.

Completeness: 100%

Details. :

Self awakening.

The consciousness of the self has become much younger due to the early awakening of the self for some reason.

Although the producer is different, David Olloun is considered the parent of the producer who finished the work with all his might.

As time goes by, the self grows little by little.

Very cute, so be careful with it's very cute.

"......."

Look... it's not her will!

I nodded quietly at Persec's cry with a red-hot face.

To be honest, I was proud to have experienced all sorts of things.

He has survived numerous battles that would not be strange even if his neck was blown away right away.

I used ancient curses to make it beneficial, and I also made the foundation for developing the territory in an instant.

but

I have never expected or experienced the sword I made to become a human form and regard me as a parent.

"Hahahaha."

I looked up and looked at Amy gasping for breath at the sight of this little girl in her arms.

"Sigh... I'm sorry, I'm... I'm... I'm sorry, you're... you're so active..."

I could tell by looking at the fact that the basic physical strength is tremendously good because someone who is not a physical sword.

The exterior is a child, but inside her is a mass of energy, a mass of energy that has been accumulating for thousands of years.

"You've been working hard since morning..."

"Oh... no."

Amy, who came out coldly and looked at Hong Dan, quietly withdrew with a look of incomprehension.

If Amy, who doesn't doubt me with everything, sees me like that, others won't be able to shut up in embarrassment.

Is it because of the behavior of this red-haired girl who is acting cute in front of me?

Suddenly, I turned my head to the small force of pulling my sleeves and saw a little girl with blue hair looking up at me with a subtle expression and reaching out her hand.

"My wife... Cheongdan."

"Ah... Abu."

When did this guy come in again?

It was like Hongdan with a dull accent.

No, like twins, the appearance of the two looked so much like that it was hard to tell apart except for the blue and red eyes and hair.

The only thing I can recognize is my voice and feeling.

Still, it was a delicate situation to distinguish them even if they looked the same, perhaps because of Nine.

I don't know if he's really a parent.

I heard a roar of laughter as I held the herring while pressing down on the sigh that flowed out of the temple.

Hong Dan, who is happy, and Cheng Dan, who is always hugged by me with a shy but red face.

It's still bad for the heart.

"Lady, my hair is not done yet."

"Come on!"

She gave a look of asking for help to the children who were poking their tongue at Amy and penetrating me.

"Hongdan, you should listen to me."

For now, I'm a good listener, so let's give her the right amount of advice. She pouted out of me and grabbed Amy's hand.

"Sigh..."

She was breathing hard just a moment ago, but her face turned red and looked like she was at a loss.

"Well... you girls are so cute! Where the hell did you get him?"

It's a relief that I didn't judge that I gave birth.

They're exactly the ones who were born on my hands.

"Who knows about these guys?"

She quietly flicked her finger at my words and opened her mouth with difficulty.

"For now, only a few people inside the castle know. Hongdan lady was so active that..."

In other words, he was quiet all night and ran around as soon as the morning came.

"You don't know if it's related to me yet, do you?"

"Yes? Ah... yes."

"That's enough. Just keep it to yourself until I get my head straight. I'll make you join me well."

She nodded quietly, expressing her incomprehension at what I said.

If they were really ordinary children, they wouldn't have been this worried.

I said quietly with a forced smile on my stomach already feeling sore.

"Let me do everything I want to do. Except for going outside."

At the words, Amy kept her head in a state of excitement as if she was asking for it.

* * *

"Well, let's check it out first."

Two little girls, who slumped on the bed at my solemn words, twinkled their eyes and glowed.

"Would you like to try this first? It's called cookies."

"Cookie?"

"Yes, Cookie. It's delicious. Do you want to try it?"

"Hahaha!"

"Awwow!

When I handed over the small cookies I had in my hand one by one, Hongdan and Chungdan smelled them without anyone saying who would come first, and they twinkled their eyes and put them in their mouths.

There is no way to know how the sword even eats food, but it seemed certain that it was possible to eat it.

Persec's ability to verify information provides fragmentary information, but there is an inconvenience in having to check the inside details directly.

The sword can be eaten.

"I know you're emotional because you're asleep and you'really.

The children, who were constantly munching their small mouths, held out their hands to me, hesitating to see if they had already eaten all the cookies.

"Hmm?"

"Abua..."

"Cookie."

Do you mean more?

It feels very strange to be teaching small children who really don't know anything.

"No, if you eat too much, your teeth will rot."

"Wow... ..."

It was Hong Dan, who was disappointed at what I said, and Cheongdan, who seemed to be upset even if he couldn't speak.

"Huhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh."

At last, he began to look up at me with tears, the best weapon of his children.

"No."

"Uh......."

"Oh... no."

"Laughing..."

"No... no... no... no... no... no... no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no! Let's eat one more!"

Oh, education is not easy already.

"Ouch!"

As if excited by the words, the two boys immediately hugged me and smiled.

"Oh, my God.

Naturally, a bitter expression was inevitably made so that children could not see it.

You'll get into a bad habit if you come too much.

'It's a sword, and you don't think so.'

As it turns out now, these children are literally like children, and their personalities may change depending on how you educate them.

"Hmm..."

Poo-hoo, isn't that funny? Depending on how you educated, you can become a sword or a sword.

Well, in the first place, the standard point of distinguishing between the sex sword and the sword is not the sword, but the person who uses it.

Persec's words certainly made sense.

"Well, let's check the most important thing."

As a result, I can't find anything strange. If he was left like a child, he seemed to have no problem even if he thought he was a pure child.

Then, Hongdan and Chengdan. Can you go back to your original form?"

First of all, I understand what you say.

Strangely, my pronunciation was dull, but I thought it was because it hadn't been long since it became real.

The two little boys, who were tilting their heads at my words, soon hugged me as if they had understood what I meant.

For a moment, a warm, soft smile will come out.

Soon, the shape of the light emitting all over the body slowly began to blur, and soon it completely disappeared and turned into two swords.

The cute red-haired Hong Dan-ee turned into a red sword, and the shy-faced Cheung Dan-ee soon turned into a blue sword.

Still, the main body is a sword, so it doesn't seem to feel much resistance to turning into a sword.

"Hmm..."

I swung the sword lightly after confirming that it had changed completely.

Fortunately, as the self awakened, the performance of the sword did not seem to decrease.

Rather, it was safe to say that the density of the power trapped inside became thicker.

It's natural to change its shape.

It's as if the kid is doing a belly and a flip himself.

They did it quite well, as if instinctively they felt it was changing their appearance.

"Okay, you can come back now."

When I took out the cookies and said, the boys, who returned to the shape of a small girl as if they were swords, reached for me with excited faces.

"Abuah!"

"Ku...... Cookie State......please!"

I'm desperate to forget that my pronunciation is very poor and speak.

Unable to hide the laughter flowing out of the temple, when they held the cookies, they began to break the cookies little by little with a serious look.

I'm trying to be frugal.

"I can't just let it go, so I'll have to declare that I'm protecting it."

I'm sure it's your daughter, your adopted daughter.

"Who can stop you from getting married?"

Didn't you plan to do that in the first place?

I looked at them with a short tongue at Persek's question.

If it was just another relationship, I could pass it on to the children I protect, but even if it were a sword, it would be my first self-made work.

It doesn't seem bad to live up to the expectations of those who consider me their father.

First of all, they were born by my own hands, so it's right to take responsibility.

The royal family should be careful about adoption, too.

"I suppose so."

If a man who is not even married yet adopts two children with unknown ancestry, it will be a big fuss.

From the fall of the image to the little rumor.

You don't really care about yourself, and people around you will go crazy. A good example is the country's aristocrats, who are very frivolous.

"Okay, if you want to chew in the back, chew. I have a lot of things to do, so should I pay attention to that?"

Create a territory, restore strength.

In fact, it was hard to find a clear purpose for me, who had spent nearly a thousand years in the corridor and returned out of nowhere.

The only thing that comes to mind is the keyword "living."

I haven't lived for a long time in all my past and present life.