74 # 74

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 23 of the Three Books

"Abuah!"

"Laugh!"

It was late in the evening that Winnie woke up.

"Are you all right?"

"Of course, brother, your brother's body is strong enough."

"That's nonsense."

"Hong-dani, too! Hong-dani, you slept too!"

"Cherry. Blue Dandi!"

The fact that the sword sleeps again makes me feel like a ghost.

They were children who were running around the room laughing about what was so fun.

"That's amazing. Maybe it's because they're here...... I feel better than usual."

Did he just get better? In the meantime, the amount of manna staying in the body would have increased.

For now, it would have absorbed a small amount of the power emitted by two children, a huge chunk of energy, as it was the wizard, Win Lee.

"That's a relief. Guys, can you go out and play for a while?"

"Yes!"

I answered loudly in chorus, and I slowly turned my head when I saw the guys running away.

"Are you all right now?"

"Yes, thanks to your concern."

"How long have you been running? I would've gone if I called."

"Uh... How can you do that? I'm sure he's busy, too."

She bowed her head in tears.

"Okay, first explain it step by step."

She nodded quietly at my words with a tearful face.

The story that came out of her mouth was not light.

"At first, I called in the congregation. By the way, it's a disease that can't be cured by divine power... ...so I called in a congressman and he said he couldn't fix it."

"You couldn't fix it?"

Was it reassuring to what I said? Only then did Winnie begin to tell her worries before me.

Portna was told that her escort and close friend had been hit by poison arrows fired by the opposition.

At that time, Win-ri, who had been chasing too hard, fell into a trap as a role, so if she hadn't done so, she might have been seriously injured or not here.

"What about the poison?"

"The priest took out the poison with an antidote order... since then. I've got black spots all over my body... and I've been throwing up blood... ..and I've been... I'vehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh."

However, the big problem began to arise when he returned to the barracks after detoxification.

Portna suffered from a high fever all night and started to develop dark blue spots all over her body, and since then, she has been vomiting blood and becoming emaciated day by day.

While he was at his wit's end because of this mysterious disease, which neither the strength of the fuse nor the medicine of the congressman worked at all, he seemed to have spoken as if he were talking while treating Fortuna.

If it's a super-high-level fuse with a scar, maybe it can be fixed.

그리고, 그것이 그녀가 이토록 급히 하인스 영지까지 오게 한 발단이나 다름없었다.

"......."

데이비?

그녀의 말을 가만히 듣고 있는 나를 페르세르크가 의아한 표정으로 불러왔다.

표정이 왜 그런 게야.

'아니. 증상이 익숙해서.'

마음고생이 심했는지 다시금 울음을 터뜨리기 시작하는 윈리를 진정시킬 단어가 떠오르지 않자 나는 묵묵히 그저 윈리의 싱그러운 녹발을 쓰다듬어 줄 수밖에 없었다.

"고생 많았다. No one is perfect from the beginning. We just have to remember this mistake and not make it again."

"Huh...Huh, brother. What do I do now? What do I do? Because of me, Fortnaga... ..hahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

Eventually, I opened my eyes as I patted WINRI's back in my arms again.

The symptoms were revealed about two weeks ago.

Initially, the unidentified poison, which began to be sluggish, turned into a disease and began to constantly harass people, even though it had completely escaped through detoxification.

The dark blue spots started to appear all over the body, and I often feel tired and vomit blood.

When I showed her to the priest, she seemed to be told that divine power was not healing.

In the end, she tried to leave it to medical treatment, not the new building, but even lawmakers seemed to have found nothing about her illness.

If one of the new coffins that I felt sorry for Winnie during such frustration was the power of a person with sexual scars, I might be able to fix it. That's what he said.

Of course, there is only one person in the continent who can ask for treatment.

Winley, who felt like catching straws, ran straight to the Hines estate where I was.

I'm the only one who now has a scar that she can somehow ask for.

"Don't worry. I'll take care of you."

"I... really?!"

You must have wanted to hear a word of healing.

It must have been painful to know that one's beloved is dying because of one's mistake.

In the end, I had no choice but to encourage Winnie until she calmed down to some degree.

"Vernil, the chief of staff."

"Did you find it?"

a quiet office

I quietly opened my mouth as I was organizing the detailed documents of the big and small problems of the territory.

"There must be an information guild in the territory, and I want the most intelligent and reliable place to call the branch manager."

"I'll take it."

Although I may look puzzled by what I said, General Bernil looked down to carry out my orders silently.

* * *

There is a thing called intuition.

In life, there are times when people feel that something like this is likely to happen or that something is likely to happen without any grounds or signs.

Why are you bringing this up all of a sudden?

That's exactly how I feel about the cold feeling I've been feeling since the beginning after listening to WINRI.

"Oh... I keep feeling like something big is going to happen."

"If something happens, didn't you make it a big profit?"

"That's true."

I breathed a sigh, responding bitterly.

"It's not welcome to have more patients."

Mumbling calmly, I got up.

"There's only one really familiar disease, given the symptoms."

Is that a disease... is it true?

"The problem is that it can't be on this continent."

The most confusing thing was that.

Hmm? What does that have to do with calling the Information Guild?

She tilted her head curiously because she didn't understand what I meant.

"The causality, there's no cause-and-effect. You got poisoned, you got detoxified, and the next day, you suddenly feel like you're suffering from an unidentified disease? Besides, neither the new nor the congressman knows who it is... it's not funny."

In the first place, they didn't have their own home, so where do the barbarians who live by storming and looting kingdoms get that poison?

If the poison is enough to be given up by both the new and the lawmakers, it is not normal.

In this case...

"Someone has handed over poison containing special germs to the barbarians."

I sighed briefly after I blurted the end of my words and continued again.

"There was a possible cause of the disease in a path he didn't say,

I feel like I'm talking about the former.

Whatever the disease, the solution to it is the cause. One of the first things I learned when I learned medicine was none other than this.

an understanding of the postwar situation

"Come in if you're here."

I was standing silently reading the documents, but I threw a pile of papers and said quietly.

"Don't try to figure it out."

When I murmured to the air where there was nothing to say to anyone else, soon a man with a black mask, who had not been there before, appeared in front of me with a very feeble presence.

You look like you're good at law.'

"......."

He was a man wearing a black uniform and a mask as a whole, showing his head silently to me. As assimilated at night, the only body part he could see in his only costume was his hard, large hands and sharp eyes.

It wouldn't be strange for ordinary people to be instinctively nervous about their cramped lives.

However, I can't be too nervous because I'm not good at hiding by my standards yet.

"I heard you needed something."

After a short silence, he opened his mouth first.

"Yes, I'm sorry to ask you to come when you're busy."

"......I'm honored to be here."

"Sit down first."

Sitting slowly on the sofa, he suggested a chair opposite him, but he didn't sit down and stood there and faced me.

The feelings in his eyes...

It looked like tension.

I'm sure it's a hiding place, but I found it without any problem, so I'm just nervous.

The sprayers have the habit of being extremely wary of anyone who can find their place.

"I'm going to ask you a question. I'm going to buy some information. How much can we offer?"

He answered my question quietly without a moment's hesitation.

"In everything..."

"It comes at a price."

Yeah, there's no free lunch in the world.

"Then if you pay for it, you can save anything?"

"If you pay enough, I can tell you the color of the underwear that the princesses of a nearby kingdom wore the day before. If you'd like, I could get you your underwear."

"Tut, what's the use of getting such dirty stuff?"

I laughed in vain at the calm but confident voice.

Although my guild's intelligence and behavior were definitely promoted.

He's such an expressionist.

As he looked at him with a puzzled look on his face, Persec was also displeased, and his lips were twisted and his arms crossed.

Such a short silence hung in the office.

Several intelligence guilds operating in the capital of the Loun Kingdom were excellent, but only small ones.

However, I strongly thought that the information guild that this man I'm facing right now belongs to is a continental information guild that goes beyond that level.

It wasn't unexpected because it was such a size. There are currently numerous tops, towers, and pensioners gathered here to blend in, and the light is growing as it becomes a place of exchange.

Of course, the shadow has to be as thick as that.

It is because such information guilds are famous for being faster than merchants that smell money well.

It is safe to say that this is a place of confusion where new information is constantly created. Therefore, it would not be strange to have an eye on a continental-scale information guild.

Then it was safe to say that I could afford to get what I wanted quickly and quickly.

As I was looking at him, I quietly coughed my mouth, and the tension was at first glance in his eyes over the mask.

Unless he's a fool, he'll know everything about me.

That's why he thinks it's never light for me to say something, and he's an unclear figure who knows where he's hiding from.

I feel sorry that I am so nervous that I can see it, but I felt like I would be relieved once I asked what I wanted to ask.