79 # 79

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the third installment in the fourth volume.

"What about the territory under the Western Contas Empire? In the end, all of Young Jimin died. In addition, dozens of knights died in the hospital where the disease had spread."

"It's..."

"You were there at that time. Baron Gorneo. What do you think, taking pride in this situation? If there's a speck of possibility... ...you might be right to catch it."

"Pride like that! ...Whoa... ...that's fine."

He sighed briefly as if he was holding back something he wanted to say.

Then he looked at me and then he looked down quietly.

"You're quite confident. Can you really show me something?"

"I won't deny it."

"......I see. I'm in favor of the prince being the first prince of this country, and also the holder of a special authority. If you think about human life a little bit in vain! I will hold the royal family accountable!"

Even though my country's people are not the British people I should take care of, he focused all his attention on patients.

Surely I would not hand over some of my powers to someone I wouldn't believe.

"At least I won't let you regret..."

When he smiled and said, he stepped outside as if he had nothing more to say.

On the contrary, Count Linton asked me with a relaxed look.

"I'll trust you, Haha, this is ridiculous, actually."

"Thank you for your consideration."

"No, I was surprised that the prince had more medical knowledge than I thought. In fact, such cases have been very rare, but if you don't mind me asking whom I learned that knowledge."

I didn't say anything to his question.

I should not say that I learned it from Hippocria, the God of the Other World in the Corridor.

There was no way to believe it and there was no reason to tell it.

* * *

Upon hearing that I was officially involved in medical activities, Winley was nervous but could not hide her joy.

It seemed to her that it was me, not the disease control team.

Of course, they seemed surprised that I had unexpected medical knowledge, but soon they even expressed their intention to tell me if they had anything else to do.

"We'll apply from the Red Tower. There's a lot of money that I can use for my personal rights. If there are other items that require magical processing...."

I appreciate your kindness, but I didn't really need it.

After entering the private treatment tent, I bought a few more test tubes containing dark blue liquid that I had prepared in advance and divided them into the test tubes I had prepared in advance.

an art mite ore

It becomes sticky and tough when melted for a long time at a solid ore or constant temperature.

It was a glass tube that was made by processing it.

This may be why glass technology is not needed much in the Tionis continent.

Count Lington handed me various information in the name of his decision to participate in the war.

And the little information has made it possible to put forward quite a number of assumptions.

"But it's still like the best group of lawmakers on the continent."

He murmured through the progress reports and materials contained in the pile of documents.

If it's already started, shouldn't it be completely over?

Although Baron Goneo, one of the members of Congress, disapproved of my actions, there was no reason to look at the situation.

"Prince Davy, the classification of the patients you mentioned is over."

While watching the changes in the examiners, a couple of members of the management team came up to report on the progress of the request I had made.

"Well, then let's buy some time."

The estimated time until the antibody is complete is about four days.

I will not let any of the British people die until then.

* * *

"Are you all right?"

The old man opened his mouth. Although he looks sick of his age, his enormous appearance and sharpness in his eyes clearly showed that he was never the criminal.

"What? Count Colio"

Count Colio.

A man who is the former head of the Knights of Lindis's Imperial Household and is now one of the heads of the Knights of Extinction, an affiliate of the Central Disease Control Group.

In the past, he was the sodmaster, who was majestic in the Lindis Empire.

"The work of Prince Roun Kingdom 1. If he really does something..."

"That's right. The C.I.D.'s face is going to be ridiculous."

A blue boy, who is not even 20 years old, is trying to solve the fear that the workers, who are proud of being the best medical group on the continent, have been unable to find a solution for years.

Of course, there won't be any problems up to here.

However, there seemed to be something about the boy named Davy even to Linton.

The scar is a sacred force, not a sign of knowledge. That means he personally noticed this, or learned medicine from someone else.

"There may be words that question the qualities of a ruler. I'd rather refuse like Baron Gorneo. They wouldn't have been able to defend themselves."

Linton simply nodded leisurely at the words of Count Colio.

"That's also true."

"What if..."

"However, Count Colio."

"Yes."

"Isn't it all good if you can cure a disease?"

His smile subtly hardened Count Colio's countenance.

"I see."

"What if Prince Davy succeeds in curing the disease?"

Then Linton smiled broadly.

"We win each other. Not to him, not us. Those who develop stagnant medicine and gain fame will be honored and win each other's favor."

Whose honor will that honor be?

Count Colio did not speak the word separately.

32. Antibodies, and Motion.

"As Earl Linton said, the Central Disease Control and Prevention has agreed to accommodate the prince's current treatment."

"Thank you for your big decision."

"But you have to keep that in mind. I'll have to watch from the side. It has to be the minimum Maginot Line."

I'm taking out a rock with a rolling stone.

In addition, if a rolling stone is a pile of dirt that mimics a stone, the reaction of the embedded stone is not normal.

"There are opinions that we should not actually accept the prince's opinion."

"The Baron Gorneo."

"Don't forget, medicine is not a stepping stone for honor."

It was also natural.

"Trust me even if it's hard to believe. I'm not going to kill the people of Winnie and Barris."

"......."

"This is a high fever, a fever that causes body temperature to change and melts all over the body, or a mutant virus."

"What's that......"

There is no big difference when the fusion acceleration virus first developed.

"Once a virus enters the human body, it goes through a period of incubation. And when the incubation period is over, we start the activity."

The patient's face, lying on the bed, began to be stained with pain as he grabbed the arm of the groaning patient and began to compress the entire body.

"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

"Hold on a little. The pain will soon subside."

Then I explained the symptoms again.

"At first, the muscles start to melt. Then, starting with the joints and cartilage, the whole body's bones melt down."

"......."

"Good thing it's over there, once all the bones are melted, then the organs. Starting with the rectum and testicles, the kidneys, the colon, the small intestine, the stomach, the pancreas, the liver, and the stomach."

As my explanation continued, the astonishment on Baron Goneo's face began to grow younger than surprise.

It was because I was stretching out the symptoms from the beginning to the end of the outbreak.

In fact, this disease is almost unknown to the world.

"By then, the whole body's hole is filled with liquid that melts down the body, and it's a black-blue color like a speck, so it's a name that's given because someone says it's going to look at it."

Do you know why I'm explaining this?

"Prince Davy, you don't think you're gonna... ..."

"Well, the official name here is [Devil's Blood], but other places call it this."

Melting Acceleration Virus.

"Other places... ...fusion acceleration virus."

"The important thing is now. Usually, doctors who see this disease all use different methods to come to a conclusion. Drugs alone can't cure it, so we need to find the source and cut it."

"Well... yes, but..."

"So what happened?"

"......."

"As I thought, nine out of ten would have died during the procedure, and the other would have been completely dumbfounded by the virus that multiplied again."

Am I wrong?

Baron Gorneo's expression is shaking very visibly.

"Uh... sir... a little bit more comfortable..."

"Yeah, hang in there even if it's painful. If you want to live, I'll surely save you."

"Go, thank you..."

The patient is only a commoner. In this country of kingship, the socially disadvantaged are buried even if one dies unjustly.

However, as long as I'm a patient, I'm just the same human being after all.

I never intended to negotiate with him, even because of his promise to teach me medicine.

"What about the things I told you about?""

"I've prepared it for you."

"Huh!"

When I heard the sudden answer from the man, Baron Gorneo's eyes opened wide.

There was no sign a moment ago, but it was surprising that someone suddenly appeared.

"Okay, let's pay the bills and see how it ends in three days."

Baron Gorneo, who stared blankly at him, who disappeared as if he were again scattered by my words, followed without words with a complex expression.

* * *

Three days have passed since then.

Baron Gorneo could not hide his frankly embarrassing feelings.

"Oh, my God, the color is changing."

"How does dark blue turn red again?"

The words of a curious little girl and a man wearing horn-rimmed glasses could not even be heard.

"How can this be..."

That was all he ever said.

The situation that is hard to believe even with the eyes of the beholder is to talk about this.

"I told you, didn't I? I'll be done in three days."

"Oh, my God!"

"Now you just have to take a proper look at the situation and administer it."

"Oh, thank you so much, brother..."

Eventually, the little girl who burst into tears and hugged Prince Davy, the baroness of Prince Gorneo, collapsed into a chair in despair.