82 # 82

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the sixth installment in the fourth volume.

* * *

Argh!!

The driver, who was trying to pull out the sword with all his strength, lost his posture and bounced in.

Without hesitation, he laid the sword and put his palm on his abdomen.

[5 Circle]

[Zero Charge Thunder]

Quasitic!

"Gasp!"

With a very short sound, the spectacular thunderstorm that blinded us instantly swallowed up the surroundings and disappeared.

Gosh. Gosh.

Is this how the meat looks burnt?

My expression of throwing away the hardened article without interest hardened my face.

"Yes, I told you to kill him."

Realizing that something was going wrong, the knights tried to move quickly.

"Don't make a fuss in the hospital room, you bastards."

"Kook!!!"

Even before they finished speaking, confusion was seen on their faces, which were stuck on the floor.

You can't believe it.

Suddenly, I was pressed on the floor as if my whole body was being weighed down.

A mission that can never fail, an assassination that doesn't have to worry about.

But it's embarrassing because the situation is going weird.

"Yeah, if you're going to kill someone, you should know you could die."

Speaking calmly, I felt my body flinch as I trampled on one of the knights.

Davy, if you spray blood here...

That's why you don't use a knife.'

I don't intend to spray blood.

[5 Circle]

[Zero Charge Thunder]

High voltage impact magic on the 5 circle proximity system.

Trolls that have a lot of regenerative power in terms of power level can be fired in just a couple of shots.

And it's the highest level of magic available to me up to 5 circles now.

There will be nothing like this in order to control the situation as neatly as much fuss.

"Cuck... what... what..."

Then, the faces of the knights begin to turn blue, as if they realized what their colleagues were subjected to.

At the same time, those who were out of my control dug in to subdue me.

Tung... Tung...

Of course, magic is magic, but they don't know that one of my main combat abilities is a sword.

"Cuck!"

Whispering!!!

Starting with another person falling down neatly, he takes another step.

"Come on... wait!"

Whispering!!!

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Only then, when they realized that something was wrong and that they had to run away right away, the rest of them hurriedly turned their backs.

but

"I'm going to the tower, let me see your back."

Whispering!!

[Speed Mobile]

[Differential]

Don't show your back.

When I took a step past them, leaving a lingering image in an instant, it was already all cooked up to the last knight.

The smell of burning flesh began to stink.

"Jack."

"Is there anything you need?"

"Get rid of the bodies. And cut down everything that comes in here."

"I'm going to pay for this, too."

"I don't know how big you're asking for, but call."

Jack, or Aina Helicana, who stood there as if she had always been there, quietly nodded and disappeared.

"Lord Gorneo."

Then he left the tent and sang Baron Goneo, and he could see his eyes wide open.

He said he could not trust the situation even if he sees the situation in front of him.

A lot of people are surprised.

"Please stay and treat me."

"Eh... Prince Davy..."

"I'll destroy the non-human ones."

I mean, he stood there and said nothing.

* * *

As I left the clinic, I could see knights in red uniforms everywhere.

"The opponent deals with strange electricity! Take it easy!"

The number is about 20 to 30.

All are not ordinary beings more than Sword Expert.

Furthermore, there was no Hongdan or Qingdan to be a weapon in my hands at present.

If she had the power to fight for her, she could also think of a child or Helicana, but she had ordered her to stop the intruders inside the clinic.

Davey.

"The tracking spell on Winnie has begun to move."

An irritating mutter, I reached out one hand straight into the air.

Whoo!

At the same time, the mana, which was active in the whole body, became a very thin and huge wavelength and spread throughout the land.

If you're short of weapons...

"All hands! Destroy the target!"

Phew!!!

"Oh, my God!"

I just have to bring it.

A knight who was running toward me crashed as his body was cut in half by a red vestige that fell at a high speed from the sky.

Rrrrrrrrrrr...

At the same time, the sound of the gruesome iron ring and the sound of the red ripples scattered over my hands.

Hong Dan was captured with ominous red light.

I'm sorry. . .

Boom!

At the same time, a blue afterimage cut a couple of knights in the air, and they were caught as if they were being sucked into my hands.

[Swordplay]

[Self-detection]

[Sharp dance]

The technique of flying a sword in the air is a simple, egotistical sword using Hongdan and Cheongdan, which have their own self.

It looks like the sword is alive and cutting itself off.

True.

Immediately, I put down the end of Hongdan's sword and held the end of the sword to the sky by holding it in a reciprocal way, so I took my left foot without regret and took the cardinal ceremony.

In fact, it would be a waste of time if they were being held back by those who were blocking me.

In that case, it would be best to treat it so that it doesn'

At the same time, explosive force was applied to the left foot that was taken forward, crushing the ground, and my sword flashed in the air with the rebound.

All of your opponents are Expert?

The assassins I met on my way to the Duchy of Felisty will be stronger than these guys.

* * *

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

The screams of the knight who crawled on the floor flew in the air.

There are more than one number of articles that have been rapidly moved and cut down.

Those who had been so determined and deployed that they could feel malice were firmly strategically in place to catch their ankles.

In fact, if I were just such a master, I would have had a lot of trouble and lost my time.

Why were they after Julis and Winley?

"That's an excuse."

"Heez! Save me!"

Whoooooo!

a quiet forest Since there was nothing to be afraid of anyway, he lifted up Hong Dan and blew his opponent's neck.

"If I had two members of Congress, I'd still have an article about Baron Goneo."

Now that I see it, it's all Count Lington's hand.

An excuse?

"To be honest, it's funny because I just thought of it. You know, it's a position to just cut us off."

The protective magic hung on Winley is too inefficient to keep it going.

The magic I can use now is only 5 circles. So I couldn't keep walking, so I just put a magic spell on it and it turned out like this.

No, if the opponent is a sodmaster, the protective magic doesn't really mean much.

"Julice the Elder of the Red Tower, and Winnie and I are the Royal Family of the Loun Kingdom."

That's right.

As I passed the cold body, I began to see a half-open iron gate under a huge tree.

It means someone arrived before I came.

What you can think of now is.

Ullis, he'll be the only one.

"Then the investigation will come in. Why he died, and the best excuse for that is to attack the wild enemy or monsters. There are two possibilities for Ordem Land. As a result, what if the raiders told us that we were all killed while guarding the territory, what would the enemy tower or the Louns do?"

What does that have to do with the kidnapping of Winnie?

"Well... I don't know the details, but it's an excuse."

He spoke calmly and quickly went into the basement.

The solidity of the underground base is considerable, but the wall that blocked it was drawn with a red dagger to continue the process.

"Winley went missing. So the Knights of Extermination and Count Colio, the Knights Leader, vacated the territory to find Winnie."

And in the meantime, there was an attack.

This is enough to evade responsibility for now.

"Ch... break in... hahaha!"

When I poked my finger into the neck of an extinct knight who found me and shouted, his neck became ragged as if it had been pierced by something sharp.

As he kicked and smashed the blood-shed man once again, he drew a wall and began to see a large space.

It was quite a large space, but the maze didn't mean anything to me who knew Winnie's location roughly.

Traffic jam? It's blocked by a solid wall? Cover it with a scarlet cloth.

There's an intruder?

It's a job to cut it off.

But if that's the case, you don't have to take him... ...just say you're done.

There was an incomprehensible murmur from Persec, but my gaze was fixed under a huge cavity and did not fall.

a devastating misery beyond the expression of misery

Oh, my God.

What was seen was hundreds of humans tied to experimental beds and transplanted bizarre cells.

"Did the knights try to take me alive?"

I nodded as if I had thought of Persec.

"I can only say that in the midst of all this, the only thing I can say is that a high-ranking sorcerer or a holy man who is hard to come by was trying to get it."

You fearless bastards.

* * *

"What the... ..."

Baron Gorneo, who remained at the clinic, could not change his confused eyes because he still could not believe what was happening in front of him.

"What are you doing?"

Then, a voice came to wake him up.

a man's unfeeling voice

When I turned my head around, I saw him wearing a black uniform and a mask covering his face.

"You're..."

"We make sure of the deal. You do what you have to do."

Baron Gorneo trembled at Jack's words.

"Are you okay with this situation?"

"If not, what about it?"

Jack's answer opened his eyes wide.

"Are you going to abandon your immediate patients because they've caused something to happen?"

"That... that's not it!"

"Then why are you stopping? If David trusted you and went, you should do your job."

"Ha...... but if all the Knights of the Extermination are here! And if it's true that Count Colio has agreed to this!"

"What if it's true?"

"Isn't Prince Davy dangerous, too? You don't have to help?!"

Baron Gorneo's worries were well kept. a knight of the upper echelons And the knight-in-chief is a sodmaster who once made a name for himself.

They turned to the enemy and went out without a single weapon.

It is true that he had more unusual powers than expected, but he was Baron Gorneo, who didn't think it would be all-around.

"Who cares about who?"

However, Jack did not seem to agree with Baron Gorneo's opinion.

"What?"

"Are you worried about Prince Davy?"

For the first time, there was a feeling of absurdity in his mouth, which was not felt.

"In short, nothing could be more useless than worrying about the human being."

"......."

As if to say that one plus one equals two, there is no hesitation.