85 # 85

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 9 of the Four Books

"You wouldn't tell me why you joined hands with that guy."

As he approached him with a relaxed voice, he took a step back and spread his distance from me.

I thought it was a case that was strengthened by the power of the sword, but even after abandoning the sword, there are a lot of heavy attacks.

He seemed to recognize that it wasn't exactly a tempo.

"Who the hell are you?"

Man is not perfect. High-level Holy Magic Master Swordsman. And after abandoning the sword, the Pist Master-class physical.

Common sense is that it would be impossible for me to come to this level at my age.

If they are geniuses of the century, they may be able to achieve one.

"I saw it on the way here. Apparently, there are cells from other monsters in the human body."

Surprised by what I said, Ullis opened her eyes wide.

"Well, did you get involved in this to recover from your broken body?"

"Shut up!"

Screaming in a rage, he must have jumped at his usual self.

However, just by looking at his reflexively shaking hands covering his stomach, he could see that he was on extreme alert.

"I'm starting to think it's absurd at this point. The poison containing pathogens was handed over to the wild enemies to spread the disease on this land."

My eyes were on Linton.

"It's you, isn't it?"

"Gasp!"

"That's the answer, junkies."

Biochemical terrorism was carried out on a healthy land to obtain a cure for the disease and to conduct unknown research with the funding.

We don`t know if this is known, but it won`t end up as a whole."

A medical organization created for good purposes administered germs to healthy people and kidnapped people to conduct human experiments secretly.

No matter how commoner's life is the life of Paris, there is a duty as a minimum human being.

It's funny. Considering the appearance that the nobles, who consider their lives to be nothing more than ordinary people's flies, are determined to be very stricken.

"...uh...uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

"Be quiet!!"

In a painful groan, Linton desperately sang Count Colio.

However, Count Colio's expression, which was so tense that he couldn't approach me easily, seemed full of tension.

That's enough, Davey.

'Shall we?'

Laughing, I opened my fist lightly.

"Let's not just aim for fame."

"......."

He didn't say anything, though it was a mockery.

Coooooooong!

It was not long before he took a step and quickly dug into me, setting up a sharp guard of hair.

His sword, which he has yet to miss, has squeezed out every mana he seems to be at the end to create a blade.

Even if it is rotten, Junchi is definitely a broken sodmaster, Bellance is too much power for me to prevent.

What's overwhelmingly higher for me is my experience with the human race, and my realization of the blind spot in the instant of combat flow.

"Whoop."

It detects the distance of his gun shot in advance.

The advantage of martial arts is that it moves more freely and faster than a sword at near distance.

And as soon as his movements become most unnatural.

Wham!

I smashed the floor into his face, penetrating him head-on and thrusting my fist straight into his face.

"Hmm!"

Reflectively the moment when he shows a gap to protect my face with a sword.

I forced myself to turn without regret.

Ha! You've been fooled again, youngest!

[The Devil's Urgh Battles]

[Invincible]

[Shreddering the Shredder]

Again.

Two bang!

"Kook!?"

The fists gathered in one place were stuck in his stomach.

There was someone's murmur as if it were shameful and cruel, but my eyes were still fixed on Count Colio and did not fall off.

Kudangtang!!

Count Colio, who bounced out of the air with shock waves and rolled on the floor several times, threw up blood.

Then he faced me with half empty eyes.

"You... you mean..."

"There's nothing to say about not being able to deal with it."

His eyes opened slightly wide at my murmur.

It is the simplest fact that I have forgotten due to the absurd confrontation.

The fact that I've already completely fallen behind in my basic competence.

The feelings in the eyes, timing, jealousy, envy. Anger at the unknown point I have.

After a complex moment of emotion passed by, his eyes completely lost color and became empty, and the body, which was hard even with its old body, slowly lost its support and collapsed.

You're still alive... you're too much of a force controller.

'No, he's strong.'

The power difference between the Expert and the Master is so detailed and detailed that it is difficult to express in words.

In addition, Count Colio was so great that he was called the Knight Commander of the Imperial Household.

If he were fine, he would not have let go of the sword.

Then at least stop breathing.

"I'm going to die anyway.'

"Come... Bernie."

I approached two people who didn't know much about the situation, and who were watching but didn't understand it just like her.

"Davie."

"How are you?"

When asked calmly, he smiled bitterly.

"Well, that's a total nuisance. Anyway... I'm sorry. While I was away for a moment, Count Colio came in, and the treatments were..."

I felt a sense of responsibility in his intentions to blur the end of his words.

He seemed to think that all the treatments he had barely held on to the dying people's lives were burned down.

I can't cure everyone with the amount I gave to Baron Gorneo in the beginning.

Furthermore, considering the continuous administration of the drug, it would be far from sufficient.

"Oh, that? That's fine. And don't worry about my carelessness because it's my fault."

When I answered as if nothing was wrong, his eyes opened round.

"What? What's that?"

"When I die, the cure will evaporate into the air, and Linton wouldn't have let it go."

The grinned his head as if he understood what I said.

"So go back first. Go and take care of WINRI."

"Davie..."

"I'll take care of the rest of them and follow them."

"Oh! Lee... Earl Linton!"

As soon as it came to my mind, Winnie shouted in surprise.

It was because Count Lington, who had been stuck in the wall, was not seen because his shoulders were penetrated by Hong Dan and Cheng Dan-yi.

The two swords that had been holding him were already thrown on the floor, and traces of the blood he had spilled continued to the outside of the community.

"Oh, my God! He's running away!..."

"So go back first."

"I'm... I'm sorry. I can use short-distance teleports, but as I am now..."

"Just stay still."

"What?"

He opened his eyes when he looked suspiciously surprised at my words surprised him.

5 The short-term movement wizard available to wizards in circles.

However, it was also a way I thought about using it on my way from Hines to Ordem land because the range was about 5km to 8km at the longest.

There are only 5 circles available to me right now.

"What... what is that?! Mr. Davy! You're not even magic?!"

"Then..."

Ullis and Winnie disappeared in a moment, smiling and flicking their fingers.

It was only after I confirmed that the two people who disappeared without leaving a trace were completely free from the magical effects that I picked up Hongdan and Cheongdan that fell on the floor without regret.

"I threw my precious child away like this."

There was a joke in his mouth, but his face was strangely stiff and he couldn't get it off easily.

Rather than this nonsense, I began to feel extremely down in that I used Winley in this situation.

* * *

"Huhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

Linton's escape was simply a desperate struggle.

As he slowly followed the path that had passed, bleeding profusely, he could see him standing on one side of the huge control facility.

The left arm disappeared below the elbow and the shoulders were torn helplessly.

The pain must be considerable, but it was a matter of great obsession with his survival.

"You monster..."

"I don't know who you're calling a monster."

Whoo-hoo! Whoo-hoo!

In an instant, a red afterimage flew in, and the oracle blade, which swung like a whip, flew in as if to cut his body.

However, due to the pink air current activated in front of him as if he had been waiting, the orler blade broke down without reaching him.

"Hhhhhhhhhhhhhh, this is why a man has to prepare for his last move."

He looked down at Barry's hand, which was too much to be cut with an oracle blade to be able to cut, without a word, he looked down at the hand that was ringing.

It's pretty hard.

It was not a physical resistance, but it felt as if the air had hardened and prevented progress.

You spent quite a bit of money on a barrier that forced a considerable amount of money.

Slowly lead Hong Dan and slowly watch him, and he soon began to operate the remote control he had taken out of his arms.

at the same time

"That's a good run. You monster."

Linton's body began to cloud like a mirage.

The speed was quite slow, but similar to the phenomenon of Managate, which is most commonly known as an ancient heritage.

I'm trying to run!

Surprised Perserk shouted.

"What are we going to do now? Are you gonna cut me? Hahahaha! Yes! Cut it if you want to!"

He shouted confidently with his chest and threw the crushed glasses nervously.

Then he stared at me with a face of a mine and chewed me out.

"I'll never let the guy who interfered with my research, just wait. Someday I'll put you in a test tube alive."

"Yes, I'll look forward to it."

"Kkhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh"

Is this situation so funny?

In the end, Linton started to laugh loudly and look down on me.

"After all, you're a human being when you're outstanding! I have all the remedies you've made. In the end, you couldn't save anyone! It will be like that now and after I'm gone!"

His frantic laughter began to reverberate throughout the control room.

"Hahahaha! Okay, is there anything you want to say for the last time?"

The way he spoke as if he were being generous, I pulled out Cheng Dan without regret.

"Good-bye."

"What?"

The mana gate already activated excludes the Fish electron from the physical law system. In other words, his half-dimmed body had already moved to the other side of the two dimensions.