81 # 81

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the fourth and fifth volumes.

"Heater magic would be easy to manage. Please keep the temperature going now. I'll go see if the treatment is going well."

In my words, Winnie nodded vigorously, as if to leave it to her.

* * *

A subtly awkward atmosphere hung inside the tent as he followed Baron Goneo out of the tent.

"Winley really likes Prince Davy."

The simple temperature change magic was not difficult for the two who learned the magic of the Red Tower.

When Ulysses, who used to pull up Manna to manage the heating heat, smiled softly and asked, Win-ri's face quickly loosened and shed a fluffy smile.

"Right? My brother has always been a wonderful man."

"Long time ago.

"My mother was always my family, and she was kind and warm to me and Varys. You were a little bit full of energy, but... both I and Barris will never forget the warmth you showed us."

I couldn't really remember when it was.

Rubbing her red cheeks, she grinned.

"So I really like my brother. I still remember the old story of the sun and the moon that my brother told me when I was young."

"I envy you."

Ulysses, who mumbled without a lie, gave a soft smile.

"Then, Princess Winley, if I... "

Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh.

Like it's vibrating.

While talking, Ullis spoke to the vibrations in his arms and took out a small tool from his arms.

"Contact Artifacts?"

"Oh... I'm sorry. I'll be gone for a moment."

When Ulysses hurriedly got out of his seat and left with a pale face, Winnie just smiled brightly and nodded.

"Hehe. Should I bake you some delicious cookies?"

What should we do first when the disease control team leaves after the death of the land?

While I'm here, I'll show you the famous things that have been activated on the territory and use the baking techniques I've been studying to make delicious things.

When I imagined many happy things, the corners of my mouth crept up.

It wouldn't be strange to ask someone if he really liked it as a rational person, but sadly, Winnie had a polar bracom temperament.

I... I... I... I...

"Oh, you're here already?"

It's been about five minutes since Ullis left.

Win-ri, who was raising Man-na with her fingers at the sound of footsteps behind her, smiled and turned her head.

No, I was going to turn it around.

Puck!

If it weren't for something that suddenly hit her on the back of the neck.

"Oh... oh?"

What was seen beyond her hazy vision of failing to resist was an old man wearing a red uniform and a scarf instead of a hood.

* * *

"Sir."

"Yeah, how was it going?"

"Yes, Prince Davy was a great man. I didn't know that you were well versed in medicine."

"That's what you're saying?"

"The most surprising thing was the confidence of the prince."

"Ho-oh, confidence?"

He nodded when asked by his teacher, who swept down his gray beard and asked satisfactorily.

"What should I say? It was confidence that only those who experienced a lot of things could show. Having that level of confidence at that age means that there might be something else I don't know."

"If you felt that way, that would be right."

"Yes, as your teacher judged, Prince Davy has a lot to learn from watching him. But more than that, I actually have a personal desire."

"Greed?"

"Yes, I think he could be just a comfortable friend regardless of age or group interests."

In addition to his ability, he was a subtly strange and warm person.

subtly different from royalty and aristocrats who live as planned from birth

In other words, he is a free person.

"Laugh! You have met a very good man, there are many things in the world that age cannot judge. Even a three-year-old child has something to learn. Keep that in mind."

"Yes, Master."

He swept down his beard with satisfaction.

"And I've looked at a little bit of what you said."

"Oh... did you get anything?"

"Yes, Baron Gorneo and Count Lington, who were in charge of special projects for the disease control team. Most of the information was lost, but you did recognize it somehow."

After a short sigh, he opened his mouth.

"Yes, Baron Goneo is quite a nice guy. It's a devotional good will that's hard to see these days. But... the Rington I'm with is a little different."

Ullis, who was listening to my teacher, listened to my teacher, forgetting that the longer the story, the harder his face becomes.

And when the story ends.

Whooooooooh!!

With a heavy explosion, he opened his eyes to see that all the tents where he had been preparing for Davy's treatment had been burned.

"Oh... no!!!"

Ullis' face, which had lost its usual soft smile, was in a hurry.

It was a close cry.

* * *

"Lady Winley!"

Ulysses, who ran screaming, looked blankly at the burning tent.

Just a moment ago, he and Winley were managing the cure that Davy had left behind.

But what's going on while you're away?

[Shouting! Communicate!]

[Water cyclone!]

Reflecting on, the staff that popped out of his hand, which pulled Manna, glowed.

At the same time, the air, which had nothing, was illustrated, and a large amount of water popped out, creating a huge whirlwind, wiping out the burning tent.

Gosh, geez. . . . . . . .

"We... our Lady Winley!!"

Reflexively used magic after 4 circles.

The circle is also a circle and the use of magic suddenly resulted in the loss of significant mana.

Ullis, who ran away in an instant ignoring the cold feeling of blood cooling, searched the wreckage of the tent without knowing that his robe was ruined.

However, all he could see was a completely shattered cure.

There is no win-win.

"What's this......"

As he was muttering with a stiff face, he suddenly opened his eyes to a fact that came to mind.

I don't think so, but what my teacher has just said has fully hinted at the possibility.

No matter how unusual the past is, I never thought I would work here.

With a pale complexion, Ullis floated up as if she had nothing more to think about.

'Prince Davy is a man with excellent medical knowledge and scarring, but no force. You can't get even Prince Davy involved. If so...'

You're the only one who can get out of here.

Thinking so far, he used the five-circle fly magic as if there was nothing more to see and began to fly quickly along the trail.

His real name is Lington Bornitiaad.

A genius who had existed in the East Continent in the past, but was later subjugated to the Lindis Empire, the largest power in the East, and who was born in the Kingdom of Lyutis.

But that spirit was so bizarre. He was also disciplined in the Kingdom of Lyutis and banned from medical activities.

We need to develop a cure for the disease, but it is a very rare disease, so there are fewer cases.

At the time, Count Linton, who was 15 years old at the time, kidnapped some 200 of his citizens and forced them to take pathogens, locked them up and conducted tens of thousands of experiments.

Afterwards, he succeeded in developing a cure for the disease, but when he finished his experiment, only ten of the 200 young people survived.

With that half disabled, too.

And all ten of them died without living for three months, and in the end he was a man who could do anything for his purpose.

One killer is a murderer, ten kills a serial killer. Those who killed more than 100 people are slaughtered. The man who killed 10,000 people is called a hero.

However, Linton's bizarre ideas seemed to be nothing but demons that killed 10,000 people.

"You have to be safe!"

Crushing his teeth, he murmured low.

* * *

at the same time

Davy, who was following Baron Gorneo to identify patients in the clinic and perform treatment activities, was frowning at the knights in red uniform who surrounded them and pulled out their swords.

"Hey, Baron Gorneo."

"What?"

"Well, is there a problem?"

When asked by Davy, Baron Gorneo shook his head strongly.

"No! You guys, what are you doing? Pulling out a sword from a sacred clinic!"

He is strictly the boss of the Knights. Therefore, the Knights must obey his orders.

However, no one took the sword at the words of Baron Goneo.

The articles covered with bizarre hoods with holes in their eyes all lit up at the end of the sword as if they were more than an expander and spoke as if declaring.

"I don't have any regrets. The command is a command."

"Command?"

"Dear Count Lington's orders, Baron Goneo will die here. And please follow us, prince."

The firm words caught Baron Gorneo's eyes.

"Why would he do this?!"

Of course, his cry was not heard.

"Do not resist. It'll only be more painful if you resist."

At the end of the sentence, one of the knights threw out a sword in his hand towards Baron Gorneo.

Crying!!!

"Oh, really?"

At the same time, the white hand that flew lightly snatched the end of the sword.

The blade is like nothing.

33. Chasing.

"Uh......."

What is the probability that the general public, and the elderly, who are now aging, will prevent a full-time investigation of an article that is more than an exposure?

Of course, Baron Gorneo did not doubt that his neck would be cut off by the swords of knights who attacked him.

Prince Davy, a young man, is by his side, but he was only told that he had received unstable sexual scars and was not told that he was powerless.

In the end, he will have to die with the sword.

by the way

What's going on here?

Kagak...... Kagagagagagagagak!

a trembling knight with a quivering sword in his hand

And Prince Davy holding the sword with his bare hands and making a complicated expression.

And myself watching the situation.

"Eh... Prince Davy?"

"Are you hurt?"

"Ah... ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh."

"Laugh!"

The knight, who groaned with the words, gives strength again to pull out the sword, but the sword in Davy's hand did not fall out as if it had stuck tightly.

"Did Linton say he sent you?"

"......."

"Well, it took the politician a while, but I didn't think he'd do this if he had the brains."

Davy's calm eyes shone dangerously.

At the same time, Davy's hand, which was holding the sword, bobbed and pulled it into his arms.

The knight, who was holding the sword in the instant, was dragged into his arms.