88 # 88

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 12 of the Four Books

It would have been hard for him to judge what would happen if he accidentally pushed his foot into the forest where hundreds of lightning began to fall from the sky.

Due to the nature of Varys, it is also easy to endure for about three hours.

It was Ullis and Winley that followed.

"Oh, my God!"

After running with a surprised face, Winnie ran to me with a pale face and held me in her arms.

As I have such a small frame, I feel like I'm in prison even if I have a normal physique.

Of course, a horse is a normal build, with a superior height of over 180, and a stiff muscle.

"Orabani... ...did you get hurt?" Do you know how worried I was?!"

The problem is that the comparison subjects all have 190 or large physique. Even men with a small physique are in their 180s, so they have to say that they are normal.

"Hey! I told you not to come out!"

"Don't be ridiculous! How can I relax when my brother isn't coming back?"

Screaming at Barris's slap, she sobbed down my cheeks.

"Orabani! Are you hurt anywhere? Are you all right? Isn't that right?"

"Yes, you're fine, you son of a gun."

When I smiled and stroked my hair like I always did, tears welled up in Winnie's eyes.

"Did everything go well after you got back first?"

"Oh... yeah, David left with a big harpoon."

With a slightly tired face, Ullis smiled bitterly.

"Actually, I should've said that from the beginning."

I confided to him the feelings that came to minded of his appearance.

"Thank you for protecting my ugly brother. I will never forget this grace."

Even if it didn't help.

He was a man who went to the facility to find Winley without knowing that his life was a waste.

It's only been a few days since we met.

"I didn't do anything. I just know that it would have been a disaster if it weren't there."

"......."

"I couldn't even stand by her. It's a shameful situation with the position of an elder in the tower. Plus...the cure..."

"Oh, you mean that?"

Pickup took my pocket out of my arms and shook it lightly.

"Linton, I've kept most of it neat and tidy, if it's a waste."

He nodded his head, apparently relieved by what I said.

"Winley and Yulice, let them go in for treatment first. I've given you a simple treatment, but you never know."

I just wanted to let you rest.

In what I said, Varys pushed the two on the back as if he would not accept the defense, and Winley, who had a discontented look, was forced to enter with a sigh.

"But when did you say you saw that guy at level five, Mr. Winley? Brother, isn't that guy mean to Winley?"

Your brother's fool doesn't seem to be going somewhere.

As soon as Ulysses left, I burst into laughter at the sight of a man on the border.

Then, he answered very seriously.

"I think it's the other way around..."

"What? No... no way. WINRI, that waltz...

"......."

"Really?"

He looks at me with an incredible face.

"If you say so, I think that's right."

Varys sighed in despair as if he thought the current situation was ridiculous.

However, in this solemn atmosphere, Persec suddenly began to pull my cheek recklessly.

What's wrong with you?'

You're a complete moron!

'What's the problem?'

......the usual smart guy doesn't even know things are going the other way......

I don't know what he's saying.

She was a sighing woman.

No, so it's not him. It's him. It's him? That's ridiculous. Then what's with Winnie's attitude?'

A red face when I first met Ullis. And when I came to Ordem territory. As soon as I entered the place where only the two were, I was so surprised that I was trying to suppress embarrassment like a child hiding something.

She doesn't know that! Just don't know for the rest of your life!

'Oh, my...'

Looking at her, who turned away after acting strangely, I only shrugged my shoulders as I was dumbfounded.

* * *

After I followed Barris into the city, I was able to hear some of the full story of the incident from Barris.

Of course, Count Linton intentionally spread the disease on the land using the wild enemies.

He said it was nothing new, but he still couldn't hide his importance, as if his anger had not gone away.

How ridiculous it is that a burglar broke into someone else's house and got caught acting like a landlord.

The funny thing was that Baron Goneo gave me a hint about the whole story.

First Baron Gorneo had quite vehemently opposed me doing something on this land.

Perhaps, it was a tacit appeal to avoid blood and avoid it quickly after getting caught up in useless depth.

"You're so quick-witted."

As expected, the idea seemed to be right.

It's the truth.

Persek whispered beside him, confirming the superficial consciousness revealed by his psychology.

"I knew Linton was in danger, actually. There was no evidence and nothing was revealed, so I couldn't help it. But now that this has happened, it won't be a problem for Prince Davy."

Baron Gorneo explained, taking the medicine I gave to the patients and administering it.

"It doesn't make sense. If you protest with that, it's the Empire's outburst."

He nodded at Barris's words.

"In fact, it's funny that things are going on in the world. No matter who picks up the pod, the small country has no choice but to shut up. It's just...."

He answered firmly, blurring the end-of-the-line.

"I'll never get into trouble with this. The prince's achievements are not light enough to be swept away by this."

Although he was the weakest member of the parliament, his determination to never compromise was still outstanding.

* * *

The condition of the land began to improve noticeably as the drugs that had been created began to be cloned and distributed.

Of course, this is not the end. Basically, once I was cured, I had to barise and introduce the vaccination system to the whole land, as I had no worries about being exposed to the disease again.

A new born child can't have antibodies. The top priority was to eradicate the problem of land by periodically trying to inoculate.

Is that all?

As there are many mercenaries entering and leaving the territory, even the mercenaries were required to be inoculated, which led to the eradication of the remaining fusion acceleration virus.

We can't do anything until there are still germs on the land.

"This has killed more than 300 people in the Ordam territory."

"That's as little dead as he's dead."

"Are you okay?"

Now that you've come to talk to me, you know how to talk to me.

I asked, sitting down and rolling around the manna in my body without a word.

Let's just have a little chat about what happened.

"Well, it's a good thing that this big bottle went wild, and that' How many people do you think there are in the territory of Ordem?"

"It's..."

"The best thing about medicine is prevention. Then what is the heavy responsibility?"

Jack, or Eina Helicana, gave me a self-imposed answer to my question.

"Quick... healing and post-mortem."

"How about the summer book?"

"Isolate... ...accept..."

"The disease of this man is a deranged invader who has no intention of negotiating with the intelligence community. Humans have been at war with such invaders for a long time. I will continue to do so."

Jack was silent about what I said.

"The prince knew about the disease."

"That's right."

"How far did you know?"

"Hmm... is this included in the calculation?"

"I'm intelligent, too. I'm doing the math right. It's a point system."

The wrong answer made me laugh.

"I'm afraid I'm asking you to give me your organs because I have a lot of points later on."

"My life is precious to me..."

From the point of view of a medical practitioner, this bloody invader is such a dangerous disease that it is fortunate that it has stopped at this point."

Jack didn't say anything to me.

Disease that killed hundreds of millions of people on other continents. Since he is a doctor, he knows how high the risk is, so there is no other way to express it as a relief that only hundreds of people have stopped.

I'm sorry for those who have already died.

If I hadn't been there and this disease had spread out here and there, half the continent would have flown, starting with Ordem.

No, maybe it spread to the Central Continent and the Tionis was a complete mess.

In that sense, Linton was really fearless.

If it went wrong a little bit, the virus from the opening site would have multiplied all over the continent.

"You are a very unique person."

"So tell me, I think it's about time you got what you wanted."

"We still need more points. I'll devote myself to everything."

"You don't know what you're so dedicated to, do you just come under me?"

"Will you accept it?"

I grinned at his question.

"Will you accept that I'm crazy?"

I don't care where you belong and what your past has been, but at least if you want me to tell you to accept it, take it off first.

I don't know what I felt in my eyes, but Jack, or Ai or Helicana, said nothing at the end.

* * *

Knock, knock! Boom!

The runaway carriage did not slow down easily after exiting the forest.

"Lord Bellos! The pursuers are no longer following!"

"If you keep running like this, the horse can't hold up!"

Whoo... Slow down! Walter! Rock! Don't let go of your fortune's boundaries and be on your guard in case of a surprise attack!"

The number of knights escorting the carriage was seven in total, which was originally much higher than that.

"Oh, shit, assassins!

An angry old knight grappled with anger.

No matter how Sodmaster is, if assassins rush in day and night, there can be no damage.

If not, one monster lives on the continent, but they didn't know that.

"It's the Queen, Belos! Are you hurt?"

There was a crook of someone in the still-stopped carriage with the cry of an urgent old driver.

"Okay... it's okay..."

Soon after, a soft girl's voice was heard.