89 # 89

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 13 of the Four Books

Crying...

"Well... if you're still out!"

"It's all right. Cough... ..Cough."

The girl, who appeared as the door opened, staggered small, as if she was dizzy due to the fast run.

"Lower!"

At the same time, women who appeared to be a maid rushed to support her in the carriage.

"It's all right... Marie."

The girl had a small build.

shorter than the average age group, and smaller size. The girl, who had a clear yet soft line, was as delicate as if she would break it if she held it hard grip.

But she was different from humans.

Her bright turquoise ponytail-shaped hair had long ears unique to the Suin people.

In addition, whether he was very tired or depressed, he felt sorry for the viewers.

a species of fox

But it was subtly pointy.

Whether the tail was a large evening dress was not revealed, but it was clear that her presence was a male of the fox line, unlike knights who were ordinary human beings.

That was not the end of her singularity.

Her face was completely obscured by an unusual white mask.

All you can tell is that she is still a young girl and a suin.

From hand to toe, she never revealed a single bare skin.

"Are you hurt?"

Even though she wouldn't even be able to see her eyes through the mask, she turned to the knights precisely.

All the knights bowed to her quiet question.

"Don't worry. Degradation, we are prepared to risk our lives to protect your safety."

"I don't see Sir Halus, Lord Luxa, Lord Hibena..."

The knights' bodies flinched at the small murmur.

"I'm sure... the raid..."

The little girl, who was talking, bowed her head in tears.

"I'm sorry... I'm sorry, everyone... ...because of the Sioux like me..."

Her face was covered with a mask, so she didn't show her expression, but her voice, which was so deep, clearly showed that she was quite depressed.

"Flaming... the dusk!"

The women-in-law beside her looked down at her in a fright.

"Your Grace, I beg your pardon! Please stop crying!"

"Because I'm a Sioux! You're being unreasonable!"

"That's right! Who would despise the existence of the Underworld?"

Then all the knights lined up and knelt down to her.

"The lack of power from the gods... ...shame on His Majesty! Please kill me!"

"Stop it! I... ...I don't want you to get hurt by me anymore."

Her voice became more tearful.

"Yes... my father... or the Emperor's cause."

"Thoughly, these are gruesome assassins who put their swords into the Imperial family of the Lindis Empire, the great Eastern Empire. I will investigate this matter thoroughly and root out those who have done it!"

"Lord Bellos..."

The girl gave a husky voice to the appearance of the hard-spoken old knight.

"We will make an agreement in the name of Gwiunggum Bellos, the Imperial Swordmaster. I will surely avenge the wrongful deaths of my men who have died unjustly."

The girl was not an absolute altruist. Rather, he was greedy.

The reason why the knights are always following her.

She was a person who showed everything to me and loved me.

Therefore, even though she is mixed with Suin and has little background, she has been loved thoroughly by her family members, even though she is in a position where she is run over by her brothers and sisters.

Therefore, Bellos became her own knight, with fewer than 20 members, despite her outstanding position as a sodmaster.

"Thank you... Thank you. Sir Bellos..."

"I'm sorry, degradation... ...but I'm sure you're going to have a hard time, but we're on the border Just a little more, please."

The girl, who had been sobbing as if she had stopped crying, soon calmed her trembling shoulders and nodded.

Then he sat quietly in the carriage, supported by his maidens.

Her subtle but cute ears pricked up.

"But, Lord Bellos, what on earth was the thunderclap?"

"That's... I'm sorry. Actually, it was hard to judge what I thought."

"No, it's just..."

"However, it was hard to say that it was a natural disaster. I've never heard of the natural phenomenon of hundreds of lightning falling from the sky."

"What if someone caused it?"

"If all the wise men of the continent come together, I think we can at least try."

Again, the carriage began to depart, and the murmur of the drivers began to be heard.

I saw all the carriages that were rushing and the knights escorting the carriage.

It was also a sound that would not be strange to hear that even if you ran to a street stall or a tavern and talked about it as a snack, you were told not to talk nonsense but to drink more.

"What was that really, sir?

"I don't know exactly. It's just...."

The voice of Bellos, an old man who stopped talking, was quietly heard.

"It was like the thunderbolt fell for assassins."

"In fact, a lightning bolt that was chasing a guy who was running away in chaos burned him to ashes. I've never seen a lightning bolt burn a person to ashes in my life. It's obviously abnormal."

"The important thing is that you survived. I have a lot to think about, but I can't understand it in common sense. If it's true that humans have created it..."

He quietly closed his eyes after he stopped talking.

"Maybe the order of the great wizards known to the continent will be reversed overnight. Well, I don't think so."

"Yes, if it could cause such a ridiculous disaster, it wouldn't be humans, it would be the magic species of dragons in fairy tales."

The conversation between the very feeble but seemingly relaxed knights continued for a moment from him.

"Sigh..."

Then, listening to the conversation of the knights, the girl sat on the soft sofa of the carriage and breathed out a short, hard breath.

Everyone else seemed to have seen it.

However, she was the only one who had more vision, smell, and hearing than human beings.

'......he had black hair......'

A man in the sky and countless purple magicians floating around him.

And... he saved us.'

It was also true that his eyes met for a moment.

Of course she was wearing a mask, but somehow the man felt as if he had exactly met his eyes.

a brief encounter

However, it was only for a moment that the man was strongly imprinted on her mind.

After the lightning disappeared, her keen sense of smell lingered for a moment, just like the man's.

"Light but modest and reliable... ..scent of Sansuyu..."

As if she would never forget, she clasped my hand and stared silently at the forest of thunderstorms that had just escaped.

36. Things to be known someday.

"Davie, would you like a drink?

I looked at Ulysses smiling with another precious drink that I didn't know where he was getting it from, and my eyes were cold.

He's surprisingly fond of drinking.

I think I drank it the day before, too?

But this is not the case.

I thought so and answered firmly.

"Of course. It's shabby, but come on in."

I'm a weak man after all in front of a moderately deep-flavored drink that doesn't taste bitter.

It's a good thing that you can't be self-conscious and you can't be a blunderstand.

If that happens, she'll kick you and wake you up.

When Percerk, who was muttering his words, tried to ignore him and lifted him up, Winnie and Barris, who were looking behind him, also flinched their heads.

He seems to have been quite busy with the issue of land's afterlife, but he has finally come to his senses.

"What about Baron Gorneo?"

"He seems a little uncomfortable with this kind of position. This is obviously the responsibility of his disease control team, so he may have felt some responsibility."

I didn't ask any more about Varys' words.

If you want to do that, you should do that.

It is also a big decision by Barris to accept the remaining members of the disease management team, who are virtually the same as those who killed more than 300 innocent people.

"They're victims, too. And I'm just quite interested in Baron Gorneo's dedication."

WINRI rinsed and smiled at the calm appearance of Varys.

"Huh! What are you going to do when you're so gentle?"

"How about that? I just want you to shut up."

"What? Hey!"

WINRI, who screamed out loud, looked down, conscious of Ullis and me. Then he carefully drank a glass of wine in his hand, avoiding his gaze.

But now you're an adult and you're drinking anything.

"You're coming of age now, and you're going into the royal family on your birthday."

"I'd like to be silent for a while when I see the sound of the water running now."

The gaze of Varys, who flirted and smiled, came to me.

"Brother."

"Yes."

"May I ask you a question?"

They are faces that want to solve their curiosity somehow.

In the meantime, I've been pushing it too far. If I were a human being who was doing something, I might think so, but I couldn't understand it with the heads of these three people.

Swordmaster who pulls out the oracle blade.

And the fighting skill of throwing away the sword and hitting it head-on with the Swordmaster. Not only that, but also the medical knowledge that you don't know where you learned from the possession of the scar.

Finally, the magic of more than five circles that blew Ullis and Winnie to the ground.

Is this the force that a person under 20 can have?

From my point of view, I can definitely say no. I've built that route once.

It's hard unless the same time as me has spent a thousand twisted years.

a rare genius woman who has learned sword from the time she learned writing

Even at the age of 17, Illina has yet to knock on Swordmaster's wall.

Ullis, who used to be called the continent's greatest genius prodigy, is hitting the master's wall little by little until he reaches the 30th row, and the 17-year-old, who has spent a third of his life in a coma, is easily over.

It would not be strange to ask if a monster other than me was using my shell.

"Hmm..."

"Stop it, you idiot! It's rude to my brother. What are you interrogating?"

"Hey! You were wondering if that's what happened."

That's what Winley said, but he was actually curious.

"In fact, I... can I ask if it doesn't bother you. Mr. Davy."

Ullis smiled and looked at me.