83 # 83

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 7 of the Four Books

He could not understand what Prince Davy was and why he was followed by an assassin who looked so dangerous and trusted like that.

Only if what he says is true. What Baron Gorneo has to do is now set.

"What the hell is Prince Davy..."

"Well, I'd like to know that... ...but it's against the business policy for an informant to give out information like this."

"Gye, pay the bill!"

"I don't know who he is. The only thing that happened recently was that the man, who had fallen into a coma and was dying, turned into someone else in just a few months."

Baron Gorneo, who was speechless and lost to absurd information, soon shook his head strongly, hoping that he had just misheard him.

"That's good. Then make sure no one gets in the way of the treatment!"

There is work to be done between each other.

Baron Gorneo acknowledged the fact and began to hurry to prepare for treatment without hesitation.

* * *

"Demi Hellfire!"

The five-circle magic, commonly called the Baby Hellfire, set the whole hall ablaze like a bombardment.

Firepower is less than the legendary 9-circle Hellfire.

This amount of firepower is bound to be a great attack against the Excurs.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

At the same time, the knights who were swept away by the flames screamed and rolled down the floor and collapsed horribly.

"Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk!

Ulysses, who stumbled with a pale face and coughed violently, frowned.

They were magic that would never have been used against humans.

Magic can simply erase life at any time.

So be careful in your use.

That's what Julis learned from my teacher.

But if you can't use it even when you need it, what is the significance of learning magic?

It's magic learned to protect and explore someone.

He will be disqualified as an elder if he fails to protect even those who do not enter his heart in a single moment.

Soon after Winley disappeared, he followed the trail quickly out of the land.

You can only do yourself.

So he made a bold choice.

And when you come into an unidentified facility after the knights who keep you in check.

He felt as if his face were fading at the horrible scene unfolding in the huge glass.

The Earl of Linton seemed to have been a psychopath more than he had thought.

"Gasp!"

Kudangtang!!

Breaking the thick door in one fell swoop, a knight rolled black.

Tired of excessive mana consumption, Ullis managed to keep her body in check with her staff.

Sure enough.

He was greeted by dozens of anti-disaster knights in red uniforms and with swords pulled out, and the knights standing in the center.

"Lord Colio... Where's the Princess Winley?"

At his cry, Count Colio lifted his head without a word.

There was Winnie, who was stuck in a faint, and Count Linton, who stood relaxed beside her.

Lington, who had a habit of wiping off cold sweats as he usually did, said bluntly.

"I didn't think you'd get caught like this."

"Lincoln! Do you know what you're doing?""

At his cry, Linton just shrugged his shoulders.

"Well, it's a win-win situation. Don't get too mad. It's good for each other."

"What's win-win in this damn situation?"

Lington tilted his head as if he really didn't know at the furious Yulis' cry.

"Don't you think it's good? Prince Davy died and advanced human medicine to the next level. And I get that achievement and I have a great reputation."

"......."

"And the level five of Ullis... ...is to be an unprecedented and outstanding experiment and to serve humanity. What kind of a win-win is this perfect?"

The teasing tone of voice made Ullis' teeth split.

"Well, I think this is perfect. Don't resist unnecessarily and cooperate."

Whaaaaah!

Rington's subsequent remarks were not concluded. A red mass of flames exploded in front of him even before his words were finished.

In the end, Linton's body was not hit by any damage, perhaps because the knights who flew as if they had been waiting for it.

"Oh... you didn't like it?"

"No hard-to-hear crap!"

The furious glint of Ulysses shone horribly.

At the same time, a terrible mana began to rise from his body.

"Tut... Rebellion to the end, Count Colio. Overpower as much as possible without injury. Only when you're alive can you be more efficient as an experiment."

At his words, Count Colio silently lifted the sword and pointed it at Ullis.

At the same time, the knights, who were lining up as if they had been waiting, attacked him.

* * *

How many people have already been burned to death?

"Cough."

Ulysses, who vomited blood, collapsed so much that he could not maintain his body in the wound of an egg.

Most of the mana he had was exhausted, and his pet staff was also cracked here and there due to excessive use of Manna and excessive defense, and the mana stone lost its light.

"You've held on for a long time."

However, despite this desperate response, he failed to make even one successful attack on Linton.

No, to be exact, it would be right to say that he didn't even get rid of all the knights who were fighting for him.

Each and every one of them is more than Expert.

Among them, most of them are talented people above the level of seniority.

Ulysses' standing was superior to theirs.

Actually, he was knocking on the master's wall.

The problem was that there was a limit to holding out with a body that had not yet reached the master level of six circles.

"Cough! Cough!"

As Yulis, who collapsed in fierce blood, gasped, Count Colio slowly approached him.

He hasn't moved a step since he first drew the sword.

All of them were blocked by the attack of the Expeditionary Knights, who attacked one person as if they were engaged in a wheel-battle.

"So why did you come all the way here?"

Ullis smiled helplessly at the appearance of asking as if he were being criticized.

"I'm here to protect you."

"I'll protect someone. The queen? Or Young Ji-min, who's going to die on the land? Prince Davy, who's on his way by now?"

Ulysses' eyes open wide at his words.

"What... what... ..."

"Eulis Elder. You're not an idiot. You thought he just came without any action? Young Ji-min would have been slaughtered by the knights who had left behind."

"Uh...Uh...Uh..."

Ullis' eyes were bloodshot at the words of Count Colio.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Then he screamed and tried to raise himself up like he was throwing up blood.

Whoooooo!

However, his body collapsed with a gruesome sound.

"Huck..."

"If you wanted to protect even one person, you should have run away. You should have taken one more person out of the land and ran as far away as you could."

Ullis looked at Count Colio with angry eyes as he collapsed at the sight of him speaking in a bitter tone that he didn't know who he was talking to.

Then, Linton's mockery came to his ears as he watched him shake.

"Do you think Level 5 of Ullis needs to step up and save everyone? Or... did you have any feelings for her?"

"......."

"Then what an idiot! Hahaha!"

Was it assimilated into Linton's blatant ridicule?

There was a faint sneer of ridicule among the knights lining up.

"From what I see, the latter is... well, your face is so good that you can let it go."

Then he patted Winnie on the cheek who fainted.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Ullis tried to wake up screaming at the sight.

However, it was impossible for him to stand up after the tendon in his leg was broken by Count Colio.

"Don't worry. Now that I see it, I like it quite a lot. I'll write you a useful experiment."

"Linton!!!"

Ullis, who had no choice but to scream after collapsing, clenched his teeth with bloodshot eyes.

The wizard does not believe in God. But if I can believe in God and do something.

I wanted to pray to the god.

Get this body up right now, if that doesn't work.

"Take care of it, Count Colio. As long as I don't die. If you don't die."

"... ...I will."

Watching Count Colio's sword lifted high, Julius gave an empty look beyond his gradually blurred vision.

Sneak...

It was then.

There was a faint sound of something being cut off with a whining ear.

No one seemed to notice, but somehow the sound was so clear in Ullis' ears.

The source of the sound was none other than behind him.

"The world can't do anything by itself! It's too late to say I knew that. Hahahahahahahahaha!

With Linton's voice that makes you laugh.

Count Colio's sword was struck down.

Toong!!!

But before his sword could fall completely out of the air, with the sound of something heavy being cut off.

Something black pushed in so naturally and so gently.

"You're wrong, you're not even human. It doesn't apply to you to be too strong an enemy to face alone."

[The Devil's Urg-style Bungeon]

[Impromptu Deformation Penetrator]

Proudly.

[Hits the stomach so hard.

With the sound of the bone twisting, a dark red flame momentarily blazed, and the fist of the black new man struck Count Colio's reputation.

34. Where are you running?

It is said that most of the human vital parts are concentrated in the center.

Platinum, phosphorus, philtrum, specific gravity, trenches, danjeon, and cyst.

Whatever it is, it's the same for a goal if it's right.

Whaaaaah!

With a heavy sound of destruction, the area was covered with dark red flames and disappeared, slowly becoming visible.

"Eh...Davie..."

Persek briefly clicked his tongue at the dying voice of Julius, who fell to the floor.

on the verge of death

In a sad voice, I reached out to him without regret.

Then he quietly began to recite his prayers.

I beg of your child to lend me some good grace.]

a prayer still in profanity

However, the power that followed was never a joke.

[7 Hierarchy Stomach]

[Sanctuary]

Wideband persistence recovery field.

Whoooooooooooooh!

With a heavy sound, white energy escapes from the body and covers the area where Ullis is located, creating an area.

The miracle of the seventh-tier system is to return to its original form.

Usually, there are injuries that are difficult to return to even the recovery magic using divine power.

No matter how much you pour in, it could leave a scar.