87 # 87

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 11 of the Four Books

"Whoop..."

Ging...

At the same time, one in front of me, one in the back, one on my left.

One by one, a growing number of magicians began to show their presence in purple.

I've never seen a language before... is that a lunish?

a world of extreme magic The language called the natural magic that only unique geniuses could handle there.

Each of the magicians was engraved with purposeful lune words and began to scatter their presence and rotate the entire magic camp.

It's... it's... it's... it's still...

As if the motor were spinning, the rotating magicians slowly moved away from my body and eventually began to multiply more than 10 meters away from my body.

The continuously created magicians began to resonate with each other, rotating according to their unique mana arrangement.

Magic is the study of the Rain physics system for controlling natural intangible forces.

Even if a thunderbolt is made and fired in a different way, it is much more efficient to force lightning from an already created thunderstorm than to create and drop it arbitrarily.

There is a big difference between changing the direction of the waterways that have already been built and creating waterways and recreating waterways.

Boundaries are all areas behind me.

[Range Fixed]

[Border Extension]

[Structure Rearrangement]

You don't have to find the ones that are spread out, you just have to deal with the ones that pass behind me.

I caught Hong Dan, who rose in the air, looking at the chimera that went into the realm in an instant without finding me.

At the same time, a large amount of Manna and My Manna, which flowed out of Hongdan, resonated and put up the switch.

Like a magnet attracts pieces of metal.

The markings on the heads of the beasts passing by me began to appear.

"Oh. I wanted to try this too."

What else...

"Death, worm-like creatures!"

It's not a thunderstorm, but a thunderstorm.

It doesn't matter.

[Natural Disaster Series]

[Shouting out loud and clear.]

KUARUANG!!!

Soon after, hundreds of lightning bolts from the sky, starting with a light stroke of Hongdan in the air, struck the chimera with signs.

* * *

As if forming a huge barrage, all of the chimera passing through a certain area were burned to ashes by the lightning falling from the sky.

The thunderstorms, which had been asleep in a huge thunderstorm, were hooked as if they had been strangled by the traces of a very feeble mana that I had spread and sent down a strong flash of 27,000 degrees Celsius toward the monsters with their markings on them.

It can show all kinds of magic, but it has been selected as a dangerous system that can never be passed when it is known to the world.

I felt like my face was losing color due to the extreme concentration, but I forcibly clenched my teeth and maintained my area.

From a distance, hundreds of lightning strikes the entire forest.

It's theoretically possible, but...

She, who was at the end of her speech, now began to look at me as if she were looking at a monster.

This is the common sense of control that a single human being can handle...

As she shook her head and spoke, she shut her mouth when she saw my pale face.

I wish you could have consulted your daughter about the difficulties...

Her bitter muttering voice could not be heard in my ears.

Maintaining the domain. I can't do much in the pain of burning my brain every second.

* * *

Their physical abilities have increased dramatically, but their intelligence has decreased.

The biomonsters believed to have been created by Linton plunged their feet into the area I spread out, like a budding moth jumping into the fire, and all of them burned to ashes and oxidized.

Davey!

"Sigh... it's okay. It's okay."

Do you have any idea how pale your face is now?!

"I wouldn't have climbed up to nine circles if I had been dead like this."

Manna's consumption is not so much. However, the depletion of mental strength was too extreme.

The moment when I was about to release the magic with the last monster that was gasping for breath and oxidizes to the last fallen thunder.

Suddenly a strange thing came into my sight.

"Wow... motion sickness... I'm going crazy. If you don't go back and rest, you'll go home..."

It was because of the carriage that came into the area where I could not distinguish the piano without fear.

Wagon?

Why is there a carriage in a place like this?

Even in the deep forest, it is not hard to understand because it is not a place where wagons are so rough that they cannot enter, but they usually chose to stop or take a detour when there is such an abnormally sudden fall.

If you're a suicidal person, or if you have a way to avoid my thunder.

But it didn't take much time to get those thoughts out of my head.

knights escorting the running carriage and its carriage And it's because they found a series of black swarms that followed, killing the knights little by little from the back.

That's...

Did he realize the existence of the carriage with me? Persek's eyes glistened.

Davey, it's an Imperial emblem.

As she said.

a sentence embossed at the top of a carriage door

It is usually a symbol of family or belonging. The problem is that the color of the sentence is platinum.

In this continent, there is only one person who can wear a platinum pattern on a carriage.

a royal family

The Contas Empire is a western pass thousands of kilometers away.

Then there are only two empires that can think of.

the Palan Empire and the Lindis Empire, which is located in the East Continent.

The pattern is not recognizable, but it was clear that the carriage was an imperial family and that the imperial family was being chased by unidentified assassins.

Ignore Davey. If you're an assassin who's after the Imperial family of the Empire, the enemy is no ordinary, and if you provoke them for nothing, there's a very different danger than it is now.

Despite her worrying words, my eyes were stuck in a carriage.

It was because I could see someone looking outside looking rigidly through the window of the carriage.

The girl, who looked only in her mid-to-late teens, had a slender frame and brilliant turquoise hair, unlike her modest clothes, was uniquely wearing a mask that covered her entire face.

Not only that, but also white gloves on the hand. He could only be seen as hiding his existence completely.

And, strangely enough, this refreshing energy that cleans my whining head...

Well, this scent tastes like a spirit temple.

"Um......."

My troubles didn't last long.

Davey?

Hey, hey!

Magic Circle that resonates at high speed once again.

Gathering the almost-disappeared power of thunderstorms, I immediately left a mark on top of the assassins chasing the wagon, and gathered all the remaining mana and set up a judo wizard.

Loud rumbling!!!

At the same time, a huge thunderstorm, unprecedented in comparison, began to hit assassins.

They probably don't even know what they died of, even if they saw it.

You wouldn't think this ridiculous natural disaster was caused by someone's intentions.

For the time being.

"Oh, my! My hand slipped."

.......

"Oh, I don't know! I didn't see anything!"

In the meantime, it seemed like I ran into her invisible eyes over the girl's mask in the carriage, but it didn't seem to be a big problem.

"Persek."

I quietly called her as I was looking at the wagon that disappeared far away from the assassins.

What's wrong with you...

"Let's... Let's take a break."

Davy!!

At the end of that remark, my view of falling to the ground slowly began to blur.

Every time I do something big, I get extremely sleepy.

Sadly, I felt like I couldn't expect a rise in the field as I did in the previous Holy Magic.

Sometimes I can't shake off the idea that I'm stupid, too.

* * *

To put it bluntly, it was a really comfortable sleep.

You usually sleep comfortably when you sleep, but what are you talking about?

However, if you feel better, you may wake up from the sound of crawling bugs in your sleep.

It has a good sense of sharpness.

"Whoa..."

On the other hand, when you want to rest, you can't rest properly because of your sensitivity.

In other words, I want to goof around, but my body reacts first.

It was the calm forest that I could see as I slowly looked up after sighing tiredly.

"Persec?"

Oh! Davey's awake!

As she raised her head blankly, she was approaching with a large leaf in the air with rainwater in her mouth.

She can't exercise physical force other than me, which is an energy body or symbiotic relationship, but she was able to handle power like a poltergeist phenomenon from time to time using maggie, the source of her power.

At first, it was just a slight movement of thin paper, but it was clear that the power grew a little over time.

Drink some water first.

"Oh... thank you, I've rested so well that it's neat. How long did I sleep?"

It's only a couple of hours, but...

She smiled bitterly at the end of her speech.

At least there would be a lot of trouble in the Ordem territory.

"That's right."

Speaking calmly, I immediately climbed up the tree and climbed up to a high place.

Fortunately or not, they didn't send a chase immediately.

No, it wouldn't have been easy to get the troops out of Barris' absence.

"Let's go back. You must be worried."

At my words, Persec looked at me disapprovingly, but in the end, he said nothing.

* * *

"Brother!!"

It was a little surprising.

As soon as I entered the territory, I welcomed myself because it was not Young Ji-min or the guard of the territory, but Barris himself.

He's been away since I came here, so when did he come back?

"What, Barris, when did you get back?"

"It hasn't been long since I came back! But... are you all right?!"

"Hmm?"

The man, who was floundering at my words, sighed with relief.

On the surface, except for the bloodstains on my body, there must have been no major problems.

"I'm glad I didn't get hurt. I don't know how surprised I was. Winley and Julis V were left alone in Count Lington's facility hidden in the woods..."

The man with a blurry tongue gnawed his teeth.

"I heard later that only two people escaped and remained. I was about to set up a rescue team and leave."

You couldn't have come.