86 # 86

The Manreb hero is coming back!

four volumes and ten episodes

At this point, it was clear that it was late even if you swung the blade up or down.

only

Everything that does not exist in the material system can be cut.

As he prepared, the problem is that I have plenty of ways to catch him who runs beyond two dimensions.

Screechuck!!

Manna's strong-spirited movement stopped for a moment with a gruesome sound.

Then Count Linton, hardened by a strange foreign object, opened his eyes to the red-headed road with a yellow black blade stuck in his throat.

"What's going on..."

"500 gold coins if you're curious."

Whoooooo!

Red blood splashed about the control room.

35. I wanted to try this.

Drum roll!!!

About 200 cavalrymen quickly crossed the gate of the Ordem site and entered the territory.

"Down! Dead body!"

"What the hell is going on in the meantime... Baron Gorneo!!!"

At the same time, on top of the horse that was at the forefront, a boy threw off his pitch and shouted hurriedly.

The boy's identity was none other than Wynth's twin brother and Davy's brother, Barris, the real lord of the Ordem estate.

My return is much later than I thought.

"Search! Knights 1 and 3 quickly arrest Earl Linton and Count Colio! If you resist, don't overdo it! Get back! And the 2nd Battalion will search for Baron Gorneo! Find and protect the rest of them!"

"Yes!!"

"Don't forget! What we do is not a showdown! Get more than one!"

After answering vigorously, he rushed to the horse, leaving the quickly dispersing articles.

Most of the residents were put down all their livelihoods and taken into quarantine facilities put down all their livelihoods.

As a result, the land, which was quite lively, has become so calm that it will only be dusted in a few days.

I don't know what happened.

The bloodstains everywhere and the bodies of the members of the Order of Extinction showed that someone had slaughtered them.

Without confidence, did Lington do something and collide with Baron Goneo's knights?

As you rush in, scratching your complicated head, the amount of bodies increases.

As he reached the clinic in a pale state, he soon opened his eyes when he saw a mountain of bodies piled up.

"Well... they're all knights, right?"

Not one or two, but dozens.

At this point, it was fair to say that most of the extinction knights on the land had died.

Varys' behavior inside the clinic, as if possessed, was relentless.

You'll be infected by the respiratory tract. Despite the prevalence of the known disease, it didn't matter much to his urgent mind.

And when he entered the clinic in a hurry, he could see it.

Baron Gorneo, who is treating patients silently and calmly as if he is not interested in what's outside.

"Lord Gorneo!"

"Hmm? No! Prince Barris, are you back?"

Varys' eyes wiggled in such an easy tone.

"Yes, as the baron said, I have searched all the bases of the wild enemy and found evidence. I know you sent the whole West first, but what happened?"

His cry was full of questions about the current situation, and about the mass of dead knights outside.

Baron Goneo joined a little later after the disease control team first came here.

Barris, who had been anxiously waiting every day after he was forced to transfer most of his authority because the condition of the estate was not a word, heard one question that was hard to believe from Baron Gorneo who came later.

It is possible that someone deliberately spread the disease to the land by Count Linton.

Later, he left the territory under the pretext of preventing exposure to the disease.

There was a sense of relief that she would not come back, at least until Varys returned, as Winley, the only family he had to protect, had left.

After days of searching, Varys eventually found several potion bottles bearing the disease control team's marks buried underground.

And then he came back right away. It was him who wondered what the situation was.

"This is... what the hell happened?"

He asked angrily, calming down his surprised feelings as calmly as he asked.

"Prince David is here."

"Brother?"

"And you've developed a cure for the disease."

"......."

Varys' eyes opened wide at the surprising news.

"Yes, frankly, I was stunned. The prince solved the disease in just three days that our disease management team members had been hanging on for years and couldn't find a clue."

"Then the bodies of knights outside..."

"The problem comes from there. I think Earl Linton had a different mind there. I think he was trying to bury us by ordering his knights."

"The tongue... you are! Then what happened to Winnie?"

Baron Gorneo replied calmly to his fierce cry.

"Come on, calm down. There's nothing to worry about."

"It's not something to worry about! Disease control is important, but you and Winnie are more important to me! What about you, Winley? What happened to him!"

"Prince Barris..."

"You'll be safe, right? Tell me!! If two people... especially if the stupid, trustworthy Winley gets a little bit of trouble!"

There was a questionable voice in his ears in anger.

"What if it happens?"

"to avenge the war with the Empire..."

He stopped while burning his anger with bloodshot eyes.

Then he turned his head stiff like a broken machine.

"Well... Prince Barris seems to care much more about you than he said."

"Hey... you don't look good all of a sudden. Why..."

Silence reigned within the clinic.

* * *

Linton's eyes, which collapsed without knowing why his body was cut or how the magic that had already been worked, hardened.

His pupils were fixed on me as if he wanted to know his chagrin, but he was not willing to tell me about the fraudulent abilities of Cheng Dan in the ears of the dead.

You're a miserable corpse after all.

"If you're below human, you should be prepared to be like this. By the way, I wasn't going to kill you easily."

As I searched in the arms of Linton, I saw five or six small bottles of liquid.

It was a treatment for the fusion acceleration virus that I created for three days.

It's just me and Baron Gorneo who knows how to make this treatment.

He seemed to have kept the entire sample because he could not know exactly what the medicine was made of.

At least the value of this treatment will be considerable for now.

Davy, what are you going to do with this facility?

"You have to break everything..."

Whaaaah!

It didn't seem necessary.

What is this?!

Watching the facilities that began to shake in an instant, Hong Dan pulled out the blade to get it out.

Then he boldly cut the ceiling and rose up without hesitation.

"It's going to collapse without bothering me."

As he said.

Linton apparently tried to blow up the entire facility to destroy evidence before leaving.

And the explosive power from underground to his arrangement began to destroy the facility without a trace.

Davey, look over there.

While avoiding pouring debris like rain and bouncing up as a stepping stone, Persec's voice touched my ear on my shoulder.

"What's that?"

Kimmera...

The embarrassment of my face was dimmed by her muttering reflexively realizing what it was.

It seems that the Black Wizard was not anywhere else.

More than half of them are buried with collapsing facilities, but among them, those with flying capabilities or large size jumped out of the facility through the gap.

Krrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

Crying!!

The number began to grow from one or two to hundreds in an instant and soon headed somewhere as if they had made an appointment.

Ordem Land!

When she realized the direction, she opened her eyes wide and shouted, and without hesitation, I blocked the bizarre-looking Kimera, who was closest to me.

A giant monster measuring 4 to 5 meters in size.

He had muscles similar to Ouger, skin color like a troll, and bizarre forms that did not seem like basic life forms.

The head and the body are all messed up.

The head is attached to the chest and the eyes are attached to the shoulders. Other than that, there are things like mouth all over the body.

If a person with a weak stomach had seen it, he/she looked so miserable that he/she would have been nauseated.

Whooooooooooooooooooooh!

As soon as he found me, he came at me as he shouted not to disturb his way.

"It's fast. The power is no ordinary."

Two bang!!!

In an instant, my fist, which I dug into, smashed the area where it was supposed to be his head, crushed his body and exploded it.

It wasn't completely smashed, but it was quite a fatal blow that caused him to faint lightly, but my face was not light.

"That's hard. Extremely shortening your life and maximizing your performance.

If it's used in a short period of time...

"It may have gone over a bit."

It's not really my business without a direct relationship.

However, the monsters that have sprung out now and scattered in all directions are heading to the land of Ordem, using the forest as a shield.

"Oh... well, it's hard to catch every one of these guys in this vast forest."

Why don't you go back quickly and defend yourself?

Some of them were similar to the one that spewed fireballs.

However, if left unchecked, even if I join, there will be considerable damage.

My troubles didn't last long.

When I looked up at the sky, I was full of black luck as it was about to rain.

"Humidity, moderate."

Without a word, he reached into the air and stimulated Manna slightly, and a light spark splashed lightly.

"Let's go with this."

If there is no way, make it and stop it.

Shouldn't we keep what we said once?

[5 Circle]

[Fly]

It's a magic that consumes a lot of money, but when I expressed Manna with moderately stimulating things, my body slowly began to rise up due to intangible power.

At the same time, he picked up Hong Dan and swept away the black mask quietly.

"Come on, Hong Dan, I'm sorry, but let's borrow Anna."

Common sense is that you cannot use large-scale magic with only five circles of power.

However, if you just bring what's already been made, you'll be able to get enough of a five-circle wizard or a seven-circle manna from Hongdan's mana.

I quickly flew into the air and passed the chimeras, blocked the way for them to come, flew Hongdan in the air, and bumped my hands loudly.