80 # 80

The Manreb hero is coming back!

The Four Books and Four Episodes

"Oh, my God... I can't believe it!"

He shouted as he was looking at the liquid that turned red with an exclamation.

"Did you really make a vaccine?" No way... any medication didn't work!"

Not once, never.

"I wish I had a microscope... ...but I don't have one."

He doesn't know what a microscope is. The only thing that matters is.

"An antibody... an antibody! In the meantime, all the leading members of Congress have jumped into this field, but the first thing I gave up was antibodies!"

"It's not easy."

The smile of his smile made a sigh from the mouth of Baron Gorneo.

There is a system in the human body that remembers the virus once it has penetrated and prepares it for the following: It is the relation between antigen and antibody.

However, this vicious disease that Baron Gorneo knew could not produce antibodies.

Of course, he was an excellent congressman, so he had tried it several times, but the result was all a failure.

But what is this in front of us?

The results of the three years spent trying to find a solution to the disease are imminent.

"Ha...... but this is not something that can be made so quickly......"

"I usually put something that's not used in medicine. Baron Gorneo, can I tell you something interesting?"

Davy grinned as he took off his hand touching the girl's head.

Then he applied the transparent liquid he had made on a thin needle and poked it over the dark blue blood.

Then something strange began to happen.

The dark blue liquid moved away from the needle as if it were running away and began to clump into one place.

Then, the dark blue color faded and what remained was originally human red liquid, or blood.

"In fact, this fusion acceleration virus."

To be exact, it is right to say that it is a creature that strategically targets the human body with the will to survive.

It's also a very bad parasite.

The explanation shook Baron Gorneo's eyes without hesitation.

"So if you want to do anything, you need to completely break this damn parasite's energy."

a completely unexpected direction

All you need is a few herbs. And some poisonous plants that are known to never be used as medicine.

"Ha-ha, at first, I had a hard time finding herbs because they had different names."

Baron Gorneo heard the following, and even the Wynnri Wangnyeo and Julis V, who were listening to the story together.

Everyone thought the same thing.

Where did they find it?

* * *

How much do you know, and what else do you know?

The baroness, who was trying to talk behind his back, closed her mouth with a worried look.

This is how it looks like an interrogation.

As if he knew everything from his perspective, Davy handed out the test tubes he had prepared.

"The dose per person is one-fifth. Take medication so that 50 people can be accurately divided per bottle. I have a scale, so can I ask you to do this much?"

"Oh, yes."

"Just once you put it in, you can't fly away because it's completely cured. You need to take it regularly to a certain extent. Well, the prescription for the medicine is as written down. I airlifted the ingredients and brought them to this backyard, so please feel free to use them."

It's not my money anyway, but I've charged it to the disease control team.

He couldn't laugh at the playful words.

You're so calm.

It's a disease that so many lawmakers gave up with their tongues out.

The boy, who is still blue, solved it in only three days.

Baron Gorneo was black in the face.

On the contrary, I felt motivated as a medical student for a long time.

And he looked with his eyes wide open and his head drooped, throwing away his original purpose and his self-esteem, which had been at some point in his life as a member of parliament.

"Ma... leave it to me!"

That was all he could say.

Later, word began to spread throughout the territory that Prince Davy had finally completed the cure for the terrible disease.

* * *

"Did you hear that?"

"Oh, the news."

Linton smiled, the man who answered with a leisurely glass of wine.

"Yeah, the common people were so noisy. You said you were a saint who drove the devil away. Haha, it's certainly not weird to be called a saint because of the scar."

"......."

"Wasn't my eyes correct? The Prince of the Kingdom of Loun has solved the problem that the disease control team had left unsettled."

It's been three days.

Linton's face was full of interest as he mumbled behind the scenes.

"What are you going to do?"

"What?"

"I'm saying it doesn't matter if you leave it like this."

There is no problem. In principle. As a result, Prince Davy was given back his authority through negotiations with Linton and successfully treated.

Of course, I could have refused, but Linton was more than proud to have seen quite a few people.

Perhaps even if he continued to stop him, it was clear that he made a bold choice enough to show a different way.

"This is how medicine develops again."

"Hmm..."

"It's a task that some of the leading members of the Continent have been struggling with. I wasn't actually able to come up with a solution. It's a vicious disease that can be left as a result of the disease forever."

Sincerity does not work, and if medication is taken incorrectly, it becomes a poison and leads to death of the death.

The process of dying is also disastrous.

"In the hands of a boy who is not even 20 years old, mankind has overcome this great crisis. There's been no problem thanks to the extremely rare cases, but now the blood of the devil... or the fusion acceleration virus? It's like I've lost my power."

The problem is that the boy under the age of 20 has developed a cure.

If this fact is known, Count Linton's image falls considerably.

Is that all?

The image of all those involved in this field will inevitably fall.

They didn't do anything wrong, but as a result, an outsider finished the job in a flash.

Knock, knock!

"Who is it!"

It was then.

When a knight rushed over the open door, Count Colio burst into a roar.

"I'm... I'm sorry! It's a flash!"

"Come on, don't get too mad. Count Colio. All right. Go ahead. What's going on?"

Even in this situation, Count Colio's face was frowned if he did not like Linton's relaxed behavior.

"Well... that's... the patients who were given the new drug that Prince Davy developed..."

"Hooh? Is something wrong?"

"No! They're making rapid progress..."

ﬁ... ﬁﬁ!!!

The knight wearing a bizarre hood with only a hole in his eye fell down, sprinkling blood. Count Colio's sword flashed.

"I don't like it."

At the same time, Lington, who was smiling, murmured low.

"I'm a horse. Count Colio."

"Tell me."

"I'm a congressman, and I'm talking about fixing people, fixing politics."

Then Linton rose from his seat.

Then he looked out of the window with his back in his hand and murmured quietly.

"Let's do a little surgery. If we keep going like this, we'll be cut off from supporting us, right?"

His eyes flashed with a gruesome smile and madness.

He received a considerable amount of money for the treatment of the fusion accelerating accelerated virus. Then, part of it is used by him to accomplish other very valuable purposes.

Count Colio also held hands for the same purpose.

"So quietly and secretly. Let's dig into all the cases and deal with Baron Goneo, who was wary of us. Oh, and the one with the scar and the talented wizard of the tower, it's a very interesting subject. Don't kill me."

His agonizing smile on his lips became more gruesome.

"There's resistance, but Swordmaster can do it. Just overpower it. In the world, it's all right to say that Ordem was trampled and completely smashed by countless monsters."

We have to win each other. Don't you think so?

Lington smiled and muttered habitually.

* * *

"Orabani, do you know what the British people call you now? Holy Father, Holy Father!"

"That's true. I knew you were great, but I never thought you were well versed in medicine."

WINRI's smile, which twinkled her eyes, was so cute that she slightly pinched her cheek, and she heard a painful sound.

Ullis, who was fixed her eyes on Winley, smiled.

"The more I know about you, the more fascinating you are. But how did you know?"

"What?"

I asked while I was slowly organizing the data and dividing liquids to be used as medicine.

"Well... the fusion acceleration virus. It's as if the prince already knew about the disease."

"First of all, yes."

"Orabani! So you can save Portna, too?"

"Of course. It's actually the most serious case, so you need to be treated first."

Baron Gorneo is away for dosing.

He is a man of apparently strict character and very vigilant character, but I was respectful of his will.

'That's not a good faith.'

Good intentions...

Count Linton was a seemingly very inclusive man.

If he didn't notice the sense of jealousy hidden in his smile, he would not have suspected it at all.

However, he actually felt more like a researcher than a lawmaker.

On the contrary, Baron Goneo was blocked, but he wanted to respect his commitment to medicine.

Maybe that's why.

I also seemed to have treated him with relative ease in his manner of being quite rough.

Since you've had extremely little contact with someone new, from now on, you just have to meet new people and grow up.

The only one in the world who can understand me and I can understand me.

One warm word from Persek gave him a smile.

"By the way, barris, where the hell is this guy? I heard he led the soldiers out of the compound."

"He has a lot of work to do."

Winley grumbled, puffing his cheeks to see if he didn't like Varys' absence.

"By the way, Prince Davey, is there anything I can do to help?"

"That's right, brother! All I've been doing here is just watching. So please help me do something."

I nodded after agonizing over what they said.

"Please adjust the temperature of the heating solutions over there."

"Temperature... you mean?"

Both of them know the magic of the Red Tower, so this should not be difficult.