84 # 84

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 8 of the Four Books

However, there was also grace to ignore such lineage in super-high-level sexual magic above the 7th rank.

The three forces I have now.

It is divine magic that has ironically achieved the greatest growth between divine power, commanding mana, and ordinary mana.

Thanks to his 9th-degree sex magic.

Ulysses, who had been losing consciousness, opened his eyes wide and slowly looked up at me as if he was surprised by the warmth that suddenly covered his body.

"Eh... Prince Davy?"

"Do you have a prince in the middle of it?"

"What?"

"Thank you."

His face was dazed by my short thanks.

"I don't forget the grace."

Then he reached out his hand and slowly pulled out the blue jeans.

"And not forgetting my enemy."

His face seemed to be filled with surprise at my unexpectedly young.

* * *

[It's the most popular thing to hit where it hits the hardest]

But did you say that these technologies were made here?'

[Oh, yeah, it's Eva's hobby...] You know what? Stickman! I made it out of my mind when I saw it.

I can't believe this crazy fighting technique was made by looking at X-Raman.

It is surprising again.

Looking at Count Colio, who was beaten and silent for a moment, I passed the knight with a blank face and headed for Earl Linton.

"Prince David? How can I be here..."

"You know, you know. Without fear."

Hurry up!

"Huh? Huh?"

Two boom!

"I'm splashing my blood on Winley, so get out of my way."

Rington, whose arm flew away for a moment, opened his eyes.

And the intangible and powerful wind that flew before he panicked and screamed hit him to the back wall.

"Don't die."

I'm going to break through the whole time.

I looked at the articles in front of me, swallowing the back.

"How many people have been daunted by a single person?"

No matter how much the blind say that there is no business in front of the woodpecker.

I don't know who the blind man is, but I don't think he would have said that.

The slight disregard made her mouth pout.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

Rington, who is screaming from afar, and Count Colio, who is stuck in a wall and can't stand up easily, and finally, knights looking at me with dumb faces.

It's quite an interesting sight.

"Eh......how could you possibly be here...... or more than that's it! They're dangerous!"

Ulysses shouted urgently at my relaxed expression.

"Just take care of yourself."

"Davie!"

"What, what are you doing? Kill that damn bastard!! Kill him!

Lington fell on the floor, struggling, and shouted evil.

The knights, who had been wary, soon lifted the sword with a nervous look.

"Davie! They're all masters of wheel warfare! Watch out! ...."

"Huck..."

"LOL..."

It's like an expansion.

There is a great difference in realization only with the sword.

A knight who uses a sword is not a profession that holds so much mana.

I have to think about the difference in basic physical abilities, but I haven't been playing in the whole time.

Three Strains buffs are gone.'

The ignorant buff magic that is carved into the body in a series of overlays, and Hong Dan-yi's keenness, are covering it.

They seemed to have tried to stop my attack once and step down, but as a result, they couldn't get away from me until their necks were blown up.

"Is it self-destructive these days for a wheelchair?"

When asked sarcastically, the faces of the drivers began to turn blue.

Every time I saw red eyes and red eyes flashed, my colleagues were dying sprinkling blood, so many people must have been afraid to attack recklessly.

"What... what is this?"

Ullis must have looked incredible, too.

"Prince Davy... what are you..."

The situation would not have been easy for him to understand.

He had a ridiculous situation going on in front of his eyes.

"Huh... What are you doing? Come on, kill him!"

Despite Linton's screaming words, it was obvious that even the articles could not be approached carelessly this time.

At a time when the third quarter of the battle collapsed with blood sprinkled on just two attacks, what is the meaning of a wheel war?

It can be said that wheel warfare is the one that makes the opponent tired by hitting and falling out and changing the offensive.

But once you dig in for a check, you die in droves, and this isn't an enemy of wheel warfare.

It's like a fire moth.

"Hmm..."

"Something's weird, isn't it?"

The knights caved in at my words.

"That's right, I saw it right."

At the same time, he grabbed Chungdan and Hongdan and pressed hard for the floor.

"It's time for Hongdan, Chengdan, to play."

I'm going to play with you!]

[Woman... Blue Dandi!] I'll help you!]

[Super Central Prosecutor]

[Lee Swordsman]

[Mountain Break.]

Squeeze!!

A bell-cutting placenta split, which poured everything into the bayonet, was lowered into two waves on the two-carved circumference.

Surprised by the huge oracle blade that quickly became huge, the members of the Abandoned Knights quickly lit up the oracle and blocked it.

If it's hard for one person to stop, two people,

If it's hard for two people to stop it, more than that.

All the knights who realized that it was reflexively dangerous attacked, but they overlooked one thing.

'Benda.'

I don't know...

Whether or not a sword is not simply cut off due to a lack of strength, but rather divided into pieces as if it were cutting off paper sheets of paper.

And what they saw when they came to their senses after overlooking it was their own bodies, losing their heads and collapsing.

Whoo!

The gruesome sound spread everywhere, and the white walls and floors turned red.

It was a scene of a brutal massacre, but not a single person was disgusted by the sight of it.

a frosty sound

As soon as the surroundings were cleared up, I drew Hong Dan, who approached Winnie's side, cut off the rope that was holding Winnie's body, and returned to where Ullis was.

"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

Is it because of the short toss and turn?

WINRI's eyes, which had passed out in my arms, trembled and slowly opened.

"Oh... oh... Ravenny?"

She looked up at me with a short exclamation and looked surprised at my face.

"Are you hurt?"

"Yes? Ah... yes."

Winley, who was mumbling blankly without any idea what had happened, soon opened his eyes wide to the terrible bloodshed that pricked his nose.

Then I looked around and looked at my face.

"Oh... my brother! What is this... Argh! Brother!"

Win-ri, who was muttering with a surprised face, shouted with her eyes wide open.

The place she looks at behind me.

It was a very short moment, but I could see the Earl of Colio, who had just fainted behind my back, wielding a sword.

Crying!!!

Although it was said to have been prevented by lifting the sword reflexively, the Buff magic effect surely could have been a little too much to follow his muscular strength, so my body was pushed away for a considerable distance.

"Oh... my brother! Are you okay?!"

I was so surprised that Winnie, whose eyes were wide open, looked so precarious that she would have burst into tears if she had a scratch on my body right away.

"Mr. Ullis."

"......."

In response, I called Ulys quietly and sat Wynry beside him and said quietly.

"Don't let Winnie get hurt."

"Ma... leave it to me."

I gave him a moderate nod when he was shaking and answering, so I lightly bent my neck.

Thud... thud.

The stiff joints of the bones twist and a heavy sound resonates.

"The Gersodmaster was a cheap backstabbing."

"Your sword, that sword."

You don't think he's a master.

"That's too dangerous a sword for a child to play with."

"What a baby."

"I'll take the sword."

He, who spoke sternly, came back in with a gruesome rage.

Even if the surprise attack was blocked, he is a sodmaster. Maybe he's not the guy who's good at head-to-head competition.

And I also have a case where I'm good at head-to-head games.

'If you just cut it, it'll kill you too soon.'

Looking down at the sword I was holding in my hand, I quietly nodded and threw Hongdan and Cheongdan in both hands.

The direction was behind Count Colio. There was Count Linton.

Boom!

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Linton, who had been running away slowly, is stuck in the wall again and digs into the gap of Count Colio, who faltered in surprise at the scream.

Then he made a strong step forward.

Two bang!!!

Another shot on an empty stomach.

"Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk!

He rolls around the floor several times and can't breathe, but he is struggling to get up.

However, it is only welcome to me if the towering that occurs even if hit becomes a sandbag.

Poof!!

"Huh!"

He bounced off again without even screaming.

With a fist that penetrated the palate, he rolled around the floor, not even defending himself.

It's hard to even breathe, but it's not easy to defend.

And the moment when he falters and loses his posture.

"Huh?"

Without a doubt, my fist digs into my stomach.

"Luck... ..kkkkk!"

He stumbles with his red, bloodshot eyes. I got down on my knees.

"You... you punk!!!"

He shouted in a rage.

"Stop staring at the stomach, you little bastard!"

His fitful cry sent me to the bottom of the floor and penetrated him on his knees.

Reflectively, you protect your stomach with your hand that's missing the sword, but...

This time, his knees, not fists, dig into his guard.

"There's no such thing as a fight."

Once again, a heavy blow to the stomach exploded.

* * *

He must have endured a series of hitting points because he is a sodmaster.

Although there is a fairly small house, he was disappointingly weak.

Because he's not good enough?

It wasn't like that. Rather, he was a general of the Lindis Empire, which had been raging in the past, and then made a name for himself as the Knights of the Imperial Household.

However, even though he had noticed this from the beginning, he could not find half of his old strength.

It's the same thing for a man who's been pushing me up and failing to do it's the same thing.

a person sentenced to the termination of a sword

Juhwajima, which is experienced by those who are not prepared for themselves and try to raise the situation too much.

There is no word for a coin mouth in the world, but the phenomenon itself is similar.