95 # 95

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 19 of the Four Books

And now that we've been briefed on the Duke of Barieta's movements in the main territory, it's going to happen soon.

"Davie? Where are you going?"

"Would you like to come with me?"

Basically, it's something that alchemists will be more enthusiastic about, but it'll be quite interesting for him as a wizard.

In my words, Ullis got up from his seat without hiding his anticipated expression of what I was showing again.

"What... what is it? Take me with you!"

Then, the determined, sticky-headed Ilyna, the princess, followed her with a crisp tone.

I don't know, but it won't be a big problem because it will be a fun sight.

* * *

My permanent residence is a very old building.

It was the place where my mother, Queen Lenny Alischard, lived as a child and was also the home of my mother's ancestor, Baron Alischard.

However, because the life span of the building had been extremely narrowed due to long-term neglect, the eight elder Golda, who tried to repair and extend the permanent residence, threw up his flag and started building a new permanent residence.

That's where I arrived.

"Oh! Master! Here you are you!

"It's really high in the meantime."

"Hmm! Although my teacher's skills are very humble, I have the delicacy of a basic race."

The new permanent residence was different in size from the previous permanent residence.

It has a lot of materials and bought a lot of magic tools to assist in the construction.

The speed is also unusual thanks to the mobilization of so many craftsmen and workers.

"I was satisfied with the 7th floor because there's also the basement. Do you like it?"

"I'm all ears. I'm just so grateful for your help."

"Hahahahaha! The work of a teacher is the work of our Yellow Rock tribe! The old man said hello to me."

"The elder Golgoda?"

"The new product is almost in its final stages."

the first flash of light

It is a creature of dwaff and a spiritual supporter who has been protecting dwaffs for more than 3,000 years.

I've built up the basic goals and skeletons, but the future is up to them.

It seemed like it was not a big deal because I made a great contribution to the completion of the vaguely blocked new body.

It seemed only a matter of time before the completion of the second new building, named the embers of the halo.

"D...Dwarf! I've seen it a few times on the land."

Dwarf is famous for not leaving his village.

In other words, it was not easy to meet them even though they were clearly aware of the fact that there was a tribe called Dwarf.

Of course, as there are geeks, there are dwaffes who have come out of the world, but they are like natural monuments that are hard to see.

It's different from the hidden elf.

"I've never seen you in real life. Me too...."

The three people who followed me looked at Golda with a curious look.

"Hmm? Who are these people?"

Of course, human positions are meaningless because they are dwaffes.

"These are my guests. And this is my brother, Winley."

"Oh... hello. I'm Winley Allan."

"Oh! You're not the one my teacher was so proud of!"

Golda, who had been waddling, held Winri's hand with her blunt hands and laughed loudly.

"I've heard my teacher give me a ticket to brag about Princess Winley! What a lovely human being!"

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

Perhaps embarrassed, Win-ri turned red as she looked at me and Golda alternately.

"And this one?"

"The Elder of the Red Tower and the Queen of the Palan Empire."

"Well... high people, I don't care! Hahahahahahaha!

"Well... this is the first time I've felt so shabby."

On the contrary, Illina, who was completely out of her interest, complained quietly that her handling was strangely cold.

"Hmm! This is not going to happen, can you show me the construction situation?"

"No, actually, I heard that the materials have arrived at the workshop we made underground."

"Oh, you mean the beggar, I see. I'll give it to you in advance."

"Thank you. Don't overwork yourself. Hines Land is targeted at clean enterprises."

"The only thing we can do with the yellow rock is the body if we lose strength to our son! You fuckers! did not, therefore, closely linked to pijuktto Let's move quickly and show our pride!"

Ullis smiled vainly as she saw Golda smiling again, waving her hand and leaving.

"That's great. It looks like a storm has come and gone."

The Dwarf guys have great voices.

Among them, Elder Golda's voice is more than just a decent warp, so anyone who sees it for the first time deserves to be discouraged.

"Let's go."

Seeing the workers constantly running around and working, I entered the first floor, which was almost completed, and moved to the stairs leading to the basement.

"That's huge... ...and it won't collapse, will it?"

I've heard a question from Illina nervously, uh...

"Huh, it's a warp, isn't it? Dwarf, the building that Dwarf is building is not a good construction."

"Well... you are."

It was the Ilyna dusk who forced a nod to Winley's words.

As I took the three people to the basement, a wide underground corridor with Mana Stone and other lights stuck in it emerged.

The amount of money you put into making this is enormous. The term "money-for-nothing"...

'A giant private workshop is Gongdol's dream, don't sell it like that.

I spent quite a bit of money on the workshop, if nothing else. I have no regrets!

The interior, which was brightened with numerous mana stones, was over 10 meters high and had a considerable space.

"But is it possible to build a building like this?"

Illina has been murmuring uneasily. If we put too much effort into building technology, it will collapse.

"There's nothing you can't do with alchemy and magic-dwarf architecture."

Automatic regeneration magicians, automatic recovery magicians, increased strength, impact mitigation, earthquake-resistant designs!

It's so deep that it's a natural bunker!

As confidence hits the sky, the bridge of the nose naturally.

I'much...

LOL!!

When the tightly closed door switch was activated, the sound of the teeth turning smoothly came up slowly, emitting a green color above it.

Decepticon squadron containment workshop. Open it.

As a clear voice as if someone had recorded it flowed out of the bead, there was a sign of flinching around.

It is originally a recording magic tool, but it is enough to be a guide depending on how it is used.

"Wow, a futuristic workshop. It always makes me feel good."

Don't you call that a bluff?

There is nothing that can't be mixed with Gongdol's soul and yame.

* * *

That's the play!

The automation workshop. The place with the form of a huge hall was literally a huge space.

Various tables were placed on the wall, stacked with numerous medicine bottles and paper bundles, and one side was filled with tools that were not cleaned up.

Lolrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

Even after the door was completely opened, there were still things to change.

The three could not erase their blank facial expressions because of the hectic internal structure.

Surely, even wizards and empress can hardly see such a ridiculous space.

It is a space where the head has been rolled quite a bit.

It is literally a space filled with Gongdol's greed.

There is nothing great in terms of efficiency, but the attempt itself was very good.

Whoo... Whoo...

The workshop has been opened.

Once again, someone's voice sounded like a recording.

It is a system designed to work magic tools that record certain voices when opening and closing doors simply, but it is quite elegant.

Of course, the recording wizard is not cheap, so it's a lot of money.

Who says I'll spend money on my hobby?

That's what I really think.

"Oh, my God... I've seen a lot of different workshops, but..."

"It's kind of amazing......"

The faces of the three people, who admired each other without any ulterior motive, were filled with novelty and interest.

"Oh! Master! Welcome."

"I've been waiting for you!"

It was not long before the door was fully opened and closed, and three or four Dwarfs working inside walked back and forth toward me.

Originally, Golda was responsible for managing this place, but he was also a busy man.

"Yes, I heard the ingredients have arrived."

"Hmm! I'm just getting ready for the cladding process. Would you like to take a look?"

A Dwarf craftsman proudly pointed to a huge pile of cloth on one side.

"Davie, what the hell is that?"

"This is the Guardian."

"Guardian... Golem?"

Ullis, who was muttering as if to understand what I meant, opened her eyes wide.

Golem.

It is an excellent weapon made by combining the technology of the sorcerer's magic team and the alchemist with a giant bottle made of mainly solid mud or steel.

In fact, some countries operated small golem units during the war.

"That's the size of a first-class golem! The cost of maintenance would be equivalent to half a year's profit..."

"Was it that expensive?"

It didn't actually cost much money because it was recycled after throwing away all the unnecessary labor costs.

Where did you get it and recycle it?

The Mado Golem of the cave, which had a medium of curse, became a part of this man.

All I did was a little renovation, reinforcement, and modification.

It was not long before a huge sculpture began to be seen in everyone's sight as the pile of cloth was removed.

What I saw on the front page was not a golem, but rather a sculpture made of unique metal.

"Hmm? Isn't that just a sculpture?"

"You're right, brother?"

"I didn't name it or paint it, but it should be given to me by my teacher."

"That's right. Let's name it a prototype megatron."

"That's the name of the etymology! You have a good sense of naming!"

He then giggled and climbed the ladder over the huge sculpture.

"I've put a small glove on it, but I haven't tested it yet, so I'm leaving it unattended."

When I quietly climbed up to the top of the sculpture, put my hand on the head, and pulled Manna up, a large amount of manna began to link up and change began to take place.

Cheek!! Tackling! Tackling!

"Oh, my God..."

"That's... that's a golem?"

I heard the voices of Julis and Illina who were embarrassed.

Surely, it won't be easily forgotten that a statue-like sculpture suddenly changes slowly, creating dozens of cracks.

Tackling! Tackling!

It was not long before each metal covered with parts moved and took on the form of a huge human being.