99 # 99

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 23 of the Four Books

"Why?"

"You asked for help, didn't you?"

"Oh... no, that's not it."

"Let's get to it first. Your organization is primarily responsible for rare and dangerous man-hunting, right?"

"How..."

"It may be related to the horse-riding, which is generally not accessible, and there may be many types of humans who are secretly organized enough to not be able to give their names. Is that right?"

"Well... yeah!"

"That's enough."

I can't plant data myself, so I need people who have the skills of Illina. Furthermore, if we target objects that are not human but heterogeneous, the data will be collected in a lot of data will be collected in large quantities.

It's a great opportunity to get a lot of data! Don't ever miss it.'

......the only thing in your head is the development of his land......

Golem is further strengthened. In other words, the defense of the territory becomes strong.

His position becomes stronger and his voice becomes stronger.

Afterwards, no matter what you do, you will be less likely to be checked by force.

Rather, it is a great opportunity to collect data from talented individuals in one place.

"I do it my way. I do it my way. It doesn't matter, does it?

* * *

"Gain."

Laughter escaped without a moment's hesitation.

Davey, I'm sure you don't know that Last Whispe is a generic term for secret organizations. Getting involved with them inevitably means constraints...

"That's why it's better."

I answered while standing up confidently and working on the magicians that make up the megatron.

Better?

"Yeah, I'm sorry to hear that he's..."

Bam! Bam! Bam!

The hard metal plates showed off their presence with excitement.

"He can't come out of the world yet. No marbles, no marbles, no arrangements."

Megatron-class golems are completely different from the fact that they manifest the moon's grass and scarring.

A war weapon that is less than the master's if it is made as it is now modified.

As soon as it is made, there will be endless problems around special Maddo Golems such as Megatron.

The issue of nuclear weapons on Earth was not noisy for nothing.

The golem, which can be operated semi-permanently, has such a risk if it can be handled as much as possible and is managed on the outer deck with powerful force.

I had to become strong or build a foundation to a level that was normal even after at least being checked.

"And you're looking for this guy to collect data? Never, that's why I'm using this side."

Most of Illinois' apprenticeships in Last Whispe are still children, even though they had a coming-of-age ceremony.

But their talents must have been quite different from what they had seen in the Principality of Felicity before.

Last Whispe, as long as he's talented, will not cover the range from the Imperial to the Slaves.

And there's a wide range, so if you could just extract combat data against them...

At least the combat data will be almost complete.

What I want is not completed data but various data. It is different from when heroes with many experiences, such as in the corridor, arbitrarily implemented their rivals.

It wasn't just that.

"There is a possibility of contact with at least extremely rare objects."

In addition, even if they are surprised by the existence of megatron, they will drink water if they reveal it recklessly.

Two birds with one stone, two birds with one stone.

Whew... Davey, even if it's all good, it doesn't take your safety into account...

"Is there a problem?"

She flinched at my question.

"Wow... Abu... ..."

I rubbed my sleepy eyes and sat on his knees while hugging the blue Dan that came to me, and pinched his cheeks lightly.

"It can't be."

Uncharted threat? At least I've met them more than once.

Unless it's a transcendental recapture or an assassination.

* * *

I'm so happy to do you a favor. Was he embarrassed or frustrated to be thrown away?

She only told me that she would leave in two weeks and then returned to a weak state.

Two weeks, if long, is long, if short, is short, but it was not enough to do other things because it was choked up.

"A used violence first. And in anger, B pulled out his weapon and the accident got bigger. The cause seems to be... a simple quarrel, but..."

"There's a case of violence in this period? Put them both in jail, next."

"With one child, two women have asked for judgment... ...because they're both his biological mothers."

"Tell them to split it in half, they'll give up on their biological mother. Next."

"......really?"

"Of course you're lying, the Pension Society has told you to call me if you can help, so ask them."

"I sent you a gift from the top of Petrode. I want to buy a lot of land that hasn't been developed yet."

"It's a real estate speculation at some point, Zilla. Next."

"This is a report from the Monmeeder Guards Captain, but Goblin Burak has been found......"

"I took out some guards yesterday, so let's pass. Next."

Was it funny to see myself judging without hesitation but not taking my eyes off the document?

Cook very small from the girl who was preparing tea on one side! I heard a laugh.

"Hmm!"

Of course, he bowed his head in amazement at the uncomfortable false cough of General Bernil.

The girl in a maid's uniform with blue hair flustered when she realized her rudeness.

It's definitely an ordinary impression, but why does it feel like a girl wearing a mask that I saw in the forest the other day?

Well, this is the scent of a senior spirit!

Unlike other existing beings, spirits differ from the scent of mana.

These days, maids sign middle-class spirits and have good abilities. And he's not even human.

"I'm... I'm sorry! Degraded!"

"God did wrong in his education. What are you doing? Get him out of here!

"No, people have to smile. Let's not be sharp about that."

"I'm sorry."

Flustered with a perplexed face, she looked quite taken aback, but in my eyes she seemed to be enjoying the situation.

To make a simple comparison, it's a relaxed feeling that comes from nature.

"It's all right, General Bernil. Now that you're talking about it, give me some. You have to do everything while eating, and with a little sugar in it, you'll be more efficient. Just search for a place that sells desserts downtown."

"I'll take your orders."

Existing young people tend to adapt well, but the new incoming young people are very busy with unnecessary complaints and demands.

Basically, they treat us fairly well, but if we stretch our heads, we also get anti-fans.

How long has it been since he managed the land by cutting it off like a knife?

The two weeks of agreement with Illinois went faster than expected.

* * *

The contact that Baron Goneo sent to the Lindis Empire due to the disease control team was surprising.

You must have been lucky. Apparently, there were assassins who attacked a carriage carrying the Imperial family of Lindis.

"Hmm..."

The problem is that the location was the Ordem site. I don't know what happened, but the investigation seems to have been ambiguous because assassins were caught up in the huge lightning that was falling throughout the forest at that time and burned without even leaving any bodies.

"The investigation..."

Sorry, I actually did that.

I thought it would be an imperial family, but I didn't know it would be an imperial tribe of the Lindis Empire.

It seemed to be said that a large-scale war almost broke out.

It's like stepping on a frog while walking behind a cow.

Actually, I'm here to treat Arya al-Lindis, the youngest daughter of the Lindis Empire. And after this treatment, I will do my best to promote this work to the continent.

"You don't have to worry."

No, the achievements deserve to be praised. The prince does not yet know how great achievements he has made.

It's okay if you just buy the perimeter and you don't get any benefits.

Rather, keeping your mouth shut would be a bigger benefit, so there's nothing good about pushing ahead.

His insistence on continuing to make my achievements known to the world was unlikely to abate.

He must have never been able to step down in this regard because he has a deep pride in medicine.

It was time to cut off communication with him and sigh.

The quiet window burst open, and a bright blonde girl came into the window and smiled at me with a mischievous smile.

"Davie!"

"... ...Army!

"Oh, no!"

When she called the guards without hesitation, she naturally looked pale at the window.

Then, he rushed in and blocked my mouth, as if he hadn't thought of anything else.

"And if there's a rumor! To stop someone from getting married!"

Rumor, it's definitely me.

The forbidden palm of the Palan Empire, the Ilyna, sneaks into my office, the lord of the Hines estate.

It's a formal visit. It doesn't matter.But a secret visit is a different story.

That's going to be a lot of good company.

Even in this world where women's rights are still decent, her behavior does not seem rash.

"That's why you come in from the window of someone else's office in broad daylight?"

"I've told you over and over again that I can't come in openly."

"If it's rumored."

"......."

"You're very sorry, aren't you?"

Gasp.

You're having a hard time killing me.

It was a very short period of time, but I could see that she had a very dirty temper in addition to the elegant and wise image known to the public.

In fact, every time she heard a bitter sound in her mouth, I could see a poet following her, freaked out and stopped her.

Did you say your name was Lily? Maybe I said Linda.

This makes it a dirty feeling that the connection between talent and temper is official.

Two weeks after accepting her request.

In the meantime, she persistently stuck to me, asking me if I thought I was in debt or if I needed anything.

It wasn't for her, it was for me, but it didn't matter to her.

I just wanted to thank myself for accepting this brazen request.

"Last one, if you don't like it now, you can refuse."

"Let's check one thing first."

Her face was young in my words.

"The clandestine Knights, the fact that they're not known to the public, means that they're sure to block the information, is it possible to take anyone around and mobilize them for the test?"

At my words, she slowly nodded, taking out a small artifact from her arms.

"That doesn't matter, I'm going to use the opportunity I have."

"An opportunity?"

She nodded at my words.