94 # 94

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 18 of the Four Books

"They're doing something important, so let's leave them alone for a while."

Of course I didn't intend to interfere with my friend's reunion, so I stopped Illina and smiled.

It may be a good thing that Caldiras didn't talk about Persec.

Since she showed an extreme hatred of vampires, she could have a firestorm if she knew that she was the former devil.

"...okay."

The situation is unknown, but for now, she poked her head with a suspicious look.

"Well, let's talk now."

"Hmm..."

"In fact, I have so many questions. But the prince is not kind enough to answer that."

It's not really like that, but I didn't make it obvious.

"Well, I'm getting stabbed, so I'll give you a straight answer."

"Who the hell are you?"

"I am Davy O'Loon, the first prince of the Lown Kingdom, the enemy of Queen Lenny Alyshad."

"What I'm asking is..."

She heaved a sigh.

If I had asked you the right question, you would you would have answered.

She gritted her teeth and looked at me as if she was angry as I looked at her with a smile that was about to leak out.

"Whoa... well, good."

Then he soon smiled a cold smile as if another thought had gone mad. It is somewhat different from the restrained and elegant appearance of when we first met.

"We've got plenty of time... ...and we'll squeeze it out slowly."

Mumbling calmly, she soon laid a pile of cloth she was holding with one hand on the table as she came here.

"Is that the sword?"

the sword she was using.

Although it is difficult for ordinary people to hold and swing, this heavy sword was needed to use the sword and Hares' heavy sword.

I'm using the other side of my weight because I've risen above a decent level.

"It's a little different. This is the sword that I used to use."

She spoke calmly and made eye contact with me. My straight eyes have faced me without a stir.

"I'll be blunt, please teach me. The Sword of the Sword."

There was a longing for something on her face.

"Can I refuse?"

"I'll keep asking."

"What if I keep refusing?""

"There's a way to keep him from running."

She smiled brightly. Then he took a small pile of papers out of his arms.

"It's..."

When I frowned after skimming through the content, a faint smile around her mouth was young.

"A proposal for an engagement I don't know the prince, but the royal family is different, right? I'm ready to be childish because I've been throwing away my face and everything. Do you want to try?"

......you shook for a moment.

'It's just how I feel bad.'

Don't cheat.

'.......'

The Ilyna was very persistent and spoke proclerical.

Just as I am subtly twisted, she is also quite obsessed with the sword.

"Keep avoiding me and I'll send it to the Royal Family of the Louns. My father promised that he would allow anyone I wanted even if they were slaves. More than anything, the rising lord of the Hines estate in the East."

There was not a single lie in her words.

If I kept avoiding her, I would really push the engagement proposal into the royal family.

"And then what if you snap in here? You don't seem to have a lot of affection for yourself."

She looked at me with a bright smile as I smiled bitterly.

Miso herself was a really cute and beautiful girl.

"어머, 왕자님 정도의 실력가에 재력, 능력이 있는 사람이면 저도 나쁘진 않아요."

반사적으로 말이 안 통하는 여자라는 느낌이 확 와 닿기 시작했다.

"쯧."

짧게 혀를 찬 내가 손가락으로 창문을 가리켰다.

"마음에도 없는 소리 하지 말도록 하죠. 그럼 다음에는 좀 생산적인 대화로 봅시다."

담담하게 축객령을 내리자 그녀가 입을 꼭 다물고 나를 노려보았다.

그리고는 쾅! 소리를 내며 테이블을 짚고 일어서더니 내게 성큼성큼 다가왔다.

"No, I'm not giving up."

Then he gave a persistent look.

He put his tongue out at the level of obsession that made him think he was seriously ill.

"I'm really dirty and stubborn. So I don't have the personality to hide from behind and look at others like other women."

She pulled my collar like a snatch and smiled brightly.

"Who's more stubborn?"

39. Decepticon Squadron Prototype, Megatron.

Stubborn. Stupid.

There are many things to explain, but this girl in front of her was a vindictive enough to satisfy all of them.

On the contrary, there is nothing that allows people to do whatever they want because it is so funny that they openly declare war by revealing their purpose.

"Are you not busy?"

After dealing with small events in the territory, I was writing a few calculations for an experiment, and I immediately watched the girl who was relaxing in front of my eyes, filling out a small pile of papers and putting them in a magic bag.

The room was lightly scented with a fragrant scent, with bright and shiny hair scattered in abundance as if it had been applied with honey.

For learning the sword, he was able to sigh at the sight of his feminine physique and his sparkling eyes, which he was used to organizing the documents.

"I'm busy, so I'm doing this here, right? You have to be close to your body to get closer to your heart."

I gasped for nothing at such an imposing answer.

"No, does that make sense? Who in the world brings work and takes care of it in the out-of-town man's office?"

A bewildered question of Winnie hovered in the air.

"Oh, Princess Winley. What do you mean, out-of-town guy? I heard that friends do this often. In fact, the Chancellor of the Empire, the Duke of Orba, frequently visits his friend, Count Perdum."

"Yuck! I don't understand when my brother became your friend!"

Perhaps because of the cute cries of Winri, who was anxious like a child in danger of losing my toy, Illinois put all the documents she had been signing in a magic bag and took a cup of tea and sipped it as if it were delicious.

"That's right. Let's stop doing these little paperwork."

"Geez!"

When Winley realized that she couldn't communicate, he looked at her in a bewildering way.

"Um......."

"More than that, I'd like to know why level five Ullis is here."

Ullis smiled at Illina's question, which was quietly asked as if she was being discontented.

It is as if he is looking at his brother grumbling.

"Well, I'm friends with Davey, so it won't be a problem."

"Since when?"

"Well... I don't know, from when."

Illina's eyes were instantly on me for her calm answer.

"Is this how you don't want to get involved with me? What did I do wrong?"

"Well... if I get to know her, I'll turn her against many people."

"Geez! I'm fine! Let's be friends! Don't even talk to me!

Almost a three-way race... no, four-way.

Winley, who sets her hair like a cat who is on high alert for Illinois.

Ulysses, the youngest elder on the Red Tower, is making fun of this situation.

And Ilyna, a woman who complains that she is cheap except for herself.

Her approach was relentless in itself, but I liked her very much.

If she had been a little crooked, she wouldn't have met like this in the first place.

Even if she was the Emperor of the Palan Empire.

Since I regained some strength, I have been living in an unexpected way.

And I am also well aware of the fact.

Is that what you're talking to someone you know?

Persec, who was sitting on my shoulder yawning, giggled, pulling on my earlobes.

Tell me, or I'll put my arm in your earhole.

"Don't do that in your dreams because it's creepy.'

"You and Yulice seem quite close, by the way. Were you acquainted?"

"You didn't know? The story about you two is quite famous."

WINRI's words caught my eye for a moment.

Even if she is so wild, Win-ri has been to many unofficial social gatherings even before she made her debut.

He said, "The story of the world is quite fast."

"Weren't we talking a lot about engagement? I've heard a lot of rumors."

"I see, that's why WINRI started building a day."

A woman who is rumored to be engaged to a man she likes.

deserve vigilance

You're stupid.

[Huh?] Isn't he a fool?]

I heard a conversation between Persec and an impure Shingam, but I ignored it lightly.

The two looked like a small cat, who literally met a relaxed fire fox and a natural enemy.

"Winley says so, but isn't Yulis in the Red Tower area?"

"Well, I actually don't have anything to do. Rather, I have more business to attend to with Davey. For example, about magic."

Although the words are a little subtle, Ullis seemed to be very interested in Mu Young-chang among the incomprehensible magic I showed.

It is absolutely a failure to get the attention of the delirious lunatic wizards all at the same time.

Of course, you seem to be very quiet about the aftermath.

He was more thoughtful than I thought and was grateful to some extent for his ability to care for others.

knock, knock

"Ha, I've got everything you said and moved it to an underground warehouse."

"Oh, you're finally here? Good job."

The eyes of Winnie, Illina, and Yulis, who were growling at Amy's appearance, carefully sticking out her head and raising the report, were all directed at her.

Amy has now properly begun to take over the vicarious management of the estate, but somehow she still hasn't taken off her dress.

Of course, the colors, materials, or decorations of the fabric stick together to show the difference.

There is no way to know why the strict Bernilke, who pursues rationality, allowed such clothes.

Isn't it "The Girl"?"

Illina murmured cautiously as she was looking at Amy's back, who was surprised and disappeared cautiously after confirming her existence.

"Aimee is my brother-in-law."

"Now I'm a land agent. He was also given the title of Baron."

"Really?"

Surprisingly, Winnie opened her eyes round. Women are given titles for common sense on this continent, tens or hundreds of times more trouble than men.

"That's great."

"Now that he's confused, it's hard to care about every single thing."

The political battle between the royalist faction led by the Marquis of Paltris and the aristocratic faction led by the Duke of Barieta is heading to extremes.