93 # 93

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 17 of the Four Books

In fact, the Hines Land is said to be an emerging land as it develops rapidly, but it is too early to have the great value of the Empire, and the forbidden Okyeob of the Palan Empire, the continent's largest powerhouse.

In fact, there are many top, top, top, and pension schools that have established themselves here, but most of them have expanded their branches, and no significant person has come directly.

Of course, even if Ullis was an exception, the visit by [Illina de Palan] was certainly enough to spread the word.

It's like the forbidden corn leaf from the strongest country on the continent.

If they were a noble or royal family, they would have been ready to greet her with a fuss right away.

The division commander came into the soldiers' barracks.

Shouldn't we actually do that on her sudden visit? Some people are saying that.

If the atmosphere is so, it wouldn't be bad to ride on it as it is.

"Request..."

"What should I do? May I take you to the drawing room?"

Amy's question was filled with subtle anxiety. I don't know why I'm nervous, but the answer I'm going to give is already set.

Amy, who corrected her red horn-rimmed glasses, just waited for my order to come out of my mouth as if she was expecting an answer soon.

"Reject."

"Yes... yes?"

At the moment, her face fell into a state.

Well. Why.

It is not that she suddenly came here in person, nor does she not know how big her existence is.

But that wasn't the reason I had to meet her.

Amy, who had a confused look on her face to see if she still remembered my words not to say twice, soon looked down and went out quietly.

* * *

Hey, you're not afraid of future troubles?

Once I refused to meet him, I wondered if he had come from over there.

Another refusal.

Decline, Decline, Decline, Decline.

I repeatedly ask for an interview and refuse outright, as if it were turning into some stubborn fight.

Now, both the other side and the other side throw away the mutual courtesy and fight for stubbornness.

I started it, but they also chose to roll in the mud childishly.

Thanks to this, only those caught in the middle are dying.

I heard the news that her Knights of the Red Dragon, the Knights of the Red Dragon, were furious because she refused to meet the Princess of Illinois, but dismissed it as a light disregard.

They don't make a fuss because they have an idea.

"I'm not saying no for no reason."

You're... you're raising Youngji's stock price in the midst of this?

She gave a sick look.

"Let's go expensive if it's a king."

There is something called noise marketing.

If it is the forbidden corn leaf of the largest powerhouse, there is nothing like this promotional effect. Furthermore, the site is crowded to the top of the information guild, which moves vast amounts of information.

Life isn't a game, it's really fearless... ...and you can't be so fearless when your opponent won't be able to do what you think.

I didn't know what she wanted to say.

"It's okay because she's the dusk."

It's just a guess. I didn't worry about the consequences once and for all. Just be careful before you start.

Thanks to this, people around the world may be criticized.

It is the worst handshake in this world where conspiracy is rampant, but I chose to move forward rather than retreat in fear.

A few days to keep the fight between tenacity and stubbornness.

It didn't turn into a big problem as expected.

The other side wouldn't want that either.

Eventually, the Ilyna Empress put up the white flag first.

Did you go back that way? As far as the result goes, it wasn't.

The way she chose to be impatient because of her continued refusal...

"Hey, Prince Davey."

"......do the Imperial ladies of the Empire learn Waldam skills these days?"

It was Monday.

She smiled brightly at my bewildered question.

"We have a lot to say to each other, don't we?"

Her smile was so bright and dazzling that she was one of the most beautiful women on the continent.

But the smile is subtly twisted.

"It must be a lot."

The queen of the continent's largest powerhouse, who persistently asks to meet the prince of a common little kingdom.

A prince of a small country who has openly rejected it for no reason.

Ilyna, who declared her white flag in this childish stubborn fight that she could not hide her absurd feelings so that one might think that they were joking, simply showed her outstanding behavior.

"Something to tell..."

She stood up at the window and grinned as I pretended not to know.

Her active and rich golden hair and the appearance of a woman tied behind her hair were more prominent, shining blue against the backdrop of the night sky.

"You don't have one? I'm sure you do."

"Come down first, it's windy."

In my words, she glanced around and entered the room lightly.

Wearing an elegant yet elegant short dress, she blushed with her eyes slightly frowned as if something had come to her mind as soon as she heard me.

Then he slowly came down from the window, pressing hard on his skirt.

"I can see if someone enjoys secret meetings."

"I'm afraid I'll hear that in my dreams."

She comes back with a bright smile.

Oh, Scratch!

You must be quite upset.

Beauty's smile is good, but I don't want to be angry.

Of course, apart from being selfishly beautiful, the young face and the short height make me feel more like I'm seeing a cute younger brother rather than a love affair.

"Really, I didn't know it would be so hard to make a single bet. Isn't that right, Prince Davy? That's what I'm saying, but I don't think it's this much trouble to meet a king in a kingdom."

"Haha, if there's something coming, there's got to be something to go."

"There's a rumor going around in the territory that I'm making every effort to meet the prince."

"That's what I was aiming for."

She lifted the car in front of her without expression at my deft words.

"Maybe to raise the stock price of the land..."

Only then did she look bored when she noticed why I kept refusing her requests for an interview.

"I know it's very annoying to say this, but aren't you too fearless?"

"My liver is a little big."

She clicked her tongue briefly at my smiling words.

Kick your tongue?

That Illinois kid sometimes has a very strong personality...

Illina, the dusk, doesn't know the existence of Persec. But on the contrary, she had been seeing her from inside Caldiras.

Davy, don't make fun of me too much. Since my heart is a good boy.

Still, Persec pulled my ear and whispered in my ear to see if there was any affection.

'It tickles, dude.'

Whoo hoo hoo hoo hoo hoo.

With a relaxed smile on my face, I shot her once as she walked away from me and looked straight at her.

"I've done nothing right, so let's stop here. I think you have a lot of things to say if you're looking for me at night."

"Somebody's got me in a hurry. I'll thank you first."

She put her hands calmly on her chest and looked down.

"The other day, I owe you my life. I think we need to clarify that fact."

I didn't mean to save her.

In fact, the only thing I cared about at that time was Winnie.

That didn't mean the fact that she was saved did not disappear, so she did not make a big restriction.

"And thanks to you, I was able to awaken Caldiras."

As a contractor, she was only the owner of Caldiras and had not been able to awaken in the form of a sword.

But it was awakened after the state sword competition.

There may be a few reasons, but she's in a better position after that.

[Davie!] You bastard!!]

'The hurdle has been lowered as the power of the caldiras has been relatively weakened.'

You're quick to sense.

Before Illina could say anything, her brooch began to emit light and soon turned into a blurry girl and attacked me.

I think he is about 6 years old.

The exterior was silver with a mixture of blue like Persek, but in many ways it was different.

If Persec had a soft and cute cuteness, she had a baby-like cuteness.

The guy, who flew with an angry look on his face, ignored the form of an energy body and grabbed me by the collar and shook me mercilessly.

Because of you! How much because of you!]

"Caldiras."

A girl with tears in her eyes, Illina, who grabbed Caldiras' s body and pulled him back, tried to stop him, but Caldiras did not think of letting go with my neck held for a long time.

I accepted her complaints silently, even though it was an act that would normally have been taken away.

It's true that he hit the back of his head.

Do you know how long I fainted?!]

"Yeah, did you sleep well?"

I pressed my head and stroked it, and he gritted his teeth.

At least you should have told me before you wrote it.]

People are dying every minute, and there is no time to use them.

Caldiras must be well aware of the fact.

Nevertheless, it may not have been because of the magic of the time that he was looking for me.

It is true that he was hit by a sense of loss, but he is a sword that has long passed through adversity.

[Per... Where's Per...]

As expected, Caldiras did not see Perserk. All I could touch and see her was me, and I was contracted with my soul, Hongdan.

"Can't you see?"

[.......]

"I'm doing well, I accidentally came over to me with a scar. In short, symbiotic relationships."

She stared at me in tears at my words.

[Pur! Per!] He didn't do anything bad, did he? You're okay, right?! Huh? Answer me! Please...]

The voice of the man, who cried mournfully toward the invisible air, contained so much worry and sadness that it was hard to say that they were in the past hostile relationship.

I don't know if it's wrong, or if Persec isn't there for me and I'm really thrown out somewhere else.

He looked very worried.

Davey.

Then Persec, who was looking at Caldiras quietly, called me.

Can you lend me a little bit?

'As much as you want.'

She smiled brightly as soon as my permission fell.

Then he floated the image of Caldiras in the air, and I myself flew up and faced her forehead.

Whoo...

A considerable amount of Manna began to escape, but I didn't mean to touch it until I found out that that was the method of contact with Caldiras thought of by Persec.

"Cars... Caldiras?"

Suddenly, Caldiras rose into the air, and as if surprised by the silence, the Iliana princess opened her eyes round.