98 # 98

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 22 of the Four Books

"I'll show you again slowly what you missed."

Then, without hesitation, I picked up the spare wooden sword and pushed it down strongly toward the floor.

a heavy sword of unbroken strength

Coooooooong!

A blow with an overwhelming weight breaks some ground and disappears.

It was the basic cut of the middle sword, a sword of the sword that contained everything in her destructive power.

After that, I picked up the sword and swung it again. However, this time, the destructive power did not increase dramatically as before, but it was a very light and free sword.

The difference in destructive power was obvious from the air flow alone.

Of course, if this was going to end, I wouldn't have given you an example.

When the gently falling sword reaches a certain position.

His wrist trembled slightly and at the end of the sword, an explosive weight was applied.

Cooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!

The same powerful shock wave exploded and left a huge scar on the ground just like before, and disappeared.

Both the first and the second are equally destructive.

"You see the difference between the two cuts just now?"

Her face was shocked by what I said.

She and I didn't care about it, even though we had a situation where we were speaking casually to each other.

He is seriously giving advice in his own way.

"How can the destructive power be the same?"

The heavy sword she knows is a heavy-centered sword that focuses on destructive power and scope.

Light bell cutting, lateral cutting, up cutting, etc.

"No way! Even if the sword is lost, I know it's a sword that increases its destructive power by putting its weight to the limit! There can't be such a soft sword!"

As she said, the heavy sword of the sword definitely leads to a structure in which the flowing sword I just showed is not generally possible.

"Isn't swordsmanship that abandons techniques and puts everything into destructive power?" But the fact that such a slow, soft sword has the same destructive power... ..."

As she said.

As it is a destructive force that can be used to abandon techniques, it is generally impossible to draw such power.

Of course, since it is the destructive power to make such sacrifices, the swordsmanship, which takes care of techniques in common sense, was too greedy to take care of it.

"Well, it's a zero-back, the time to get to full speed."

"Zero... Back?"

Let`s compromise on how long it takes for the carriage to reach full speed. First of all, you got the idea, right?"

"......."

She nodded as if she had realized something at what I said.

The length of time a car reaches 100 kilometers per hour.

That is the meaning of the term zero-back. Although it was likened to a carriage in this place where there are no cars.

"You know that the force of impact produced by weight increases over time, right?"

"That's the way the prosecution works."

Simply applying an overwhelming weight to a simple cut brings out explosive power.

"Then have you tried controlling the speed at which the weight reaches its maximum?"

"What's that......"

"The weight used in the heavy sword is similar to gravity, but Manna is extremely united to mimic it, not absolutely gravity."

What we regard as gravity is just an image.

Her eyes opened wide at my words.

The force of destruction handled by the heavy sword is an arbitrary force made of mana, not gravity.

The delay of the zero-back of the heavy sword has nothing to do with the laws of physics.

That means that the speed of zero-back can vary with skill.

I realized the meaning of what I said as a bright girl.

Throw away the wooden sword you had in your hand without hesitation.

"The advantage of the heavy sword is its destructive power and crushing power, but it also has its weaknesses, and if its proficiency is poor, it becomes extremely unstable, focusing only on destructive power." Then I'll give you a hint here."

Her surprised eyes fell on my words.

"Considering that the sword Hares was ignorant enough to turn around in the midst of a tremendous gravity, why did it suddenly break down as if it had been lost?"

Of course, the generation will have to move on without noticing the basic structure of the sword as if it were just imitating the sword shown by the sword.

It is simply the most destructive sword, so it must have been called the best sword.

Sitting blankly, she didn't seem to fully understand what I meant.

Perhaps if you understand it and realize some of it, you can go beyond the master's walls.

"Basic... ...maybe we'll catch something. Thank you....."

She said carefully, with her tearful face bent down, as if her mind had been cleared up.

It was a single advice, but he seemed to have instinctively felt how big it was.

You are careful in the unexpected.

What did you do? What did you do?'

She slowly turned to me as I was silent and said nothing.

Then he clenched his grip on Caldiras and smiled faintly.

"By the way, you look very urgent."

"Ah..."

"As far as I can tell, she seems to be in a hurry as if she's being chased by something."

"There's no such thing!"

"Well, I don't think listening will wear you down, and I think it's wise to say it when you give me a chance."

Her eyes shook with confusion at my words.

However, he opened his mouth carefully as if he had made a decision soon.

"You... you're such a warm person..."

It`s not that listening is exhausting, it`s just listening."

"Well... you know, can you be my partner?"

It was a very misleading remark depending on how she understood what she meant.

* * *

"I need your power."

She, who spoke quietly, approached me.

"It doesn't make sense that the great power of the dynasties lacks strength. There are so many sodmasters who can move a word."

"We can't borrow their power... ...under 20 years of age, so others are against the rules."

Afterwards, she told the story she had been hiding little by little by little.

As the queen of the Palan Empire, she is preparing for an examination by an organization.

The method of the test is to achieve the goal as if several teams with two partners compete against each other with a certain goals.

The problem was that two people, including her and her partner, had to join forces to take the test, but her partner was missing for some reason.

"So you need someone to help you because your partner who is taking the test with you is missing?"

"I've been desperately searching for it, but it's gone as if it's evaporated... ...so if I can't be strong, I'd rather have someone to help me."

"Well... ...help those who take other tests... oh, no. It smells like a trick."

"I don't know the details. But I need a partner to take the test."

I pondered over what she said.

She hid her organization.

Certainly a group of names that no royal family or even imperial royal family in any middle-sized country would know, but with the authority to verify information, she was able to analyze to the extent what group she was talking about.

Last Whisp.

the last piece of sculpture

There are many names, but this name, which appeared in her status window, was a familiar name to me.

It may be more memorable because I heard this story from an old-fashioned Apolon who never told me about the past.

It was a story that I overheard when Apolon, who had been looking for Daphne who had been out of his mind after a masterpiece with me, said he had found a good drink as usual, was immersed in useless sentiment.

[What? An old story? Well, all right, sometimes it's not bad. Let me ask you a question, I think it's someone who protects the people.]

"The vigilante? The guards? Or the knights..."

[Yes, intelligent creatures naturally form groups and inevitably create states, so it's the same for humans, elves, or dwaffes. So who protects the continent from unknown threats?]

When I first heard it, I wondered what kind of nonsense it was.

But I could understand it quickly.

Any disaster or threat that would cause chaos in the world would have had to be handled as secretly as possible.

[Last Whispe was founded there] The Knights of the Union, the Last Sculpture. Well, the knights are the knights, but there are fewer swordsmen than you think.

I think I heard his calm story, forgetting his usual awkwardness.

Although they have different names, they have been interacting with each other under a huge bond called Last Whispe, secretly dealing with things that pose a threat to the continent. The continent was strangely peaceful after the Swordsman slaughtered the demon king, and that's why.]

"What is that?"

[Simply put...] It's a group of knights who take the talented and raise the seeds of heroes or warriors.]

The confusion itself did not last long.

The answer came out as the story was slowly cogged.

A strong man who has some power of his own cannot be entangled. Moreover, the main target group is the younger generation who will carry the future.

Illina was learning and building her strength as one of those secret knights.

There is no way to know why she belonged to such a dangerous and ungrateful organization, but at least it was an interesting story.

"Funny, huh? You can forget this story. Thanks to you, I learned something big today."

She stood up hesitatingly and brushed off her short skirt.

"Then let's go in. I won't forget your kindness."

"Hold on."

Her demands were actually not worth worrying about.

What the Secret Knights do would be dangerous, even if they are not yet a full Knights Unit.

Of course, if she's a really precious person, she can help, but at least she and I have only been talking for a few days.

She knew the fact well, so she seemed to say it as if she were just throwing it away.

However, I felt like I could see the possibility in the other direction, contrary to this usual thought.

If the organization as you say is correct, it must be working against an unknown danger, and the risk will increase dramatically. This is ridiculous...

"Hold on... Wow, this is good.'

Her eyes were round when she heard my will.

De... Davy?

"Let's do it."

"What?"

"Let's do it, I'll help you with the test."

It was Illina who was rather surprised when she answered so willingly.

She looked at me with a puzzled look on her face and said she didn't understand.