92 # 92

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the 16th installment in the Four Books

"Orabani! I'm ready!"

It's nothing high-end, but at least I could see Winnie waving at me in a big carriage that wouldn't be uncomfortable while I was on the move.

Originally, it would be right for Ullis and I to go back to the Red Tower branch of Hines, but since Varys asked me to, it was decided that I would protect Winley for the time being.

Of course, it is a matter of course to be a barista who has to take on the task of Yeongji alone, but somehow he expressed his support for sending Winley to me.

"It's not fast, but I think we can get there in about three days."

"Hmm..."

"There are so many beautiful places on the way! I mean, I'm... "

As she was speaking, she suddenly looked at someone standing behind her and opened her eyes wide.

"Fortna?"

"Thank you very much. Prince Davey's downfall."

"Yes."

"Not only me, but everyone on the land who was exposed to the disease will not forget the grace of the prince."

Speaking calmly, she seemed to have a fairly sharp temper, so she didn't forget to thank her.

"I will use this life you have saved, until the end of it, to protect the fall of Queen Winley."

I said, tapping on her shoulder to thank her with a low back.

"As long as I'm alive. If you're going to cherish the grace, take care of your life."

"I'll be very clear."

"Davie, it's time to start."

It was just as Ullis was about to say, who soon confirmed the status of the magic carriage.

I'm... I'm... I'm... I'm...

The telecommunication crystal ball in his/her arms vibrated slightly and informed him/her that he/she had contacted him/her.

"Aimee?"

When I lifted the crystal ball to Amy's contact, who was my exclusive poet and is now learning about proxy management of the land, I began to see Amy looking urgent inside the bead.

I, uh... uh... on the land!

I looked at her blankly at her as she continued to say.

"What?"

38. Childish encounters.

Amy's fuss put me in thought.

"Are you an elder brother?"

The contact crystal ball was set to only sound to me like an earphone, so it made Amy think a lot of useless things, even though others didn't hear her fuss.

"Why did Varys send me here?"

"Well, Prince Barris was as intelligent and honest as David. I can't get everything out of my narrow mind, but I thought I wanted you to relax for a while."

Win-ri shook her head agonizingly at the sight of him smiling and speaking softly.

It would not have been for that reason at first place.

[Brother, I'm sorry, but can I ask for WINRI for a while? I could protect him better than a guy like me.]

I didn't tell him. The story hasn't spread within the territory yet. It's just that... ...the orphanage where the parents were lost is unclear where some of the children are. Obviously, it happened after this incident.]

His request was his twin brother's impatience to protect his younger brother.

It wasn't even Count Linton's job.

I think it's related to that a little bit.

Thinking vaguely, Persek came to me with a coy smile.

She turned around in front of me, shaking off her light and elegant clothes, smiled her usual smile.

The same thing happened in the Yellow Rock tribe where the Dwarves lived.

'And so is Lord Hines.'

It's not certain, so it stays on the investigation level, but the same thing happens in three places at the same time?

There is little confirmation of the issue that is unclear, but if it is true, it can be interpreted that someone is taking it only for children.

There is something subtly.

"If I interpret it as a sacrifice, should I think of the Black Wizard?'

Why isn't there such a thing? It is a pseudo-religious system that calls for summoning the devil and offering the blood of a fresh child.

I don't think so, black sorcerers are ferocious, but they're not idiots, so even if they kidnap a child for a sacrifice, they don't move so openly as to be cautious.

If he had moved so openly and proudly, the existence of a black wizard on the continent would hardly have remained legendary.

After all, the rumors must be false or something else. It's just an initial identification, and it's not clear if the children are missing.'

As a result, Varys believed that Winnie would be in the way of investigating the case along with the outside work.

I would have been more worried about my brother who was driving an accident than disturbing him.

As a result, Varys chose to send Winley to me, which is relatively safe, so that there would be no more problems.

He could have just asked me for help, but he made desperate efforts to solve this and the problems of Count Linton on his own.

Lions drop their young from the cliff. It wasn't meant to me, but it wouldn't be right to overprotect a man who's trying to do something on his own.

In addition, it would have been necessary to investigate in other ways, as the scope included not only the Orderm site but also the Yellow Rock tribe and the Hines.

"I want to go as late as possible."

"What happened to the territory?"

Did she hear me mumbling? Ullis, who sat across from me and looked at Winnie without a word, threw a question.

"There's a bit of a prick here."

Unlike the fact that it is so beautiful that it makes your eyes look better, the prickly side is definitely a human figure.

You must have come to me knowing most of the things.

It's not hard to simply inherit, but I thought that would not be the only purpose.

Above all.

I don't want to see Caldiras again.'

If I see you right now, I'll hold you from the collar.

Caldiras, the new prosecutor, must be grinding his teeth so hard that he can grab his collar as soon as he sees me.

As was the case with Hongdan, during the Caldiras, he must have pulled out all of his sacred power to use the ninth-degree ultimatum.

A bitter smile won't go away.

* * *

Time naturally began to increase as time went by at a very slow pace.

"I told you. My brother was climbing a tree and..."

"Haha, you've been a very unique person for a long time."

"Right? Hehe."

I don't even say a word, but Winnie mumbled cutely when she remembered what was so pleasant about her past and when I was playing.

Have you ever been so green in your life?

At that time, my head was quite a flower garden.

'What's wrong with my image now?'

You seem to be the owner of the game room who has a master key that can be restarted indefinitely, but who's looking at the kids who've been trying so hard with their pocket money.

You can openly accuse me of being like a black screen.

'What's that?'

As she read some of my memories, the parable is so playful.

Honestly, you're abnormal.

Do you think so?'

It was also difficult for me to answer.

Once you die, it's over. If you compare the way you live with the unknown fear of your next life.

She picked out the twist I had.

The wick is twisted for nothing.

"Have you not been told not to hit people with facts?"'

Sometimes you have to get hit hard to come to your senses.

Persec, giggling and teasing me.

I wanted to snatch her, but I swallowed her quietly because I thought she would attract attention if I gestured in the air.

Hahaha!!

It was then.

The horse suddenly stopped while watching the view over the carriage that was moving quietly.

"Hmm?"

"What's going on?"

Surprised by the sudden braking, Win-ri slowly opened the window, and the driver looked perplexed.

"Who... who are you? You know who's in the wagon and you're blocking the way?!"

Soon the horseman shouted at those who blocked him in a tense tone.

a high-quality horse with glossy fur Wearing strong and dignified armor, they were often different from the bandits found in the deep mountains.

The Knights of the Order. I could see that it was not a small and medium-sized territory, but a knight of great standing.

Tuduk...

It was not long before an article from the horse came slowly. Then he quietly bowed his head politely toward us.

"Please forgive my rudeness. I'm Duris, Knight Commander of the Red Dragon."

Is he in his 30s and 40s?

A man with a short, neat beard took off his helmet and introduced himself quietly.

"If it's the Knights of the Red Dragon... ...no way!"

Then, after hearing the introduction, Ulys first realized their identity and opened their eyes wide.

"Why is the Knights of the Guard of the Princess of Illinois here?"

Ullis and Winnie do not know who is now grinding their teeth in the territory of Hines.

Therefore, it was a possible response.

"We're here to escort you so that you don't have any problems on your way here. Please forgive my rudeness if you were offended."

sheer politeness itself

Rather, I gave a shameless look at the courtesy that made me feel uncomfortable.

"That style is very uncomfortable. Even Bernil's boss looks cold, but he is an unexpectedly sly inspiration.'

A look of bored expression was built by the line that seemed like a drop of blood would not come out even if stabbed.

"Honestly, I don't need a escort... but the Red Dragon Knights are too strong to just ignore the goodwill."

Ulysses asks for his opinion while smiling vainly.

I tried to be as slow as I could as I could, but this woman seemed to have grasped my psychology in an instant.

This is why I don't like kids who are quick-witted.'

Caldiras' contractor is the same age as you.

"Well, you're a little boy.'

She has a really beautiful appearance and is the best bride on the continent, but my judgment toward her is also a sad fact.

It's a shame, she loved to see something so relaxed.

Her voice was very fresh, considering it was a bittersweet.

* * *

Exactly, as I escaped from the Duchy of Felisty, I left everything to the Ilyna and ran away.

If I had been attacked, I would have gone to the scene and grabbed him by the collar and waved him around.

It seems to have been patient for quite a while, but I ended up meeting him here.

"Iliana, the Queen of the Palan Empire, is asking me to visit her."

Her existence can only be described as a big shot.