91 # 91

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Four volumes and fifteen episodes

"Ha-ha, I'm not very good at archery."

"Tut... ...you'll lose your place to your brothers one day."

"Haha, if they have the guts to take their place."

At the words of Emperor Deord, a man in 40 lines smiled in vain.

"Yes, how's the Crown Princess doing?"

"Yes, I am comfortable with your generosity."

"Tut... a man should be able to take care of his family before he spreads his wings for the world."

"I'll be very clear."

"But you fools just care about honor and position and neglect those who should protect them."

Emperor Deord, who sighed tiredly, pulled the bow.

Slurping...

Two bang!!!

At the same time, a huge amount of mana condensed into the arrow and soon the arrow, which flew tearing the air, smashed the thick target into the ground.

"You're great, Your Majesty."

"Tut. I didn't think the position of Master was taken by gambling."

"It's not easy for a master to get a blade on a projectile that easily."

I could see him well because he was the crown prince and the eldest son who had seen him the closest.

Emperor Deord Al Lindis, who rules the Lindis Empire, is one of the most powerful Swordmasters.

"Yeah, I'm sure you didn't come here to talk about this. Is there anything you want to say?"

"Your Grace."

The crown prince, who quietly approached the calm question of Djord, who did not take his eyes off the smashed target, raised his bow.

Then he used to put an arrow on the bow and said quietly.

"Echo Guild member brought information."

"There is progress."

"I have some good news and some bad news. Which one do you want to hear first?"

"Oh, you know how to tease your father."

"But I'm glad it's not bad news."

The crown prince smiled joyfully at his words.

"Yeah, tell me the news first."

"The Earl of Linton and the Count of Colio have died. Apparently, he was found guilty of inhumane acts and beheaded on the spot."

"Tut..."

Count Lington belongs to the Central Disease Control Group.

And Count Colio accepted that Emperor Deord joined the disease control team under the pretext of physical discomfort.

"It looks like he intentionally spread the disease on Ordem land, the outer territory of the Kingdom of Loun, and conducted untested human experiments in the name of treatment."

In fact, the lives of ordinary people cannot be very important to the aristocrats or royal families of the world.

It literally meant that no one could say anything even if a dirty aristocrat blew the neck of the common people just because he blocked his way.

But it was a different story.

"It's the same everywhere, according to the man who puts his greed into madness. Yeah, who killed him?"

"I am the first prince of the Kingdom of Lown."

"Oh, that's a famous kid these days."

"Haha."

Of course, Emperor Deorte was not such a dull emperor that he did not know that Count Linton was so dangerous.

Even though he knew he was a dangerous man, Djord empowered him.

"In case you don't have to feel guilty about this......"

"Oh, if you were scared of that, you wouldn't even be able to take the throne."

The two men were well aware of the fact.

"Yeah, what's the good news?"

"According to the report from Baron Gorneo, who was working with Earl Linton on the blood of the devil, the blood of the devil... ...has developed. It's not Baron Goneo or Earl Lington, it's Prince One of the Louns."

"......."

Emperor Deord's eyes wiggled for a moment at the Prince's words.

"That's not usually good news."

"That's right."

At his words, Emperor Derart swallowed the salivary voice briefly.

"There's no lie in the treatment, is there?""

"After the confirmation, the residents of the land of Ordam are getting up one by one."

"Prince of the Lown Kingdom..." That's very interesting. There must be someone who's trying to catch a loony with this."

"What shall we do?"

"I can't turn a blind eye to the man who brought me that good news. You can take care of those who are trying to do something that's bothering you."

"When shall I make an official invitation to the throne of Lindis?"

"Well... that's not bad either. It would not be a bad idea to get married to a member of the royal family if he had made such achievements."

At his question the crown prince bowed his head quietly.

It was then.

It was reflected in their view that some women and knights moved with a small girl over the quiet garden.

The girl was wearing long, shiny turquoise hair, which looked strangely tightly wrapped around her body.

Masks that cover the entire face, and gloves.

All the skin on the surface was hidden.

The girl, who was walking around carefully as if she were being chased by something, soon found Deord and the Crown Prince and approached her cautiously.

Then he spoke carefully in a trembling voice.

"My...my twin dragons of the Empire..."

"That's enough. Stop it."

Her shoulders flinched small as Djord cut her off.

A heavy silence fell.

If anyone had seen it, Emperor Deord seemed to despise her.

In fact, it was true that such rumors spread.

The Lindis Empire still has the idea of ostracizing Suin.

I can't believe the youngest dangry is a mixed-blooded male.

It was less contemptible because she was an imperial family, not to mention the sting of her eyeball.

Of course, that's what's known and the truth is a little different.

"Why don't you call me father again?"

"That... that..."

The fact that Emperor Lindis was so fond of my youngest daughter that she didn't want to be seen by others.

However, was it a problem that it was that bad?

It was also true that rumors circulated in the imperial court that Emperor Lindis hated Arya.

Carefully she withdrew.

"There's a look around... ...and a low profile like me. If anyone sees you close to Su-in..."

"What? Is it humble?"

Her cut-off expression changed drastically.

"That... that..."

"Albus."

"Shall we take care of it?"

Albus smiled grimly and said, as if he had abandoned the silence and refinement of the moment.

"Find it thoroughly."

"Yes."

You can step on it carefully so that you won`t be able to revive it again. How dare you breathe on the Imperial family, you're so generous."

"Oh... my father!"

Surprised Arya flustered. Reflectively calling her father instead of her Majesty, she grabbed Djord's collar.

"Because of me, you can't... you can'

As the two turned their eyes, Aria shook her head desperately and gibberish.

I was so embarrassed that my ears above my head were shaking like crazy.

"You are my lovely daughter. If anyone dares to speak of the daughter of the Emperor, it is not enough to destroy the old people."

"Okay... It's okay. If you step forward because of me, you'll trouble your father and your brother's prestige."

Without hiding her embarrassing feelings, there was a short sigh of her.

"So please pretend you didn't see it. Promise... you'll do it, right?"

"Whoa... yes, I promise. "Albus."

"I'll take care of it quietly."

"Oh... my father!"

Frustrated, she screamed out a scream. However, the expression of the emperor was determined.

"Arya, you are the daughter of the Emperor of the Lindis, I, Deord Alindis. Who's going to speak ill of you?"

"Ha... but..."

"If you're going to worry about me, stop worrying about me, you've only increased your unnecessary worries during your time in the Holy Land. Now I have no intention of forgiving anyone who looks down on you."

She looked at my brother, who is much older than her, looking like he would never back down, but already Albus seemed to have no intention of taking her side.

"Sigh..."

In the end, she was the only one who gave up. In fact, there was something more bothering her now.

Deport looked at her with a puzzled look as Arya stepped away quietly than expected.

"Is there something you want to say?"

"Well... well, actually..."

She hesitates as if she was worried about something.

Their expressions were relaxed at the tone of wanting to ask for something.

But her soon-to-be words hardened the two into stone statues.

"When a girl gets better... ...the promise that she'll be able to lead to the pond." . . . . . . . .is it still, uh, valid?"

They could not see her face, but they had seen her for a long time, so they didn't know what was going on with her story.

The first thing that came to mind was Albus.

"Eh... Arya? Don't tell me..."

"He saved me on my way back to the Empire. He doesn't even know his name yet..."

Then, Djord made a bold decision on her attitude.

"Albus, what was the most important skill of the Lindis Imperial tribe?"

"He who can't even protect his own people can't do anything further... ..."

"It looks like there's a bug stuck in the flower."

"Your Grace, I'll find out and catch you."

"Oh... no!!"

Screaming, she screamed violently.

Of course, they didn't know that the man Arya al-Lindis spoke of was the same person who developed the cure for the disease.

* * *

About a week.

In the meantime, most patients were able to get out of their seats as a result of accelerating fusion virus eradication in the Ordem land.

In the meantime, everyone died because they couldn't stand the disease. It would be a relief that he stopped at that level of sacrifice.

Thanks to this, there seems to be a lot of praise for me in the land of Ordem, with the cheesy title of a saint.

a small mana gate

Unlike the basic Mana Gate, it is one of the continental-class saddles that is easy to charge and carry, instead of sending a small number of people into a limited space.

The problem is that once you use it, you have to charge it for more than a week, but it's a great merit to be able to move space at once, and to walk to a place that takes more than a few days.

"Hahaha... I'm sorry. It's not fully charged yet."

"Is there a problem with relaxing around the landscape? In particular, the Ordem Land is a scenic spot nearby."

It wasn't bad.

I didn't want to live a busy life, so didn't I succeed by launching a huge business from the start?

As the very thing that aims to lead a relaxed life, life that was hit here and there by work was not the life I wanted.