97 # 97

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 21 of the Four Books

"By the way, what happened late at night?"

"I just... I just wanted to talk."

You're lying. You can't hide your nervousness.

Perserk, who looked at her with a sleepy face, quietly recited.

Her information check-up window, which I saw, showed that she was here for another reason, so her mind was now full of that thought.

a squeaking sound

Name: Illina de Palan.

Age: 17

Title: The owner of the Shingam, an anecdote among the five most beautiful women.

Specifics:

a contractor for a new prosecutor

the forbidden leaves of the Palan Empire

A member of the Last Wisp.

Current Psychology:

confusion and anxiety

Ordinary, very ordinary status window. But one thing caught my eye.

'Last Wisp......'

It occurred to me that I had brought something interesting.

"Well, it's not easy to talk about. I'll get a cup of tea, so please sit down for a while."

Only my footsteps echoed silently into the quiet workshop where no one was left.

* * *

"That golem... ...would be a hell of a mess if it were known to the world."

It's a mess. It's a good thing you don't get treated as a dangerous weapon.

Golem, which can carry out high-grade combat in the execution of compound orders, is simply a bomb.

She smiled bitterly as she saw a prototype megatron moving her body's components on one side of the quiet workshop.

"I've tried so hard... ...and I haven't won a single golem."

"That's like a monster. Ilyna isn't weak."

There was no lie.

The core of Megatron is a large amount of Majeongseok, which is different from mana stone.

Furthermore, the basic frame was used as a raw material, presumed to have been made by an ancient sorcerer.

Basically, even Mado Golem, which had been deployed, showed efficiency above the master level if it was misplaced, and it is also useful that the unmaster-level prosecutor endured it.

But the defeat seemed to be a great humiliation for her.

Unlike humans who cannot fight properly when their arms are cut off, Megatron does not feel pain.

It was a matter of course.

Megatron also needs a lot of data, but I think she does, too.

"Experience is important. Let's get out of here."

"Uh... Dill?"

I wanted to give her a go at her, who was a little down.

"It's a nice day to take a walk at night."

She stood up following me blankly at my words.

* * *

"Didn't you say you wouldn't teach me swordsmanship?"

"It's just a fight, so you don't have to worry. I don't want to see you just sitting there. Don't you like it?"

"Oh... no! All right!"

She looked down at the sword with an unrelenting look as if she was nervous and waving her hands in surprise.

a white and silver giant sword

Caldiras, the new sword, is subtly displaying its brilliance.

While she's holding a new sword, all I'm holding is a wooden sword.

It was no wonder that people around me shouted not to be ridiculous, but it didn't matter to me.

"If you ask me to carry a true sword, not a wooden sword... ...it's actually a ridiculous arrogance."

She realistically realized the difference between herself and me.

You're surprisingly kind. She pretends she's not.

'I'm just drawing a line before I get tired.'

Even if it was unnecessary help, I'm just paying her back because I've been favored by her.

I opened my mouth quietly, smiling and criticizing Persec and lowering my wooden sword.

"I'll give you a go-ahead. Come on in."

"Yes, then... I'll take care of you."

As soon as she finished speaking, her expression became endless.

She's...

At the same time, blue air began to flow through her whole body.

A decent expat would have suffocated from the heavy flow of manna.

Two bang!!!

Soon after, her body shot in like a shell.

It's like a flash of speed.

At the heavy stab, I went straight through the wooden sword and body, moving smoothly like water.

The difference in the destructive power between a sword with an overwhelming weight and a sword that moves smoothly like water is clear.

The more intense momentum was young on her sword, which she judged so, but I didn't avoid it, but I stepped forward strongly and accelerated it momentarily as if I was turning on the switch.

Crying!!!

Heavy shock echoes everywhere.

Her new model, which was reflexively turned and blocked by caldiras, bounced out like a ball and widened the distance.

"What power..."

Then, very weakly, he swept down my side.

He showed superhuman reflexes to see if his talent was going somewhere, but he didn't completely stop the extra hit.

"It's lighter than I thought for a heavy sword."

Her expression sank at my provocation.

At the same time, her onslaught began based on the violent sway of the air flowing through her body.

Like a landslide, whenever her sword is swung, Mana, who was running violently, strikes again.

It was clear that if he avoided an attack once, he would inevitably block the gap.

Boom! Boom!

There were a series of shock sounds that could not be thought to have come from between the sword and the wooden sword, and they smashed the ground nearby at random.

Even if it is a conflict between the top-notch Oreu and the one that is selected according to the level of the Oreu, its power is far above the basic level.

Boom! Boom!

Her attack, which dealt freely with the center of gravity of the sword, which means a cutting with great power, was heavy.

Boom!

The ground I was standing on was completely destroyed by her sword.

Clearly, the difference between her using a physical sword and her without one was more than double the difference.

'That's enough, Megatron won't last long.'

If she had used the sword, Megatron would have already broken into pieces.

What I showed her was one thing from the beginning. If she pushes me to the sword, the sword of the sword, I have no choice but to respond with the sword of the sword.

[Super-heavy sword, rock strike]

Move the wooden sword gently to accelerate explosively again as it touches her sword.

It is one of my organs to spill the other's sword, but it is too much for a girl who is not even a master even if she is talented.

At the same time, my sword, which struck Illina's sword, turned 360 degrees as if it were cutting through the floor and hit her side once again.

At the same time, the grass floor was violently torn along the trajectory of my throat.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

"Give up?"

"If you were going to give up this much, you wouldn't have come here like this!"

Even though it must have been quite a blow, her onslaught, which she repeatedly attacked her again.

The aftermath of her creation shattered everywhere, but her expression grew darker and darker.

As soon as something effective hits are given, the moving sword blocks her sword and strikes back.

Her straight and destructive swordsmanship was completely blocked by my endless soft swordsmanship.

As if she were being ridiculed, her face became more nervous as the situation went strangely.

Crying!!

It was not long before I, who struck her sword, opened the street and tried to escape, and her body shot out like a shell and blocked me.

At the same time, she, who held the rotating Caldiras as a backwater, dug in without hesitation.

Then there was a little surprising attack.

[Breaking the super heavy swords]

"Oh."

an admiring choice

Apparently, the attack she put in and out of my gap was a sword she used to cut down the vampire maid, Shari, in Felicity's Duchy.

The power itself is incomparable.

It was not until a huge wave that could not be compared to the aftermath that had happened so far that she breathed hard with Caldiras in reverse on the floor.

"This is about... something..."

"Okay, that's it."

However, her wind completely crumbled at the sight of me standing behind her with a wooden sword and tapping on her side.

Her face was horribly distorted by my cool smile.

That's the sword you were using, the bell-cutting. Did you learn it after watching it once?

"Crazy talent, for real?"

It's not what you're saying, but...

"I have a wide range of things to learn, and seeing it once wasn't enough to use it for real.'

It took me ten years to imitate the original form of that sword.

Perhaps it is because the desperate blow was blocked in vain.

She clenched her teeth in a tearful tear, unable to contain her resentment.

I don't want to end it without doing anything!"

Her fits of voice made me realize what her worries and worries were.

Then, as soon as such a conclusion was reached, it penetrated her without hesitation.

The moment when she opened her eyes belatedly after failing to respond.

The wooden sword, which had been moving smoothly like water, exploded for a moment, cut directly above her head and murmured softly.

"Don't miss it, look."

"What? Argh!"

[Detailed day]

[Super-critical giant tree beheading]

Ugh!!

The instantaneous acceleration of destruction was beyond imagination.

Unlike the aftermath of the minor destruction, dozens of meters were scratched away in a single stroke.

"Well, what do you feel?"

"Flashing swordsmanship... I didn't defend myself at all, several times in the same part..."

She seemed confused, perhaps because the weakness of the sword I am now learning was too obvious.

He felt the same way, but he must have repeatedly denied it against the name of the prosecutor.

"You wanted to say... that a heavy sword is a sword full of weaknesses?"

Her words, shouting with confused expressions, rang around.

It was a voice with a young cry of desperation and sadness.

"Do you want to say that heavy swords are old, useless swordsmanship?"

It seemed as if someone who didn't know for sure had played with the worst swordsmanship she was using.

The effective blow her sword brought was completely zero.

"I've chosen the worst swordsmanship..."

As she approached her with a sigh, she burst into tears as if she was falsely accused.

"I told you to watch."

Argh!

"Kkkk?!"

Suddenly she opened her eyes when I gave her a flick on the forehead.

"There's no such thing as a sword that fits everyone perfectly."

"What?"

"That's the same with the swordsmanship of the sword."

There are so many different kinds of people in the world that there is no such thing as swordsmanship that satisfies all of them.