96 # 96

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the four volumes and twenty volumes.

His whole body was very similar to humans, but most of the basic frameworks and bodies were made of stone and metal.

Tuck! Push!

Golem, which had been transforming and spewing steam, began to move smoothly and fully lift itself up.

The size was much larger than it was at first, if it had been quite stretched out.

In addition, it has basically a single-minded, human-like form, not a specialized form for attacking and defending.

To be honest, it would have been difficult for me to make it without the basic Golem base.

Because the technology known to the world can't make such a smooth and agile movement.

That part is a little difficult for me, but the Golem, which used to protect ancient ruins, is very agile, strong, and soft from the movement of how the structure was eaten.

It was the prototype megatron that overcame most of the shortcomings of golem in the world.

It was nothing new about the fact that the cold is still everything.

I murmured silently to the man standing silently in the blue light.

"Come on."

Tuck!!

The answer could not be heard, but the one who used to shine blue light took the posture with a disciplined and soft movement.

"Get some rest."

Tuck!!

"Turn around."

Boom!

"Shout ahead, fire for five seconds."

Trembling! Trembling!

My satisfaction began to soar as he moved me so neatly that I thought every word I said was perfect.

"It's the voice recording Mana Stone from my teacher, and it's perfect for boosting morale and piercing purposes.

"Are you ready for what you asked?"

"Oh. You mean that? It's not in the final stage yet, but there won't be any problems in deploying it."

His words made my head spin.

"Intercept Mode."

Tackling! Tackling!

With my words, he put his huge hands on the floor and slightly bowed.

At the same time, the back was opened, and unusual-looking things popped out and began to align.

"Well, that's... that's..."

"I asked for an interception system, and you made me a final weapon."

"Hahaha! We're not the only ones who have the design on hand. As you said, there are two single-shot artillery bags. There are four long-lasting energy bags that are less powerful."

He exclaims proudly.

"Well, everything you've said has been fitted up and deployed."

"This is enough to make the flying monster burn before it approaches."

There was a sound of swallowing from around.

"Oh, my God... ...the Golem that carries out complicated commands in addition to the first order... ...and that soft moving, rechargeable magic bag... ...David, what did you make you make?!"

"That's right. Are you going to start some kind of war?""

I quietly shook my head at the embarrassing question.

Clearly, many wizards and alchemists were eye-catching when it became known to the world.

There are still many shortcomings, but the fact that basic specifications and commands are carried out steadily is certainly a big harvest.

I smiled at the two people who looked at me in bewilderment.

"In this peaceful era, war is not a war, it is simply a land-defending Guardian."

Of course, a little extreme.

I have no intention of saving money and technology to protect my house.

At my relaxed words, the three of them laughed in vain as if they had lost their minds.

* * *

It is polite to try everything once it is completed.

"If you'll do me a favor, I'll do you a favor. Well, unless you want me to teach you how to use the sword."

"Joe... All right. But that thing, it might break?"

Illina mumbled confidently, with her sword hanging down.

"If it breaks, that's it. You can swing as much as you want."

It wasn't a lie.

If she fails to write a note and is smashed, it will be a failure.

Why do you make that sound?

Considering the destructive power of the Maddo Golem, which became the basic skeleton, it was a natural result.

The prototype megatron is an early work that includes seven Ma Jeongseok, which used to be in charge of producing Maddo Golem.

In fact, he only said so, but he was more than expected.

It'll be hard to beat Sodmaster.

"Can't I be full in the first drink, if there's room for improvement."'

The master, which is a transcendent state, is the name of any dog.

Tuck!!

Illina pulled out a giant sword while looking at Golem and Megatron, who suddenly changed into a battle form as if the mechanism was rotating.

On the other hand, Caldiras seems to have tried to use himself, but if he has the help of the new prosecutor, he cannot make a proper judgment.

"Huhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...

"It won't be easy."

Her eyes were alive with my cool reply.

"Don't regret it."

Whoo!

As soon as she's done talking, she's obsessed with the dae-ryeon and makes a first pitch.

In an instant, a blue mana began to glaze over her sword and whole body, breaking the floor.

At the same time, the beam of the prototype megatron glowed blue and the sword stretched out from the wrist to the floor.

* * *

As a result, Illina suffered a disastrous defeat.

"This is a scam!"

Illina's screaming after being crushed to the floor and unable to move, gave her a satisfying smile.

Although one arm of Megatron was smashed, it rolled on the floor, and its body exploded more than half.

As a result, the prototype Megatron smashed the defenses of Illinois and overpowered her with a sheer assault on the light warrior, the Busker itself.

"What golem is so strong?"

She gritted her teeth hard as she smiled at her shouting.

She, who has the talent of the next-generation top prosecutor who uses swordsmanship, was powerful enough to suffer even if she had sprained a little bit.

"Sigh... Sigh... when you open the distance, you'll fire back... when you get close... ..laugh."

But it's not as efficient as seven marbles.

I expressed my affirmation without a word at the sharp words of Persec.

"If it's good to hit too much, the ancient humans wouldn't have hit the Majeongseok one by one."

A large fuel tank doesn't mean a car is fast. The important thing is the power of the engine.

Rather, I knew well that the bigger the fuel container, the more pressure it will only increase.

"There's a lot of work to be done."

I walked slowly as I rushed to the cart and looked at the dwarfs carrying parts.

Then he sat down on the floor and looked at Illina gasping for breath.

Man, selfishly, I didn't expect it to be a canvas even in this situation.

"Well done."

"Sigh... Sigh, automatic Barrier. Ha, what kind of golem... "

"Isn't the 3 circle magic hard shield basic?"

When asked deftly, she patted her chest as if her outfit was popping.

"So it's a scam! What kind of Golem uses more than three circles of magic?! Are you going to build a continental destruction weapon!"

"Hey, I've hit Ma Jeong-seok. You should do that's enough."

"I shouldn't have said..."

Ulysses, who used to cast a wind spell on her as if she was sick of it, shone in her eyes.

"Davie."

"No."

"......I'm sorry."

Don't be greedy about the Ma Jeong-seok.

I can't believe he was looking at Ma Jeong-seok, the nucleus of the megatron for some time.

I even feel anxious that if I make a mistake again, I will carry it and fly it away.

"I never thought I'd lose to a lump of scrap iron..."

It would have been completely opposed to her victory if she had used a new sword, which is equivalent to her body, but this battle was a conditional match.

I picked good data.

I want to do it myself, but that's not the only way to get the right data.

What is needed is combat data for different methods and different skills.

However, there are many inconveniences to find and invite talented people like her.

So the confrontation between her and Megatron was bound to be of considerable benefit.

"Wow... something's wrong with this. Then as promised. Are you doing me a favor?"

She asks carefully as if she were looking at a swindler.

"As long as you don't want me to teach you swordsmanship."

"Then I'll think about it a little."

She sighed briefly.

"And... ..are you going to make more later?"

"I'm going to make about five prototypes as soon as they're finished."

She pointed to Golem, Megatron, a battlefield where she was stuck shut down.

"Then can you pass on the cold later?"

"Do you know how much that is?"

The labor costs, Ma Jeong-seok, and the ancient magicians of the city are hard to value.

"I didn't ask for it free."

"So I'm going to buy that... ..something like that?"

She tilted her head when I asked her embarrassedly.

Her cold-looking gaze turned innocent and stuck in me.

"I have a lot of money."

It is a delicate answer because it is true.

Then, to her request, I smiled brightly and gave a cool answer.

"You can't even buy it with your money, and I don't sell it."

You're full of greed.

40. How to be kind to the lord.

the Golem Legion to be the Guardian of the Territories

The manufacture of Megatron, the beginning of the Decepticon formation, was the result of my spare time developing the land.

Greed filled with greed made a very simple and endless man.

Although the basic output is similar to that of Mado Golem, it has certainly been a good thing to be able to use sustainability, diversity, and even magic freely.

It was analyzing a sophisticated magic pearl believed to have been created by an ancient sorcerer using a refix cursor, which was used to trace the curse of the territory in the past.

'It's not the other thing. I'm running out of combat data.'

But it's even crazier to get this crazy guy out of the world.

"I'm worried..."

"There you are."

"Did you make another bet?"

"We're supposed to be friends. I came here because I heard that there's one here."

"It's a friend's suggestion. Should I say yes?"

"......can't I do it?"

"There's nothing wrong with it."

She wasn't exactly a problematic figure as a friend.

I've seen enough of her personality in recent years.

"Well... I think Caldiras wants to meet a friend..."

As she turned her head to the scene of holding Caldiras surrounded by cloth, blurring the end of her words, Persec, lying asleep on the processing table, was seen rubbing her eyes with a tired expression.