90 # 90

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 14 of the Four Books

"To be honest, I can understand everything else. By the way,"

Laughing softly, he slowly lifted the horn-rimmed glasses that highlighted his signature soft impression.

"Honestly, I can't believe Moo Young-chang at all. Besides... ...Davie, I can only feel the manna that looks more like or below the average person."

It's a system that's not theoretically possible. That must have been the most curious.

Fortunately, I don't think I made hundreds of thunderstorms that fell in the forest.

To be honest, it's the power of a different gauge.

"Hmm..."

As I moaned for a short time and watched the red wine glistening in the glass, I smiled briefly.

"I tried."

Three people's faces were stunned by my answer.

"What?"

"I tried to die. In that short time."

I didn't lie to them with a look of bewilderment.

It was short.

In fact, a thousand years was not enough for me to build and understand all the training.

from morning till evening

He continued to train without a break, and even when he woke up, he thought about the accomplishment of training.

Goblin, who was passing by, is laughing that I tried so hard on the subject of such heroes being rolled around.

However, these three seemed to interpret my words completely differently.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

They seemed to think that I had built it up to here after I woke up from a coma.

"There's a lot of unproven work in the world, Barris."

"Brother..."

"And I haven't said a word that I've done it in a year."

Barris was silent on what I said. He realized that he was going to answer seriously.

That's why they're so quick-witted!

That quick-witted little boy is one of the few people you really trust.

'Quiet.'

I can't tell you about the corridor.

You can't trust others. Even if I screamed, I just told them that I tried.

Even if it becomes my spouse.

The only thing I know about the truth is...

Ahhhhhhh...

It's probably the only cute private residence where I lie on my knees and yawn.

"Actually, I would only feel a normal person or a man below that level."

"Yes."

But how do we pull out a dense orler blade?"

"That's... ..."

"When it's possible, I'll tell you everything."

"If you do, I guess so."

Before long, Varys smiled coolly to see if he had cleared up the complexity of his head.

"Haha. I'm sorry for Level 5 Ullis, but if you say so, I'll believe that."

"Well, I don't have to ask him why he's so hard to tell. You don't deserve it."

"Thank you for your consideration."

"But could you tell me one thing?"

Ulys eyes were motivated.

At the same time, Winley realized what he was trying to say and put down his glass and looked at me.

"I, too... can I do the silent version?"

To a magician, Muyeongchang is a dreamlike scene. But if it's used by a sorcerer of the same field, not by a cannabis used by the same sorcerer.

It was rude to ask what others had built up and accomplished.

But Ullis seemed to want to get a hint by making such a rude gesture.

He has a debt, so it wouldn't be bad to let him know a little.

At least it's not about the corridor.

"If you're confident you'll throw away all of your mana circles."

"......."

"The odds are about 10 percent. If you fail, there will be a reaction."

"Rebellion?"

"My brain burns. It's black."

I have never seen it in person. It's a conclusion made by four women who created this, so I just believe it.

"Oh, my..."

"I'll give you a homework. Buff magic that you can use right now. Overlap the string into a quintuple window at the same time."

His face turned pale at my words.

"That's... that's a little tough."

"That's one-tenth if it's possible."

I'll try if I know how to do at least eight overlapping.

Some madman's got a magic octuple, you're abnormal.

He grinned at my words.

It won't be easy. I thought about this when I first made Mana Circle, but the Mana Circle currently applied to my body is rather more difficult than making 9 circles of Mana Ring.

"I guess there's no free lunch in the world."

Life is precious, however.

* * *

If one is solved, the other is the problem.

"Huh!"

A bitter smile came out of a sulky voice.

"Hongdan, are you still upset?"

"Boo!!"

The cute little boy of the detection, who smears with his mouth and shows that he is angry, was none other than Hong Dan.

He's cute, but he's puffing up his cheek, and I feel like...

"Hongdan is shaking his head?""

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

I couldn't actually do it because of image management.

The Ego weapons that harbor mana themselves, as they did during the time of the sword Caldiras, feel a great deal of dexterity when their power is rapidly drawn.

Caldiras, who has long been growing and strengthened, seems to have given Hongdan, who is now less than a month old, a considerable amount of mana and consumption to endure.

"Wow... ..."

Cheung Dan, who hugged Hong Dan from the back and rubbed his head, made a painful sound as if he should not do so, but Hong Dan-yi's stubbornness remained steadfast.

"It's so delicious, aren't you going to eat it?"

When I quietly shook the cookie in front of my eyes, the one who closed his eyes and turned his head opened his eyes and glanced at the cookie and turned his head again.

Then slowly open your eyes again and look at the cookies and turn your head away.

It was a childlike idea that appealed to him to be upset.

I want to eat cookies, but I'm angry, so I won't.

I get distracted by the deadly cuteness hidden in the two conflicts.

The problem is that I don't know how to soothe my child.

I shook my hand lightly and smiled brightly.

"If you don't eat, I'll eat it all, right?"

"Uh...Uh."

As expected, Hong Dan-yi's desire for cookies began to be strongly engraved in her eyes.

However, Hong Dan-yi's stubbornness seemed unusual.

"Uh...Uh...Uh..."

Hong Dan, who was at his wit's end, didn't know what to do, was afraid of me...

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

It exploded.

You idiot, what are you doing with the kid?

"Oh, my..."

In the end, Hong Dan, who had been flinching for a long time, cried even more sadly as Persek hugged Hong Dan and comforted him.

She glanced at me with her usual soft expression.

"You..."

She squints her eyes and glares at me as I make a stupid face at the sight.

"Did you ever do anything to raise your body?"

That was my question.

The size of the Persek holding the red Dan in his arms was not a small form of sitting on my head or shoulder as usual.

Although she was short and very small, she looked like an ordinary girl.

Would it be difficult to grow a magma-like body without any shape?

Is it possible for the energy chain to interfere with each other?

Hongdan also seemed to be able to hear Persek's appearance, perhaps thanks to a physical person who is technically made up of a mass of energy.

He's nice, isn't he?

Hongdan swept Hongdan's back and looked up at her gently aging, crying.

"Mother..."

Uh... Mom?!

As Hong Dan hugged her as if she would not let go of Perserk, who shouted with a frightened face, light light light began to flow out everywhere.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! My mother! Abu Amir!"

Is it because of the burst of tears?

It is said that the child's crying is contagious, but Cheng Dan eventually bursts into tears and is hugged by Persec.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

"It's ringing.

She glanced at me with a soft look at my mischievous remark.

It's... It's okay! Uh, mom's here, so don't worry!

Persec was a clever former demon... ..and tactful.

The existence of the Ma tribe in today's continent remains in ancient books and is known as a great evil.

To be honest, if life has emotions, we can see how ridiculous it is to say that it is unconditionally evil and unconditionally good.

"Ha......ha......ha...... I have more cookies."

"Huh!"

Davy, you'd be so cool to shut up the muzzle that sometimes calls for its destruction.

Disappointed...

When I had nothing to say, I felt like I could use the aroma of savory cookies in my mouth.

37. Out of sight.

a magnificent palace

The kingdom is so splendid that it cannot even hold out a business card, and the name of a magnificent and huge palace is called the Dragon Palace.

none other than the largest country on the eastern continent. It was also the palace where the emperor stayed among the Imperial City of Lindis.

There are three great empires and one holy nation on the continent of Tionis.

The biggest continent on the western continent and the three-tailed scorpion in the pattern of the Continent.

And the Palan Empire, which is the continent's greatest power and established by the descendants of the Swordsman, has a long history.

Finally, Balshas, the Holy Land of the Lord of Prussia in the Eastern Continent, and Lindis Empire with the pattern of the twin dragons.

In fact, it is no exaggeration to say that the current situation on the continent is dominated by these four countries. Furthermore, the Lindis Empire was virtually a large coalition of nations that existed on the eastern continent.

And the current emperor of the Grindis Empire, Deort al-Lindis, was shooting a bow without a word in the garden of the inner palace, where only the imperial family could enter.

Whoooooooooooooooooo-ah!

It was a target that seemed to be hundreds of meters long, but he silently pulled the bow and pierced the thick wooden target with an arrow that seemed to blow through the wind whenever he let go.

"Your Majesty, you're going to get sick. How about this?"

Emperor Lindis, who temporarily lowered his bow to the voice coming from his side, smiled coldly at the man who approached me.

Would you like to play a game?"

"Haha, if you have an archery competition with your Majesty, you'll be too ashamed to escape."

"As the next emperor, the next one to lead the Lindis Empire is a terrible one."

The face of Emperor Deord, who spoke calmly, was filled with terrible boredom and fatigue.

His appearance was that of an old man who had been over 70 years old, and yet his physique was so strong and big that he had trained his muscles for a long time.