107 # 107

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the seventh installment of the fifth volume

43. Exploring the ruins.

Properly deploy long-range artillery and alchemy tools to keep opponents in check.

Due to constant interference, he continued to hide his position and spread bait.

The children who were caught were literally trapped and incapacitated, and even if they were found by desperate search, they induced the other person's movements as if they had waited to find them, causing clashes or shaking them off.

Nevertheless, he kept giving new instructions to his partner's situation.

If those traps were really made of murderous things.

If that strange-looking Golem's purple shell was lethal.

The result is an overwhelming act of abuse that is not to be considered.

They thoroughly prevent contact between different teams and expand the scope between them in order to prevent cooperation.

By continuously recognizing the current situation of beating the ground, he/she took away the minimum amount of time his/her opponents had.

It was natural for the problem to be revealed as the leeway disappeared.

The apprentices, who were at a loss for the first time, started to overdo themselves and were overpowered and lost a lot.

Then again, he throws too much and is overpowered by the urgent situation.

a vicious cycle

No word could describe this situation better than that.

"What's this......"

Celia and Boris, who were watching the entire training, could not keep their mouths shut in the forest.

a joke

The current situation, not to be expressed in other words, was dominated by 14 people by just one person.

Only about six people were aiming for it, but it was clear that all the apprentices on the side that could not reach the aftermath were getting caught up.

"This is an amazing situation."

Boris let out a sigh of silence at Celia's sickening muttering remarks.

I thought he had excellent production and control of golem but lacked hands-on experience.

But what is this?

"Do you see the path of the Iilina apprentice?"

"Hmm? Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...

"I'm almost predicting the next situation after seeing a little bit of the kids' movements. Not being able to handle it with a golem or a trap means that we're keeping the Ilyna apprentice in check by moving him to the shortest route. It's like... ..."

Celia, who was struggling to find a word to express her words vaguely, sighed.

"That boy... just for the majority..."

"You mean more than a seasoned general... ...no, they can't be so shrewd. Of course, the kids who are getting involved don't even know why they're stopping them."

He loses his words in his bold strategy of knowing his opponent's level.

It was real.

The firepower is not strong, the time to hold the ankle is not that long.

If the two people who are watching this show are determined to do so, they will hardly be able to establish themselves as obstacles.

but

At that moment, the way you keep your opponent in check with your judgment, and the level of efficiency you can get in line with your team members...

It was more than I imagined.

It was a case in which it was desperately felt that one cannot know a person by looking at one side by side.

The swordsmanship, which showed sloppy movements, was the worst talent, but the rest was 180 degrees different.

The most surprising thing is that the man who is committing all this is still young. He was a boy who had just come of age.

"If this isn't a coincidence, it's ridiculous..."

"I thought Ilyna's apprentice had absolute confidence, but... oh!"

It's not a genius, it's a level close to disaster.

"In just 15 minutes, we tripled our territory. Ilyna's apprentice's speed at which the territory is directly extended is also the speed...."

The time limit is running out.

At first, they all had the same area, but only three teams have already been completely deprived of most of their territory by Davy and have been stranded without this or that.

The expectations of the training were in fact equally aimed at gaining experience with each other by stealing and taking away areas.

When they start to be put into the Pandora area, they often team up with dozens of people and play many field games.

In that sense, Davy's ability is.

In a sense, they have something beyond themselves.

"Teacher Celia."

"What?"

"I'm telling you now that a boy with that sense and wisdom left the Golem frozen because he didn't know anything about the Xio apprentice."

"In the beginning, the golems didn't freeze properly, maybe... maybe they were playing with it..."

That's enough! End of training! Don't move the injured person in the spot and wait for the teachers to come back!"

Soon after, as Boris' cry spread throughout the forest through magic, the binge completely died down.

"Really... What the hell was he doing?"

It would not be easy to gain such an unhesitating experience in this era.

Celia, who was watching the training through a crystal ball, squinted her eyes as she watched David, a black-haired boy touching the golem that slowly disentangled her transformation.

* * *

You said you were going to take out a stone that had rolled into it.

No, it was almost destroyed, not taken out, but it had to endure this much bleeding for mutual interests.

I can participate as a partner for the exam.

And I'm going to collect various data from megatrons that occur when they move in a strategic configuration.

Even if it brought jealousy from other apprentices, it didn't really matter to me except for her promise.

but

Not everyone seemed to have been grinding their teeth as hard as I thought.

With just one training, the apprentices seemed to have judged me as a golemist with a really good field grasp and golem control, even though my physical abilities seemed sloppy.

Since then, he has corrected himself to be an alchemist, but the presence of Golem Megatron seems to have been huge.

"Ilina! Here! Here!"

She's a great empress who doesn't have to be afraid outside, but she's just the same motive here.

As soon as they entered the restaurant, they welcomed Illinois and waved their hands. There was no particular objection or difficulty to the class.

"Lincie!"

"Long time no see! How many months has it been since we saw each other? Are you enjoying the outside world?"

Starting with a girl with a brittle brown hair, two girls with light pink hair that look like twins.

And there was one boy whose presence was not normal even if he stayed still.

Lindsey, who came up and hugged Illinois once, took her arm and sat on one side of the long table.

"Here, sit here. And...."

"This is Davy All-Own."

"Oh, that's right! Mr. Davy! My name is Lindsay Pala! The twins here are Shirer Renda and Fendir Renda. And that idiot over there, he's... well, he's the same age, so can I talk informally?"

"You can do as you please."

"Yes! Sit here! Here!"

She offered me a seat to see if I had a good fit, and I didn't seem to care about the fact that I blew her up once in the bombing of Megatron.

"By the way, you're just in the nick of time again, aren't you?"

"There's work outside."

"What do you mean, Illina's a member of Roaming Night?"

Lindsey, who was smiling cutely, soon turned to me.

"So, now that I've brought Davy to Illinois, is he a Roaming Night?"

"Roaming Night?"

When he put an interesting face on the word he heard for the first time, Hague, a boy caught eating, smiled.

"I'm an outside knight who creates a connection with the secular world. Roaming Knights are the knights who travel to and from the outside world. And Anchor Night, who lives here without any connection with the world and kites.

Surely, stagnant water is bound to rot.

And money is essential to get supplies and other things.

According to Hague's explanation, the Reinfos Alpha was divided into two groups.

Roaming Night is the first. The main tasks are financing, distributing goods, and collecting information.

And the second one is Anchor Night.

It is a group of knights who are responsible for protecting the area from the outside world, and a force that keeps the area under surveillance like a sword.

As everyone who came here had their own circumstances, they stayed the way they wanted.

"That would be Roaming Night."

"What's Dave doing out there, then? A noble man with a castle? Or... are you royalty?"

"I'm a prince, by the way. He's a prince and lord of a country."

"Wow... I can't believe I've actually seen the prince..."

Illina raised her fork with a bored look and pointed at me.

What would have happened if the royal family and nobles of the Palan Empire had seen him act as if he had taken away the etiquette of the royal family?

"That was great, by the way! I thought you made the golem yourself."

"That's right, how surprised I was to see a sudden drop of methane during the training. I lost all my territory in the meantime."

The twin girls jabbed at me as if they suddenly remembered me.

It's not that I don't know how much I screwed them up when I was training, so it wouldn't be weird if I grabbed them by the collar right away.

They were just training, but they were taking it as if it was natural for the strong to check.

'They're all in the flower bed.'

[You don't have to be so crooked, do you?]]

Her answer came when she changed the will transfer magic she had put on her at the time of the training.

Actually, I'm worried, too.

It was Illina who was worried at the same time.

Certainly, some of them seemed wary of whether they were wary of the nonsense I showed them during the training.

On one side, Shio Howl, who is very openly expressing hostility, and the expressionless Treb, as if nothing would surprise him.

Xio Howl and Treb's team is on the opposite side of my team.

Although I was not unexpectedly affected by my attack, it seemed that for Hsiao Howl, I was so unhappy that I had the best result in training.

[Xio Howl is an anchor night to the bone. That's why I don't like members of Roaming Night. What should I say, there's a power struggle between Anchor Night and Roaming Night.

'You stupid son of course.

It occurred to me that way.

If the two knights split without joining forces, Reinfos Alpha, one of the pillars of the secret Knights Last Whispe, would have been split before.

I don't know if he knows or not.

Maybe it's because of the racist logic.

Persec's exquisite metaphor gave him a nod.

"But I never knew that golem was so strong. Besides, I'm being set up by a trap that Illina spread..."

"I've never seen anyone fighting with tools..."