109 # 109

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the fifth and ninth installments

The alchemy system is, frankly, more like memorization or understanding than practice.

Because of that, I only learned the information with an ignorant memory, but I have never made anything significant.

It must be a moment of regret that you only put your knowledge in your head and didn'

Weing! Weing!

Illina, who saw a sharp cone of iron spinning in a ferocious manner, looked almost emaciated now.

"I've seen you every time, Davey, but you've got a knack for making something really ugly, and I can't help but shudder just by looking at you."

Certainly, when he first made a design and handed it over to Golda, the elder of Dwarf, he said the same thing.

"Well, I like your brilliant ideas, but this is just as hideous as it is, isn't it?'

A drill that turns a huge lump of metal on a large scale of mana.

"We've only made a few modifications available with the data we've accumulated so far, but we still need to do more experiments on durability and sustainability, right?"

I don't expect much. It's not that the ingredients aren't enough.

It's just what comes to mind, so it's no big deal.

One of the factors to consider was that the drill was broken or the output was sharply reduced because it was made as it was made without any data right away.

It took about three days to complete the drill, which was primarily a prototype custom part.

I was very proud because I worked on the construction for three days without a break at the underground of the new Hines estate, the Decepticon containment workshop, and now the initial finished product came out.

Ging!! Ging!

It checks the power of megatron by inserting drills into experimental steel plates and digging them out without mercy.

"It's a missril coating for black iron, but it's not that durable."

Just as guns attach scopes, lasers, and flashlight handles, the advantage of golem is that it can attach custom parts.

In this sense, the drill could be said to be a starting point for equipment that is free to be mounted and released.

As expected, the speed of development is different as it is bumped and rolled around rather than making it based on theory alone.

"And where are you going to test it?"

I shrugged my shoulders as if it was a sudden thought, as Illina carefully asked.

"It's all over the city of Knights Headquarters. Over-discharged chicks with a hormone that will test the performance of the new product."

Illina's expression looked like food waste when I said it.

"...you're such a son of a gun."

I know.

* * *

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Two girls running frantically around the smokestack, screaming or crying.

Keying!! Keying!!!

Bboa-ang!!

And Megatron is chasing two girls with an electric saw in one hand and a drill in the other.

Well, I love the performance except it overheats too fast.

It would be nice to pierce the mana yourself, but the entry into Pandora's area, where the beasts are running properly, has not yet been given permission to enter.

"Well... stop!"

"Lose! Surrender! Surrender!"

Screaming down, two of the twin sisters, Fendir Renda, and her partner, Lindsay Pala, shouted palely.

I know it won't hurt, but it has excellent instinctively frightening effects.

"Stop operation."

[Accept command.]

As soon as he could hear me, Megatron, who was rushing relentlessly, stopped the hideous things held in both hands and leaned down slowly.

The mid-range spirits of the wind, Fendir Renda and the Expert Hunter Lindsay Pala, can be fairs for intermediate-range checks.

Using the spirit of the wind, they increase their mobility and hit and run with the wheel-and-wheel match between Lynx and Fendir.

It's not a bad combination, but both of them lacked firepower to blow that huge, heavy body of Megatron.

The spirits, which were urgently summoned and put up as walls, are torn by electric saws and holes in the drill, so there is no one to protect them.

"I asked you to take a look at it..."

"Huhhhhhh..."

Fendir's cry, which makes him cry, makes him cry when I take a candy out of his pocket without hesitation.

There is nothing justifiable in appeasing children, either.

"Davie! Please help us, too!"

Then came the twin sister of Fendir Renda, and Hague Fair, who handles lemmings.

Become an apprentice and go back and forth from the Hines estate for nearly two weeks.

In the meantime, there has been a strong perception among apprentices that I am quite strong and good at judgment.

It is said that people change little by little when they live in conflict with people.

I may have been more fond of these little guys who treat me as a motivation than necessary.

In fact, this experience was the first of its kind, from the past to the present life and the life in the corridor.

I couldn't deny that I was attracted to people who had only been together for less than a month.

It's only secondary that my teachers have improved their evaluation of my abilities.

I don`t know how I felt when I was a student."

Throughout my past life, I don't remember my school days since elementary school.

It wasn't that I had no memory. I've never been out of the hospital since I was in middle school until I died.

All I could remember was spending my life in an aseptic room at a hospital like a prison.

When I thought of that, I was very annoyed.

"We've prepared a lot for today! Now that I know how to target the Golem, it won't be easy."

After patting on Megatron's arm gloves, which had been silent waiting for an order of operation, I honestly smiled pleasantly.

"I'm looking forward to that, let's go with the DDD tactical type."

[Accept Command]

Dark Dark! Death! Destroy!

Keying!! Weing!!

At the same time, the drill and the electric saw turned fiercely and the blue-glazed steel monster began to move again.

Later, the battle ended when a new historical site was discovered and several cries were heard that all the apprentices were going to the site for a field trip.

44. Fall!

Undeveloped ruins recently discovered at the beginning of Pandora's territory.

The three teachers in charge of the training of the Knights seemed to have decided to send the apprentices to the site for a field trip.

"Thanks to the policy implemented by you, the harmony between the existing and new residents is more stable than expected."

"Okay, that's good."

"And... ..there has been a message from the chief of the Vespers royal guard, but the number of visits by Lord Ramdas of the Court has been increasing..."

"Really?"

"Well, you're still my father. Why don't you visit him?"

"That's enough."

In my words, General Bernille just smiled bitterly and said nothing.

He wouldn't want to visit me, and I'm not in a situation where I'm in the mood to meet him.

I heard that Kalus, who recently became the second prince in the royal castle and planted a circular hair loss, is getting worse day by day.

He had terrible round hair loss and the cries of bizarre animals stuck to him at the end of his speech. Although the curse of speech has disappeared, the hysteria is probably unusual as the sun has not been planted in the head.

Destroy yourself while suffering as much as you can.

In the end, there was only one result that he would win from the beginning.

"By the way, you've been showing your face a lot lately. Did something happen?"

"Do you think so? I recently met some funny guys."

"Yes, I'm being profane, but honestly... ...you looked like an old man in the world over the world."

"You've improved your pranks again, I'll take it as a compliment."

As he accepted pleasantly, General Bernil smiled satisfactorily.

I saw these young shoots with expectant expressions in front of me, who came back to Goseong with familiarity after being seen off by the members of Yeongji.

"Oh! Davy! ILINA! You're here, aren't you?

The apprentices who bragged about their bare bags behind them, such as whether they were looking forward to the actual class, were definitely chickens that were over-secreted with joy.

"Silent!"

Soon, three teachers, including Boris, appeared as if they had waited for all the apprentices to gather in the auditorium.

"As you all know, this time we're going to have a real class with a mystery found in the entry area of Pandora!"

"Where you're going is the real game! Remember, there's a danger everywhere that you don't know when you're going to kill yourself!"

"Don't let your guard down. For the Knights, carelessness is death."

They seemed to be already deaf to the ears of those who twinkling their eyes.

Subsequently, under the guidance of the teachers, the apprentices who got on the wagon chattered like children on a picnic.

Such a stimulus may have been more refreshing than expected, as some people live here alone, leaving the world behind.

"Uh......."

Then, after moving for about five hours, a faint sound came out of my mouth when I found the form of the ruins that arrived.

It's...

Pandora, the northern part of the eastern and central continents.

What is the difference in distance, but how can such an identical site be seen?

It's slightly different, but... most of them are similar.

Contrary to my opinion, the Junior apprentices simply put forward a remarkable relic, but I was lost in a slightly different way.

Hines's estate was also heavily submerged.

If, as expected, this level of remains has yet to be found, there must be something big inside.

"Shall we take it easy?"

It seemed worth a try, let alone not be possible.

Is there a golem again?

Then let's just pick out the part where Ma Jung-seok and Magic Circle are arranged. It's also a problem that there is only one megatron in the Decepticon formation.'

As there is still only one more golem being created, the more it will be the perfect Guardian unit to deal with the problems that will occur on land.

"Everybody be quiet! I can't see an inch ahead of me from here! Be aware that the only thing you can trust is your partner! If you can save it, save him! If you think it's dangerous, just pull yourself out!"

Boris, a warning host, nagged a few times before pulling out the sword!

"From now on, you guys! Exploring the ruins!"

The apprentices' eyes twinkled with expectations at the firm cry.

* * *

Sure enough.

The interior of the site was almost identical to that of the site on the Hines estate.

An inner wall that is made of an unidentified rock block that does not break easily even if it is hit with a blade. And even between the blue-shining crevices.

However, the difference from the area was that the golem was not visible.

It's a shame, but if such people came out of this place, it is highly likely that they could not have come here.

By the way, they had less power than Megatron, but they had more than the best firepower of the Expert.

"This place is made up of three floors in total."

Alisa Patrick's voice came from the side as she was following Illinois, who was leading without a word.

"Third floor?"

"Yes, but the first and second floors are unique places where only the lower animals are found, so there seems to be no problem with the apprentices' field trips."

She's been doing me a favor by listing information I haven't asked.

More than idol, the burden doubles.