101 # 101

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the first installment of the fifth volume.

41. Secret Knights Reinforce Alpha.

"It's not enough.

I murmured seriously, following the megatron, which raked and advanced at random.

"What else is missing here?""

Like the screaming Illinois, Persec looked tired of the aftermath of the Golem he helped.

She's thinking the same thing, it's so flat!

"Is the appearance a problem, or should we add some music?"

When I imagined it lightly, the scene began to appear in front of me.

It is a Guardian that sends out explosive rock music and wields electrical saws, a great means of communication.

"Oh, my God! I'm so motivated."

The horse is a robot, and Mado Golem is almost made of magic, but the appearance itself is no different from a transforming robot full of greed.

"What are you talking about?"

Illina asks me as if I'm embarrassed by my desire, but I can't hear her.

The roar and the earthquake are causing the hidden beasts to attack.

As a result, all are equally victims of the electric saw.

Crying!

Screaming is rampant as the whole body is torn apart.

Megatron, who trampled on and exploded a Mutant Wolf who was trying to escape in fear, looked around and quietly stored weapons.

[Full terrain, enemy-estimated destruction of the object.]

The effect of adding a human-tipped Missril alloy steel plate was clearly revealed.

It is an alloyed Missril steel plate that was not attached when I was competing with Illina, but the effect of readjusting it after the fight with her was revealed.

"Is there anyone stronger than Mutant Wolfe around here?"

"......at least not around here. Mutant Wolfe has a large population because of its fast reproduction. The knights clean up regularly, but they often show up like that."

As she said, this area is definitely the territory of her secret Knights, Reinforce Alpha.

At least if they're an organization that hasn't lost their sense of duty, they won't let the beasts run like this.

"I've heard that Pandora above has a lot of strong beasts that can't be compared to Mutant Wolfe underneath the Transcendent."

"Overweight?"

"Yeah, I've never seen it in personally. It's said to be the strongest of the beasts in Pandora's domain. Swordmasters are strong enough to tear them apart."

She spoke bitterly.

"Of course, we're not going to stop them from attacking them ourselves. It's not up to apprenticeship, it's up to the best of the formal members."

I just nodded quietly at the sight of her speaking calmly.

"Mega-tron, dormant mode."

[Accept command. Enter sleep mode.]

Tackling! Tackling! Tackling!

Soon after, when Megatron, who had not cleared his guard as he went ahead, turned into a big carriage, I opened the door wide and looked at Illinois without hesitation.

"What... what?"

"Get in. I don't think there's anyone around, so I'll walk in some time."

At what I said, she got into the carriage with an expression of bewilderment, but with an air of wonder.

"Oh, my God... space... expansion magic? In general, for life to enter, the cost of space is astronomical..."

Her face, muttering with a frightened look, was full of distrust toward me.

That's because the inside of the carriage was much larger than the size seen outside the carriage.

"This... once it's destroyed, isn't it? How much money did you put on?"

"If you save money on your hobby, does it become a real hobby?"

Her eyes began to taper off.

Davey, I think she knows what he's thinking.

What is it?

Cook... this crazy guy's making some money, and he's going crazy!

'.......'

I want to say no, but the problem was that if she reveals her real personality, she can clearly see what she is thinking beyond her imagination.

In the first place, the expansion magic is definitely a difficult task... but only if the theory and the skill are certain, it's a work that's more like a laborer.

I wouldn't have paid such a high price to ask the tower.

It's quite unfair.

* * *

Maybe it's because of the clean-up.

Since the beginning, I have not met any of the creatures, including Mutant Wolfe.

It was unfortunate for me to have to extract more diverse data, but it seemed good for Illina, who didn't want to get involved in an accident.

'This forest has a terrible arrangement of mana.'

I can't get it sorted out.

I slightly frowned as I was looking outside the quiet moving carriage.

Just as something interferes, the mana that normally spreads widely around the body is not properly controlled like noise.

It is also subject to terrible noise limited to exploring the surroundings.

This is the only way for countries that can be detected to be easily touched.

It's like...

It's like a metropolitan fault.'

As a result, it was safe to say that my prediction was right.

"This forest, for the sake of hiding the base of Leyne Force Alpha, has a detection barrier in the wide area. So it's hard for Manaro to find a base even if it's not a specific person."

I turned my head to her explanation.

She smiled as she looked out the window creeping out of the wall of the carriage.

"When I first came here, I don't know how embarrassed I was, I'm sure it's the basic thing to spread out my mana and keep my surroundings alert, but somehow it's noisy, so is the forest different from the rest of this? I did."

There was a faint smile on her lips as if the conversation was pleasant.

"As I later became a member, I realized, most of the last Whispees, including the Reinfos Alpha, have these strings near the base. Perhaps the Lippos Alpha's detection barrier covers most of this forest."

"What about the other side?"

"That's... that's the deal."

She raised her hand with a big smile on my question.

Her white and pretty fingers had two rings, one with a seal representing the royal family of the Palan Empire and the other with a unique amber ring.

"It's an artifact that keeps us from being affected by the consequences. I actually don't know much about magic because I dug the sword to death, but I heard that it keeps the wearer from being affected by the special wavelength."

Her words gave rise to interest.

This method was a bit novel, but it seemed worth trying, even though I had never tried it myself.

"Hmm ring..."

"If you become a member of Reinforce Alpha, it's the way teachers pay you."

"Teacher?"

"They're the seniors, aren't they? It's true for any organization, but the secretive Knights must maintain the organization in a special way, but it's impossible to attract the completed people anytime. That's why I have a way of teaching talented children to join the platform from an early age. I joined a little late..."

Whaaaah!

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

It was then.

With a sudden sound of shock, the carriage shook, and her body fell to me like a bounce.

Alarmed by the sudden shake, she frowned and groaned, forgetting that her body was in my arms.

"Ouch... what... what is this?"

Open your mouth off!

Then the door of the carriage that stopped suddenly opened, and a boy with blue hair stormed in with an infinite cold look.

"Hi?!"

"Ilina..."

"What the hell are you doing?!"

Alarmed by the situation, Illina screamed, forgetting that she had lost her balance and hugged me.

We exclude intruders. Ilina, what do you think you're trying to get an outsider in here."

a cold voice with a chill in the air

As if to represent his cold expression, small ice bullets cast around him were rich and trembling as if they would fly at any time, targeting her and me at the same time.

"Even an outsider wouldn't have the authority to do this."

"You don't deserve to ask me now, and now you're strictly in violation of the rules and are subject to disciplinary action."

As soon as he was finished, a little black-haired boy of his age walked slowly toward the carriage.

"Sio, there's no one else around."

"......you weren't that stupid. If you brought in more people, you would be executed here."

"Don't be ridiculous, who are you to punish the same unit?"

She gets up from her seat covering my body and spreads her hand lightly.

At the same time, her brooch gathered in her hands emitting light and soon began to turn into a white giant sword.

Everything is for the Reinfos Alpha."

"Don't be ridiculous, you're clearly out of line now. If you don't get out of your magic right now, I'll make you pay for it's"

This is not a place for people other than Danwon to come in."

"I brought him here."

The grumbling, low-chewing look on Ilina's face looked really angry.

Beep beep~

At that time, I heard the cry of an unusual bird from far away.

"Sio, it's a return order. They want me to bring back Illinois and civilians."

"......."

When the black-haired boy said, Xiao kicked his tongue annoyingly and glared at me.

"You're lucky."

If the absurdity goes too far, no words are said.

When I tried to do something about him, Illina clasped my hand.

Then he smiled bitterly.

"I'm sorry, I'm embarrassed, too.

Apparently, it was a different development than she expected, so I didn't expect her to be able to give a proper explanation.

"Living."

I smiled and opened my mouth as I saw him leaving the carriage without any regret.

"What?"

"Be careful not to live. Not twice."

"You..."

The moment Xio's lips cringed as if he were trying to refute something with my light smile.

"Xio, we're protecting the human race, not in the unit to thrust the sword in."

"......."

The black-haired boy held him back and eventually the collision failed.

* * *

Would they have followed the two boys who escorted us as if they were criminals for about 30 minutes.

The party could not stop until it arrived at the old castle.

Oh... ..she wanted this!

What was so exciting was that Persek looked around and liked it, and the fact also made me quite excited.

'It looks like a pretty old style.'

That's right! This is the architectural style she had in her life!

She flew about in a rare flurry of excitement.

Usually, she would have said that she was soft and lost her composure, but her face seemed so happy that she felt sorry to bring it up.

Fortunately, there is no one else but me who can see her.

If I had to choose, there would be Hongdan and Chengdan, but the two of them are asleep in a sheath tied to my waist.