108 # 108

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the fifth and eighth installments

There is also a person with the rare ability, but there is no combat alchemist.

In fact, the occupation of combat alchemists often encounters various factors. Even for me today, I would not have thought of making a megatron without the original version of Golem, which was built with ancient technology.

In early civilization, there is no way to know what complications have led to the development of alchemy, but at this point in time, alchemy remains at the stage of development.

To be sober, the past, which was desperate to survive, must have been more promising.

Every development comes from the development of weapons.

It's an ironic fact.

Like a student enjoying his school days, he was talking about various things without hesitatingly.

"By the way, what's going on between you two?"

"Yes, I know. Ilyna is rumored to be engaged to the youngest elder on the Red Tower. Then you're not in a relationship."

You seem to have a good heart because you don't deny it too much.

"Winley's rival is a bit of a high spec. It's because my personality is a bit different.'

Let's go.

They seem to be wondering among themselves, but sadly, it is not an interesting factor for children who like fairy tales.

I don't know what to say.

I drenched Illinois in the Duchy of Felisty, and then she came to the Hines estate to sternly punish me, and then she got involved?

Well, that sounds pretty good.

"A friend who shared secrets."

However, Illina just replied quietly with a calm face if she did not intend to use such useless rhetoric.

However, I could not avoid the feeling that I was quite obsessed with the word "friend."

For a royal family like that child, even a friend can't be recklessly met and dated.

It makes sense.

"Oh my! Ilina, there is no friend between men and women."

It was then.

A white, colorful yet neat girl approached Illina with a bright smile.

"Lucia?"

At the same time, Illina, who identified her identity, flinched and smiled.

"I've been waiting a long time. How long has it been since you came back?"

"Oh, well..."

"All of this is the grace of the first saint, Daphne."

No matter how I look at it, it's the attire of the Holy Father, who serves the Priya.

It's not the Priya you gave me. It's Daphne who has a bad temper.

I had a sour look on my face, and Lindsey across the street smiled.

"Lucia Shelman is an awful big fan of the first saint. So I memorize the achievements of the first saint every time and spread them around. The problem is, it's a little too much."

I looked at Lucia, unable to hide my feelings of bewilderment at her explanation.

"Nice to meet you. I'm Lucia Shelman. This is my partner, Davey, right?"

"Oh... yes."

"It's really nice of you to come. Not only this, but Davy is also the first saint of Daphne's hidden achievements... ..."

Her chattering face, as if it had already started, seemed full of respect for the saint Daphne.

He won't know. What the first saint she had so little respect for did in the corridor.

In my opinion, I held my partner's hand tightly, trying to run away with a bored look, and undoubtedly began to lay out Daphne's achievements.

"Daphne, in a word, is noble and good enough to be called the reincarnation of God... "

No, she's a cursing woman and a nasty drunk.

* * *

Lucia Shelman was more than expected.

Although there are many cases of people in the world. To be honest, it was the first time that Daphne didn't fall into everything like this.

"I've seen her obsessive about the signs of the body, but this is...

It's not a level of obsession.

A fanatic sketchythe!

"Daphne, the first saint left in the Bible, is said to have been extraordinary since she was a child. It is said that boys and girls of the same age who fell in love with his personality followed him with one mind."

Do you think she knows that Daphne, who is so respectful, was actually the best alley leader that encompassed the children of the whole world?

I heard all the guys I didn't like were beaten with that little fist.

"Daphne's personality is also famous in the Holy Land. Any criminal is said to be self-repentant after talking to him.

It would not be wrong if the words [x-footed] or [x-like] and [dog-like x-luck x-meat] were included in the benevolent speech.

To be exact, I didn't penitiate the criminal with mercy and inclusion, but with my fist.

Come on, Davey! If you let me know that, you'll get caught by the collar!

My mouth is itchy.

"It's not just that! "Daphne, the first saint, never misses a day in serving the Lord of Priya..."

"He said he was caught hiding because he was annoyed by the regular service he had every time."

I closed my mouth with a prickly look at the reflexive voice.

"What?"

My... ..my mouth is the root of the fire.

"It's true, but what do you want me to do? He said he was good at it, citing reasons that weren't so good.'

She tilted her head as she smiled awkwardly at Lucia, who looked surprised at my words.

"Oh, someone else. Don't worry."

"Isn't that right? It's ridiculous that the first saint is hiding!"

The word "cannot cover the sky" soared to the throat and sank.

You are often surprisingly impulsive when it comes to corridor heroes.

Well, it's not that I haven't thought about why.

There was no reason to bite it any longer if you misunderstood it and let it go.

Lucia's exhausted partner, who kept talking about Daphne's praise, quickly pulled her arm.

"Aha, I'm sorry. I can't stop him if he's on. We'll go somewhere else. Come with me, you base."

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

"I am serving the goddess of the Priestess, not the saint of Daphne."

At last, he quickly found out that the five men were getting pale, and as if he was familiar with this situation, he snatched Lucia's back and left.

"It's hard every time you're Lucia's partner."

"Yeah."

I heard you don't have any friends between men and women.

Why don't you just call it my payment?

I don't mean to burn the South Koreans in the name of Dongdang.

My money?

It means "When I do it, it's romance, when others do it, it's an affair."'

It may mean that it is not even a day or two since they talk as if they are used to it.

"Linci? The atmosphere of the Knights was subtly chaotic..."

At that time, Illina, who seemed to be thinking about something, asked quietly.

"Oh, you mean when you first came here with Davey? Obviously, even if you're an outsider, teachers rarely seem so nervous. Mr. Shio also went too far. He's a big fan of running, isn't he?"

"Um... should I explain this..."

The twin sisters, who were worried about what to say, were not being able to open their mouths easily.

"It looks like someone touched the super-wallet shandra."

A pretty girl with scarlet hair, who had been looking far away, approached slowly and smiled attractively.

"Alisa Patrick..."

At the same time, Illina, who checked her face, looked a little tired.

"Long time no see, dusk."

"Don't make a dent here."

"Hahoot."

She smiled satisfactorily and gracefully, and opened her mouth again.

"The top judges that there is a spy inside the Knights, and the atmosphere is like this and this. In addition, a number of knights were killed and injured in the recent attack of the beast."

"Alisa! That's classified for an apprentice!"

"Oh, did you?"

Her eyes reached me, smiling with no sign of embarrassment.

"But it's funny that only Ilyna and Davey don't know, because you know that's funny, right? Prince Davy?"

I grinned at her words.

"Is that so?"

"Hoot, I didn't know Prince Davy would come here."

"Do you know me?"

"Oh, of course. I belong to Roaming Night, so few people in the East have ever heard of Prince Davy."

She approached me with a gentle smile.

In terms of appearance, she is a little lower than Illina.

Of course, the comparison was fraudulent, but she belonged to a beauty who was great enough.

However, there is a subtle sense of deja vu.

It's not a bad feeling, but I don't know what to explain.

"Well, do you have anything to say?"

She breathed out a short breath at the sight of her staring at me without a word.

Then he quietly took something out of his arms and stuck it out proudly.

"Please leave a handwriting! If you're going to write my name..."

"What?"

"I'm a fan! You're my idol. Prince Davy!"

She shouted with a red face, but she looked dazed for a moment later.

* * *

It seems that Alisa Patrick was a small member of the same Palan Empire as her.

"The family of Alisa, the Patrick, is a member of the Conservatives. That's why. I've heard a lot about being a woman or living like a woman since I was young."

"What does that have to do with me being an idol?"

"I know someone I know. You're the weak prince who was swept away by the torrent without any strength in the royal family of the Loun Kingdom. But you're independent, making great businesses successful and developing land quickly."

Your name, unexpectedly, is spread throughout the Central Continent.

She smiled quietly and added the aftertaste.

"Illina's explanation, which was sitting on a table and nodding her legs, gave a soft nod."

"Will they add new features?"

"You're going to put something on it again?"

"It's just greed. I wish I could take off the custom parts and attach them."

If your dream is an electric saw, she's more attracted to the drill.

My eyes glistened as I was looking at Megatron as if I was agonizing over Persec's opinion.

"Drill... oh, that's good."

"Drill? What's that?"

Illina asked me coldly if she felt uneasy about what I said.

Instead of answering, I just kept my mouth shut to watch.