100 # 100

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Four volumes and Twenty-four episodes

"Last Whispe has to be kept confidential, but the organization itself has to be maintained. Therefore, once you become a member, whether you are a member or an apprentice, you can bring only one person in your life in the form of a disciple. Of course, I'd have to be a member of the team... ...but if you falsely report that you're dead later, the problem will be gone."

She was telling me she was using the only chance she had left. Unless you're a fool, you know how important it is.

Of course, that's her situation, not mine.

When the simple question was resolved, there was nothing left to be bothered about.

I took a small magic pocket with minimal tools and took a cube the size of my fist on the table in my office.

"How about that?"

"Mega-tron MK2"

"What?"

"It's the Golem Guardian you fought with."

She looked at the little cube in bewilderment at my words.

But he soon nodded quietly as if he understood something.

Artifacts with space expansion or reduction magic are quite common.

"There's nothing more to prepare, so let's go right away, we have a lot to do."

In my words, she put her magic artifact on the floor and reached out hesitatingly.

"I'm going to use a mobile artifact, but if you don't want to bounce off a strange place while you're on the move, you need to have minimal physical contact."

"Hmm."

She, who held my fingertips carefully, coughed for a short time, for some strange shame. Then he slowly recited the starter.

"Well... Crystal Warp, go on."

Whooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh!

The artifacts she used were slightly different from the small mana gate.

Regardless of distance, it seems to be an artifact that moves you to a certain space, but there is no way to know the details.

It's a system that can't be traced. It's pretty good.

At least you don't have to worry about being followed if you use something like that.

In an instant, the wavelength of Mana, which surrounds the surrounding area, completely surrounded Illinois and my body, and soon the surrounding area changed completely with bright light.

* * *

What I saw right after the bright light disappeared was a dense forest.

"Is this forest too big to grow grass in?"

It was not a miserable forest that could not be seen an inch ahead like a jungle.

Dozens of, or even hundreds of meters of grass and trees are not growing properly thanks to the dense covering of the sky.

"What about here?"

Pandora's territory in the northern part of the Mediterranean. Underneath it is the Central Continental North Great Forest."

You flew quite far at once.

The Kingdom of Louns is a two-big country that straddles the Latma Mountains, the largest mountain range in the East.

It is a small country caught between the Holy Land of Balshas and the Lindis Empire.

Just by looking at the distance that is several times the kingdom's territory at once, you can see how much influence she has.

"It'll take a month if you walk. Weeks in the carriage. Besides, there's a fault line in the area, so it's not easy to get in by land."

I looked around the forest without a word in her explanation.

It is quite dark because the sky is densely covered, but is it because of the shining grass on the floor? There is some blue light all over the forest.

"Last Whispe I belong to... so the name of the Secret Knights is Reinforce Alpha. It mainly detects and deals with threats from Pandora's territory."

"Is what you want in Pandora's territory?"

She smiled bitterly at my words.

"No, just being a Knight of the Reinforce Alpha, I can go to other parts of the country... ...and I need that authority. There is a place where even the royal family can't enter."

the authority and ability to enter and leave confidential areas at will

It wasn't really worth worrying about what she was desperately up to.

That kid lost his mother to a vampire, Davey. Maybe he's desperate to find traces of vampires.

"That's why the top turns whenever I see a vampire."'

Surely now the Empress of the Palan Empire is vacant.

"I must pass this test."

She murmured quietly, as if to whip herself.

"We're gonna have to deal with those first."

However, whether she worries or not, the enemies seem to have no intention of waiting for it.

In an instant, the enemy began to appear one by one across the forest.

"Mutent Wolf."

When I realized the identity, I exclaimed myself.

The beast is sometimes seen in other regions, but such objects are virtually uncommon.

Those with bizarre tentacles and hairless, fluffy bodies tend to be quite small in size, but they have a deadly poison in their teeth and toenails.

And it's sleek.

Once hurt, it is a fatal injury, so it is not easy to deal with enemies unless they have enough skills.

"I'll take care of it..."

"Wait."

Don't try to steal someone else's experience.

Holding her hand on the brooch to activate Caldiras, I immediately wore a mask covering half of her face. Then he flicked the cube in his hand onto the floor.

The reason why I came here, and the reason I did her a vain request, is here.

Collect combat data against enemies that are hard to see by nature.

So...

"Golem must be the main player in every battle!"

I mean, Illina stuck to silence with complicated eyes.

"Well, this is your first appearance."

As soon as the cube flies into the air, it soon loses its power and falls on the floor, emitting a huge light and slowly starting to become huge. The shape was similar to a peculiarly shaped carriage, not to the form of the first sculpture I saw...

However, no device was seen to fix the horse that pulled the wagon. In addition, the shape itself is different from ordinary wagons.

"What's that?"

"What do you mean, craftsmanship, I'm thinking about adding flight capabilities later."

"Really, I feel like I'm being denied common sense..."

A simple answer and a bouncing hand began to slowly change the huge wagons began to change.

Starting with the surface twisting in an instant, numerous parts began to be activated, and soon a huge metal giant began to show its prowess with elaborate movements.

Tackling! Tackling!

Majeongseok's efficiency is better. I'm sure the new Magic Circle was a big help.

He is much stronger than the previous megatron thanks to his discovery and supplementation of a considerable number of problems in the fight against Illinois.

I couldn't deny that I put a lot of effort into it, as it was my first collaboration with Persec.

As soon as the silver glove plate was covered up, the boy, who turned around his waist and became a completely human figure, rose up as if he were overwhelming the Mutant Wolves with a blue lining.

Whether it's an animal or an animal, you're wary of an object bigger than you are.

Crrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr...

Surprised by the sudden appearance of the metal giant, the Mutant Wolves began to cry low and spread the distance one step or two carefully.

"Let's clean up. Megatron."

Waiting for command.

"Operating the annihilation mode, moving all objects stored within the attack range while erasing them."

[Accept command. Target identification, start operation.]

Soon, when the order came from my mouth, another heavy voice came out of his head, as if someone had recorded it for nothing.

Tuck!!!

At the same time, the gloves on his arms moved in perfect order and began to fix the shape.

Three circles of hard shield in one hand, and a hideous object in the other.

G-ing! G-ing!

Illina's face, which was beside her, became pale as the gruesome saw blade began to spin wildly and scatter its presence.

"Well... what is that?"

Tuck! Koo-ung!

Heavy weight began to weigh on the surroundings and huge cans began to ravage everywhere.

* * *

Boohoohoohooho!!!

[Main Weapon Activation Complete. Quickly annihilate the enemy.

It would be appropriate to say that you cut it off like crazy.

No, I'm not cutting it, I'm ripping it off.

The shield is blocking the attack with a personalized glove plate and tearing the enemy apart with the remaining electric saw.

Mutant Wolves were embarrassed by Megatron's devastating attack and tried to widen the distance, but even that didn't really mean anything.

As soon as the distance spread, Megatron's wrist gloves unfolded, and light purple rays passed through the staff with ultra-small mana stones.

The output itself is not very strong, but it has considerable lethal force, which is very efficient for check and long-range attacks.

"What the hell did you do in two weeks..."

"Well, it's also an electric saw, an excellent means of communication."

"You don't even want to talk to me in the first place?""

"Look at them whining for mercy!"

She gave a look of surprise at my determined cry.

"Crazy..."

It's using mana, not electricity.

A large amount of mana stone cannot handle the power of megatron.

However, Megatron's biggest advantage. Considering that the fuel tank limit is extremely high, this waste is no waste.

Illina murmured coldly, as if she had lost her words.

He seemed to feel in person that his combat power had become almost 2-30% more threatening than when he fought against her.

If you throw your body to block the shield, you will throw away the shield and pull out another electric saw.

Those who stick to their bodies roll off the floor without hesitation and tear up the ones who reach them alive.

Literally ignorant photographers themselves. Moreover, Megatron was a disastrous enemy to Mutant Wolfe.

The poison won't work!

The biggest strength of Mutant Wolfe is none other than the deadly poison responsible for firepower in an attack.

But the enemy can't be bloodless and tearless. The result itself had to be clear.

Illina, who was distracted by Megatron's chaotic scene wielding a huge electrical saw, could not take her eyes off Megatron as if she had not found Mutant Wolfe carefully coming to her side.

Thanks to him, those who attacked fearlessly were caught in my hands and stuck on the ground.

Poo-poo!

The man, whose head was crushed by heavy force, fell silent and collapsed.

"Ah..."

"Don't fool around and follow me, you've got to show me the way."

Her face began to feel embarrassment at my words.

I didn't read her thoughts, but just by looking at her face, I can see what she is thinking.

"Is it okay to leave that destructive weapon alone... ...and let it continue to evolve?"

Well, it's okay.

maybe