105 # 105

The Manreb hero is coming back!

five volumes and five episodes

I'veh...

And what? Golem was strong, not Davy? So the Golem master leaves the Golem alone and fights the battle? Stupid Goblin will think better than that, don't get me wrong, you know you're the best, right?"

Xiao's expression became more grim at the rapid-fire Illinois criticism.

"Stop! The Illinois apprentice is right. Sio Howl! Reinfos Alpha's Rules, Article 8!"

"......the Knights should always do their best and reflect on winning and losing."

"If you know, go away!"

Xio's expression was chilled by the roar of Friedos, a teacher wearing a double sword around his waist.

"You're lucky, you'd be half dead if the attack hadn't happened to be successful."

"Sio Howl!!"

Illina was furious at his provocation.

I, who was whispering in my ears, spoke as if I were throwing them.

"If it was real, you'd be dead."

"What?"

"Your head isn't strong enough to be hit by a sword, is it? Are you going to say that after you die in front of the goddess Priya?"

And, if it wasn't for Illina, I would've cracked it from the start.

I didn't bring up the aftertaste. However, just saying what he said earlier already made him feel uncomfortable enough.

"Don't make fun of me, outsiders."

Soon after Shio Howl, who was staring at death, strode into the room, the teachers who were watching the Daeryun urged the members to go to the dormitory.

Then, they also disappeared, saying they had to have a meeting to decide whether to accept me as part of the unit.

The sudden visit of outsiders may be confusing to them, but they seem to have experienced this often.m.

Then, after a while, Boris' call arrived at me.

"Let's start with the conclusion. It's ridiculous to ask the Golem pilot for a manana physical talent, and I heard from the Ilyna apprentice that you made that Golem yourself."

"Well, it is."

"That's great. That's great. I've seen a lot of combat alchemists before, but I've never seen anyone make and manipulate golem as powerful as I am."

Boris was quite generous and had a cool embrace.

"It's seven to three. Of course I agree, and I welcome your entry."

Haha, smiling, he gave me a small cup.

"It's not a normal drink.

prohibited articles

"Alchemists are smart, aren't they? Or did you hear it from the Ilyna apprentice?"

"Well, I hit it with my gut."

It's weak in the glass, but there's still a scent of Manna.

"Well... the Ilyna apprentice got the right thing. Well, the horse is a disciple, and bringing someone similar, or better, doesn't matter. The important thing is..."

As he continued to speak, he stopped what he was doing and looked at me blankly.

That's because I emptied the glass before I could listen to him.

"Is there a problem?"

"You... can I drink it without hearing what it is?"

"You're a good judge."

How can this week's message work to a wizard who has even realized the extent of fairy tales...

I'm sorry for him, but this.

There is no point in drinking.

There is a sigh of Persec, who knows the truth, but he cannot hear it.

"Then, would you promise to keep a secret in the world about Reinforce Alpha and Last Whispe?"

"Isn't that why you drank it'"

"That's true."

"That's enough. I have an excuse that I came to help my friend, but I'm not interested in the activities of Last Whispe."

Exactly with respect to the various horse-riding and the inside of it.

"Well, I feel as if you were familiar with the Reinfos Alpha."

Just because of the feeling, I don't think so.

I didn't say it for nothing.

"That's good. There's no lie."

It was not long before he took a small jewel out of his arms and got up satisfactorily.

"It's a lie-detecting artifact. There was no lie in what you said, so let's not worry about your personal life."

"Isn't that too easy to believe?"

"I don't think I've said too much in the first face, but in the first place, the enemy of our Reinforce Alpha is not human."

His words had many implications.

The purpose of the creation and existence of Last Whispe is to protect the continent from unknown enemies that pose a threat to the continent.

It includes dangerous natural enemies unknown to the world, from the beasts of the danger zone.

In other words, humans are not their enemies.

"The human struggle in the world has nothing to do with us. Well, it's late, so get some rest today."

His calm way of talking and going back was quite light.

* * *

"Here you go. It's something that needs to be returned, so please don't break it or rip it open."

Looking at the wooden ring handed by Ilina, I could feel the subtle flow of manna.

"Is that the same ring you have?"

"Even though it's a hot plate. To become a member, the upper authorization has to be lowered. Well, as Dr. Boris said, there won't be any problems."

"How does it work?"

"The immune system of the tuberculosis in this forest. And freedom of movement. Originally, when I first wrote the artwork, I should have reached the ancient castle, not the middle of the forest. But you didn't have a ring."

Clearly, the risk of confidentiality is significant if there are artifacts that can enter so recklessly.

"With that ring, there won't be any big problems traveling back and forth from the Hines estate anymore."

She smiled a smile.

"This gives me a fraudulent helper."

"What if I don't do it for you?"

"Now?"

Her smile stopped at the moment.

"You're not really going to do that, are you?"

"There's something more intriguing than I thought."

"Phew..."

She was noticeably relieved by what I said.

"Come on, the teachers said the sooner the better, the better."

"Training?"

"Yes, apprenticeships open integrated training at certain times according to the curriculum set free by their teachers. And that's one of the reasons I'm back this time."

I did my job outside, and I trained here as well.

She is quite a sincere woman.

"The training is what the teachers are talking about. The rise of basic competence is followed by teachers, but integrated training is a practical form of fostering overall cooperation and adaptation."

She seemed quite amused by her reasonable explanation.

"You must be having fun as a unit."

"There's nothing uncomfortable about it, and it's a path I have to go through for my purpose. Besides, they're all good kids, so when I get here, I can put down my position as a royal family and be comfortable, except for a few."

Seeing her expression frown while she was talking, there seemed to be a guy who was vague to get close to.

He was about to join other apprenticeships to participate in the training.

"Go ahead."

I stopped suddenly and quietly pushed her back.

"What, what?"

"Go in. I'll join you in a little while."

At my words, she looked confused, but she nodded quietly.

She's a smart girl who uses the expression "out of her mind" to me every time, but she'll be quite sensible.

As I faced her quietly moving away from me, I was immediately engulfed in black smoke.

And as soon as he moved with completely dead base, the sound of very feeble conversations began to be heard slowly and very clearly.

It was Boris and Celia, a big man who attended the hearing and the test in Dalian.

Davey.

'Hush.

As they approached with completely dead base, the two men, who didn't even know I was there and talked carefully, were full of worries.

'Hmm...'

Then, hearing their conversation and realizing the situation roughly, I laughed in vain.

The sloppy move to water the blue-haired wizard apprentice, Sio Howl, certainly shattered his pride.

On the contrary, he seemed to have given no relief to the teachers.

* * *

"Where have you been?"

the entrance to a huge forest

Illina, who was stretching from side to side in a light-duty uniform, looked anxious.

"It's nothing."

"But what's wrong with your face?"

She flinched awkwardly with a bitter expression.

"What's wrong with your face?"

I want to show you a mirror.

At the same time as Persek's words, a brooch filled her chest shone lightly and flowed into Caldiras' thoughts.

[Something like a villain giggling with a wicked plot]]

It's just sad that all three of you are saying the same thing.

"Ilina."

"Uh... eh?"

Ask her a question with a worried face with an infinite serious face.

"You want to take a test, don't you?"

"You're asking for the obvious?"

"Okay, that's enough."

The conversation was simple.

If you look at the efficiency and various aspects of the golem I made, it is said that the future is bright but strangely ambiguous.

In other words, he said, "I don't have proper training or knowledge on how to deal with man-made disasters, so I might get into a big accident if I put it into the actual test."

You can't trust me because I'm vague?

These aristocrats clearly don't know what effect the golemist, who adds alchemy, has on the majority, so they have to show it again.

Don't let anyone vomit this time.

* * *

The forest site was very large objectively.

In the northern part of the central continent, just below Pandora's area, where people cannot reach, the bamboo forest is a dangerous place where even a few mercenaries do not come to visit due to lack of balance.

As a result, it was safe to say that the entire forest was a training ground for the apprenticeship members of the Reinforce Alpha.

This training is a familiar way to beat the ground! But some of them are training for the first time, so I'll explain!

"Huhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

I could hear the light nasal sound of Illinois next to me, maybe it was a training I had done at least once.

The area is from Forest 1 to Forest 5.

Each region has a field magic to mark each team's territory.

As usual, we allow attacks on each other! Keep in mind that the person who gets the most land in the time limit gets the highest evaluation score! Don't forget that there are additional points, too!

In other words, he can run wild as much as he can in the way that he interferes with.

" painful and sick to death, there's no tomorrow, right?"

"Oh... what's wrong with him?"

[I'm already afraid of what to do...]

As I have a history, I can hear the grumbling of a human being and a new sword, but I ignore it lightly.

Start within 10 minutes! Start the signal at random! Then get ready!

After that, Boris' voice was silent.