106 # 106

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the fifth and sixth volumes

"Once the start signal rings, you run as I say."

"Run?"

"You don't have to be caught by interrupting people and just run. I just care about expanding my scope."

She has argued against my opinion as if it were natural.

"Even if I do that, I don't have many areas that I can own. On the contrary, when I say I'm going, it's no use if the rest of us start to eat our territory, right? In the meantime, if I tie my feet..."

I grinned at the logical words of Illinois.

"Are you sleepy in your situation?"

"What, dude?"

Her face was distorted as bad as it could be.

I just heard it on my way here. I'm a newbie who has a vague judgment in the eyes of the people here."

"That's true. Because you wrote the sword or the bayonet."

"Do you think my teachers will put me on the actual test?"

Her eyes were round in my words.

"Then..."

"Yeah, if you don't let me think there's something outstanding, of course, you're making soup and giving it to me."

"......."

I heard a crunch of teeth.

Fortunately, she is very obsessed with her goal.

Even if she is a model student who is well-rounded and armed with sincerity, she will never welcome her if she fails to write down what she has studied.

"There's a way, isn't there? If it doesn't work, why don't you pick up the sword?"

"I'm here to collect data, not to show off my strength. And I forgot to tell you one thing."

Golem alone is enough here. Machines can be used according to usage.

Ignoring her complaints and activating Megatron, I climbed onto a high rock and pulled something out of my space expansion pocket.

A few small pockets...

And a telescope.

And it was a unique-looking mask.

"I'll take the telescope, and take the rest. Especially now with the mask on."

"Don't forget that in these situations, the more efficient the alchemist gets."

I'm starting my training!

At the same time, Boris's starting signal rang out suddenly as if he had been waiting.

Whaaaah!

Then, as if they were ready, there began to be heavy noises coming from all over the forest.

A total of eight teams with two partners.

Eight teams will be struggling to expand their reach in the forest.

Situation determination, rear-end surprise, or front-end push-in interruptions.

The training, which takes into consideration various factors, seems to be quite efficient in developing a small number of elite students.

"Oh, I don't know! I just have to believe it!""

Paang!!

It was not long before I began to shoot quickly in the direction I pointed out, as I thought I could not see Illina.

Her physical sword, Caldiras, is banned from use during training, so she cannot expect much power.

It's true that they're good, but each and every apprentice here is also talented.

"Can you hear me?"

[Yes!]

Her answer whirled in her head as she activated the manna she had already attached to her body to convey her will.

The will-transmitting magic also lifted the telescope without hesitation when Yang Ho was confirmed.

"There will be a small bead in the red pocket I gave you. Take a good look and scatter them one by one."

[What is this?]

"Eyes."

[Laughing!!]

I heard a scream, but I ignored it lightly. The whole forest cannot be identified with just a telescope.

You! Go back and see.]

As I was nodding my head listening to my horny voice, I immediately gave my first order to Megatron, watching the forest that began to be reflected in my view.

"Mega-tron, long-range artillery mode."

[Command Acceptance.]

Have you heard of it, so-called Sizemode!

Tickling! Tackling!

The most important thing in the war, the essence of groundbreaking, is the support of fire support.

And I was thinking of providing a strong firepower with Megatron now.

It will show how alchemists, who have been preparing hard, fight against the usual cases where they have to fight recklessly.

I'm so sorry!

Soon after, the change occurred behind Megatron's back, which was positioned as if it were a giant turret with both fists in the ground.

However, unlike the intercept mode that has been deployed before, Ma Jeong-seok, who is in charge of the output, gathered in one place and turned into a long bag.

Tick!

Soon after, the marbles attached to the port were separated without any regret, and other marbles were inserted in the marbles were inserted.

"Input coordinates, 643.312.889. Output level 3."

[Command Acceptance.]

[David! Don't forget the killing!]

"I changed the bullet, so don't worry. At best, I'll take in the foam."

[Ah... Really!]

The golem is extremely unstable to be considered a finished product because it has not been fully adjusted yet. It is also true that the function itself has been added in accordance with my desires.

It may not be good for the master level, but for the vigilant apprenticeship, or for those who have never fought the alchemists...

"Stage 5 CS Multi-Metal Missile, Electrified."

I'm sure it'll be a disaster.

The goal is to show potential to teachers who are half-confident.

The power of science is not splendid but practical and persistent.

G-ing... Th-t-toot!

I take care of myself.

I also envision a trap.

And Ilyana's mission, which I've said is physically capable, is to expand its territory and spread the pitfalls I gave you!

If she heard it, she would grab her by the collar right away, but she did it without hesitation.

Whoo! Push! Whoo! Whoo!

Purple coal embroidered the sky and began to spread white smoke, hitting the other side of the forest.

The effect is tear gas and motion sickness-inducing ingredient.

"I can see everything, you guys."

As I looked at the Junior apprentices who were surprised and dodged by the sudden shelling, laughter flowed out of themselves.

Illinois and Megatron are chess players. Opposition apprentices are also only chess words of hostile forces.

If I had to pick... ...the two of them are Luke and Queen.

A true combat alchemist will stick to the fact that he watches from afar.

Now, let's start the game.

* * *

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

Screaming, a girl was floundering, clinging to an unidentified string attached to the floor.

"Fendir! What the hell is this?!"

"Lee... ...Lincie, help me!"

"Wait! It's so sticky!..."

Whoo! Push!

The girl, who was desperately pulling the string attached to the floor, was hit by a purple Ma Po-tan falling from the sky and bounced off.

"Li...Lin...Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! My eyes! My lie down!"

In an instant, Fendir, who was exposed to smoke that squeezed tears and made his head flutter, fell on the floor and struggled.

Smoke that causes extreme motion sickness, suffocating, tears and runny nose!

Smell, sight, hearing, and sense of direction are all twisted and flying!

If I could use Manna a little more skillfully, I would quickly shake off the string and get out of this terrible smoke... ...but suddenly, most of my senses were taken away and panic came.

Then, their panic was soon brutally crushed by the pre-prepared and attacking Illinois.

They lose most of their territory in an instant, and they cry, shed tears, snot and roll on the floor, losing their image as women.

What a terrible performance!

Unidentified traps that block your way out!

If you use the spirit or release Manna to stop the smoke, a powerful cannonball like a ghost flies.

It was as if she had become a toy playing on someone's game board.

"The man who's gonna do this..."

To the best of her knowledge, none of her apprentices use this cheap method.

It's not a shame, but it's actually overwhelmingly efficient and effective in overpowering.

Then there is only one criminal who can think of it.

"Ilina!!!"

Illina de Palan, and the new apprentice she brought.

Fendir, who stood up grinding his teeth, burst into the smoke and looked at Linsey, who snatched her away, and cried ugly.

"Cough! Cough! Coughing! Linsy... ..I have a pink hair..."

"Mapotan just now, like a special type of attack... Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!! Here we go again!"

But they seem to have figured it out quickly because they are talented guys.

It was a pity that if you block the retreat and plug in CS multivitane, you will be in your palm at best.

Shush, shush, shush!

Sitting down with a sick face, she opened her mouth wide, looking at the purple shells flying far away, embroidered the sky with a blank face.

"It's... It's a scam..."

That's the only thing that really came out.

* * *

You're really bad-tempered. How could you do this to the kids?]

He responded to the unselfish news from Illinois with a casual look.

"There's no such thing as a real-life drill. Be strong if you feel wronged."

[Yes, that's great]]

Now her voice sounded as if she was tired of being bewildered.

I can't think about it, that golem. I'm going to break it down or something after this training. It's a risk that shouldn't come out of the world.]

"Then our contract is over."

Having calmly cut off communication with her, I took a small chart out of my arms, wearing my glasses, and checked and wrote down this and that.

The other teams are all running around, but it's Davey's palm to run.

Maybe the children who are running desperately away from the shells will bubble if they know I'm doing this.

A total of 32 shots were missed. Forty-five shots. It's a slow shot for 15 minutes without a break.

"It's a private house, but the burn isn't as good as I thought."

The farther you go, the more extreme the consumption of Manna becomes. Since the firepower is weak, we can't expect a blow, so it's ingenious to induce more than the condition, but this is why we couldn't distinguish between the two.

"No matter how many tanks the Majeongseok is in, the power output is too much. I'd rather tear off a little more gloves to reduce the mobility load... ...coordinates 443.382.721. Within the margin of error of 4 meters. Fire."

[Accept command. Launch.]

Seven extremely rare marbles.

In fact, there are about three Majeongseok that produce output, and one is used as a bag, but the other Majeongseok is not playing.

This is the pinnacle of money-for-technology-for-nothing!

Davy's science is the best in the world!

Sixty percent of the bases are not made by me, but by ancient heritage.

I wasn't hiding it because I couldn't put it out to the world.

There's a limit to Ma Jung-seok, Davey, rather than recharging surplus electricity...

Persec has been giving my opinion, picking out where I miss it.

"Let's think about it, 323.142.506. within a margin of error of 3 m Two CS Multimitans, one impact bomb, and one fire."

[Shooting]

G-ing, too-boom!

While discussing with Persek, he constantly controls the area through surveillance equipment and telescopes that Illinois has spread.

The area already visible to the eye seemed large enough to be more than the other guys' area.

They won't give you time to fight back, so the opponent's outfit will be very upset.

"You idiots, no matter how competitive you are, if you think your opponent is too strong, you should know how to hold hands with each other. Only with high self-esteem."

I kicked my tongue and backed with one hand, but I didn't erase my relaxed expression until I finally heard Boris shouting for the end of the training.