104 # 104

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the fifth and fourth installments

"Seo... Sir! Shouldn't we stop them?!"

The girl, who grabbed the teacher's arm watching the Dalian with a very frightened look, made a fuss.

"Well... that golem! It's abnormally strong!"

"That's right! I've never heard of a golem moving so fluid and intelligent! And that unknown weapon! ..."

At the words of twin girls with light pink hair, an enormous boy with a huge ax on his back stroked his chin.

"You look so strong. That's great. Ilina, that guy called your best friend. Are you a famous golemist?"

"No..."

The Golem master is playing with a monster that spills the area with a wooden sword.

The problem is that the doll is also out of common sense.

Illina was surprised by Hague's question, a giant boy who asked her with curious eyes.

To be exact, it would be right to say that it is not a golemist but an unidentified.

It is a subject of examination with the strength of the master or higher, and it also has holy scars. In addition, alchemists make such golems that they might drool without any problem.

To put that unreasonable lunatic named Davy as one, it was honestly hard for her to judge what to call him.

"Teacher! If you don't do it right!"

"No, Shire apprentice, Xiao is very cold right now."

"But!"

"He is more stubborn than I thought, but you know that every single sense of battle is definitely a launch."

Instead of Boris, a big man, Celia, a female teacher, smiled softly and explained the situation.

"That's great, though. That golem. It's a very different movement from normal golem."

"That's right. I said I could barely feel the manna in my body, and if I'm a golemist, I can operate as a feeble mana."

The advantages of golemians are the volume of movement of large amounts of golem all at once, and the continuity of promoting one's own safety.

In other words, it is meaningless to deal with Golem if the Golemist fails to handle himself.

"But I believe in Golem and I have poor self-defense. You seem to lack experience."

Boris nods at the murmur of Celia.

"It's not easy to gain experience in this day and age. Most of the animals have relatively poor intelligence."

"When it comes to the talent of producing and handling golems, they're definitely on the cutline..."

"I really don't know what's going on with me..."

"I think teaching that part will solve the problem. See? I'm not having a hard time dealing with golem. That would be efficiently minimizing movement."

The illusion continues.

"If you raise them well, they will stand out in many ways, including reconnaissance, assistants. Besides, I... I'm shuddering to see that the ugly saw can be applied that way."

"It's definitely a golem that's outstanding in every aspect of attack and defense. This won't cut easily with an auror blade, will you?"

The faces of the apprenticeship members were filled with anxiety at the appearance of Boris and Celia, who were talking like they were talking in a humble way.

Illina, on the other hand, looked almost emaciated.

"It's almost over."

"Yes, it's a big mistake that a golemist can't figure out the state of his or her own hand."

As soon as the horse was finished, a giant electric saw of Megatron was lowered toward the corner of Hsio Howl.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Some of the apprentices did not take their eyes off the sight of the trainees screaming for fear that he might get seriously hurt.

"I'm sure it's a great golem, but you've found a way to go."

His words contained conviction.

In fact, Megatron's movement began to slow down as if it were frozen.

"I froze the joints of the golem little by little. No matter how flexible a golem is, you can't use your hands if it freezes from the inside."

"It's also one of the things you should be careful about when dealing with the Ice Wizard. And I didn't freeze it like it was the first time, but I hid my intentions carefully."

You said you didn't know that your clothes would get wet from the drizzle, even though they were piled up weakly.

In the eyes of Boris and Celia, that golem was great, but Xio's sense of humor was even more noticeable, saying that his arms were bent inward.

It was not long before Xiao took a step toward a boy named Davy, who looked at Megatron, which made a squeaky sound as if it were completely hardened.

"As a magician, close combat is foolish, but if you're a member of the Reinforce Alpha, you should do this."

Boris, who mumbled calmly, mumbled quietly.

"That's the end..."

Squeeze!

Xiao, who pulled out a huge, sharp sword of ice over his hand, digs into Davy like a shot. At the same time, Davy, who confirmed Xio's attack, lifted the wooden sword.

"He's holding a wooden sword because he's overconfident about the performance of that golem and he's not going to have an impact on himself... ...and that's not going to stand a single concert."

"Oh, my God!"

At the same time, Davy, who stepped out to defend himself, slipped on the ice of friction Zero and lost his balance.

The momentary gap was certainly fatal to others.

As frost freezes and slides on the frozen ice, it is not easy to even balance, let alone counterattack.

The moment when Davy's wooden sword cut into the air and couldn't balance it, Davy was thrown into the air.

Sio Howl's ice sword swung as if to cut Davy's body.

"Huh...huh! What a bloody devil! That's it!"

"Oh, my God!"

Some people who could not see it closed their eyes.

Some also criticized Illinois, who had been standing in the face of constant boredom from the beginning.

"Ee...Illina! I'll stop her!"

"Who do you want to stop?"

However, Illina only replied with a look of boredom.

"Davie?"

Then as soon as her incomprehensible words reach everyone's ears.

Argh!!!

A cool sound of hitting echoed over the chimney.

Silence

At that moment, no one could say anything about the absurd situation that happened in front of their eyes and opened their mouths.

Davy's wooden sword, which lost its balance and bounced off, swung wildly like a coincidence, and fell precisely after the Xio gap.

It was pinned to the top of his head. It was a sharp and fast rush, but a wooden sword was lowered for the perfect gap.

Hold your tongue to nonsense coincidence. Megatron pressed Xio's body, which had been thrown into the throat, without mercy, completely overpowered him.

"He's buying again..."

It was frozen a while ago, as if it were a fantasy.

"Oh, my God!"

"Um... this, did I win? Well, you said it like a show off."

Deja vu...

a leisurely murmur,

But Illina couldn't avoid the feeling that she had heard a lot of hateful things.

* * *

"Caldiras."

[Sighs... Huh?]

"That guy. He pretends to be calm but doesn't he have a bad personality?"

He's 100 percent bad-tempered, I know! I mean, I've known him since he ripped off your clothes and ripped me off.]

"That's one thing..."

What on earth is that vicious swordplay?

At first she didn't even notice.

The same is true even now that it is hard to believe even with the eyes.

To be honest, I felt a sense of separation because I knew his true character, but if I saw him without knowing, would it be a coincidence again?

"Uh......."

Someone exclaimed in a stupid tone.

"That guy, he was after you!'

Just for a moment, Illina confirmed a gruesome laugh on Davy's face.

Now everything was clearly visible.

He doesn't have to show his power to buy boundaries, and he's completely watering his opponents...

I know! I saw it! That little sodmaster... what do you call him? Anyway, I've seen that he's the one who made it to the M.E.!]

The fact can be known without hearing it from oneself.

What kind of crazy Sodmaster can overwhelm the Swordsman with a wooden sword. Basic physical abilities do not make much difference. a similar level

However, the coping method was so different from the sodmasters she faced.

It is as if the warrior of the Great Leap is weakened by a curse.

"There's no such thing as a noble sword... but it's a really evil sword..."

There is no devil to do anything that is not evil by nature.

Illina, who was looking at Davy with a bored face, looked puzzled and sad when she saw those looking at the vacant lot.

After all, no one noticed his trick.

* * *

Was he absent-minded for a long time after the battle ended in vain?

When he lightly recalled Megatron and clapped his hands to see how he could not get out of silence, the people who watched the situation began to react.

"Dae... That's great!"

the admiration of Boris, a big teacher

"Suddenly? It's too exquisite..."

"......Sio Howl, you still lack a lot of training!"

The three people, who had been discussing each other in a whisper as if they were not easily judged, seemed to think it was right to organize the situation.

"We're breaking up! And, did you say Davey?"

"Yes."

"Hahaha! What a coincidence! Well, it's called luck. Promise is promise, so I'll acknowledge your talent!"

"That's a big compliment."

An inch of untruthful praise is well received.

On the contrary, Shio Howl was criticized for being attacked so ridiculously.

"Sio Howl! You've been neglecting your practice! The moment you let your guard down because you won the last time, you were hit by a blind knife!"

"This is ridiculous!!"

Shio Howl, who was grinding his teeth, jumped up and shouted fiercely.

"This was a strong golem, not a strong one. Sir! You saw his sword!"

Surely, the sword I showed you looks like a beginner who has never caught a sword.

"Don't do anything ugly, Shio Howl. Golem's a rear support system. It's not fair to have such a golem in the middle of the battlefield."

Of course, Illina didn't stay still. Even though she looked tired of my swordsmanship, she began by covering up my friend.

"Ilina! "!

"Wake up, that golem is a golem made by Davey. That's a fact for sure. Originally, you should have fought that one golem."

Illina's vitriol never stopped.

I'm very outspoken because I don't hide my personality.

"And in the meantime, you put him in there, and every time he was in danger, you kept him in check, and you made time for it. Why? You think that's a tactic? That golem you froze in the first place. Did you check?"

As she said.

He couldn't even subdue Golem properly.