102 # 102

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the fifth and second installments

'By the way, I didn't know Caldiras wouldn't recognize the twin swords.'

I suddenly thought so, but I didn't try to show it.

"It's a pretty old style. Is it being kept magical?"

I was looking around with a light step, but when I spoke to Illina, she smiled bitterly.

"Davie..."

"It's well-managed."

"I'm sorry... I didn't expect this extreme response..."

However, unlike me, which was lighter than I thought, Illina seemed to feel embarrassed and sorry for me.

Yikes!!!

When Xio Howl, who was leading us, put his hand on the huge gate, the thick black wooden door slowly began to open.

At the same time, a large hall of subtly shining castle began to be seen.

"I'll take Davey to the dorm. I'll post the report separately."

"No, you follow me. And Trev."

I could see Xio walking in the lead staring at me with a cold stare.

"Guide civilians to the outer quarters. It is an order not to come outside until a ruling is made on this matter."

"Okay."

Trev quietly looked up at me in a cold tone of silence, seemingly unaware of a compromise.

Unlike Xiao, who is similar in height to me, Trev was definitely short in stature.

"I don't want to use force if possible."

"You don't want to use force?"

"I can kill an object with a word. But I'm relieved. We don't use humans recklessly."

"I'm looking forward to it."

His face was dim with a subtle question of my deepening.

* * *

A person with supernatural powers in your previous life. Honestly, if you analyze it, it's hard to say human... They're not actually born to humans.]

What do you do when you meet someone? It doesn't matter if you have special powers.

[The mental system?] What's that about you right now, madman? Did you see that lunatic coming to mind?]

"Here."

Trev, who took me to a small room on the outskirts of Goseong, lightly knocked on the door with a staff in his hand, and the door opened as if a ripple of water was spreading.

"It's rare to see an exchange surgeon."

"......."

"May I ask where your hometown is?"

His expression hardened subtly at my words. However, he left the room without hesitation as if he had just brushed it off.

The opportunity to solve the mysteries of the century has been lost!

However, I could see that there was a tray containing bread and milk that smelled savory when it was brought.

On the surface, both of them seem to be cold-hearted, but if the Shio Howl is a man who shows hostility anywhere, this boy named Trev seemed to have no interest in things around him.

He put a savory-scented bread in his mouth, lay on the bed, and closed his eyes.

A smile was naturally made by the touch of a fairly fluffy bed.

Well, ergonomics.

As I was slowly closing my eyes, I seemed to have closed my eyes and fell asleep without realizing it because of the subtle rush of Summa.

When I opened my eyes at the faintest hint, I could see two boys watching me without a word.

"Is time up?"

"......follow me. It's the teacher's call."

At the same time as he said, the hand of the healer Trev blinked in the air, and a strong rope tied my arm in the air with weak power and nothing.

It was quite different from magic.

"The rope is a fantasy, but it'll feel real to you, you might get hurt, so don't overdo it."

I looked down at my arm with an interesting look at the boy's explanation that I couldn't feel anything.

At this point, I'm starting to wonder.

It is questionable whether the power of an illusionist who uses his unique ability to control five senses by showing fantasy to his opponent will work even for nonliving Golem.

Unlike talismans, the power of exchange is a force known entirely as unknown.

In fact, I couldn't make an easy decision whether it would work or not by Golem, a simple lump of system without will.

* * *

The place where I arrived along Treb and Xio was like a reception room, the upper floor of the castle.

However, the interior was similar to the hearing hall rather than the office or reception room.

"I brought you."

As the large door opens and turns to report with a bow, several pairs of eyes are visible.

Curiosity, interest, vigilance. Surprising.

There are many things, but as a result, it did not seem to pay much attention.

There were three men and women sitting on a large table in front of them.

She was a woman in a robe, a big man, and an ordinary man with a double sword on his back.

And there are several people who are watching her silently, and Ilina, who is standing in an archaic manner as if being questioned in the center.

"I'll double-check. an apprentice to Illina de Palan"

"Yes."

The big man slowly opened his mouth to her calm answer.

"You violated the pledge and brought outsiders to the home base of Reinforce Alpha. Do you admit that?"

"That's!"

"Only answer what you ask."

Illina clicked her tongue briefly with a stern voice.

"Yes."

The faces of the boys and girls watching her answer were astonishing.

Then the woman next to the big man opened her mouth quietly.

No matter what rank a knight has on the continent, we cannot let go of the crime of breaking the pledge. Do you admit that?"

"...yes."

"No more to look at, Illina's apprentice is disciplined. And that boy clears his memory by setting a date. Consider execution for secrecy if you resist confidentiality."

"I will speak before that."

Illina didn't erase her imposing expression when a man with a light frame tried to end the situation after a woman.

"I'm sure the regulations don't involve outsiders."

People around her are silent about her remarks.

It was quite an interesting sight, so I stood there and watched the situation slowly.

First of all, Mi-na Gouna and Illina became friends. If she's really in trouble, it's rather wise to step up then.

At least her position won't be unnecessarily embarrassed.

"Yes."

"But what if he's not an outsider?"

"What?"

"I mean I'll use the authority I have."

Three men and women in front of their eyes were rattled by Illinois' bold remarks.

"You mean, I will use the power of a disciple to give you once in a lifetime?"

"Yes, that's why I brought Davey here. The teachers tried to deprive me of the opportunity, but I'm sure I'll take it."

We are still trying to locate your partner, Sharon Selim. It's a thoughtless…"

"It's been thoughtful enough. It's about Sharon Selim, too."

Someone frowned at Illinois' cold question.

"But you are still an apprentice. You've done such a rash thing to teach someone! Furthermore, a disciple is only once in a lifetime. Can you really trust him? Are you confident to teach again?"

Unlike the first cold way of speaking, the subtle concern was the young way of speaking.

She asked the woman's question in a firm tone, not avoiding her eyes.

The premise of teaching was wrong in the first place.

"That doesn't matter. Mr. Celia, the important thing is that I used the authority, and that Davy is the subject of the regulation. I don't know why you're so wary."

She blurted out the end of her speech.

"Reinforce Alpha's policy is to protect humanity. This is not the right situation."

"Iilina! Watch your language! Are you saying we have to accept a guy who doesn't even know who he is?"

Then a blue-haired boy, Xiao Howl, who was standing still, shouted at her in a fierce anger.

"That's not what you decide. Don't be so presumptuous, Hsiao Haul."

"Dear teacher! This is nonsense. Her logic seems to fit at first glance, but it implies two errors!"

"Sio Howl, I never allowed to speak."

The big man spoke harshly, but he shouted loudly, not even thinking of cutting off.

"I don't even know if he has a sense of duty! Besides, he doesn't even know if he has talent or something to look after!"

"Sio Howl!"

Ignoring the screaming Illinois, he spoke again.

"Even Manna doesn't feel right. In the Regulations of Reinforce Alpha, only those who have proven their talents in the presence of more than two teachers can enter the trainee group! But at best, he's nothing more than a normal person."

"......."

"It wouldn't be strange if she did anything to leak the information from Reinforce Alpha..."

Chae-Ang!!

As soon as she finished speaking, Illina came down from the podium and pointed a sword at his neck.

"It doesn't make any sense, Hsiao Haul. Shut up because I don't want to let you die, the same apprentice, even if you're so disgusting."

"You think you can cut me?"

"Don't mess with me, mana's blessing, and you think you've become something? And I was wrong about it, because I never said I would cut you."

"Ha! So that man over there who can hardly feel him is running around?""

Looking at the cold confrontation between the two vaguely, it reminds me of a crazy drama.

Blessing of Manna... a great honor for a wizard.

I watched them silently and turned to see three men and women watching me silently.

All of them, called teachers, were not ordinary people.

Still, since he is in the position of teaching, have he been selected as a talented person?

One Spirit and two Prosecutors.

They're all more than masters in terms of their skills. I understand it, but it's a secret order.

Not everyone can be a master. The people called teachers are probably outstanding among the knights.

"Silence! We're in the middle of a trial! Illina Junior apprentice! Shio apprentice! If you make one more fuss, I'll get you out of here!"

Soon after, when Illina kicked her tongue briefly at the woman's cry, Xiao turned to me with a cold face.

Then he went back to his contempt.

You're better than I thought, aren't you?

'You can solve it when you're selling it on your own.''

"But Xio's words seem to be true."

It was not long before a man of ordinary build opened his mouth quietly.

I don`t know where the boy is, but at least his mana is quite ordinary."

After all, it seems that only a small percentage of the mana they could feel from me. It's better than those who don't feel it at all.

"Iilina de Palan. Is there anything you want to say about this part?"

"I will guarantee his strength!"

"Isn't that your standard?"

"Teacher!"

As Cio said, we have no trace of talent for the author. Besides, it doesn't seem to have a sense of duty. So I reject your request."