103 # 103

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the third installment in five volumes.

Ppud...

Eventually, Illina's expression began to turn ugly. Her eyes were red as if she would shed tears at any moment, expression of resentment.

"The judgment..."

"Wait a minute! He's strictly under pension!"

"Wait."

She was about to make a ruling.

I slowly raised my hand to restrain the situation.

If you keep watching the skit, you'll get sick of it.

"Let's set the premise first."

"Be careful of what you say, foreigners!"

"Stop! ...yes, outsiders, allow me to speak."

Naturally, Xio's angry words, unlike what he looked like, were cut off by one of his teachers.

"I don't know the situation here. And I don't even know what your mission is."

My words began to make a commotion around me.

"Then..."

"Isn't that obvious?"

The voice that was buzzing at my words is silent all at once.

"They would have hidden themselves underground and not even known about their activities known. I was wrong when the first person to come here asked me to know the mission. Otherwise."

Illina sighed briefly at my words. That's what he looked like that.

"Did you want them to know their spirit of sacrifice, at least from the bottom of their hearts?"

"He's insulting the Knights?!"

"Cio Howl! Watch what you say and do what you do!"

I know this situation is going completely different from Illinois' intentions, but if I leave it to her, she seems to be discussing it endlessly and endlessly.

"Then what you need to do is not find the finished seeds, but the seeds that show signs of completion. Am I wrong?"

"That means you are a seed that has a hint of completion.""

"If the Reinforce Alpha really maintains its noble will, it will assimilate naturally."

"Hahahahahaha!!"

What I said was the key point.

Everyone's eyes gathered on him as the big man, who had been quietly silent, suddenly burst into laughter.

"That's right, that's right. Too true!"

"Mr. Boris!"

"Stop it! I didn't hear my warning."

"That... that's... that's..."

"Okay. You, what's your name?"

"David, this is Davy O'Loon..."

"Do you think you have the talent to melt into the secret Knights of the Reinfos Alpha?"

I smiled without hesitation at his question.

"What's the use of talking a hundred times? However, I would like to believe that Reinforce Alpha is not a narrow-minded organization that is good at self-defense with the amount of Manna."

"......."

"I had a fantasy, and I thought it would be kind of weird if it were fiction."

It is true that thanks to the old Apolon who told me about the last whiskey, he actually had a pretty good image for these secret knights.

"......I admit, but can you show your talent to me?"

"If you're talking about the magical talent that I can't distinguish..."

"Your son..."

When my words were blurred, the face of the blue-haired boy, Xiao Howl, became extremely cold.

"Don't you think you'll get the answer if you compare it yourself?"

It's a causal relationship, a mutual interest, and I'm not interested in it. I just help Illinois take the test, and in return, I come to the Secret Knights to accumulate data.

That was enough.

The three men and women, called teachers, soon exchanged glances and decided to accept Illinois' request. The hearing was dismissed.

* * *

a criterion for judging talent

It is not a gathering of knights who use the sword, nor is it a gathering of magic wizards alone.

There were few criteria for judging talents, as they were all a group of boys and girls of the same age who had their own talents.

"The teachers told me to take it easy. Don't expect mercy from me. Outsiders."

I didn't answer his cold-spoken and lifting staff.

Come to think of it, he didn't have enough time to attack Megatron without fear.

Living is part of the emotional energy that flows out when you decide to kill someone.

If you have the idea of killing an opponent, you need to recognize that you could die.

Of course, controlling power is one of the essential requirements, as long as it really kills and destroys everything.

"Ilina! That man, she's as weak as a normal person."

"That's right, there's something I believe in. But it's... ..."

"It's all right, Shire, Fendir. Thank you for your concern, but..."

Beyond the huge vacant lot, Illinois sighed briefly and murmured so small that no one could hear.

"To be honest, I'm rather afraid of how that crazy guy would break up with Sio."

He looks at the cube with Megatron compressed in one hand and the blue-haired boy, Hsiao Haul, with an ordinary wooden sword in the other.

A so-called genius with a special constitution that is rare for a wizard named Manna's blessing.

It's not common for me to be offended by my actions.

Before long, he lightly lifted the cube in front of a tropical audience. As I was getting it, I saw a cold smile on Xiao's face.

"I'll give you a start, but I don't know what kind of tricks you're going to show, but give it a try."

At the words, I threw a cube in my hand into the air without any regret. Then he gave a simple order.

"Mega-tron, command month."

[Command Accept. Waiting.]

"Get the chainsaw out."

[Check command, go.]

Tickling! Tackling!

Vroom! Guy!

In an instant, Megatron's appearance of taking out a large and majestic electric saw quickly turned into a huge disease, and the surrounding atmosphere subsided as cold water poured on it.

"Let's cool down and talk."

A great means of communication in the hands of Megatron.

42. Inside the palm.

The metal parts are still twisted, rotated, and suddenly changed into the form of a giant body.

Gazing!! Gazing!

And the electric saw, which boasts overwhelming visual and sound in his hands, still roared my existence and crushed the surrounding atmosphere.

"Davie! No matter how many times you turn around, don't kill me!"

ILINA, who knew how devastatingly devastating Megatron's chainsaw was, was screaming at me in surprise, but I didn't pretend to hear it and just looked at a boy named Hsiao Howl in front of my eyes.

"Gol... Rem? You... you were a Golem pilot?"

When Megatron, a giant body, showed off its grandeur and roared loudly, mana boiled all over his body and cold air began to flow out everywhere.

"I can't believe I'm a weak man, I can't believe I'm a piece of scrap metal and I can't believe it."

He was quietly expressing his anger by looking at Megatron's giant as if he had pride in a strange place, and began to raise Manna altogether.

Squeeze!!

[Exhausted]

At the same time, a number of ice fragments that had risen in the air were sharpened and soon began to fly toward Megatron and my body without mercy.

Each and every one of them flew like a bolt of crossbow, so if they were ordinary people, they would have fallen without responding.

a man blessed by Manna

The merit they have is not light.

If you don't have a genius sense like Ullis when you realize magic, you have to put on a fairly lengthy portrait.

But the blessed of Manna begin by cutting off half the concept.

What are you talking about?

This means that the streamlining of the Yeongchang can be applied without any effort. In addition, the mana is basically synchronized with the owner, and even if the same mana is used, it shows efficiency beyond imagination.

In this sense, it is quite similar to the 'fairy tale' in which one feels the will of Manna and resonates.

Kaka kaka ka ka ka kang!

Was it because not only Megatron but also me, the ice flakes that fly in an instant?

Megatron, who boasted of his magnificent physique, soon blocked my way and prevented his attack from coming to me.

Perhaps due to the fact that the power output was lowered to the lowest level, the company did not have to worry about its lethal force.

I'm sure it'll bleed.

"Well, the auto protection system is a little slow because it's exposed to cold air."

KANG! KANG!

My opponent has been attacking me with the intention of leaving a big scar, but I'm just more interested in experimenting with Megatron's performance or collecting data.

Looking at Megatron, who stood relaxed and blocked his attack, I took a small chart out of my arms and began to check it out familiarly.

"We need to strengthen the thoracic outer deck a little bit. If these two plates are not simplified, the reaction speed will decrease."

The efficiency needs to be improved. It has good output at best, but the distribution of power is a mess.

Persec also seemed to be relaxing to check the output of megatron and not even assuming that I was being beaten.

"Geez!"

Perhaps he couldn't contain his anger at the sight.

He made a long, huge ice window over the ever-flying ice fragment, shining his eyes coldly.

[Frozen]

Squeeze!!

At the same time, white frost began to get stuck at the feet of Megatron, and the large body began to freeze rapidly.

[Dropping, Ice Window]

At the same time, Xio's huge ice window flew toward Megatron, which began to freeze.

"Okay, let's wrap up the defensive test, and strike back in moderation."

[Accept command.]

It's as if I've been looking around all this whole time.

Megatron, who caused a blue mana all over his body to shake off the ice, snatched an ice window with his hand that did not pull out an electric saw and threw it away.

"What?"

At the same time, there was a sound of consternation around me, but my eyes were on Megatron.

Boom! Boom!

When Megatron's giant electric saw, which penetrated at an unexpected rapid pace, attacked Xio as if it would cut him off, he quickly sang and made an ice wall between them and flew away.

Piggy-giggy-gigging!! Whaddeuk!

"Huh?! This crazy golem! Who are you going to kill?"

"Well, do you want to fight like that when you're risking your life with an enemy?"

"You damn bastard!"

That's what he said, but Xio's countenance had turned pale.

This is because Megatron rushed in like a crazy psychopath, crushing his attack and attacking as if he was going to split his body.

It was a terrible offensive that he had never imagined when a metal golem with a huge body attacked with a ridiculous movement.

Boom! Boom!

"Heez! What the hell is that hideous weapon?!"

Some people, watching the battle from afar, shook Illina's arm and screamed with their haggard faces.

Surely the chainsaw was destructive, but there was something instinctively terrifying.

However, it seems that Xio Howl was not uncharacteristically talented.

While desperately throwing himself away, he fought back against Megatron and never stopped attacking me.

Because of that, Megatron stopped acting and blocked me in the middle to protect me, but it was also only part of my experiment.

So-called reflex tests.

If it is dangerous, attack me to create a gap, and find out the delay that occurs at the end of the huge movement and strike back.

Although he is not just outstanding, his hands-on experience was definitely one step ahead of the corner wizards of the tower.

But I'm not as good as that kid, Yulice.

'Yulice, if you're better than him, that's a problem.'

Only relatively devalued, Ullis is one of the greatest geniuses on the continent.

No matter how talented children are gathered, it is not common for a person with a talent of the level of Ullis.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

In the end, Xio's face turned pale as his arm almost flew away by a single mistake.

Although he could recover, he looked like he never wanted to experience his arms being cut off by that bizarre and hideous weapon.

It was a great man who threw himself desperately to escape and sent hostility to me.

Is that a little rough?

Frost?

While I was slowly observing him and Megatron and organizing the data, I suddenly smiled at the strange side that arose in the air.