119 # 119

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 19 of the Five Books

It was also successful to use a number of magic tricks to increase the firepower of weapons made of layers of Majeongseok.

Of course, large quantities of mana were used to aid firepower, so the attack speed and efficiency were extremely low.

Puhua!!

Yikes! Yikes!

Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

That was enough to turn the stupid monsters into an abyss in a moment.

Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk

Goblin screams and scatters in all directions, ignoring the snipers' super-long-range shots persistently targeting the big ones.

Once out of line and out of order, it doesn't matter.

Subsequently, a mid-range golem, which recognized Lünne's order, and a tanker, a defensive golem, blocked the road.

Tickling! Tackling!

Soon after, as soon as the man, who put in a shield with a fine thorn, blocked the front, the hand of that note began to spin fast like a mini-gun and pour out the shells recklessly.

I'm going! Papapapapapang!

Energy bolts with weight magic, high speed magic, and sharpness magic.

Each power is not strong. There is also no fraudulent effect of pouring 6,000 rounds per minute like a mini-gun I know well.

About 500 shots per minute.

However, thanks to the addition of penetration into the magic itself, it has the advantage of being swept away three or four at a time.

Even so, it is an impressive growth considering that it took one second to shoot one shot at first, as it was made by splitting Ma Jeong-seok, which boasts a fraudulent output, and making it into several balls.

Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!

Click!

However, there is nothing we can do about the significant satisfaction itself.

"Well... what... what is that?"

"Davie... what the hell did you make..."

Wynn and Ullis looked alarmed at the new golem's activities for mass destruction, which is more than Megatron's.

"What kind of firepower is that?! Wasn't it just an energy bolt?!"

"It's not exactly a magic impersonation, it's a magic mixture of magic."

"That can't be possible..."

"It's a machine, right? Like tools do what humans can't do and magicians do for them."

"It's common sense that it's impossible..."

"Well, common sense can be broken at any time."

It seems like I keep forgetting, but that's a golem with a large amount of magic knowledge.

Of course, the overload on the output is so great that we're turning it like a mini-gun to reduce overload...

But the output is dropping so much, it's urgent to charge it.

There is a room for improvement.

Boom! Boom!

In front of the tankers block the narrow road and the ruthless manatan shelling of that note is immediately behind.

They're scattered as if they're just scrambling through the cracks and attacking them...

Sadly, they didn't do much damage to their incredibly strong gloves.

Basically, it has become bigger by pushing various functions continuously, and it is because snipers have blown large monsters with strong single firepower.

Eventually, some of the monsters began to dig through the cracks in the two golems and pass by.

Of course, despite their attempts, Lünne prepared something.

Gazing!! Gazing!

Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

Screechuck!!

Argh!

Megatron, a mobile strike golem puma with a huge dagger, and a golem that really suits the electric saw, began to move.

"Davie, by calculation, we miss a lot of monsters. Lünne, decide you have to fight."

"Yes, go out and run as fast as you like."

Even the smallest size is actually the strongest of the five Golems, so you won't be able to face them.

A man who dusts off his loose skirt summons a strange device over his back.

"Adopted close combat. Type Light Saver. Lünne, appreciate this."

Whispering!!

Manna begins to flow out of the equipment that sticks out on the back of both hands as if it were made by planning an oracle blade.

At the same time, a small wing fluttered around his back, and a flying man bombarded the center of a crowd of monsters.

Whoo!

The situation, which is followed by strong bombardment, is literally a massacre of innocent people!

Monsters who are surprised by Lünne's sudden intrusion will naturally strike back.

Crying!!

Far from preventing Lünne's behavior, he faltered to see if he felt instinctive fear when even that fragile-looking skin failed to sneeze.

Except for those who are scared and scattered, only those who are under command and advance are thrown away.

"Oh, my God... what is that?"

"I can't believe I'm turning Manna into a sword... "

The two men, looking down at the battlefield from the side, were almost stunned.

"To be honest, I don't know."

It's not just a wise man's stone, or Deus Axi or Golem.

My honest feelings represented the current situation.

No matter how good the golem is, it takes a lot of energy to charge it, and the gloves can be crushed.

However, Lünne was outspoken, as if to show off that she was simply a complete golem.

When Lünne was forced to destroy the formation and dig into battle after a long time.

Monsters suddenly spread out in all directions and began to run away recklessly, as if their commanding abilities had disappeared for a moment.

I didn't have to go after him because he was on the other side of the territory... ...but it seemed necessary to take me down and deal with the remnants.

Later, Lünne, who returned to me with gloves crushed golem here and there, reported in a resonant voice without caring about the torn clothes.

"Lünne, confirm the survival response of the great monster. I don't think it's a threat, so I recommend how to increase output through David's praise."

Come to think of it, Lünne is somewhat useful against the strong, but on the contrary, he has a certain ability in the massacre.

I laughed in vain because I looked expressionless and subtly happy.

48. Capital of the Lindis Empire.

The youngest woman in the Lindis Empire,

Arya al-Lindis, the only member of the royal family who is of mixed ethnicity, has never eaten with anyone for more than three years, unlike other royal family members.

No, I've never even shown my bare skin except for meals and some of my nuns.

A noble lineage of the Imperial family wears a mask, wears gloves, and shows no one bare skin to avoid the eyes of others?

It seems absurd, but it has been a familiar phenomenon for her for nearly a few years.

It was because she was suffering from a disease that was appalling in the eyes of others.

The name of the disease at the age of 13 is the Devil's Blood, another name for the accelerating fusion virus.

It was a horrible disease that was not known to the public, but was known to have no cure for once it developed.

Disgusting blue spots sprout throughout the body and body temperature fluctuates freely.

It was clear that it was impossible to move immediately and that you had to worry about whether you would die today or tomorrow.

However, she had a slightly different case than other cases.

This is because they could live just like ordinary people, except that the dark blue spots on the outside were grossly raised.

Body temperature is normal. Other organs, muscles, and fat that straddle the body are fine.

I was a little thin due to the hard work caused by the illness, but in fact, it was only the result of a drop in appetite regardless of the disease.

However, her appearance was not as bright and innocent as she had been when she was young.

In such a situation, the Lindis Empire still had the idea that Su-in was once considered cheap, and her position was beyond words.

Even kings speak ill of kings in places they don't know, but is it true that a woman who has a terrible disease?

So she wore a mask and gloves.

He never took off his crude yet modest dress, completely covering his entire body, and spent more than two years in the Holy Land for treatment under the orders of the Emperor Lindis.

"Well, really... can I get better?"

Just for a moment, a man with a strict impression sitting in front of her nodded to her question of hope.

"Yes, this treatment has already saved thousands of lives on Ordem land. Most of them were successful in treating this disease, and everyone got up."

"Ah!"

How long has it been?

A trembling voice came from her masked mouth.

She was the most difficult woman herself.

People have a desire to take care of themselves and become beautiful.

The same was true of Aria.

She was a dreamy royal girl who had always wanted to meet someone who loved her since she was young and only wanted to show the person her beauty.

Especially recently, she had a simple desire to find a man she encountered on her way back from the Holy Land.

I found out through a reliable person, but what I found wasn't as good as I thought.

Black hair was quite visible on this continent.

In fact, if you go to the western continent, there are more people with black hair.

All she remembered was that she was a wizard, and that there was a subtle scent of Sansuyu.

Of course, even if I found him, I couldn't find him. Her body was ugly enough to make many people frown.

"You'll definitely get better. In particular, Emperor Lindis is going to have a big party for the coming of age."

A Sioux, but to consolidate her position.

Aria's voice began to sound a little excited.

"That's right. I really want to get better."

"Leave it to me. I will make sure that you can take off your mask and attend."

Baron Gorneo, who had a strict impression, smiled faintly. At first glance, it was a very uneasy laugh, but there was a talent for making people comfortable.

She soon recovered completely and smiled brightly on her hidden face in the mask, dreaming of a happy future where she met him.

but

In spite of Baron Goneo's visit to cure her.

She is.

Her incarceration continued to haunt her.

* * *

After the territorial crisis, Hood's vampires have not carried out further attacks.

However, the only hope was that the current position of defending the attack would give us some clues.

"We need Hongma Jewelry to make Majeongseok arbitrarily."

Hongma Jewelry, Red Moon.

It is a unique jewel that is redder than a ruby.

My current problems were concentrated here.

Since golem types are made of many different types, it is time to create mass-production objects with lower unit cost.

The mana processing method of the cart does not allow the product to be made with the efficiency of the marbled stone in a short time.

However, the current theory was that the general mana stone golem, which has the pride of the craftsman, cannot be made, which is limited to the period of use.

However, the golem should be used to restore its strength and put in a different quality than ordinary mana stone.

Training one person at a time is cheap, but no matter how hard it is, it is impossible for ordinary guards to follow the value of a single golem.

You can't keep me buffed and active forever.

As a result, it would be quite useful to make golem with at least one or two marbles. The problem is that it is difficult to find Ma Jeong-seok.

The problem is that we have no choice but to make it ourselves.

There is a shortage of ingredients.

Basically mana stone and other materials were readily available.