115 # 115

The Manreb hero is coming back!

five volumes and fifteen episodes

"At least I should have my own common sense. You guys who live long.'

It's the best crap I've heard lately.

"Turn it over now. I don't like unnecessary killing."

At her calm words, I pressed down on the heart of this poor girl, Baek Ik, who lay on the floor.

What is this pervert doing?

Everyone's eyes were about to be embarrassed by the sight.

Whispering!!

The girl's heart opened as if she had been waiting, and the biomechanical device inside began to work.

The space inside was small enough to fit just a small heart. Then, I pushed the machine's heart, the god of the machine that I had without hesitation.

"Oh, no. It's already loaded."

What do you know about Milpieu and what is it? My current interest is only for this little silver-haired girl who seems to be protesting that it's over with a heart.

It's good to put it on Megatron, but I suddenly wondered.

What is this little girl?

As soon as Milpieu was about to react to my mischievous remarks.

A beautiful girl with silver hair with her eyes closed as if she had died began to wince loudly.

* * *

Everyone was silent about my unexpected behavior.

Reflectively, I understand the consequences of what I did.

In particular, that unusual half-vampire milpieu, who is confronting me, looked like that, but I could see her eyes twinkling.

Cheek! Whisper!

Soon it was the only time that a bizarre sound rang out in an open hatch, and something inside the girl began to connect with the machine heart.

90% of the body is biological. However, the remaining 10 percent is made up of artificial metal.

The bitter taste is Adamantium, and the delicate white metal is the duck-harkon.

As expected, it seemed that the ancient civilization class was not going anywhere.

Chakang!!

It was not long before the machine heart, which was vibrating softly, was fully installed, and the open hatch closed itself and began to be fully sealed.

The adhering skin soon turned into an apparently fine skin.

Until a while ago, her chest, which had cracks so that she could open the inside like a machine, now has only one skin that is as white as ordinary people.

Then, after a brief silence, the moving girl's finger flicked.

Chewing.

At the same time, a golden circular border floated in the air above the girl's head.

It was like an angel's ring.

"Access code. Enabled, main power inserted."

The girl's lips, which had been tightly closed, opened small and murmured with her eyes closed.

Is it because of his small physique?

His voice is subtly young, too.

At that rate, both of them feel young in the first place because they are teenagers' voices.

Chewing... ...laughing!

The girl, who was flinching in the process of staring blankly, slowly raised her upper body.

At the same time, things I had covered were falling down and the white nakedness began to emerge.

Whether it was a biological golem or a really unique species, his body had everything that seemed necessary for reproduction.

Then, the tightly closed girl's eyes slowly opened and her clear blue eyes slowly began to show.

At the same time, tens of thousands of characters appear in the eyes and then disappear.

The girl, who stared at me silently, soon turned her eyes slowly me.

"Main program boot complete. Run the Lünne."

"Lune?"

Very naturally and in a dainty move she didn't even recognize what she was saying, she faced me exactly.

Then he slowly closed his eyes and reached out one hand, opening them.

"Link to launch, imprint owner's DNA."

She spoke calmly and put her hand on my neck, and there was a light spark at the tip of her hand on my neck.

The blue eyes of the girl called Lüncheng once flashed with a tingling energy.

"Owner imprinting completed. Current time... ...Psy! Data error. Lünne demands new data updates."

Her fingers that approached me so touched me.

"Start connection, try mucous membrane contact."

Then he pushed my finger into my nostrils before I could react.

"Cuck!"

However, no matter how small a finger is, it does not fit into the nose of any man.

"Contact failure. Oral mucous membrane contact is initiated as a second best option."

This time, he took out the hand he had pushed into his nose and pushed it into his mouth.

"Huh?"

At the same time, everyone's facial expressions there were bizarrely distorted.

Milpieu, who was confronting me, opened his eyes wide and his breath became rough.

"Hmm... interesting."

Whooooooooooooooooh!

What does mucous membrane contact have to do with it?

The finger that entered my mouth, the finger that pricked my nose a moment ago.

Reflecting on it, Lünne's mysterious expression stuck in me.

"Master, why don't you give me permission to update my data?"

"No thanks. What are you doing?"

"Lunne, direct contact with the owner's mucous membrane. We can collect the basic data we need."

"That's why you poked your finger into your nostrils?"

She tilted her head at my words.

However, it didn't last long, so he sighed briefly as if he was satisfied.

"Schedule data collection complete. Vampire, the master's exclusion."

How did you get the data from me?

I'm already looking forward to it. Lune's appearance as if she were going to fight right away made Milpieu glow with red blood on her fingers as if she was distracted.

Half-vampire Milpieu seems to be a very strong class, but as a half-vampire, the force may be lower than the same class.

"Are you going to fight me?"

"Excerpts Master's enemy, combat weapon, Lünne."

"It's all interesting, let me study it."

"As a result of the analysis, the study determines that Lünne's body is of considerable interest."

I nodded my head at the sight of him giving me a look of what to do.

If you're confident, give it a try.

"Can you handle it?"

"Search results, Lünne, determine victory."

"Okay, then try to subdue it."

"Command, Acquisition."

The ring glistened over the calmly spoken Lünne's head and began to rotate slowly.

At the same time, the size doubled and tens of thousands began to pass through the inside of the blue eyes.

"It's interesting, come with me, I can provide you with more data. Do you need mucous membrane contact? You're welcome to help me..."

"Lünne, at your master's command, reject the offer. Vampires. Exclusion."

Lünne, who spoke calmly, reached for Milpieu.

Whoo...

At the same time, strange things began to happen.

In the air where there was nothing, particles began to gather like holograms, and something large began to be made into particles.

"What's that?!"

"Ah... in the air where there's nothing..."

"Wow... it's like I'm losing common sense again."

Maybe my muttering is the same as everyone here thinks.

Perhaps the ancient civilization of 10,000 years ago was a completely different and extremely advanced civilization in a sense.

There is no way to know how such a civilization ended and disappeared.

"Light heat turret. Linkage complete. Targeting, 2.1% probability of elimination on hit. Expect increased probability of elimination on continuous hit."

As soon as Lünne finished speaking, Milpieu, who noticed something strange, bounced reflexively.

Like a high-ranking vampire above the master level, crisis detection capability is not normal.

"Shoot."

Crying!

With a very short sound, a blue light flew in like a giant hole.

* * *

Crying!!

Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!

Dozens of rays of light fly in an instant.

When Lünne's attack began with a huge explosion, Milpieu was busy running around and avoiding without a proper response.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

"You crazy bastard."

Reflecting on the aftermath, Lucia and Cio have no choice but to step up and block the light because they have no talent to avoid it.

Coooooooong!

A subtle sense of numbness was conveyed at the fingertips when Hongdan was used to strike out the near-flying light.

The output is out of the ordinary.

With one foot like this...

90% of all megatron outputs. It's an unparalleled performance considering the power of the speaker.

Persek gives me an accurate comparative analysis to see if I've noticed my mind.

"Ee... what is this?!"

Unaware of the situation, Lucia screamed.

It has to be, and suddenly it's a vampire, and Lünne, a girl who's chasing that vampire and shooting up the rays of light.

"I didn't know Deus Axe Makina had this crazy effect."

Not only the heart of the machine, but the specifications of the body are unusual.

It seems to have been called the Stone of the Wise Men of the Golem world for nothing.

Analyze it coolly

To be exact, I am not confident in producing such output with my current knowledge and understanding.

Just as I can't make Surt's new sword alone.

It might have been possible if I had been my alchemy teacher.

What kind of man is the owner of this place?

"The firepower is amazing... ...and I want it more and more!"

However, even if he was such an outstanding guy, he could see the limit.

First, the overwhelming lack of combat data, and...

"On the contrary, the power is weak against the strong."

Basically, the light that Lünne is shooting at is strong.

This is similar to the magic of the 5 circle wizard shooting in the latter half of the 4 circle.

However, it cannot have a significant impact on existence above the master level.

Of course, there's something unique about the light, so if you're hit, you might be able to hurt it.

That's a story only if Milpieu was right to the point.

Of course, this is not all the output, so once the data is accumulated and the assimilation with the machine's heart is somewhat advanced, the master class will be able to win without difficultyet.

Completely different from megatrons with clear limits as the output is fixed to the finish.

I wish I had an object of command because it's not easy to adjust and handle the golem without ego every time.

This is how you get your items.

Click, click.

This is enough firepower to watch, so it's time to step out.

Even a half vampire, that pink-haired woman named Milpieu, is not an ordinary bet.

Perhaps because he judged that Lünne's attack was somewhat threatening, he was testing Lünne, unable to control his interest.

"Mr. Davy?"

Suddenly Lucia, who opened her eyes round as soon as I stood up, called me.

"I'm very satisfied, but I can't deal with him now."

She looked suspicious at my words.

Fortunately, Milpieu could not hear my voice, but he was analyzing it, avoiding Lünne's verbal attack.

"It's good to be interested, but that's mine. Don't look away."

And when her position, avoiding the ever-expanding rays of light, reached my range.

I muttered, pulling out a tiny bit of the bronze that I had put in the lock.

"Huh?!"

[Super-Medium]

[Super-fast detection]

[Changwol Gwanggeom]

There is no law against anyone breaking into a one-on-one fight.

In an instant, I, who took over her, grinned and pulled out the sword.

Watch out for the back of your head.

At the moment, a blue flash cut off all the attacks of Lünne, who were flying toward her, including her, and separated the area.