112 # 112

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 12 of the Five Books

What... you... you... the circle is always...

It's as if I forced the door open that won't open.

Two of the circles that rotate my body are spinning dimly.

It was a ring equal to 6 and 7 circles.

"A temporary circle, it'll be gone soon, but it won't kill you right now."

I should be prepared for a reaction.

It was also true that one third quarter of the electricity that could be pulled was lost.

"Luck..."

Shouting Shio Howl is a better situation.

However, Lucia, who was traumatized mentally, was in such a bad condition that she had to use her hands immediately.

"Ha... ha... ha... all... daphne... daphne..."

In the midst of this, we are looking for a saint. It is natural that she believes in Daphne more than the one given to her.

No, so the woman you're looking for doesn't know you.

As she embraced her without a word and raised her divine power, the divine power inside her body reacted and began to move.

[Reinforce the Mind]

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...

Strengthening the spirit of the higher divine magic.

It was one of the buff spells that I poured into the territorial vigilantes the other day to fight Goblin.

"Ah..."

The slow-moving spirit slowly and gradually began to calm her, who had become so pale that she could not even could breathe.

"It's okay. It's alive."

"What... Mr. Davyah?"

"Yes, it's me."

"I... am I alive?"

It is fortunate that he didn't go over the shock since he easily jumped the 100-meter dash.

I don't know how there was this much space under the ruins. In the first place, I knew that the ancient ruins themselves refused common sense.

"Everything's fine now."

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...

I had no choice but to soothe her without a word when she burst into tears after crying and continuing to caress her.

* * *

"Huh!!"

Only after time had I started to calm myself down did I approach Hsiao Haul, who had fallen from her and was gasping for breath.

Perhaps because of the pain in his arms and the impact of the crash, he was also out of his mind.

Of course, he is more active on the outside, but he is more of a self-righteous than Lucia.

"Hold your teeth."

Then I clasped his broken arm firmly without any pain relief.

The mere touch of his hand is enough to make his body visible.

Ooddeuk!!

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

"Hold on, you little bastard."

Clang! Clang! Clang!

Set the broken bones by force and simply cast a recovery magic.

I had to splint until my bones were completely healed, so I took out a couple of steel plates from my expansion pocket to replace the splint. I ripped off his robe.

"Eh...Davie..."

In the meantime, the man who was panicking and drooling as he checked me called my name.

"Why... why me..."

"......."

Her eyes reached me as I approached Lucia, who sat down with a blank face without answering his question.

"......."

There were many things in the eyes.

We can just let it go without saying anything, but it will be better than asking questions for nothing.

"Wow..."

It was not long before the eyes of Hsiao Howl reached me, and I opened my mouth pointing to the ceiling that had fallen without a word.

"It's more than 100 meters away. If they were a little late, both of them would have been bloodshed."

"Uh... how..."

He didn't even understand how he lived even though he thought about it himself.

I tried to suppress the pain of turning my stomach upside down, and after breathing hard and short, I applied light magic to the two people one by one that emerged as my surroundings.

"Follow me. I'll find a way out."

"Eh...Davie! Did you save us?!"

It was not long before Lucia heard a cry from behind.

"Well, for now."

"How..."

You were not an alchemist with very few men.

That was the question in her eyes.

The fact is that Xio Howl, too, still couldn't hide his confused gaze.

"I'm just using gravity magic."

"Reverse Gravity, Six Circle Gravity Magic. That can't be...."

Hsiao Haul mumbled the same thing over and over again, unable to believe me.

It's a seven-circle high-reverse gravitation magic that's more than that. There was no need to explain.

"Get moving, the ruins are constantly changing. If the wall moves while staying here, it may become a mousetrap."

I said for a long time, the two of them dazed up more slowly.

* * *

Silence lasted a long time.

Although calm, Lucia kept looking around as if she had not yet escaped the shock of the time.

"Hmm... but I don't think I'm going to be a mousetrapo right now."

Pointing around at the wall, I said, "Howl doesn't understand."

"Why did you save me?"

"What?"

"It's literally the same. Why do you want me to..."

"You're a bonus, son."

I quickly hung up because it seemed like it would be endless if I left it alone.

"......."

Even if he said so, he no longer said anything if he knew that he had lived thanks to me.

Unlike other colleagues, he is not interested in his life or death, but if he gets caught and saves his life, it is his luck.

"I can hardly feel the manna on my body. The average person is the very least. But how... how did he use the high-level magic?"

When asked by him, I slowly pulled Hong Dan out of my waist as I was leading the way by tapping on the wall.

Seeing him gasping for breath at the sight of the red sword that gave out light on his own, I drew a sword across the dark corridor without hesitation.

"I use it because I can."

Screechuck!!

At the same time, a gruesome cutting came from the other side of the dark corridor.

Coooooooong!

At the same time, I heard something heavy being cut off and dropped on the floor.

"That doesn't make sense..."

Once again, when Hong Dan-yi's red body left dozens of remnants, dozens of heavy things were cut off again from far away.

"Do you think my wife is weak?"

"......."

"If that's the case, that's all you can see."

He took a short breath at my words.

"Life is real, son. Even if you don't want to believe it, if you see it, it's the truth. And."

Guardians, that's a lot.

I took a bold step, swallowing the behind-the-scenes.

"Do you want to get to the bottom of this? Keep your mouth shut and follow me if you can. The listeners will be frustrated."

I really wanted to try this at least once.

What he wanted to say so much...

We should use it when we have a chance. She smiled dejectedly after reading my thoughts.

Walking slowly out of the darkness was, of course, a golem.

Of course, they are exactly the same kind as the ones in the ruins of the Hines estate.

The rebound comes due to the rise of Manna again, but I didn't feel that it was not enough because it was already a few times.

"Stay behind me and follow me. I'll get you both out of here without a scratch."

When I was training, I wondered why I would do this.

In this situation, I felt that the hardships of my efforts were rewarded.

* * *

"Davie!!"

Tuck!!

"Illina, screaming and running toward the tightly closed place, soon blocked her, is a huge Guardian Golem."

It was restrained by Megatron.

"Get away!"

There was a strong cry, but Megatron silently stopped her.

Can't you see your master's fallen? I said get out of the way!"

In general, she shouted in anger, with Caldiras pulled out of her hand, but Megatron just silently shone in the blue light and stopped her and did not even budge.

Naturally, she was not good enough to step down.

"You damn lump of scrap metal!"

The moment she tried to attack Megatron with a grim look.

"No, I can't!"

"Stop it!"

The reflexes of Hague and Shire Lenda snatched her arm and restrained her.

"Stop it! It's already closed!"

"Let go! I have to go find her!"

"What are you going to do when you go?"

She screamed like an evil, but the two were determined and wouldn't let go of her arm.

Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!

Argh!

Then, under such confusion, a battle-ente was torn to pieces by Megatron's giant chainsaw.

[Megatron!! Unlimited output!] Protect everyone!]

Golem without ego.

It just moved silently to protect the people here according to the order left by the owner.

* * *

It's four meters long. It is a human form, but it has a unique stone attached to the whole body.

Even the jewel that sticks to the forehead.

Crying!

Stay still!

Their eyes turn red, and a super-high-temperature heat ray is fired in as if Superman were shooting a ray.

Because it is a wall that does not break easily even if the oracle blade is swung recklessly, the terrain was not distorted by their rays, but it was obvious to anyone that the power was not normal.

Screechuck!!

On the contrary, even though he did not strengthen his sharpness to the extreme, the sword of Hong Dan-yi, who flew separately from the solid floor, brutally cut off their giants.

Ignoring the resistance of everything that touches it.

I still feel it, but it is a simple yet ignorant power.

Of course, there is a demerit that the stronger the target, the more consumed Manna.

The concept of ignoring defense was efficient in many ways.

The number of them does not decrease easily, even though the sword is swung at random as it is possessed.

But I can't just wipe it all out like before.

Even if the big risk was passed, he was not in good physical condition.

Ack!!

I'm cutting off the guys who are almost in a trance.

Suddenly, a golem popped out of the wall and punched Lucia with a huge fist.

"Frozen! Ice wall!"

Reflectively, Shio Howl hurriedly released ice to build a wall, but he seemed to be well aware that the hastily made ice wall did not properly block his attack.

a momentary gap His fist clambered into the ice wall of Hsiao Howl.

But his attack didn't serve his purpose.

Hong Dan, who flew in an instant, cut it with his arm.

Then the body of the Qingdao, which scattered the blue aftertaste, went through his body and threw it into the wall.