111 # 111

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 11 of the Five Books

Following the first floor, the second floor itself was successful.

In the first place, dangerous objects existed on the third basement floor and most of them were handled by the starting expedition, so it was safe to say that there was no real risk factor.

However, if I went out again this time, the situation would be overturned so quickly that I had no choice but to take a certain number and leave the rear.

"Davie apprentice's golem is too strong. I'm much more agile and stronger than when I first fought the Shio apprentice."

Boris' judgment was true.

In fact, it is true that the power of output has increased.

"Alchemists are not training, they are fighting with knowledge."

At my words he gave me a hearty laugh and patted me on the back.

When the subtle touch first fell into the corridor, it felt similar to Hercules, who gave me words of blessing and patted me on the back.

"Hahaha! That's right! It's important to find a way to improve yourself and train yourself, but one of the things you should never forget to train yourself."

"Is that so?"

"What if that golem gets out of action? What if you were here in such a situation? You have to fight for yourself!"

It was a remark that was uninhabited to the core.

"I shouldn't let that happen."

"Huh, Davy's apprentice is still brilliant, so I don't worry too much. You're in the van of our knights! Hahaha!"

Not everyone becomes a master even if they are official members.

If there are 20 members, there are only 2 to 3 masters among them.

In that sense, it was not strange for me to be known to have superior combat or utility skills than the current members.

But you wouldn't want to be a regular member.

'That's right.'

Even the apprenticeship team enjoys it. From now on, even if they provide financial support, they will rarely run wild directly.

"You have a good expression."

When I took the water bottle out of my bag and threw it, Illina, who was approaching me, put down the white giant sword with a tired face.

"What about Caldiras?"

"Because I can't train on Caldiras."

If the use of a sword increases force by three to four times, self-discipline will be difficult.

Drinking the bucket with a sweaty face, she returned the bucket in a big way.

Her appearance, wet with sweat and water, was certainly beautiful.

Still, the reason why they do not look at it in a bewitching manner is because their eyes are basically high, and because of the selfish beauty of the devil who lives with them every time.

"At first, he only moved to help me, but now he's moving on his own."

"It's fun."

"Huhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

Her spiteful remarks forced me to smile bitterly.

She does not consider herself thoughtful like an old man who has lived for hundreds of years, but in a way, she was not wrong.

"It looks good, though. I think it's a good thing I brought you here, even though it's forced."

She smiled cutely, and when she spoke neatly, I could laugh in my mouth.

Then, without hesitation, he dropped the flick on her forehead.

"Oh, my God!"

"Playful."

"You!"

I was about to yell at her, so enraged by my actions.

There was something strange suddenly in my sight.

"Mr. Boris."

"Hmm?"

"That ground. Hasn't it changed a little?"

Boris, who turned his head at my words, looked suspicious.

"And that's also... "

Kugugugugugugugugung!!

Of course, dirty predictions are not wrong.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

"What is this!"

Suddenly, the entire site began to shake, and the frightened apprentices screamed.

"Everyone, gather around! Don't scatter! Stay alert!"

The ruins are shaped like hundreds of square stone pieces that are interspersed.

the same way as the Hines estate

Due to the historical nature of the structure, if you touch something wrong, it's the same as now.

"Oh! The wall!"

The structure of the entire site may be reversed.

"Teacher Celia! Junior apprentices!

"Yes!"

Alarmed by the sudden incident, Boris quickly pulled out his sword and looked nervous.

The apprentices also stopped embarrassing and looked around with their arms pulled out.

That's the play!

However, as if they were not interested in such tensions, the remains constantly changed their shape as if they were alive.

The wall that was tightly blocked opens and the road that was blocked.

"Seo... Sir... what the hell is this?

Fendir was about to say something about the scene of the ruins that had been changed.

Shake!

The floor where the two outermost apprentices were standing suddenly disappeared.

"Huh?"

"Huh?!"

They were none other than Lucia Shelman and Shio Howl, big fans of the first saint Daphne.

None of the apprentices could save the two by capturing the moment.

Teachers who could react quickly were far away from them and it was too short a moment for the students nearby to react.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

The two of them screaming and falling for a second.

It felt as if time had stopped. However, even during such a slow time, what I had to do was decided in the end.

Without hesitation, I hit the floor and threw myself into the hole where the two disappeared and began to close again.

"Davie?"

"Mega-tron!! Release the power limit, protect everyone!"

a hideous golem that stands silently and reveals its presence After throwing an order to Megatron.

[Command... Sue...]

Beyond the distant hole, Megatron's dull voice rang quietly.

* * *

[Light!]

As soon as I fell into the hole, what I used was the light, the light of the light.

In an instant, a small amount of manna escapes from the body and the surroundings are bright.

a very short moment

Since the fall time was not long, the priority was to get it before the two people were stuck on the floor and became blood rice cakes.

Wham!

That's how crazy I was, I activated the three mana I had put to sleep at the same time.

"If you don't listen, you won't be responsible for the consequences. It's moving so fast.'

[Heist]

[Distraction]

[Blood Acceleration]

[Gravity]

Speedometer magic, buff magic, and black magic blood flow.

That's not enough to strengthen the gravity.

[Air tile]

The magic of the air tread was caught at the tip of my foot.

There is a big difference in the speed of the drop as the two fell and I followed.

Of course, he couldn't catch up with the two with his physical abilities, so Buffrand threw all of his bets and kicked the scaffold in the air.

Then he got a reaction and repeatedly followed it.

The fly magic is too slow, and the gravity-reversing magic 6 circle reverse gravitational attraction is currently unavailable to my body, although the accelerated drop speed has led to the chase of the two men.

As soon as I was struck by it, I put my hands together and signed my seal.

Usually, it's Yeongchang and Su-in and you don't need it.

[7 Circle]

[Forced Gear Shift]

[Overload]

[Hi Reverse......]

Unlike other Manna, the magic circle, which has only recovered to about five circles, cannot implement seven circles of magic, let alone six circles.

However, I was a magician who had gone beyond the level of 8 circles fairy tales.

He was forced to operate the magic using the 'fairy tale' of Manna's will.

Magic that will be revealed for a short time anyway. Therefore, he chose seven circle magic over six circles with high risk.

[Gravity]

different from gravitational reversals, which generally reverse gravity.

The top magic of gravity system that changes the laws of gravity in the world.

The mana, whose whole blood vessels were swelling and bursting from his body, completely ignored the laws of physics.

45. The lowest layer of the ruins, its heritage and its hindrance.

Come to think of it, Lucia Shelman has her own cute side, but it doesn't matter whether she dies or not.

Why did this guy fall?

Is it because of such psychology?

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Unlike Lucia, who had relatively no injuries, Hsiao Howl's arm was strangely bent and smashed to see if he could not absorb all the shocks.

It wouldn't have happened if the perfect magic had been revealed.

Of course, the worst rebound among the three was none other than my body.

There's no way there's no reaction without using the magic of the output that's not allowed to you.

If you were a regular wizard, it wouldn't be weird if your whole body's blood had flowed back and died.

"Kuluck..."

Oh, my God! What have you done with your body that hasn't recovered six circles yet?

Screaming, Persec put his hand on me and quickly pulled up Margie.

It's basically a maggie with devastating powers, but it can be any medicine, depending on the user's proficiency.

"Stop it."

However, I had no choice but to snatch her and keep her away from me because I was not such a fool that I didn't know what it meant to use a large number of maggies.

She tried to save me by raising the life she had left.

Shut up and take it! You're half dead! You're not picky!

I was gasping for breath at her screaming cry, but I fell on my knees and closed my eyes and struggled to mutter.

"Wait a minute. Be merciful... ...for the Lord of the Lambs."

As the strengthened natural healing magic began to gradually recover the twisted gut with a short prayer, the rough breath began to slowly stabilize as if it would break immediately.

It was clearly an oddly quick recovery.

"Whoa..."

Davey!

"That's enough, don't make a fuss. A little."

That makes sense... what... what's going on?

She, who was shouting in a crying voice, checked my body change and opened my eyes wide.

"Did I tell you about her personality?"

.......

The personality of the three forces I have.

A commander who writes evil for himself.

And lazy divine power.

Lastly, a regular mana who is very rough and helps me the most when I need it.

Among the forces that each person has a unique personality, the average mana is greatly influenced by my life.

It is surprisingly simple to take when you feel the danger of my life reaction, which is usually the owner of Manna, who is so mean.