113 # 113

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 13 of the Five Books

[Swordplay]

[Parents]

I didn't stop there, dug into him and took a short breath.

"Whoop!"

[Bloodmaster]

[Serious Prosecutor]

[Composite impactor]

[Black-and-white Ssangrope]

The sword's method, which uses overwhelming weight without technique, was used in one hand and in the other hand, a black-and-purple flame was used as if it were colliding, then bouncing and punching.

Ring!

The black-and-purple flames, mixed with a large amount of weight, created a huge wavelength and failed to powder his body, causing him to twist even the wall behind him.

"Oh, my head..."

Davey! She told me not to overdo it!

'I know, so please be quiet.'

My head is ringing, man.

Ignoring the jolting body's warning, Ma Jeong-seok, who acts as a core, was pulled out of the head of the broken golem.

"Uh......."

Lucia was no help in this situation, but I didn't mean to blame her for it.

For her, who is still an apprentice with experience and skills, this would be more like a disaster.

"Sio Howl."

"......."

"Keep Lucia safe if she's in her right mind."

"......."

"Don't make me say it twice. If I say the same thing in my mouth again, I'll kill you after judging that it won't help."

I didn't answer, but when I saw him raising Manna with a nervous face, I felt that it was helpful to keep her alive.

He seemed to be full of questions about how I used more than six circles of magic to perform nonsense swordsmanship, punch and compare to sodmasters.

However, it seemed like what I had just said was on the line to bring it out of my mouth.

"There's a long way to go. Come on."

As soon as the area was cleared up, I strode back toward the inside.

* * *

I'd like to take care of everything if possible, but it was a pity that there was not enough room to take care of the big guys one by one.

As it is unfortunate, it is a long time to take the small stone tablets with Ma Jeong-seok and Mana arrangement and take them out of their pockets.

After more than 30 marbles and 20 stone tablets were available, a smile was placed around the mouth of the temple.

It's definitely worth the trouble.

With that, at least four to five more megatron-class golems could be made.

It is worthwhile not to go up immediately after crushing the ceiling.

In fact, I wondered what was inside.

When the golems no longer popped out, I took a short breath and rolled my eyes around.

"Eh...Davie! Wait a minute!"

While recovering his physical strength little by little, Lucia, who had been unable to escape from his blank face, ran to me with his eyes wide open.

"Stay behind me."

"I'm... I'm a priest, too! Let me put a physical therapy on you!"

"I know how to use the divine magic."

"I learned that there is a difference between what you write and what others walk!"

There was a lot of will to be helpful.

In fact, staying still is what helps, but Lucia quickly raised her divine power while crying, demonstrating the healing magic on my body.

However, the divine power emanating from her hand continued to crumble before it could form a magical form.

There is no way that the divine magic that is used urgently will work properly.

He tried to force himself up by crying out loud, but basically, it was a natural result, as most human beings had lazy personalities.

Still, he was so cute when he tried to do something.

"Calm down."

"......."

"Breathing."

She gasped at my words and began to exhale slowly.

"Yeah, good job. The more urgent the divine magic becomes, the harder it is to use it."

"Davie..."

"Slowly. You just have to do it very slowly. We have plenty of time."

As she comforted her and comforted her, a colorful, bright white light burst out from her crying hands.

I felt a little calm in my weak but jolting body.

The sight gave me a gentle pat on his head with compliments.

"Great. That's enough. Don't forget, divine magic is to use it calmly. You're responsible for saving everyone, whether you're a partner or a team member, you know?"

"Yes..."

"If you panic like that, no one can cure you."

I'll do it. I'll do it."

"Yeah, good job."

She was quite familiar with the way she looked at her blind faith, as if she would believe that she would make fermented soybeans with red beans.

However, the self-doubt in it was inevitable.

Boom!!!

After a short break, I was able to get to a huge hall at the end of the hall with two silent men.

Beep!

And as soon as all three people, including myself, entered, the number 10:00 was printed on the stone plate on the opposite wall and slowly began to decrease by one second.

"You give me a break?"

When I sat down in despair, Lucia rushed over and grabbed my arm.

"Thank you... for not being able to say this, and I'm really just causing you trouble..."

As she was patting her crying, Hsiao Haul, who had been silent a while ago, carefully asked.

"One... may I ask you."

"If you feel better, I'll answer you."

He clenched his teeth at my words and asked quietly.

"You're so good at swordsmanship that you can even make a blade, why at first..."

"First time?"

"That sloppy movement..."

I smiled a hearty laugh at his cry.

"Dialect."

"Choo... Sword?"

"It's a drunken sword, and it's an entertainment sword that looks like a dog is smashed by a novice who doesn't even know it."

"What... what?"

"You didn't know? I did it on purpose to water you. It looks easy, doesn't it? It can't be easy to trick others."

"Oh, my God!"

Realizing the truth, he clenched his teeth.

"That's how you judge who you are."

He shut his mouth at my words.

The sense of separation he felt from me had long since changed to certainty, when I brutally cut down the Maddo Golem.

an overwhelming sword

Even the swordsmanship teacher Boris and Friedos showed a gapless sword, so the idea that my body is weak is just a stupid judgment.

"Well... then why didn't you train or use magic normally?"

"If I had beaten Golem, I would have shown it."

I've just been fighting to your level.

His face turned pale when he understood what he meant.

"What... are you... are you human?"

"Oh, Lucia."

Ignoring his bewildered question, I suddenly called Lucia to say what I really wanted to say.

Then he got up from his seat and looked at the opposite wall.

I laughed and said meaningful words when the time that was pointing for 10 minutes was exhausted and the other wall opened and I began to see the inside.

"No matter how perfect you look, you don't know what's inside."

"Yes... yes?"

"Remember, someday it will be a great help to your mental health."

Oh, I can't tell you this.

Coo-oong!

Somehow, I began to understand the feelings of a servant who served the king of donkey ears.

* * *

What was seen beyond the space was a huge hall.

However, unlike the giant hall that passed a while ago, it was different that there were thousands of glowing green liquids in the test tubes.

It looks like a huge research institute.

The two opened their eyes wide and looked around, unable to hide their surprise at the sight of all the liquid inside.

"I think we're in the last room."

At my murmur Lucia walked slowly towards the examination hall.

"I... I'm rich."

As she said, my eyes move as I looked at the empty space. It stopped slowly.

What reached my vision was two test tubes that were unusually protruding, unlike many on the wall.

That's...

Almost at the same time, Percerk, who discovered it, flew along, muttering curiously.

What was in the test tube was a machine-made heart.

The size was only as small as the human heart, but somehow it felt strange enough to catch the eye of the beholder.

Next to him, a girl who looked like a human was found naked in the solution.

He looked about 18 years old, but he looked younger because he was so small.

However, unlike humans, her waist had white wings about the length of a person's arm, and there was a slight crack under her slender chest.

It's as if you can manipulate that part and open it.

"I've never seen a species before. Did you study homunculus?"

the extreme study of alchemy which forms a double wall with the golem

a homing clue

If Golem is a study that delves into making Deus Ax Makina, the perfect heart and core of the god of mechanical devices).

The homunculus was the end of the desire of those who wanted to make the stone of a wise man.

"You don't think this is it?

While watching without a word, I suddenly thought that.

One is the heart of the machine heart.

The other one is an unidentified little girl who is believed to be a homing class.

There's no way to know the details. Judging from the fact that early civilization is both magical and alchemy has reached its limit.

Maybe that machine's heart...

"Deus Axe Makina, finished."

Deus Axe Makina. Another name is the god of mechanical devices.

The pinnacle of golem learning, a heart with a self created that is impossible to realize even with my knowledge.

Ivar, who was a teacher of alchemy, said that only one thing was accidentally made throughout her life.

The God of Mechanical god?

"a self-made heart made of technology. What the hell did you do here?"

There was an exclamation coming out of my mouth.