116 # 116

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 16 of the Five Books

Once you fall into it, you can't see the surroundings.

Body specifications and reflexes are considerable, but a case of mental illness.

Milpieu I judged was such a vampire.

"Kuluck, it hurts."

If you think it's dangerous, you should take care of it quickly.

Milpieu was a type of enemy that seemed subtly safe but made it difficult to judge easily.

"The blue sword... ..is a judgment miss... so fatal to us... ...the enemy..."

Milpieu, who had been wary of red swords from the beginning, neglected to guard against blue daggers.

And the result is like this.

"It's all interesting... kites... I want to save them."

In the midst of this, she never discouraged me from research.

But her body seemed to be thinking differently from her will.

She poured out her blood through her mouth as if she were protesting.

"Deus Axe Makina... ..the sword of immortality... ..I don't want to give up..."

There was a young depression in her regrettable face.

And, just in a second.

"But, I don't want to die..."

Eventually, she chose to run away.

As if it were turning into a liquid, her new model collapsed and scattered everywhere.

Life is more than a goal.

Her decision to run away was bolder than I thought.

"Davie!"

It was not long before Lucia, who saw her retreat, rushed over and looked at me.

"Everything... are you okay?""

When asked by her screaming questions, she looked around with her head down, but there were no major injuries.

"There's no problem."

"Ahhhhhhh... thank God. May the protection of daphne, the Holy Lady of mercy be with you..."

"It's all a mask."

"What?"

"Nothing."

Still, he seems to have been thorough in image management during his lifetime, but for those who know the truth, he doesn't pray!

Oh, I can't tell you this!

I'm not keeping my mouth shut because I like it.

I'm dying of frustration!

He quickly avoided eye contact by picking up and swallowing a reflexively protruding horse.

It looks fine on the surface.

He has such a gentle impression and cute way of speaking, but why is he a fanatic of Daphne?

You said God was fair.

* * *

There's nothing perfect in the world. How's his body?

'Well, it's getting better.'

It was safe to say that there was no more attack because all of the golems in the area were destroyed by Milpieu.

Once you go out, it won't be a big problem.

"Totally... ...did he run away?"

Lucia murmured uneasily, wary of the surroundings.

He sighed briefly as to whether he had decided to run away completely soon.

"By the way... where are we escaping to?"

Surely, this place was packed with examiners, and there was no way to go anywhere else.

The vampire Milpieu, who attacked me in the first place and ran away, also used his unique spatial magic.

"......."

Should we make it if we don't have it?

I was thinking about it.

I had a small feeling that someone was pulling my collar.

He looks subtly upset that he didn't like the fact that I ended Milpieu, who was fighting with him a while ago.

He is obviously expressionless, but there is no way to know why his emotions are visible.

"Lune?"

"Master. Up, do we have to go?"

Lünne, who still asked with awkward pronunciation, tilted her head.

"Yes."

"The ceiling. Should I break it?"

"If you break it with a harness, it'll collapse, so cleanly, like an aisle seat, can you do it?"

Will we be able to do this?

The power of the beam she used is likely to destroy such a solid historical site.

When I said, Lünne looked up at the ceiling and blinked.

"Start Analysis."

At the same time, the overhead ring, which had been reduced, began to spread significantly.

"Information error, component analysis failed. Initiate the next analysis. Strength measurement. Measurement complete."

Lune, who mumbled calmly, began to raise her hand in the air.

Chakang!!

At the same time, hologram-like things gathered again over her palm, creating a tiny attachment.

Summoning the attachment in the air without anything? What kind of race is this god's lion?

"Start link. Link complete. Adopting high heat rays."

Lünne, who spoke calmly, reached me.

"Master, danger. Behind Lünne."

Can you pierce it?"

It doesn't cut well with the orher blade. It should be cut, but it is less efficient.

The problem was that the equipment on the back of her hand that she summoned was the same as the weapon she just showed.

In other words, her firepower was out of the question.

Lünne answered my question cutely with a blank face.

Two failures are unacceptable, ultra-high heat rays. 50 percent of Lünne's output. Down a significant portion of the system immediately after use. Master, we need to retrieve Lünne."

"It's lighter than it looks, it's not too much."

His expressionless expression seemed subtly pleasing to my words.

At the same time, equipment such as small cannons on the back of her hand slowly began to shine.

"Then, Lünne, you can investigate the super-heated light. It's...."

She speaks in a calmly.

"Lünnega, high, evaluation!"

Was he trying to prove that it is not as useless as before?

There is considerable power in his voice.

Crying!

A very deep, short sound resonated, and shock waves covered the area.

Along with the horse, a small piece of equipment mounted on Lünne's hand tried to emit light, and other blue rays were mercilessly inserted into the ceiling.

It was clear that the firepower was not normal compared to the first time I saw the light.

In addition

"High ratings? That's a good sense of humor.'

Actually, I like this part the most.

* * *

He must have been stubborn.

Perhaps because of my behavior, which seemed to be more disappointing than I thought, Lünne pierced the ceiling more tenaciously than I thought.

Thanks to this, the floor melted down in the aftermath fell down, but he was still in good shape after being hit by the red-hot shrapnel.

The guy, who spins round, burns the perimeter, flaps the inside cleanly, slowly turns off the equipment in his hand and looks at me...

This time, he did it right?

Lünne's expression was triumphant as if to ask a compliment.

I know why you're thinking when you're expressionless.

I totally agree with Persek's grumbling.

Knock, knock!

"Master...Lune, output... error..."

That's what I meant by saying that it was difficult to operate because I lost 50 percent of my own output.

As I sat on the floor and asked him to tell me if he was okay quickly, I gathered the divine magic and put an extra cape on his body, which had become completely naked. Then he slowly carried her on his back.

"Huh?! "

By the way, her body is very heavy unlike the first time!

To estimate the weight, I thought it would be more than 200 kilograms.

It was really light when I first took her out of the test tube.

Is he protesting because he is a golem?

It is much better than Megatron, which plays in tones, but the general public will not be able to lift it.

"You're not hurt, are you?""

Lucia nodded angrily at what I said, and Hsiao Howl remained silent.

"By the way, I'd have to use a fly magic to get up."

You can just kick up the floor, but you can't expect that kind of specification from the two.

"I'll do it."

Then Xio Howl, who was still silent, said quietly reaching out to Lucia.

"Hot?! Wasn't Mr. Hsiao 4 circles?!"

"Tut, I hid a circle. Don't say anything and relax."

Sio, who spoke quietly as if he were some kind of martial artist, immediately used a five-circle fly magic and began to slowly rise up with Lucia.

"Master, Lünne's weight, heavy for man."

"It's much, much heavier... ..."

"Lunne, sensing damage to the emotional circuit. Additionally, it detects the heating of the emotional circuit and determines this as anger."

The expression on his face, which was so calm and complaining that I had been offended, was endless.

Is it because this personality is a unique species of Baek Ik, or because it has become anti-Golem?

Before that, what is this guy like in the first place.

I've heard that the sword's self-bearing is done in the manner in which it holds itself in an excellent sword, but I've never known that that's true of Golem.

"Let's drop that ambiguous title first."

"Lunne, the judgment circuit malfunctioned, requesting a reason."

I didn't really like the bizarre title of that master because I wasn't a particular slave lover.

Possession of the self-contained people and becoming their owners, on the contrary, means that they are in a position to oppress them.

Sadly, I am a person who pursues a clean organization, so I have no intention of condoning this process.

What should I call it?

Once Lünne seemed like a person, Golem, and he had already become my possession, it had been decided that it would be better to put him in the Decepticon squadron, the last Guardian of the Territorial Defense I was making.

However, it was difficult in its own way because I had never thought about putting my name in place for Golem.

As I looked at Lünne's head tilting, she quietly swept her chin when I looked at Persec for help.

'Well... your way of thinking reminds me of many things...'

"No, just call me Davey for now."

"Temporary title imprinting completed."

And you can't change his third-person way of talking?

No matter how small the girl in front of her eyes is so beautiful, it is inevitable that there is a subtle gap.

When I asked that question, Lünne was just laughing.

"Lünne, a system to aid in the name of the individual and to avoid confusion among the same individuals."

It's a concept that's similar to the official name.

"You missed it in the middle."

"Lünne, judging that the individual model year is very old."

He says he is a sergeant in his later years. I won't throw it away at all, but it was okay to take it from time to time because he woke up with his self that he had eaten.

Does that really mean the age of the white-collar worker or the year of the mechanical heart?

It will be fun to find out the details.

"Eh...Davie! Welcome!"

When Lucia, who climbed up the gap in the melting and cold wall, shouted at me, I nodded silently and jumped lightly using the test tube as a stepping stone.