117 # 117

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 17 of the Five Books

"Teacher! Please send us so we can go find it!"

"Don't be immature! Mr. Boris and Mr. Freedos have already gone to the third floor to find the three apprentices! You guys wait here!"

"But we can't keep waiting here!"

The atmosphere of the apprentices became solemn to Fendir's excessive response.

Lucia Shelman, who had fallen short of it, was Fendir's partner.

He's been working with him the most and he's close, so he'll be most upset.

However, on the contrary, Shio Howl's partner, Trev or Davey's partner, Illina, looked quite calm compared to the beginning.

"You know... Ilyna..."

The twin sisters, who were anxiously looking around, carefully asked Illinois.

"Are you all right?"

"Oh? Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh"

In the eyes of Illinois, where he spoke, Megatron was relentlessly tearing up the looments.

The huge golem, which silently carries out its words to protect all of us here, pushed drills at random toward the beasts that were attacking while staying here and divided them into chains.

a true light warrior

Illina had seen that ignorant golem once.

How can I forget that she, called the genius of the sword, rose to the top of the Expert at the age of 17 and, even though she didn't have Caldiras, she was brutally defeated by her sword.

The problem is that his movements and destructive power have increased.

Compared to teachers who are just masters, it is equally disastrous for apprentices.

Boris and Friedos, among the current apprentices, left to find the three men who fell downstairs.

In the end, Celia was the only one who could stay and take responsibility for the possible situation.

I'm exhausted by the loom-ente that shows up when I can rest.

Originally, he would have gone out immediately, but somehow he could not go out recklessly because the structure of the ruins had changed.

"I hope the floor opens with a rattling sound and the three of you come back safely."

Some echoed the words of the twin sisters muttering in a melancholy voice.

"Yeah, let's not worry too much. The teachers went too, right?"

"There's a poem, too. Even though he's like that, are you sure he's good?"

"David will be there..."

"It's a problem that Golem is here. He's an alchemist and a golemist."

"Ah..."

The brightening atmosphere began to drop again.

They must know.

Even teachers, who are powerful masters, have been down for a long time, but they have not been able to find them.

I heard that dangerous things were going around from the third basement floor, so they thought they might have already been hit.

"Maybe there's no big problem."

Illina, who was watching them, murmured coldly.

"What?"

"Are you all right?"

Illina began to wonder how to say the faces of the trainees with questionable facial expressions.

This creepy genius alchemist named Davey is actually a sodmaster?

He was embarrassed at first, but now he's saying that.

She, who was agonizing over it, tapped on the floor.

Whoo...

It was then.

"What's wrong with the floor... ...heggs off!"

Illina, who was staring blankly at the floor, opened her eyes and shouted at Hegg, and soon he opened his eyes when he saw the floor he was standing on slowly reddening large.

"Wow!"

At the same time, he screamed and stepped down, and soon saw steam rising from the floor and turning red, he looked blue.

"I... What is this?!"

"Guys, back off!"

At the same time, Celia, who found it, prepared Mulden with a nervous face.

I didn't know something would pop out over the floor where it suddenly melts away in a high fever. In the first place, the walls of the stone ruins, which are not cut easily by the oracle blade, can be melted with heat. She wanted to be.

Gosh. Gosh.

Soon, the red-cooked floor slowly melted down and made a large hole, some of them gulped over the turmeric to see if they were nervous.

"Well... don't worry, guys. I'll make sure to protect you."

What is about to pop out?

Contrary to what they thought, it was not the monster but the sound of a light conversation that popped out of the collapsed hole.

of a man who is not a monster

"Lunne, judging that it's not efficient."

"What's wrong with you?"

"David analyzed the data, calculated that it could go up faster, stated child exploitation. This is downplayed by Lünne."

"I heard you're old, and I think you're older."

"Lunne, the emotional circuit is overheating seriously, judging it as a fierce anger."

"Hey!!"

"Adopted a missile drop kick. This is highly appreciated by Lünne!"

A light conversation that I would never have thought was a bloody battle.

At the same time, a man who bounces up the hole as if he was hit by something and a girl of his own who bounces off a fierce drop kick at him.

Everyone there, like a dog chasing a chicken, just stared blankly at those who popped out of the hole.

47. 5000 to 8.

As a result, the exploration of the site itself was resolved without casualties.

In fact, some people were relieved that the apprentices, the future of the Knights, survived because only a few of those who first explored the third floor of the ruins were killed.

And no matter what happens, the analysis should be done after everything.

Naturally, Lucia Shelman, Cio Howl and I were called up to the top of the Knights.

It's not a problem, but... it's not a problem.

I threw a single refusal at the top call.

A rat will hide in the land and exterminate it.'

Really, without going crazy.

Although I'm riding on one of the last Whispees, the Reinforce Alpha, I'm having a little fun.But my original occupation is a territorial lord.

In addition, my position within the Knights Club is intended for roaming night for back support, even as an apprentice.

Naturally, most of the activities are filled by providing various supplies and resources to the Knights under the conditions of continuing to live in the world.

In other words, it was different from anchor night where the bones were buried and moved.

Of course, the conditions of roaming night are limited to the ability to provide such continuous resources.

Since he was in charge of thousands of people, the upper levels of the Knights also gave him permission to see if he could find any excuse.

Originally, I was going to return after finishing her business there in time for her upcoming exam.

The royal family had now been reported of a great death.

And the time will come when the first and last filial piety I have endured so far will come to an end.

If what vampires and milpieu met in the basement of the historical site were true, it was clear that a fearless mosquito baby was aiming for me.

Probably not a lie. In fact, there were vampires who attacked me in the Yellow Rock tribe.

The bad relationship with them has continued since the Duchy of Felicity, but it was also true that there was little information to destroy them.

It is not easy to catch their movements with the information power of Jack, or Ai or Helicana, who is currently in charge of my sources.

In the first place, information is available only when you leave a clue or find something, but there is no such thing, so it is like an alien.

If it were to lean, it might have been lean.

Or have they noticed the vampire's natural enemy on this land?

I don't know, but it wasn't a relief that there was no big attack right now.

"I'd rather have a fly swatter if you'd let the mosquito pop out quickly."

Even though I mumbled irritably, my smile doesn't disappear from my lips.

About a week after returning to the land.

In front of my eyes, five different golems, excluding Lünne, lined up to make me feel extremely intoxicated.

The whole idea is that the only thing I made when I was bored in the corridor was to fit the available situation.

Thanks to its overwhelming output and delicate work of magic, a pretty interesting guy came out.

[Mega Tron], the closest system busker and allounder position, the highest senior of the zero defense Guardian.

Sniper of the destructive malbread responsible for the ultra-long distance of kilometers, unlike other golems.

And a medium-range check golem that shoots fire-resistant Matan and sharp small steel bolts like a mini-gun grating [that's a note.

Mobile strike Golem, [Puma], which can be transformed into a form like a giant cheetah because everything is tailored to intelligence collection or mobility, regardless of basic combat capabilities.

Finally, [tanker], a Golem armored vehicle with the same potential as Megatron but 80 percent combat capability.

Finally, to Elder Brain [Lünne] who controls all these golem.

Lünne is a guy full of unknown secrets that I haven't figured out yet.

In addition, he has an ancient playground that I can't understand even if I check inside by opening up the hatch of his body in a mess, so I can't analyze him recklessly at the moment.

If it's too bad, it's a shame, but it wasn't just that there was no income. At least I've come up with the idea of a technology that squeezes the power supply like muscle fiber.

If we strengthen our ancient technology in this way, we will be able to pull out our radiance and rush to the enemy.

The feeling of the song filled me with laughter.

And if you just supply the necessary supplies, you can take the time to recover yourself.

"Davie..."

"......."

"Davie!!"

"Fight and die, everyone. ...huh?"

"What are you talking about all of a sudden?"

Turning her head to the angry Iliana's cry, which seemed to have been ignored for a long time, she shouted, pointing her finger at the golems.

"They're all the same as Golem who has that crazy saws?"

"It's the initial version, so it doesn't make a big difference, does it?"

These guys also check one by one and have a lot of room for improvement.

"Sigh... you used to partake of that freak drill or whatever it was... and then you're gonna fly all over the place?"

"I intend to make it so."

You thought I couldn't make it, right?

She lost her face when she replied that she would try it right away if she had the ingredients.

There's still a low chance of success.

"The successor's strong looks, which is highly appreciated by Lünne!"

Illina looked at her coolly at Lünne's answer, which was expressionless but could not hide her feelings of joy.