114 # 114

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 14 of the Five Books

46. Vampires and Golem.

There are many things in the world that cannot be explained.

Different but similar concepts of mana or alchemy in any world.

And part of God's power, the unknown power called the will of God, and the equivalent of God's power.

This is the power of Persek's abyss.

And, despite being unable to be perfect, the evolving core of the golem known as the perfect power core.

A life-bearing heart that seeks the extreme end of alchemy.

There are many ways to express it.

The heart of a machine, Deus Axe Makina (God of Mechanical Devices), is a common sense object that cannot exist.

"I've got to get this!"

My voice, with my usual image lost, was more lively, with my eyes wide open and clinging to the test tube.

Hines Land's giant climate control system is absurd, but I understand best that its value is completely different.

The two guys who don't know the two values in front of them are just looking at their surroundings as if they're amazing.

Davey, look here.

Persec, who was circling around without a word, called me to see if he found the dashboard.

The instrument cluster was printing out the state of what was contained inside the test tube like a hologram, and the shape was fixed as if to put your hand on it.

When I put my hand on it without saying anything, Manna, who came out of my hand, began to change the text in the hologram, winding around my body.

Deus Axe Makina.

[Link ready, coordinated.]

The lion of God.

[Lyrics, heart transplant ready.]

"Baek-ik..."

As expected, it is the first race I have heard of course.

"God's lion is a madman, repentance."

When I looked through the list of conditions with a smile, I began to see the purpose of these two examiners.

One is the god of mechanical devices. The heart of a golem with an ego.

And one is an unusual race without a heart.

If this little girl is really a unique species of Baek Ik and a lion of God.

Perhaps the owner of the ultra-high civilization who built the facility had a crazy idea of transplanting the god of mechanical devices into the lion of God.

Davey, here's your research journal.

Then Persec, who was quietly searching around, brought me a small booklet.

In other people's eyes, it may seem like the book is just in the air, but there is no problem because I can see her well.

"I think it's a research journal, but I can't read it because it's different from the dashboard."

It was natural that the language was different and could not be read.

The reality is that there is not enough data to decipher.

"Let's take care of it first."

Even if you don't know what it means, it'll be better than nothing.

Holding a research journal and pulling out a blue one, I drew a test tube containing the god of the machine.

Crying!!!

But the hard glass was too fine as if it had been bitten by a mosquito.

"Look at this?"

I can't even cut it with the blue jeans that I hit with the blade. go overboard with mischief

"What... what are you doing?'"

"I'm taking this with me. But it's kind of hard."

"Oh, my God... glass that can't be cut with an oracle blade..."

The Tionis continent is still somewhat distributed with glass.

Unlike the glass processing method known on Earth, there was definitely a mineral that melted in high heat and then cooled down slowly, turning into glass.

"This, then, can't you take it out?"

I nodded to Lucia's careful question.

"I'm sure it is. Can you step aside for a second?"

I drew a blue dagger just in case I was wary of the power of the defense system, but it didn't seem to be there.

If so, it is simple and hard.

Then the story is rather easy.

Whoo...

Soon after, a thin oracle blade began to flow out over the red sword of Hongdan, which had been spinning from my hand with a red afterimage.

When the light-looking but dense compression or blade was made, I cut the test tube without hesitation.

Screechuck!!

At the same time, the test tube, which was not even scratched by the blade, was cut in half completely and began to pour out the green liquid recklessly.

Still, it is fortunate that he cannot withstand the power of Hongdan.

As the liquid disappeared, I felt a faint beating with my hand, which took out the rich heart from the solution.

He even resonates with the machine.

Others may not know, but at least I didn't know what this meant.

That's not the case with two swords already in my hand.

"In that sense, the sorghum stepped into the realm of God by making a sword.'

All I've done is just finish. In the end, it has been proven that the suit is also a madman.

After taking a heart with a warm scent, the test tube right next to it was also cut off.

Screechuck!!

Once back and forth, the cutter cut the little girl in it cleanly without hurting her at all, and received the girl's body, which popped out with a drop of green liquid.

Even though she was not human, she was a girl who looked very much like a human being, but only had wings.

Without a word, he took the robe out of his pocket and pushed the mechanical heart around her body into his pocket and carried her on his back.

"And... are you going to go out?"

"The one who picks it up is the owner. Why, do you need it?"

"Oh, no! Not like that!"

"I know, I can't give it to you even if you ask."

She smiled dejectedly at my smiling words.

ﬁrrrﬁ...

It was then.

"Good job."

Something creepy and cold caught Lucia's neck approaching me with a calm remark.

"Now hand over both of them."

The voice of a woman who can't feel a single emotion.

Xiao Howl's eyes were sharply opened to the presence of a woman who suddenly appeared.

"I never thought I'd cut the test tube. I was watching you. Correct."

Mumbling calmly, she has been pushing in my fingernails a little more on Lucia's blue neck and demanding calmly.

"If you don't want to let him die, give them to him."

At her words, I slowly put down the little girl on my back.

Then he frowned.

"Do vampires eat and run these days?"

Would it be a good thing if I didn't have Illinois?

Considering her personality, she would have jumped at her as soon as she found out she was a vampire.

She smelled quite dangerous, unlike the vampires she had ever met.

The level of energy felt in the first place is at a different levels. If Illinois immediately attacked, the results were obvious.

"I couldn't get it out. It's a very important research material. So give it to me."

"......."

"The sword is sharp, but it can't kill me, it won't take my life. I keep my word."

The pink-haired woman has been quietly demanding in a way that she can't feel a lie.

* * *

"You punk!"

[Dispell]

Shio Howl, who didn't understand the situation momentarily, quickly came to his senses and began casting ice magic.

However, his magic was completely destroyed by the dispel I had seen before it was completed, and he was literally bleeding.

"Shut up and stay calm."

I looked at her again, calmly retorted.

"I'm Milpy Yoo. And you?

"Davie."

Her eyes began to doubt what I said.

"David, um... ...Davidiolan?"

"Did my name spread to vampires, too?"

"No, it's not that famous. I heard what Faith said."

"Face?"

"The guy who wants to kill you."

It's not easy to talk to.

The other day, Masu and Vampire, who attacked the Yellow Rock tribe in Dwarf village, were somewhat understood if the man named Faith was responsible.

"Why is David here, who's supposed to be guarding his house?"

She tilted her head as if she could not understand it sincerely.

"What are you talking about?"

"Face. He said he was going to burn your house down."

"You're burning it?"

When I reached out one hand, the Hongdan, which was stuck on the floor, trembled and settled as if it were sucked into my hand.

"I don't know what that vampire is."

Pickup pointed me at the end of the sword at her.

"Tell him that if he breaks into someone else's house without fear, he'll be in trouble."

It just came to my mind. There's only one person on the land who will show off his monster-like power, and he's staying there.

From this, the high elf is a vampire's natural enemy from its race characteristics.

Apparently, I had something to do with it, so I ended 300 years of silence.

"I don't care. I need the heart and the white."

She didn't really seem to care about anything but her own business.

"If you refuse?"

"You child. You die."

"Did you clean up all the nearby Golem fragments?"

"It bothers me. I broke it."

Blueened by her calm words, Lucia clenched her teeth.

"Davie! Never mind me! I don't know what it is, but you can't give it to her!"

Screaming violently, she struggled, but Milpieu's strength seemed beyond imagination for her delicate appearance.

"If you hand it over, you really don't kill anyone."

"I said no."

"Well, there's nothing I can do. We can kill them all and take them."

Just as she was about to nail Lucia's neck, speaking calmly speaking.

Ugh!!

A blue afterimage that doesn't know where it flew from boldly cut her nails.

"Uh......."

She, embarrassed by the unexpected attack, frowned nicely.

"You, you're weird."

She faced me with a wary expression, not even thinking of wiping the blood from her hands.

"Wear sword?"

"Yes."

"How? Human beings can't get the blade out if they don't have a transition."

As she said.

Transformation and mastery are the stages of proficiency in dealing with Manna.

In other words, it is impossible to explain in common sense that a person who is good enough to handle the Iegore sword does not change his or her bones.

"This sword... ...you're so weird."

She slowly began to lift up her spirits, frowning at the incomprehensible structure of my body.

While blue with the deep and cold energy that encroached on the surrounding area, Lucia forced herself up and quickly left her seat, apparently realizing that she was interfering with me.

And as soon as you wrap her up, Howl helped you.

But I'll let you go since you're sensible.

"You're interesting."

"I haven't even shown you everything yet."

"Let me study."

After pointing Hong Dan at the endless demands, he reached out his remaining hand and recovered the blue Dan that was stuck in the wall.

Then, with a cold expression, he quietly drew Persec's power toward her.

a squeaking sound

Name: Milpy You

Age: 223

Gender: Women

Type: Half Blood

The title: Alchemist Paracellus (Hoenheim), Marquis Vampire.

Abnormal condition: Fatigue.

Specifics:

Pure half blood.

He has no experience of blood transfusion.

a maiden vampire

Current Psychology:

Curiosity. Curiosity. Curiosity. Curiosity. Curiosity. Curiosity.

Half Blood. Mixed race between humans and vampires.

I feel a little unexpected.

I don't know why the characteristic of a virgin is listed.

The only thing that matters is that she doesn't seem to have a normal mental state.