110 # 110

The Manreb hero is coming back!

five volumes and ten episodes

"So you're not going up to the third floor?"

I think I overheard Alisa's conversation with me, but Illina, who slowed down, asked, hugging Caldiras.

"That's right. Deteriorating the Hwangnyeo, we're going to explore the first and second floors. I heard that the expedition will begin for about three days."

"There must be a lot of dangerous creatures on the third floor?"

"Well... I just heard it."

Looking around, she said quietly to both of us.

"There is no object on the third floor."

"No?"

"Instead... there's really dangerous things waiting."

"Dangerous things..."

Illina's expression of contemplation hardened subtly.

"It's not a creature. There's also a saying, "Golem."

Where on earth did this guy pick up this information?

It was polite to ask questions.

"Where the hell are you getting this information from?"

"The truth is, I have good hearing at night."

She winked cutely at my question and whispered quietly in my ear.

"Cook, was that helpful? I thought you would be interested in things like this because you are a golemist."

"That's right. Thank you."

"Hehe!"

I didn't seem to like Illinois looking at what was so fun, but I didn't really point out that part.

As Alisa Patrick said, there was nothing but a basic new horse.

However, it was also true that even if it was a new model, it would not be difficult for apprentices to make a pair and deal with it carefully.

"Follow my will and present by my will! It's Undee!

"Oh, my God!"

With the cry of Shire Lenda, Hague with a giant bottle dug in like a dump truck and tore up the bizarre-looking beasts without hesitation.

The name of the object is Giant Stump.

It looked like a huge wooden base, with large eyes hanging in the middle and things that were not known whether it was branches or tentacles.

"There are three more Stumps in front of us! Don't relax!"

First of all, the beasts named stompers and stubs are strong but slow, so they don't look very threatening.

However, unlike what it looks like, their power is threatening enough to relax.

On the third floor, there are people who are believed to be Maddo Golem, and on the lower floor.

I wondered if the Pandora's territory, called permafrost, was the climate fixed at will like the Hines.

"Davie."

I'm so sorry!

Qaddddddddddddeuk!!

Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

Or is there something valuable stored there?

Keying!!

Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!

"Davie!"

Watching the Stumpers without a word, I was lost in thought, and I opened my eyes wide at the call of others who called me in a hurry and turned my eyes away.

"Hmm?"

"You..."

Let's then turn to see what's going on.

Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!

I began to see Megatron, which was crushing the Stumpers horribly.

If another pair is bringing in one and fighting carefully, Megatron is dragging four or five of them without my orders to make a very poor porridge.

You can take a Stump that's trying to run away with a weird scream, tear the tentacles, and split the head off into an electric saw!

Drills into the eyes to make skewers, and then swirls at the other stubs!

There is no way to know who is a vicious monster.

"Davie's golem is really..."

"You're too strong... ...and we have to be careful with one."

"Are golemies always that strong?"

I shook my head firmly when asked a question that seemed absurd.

I certainly don't think there will be golems on this continent that produce a megatron-like output.

It's actually true.

"Hmm! Davey apprentice. It's good to be motivated, but shouldn't we work together?"

I had to control my strength in moderation, but I was interested in the ruins, so I didn't see Megatron running wild.

Thanks to that, Illina has lost her job and is just staring blankly.

"Oh... I'm sorry. After thinking about something else. May I take a break?"

"Hmm! Yeah, do it."

As soon as I left the battlefield, the overwhelming one-sided battle began to balance little by little.

Davey.

"Well."

Honestly, you don't want to break the current situation, do you?

I didn't deny her question.

It can't really be a school life, but it must have been new to experience it similarly. So I purposely set the standard and gave him a lot of help him out.

"Honestly,"

Although it is said that the life of the Knights of the Knights is not sure when the danger will come, this small and small peace was honestly quite shocking to me.

It was fresh because I had never experienced it, and I wanted to enjoy it for a little longer.

Just keep that in mind, Davey. A great power is a responsibility. At least don't do anything you'll regret.

"You don't have to worry so much."

This is called a fool.

I don't need to reveal it, but you've always said it's stupid to show off your power.

'That's true, too.'

However, if some kind of threat were to target them...

"I'm going to make sure that doesn't"

Horizontally, once upward.

If I could go diagonally through the sword back to the alchemy.

I will lift the sword without hesitation.

If you don't regret it, that's it.

With the incomplete Golem megatron, more risk factors are encountered and the limit is reached. When that happens, you have no choice but to take out what you were hiding.

At least as long as their eyes see me as something I don't know.

I don't want to play until the stupid moment.

They wouldn't have intended it.

It has been a great favor to me just to be so busy and happy.

"......."

It was then.

While watching the battlefield without a word, my eyes turned to somewhere in the dark historical site.

Davey?

"It's just the feeling."

My eyes were glued for a long time beyond the empty hallway.

* * *

Bam... Bam... Bam...

the lowest floor of the still remains

The sound of someone's footsteps came quietly.

"Face,"

"Oh, I was wondering where you were, and you were here?"

People around me were silent when asked by a calm and relaxed man.

The man's identity was none other than the vampire, and recently the second prince of the Loun Kingdom, Kalus.

"I heard you recently found Yu-hui Street."

"Joyu Street?" Oh, that kid's a human being."

"I heard you beat Shari."

"How can you compare yourself to a girl who doesn't have anything like that?"

He smiled furiously after a leisurely answer.

"Well, I guess I'm in the middle of my own land and running a business. I'm waiting right now."

"What are you going to do?"

"Well, isn't it thrilling to think about what it would be like if all the hard-working things went on fire overnight?"

"That's a bad hobby."

The woman who mumbled calmly looked at him.

At first glance, I kept opening the face of Faith, who had an impression of cold, but at first glance had an infinite relaxed impression.

"Why do you keep staring at me?"

"It's nothing. However, you don't know what's going to happen if you're so relieved."

"He's just a human being. I think you have some talent. That's human."

"I heard your man who planted immortal powers died."

"That little replica. It's a feeble power that goes away if you kill it a few times."

Shrugging his shoulders, he murmured interestingly.

"It's quite surprising, to be honest, that he even forced them to be honest."

The chill was young at his relaxed gaze.

"It doesn't mean anything to me as a true immortal, does it? It won't be fun if the toy collapses too quickly. I'm just waiting for you."

"It's just a difference in the number of times, and we're the same when our power is destroyed by continuous death."

Despite the woman's tongue-tied criticism, Faith' face was full of composure.

"By the way, why don't you come all the way to this cold place? Do you know what kind of monster this guy is?"

"Did you say Shandra? You look sensitive because someone's picking you up, but there's no problem here."

Pace was silent in her calm reply.

"I have to take out what's locked here, so just go away."

"Are these the treasures hidden at the bottom of the site?"

"First of all, I'll have to get the details out and open them up, but I can't do it on my own."

What Faith and the woman saw in front of her was hundreds of test tubes that glowed with light green light.

And it was the only two inside of the test tubes.

One contained a small mechanical heart.

"What is this? Did you make it?"

"Deus Axe Makina (God of Mechanical Devices)"

"What's that?"

"The self created. It's the heart of the golem that grows on its own. If there is a wise man's stone in homunculus, Golem has this."

It is a self-made life that is different from Ego, where the soul permeates.

"Hmm."

The woman nodded to face's question.

"If you put it in a mud golem with nothing, you'll grow beyond your limits."

She looked at the heart of the machine as if she was interested in her words.

"The other one is..."

"I don't know, I can't open my eyes."

Next to the machine heart was a little girl.

However, unlike humans, the white wings were hiding behind the girl's back, revealing their presence.

"Didn't you already search?"

"Even so, the body of the new race is worth studying."

"Whatever you want. As you said, I'm going to have some fun now. The stupid prince, who signed the contract, was chirping about when he would take care of it."

"The man. Are you going to kill him?"

I`m going to take care of you as soon as I get back."

The woman, who was watching her disappearance into the air, sighed quietly with a face that could not feel a single emotion, and turned to a test tube surrounded by feeble light again.

"Wait a minute, and the ruins will move."

She was surrounded by pieces of dark blue stone that seemed to have been crushed.