129 # 129

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the second installment of the six volumes

After leaving the reception room after private talks with the emperor, I was walking out of the hall of the magnificent and splendid palace.

Emperor Derart readily agreed to my proposal.

It was a proposal that could easily turn into an international problem, but he has shown his willingness to accept it without hesitation.

That was enough.

"Davie, I think you want to continue your research."

"Study?"

"On stimulating Lünne's sense of smell and taste..."

"I'll let you eat as much as I want when I go outside."

"Lune, David's pocketbook is highly appreciated."

His face is expressionless, but his voice tension is slightly high to see if he feels good.

"But I just have to check first."

"Lünne, please elaborate."

I squinted at her words and closed my mouth.

What a coincidence.

It was an unexpected meeting.

He was just pickpocketed without any purpose, so all he went after was to show his life to the organization related to the pickpocket.

But what is the probability that the person who rescued him from the place is related to me?

What is the probability of meeting a boy who is believed to have come from Earth, a whole different world?

Daphne, a saint, does not praise God, but she used to believe one thing with certainty.

There is no causeless consequence in the world, and there is no such thing as coincidence.

It's funny again, but if he really had something to do with you, it would never be a light thing, so we needed to find out.

It was then.

"Huh!"

I snatched up Lünne, who was following me with a sparkling look, and I pulled Manna up.

[Invisibility]

5 Circle Visible Magic.

As soon as my body, which attracted Lünne as if it were scattered, disappeared, I saw a girl running hurriedly over the hall.

It can only be a little burdensome to run into. Since he had done enough cringe-worthy things, it was not possible to get more involved.

especially

A woman of such a good disposition would feel guilty.

I silently intended the girl to pass me by, making a gesture of silence to Lünne, who looked at me with a curious look.

The girl's identity was none other than Arya Alindis.

He has the unique physical ability of the Suin people, but he is gasping for breath, which is enough to show how quickly he ran.

"Sigh... Sigh..."

Running in the direction of the reception room in a hurry, she looked around with an urgent look and stopped exactly near me.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh"

Crazy.

I know the smell of the Sioux is good, but...

Suin people's sense of smell is much better than humans, but they don't have a strong sense of smell like dogs and cats.

The Invisibility Magic could not hide my body's scent to the extent that it.

Covering her mouth and nose with her hands, she turned around crying and pulled herself reflexively away from her.

"Ha... ha... ha... hah... hah... hah... hu... hu... hwang-nyuh! You can't run like this in the palace!"

"Erenda... she's here... she's here."

"You said he had already returned home."

"No... how did you meet him? I can't let you go without saying hello like this!"

She was crying and crying.

It wasn't until she got up Manna in an instant and hid her body completely before she stopped to see if she had she given up looking for me.

"Do... ...go back. It's time for you to take your medicine."

"I'm going to see my father. I'll ask my father to meet him again."

She seemed to have solidified her mind, but she was a woman who rushed after Aria running toward the reception room.

"Whoa..."

"Lunne, why don't you meet her?"

"I feel like, sometimes, my gut hits the alarm."

"David's personality is judged to be bad."

There is something I want to check right away."

Then he held Lünne and hit the floor.

Although Lünne is a small and small girl, she weighs more than 200 kilograms.

However, as my strength is not low enough to stop at that point, there was no big problem with my speed of movement.

* * *

"Are you still there?"

"Yes, you just woke up. When you first woke up, you showed excessive seizures, but after Level 5 put you to sleep with a sleep magic."

I opened the door tightly shut without hesitation at the words of the maid in charge of the accommodation.

Then in the dark room, I saw a boy groaning in bed.

"Ah...oh, Mom... Mom..."

Maybe he met his family in his dream.

When I shook his shoulder roughly after lighting up the high-end mana stone lamp, his eyes trembled and slowly opened.

"Where are we... hahaha!"

Soon the boy sprang up with his eyes wide open.

It's the same for me to be surprised. I didn't think you'd be awake since I brought you here.

"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

Understand!!

I grabbed him by the collar of the screaming man.

When I have seizures, I have to calm down again or take other measures, but it was safe to say that there is no real reason for me to take care of his situation.

"Get a hold of yourself, man.

When he grabbed his collar and let go of his short life, his eyes opened wide and began to breathe in deeply.

"Okay. Everyone else is resting. Let's be quiet."

As he said, he lightly stirred his hand, and the blue mana began to spread everywhere on the tip of his finger.

[Silence]

It's a basic sound-blocking magic, but this boy looked up at me with his eyes wide open as if he didn't even know what I was doing.

"I've got a sound-blocking spell around me. I can't hear the conversation between you and me from the other side anymore."

He spoke calmly and let go of his collar, then dragged a nearby chair and sat down like an interrogatively, he sat down.

"Okay, first of all, I've saved you, so I think you have the right to ask, but is there a problem?"

The age difference between him and me doesn't seem to be that big, but the difference between a person who is about 160cm tall and a person who is over 180cm was big.

"Oh... no... ..."

"Yes, you must have been a little surprised. What's your name?

"A... Kang Moo-hyuk."

"Age."

"Huh... 15."

He looks at me with anxious eyes and answers with a low look.

"Yes, Kang Moo-hyuk. Let's have an in-depth conversation."

"Excuse me..."

"What is it?"

Are you Korean?"

His eyes were half full of questions.

That's because even if I look at my outward appearance, it's a little different from Koreans.

The Central and Eastern continents basically have many cases in which people resemble a mixture of Western and Eastern peoples.

In other words, I could say that I was also moderately Western and Oriental.

So you wouldn't think that I'm a normal Korean just by looking at it.

The problem was that the language that came out of my mouth was the first Korean he heard here.

"No, it's from here. And you?

"I'm... from Korea..."

After hearing it in person, I felt even more bewildered.

Is it a case where a dead person like me has only moved his soul and reincarnated?

That's not going to happen.

At least he looks like an Asian.

Then there was only one thing I could think of.

It's like a shift in dimension.'

It's ridiculous, theoretically, it's impossible for a creature to cross the world with its body intact. No, the idea of a life crossing the world is not possible in the first place.

The reason why he/she is anxious while saying so is probably because the country has a unique case.

There are many unknown things in the world.

That's why I couldn't make up my mind.

What's important to me now is. It was not how he came here, but why he came here.

There are no consequences without cause in the world.

Furthermore, if you had experienced some ridiculous phenomenon such as dimension shift, you needed to scrap all the general assumptions.

God's will...

Generally known as a god, it is not known whether it exists or not.

There was only one thing. The power of God's will, which is far higher than the power of God's will.

And it's only the power to do something ridiculous like a shift in dimension.

In other words, there must be a reason why he came here.

Coincidence? No way.

The ridiculous situation in which a normal Korean is transferred to another level is also funny, but it is me who met like a coincidence in the meantime.

Can this be a coincidence?

In my case...

I'll bet my entire fortune and all my hands on impossibility.

Something enormous flow that cannot be resisted by the will of life.

In the denomination, people often see such things and express them in a word.

[Fate] in a beggarly term.

"Well... me! You can let me go back home, right?" Well... I was just going home, and suddenly I got sleepy, so... I mean... I mean, I mean, I mean, this is... this is... this is... this is... this is... this is... this is...

The gibberish man jumped up blue.

However, he fell down again as if his legs were twisted.

"Please... Please send me back! Brother! Yes? Please! I don't need all of this! You don't need all this stuff like movies or novels! Please let me go!"

The expression of the man holding my pants and shouting almost half a fit was desperation itself.

Perhaps he fell into this world and kept wandering alone.

I don't know what he was doing, but the clothes he was wearing were ordinary school uniforms.

That means he was dragged from school.

"Yes? Brother! Please!"

He screamed almost as if he was expecting a positive answer from my mouth.

"My mom... she's worried about me! Please help me... ..wool!!"

It was then.

He covered his mouth with a blue face and began to gag in vainly.

Reflecting this, he raised his hand on his back and raised his divine power.

However, even before the divine power was reached, his body collapsed and soon became unconscious.

"What is this..."

Persek's eyes began to frown slightly on the absurd situation.

I think we should see each other again next time.

I was silent without saying anything at the absurd sight of the man who had a fit and fainted.