121 # 121

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 21 of the Five Books

"Lune Question."

"What is it?"

"Davie, we're analyzing that we haven't found the enemy's handout yet."

"That's right."

The vampire wasn't dead, he ran away.

"Then we need to discuss countermeasures."

"Oh, that, I've got an idea."

"Lune, I don't understand. Ask for a detailed explanation."

"Come in."

Ignoring Lünne's words, the door opened as if it had been waiting for me to speak to the door and a girl in a maid's uniform slowly came in.

She was a maid in plain clothes.

"I'll get you a car, sir."

It was a nervous tone, but it reflects the subtle relaxed inner feelings.

"I've always felt that the scent is very unique and nice, but is this black tea made by itself?"

"Yes? Ah... yes!"

I nodded at the appearance of a maid who looked subtly happy.

"Thanks, 'cause I feel like my head's clearing up, huh?"

"Yoo, this is Yuri."

"Yuri... well, whatever the circumstances, as long as you're on this land, Hines Young Jimin will not change.""

Talking calmly and standing up, I smiled at her.

"Well, I'll take good care of Youngji while I'm away."

"Huh? I'm... just a maid..."

"All you have to do is do what you can."

"That's... ..."

"I'm just saying it out of course. I think you came here because you wanted something."

Yu-ri, who was hesitating with a perplexed look on her face at my words, soon looked down.

"By the way, can I ask you what this is made of? It tastes very unique and nice."

"Oh, really? It's my own work. Deteriorated, crickets made from wing shells..."

"Poo-Hoo-Hoo-Hoo-Hoo!

It was a long time later that she realized that she was making a very unique attempt at a car.

* * *

The three major empires are countries that are very active in moving through Mana Gate.

There is a huge mana gate in most of the territory, and talented wizards manage access to the mana gate.

As a result, it didn't take long to leave the Hines estate and reach the capital of the Lindis Empire.

Normally, the use of Mana gates in the capital city would be strict, but it was also true that it was impossible to avoid the feeling of being quite generous because the period was a period.

"Oh..."

It's a beautiful city.

As soon as he came out of the building surrounding Mana Gate, Persec was impressed by the sight of the Imperial capital and loved it like a child.

A large, beautiful palace located in the center of the capital, and a neat white paved floor and lively street.

It was not called one of the Three Kingdoms, which is called the best country to live in.

It's a boring landscape, but it's stable.

I liked that part the most.

He asked me to go around as much as possible to show him many things, and even though it was a common sight for me, she seemed to have many new elements.

I see, the northern countries of the East have developed to this point.

"You've never seen him before?"

Caldiras, who had her daughter, rarely went out of the Palan Empire.

"Do you look good, too?"

Suddenly, when I turned my head and asked Lünne, who followed me, his grave eyes were on me.

"Lünne, judging that everything is new."

Indeed, most of the Hines are villages for those who don't remember before the maneuver.

"Lune, in that sense, demands a new interpretation of information."

"Hmm?"

He points his finger to one side.

"Lunne, analyze that the emotional circuit is fast-paced by a strange smell that stimulates the sense of smell. This is a fatal flaw in the future of combat in the future..."

"If you want to eat it, just say you want to eat it'"

Unlike Persec, which basically doesn't eat food, he's a golem, but he even has the ability to eat food and replace it with bioenergy.

When I opened the outer skin that surrounds his body, I thought there were things similar to digestive organs.

Some of the inside, except for parts of the body or surfaces replaced by machines, were not very strange, as they were like ordinary life forms.

"Welcome! Going out with your brother?"

A man who was selling ordinary street food at a street stall asked with a curious smile.

"Correcting demands, Lünne, and Davy's possessions."

"Oh... well... you were a slave."

Lünne's words changed the way the street vendor looked at me.

Come to think of it, I heard that the Lindis Empire is a country that has a strong antipathy to slavery.

"Well... brother, I guess you're from another country, but if you're a slave, you'd better not call me a slave. Especially in this country."

Argh!

"That's my brother. Don't get me wrong, he's a little weird because of his personality."

As soon as Lünne's forehead was lightly flicked and said as if he was shedding tears, the watchful face of the owner of the stall disappeared again.

"Oh, I see! I'm sorry, but living in the Empire often antagonizes the people who carry slaves."

"Did you hear that? Don't make misleading remarks."

"Lune, I don't understand. The strong man... ..uhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

"Don't talk nonsense."

His grave expression frown subtly as he closed his mouth and cautioned him.

"Accepted, unconvincing, but understood."

It was beyond his understanding, but he seemed to be convinced by forcefully.

"Lune question, David is royal, but why use honorifics to them?"

"Usually, aristocrats wear costumes or insignia that reveal their rank or take their attendants with them. And when you buy something at a street vendor, you don't buy it yourself."

"Lune, I don't understand why you don't do it yourself when you have hands. I don't think it's possible to take proper action in an urgent situation."

"If you live such a practical life, why would you come out of class?"

While tilting his head, he snooped his head several times, wondering if the new common sense I was teaching him was just amazing.

"Warning, component analysis, supposed to be chicken. judged highly stimulating to taste Take one more and ask for information analysis."

"Come on, you eat this, too."

I couldn't help but laugh at his brazen attitude of asking for my own.

I feel like I'm giving my younger brother a tour of the world, who still doesn't know the world and lacks common sense.

Speaking of which, will Hongdan show us the capital of Qingdando Island and the Imperial City?"

Then he took out two swords so that others could not be seen, and they all turned into human types, giggled and hugged me.

"Hongdan, will you have fun with your dad today?""

"Hahaha!"

"Hongani, you're the last one! Can we play?"

"Don't just make an accident."

It's comfortable to express emotions simply like babies who can't communicate properly.

The Empire's imperial party takes place two days later, but it was already crowded with aristocrats entering the capital.

Perhaps because of that, the vitality of the capital was thicker than usual, and the spectacular view seemed considerable, making it clear that the budget department of the palace was very determined and established.

What matters to me anyway is not the imperial party but the auction attended by party participants.

Considering that the banquet will start two days later and the auction will be held on the second day, it will actually be time to stay until then.

Holding Hong Dan in his arms and holding Cheongdan in his arms, I held his hand tightly so that Lünne wouldn't fall.

"Well, let's go back to the hotel for dinner and have a good time going around."

In what I said, the two children were happy, laughing and happy, and Lünne ate up what I gave them a while ago and pulled my hand by sucking her finger.

"Lunne, demand a more detailed taste analysis of what is analyzed as chicken."

"Okay, I'll buy you more."

I began to suspect that among these three, Lünne was a huge eater.

Laughing without any reason is flowing out of nowhere. Of course, they are cute enough to look at their appearance, so it is natural for them to attract attention.

However, it didn't take long to know that the gaze was not just good people, but that it was considered a prey that was quite easy for passers-by to be aimed at.

* * *

Took!

"Oops!"

As it is a crowded place, it is naturally bound to be crowded with many people.

Using both hands, I accidentally bumped into a small boy and fell over him.

"I'm...I'm sorry.

The boy who fell to the floor was a little boy with a dirty backbone.

When he looked up at me with half empty eyes and gestured, saying, "It's okay for him to apologize," his eyes immediately turned to Hong Dan and Chung Dan in his arms, who were riding on his shoulders.

I think it was just a short time.

The man, who was watching without a word, soon bowed his head and disappeared as if he were hiding among the crowd.

"Lune question. I don't understand why you didn't catch it."

"Hmm?"

"David's belongings are being analyzed. After scanning their shape or size, they are judged to be gold coins."

"Leave it alone."

I smiled and glanced at the little boy who disappeared into the crowd.

"I don't think you're a philanthropist."

"That's why I told you to leave it."

"Um... I don't understand."

"You think you should catch a pickpocket on the spot, don't you?"

"Lune, very positive. David, I highly appreciate your ability to read others' minds."

They're hard-to-get, so they know how to pickpockets, but they do?

That's impossible

"People are responsible for what they have done. Whether it's adults or children."

A smattering of laughter comes from the mouth of the temple.

If you touched me, you should be ready to get rid of my roots.

Stopping what I was doing, I turned around and walked very slowly towards the direction where the boy had disappeared.