128 # 128

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the first installment of the six volumes

51. Strangers and Lives

Most people didn't notice Davy's behavior.

The music that ended quietly will continue endlessly.

Usually, aristocratic women and royal women learn elegant music based on their basic skills.

Some kinds of instruments, such as piano, harp, or violin.

Iilina has certainly learned to play the piano.

I didn't dig deep because I didn't have a taste for elegance by birth.

"Ah..."

Was it from the first syllable?

Winnie, who was beside her, couldn't take her eyes off Davey as if she were possessed.

And it was the same for Illinois and her, too.

Sunyoul... she's so beautiful.'

And, it's mysterious.

I had a surprising feeling that piano music was like this.

It was definitely the first time I heard it, but despite the unfamiliar melody, the people inside the banquet hall naturally seemed half-losted by the music.

Looking at him with his eyes closed, as if he were assimilating himself and knocking on the keyboard with his hands, Illina also forgot that she was staring blankly.

Every time Davy's hand moved, his fingers began to beat as if they were listening to music.

As she tapped on the glass of wine in her hand, she could understand everything about the girl with a blue-green hair that soon appeared to fit the music.

It was because the flow of light mana flocked to the girl's side every time the keyboard was pressed, what kind of magic Davey performed, playing music at a faster tempo.

"As if Manna is responding to the music.'

I've never heard of this before.

Music entertains the listener's ears or stabilizes the mind and body.

And it also has a great effect on boosting morale in the battlefield.

But that's just a psychological component.

It was my first time seeing Manna vibrate with the music and produce something.

Davy, who is rubbing his eyes when people in the music industry see him and doing what he can't believe even when he sees him again, was a calm face itself.

a man of genius

It may not be just a feeling that talent and effort can be seen in many unthinkable systems, not just one.

How much effort has he made to make this happen?

He once said to himself that she was better than just one line of talent.

He feels that his talent is a slow talent, but how hard did he try with a talent that was no better than this?

Illinois did not dare to conclude on that point.

The stylized mana was shining like an aurora, surrounding the girl, shining more splendidly and beautifully, and perfectly fixing her from the eyes of the people.

Most of the people in the hall stared blankly at the girl, forgetting that he had such underwork.

Arya alindis.

the youngest daughter of the Lindis Empire

As the only member of the royal family, she revealed her dazzling and beautiful pumpkin-colored eyes without hiding her unique ears, the foxes that sprang up above her head.

The youngest woman, who had been rumored to have hid herself under rumors of being hideous, was no longer a hideous figure.

On the contrary, it was comparable to the women who were called the "five beauties" in terms of their appearance.

In such a situation, Davy's plot makes her mysterious, even a cluster of lights made of mana.

Just looking at the young aristocrats who looked at her in rapture and the ladies who looked surprised without covering their mouths, I could see how big the aftermath was.

Throwing off her rugged dress and mask that covered her whole body, she did not hide her charm at all, as if she were throwing up all the anger she had accumulated so far.

Slowly moving in with her gaze, she soon walked cautiously toward the emperor, Deord Alindis, who was silently watching her.

Lindis's emperor, who had an atmosphere where it was not easy to approach because of his cold and solemn expression, felt as if his expression had been subtly loosened for the first time with the appearance of the Aryan empress.

"That's a lot."

"Your Grace..."

"In the meantime, it's been a lot of trouble."

a low but gentle voice

Everyone seems surprised at his uncharacteristic personality, which is called the incarnation of Ssangdu-ryong.

At the word, Aria's shoulders trembled slightly, and she closed her mouth with both hands and bowed her head.

And the emperor hugged her silently and patted her on the back.

The calm and trembling music slowly ended.

Slowly approaching Davy, who was looking at the reunions of two women without a word, Illina looked at him standing up slowly.

"How was it?"

"...that's great."

"Let's get out."

As if there was nothing more to look at, Davy passed her and turned away without regret.

"You want me to leave you alone? I'm gonna find you."

"That's a lot of crap. All I have to do is take the red door."

Illina couldn't take a blank look for a long time, looking at his back smiling and passing by.

"I envy you..."

It was unknown who it was directed at and what it said about.

And, just for a second. An envious feeling that he did not even know flowed out of his mouth.

* * *

A private meeting with the Emperor of Lindis, Deord Alindis.

Usually, those who stand before them are divided into two cases.

A case where he is overwhelmed by his overwhelming atmosphere and cannot even make eye contact.

And the other is to be careful and careful not to miss another chance.

There is no disagreement about the outcome. Jim believed in you, and you kept your promise with him well."

I smiled and bowed my head at his calm remarks.

"The Red Gate you asked for was small, but it was definitely an auction item. However, Jim has no intention of handing over the job with such cheap compensation."

"That's enough for now."

The jewel is extremely rare and beautiful that some say it is not available among the noble ladies.

Considering that one red door with just a knuckle is equivalent to the price of a mansion, the red door I received has a large value of dozens of mansions.

But it's not cheap.

The Imperial Emperor's barrel is filled with admiration.

They must be called one of the strongest powers for no reason.

"What about this?"

"It's a separate prescription. Please let me take it once a week, or at least a month if you can't. It was proliferating enough to have the potential to recur."

"I'll leave it up to the Imperial physician."

I looked calm at his answer.

"Can you believe me?"

"What does that mean?"

"I'm sure she's very annoying to the conservatives in this country."

before the emperor of a country

He smiled and smiled at me, raising the disgrace of the country to his face.

"You dare say Jim is alive with his eyes open and they're after Arya?"

"If I were a conservative, I would have done it."

Your Majesty, you haven't collected all the information about the conservatives yet, have you?

His expression cooled down at the following words. I had no hesitation in the snowball fight that seemed to be on the point of being stabbed.

"The best way to assassinate the Hwangs is to poison them. And this situation in which Aria, the Empress, has yet to establish herself, will be the biggest opportunity and the last chance."

After watching me for a long time what I was thinking about my warning, he soon turned his mouth up and laughed.

"Kkhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh"

Then he began to laugh about what was so fun.

"You're not even 20 years old, you're a blue chick. You're so fearless."

"Is that so?"

"I like it! Okay, I'll make sure Jim takes care of that."

In fact, the Lindis Empire's conflict of influence is not something I'm interested in.

"Red Moon will pay for your treatment of Arya. But!"

"......."

You have not yet received the return of your luggage."

Then he handed me a ring that had been stuck in my finger.

It is one of the rings that symbolizes the authority of Jim. To receive."

"Is this what I think it means to you?""

"It's not wrong. You showed Arya the light again. It gave him a great favor. Also! You allowed Jim to see his daughter's face again."

Then he gets up from his seat.

"Who do you think Jim is? The Darylindis Empire never neglects those who are indebted!"

His devoted love for his daughter was almost felt.

"Prince David."

"Tell me."

"Would you like to be a member of the Lindis Imperial family?"

"I refuse."

There was no hesitation in the answer.

When he immediately refused, he laughed without hiding his laughter.

"I don't know if it's a big wall."

"It's not like I'm threatened with life."

"Okay, if you think so, I won't ask for any more luggage. But being rewarded is definitely a different story! Even if you refuse, I promise you that Jim will give you the right price."

He exclaimed proudly.

"As of now, the Darylindis Empire will be an ally of the First Prince of the Loun Kingdom, David O'Lounn, as promised! Unless what you are trying to do is in violation of the security of the Lindis Empire, I will not reject your request for help only three times!"

It is too much for treating only one royal family member.

Although he thought his love for his youngest daughter was great, this is a great level.

not a state-to-state commitment

an individual-state commitment

It wasn't that I didn't know what it meant.

"Also! With the exception of three help, the Lindis Empire will be your friend, Prince Davy, not the Lounge Kingdom."

I didn't mean to, but it wasn't bad for me if he came this far.

It had been there because it didn't take a while.

"Then I'd like to ask you a favor right away."

"Good for you!"

My mouth slowly dropped at his confident and solemn cry.

See you in the long run. You have to think wide.

His opponent is the emperor of one of the three empires, called the strongest nation on the continent.

I opened my mouth quietly after finishing organizing my mind briefly.