127 # 127

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 27 of the Five Books

"A depth that can never be seen by more than Swordmaster... ...a deep and heavy place where if you try to figure it out, you'll never get out of it again.'

In the past, he had only had this experience once.

When I first grabbed the sword and started to feel Manna.

It feels exactly the same as when I saw the Empire's best sodmaster who taught him a sword, who was highly sensitive to mana.

Now you can't feel the same way about seeing the sodmaster again.

On the contrary, unlike the past, he has reached a point high enough to surpass a sodmaster.

Then he.

When you first felt Manna holding the sword, you felt something in the depth of infinity that you felt to your sword teacher?

The meaning of the word was simple.

The young boy who is not even 20 years old.

This means that he is at an unparalleled level, called one of the best sodmasters on the continent.

If that is true, it is highly likely that he caused the huge light that burst at the banquet hall the day before.

The reason itself was simple. It's to prevent Aria from getting into trouble.

Isn't it quite satisfactory?

"Maybe we need to watch a little bit."

I thought maybe I could really get treatment.

* * *

the desire for sleep that came within reach of him

Aria, who was asleep without even dreaming, slowly woke up to the warm sunlight and the sound of birds coming through the bandage.

How long has it been?

She remembered one thing over and over again even at the moment she fell asleep.

It was someone's story.

I don't know whose story it was, but it was about a person who seemed subtly mellow and subtly amused.

I'm dreaming, and I don't know why the memory is vivid.

When she heard the voice and story, she felt very comfortable and enjoyed the dream.

"Uh......."

Without hiding her refreshing feelings, she slowly pulled up her upper body.

Something has changed.

She soon lightly touched the bandage covering her eyes with her hands, as if something that had weighed on her body for a long time had disappeared.

"It's..."

"Oh! The Emperor's down! You're awake!"

It was not long before one of the maidens came in and shouted in surprise, and Aria reflexively covered her face with her hands stuttering the bandage.

"Huh?"

She knew best that she had a face she didn't want to be seen by such a good character.

Therefore, she covered her face reflexively, but she was bitter that she could already see everyone.

"Go...go!"

"It's all right, Hwangnyuh-ha!"

"Eren... Everything?"

"Yes, it's me! It's Erenda. She's a dork!

"I... how long have you been lying down?"

When she quietly asked in a slightly divided voice, a girl named Erenda answered quietly in a tearful voice.

"Two days... you've had a good night's sleep."

"Two days?"

For two days she was asleep. This means that he had been asleep without eating or drinking.

But why is it so refreshing?

I don't feel like a body that hasn't been nourished at all, so she would rather have kept this feeling even for a moment.

"Can you get up?"

"Yeah... I'm light."

"hehe... I think the prince is really great."

"Prince?"

Erenda's words made Ariya's head twinkled.

"Yes, the one who treated her by her side. It's Prince Davy. Prince David Olloun, the first prince of the Loun Kingdom."

"Davie... All... Loun..."

With the name on her face, she slowly put down her covered hands and opened her mouth quietly.

"I see... his name was Davy..."

I couldn't forget. A man who prevented her from committing suicide because she was pessimistic about her poor situation, and a warm person who could smell the delicate scent of Sansuyu.

The person who is left at a glance and strong is the person who developed a cure for his disease.

She also saved her from a difficult situation twice.

How could such a coincidence exist?

"Erenda, will you lift yourself up?"

"Your dynastic degradation."

With the help of Erenda, who smiled and helped her, she turned her head as if she knew her surroundings.

"I really... didn't know you were so beautiful."

"Beautiful... is that so? Do I?"

It's beautiful.

There will be no word as distant and awkward as the words to her, who has been suffering from a terrible disease for years.

Her appearance was hideous and not strange enough to be called a monster.

"Of course! Even the five most beautiful women on the continent won't be able to do it to her! I'm telling you, I was so carried away when I changed the bandage."

Aria smiled bitterly at the way she responded with a cheerful voice.

Yeah, because she's a very nice girl.

To be honest, even if it's beautiful.

She couldn't imagine herself.

"In fact, Prince Davey left the letter."

"Letter?"

"Yes, the prince told me to hand it over to you when you wake up."

Arya drew a reflective line around her mouth as she screeched about what was so good.

"I see..."

A man with red eyes who stopped her from committing suicide out of pessimism about his miserable situation.

And someone who comforted himself and told me that he was okay, but smelled the mild scent of Sansuyu.

Finally, someone who kept talking to her as if she was reading a fairy tale.

I wanted to believe a little and hope.

"Erenda... this bandage... can you untie it?"

"Yes! You said you could untie it when you wake up, so I'll untie it for you."

"I'm nervous..."

"It's okay! You're so beautiful!"

A bitter feeling arose. Was it treated properly? Maybe he's just listening to it right away even though it hasn't been cured.

An inch of uneasiness was young.

"If you look in the mirror, you'll be surprised. Hehe!"

Unlike Erenda, who seemed to be in a good mood, Arya was reflexively shaking and unable to shake off her anxiety.

With a careful touch, the bandage covering her eyes began to unravel little by little.

Then, the thick bandage slowly loosened and slowly closed her eyes opened very slowly and carefully.

What if it's still ugly, what if nothing has changed? Is it really right that he treated the disease?

Is it because of such constant worries?

The speed at which she opened her eyes was very slow.

Aria, who had been frowning as light came in beyond her long-lost vision, was able to slowly check her appearance in the mirror.

And

"Ah..."

Reflectively, I dropped the bandage I was holding in my hand.

"Letter. Shall I read it to you?"

Erenda, who had a suspicious look at Aria without a word, held a small note in her hand without a word and told her the story.

I have a present for you. Please make sure to attend tonight's banquet.

Tears began to drip from her transparent clear eyes with a short message reminiscent of his smile.

"Huhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Unlike the tears that look really sad.

There was a helpless smile around her mouth.

* * *

"Orabani, do you have a good feeling?"

When asked by Winley, who was smiling, I looked silent and smiling silently.

"What have you been doing? Aren't you here because of yesterday's auction? Well... the Red Moon didn't come out after all."

Illina showed me a look that she couldn't understand, perhaps because I didn't attend the auction, the main reason I came here.

"That doesn't matter anymore."

She tilted her head at my words.

"You want to know what I've been doing?"

"Yes! Yes! Brother, what made you so happy?"

The three people in front of me seemed very curious about the current situation because I have been away for the past few days and have not explained in detail.

It's about time.

"That's what happened. It's all like this. I'll show you something good."

"Is it good?"

He nodded quietly at the sight of Winnie tilting his head.

I said I'd give you a present, but you have to keep your promise.

Stepping out of the crowd slowly hiding the words inside, I headed to the place where there was a huge grand piano on one side of the banquet hall without erasing the smile on my lips.

"Wait, can I borrow your piano?"

"What? Oh... yes, prince?"

"Don't worry, I know how to handle it."

The musician, who was playing a calm and constant song, nodded slowly, feeling embarrassed by the sudden intrusion.

From their point of view, high-ranking aristocrats and royal family members were in a position where they could not be blamed even if they suddenly showed off their eccentric behavior.

a commonplace place

Although they have been invited as a shining band for this banquet, they can't stop if they ask for it so openly.

As soon as the piano was cut off and the people who were playing the orchestra stopped, I could see the eyes of the banquet hall all over me.

Attention was drawn to the sudden stop of the calm music.

Situated in the middle of the grand piano, ignoring their gaze, I swept the keyboard without a word.

The piano, which decorates the hall like the Imperial class, was carefully maintained and of poor quality.

Do you know how to play music?

Except for the song.'

I'm a serenade of hell for singing.

He smiled and tapped the keyboard several times without making a sound, then turned his head away.

After nodding quietly to the three people who looked at me as if they were surprised by my sudden action, I was used to it and soft.

He began to press the keys quietly.

At the same time, a short, resonant voice begins to spread.

It is said that music calms people's minds.

And...

"Arya Ali Lindis, the Queen Mother, is eating!"

From now on, the gift I'm going to give to the girl who comes through the door.

not existing in this world

It will also be the first mysterious magic to unfold here.

The song selection is...

Well, let's go to Canon Variations.

The tempo is a bit fast.

with a rattle.

Soon after, as soon as I pressed the keyboard slowly, the door slowly opened and the girl in the blue dress began to enter slowly.

Such a girl looked different from what other people thought.

It's as if you've broken an egg.

The mask on her face had disappeared, and her tightly wrapped clothes had been changed into a beautiful dress.

At the same time, I heard breathing sounds from all over the place.

"Now, it's time to wake up from your nightmare, Princess."

Even though it's cheesy.

It doesn't feel bad.