120 # 120

The Manreb hero is coming back!

five volumes and twenty volumes

"Hmm... Red Moon?"

"Red door? Isn't that jewelry used by ladies, brother?"

WINRI gave a questioning look.

"I had to get it, but I was wondering if I could get it."

The most important ingredient. It's a red jewel called the Red Moon.

Well, it's known as just a beautiful gem, but in fact, the hidden performance inside it contained essential elements to smelting the Majeongseok.

"I'm looking for Red Moon, why ask Ullis? Shouldn't you ask the lady over here about jewelry like that?"

Illina, who sat on a chair in one of my worries and savored the tea gracefully.

"Why, you got someone to give you accessories?"

Winley's face turns pale at once when asked with a subtle look.

"Oh... no!"

"Huh?"

"Oh... no."

When I looked at the scene of shouting in a hurry, Winnie sat down again and bowed her head as if she had seen a ghost.

"It's not much, I'm thinking of making a Ma Jeongseok."

You're going to make... Ma Jeongseok? It's... it's not a big deal, is it?"

Ulysses looked perplexed at my answer.

It was natural for a wizard who knew the value of Ma Jeong-seok.

"Yeah, no matter how hard I think about it, we don't have any other sources of power right now, so we've got other materials without difficulty."

"The Majeongseok is usually made by combining hundreds of mana stones with some natural force. So every single one of them has a tremendous value because it's extremely rare."

Ullis murmured anxiously.

"And you're making it random?"

"It's a matter of time before the material is processed."

At the same time, his eyes glistened with greed.

"Davie! Please! Show me the processing!"

It doesn't matter if you watch it, but you won't know.

"The problem is that there is no most important red door. They say there's no supply."

"Oh... well, the Red Moon is one of the dream jewels even among the ladies."

Illina gave a flat explanation of what I said.

"It'll take a while to get it right away."

"As far as you know, there's no way to save it?"

She was agonizingly silent about what I said.

"Well..."

Is it hard to get even a dusk without supplies?

Seeing her being silent, she seemed quite difficult to get.

In fact, it was hard to find information about Red Moon even when I searched the catalog or auction guide at the top of the magic items.

"The red moon. It's a gem that happens to be made by chance in a very precious environment, and it's not easy to get money. You don't know how big a position the Red Moon has among the ladies in society."

She chuckled at me with a laugh.

"Oh, I feel good. You thought money was enough, right? You golden almighty."

"You don't want to be helped.

"Hey!"

She frowned at my words.

"Are you really saying that with one mouthful?" You're still royalty?!"

"At least wouldn't it be better for the Imperial to do this or that? You're deceiving men on the big continent. It's a scam."

I remember Ulysses and Winri's expression on her face, who saw her personality who was with me and went crazy.

I'm so upset right now. Don't provoke me.

The two people who are watching me and Illina's argument cannot take their eyes off what's.

"Sometimes, it seems like Ilyna and Davey have loved each other for a long time. Well... you're both definitely men and women. So is the image without fiction."

"Don't be ridiculous! I've never seen a psycho like this before."

Illina has refuted with a pale look as if screaming.

"But doesn't Ilina's personality only come out when she's with Davey?"

"That's... ..."

"Cook..."

Finally, she collapsed completely in Winley's battle of holding back laughter.

"I'm... I'm an imperial woman... but I'm an imperial woman in the Palan Empire..."

I sighed with tears, ignoring her sagging face.

"In the end, should we put this on hold?"

I have to make sure when I'm hooked, but there's no way I can't find anything.

"And apparently, Mr. Davy. Has the invitation for the Lindis Royal Banquet party been sent to Davy?"

It was the first time I heard it.

"Oh... that thing. Usually, one to two members of the royal family of a kingdom attend. I've heard that Kalus is attending the Lounge Kingdom."

Banquet? The circular hair loss stone that's not even communicating properly?

It would be a good thing not to be humiliated.

"Huh... I really wanted to attend at least once..."

It was WINRI who looked depressed for no reason.

"I've heard for sure. The Lindis Royal Banquet is called the Pentagon Hall. It has been said that the palace has been built by more than 500 Dwarf over the past three years, and its beauty and sophistication are superior to any other palace."

When Julis said, Wynry looked sad.

"Yes... there are a lot of people in the society of the Loun Kingdom who would like to attend the Lindis Royal Banquet at least once. Is that why? I've seen young people scrambling to be partners with that Kalus character."

I was silent at her words.

"Huh? Isn't this an invitation?"

Suddenly, Ilina's eyes glistened when she found a beautifully wrapped letter between the piles of papers that came to me.

"But... it's completely crumpled..."

"It's worth knowing... ...he must have been thrown out of interest and hit here and there."

"It's not crazy enough to ignore the invitation of the Empire."

"By the way, the fact that Davy came separately... ..."

"Prince David is quite famous."

Did he send the message as if he was just looking for a liver?

It seems true that Amy did not find the letter she had brought and piled it up with other documents to cover it up.

"Orabani!"

At that moment, I began to feel intense anxiety when I saw Winnie starting to look for something.

In fact, it's very annoying. But seeing those eager eyes, you can't afford this much time as an older brother! It was also true that internal conflicts soared.

"Hmm..."

"Oh, by the way, the Lindis Empire reminds me that this time around, participants are auctioned off precious metals as customers. With all the rare gems you can't get easily..."

"I've got to go. Winley, you said you wanted to see the imperial family, right?"

Illina's expression changed as if there was no such thing as an unhesitating answer.

* * *

Basically, it is not uncommon for siblings to participate in various banquet partners.

When she announced her intention to participate in the royal court, Illina grabbed Winnie's arm as if she had been waiting.

"I'll take Mr. Winley for a while."

"Where are you going?"

"You know how much Lady has to prepare for the big party?"

Her words were somewhat convincing.

"Then take this."

"Employee? You want me to use land funds?"

What I handed to Illina was a necessary seal when printing a bill issued in the name of the lord.

In other words, what I gave her was a corporate black card based on her previous life.

"I'm a bit of a smoker in that line. No matter how much you spend, don't let Winnie lose."

"Huh... Isn't that embezzlement of public funds?"

I stood up confidently when asked her embarrassingly question.

"If you don't like it, make money."

"Wow... it's amazing that the land run by such a son... ...is doing just fine."

To be exact, business is not my merit. I'm just using technology to eat everything.

However, the reality was that Illinois had one thing wrong.

There is already a large amount of money circulating on the land to the extent that there is no more place for money to go. It wasn't me who didn't know that there was no profit even if I poured more money in here.

"I can scratch it, right? You're going to buy mine, too?"

"Instead, make Winnie as perfect as she scratched her."

"Hot... Brother! You don't have to do that to me..."

Illina sprang to her feet as if she were blocking Winnie's mouth.

"What a child! It's an insult to the Creator that you don't decorate with such a cute face, follow me. I'll make you a real fairy."

Illina, who shrugged and shoved on the back of embarrassed Winri, looked very determined and willing to spend money.

Even if you're rich, it's always true that it's fun to just scream.

"Is Ullis also participating?"

"Oh... yeah, for now. I've been nominated as a partner with Ilina."

His answer drew a sigh of relief.

"Winley's having a hard time."

The rival is too strong.

Even though she has such a sharp personality, it is still true that she is a truly elegant and beautiful woman.

"What?"

"It's nothing.

All of a sudden!

"Davie! I'm going to take you home with me and join you. You're on your own!"

Ulysses smiled bitterly at Illina, who exclaimed proudly and left again.

"Iilina and I have been acquainted to some extent since we were young. You don't have to worry about him because he's so pure and nice."

Innocent...

There was a laugh in vainly.

* * *

Ullis joined the procession that took Winley to the Palan Empire.

Of course, it's not that I don't trust the two, but Winnie, who drives accidents, was honestly as nervous as a child at the waterfront.

If I hadn't been so strong, I wouldn't have thought of that.

The Palan Empire doesn't know much yet, and the Lindis Empire, which is likely to attract a large number of people, needs safety factors of safety.

"When you get to the Lindis Empire, please stand by Winnie. If you're trying to get to Amon, you can break your arm."

"Lunner's question, that's an order?"

"Let's go for a favor."

"Okay, Lünne, do your favor, escort, color, judge yourself to be very good."

"Yes, yes."

"And I also believe that communication skills are very good."

"Well, I don't think so."

Communication skills are certainly problematic.

She has that small cuteness, so her way of speaking is cute, but there is nothing I can do about it.

"And if possible, remove the ring over your head."

"Non-visualization on."

As soon as Lünne's eyes twinkled, the rings of the rings that were floating on her head slowly began to blur.

There is no other collection of scientific powers that I cannot understand from my point of view.

The invisible man raised his hand on the desk.