122 # 122

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Twenty-two volumes

49. Stranger and Imperial Banquet.

"Whoa... whoo..."

"Hey, Malson, you did what I told you to do, didn't you?"

"...yes. He stole my purse and ran away leaving traces."

"But why isn't the damn guy following me?"

Phew!!

The big man kicked the little, unattractive boy.

"Cough!"

Naturally, the powerless boy collapsed and gasped with a heavy breath.

"Oh... no! I'm sure you noticed it, and you're following me! ...Ahhhhhhhhhhh!"

"Why are you talking back to me, you bloody horse!"

Punch!

Under the relentless violence the boy clenched his teeth and gave a faint moan.

"Hey, Bildy, he's coming. Get ready."

"Oh, that's right."

"Crazy guy's slow on the trail. You're a rich uncle?"

"I guess he's from a rich family because he has a fair skin. I'm sure he's still an ignorant kid."

"He's fearless, but we need to recover the three little boys he carries without a scratch. I'm sure you know."

"As long as you support me from behind. By the way, what is he?"

asked a man called Bildi with a frown.

It was because a big man talking to him was dragging a little boy who was stretched out in one hand.

"What are you talking about? He's a henpecked fellow, and I thought he was a rich man, but he's a bum, and I'm just going to take him to the right place and sell him to slavery."

"Well, sell it or bury it anywhere you want. This is an expensive case, so make sure."

Killingly speaking, Bildy nodded, and the rest of the big men disappeared as if hiding.

Afterwards, Bildi also hid nearby and stared into the alley with his bulging eyes.

At the same time, there began to be a boy who whistled slowly across the alley.

* * *

"Heez! That's it?!"

The boy, who was running away screaming, fell to the floor as if he had sprained his ankle.

As if to catch me, I put down Hongdan and Chengdan and approached him slowly.

"You came late to run away, and you're the only one here?"

"What?"

My question opened the boy's eyes wide.

"Old and now, the clueless pups."

As the boy kicked his tongue and picked up the pouch he had dropped and opened his mouth, he could see the stone inside.

"Did you know what this was?"

"Dol?! No way!"

"Some crazy guy carries a purse out there in such a crowded place."

"Ugh... ..."

The boy gritted his teeth as if he was resentful of my words. On the surface, it looks like he didn't eat much, but for that, he had a lot of poison around his eyes.

In a way, it is natural to survive in the back alley.

"Ha! So you came after me slowly on purpose?"

"I thought I'd take a look. So, let's stop playing tag."

It was at the same time that I brought it up.

I swung a club at my head before something popped out of the back could react.

Hard!!!!!

But the club that flew at my head couldn't do its job and crashed down.

"Ha! You idiot! I'm not afraid to follow you."

The man who stormed back shouted, thinking that the attack had entered my head properly.

However, his words did not last long, forcing him to stop.

I woke up without any problem after being hit exactly in the occipital area exactly.

In the first place, even before reaching my flesh, it was blocked by the membrane of a gentle stretch of steel, but in their eyes, the club must have hit my larynx and seemed to have broken.

"These days, you do it in a novel way. What were you going to do if I didn't follow you?"

My words opened the boy's eyes wide.

"How did you... ..you were clubbed to death..."

What surprised me was not only the boy but also the man who hit me in the back of the head.

"I think it's right to be punished for what I did, regardless of age or sex. I'm not good enough to laugh at them for doing such a stupid thing."

With my words, the man standing behind me ran.

"What are you talking about? You'really!

His behavior of taking a knife out of his arms in an instant was quite sharp and outspoken.

Fluffy!

It must have been successful.

At least it wasn't for Lünne, who dug in and broke his arm.

Seeing that his arms and legs were not just bent, but at an angle that could not be done, he looked determined and bent.

"That... Argh!!!"

As I turned my head ignoring the man screaming and rolling on the floor, I saw the man holding Hongdan, the man holding the blue Dani, and the man who was lying on the floor after his bone was broken while holding Lünne.

In an instant, he seemed to have ditched the man who was holding him and rushed to him.

"Lunne question, why are you staying still?"

"Hopeful torture is the only thing that makes you crazy."

"Lünne, David is judged to be very evil."

"As long as you don't die, it doesn't matter if you maim it. Just make sure you do it."

"Lunne, sensing that the temperature of the emotional circuit is rising, judging it as anger. I'm willing to accept the order."

The atmosphere of the alley began to turn around when a circular ring appeared above Lünne's head, which flashed its eyes.

I'm a little girl who breaks a branch just by moving her hands lightly and doesn't care about me even after being hit by a club.

The number of subsequent members of the party was quite large, but somehow they hardened without taking a step forward or fleeing.

"Don't kill me. If you kill me, I'll go at you fearlessly again."

Let's stop to the point of a cripple. You know that if you live, you can't let them touch you.

As if understanding what I meant, Lünne's eyes shone even more blue.

"Lunne, I accept it quickly."

"Then leave the guys behind to Lünne. You're going to get in trouble, aren't you?"

The boy's face turned blue at my smiling face.

"Why... ...why didn't you fix me with this power?""

He shouted furiously.

"Why long? There are usually people who control pickpockets from behind, and it's hard to find them one by one, so they came together to organize them."

Do you think I look like a nice person with a clueless uncle?

Sadly, it's all wrong.

My explanation completely drained the color of his face.

"Don't worry, the kids will stop lecturing a little bit weakly. You're not at least a bunch of crap, are you? So keep your conscience."

"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

Later, in the alleyway, a scream that I don't know whose it was rang out desperately.

* * *

"Sa... Please save me..."

The men who had fallen to the ground had already been half asleep.

At least he's fine.

Ppud...

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

"Lünne, intelligence has determined that the eyes are very wrong. There was an order from Davy that a child sexually transgender is a henchman."

Some men are screaming in real time because the old man is crushed.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

Holding Hongdan and Chungdan, ignoring the boy who fell on the floor, grabbed his butt and groaned, I passed them without regret.

"The opponent has to take a look at it and make a good one, but now they finish it with one or two small pieces, but if they get caught again, it's not a big deal."

"Turn it off..."

Well, grudges can do a good job. These guys have nothing to do with me.

"Davie, we found the victim."

Then Lünne, who was following me, called me up to see if he found something.

When I turned my head to this, I saw a black-haired boy lying in the corner of the alley.

I think they are about 14 to 15 years old.

Looking at his hands and face, he didn't seem to have suffered much.

"Lünne, judge the weak to help."

"If you leave it like that, it'll either be sold as a slave or used as an experiment."

I felt bitter that I had black hair, so I approached the boy, and I lightly smoked up on the tip of my hand and cut off the rope that had trapped the boy's body.

Then he put his hand on the boy's body and muttered quietly.

[Haines Hill]

Whoo!

When the top recovery magic unfolded in my hand with light light light, the eyes of those who had fallen on the floor opened up.

"E...Magician..."

Only then did they realize that they had touched the landmine, but they were out of interest to me, who had already beaten it coolly.

"Uh... Mom... I miss you... Dad..."

The boy kept muttering in a curious voice.

"Hey, are you okay?"

As the boy's consciousness slowly began to return, he slowly looked up at me with a blank face.

It's strange, but even in this very Tionis continent, which is a continent with a lot of oriental beauty, there are few Asian-feeling people who think it's this perfect.

Exactly the eastern and central parts of the continent are close to a mixture of East and West, and the western continents resemble the Latin population.

"You don't look like an Asian. Where are you from?"

The boy turned his head to my question and said nothing.

"What? Don't you understand?"

"Where are we..."

"Where do you mean, the capital of the Lindis Empire."

The boy tilted his head again at my words.

You know how to talk, but you don't understand? What nonsense is this?

"Lune question, do you understand Davy's language?

I paused as I was conversing familiarly with Lünne's words.

Something feels strange. What did I miss...

Get it!!!

At the same time, realizing this gap, I opened my eyes and grabbed the boy by the collar.

"Who are you?"

The boy's eyes were filled with tears of fear, perhaps frightened by my frightened face.

"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Help me!"

Why didn't I notice the difference?

He himself could not hide his embarrassing feelings.

The memory was so clear that I interpreted it reflexively and didn't notice anything strange.

Is this language......

I changed my language this time and asked him, who was shaking like he didn't understand what he meant.

"What are you?"

not a common language between the central and eastern continents

Languages of the second world, different from the Thionys Continent.

A small country on Earth, in Korean.