125 # 125

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the 25th installment of the fifth volume.

"You can't even show your bare skin because of your illness... ...David, didn't you say you had a history of treating a disease on the Ortem estate?"

"I did."

"Can't you cure that disease?"

Her eyes narrowed to her question.

It wasn't something I couldn't do. In fact, she realized what kind of illness she was suffering from, and now she was expected to be clearly seen beyond the mask.

The girl, who was flustered by the sudden attention, soon seemed to accept the conversation, calming her trembling hands to see if she somehow regained her composure.

"It's not that I can't."

"Then can't you heal me?"

"I'll find you right away and cure your illness! Do you call it?"

"......."

"Maybe it just seems like you're just trying to get attention."

"But... it's too pitiful. I'm sure you're coming of age."

"And yet."

I vaguely hardened my expression.

"That disease shouldn't be left in this world."

That's my will. I don't know about other diseases, but I don't want to leave a speck of dust in this world.

"Cook... at times like this, I don't think he's a real jerk. By the way, it's a little crowded."

The spacious hall is large enough to accommodate many people.

Nevertheless, only one spot looked very bustling because of the aristocrats who gathered to talk to Aria.

At first, the attention to Illina is now all directed at her.

There are so many people who attended the banquet that they go through all sorts of things.

Took...

And I was watching the confusion caused by the untimely rush.

An aristocrat Yeong-sik, who swallowed his saliva among people, strode in and began to approaching her.

And, as if it were a coincidence. She fell in the direction of her presence, floundering and touching the part of her mask.

At the same time, the strap of the mask, which had been firmly fixed, seemed like a very slow video.

Watching the scene without a word, I pulled Illinois in my arms without hesitation.

"Come on... Wait a minute!"

I pulled her away, surprised by my sudden action, and covered my eyes, pulled Manna up.

Suddenly, I felt the manna flowing out of my body and my surprised mouth opened empty.

Soon, my hand, which completely obscured her vision, moved lightly.

What I'm trying to do now is, in common sense, really crazy.

[Light Property Modification Wizard]

[2 Circle]

[Light App Solve Block]

Light absorption blocking magic for some.

And

[Light Property Modification Wizard]

[4 Circle]

[Stern Grenade]

Immunities range from Ullis and Winley, and the case-ridden Arya twangnyeo.

Illinois has nothing wrong with me because I covered my eyes myself.

It was not long before the mana, which was arranged very momentarily, moved, and a huge flash burst throughout the huge hall that would take away sight for an instant.

A wide-area stunt...

Flash bombs are the best!

The banquet hall is full of dignitaries from all over the world? And this is an act of terrorism?

Confucius says there's a saying.

Have a light.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

"My eyes!!"

The sudden incident turned the banquet hall into a complete mess and filled with people rolling around the floor with their eyes closed or stumbling.

Although their reactions are different, one thing in common is that they are unable to open their eyes.

By the way, optical magic is also slightly different from ordinary light.

In about a minute or so, the view will return without any problems. The aftereffects will be short, so there is no big problem.

With a surprised face, I could see the eyes of Winnie, Ullis, and Arya's princess.

Her face revealed by the mask falling down the bright chandelier...

It was more devastating than I expected.

"Huh?"

Soon after, Illina, who realized what I had done, flinched, the girl's eyes accidentally bumped into me, opened her eyes wide, and slowly backed up.

Then, what she had on her mind, soon picking up the mask that fell on the floor, she ran away from the banquet hall.

"Hey... hey, you crazy..."

It would not have been thought that he would do this calmly at a banquet hall where royalty and high-ranking aristocrats from all over the world gathered.

When Illina, who realized the situation, muttered with a look of absurdity, I let her go without hesitation and said softly.

Perhaps the banquets will be stopped and the royal family will be in turmoil, but there was no regret over what had already been done.

"I'm sorry. Wait, I'll be out of the room, so please take care of it just in case there's a problem."

When people who were infected with the accelerated fusion virus and got a horrible face were caught by others.

The mental trauma they will get is beyond imagination.

It was also the disease that turned into a miserable appearance.

In fact, the naked face of the Aryan twang was more horribly distorted than the average patient.

Perhaps her masked man was one of the aristocrats in the Lindis Empire who despised the Sioux, and their plot seemed clear.

The end of the victims involved in the political fight is never good to see.

With the terrible sadness and embarrassment contained in innocent eyes, I seemed to have left before I thought.

I couldn't avoid feeling that the memory of someone I don't even remember now seemed to have been stimulated.

And even though I knew it was a terrible hypocrisy, I didn't show any objection to it.

What's wrong with hypocrisy and what does it matter if it's really good deeds?

Injury and illness are different.

A doctor is a healer of a disease, even if it's just an enemy.

If the opponent is the one who will kill and is sick, the education policy I received is to first destroy the disease and then tear it to death.

What's the point?

I'm going to eat shit.

50. The connection between redemption and hypocrisy.

Hurry up!

The youngest daughter of the Lindis Empire, a fox and a male monk, ran away without thinking of wearing a mask.

Although he did not seem to have exercised much, his agility and flexibility unique to the Suin people were faster than ordinary people.

She's headed for a huge garden behind the banquet hall.

It looked more like a forest than a garden.

In addition, it was a good choice for her escape route.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...

Although she was running around in a chaotic manner with the agility of the Su-in people, was her dress a hindrance?

She fell down on the floor after stepping on her foot in front of her.

Normally she would have woken up quickly, but she sobbed helplessly, even losing her strength to get up.

"It's all over..."

I never wanted to be seen. As a woman, she was never going to show such ugly things on her face.

Therefore, it was true that he never took off his mask in front of the emperor. The only one who saw her face was Baron Gorneo, a member of the disease control team who said he would treat her.

She still had her own dream. When I cured this disease, I wanted to visit the person who saved me and say thank you, and learn more about him.

It was a little funny, but it was true that I wanted to get closer to the man who fell in love at first sight and meet him on condition of marriage if possible.

Even if her opponent was a commoner, she didn't care. She wasn't too tied up with class.

The warmth she felt was characteristic of the cozy atmosphere she wanted to feel even a little more.

Her simple wish seemed to come true.

Her father, who had kept a cold face, sighed and sighed, saying he would follow her will, and soon followed her to the clinic, saying she could cure her illness.

Everything seemed to be going well.

If this is the only way to go, I think we can forget all the hardships we've gone through and be a little greedy.

Like a few other royal families or nobles who meet in love.

He shows his bare skin and smiles brightly, gives a fresh and mournful kiss to his loved ones.

Laughing brightly as her children grow up one day... ...the simple dreams she has.

I thought I could be a little more greedy.

However, her wish went awry from the start.

Contrary to expectations, the disease has not been cured.

I wanted to get closer. I just wanted to say thank you.

With this miserable face, I didn't even have the courage to approach him.

She attended the banquet because of her father's words that she should be able to find and meet the person confidently by consolidating her position.

You can't do anything just by hiding like a ghost in a palace.

So she took courage and attended the banquet.

But as soon as I got to the banquet, I ran out of masks.

It was also true that her motivation for life was brutally undermined.

Her pitiful sobbing echoed through the forest.

I wish I could meet him, talk to him, dine with him, and maintain a fresh relationship.

It would be a good idea to say that you are a pond, receive it, and promise your future, saying that you will be with us forever.

Wouldn't it be good to smile brightly under the bright night sky and look at each other affectionately?

by the way

"That's no use. With this face, with this body!"

She sobbed like a scream.

It wasn't seen by the man, but this situation has driven her confidence to the bitter end.

Hardly had courage come to be treated cheap and eventually shut the door.

If the Priya you gave me is looking at me, why are you giving me this ordeal? She wanted to wrangle her clothes against her usual personality.

"Yes... I would rather..."

Eventually, she let go of her affection for herself and looked down at the pin she took out of her arms.

"I'd rather live in this misery..."

"Are you going to die?"

It was then.

A faint, faint, strange and nostalgic scent tickled the tip of his nose.

a delicate aroma of Sansuyu

And, a man's voice.

With a blank, stiff face, she forgot to cover her face with a mask and slowly raised her head.

And completely different from those who have seen their faces and looked disgustingly at them since the past.

I looked at her warm, red eyes that looked at her true nature.

The black hair that was clearly left in the memory that I encountered at the moment, and the red eyes that I could see.