126 # 126

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Twenty-sixth installment in five volumes

"Are you in pain?"

Speaking in a gentle tone, he approached her.

Met.

As she looked up at the boy without thinking of covering my face, she soon recalled her skeleton and tried to cover her face with a mask.

However, her hand, which was wearing a mask, was stopped by the boy's hand, which flew in quickly.

"Do you want to run away like that?"

"Let go of me... I..."

"Can I continue to avoid it?"

"We met like this... and we ended up meeting this easily..."

Her voice, which bowed her head and covered her face with her remaining hands, was young with a desperate sob.

"You... I didn't want to show this to you!!! At least for you..."

The boy grinned at her desperate appeal.

I wanted to show him her true self.

Not this hideously distorted figure, but the white, blemish-free original look that I heard about when I was young.

But God desperately turned a blind eye to her wishes.

Why did you show your ugly bare face when you met him?

Why did you take away her simple wish?

The red-eyed boy, who looked at her, spoke quietly with a warm gaze that he had never shown before, which could not be found in disgust.

"The hellish disease. I'll help you heal."

"Ah..."

"I'm not going to lose. Would you believe me?"

The smiling boy kept her from saying anything for a long time.

* * *

"I'm sorry to show you the ugly... ..."

With her timid apology, I lightly condensed Manna with my fingertips and practiced fixing the shape.

"Lady Arya."

"Yes... Yes?"

"I've seen countless people who were in a more terrible state than you were."

"......."

"You shouldn't be so surprised. Actually. Think you were lucky. Normally, with that kind of symptom, he would have already vomited blood and died."

It is up to the doctor to reassure the patient.

Originally, it was up to Baron Goneo who came here to treat her, but her condition would not have been the case for him.

Spiritual energy and her peculiar constitution. Finally, the long-lived degeneration of the virus.

I was well aware of the fact that in this case, medication is impossible to treat.

[Only one] There's someone who couldn't be treated with medicine, someone I loved, and as a result, I couldn't save him. Instead, I saved hundreds of millions of people by using his death as a stepping stone.]

Hippocrya, a god who taught me where this disease was, said it with a self-help smile.

He's already dead, but he must have been haunted at one point. Even after he died, I was obsessed with studying the cure.]

Man is not perfect.

It was the same with her.

Of course, it's true that I learned a different way to treatments.

When she took off her mask, loosened her neck and sleeves, and took off her gloves, she saw her face-distorted skin.

She flinched at my outspoken behavior and tried to cover herself somehow, but I patted her on the head and gently reassured her.

"Maybe it's hard to believe that she failed once."

"......."

"The treatment will take two to three days. In the meantime, never lose faith that you can get better."

"Really... can you really cure it?!"

I nodded at the desperate cry.

"If you believe in her to the end, you will be able to recover."

"......."

Why are you so relieved? She looked at me silently and nodded slowly.

"Do you trust me?"

"I believe you. I believe in you."

"Well, have sweet dreams for two days. Lady Hwang."

Smiling at her with firm determination, I forced her to sleep with a blood transfusion.

Then he quietly put his index finger and middle finger on her neck and began measuring her pulse.

Shake!

"Arya!"

At the same time, someone rushed into the room, hearing the voice of an urgent old man.

Rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

At the same time, those who appeared to be guards followed him in unison and surrounded me as if I were surrounded me.

"Lunne, warning. Don't approach me anymore."

Then, looking up at me silently, Lünne blocked my face and threatened the knights with a warning.

"This is... what's going on!"

He seemed to have rushed in after hearing the news of the accident.

The old man was a man I had never seen before, but I could tell the identity of the king's coffin and the emperor's costume he was wearing.

"For patients, absolute stability comes first. Your Majesty, I'm asking you to be rude. Please pass on the articles."

"Get your hands off the Queen!!"

"Tut, don't yell."

As if he had not even thought about listening to me, an old-looking man stepped up and raised a sword.

As expected, Sodmaster is like an empire full of people.

Ignoring the restrained auror blade, I closed my eyes and asked again quietly, measuring Aria's pulse.

"Your Majesty."

"... ...get out of the way of the lieutenant."

"Ha......Your Majesty!"

"Arya is asleep. Don't make any more noise and leave."

The knights looked alternately at the Emperor Deport and me with a worried look as if they would not listen to the counterargument.

Then he looked down quietly and left the room in perfect order.

"I'm sorry to say hello to the Empire's twin dragons. However, the patient's stability is absolute, so please understand."

"Who are you?"

"This is Davy Allan."

"Davie... ...is it you who treated the blood of the devil in the Lounge Kingdom?"

"It's not enough, but it's done. Thanks to your kindness, I was forced to participate in the banquet, but I witnessed the accident."

Speaking calmly, I took my finger off.

Then he picked up Aria's dress with his finger and smoked her and cut it off.

"You punk!"

At the same time, Emperor Lindis's roar was heard, but Lünne stopped him.

"Lune, warning. One more approach, Lune, attack mode."

"Stop it, Lünne. Get back."

"......."

She withdrew with a subtle expression of disapproval of my words.

I know, I don't know how to show my emotions when I have no expression.

"The baroness probably couldn't cure the disease."

It`s like that. Contrary to her confident answer, she failed to cure the disease."

"It's not his fault. It's a special case of the constitution of the Empress."

My words opened his eyes wide.

"That means you can cure her disease?"

"I'll put one condition on the line instead."

Your opponent is the Emperor of the Empire?

You don't think I'm going to make a good mouth of you and you're going to lose your voice.

It's not wrong, though.

There was not an inch of change in my tone.

"I will cure your disease within two days. Instead, please hand me one of the auction items for the day."

There was a subtle confusion in his face when I said.

"If you fail, I'll give you a neck."

I spoke confidently and faced him face to face.

"What shall we do, Your Majesty? Please make a decision."

I can't believe I'm dealing my daughter's life in the presence of the Emperor.

I don't want it either, but if you start treating her, you won't be able to take part in the auction.

It is subtly miscalculated to treat while missing what to take care of.

He made his decision not long after my unyielding offer.

"Okay, be sure to save it. If she can take off her mask, then Jim will be an absolute ally to you that no one else on the continent can afford."

He's as hot as a sodmaster as he is no matchless.

* * *

The banquets, which had been interrupted by the sudden flash of light, were held again, as if to show the Empire's determined response.

Then, a rumor began to circulate among the nobles.

It was a story that one of the princes of the small Eastern Continental States went out to cure the disease of the Aryan princess.

Rumors of her illness were already well known.

I can't help but notice that she is wearing a mask to hide her hideous change.

"Your Majesty! Aria hasn't had a meal for two days and has been doing something she doesn't know if it's healing or not! You can't leave it like this!"

Like the emperor, Albus, the crown prince who cares about Aria, strongly insisted.

There are still very few people who know this, but at least Albus knew what happened the night before.

"What do you believe in him? Baron Gorneo failed, too! Have you seen the treatment? He was putting a strange needle into Aria's body!"

"Albus."

"Your Majesty!"

Jim`s decision remains unchanged."

"......."

After his firm words, Albus realized that he could no longer persuade.

He/she, who is treating the disease, has developed a treatment for this damn disease once, so he/she endured it, otherwise he/she would never have let it go.

"Did you recognize him more than that?"

"There's no evidence... ...but the conservatives seem to be involved."

Duke of Luxchak, also a conservative aristocrat who is extremely supportive of the heavenly ideas, the number of the Lindis Empire.

"You dare try to use Arya without fear?"

"What shall we do?"

"Find the man who caused this haughty incident by all means. Make him talk everything out of his mouth. The sin of subjugating the Emperor of the Darynx Empire is not worth the destruction of the Nine."

"I'll take care of it thoroughly. And... ..and the accident in the banquet hall the day before..."

"Publicize that magic artifacts have caused problems. I don't know what happened, but they said they were all in intense light."

"Yes, just in case there's a possibility of terrorism..."

"No, that's enough."

The cold-spoken Djord was silent.

Everything was just as the young boy said.

In a very brief incident, the young prince noticed the situation in the Lindis Empire.

an empire in which thousands of ideas remain

And a clash between conservatives and liberals.

The incident appears to be a masterpiece of conservatives, and it is determined to undermine the image of Su-in and narrow public opinion on her by showing the image of Aria at a gathering of envoys from all over the world.

"That's funny."

A dejected smile came out. This is not the level of quick wit. He seemed to know the cause of the incident and who was after it.

In fact, he has not escaped from the bedroom where Aria is asleep for a moment and is doing bizarre treatment.

"Albus."

"Yes, Your Majesty."

Albus looked at Djord, flinching at the sudden call for him.

"What did you feel when you saw the prince named Davy?"

"What do you mean by that......"

"Didn't you feel anything?"

"I beg your pardon, Your Grace..."

The reasoning for the whole story of this incident came from the boy's slip of the tongue.

And that was the truth. However, there are not many such bookmakers in the Empire. Nevertheless, there was a reason why Emperor Theodore was extremely concerned about Davy.