123 # 123

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 23 of the Five Books

"Oh, my brother!"

The accommodation that came as a liaison between Yulis and Winley, who said they would prepare the accommodation in advance, was a large and magnificent accommodation where high-ranking aristocrats or royalty would stay.

Thanks to various magical equipment, the hallway was bright and the temperature was clean without any discomfort.

"Come... Bernie?"

Holding Hong Dan's hand in one hand, and carrying the boy on his shoulder, I said to the manager of the accommodation, looking at me with a surprised look.

"One, prepare a room where you can rest. Do you have any spare rooms?"

"Yes? Ah... yes, Prince Davy."

"Take him, wash him, feed him. The conversation won't work, but you'll understand if you use moderately hand-to-hand gestures."

"Who's that boy?"

Winnie looked suspicious when she saw a boy of her age.

"I'll explain later."

I'm a little confused, too.

I said, "Illina and Julis, who followed Winley, also looked suspicious and said nothing more."

"Sorry, could you give me a break? I'm tired."

Then I brought Hongdan and Chengdan to Winri's arms.

As a result, Win-ri's face turned red as she looked at Hong-dan and Cheng-dan.

Reflexively, they seem to be fascinated by their cuteness.

"Oh, my God! The Qingdao is Hongdan! Didn't you miss me?"

"Oh my God!"

"Wow... ..."

In Winley's case, I've met these guys before.

However, Ilina and Ullis who followed were different.

It was obvious how the two twins with dizzying cuteness, which also distracted men, would be seen by a girl of my age who is full of emotions.

"Yes, Davy! Who are these cute kids?!"

"My daughter. This is Hongdan, and this is Chengdan. Hongdan, you should say hi."

"Bba-bba~"

"Laugh!"

"What?"

"Huh!"

Oh, come to think of it, the other two haven't seen Cheng Dan and Hong Dan yet, except for WINRI.

It must have been hard to meet them because they spend most of their day sleeping as they grow up.

I was only nodding at the sight of him asking me for an explanation with a blank face.

My head was so complicated that I even thought I shouldn't have shown it.

* * *

The boy I brought was traumatized, or he had other problems.

I've fainted since I walked Heynes Hill and still haven't woken up.

Thanks to you, I'm holding back even if I want to ask something.

"Orabani! How am I?"

I inadvertently raised my thumb at the sight of Win-ri twirling in her green dress, twinkling her eyes.

"You're the best! My brother!"

"Hehe!"

"Whew... what should I do with that little brother fool..."

While exhaling a weary breath, Illina's nose was high enough to see if she was satisfied with her work.

"How do you like it? This is the ability of the maidens to assist the Continental Imperials."

"That's great, but next time, I'll have to pay more attention to Winnie."

"Hahaha!"

"Ahhhhhhahhhhhhhhhhhh!

Hong Dan and Chung Dan-yi, who had a smile on their face and clung to them, were rubbing their cheeks against Win-ri's skirt, apparently feeling good about her behavior.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

"Oh, my God... I'm not like Davey."

"What does that mean?"

"No, that's... haha!"

Ullis smiles awkwardly and turns her head.

Yeah, I mean, you know I'm a jerk in my personality.

Of course, Cheongdan and Hongdan have yet to say that they are the second twin swords of the 1,000-day-old suit, but the two seemed to have little idea that their two children were my daughters.

No, I'd say I'm half naked.

There are few normal people around me in the first place.

Because everything you do was so hard to predict.

Like Winley, Ullis and Illina were dressed in antique and elegant costumes that they had never seen before.

Since she could not hide her job as a wizard, Ullis wore a neat uniform of a tower rather than a normal conquest, and Ilyana had a beautiful appearance that was tied up to her hair in a single hair like an imperial woman.

I wish I could've done it myself.

The subtle bitter mutter made me smile bitterly.

What she wanted was not to be beautifully decorated like Winnie and Illina, but to be decorated like that to someone.

For her, who had no substance, it was a far cry from her.

"By the way, he's really cool, too!"

Soon after, Win-ri, who was enjoying looking at my clothes, approached me and exclaimed.

As it is a banquet of the Empire, one cannot attend in ordinary clothes.

Because of that, I liked the fact that Illina, who drew my official seal recklessly, even had a pension recovery site for me.

"Well... don't complain because I chose it to my taste."

"That's okay."

She moaned and turned her head away as I grinned at the sleeve of the black suit.

"You look so comfortable..."

"Don't show off other people's faces."

I know I'm handsome, but I know that I'm not a handsome guy.

"What's wrong with my brother? Who makes you feel as comfortable as your brother?"

Of course this kind and cute little brother didn't let go of the grumbling.

"Hey! Are you betraying me?!"

Leaving Illinois behind screaming when I had spoken, I headed to the room where the boy was asleep.

Then he put a piece of paper on the side table next to his bed and wrote something lightly.

Don't run and stay.

Korean, not the common language of the continent.

The memories of my past life are half blurry, but I can't get rid of them no matter what I do.

So even after a long time, I still remembered this text.

This won't stand out. I don't really feel the joy of this guy, but I'm sure there was one thing I wanted to check.

One thing that is vaguely memorable.

* * *

"Welcome, Princess Ilina de Palan. And the fifth-class Elder of Ullis. And you are Prince Davy Olloun and Princess Winley O'Loon."

It was my first time seeing the face, but the young butler looked politely down after confirming the invitation and identification cards we gave him.

"Thank you for attending the banquet."

"There's a lot of trouble. Has the banquet started yet?"

"Yes, but your Majesty has not entered yet."

"Oh, thank God."

Seeing that he smiles and gracefully covers his mouth with a fan, there is no such thing as that.

Whether she wants to maintain her true image in public or not, Illinois maintained her elegant appearance with a consistent smile.

On the surface, Illinois and Ullis often move as partners in such public events, with rumors circulating that they are engaged.

Perhaps the same is true this time. My conclusion is that both of them seem to have no complaints about this in the first place.

"Come... Bernie..."

When I held Win-ri's hand, which was shaking, I could feel her clean and intelligent green eyes looking at me.

"I'm... I'm sorry. I was so nervous..."

Even the royal family rarely attend such a big banquet.

Moreover, it is only natural that Winley was not a case of society's cliche in the Loun Kingdom.

" stand tall. You are so beautiful that you won't kneel to anyone now."

"But..."

"If anyone ignores you, my brother will help you to start a war."

It sounds like a lie, right? If I do, I will do it for real.

"Thank you..."

Winnie couldn't stop looking around half-as if she was half-enthusiastic about the beauty of the Pentagon Hall.

Usually, she looked like a country bumpkin, but she looked rather cute thanks to the impression of WINRI, who had a strange cuteness.

As they entered the banquet hall along the royal family and nobles of each country dressed up in beautiful and clean costumes, they began to see a magnificent yet very beautiful interior hall.

On one side, there is a large podium, and there is a huge grand piano on top of it.

And next to it, those who appear to be musicians are playing monotonous and calm songs in neat uniforms.

From that size, on the ceiling of the hall, which was so large that it was different from the royal banquet, a chandelier, which was so grandly large, shone beautifully on the whole hall, shining its presence.

"Wow..."

WINRI managed to cover her mouth and open her eyes round, raising a fan to see if she could hide her exclamations.

"Well... it's beautiful."

"Do you like that?"

"Huh? How's your brother?"

"No, it's okay. If you like that, I'll make it for you."

It's not that I can't make it.

I just didn't feel very useful.

500 dwaff men came in and made it for three years?

Perhaps I have heard that not only the yellow rock tribe, but also the black rock tribe's dwaffes that I met at that time, and the numerous dwaff tribes on the whole continent are sending me favors.

Watching countless people chatting with each other with glasses of wine, Winley briefly coughed and looked up at me.

"Well, shall we go, Lady?"

"Oh, good to see you. Brother."

Then he showed his royal dignity and smiled sweetly at me.

* * *

Some time has passed since the banquet began.

Naturally, many people came to the banquet, but among them, two people, Illina and Yulice, were overwhelmingly eye-catching.

The two people who attended the partnership were a couple that looked really good together, and it was clear that they were good-looking men and women who made people smile.

One is a genius wizard elder who is called one of the best husbands on the continent.

And the other is called one of the five most beautiful women in the continent, a genius of sword, and a forbidden octave of the Palan Empire, which even has the title of master of sword.

It will be strange if you don't get attention.

Of course, the two were busy as they tried to get acquainted with each other.

And

"Good morning. Princess Winley. My name is Temidra, the 4th prince of the Kingdom of Khartan."

"You're so beautiful. I am the eldest son of the Duke of Pelard..."

The surprising part is that Winnie received great attention.

Basically, the stork was very golden wings because the royal family had a very beautiful color and was decorated by the royal ladies.

On the contrary, my case was a little different.

Few people recognize me yet. As a result, they were still quiet except for those who came to favor the company with extroverted.