124 # 124

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the twenty-fourth installment of the fifth volume.

There's an orc.

'Where? Oh...'

When I turned my head to Persek's gesture, which was sitting on my shoulder and looking around, I saw Orc in a neat suit bumping a glass while talking to a human.

Basically, orcs have darker skin colors and are much larger than humans.

Orcs basically have a large proportion of muscles, as if they were dwaffes.

The surface characteristics of the orcs were also characterized by a dark green skin, a height ranging from 2m to 2m to 10cm, a firm and thick muscular body, and finally, a lower canine that rose out of the lips unlike humans.

"In some parts of the world, humans and Orcs were fighting like hell."

Interestingly, the Orcs of this continent are quite close to humans.

Called a race of honorary warriors, they usually live in a tribe, but they don't like political matters so much that they often enter the human nation with mercenary days as their occupation.

Besides, I don't like these banquets so much that it won't come unless it's a decent person.

Perhaps that orc is an orc that is quite high in rank among the orcs, or about the great elder.

In addition, they looked for this species, but all they found was that it was difficult to find new people enough for Orcs to find.

The elf is officially known to have disappeared more than 300 years ago, and Dwarf does not leave the village.

Su-in had no choice but to have it because of the custom that was highly despised in the Lindis Empire.

I was looking around curiously.

Suddenly, I saw someone approaching Win-ri, who was sighing away from the men.

"Hey, you said we were getting together, but the liver came out of the boat."

With a sharp tone of voice, Winri's eyes were on the main character of her voice.

"Carlus."

"Where are you coming from?"

"What?"

A young-looking girl in a red dress was standing next to him, who had been arguing from the beginning.

"You must be crazy, Davey, do you think you deserve this high-quality banquet?"

"Don't be ridiculous, but you're the only one who ended up in the whole way, right?"

Of course, Winley was not just a kind and gentle personality.

His eyes wiggled at Winley's vitriol.

"I don't know how you got here without knowing your place, but in a good word, you'd better go back to the kingdom..."

The action was faster than the horse.

That crazy stone stand officially insults my brother, forgetting that this is the place where many countries officially gather.

Still, it seemed like there was a division of construction before, but it hasn't been very far-fetched since I planted the sun in my head.

I rolled the middle finger round so that others could not see it, so my thumbed up the pores very weakly.

To a mad bastard.

[Mute Craftsman]

[Target wind]

Bam!

"Oh, my God!"

A hawk is a medicine.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

The sight of the boy bouncing out in an instant and rolling on the floor made the eyes of the noble Young-ae who was next to him open.

At the same time, countless eyes were on them.

If someone suddenly screams and rolls around the floor in the atmosphere of a quiet banquet, you will have no choice but to look.

But no one noticed that he was blown away by my actions.

It was a very short moment, a secret attack.

In addition, all that is next to Kalus was his partner, Young-ae, the aristocrat, so it seemed to me that Kalus performed a one-man show alone.

"I'm out of my mind now that I'm in another country."

"Gosh... what... what is this?"

He must have suddenly felt the air in the air hitting him.

"Davie... you lowlife... ..."

Kalus' eyes, with a deep frown and a painful groan, are full of disgust and contempt.

Like, I'm up there.

What should I say to the head of a stone who has fallen on the floor and has yet to grasp his situation?

Of course, sometimes actions have a bigger impact than words.

Without a word, he raised his finger, pointed at the top of his head, and pointed at Kalus.

At the same time, the eyes of those who were watching this situation silently moved along my hand and fell in love with Kalus.

"Poof..."

"Hmm!"

At the same time, laughter resounded here and there, and someone had a bitter cough.

Only then did he notice that something was wrong.

After sitting absentmindedly, Kalus realized that his head was blank and soon realized that a wig covering the sun had fallen in front of him.

It was for a moment that the scalp, which was exposed smooth by the light of the chandelier, reached everyone's eyes in the banquet hall.

Well, yes, there's a sun in your head.

"Huh?!"

His expression turning pale is also a real momentary occurrence.

Reflexively raising his hand and covering his head, his face begins to turn red and blue.

I'd like to plead something, but his brilliant mind was already visible to everyone.

The sun is asleep on the head of a young boy who is not yet in his 20s!

He was hesitating with a sullen face, biting his teeth, scrambling to get up, overwriting the wig, and jumping out of the banquet hall as if running away.

"Cursing hair loss was a better way than I thought."

The curse you've planted will be a trauma.

That soft sun won't go away until I've collected the curse.

And I don't want to solve the curse even if I die.

Let's put the same curse on Queen Benedict and Queen Lynette.

I thought so, but I shook my head soon.

Confused by the sudden situation, they soon returned to their original appearance as if they understood even though they wondered when Kalus ran away.

In the end, it seemed to them that the little prince's bitter happening was beyond their interest.

A little absurd, but they are experts in self-care.

In addition, Kalus has only the title of prince, so it is a natural result.

"Did he do it?"

As I approached, Winnie asked in a rather perplexing voice.

"I don't think I'm going to be picky about what I can say if I just leave it alone."

"Huhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

"But you're pretty good with Davy."

In the end, Illina smiled as she approached Ullis, apparently watching the situation.

"That prince, Kalus, has a very bad relationship with you. You're just letting it go?"

"No way. Sooner or later, a cornered rat will do a lot of work."

Illina sighed as if she realized what I meant.

"What are we going to do about this psycho...

"Winley, if you don't mind, would you like to dance with me?"

In the meantime, Ullis held out one hand and bowed his head to Winnie without losing his soft smile.

Those who were drawing attention to the two guests of the banquet looked quite surprised when Ullis suddenly asked Winley to dance.

Then he seemed surprised again that Winnie was looking more beautiful than he thought.

I just smiled and nodded at the sight of Winnie looking at me.

Winley thought he had a heart for him, but he helped him in time.

"Well... I look forward to your kind cooperation."

At my permission, Winnie smiled brightly and held Julius's hand, even though she had a questionable look on her face.

"You look pretty embarrassed. Prince Davy."

"It's not a place that suits my taste. Lady Hwang."

As they talked as if they were acting, she erased her cold expression for the first time and smiled.

"The first day is just a preview. If you don't want to overdo it, you'd better go in. The auction you want is tomorrow."

I'd like to take her word for it.

On the other hand, watching my younger brother dancing with Ullis in each other's hands, I just wanted to watch a little more.

"Let's take a look."

"Then I'll take a little rest..."

Illina, who sighed briefly in a tone that could not hide her tiredness, pushed a glass of wine lightly into me.

"Would you like a toast, prince?"

"I feel nauseous, so I quit acting I didn't want to."

"You son of a gun."

Cheers!

The glass crashed and a clear sound rang out.

"What about that little silver golem girl?"

I think you're talking about Lünne.

Although he was in his late teens, it was true that he looked very young because of his small physique.

"I left it because you wanted to see the neighborhood."

I put him on standby just in case, but he's very curious, so there's a high possibility that he's probably wandering around.

It would be difficult to get caught, but his hiding ability was quite good.

"By the way, I can't see the main character of this banquet."

"Are you interested?"

People around me seemed quite surprised to see Ilina and I talking, but there was no one approaching easily because of her unique atmosphere.

"Eria Alindis, the Empress. I heard that you became an adult this year as the youngest daughter of the Lindis Empire."

"Have you never met him?"

"I think I've seen you when you were young, but you've been in the Holy Land for years. You know, it's extremely rare for people in Sungkuk to have such a banquet."

I remained silent on Illinois' explanation.

Yikes! Shake!

It was then.

Speak of the devil and he will come.

"Arya Ali Lindis, the Queen Mother, eats."

The main character of the banquet finally began to appear over the open door with the voice of the old butler, who was neither big nor small.

As I heard, the banquet was to announce that she returned from the Holy Land with the coming of age ceremony of the youngest daughter.

In the Lindis Empire, where the custom of treating the Sioux as a mixed-race nation remains, it is impossible to avoid the cold rice, but the emperor seemed to root out the idea of treating the Sioux by using her as her.

"He's..."

Then, I stopped what I was doing and squinted at the sight of the girl.

"Do you know each other?"

I shook my head quietly as if I wasn't surprised to see him ask.

We don't know each other exactly. All I had to do was pass through the forest.

White gloves and a light, antique dress covering the neck.

Lastly, even the white mask that covers your face.

Without her bright turquoise hair and Suin people's unique ears, she would not have recognized her.

"By the way... he said he got sick and couldn't show his bare skin... ..that must have been real."

Her words made me nod my head quietly.

Davey, it's the disease.

'That's the boy the Baron Gourneo was talking about. But I think it's been quite a while, but didn't you get treatment?'

It can't be unless the virus has mutated because it has an unusual constitution.

The presence of the girl, who shrank subtly but forced herself to walk in confidently, attracted everyone's attention.

Those who heard the news seemed curious about the existence of the youngest daughter, whom Emperor Lindis loved most.

Besides, she's never been seen in public before.

Because of it, I could see that aristocrats began to gather at her in an instant.