130 # 130

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the sixth and third volumes

Silence lasted a long time.

I know. It's true that the guy who was beating drums and janggu and making a lot of fuss on his own collapsed, so I have nothing to say.

What's important is that his body doesn't feel a handful.

It's obvious that he's an ordinary person.

As I was looking at his body in a strange way, I suddenly frowned at the flood from beyond the ceremony.

Even if I didn't get to change my skin, I've never been this sleepy.

Davey? Davey!

As I listened to Persek's cry, I stood up, shaking off my half-closed eyes.

Then, as he tried to move, he fell flat.

This languid and warm horse.

And a little peculiar and mysterious divinity that began to permeate the whole body.

Oh, this.

I think I know what it is.

You're coming in without a blink.'

Unlike the general divine power, there is only one existence in the world that expresses a higher level of divine power with a higher density.

* * *

Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam!

a refreshing bugle

a warm and cool breeze

The sunset sky that makes the snow warm.

a staircase leading to heaven and a gate with a white glow at the end

"It`s a lame staircase to heaven."

Mumbling blankly, I grabbed my head with one hand and frowned.

That's why you shouldn't step on landmines.

It seems that the man, who is believed to be a two-dimensional operator, appeared in front of me in the end, the will of God to create this situation, that is, the flow.

There must have been something about the beautiful sound of trumpets that fascinated the general public.

But it wasn't entirely unfamiliar to me.

I think it's a place you've been to when you first met the divine power.

Flapping...

"I knew it."

As I raised my head with a cold face, mysterious creatures of about five or six began to approach me from the huge white light at the top of the stairs.

The exterior was clearly similar to an angel.

However, there were no features on the face, nor did there exist manuscripts on the head like Lünne, who was the messenger of God.

Without eyes, nose, or mouth, they came very slowly as if they were smiling at me, which was sacredness itself.

Soon the angel, who had come all the way to me, reached out slowly and very gently and put his hand on my head.

Whoo...

As the warm divine power began to permeate the whole body, the established divine power began to break slightly with some resonance.

At the same time, I began to feel a subtle foreign object in my hand, which I had not felt before.

It feels like a warm stone when touched.

Without a word, I raised my hand and looked down at my hand, and I saw a small stone that gave off light light light.

Whoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!

At the same time, my dreamy will twisted in a moment and popped out of the calm water.

"Ahhhhahhhhhhhhhhhh.

It was as if I were holding my breath and exhaling it, but I stared blankly at my hand without thinking about it.

There was a stone there that gave off a mysterious energy that had never been seen before.

Davey! What's the matter? What a sudden fall!

I'm blank when I see her screaming in embarrassment. murmured bewitchingly

"Now do I'm getting a kick out of my mind."

A complete correspondence different from the one achieved with the help of daphne, a saint, in a spirit state.

Is it because of the aftermath?

I feel languid.

* * *

I feel as heavy as running on electricity for almost hundreds of kilometers without a break.

Persec asked me again if I was okay, but I just wanted to fall asleep right now.

Davey? Davey!

I'm sorry, but let's sleep for another five minutes.

Wait another 10 hours after that 5 minutes.

My muttering must have gone out of my mouth, Persek sighs as if he is dumbfounded.

...yes, sleep tight.

She grabbed me by the arm without a word and led me to bed, but couldn't take my eyes off easily.

He said the heaviest thing in the world is his eyelids.

a delirious

I feel like I've slept properly for the first time in a while.

When I came to my senses, it was already time for the new sun to rise after the day had passed.

Did you just wake up?

"How long have I slept?"

About eight hours.

Her words made me nod as if I were pondering.

"We lost two hours."

I was going to sleep exactly ten hours.

Don't be ridiculous and tell me. What the hell is that on your hand?

She seemed to care more about what was in my hand than what I did before I went to sleep or what was in my body.

"Well, this is what it is."

Only then did I notice the small foreign object I felt in my hand, and I was able to see the stone I was holding properly my hand.

When I just came back from my dream, I was so dizzy that I wanted to quit and go to sleep.

I've already slept well, and now I'm more sober than I thought.

"I'm not a manna, I'm not divine, I'm not a commander."

But is that the taste of spirits?

Nor is it if you do

The stone was a little smaller than the palm.

However, unlike ordinary stones, the surface of the stone was highly angled and the interior was mysteriously lit.

"If you just leave it, it would be good to use as a light. Like sleeping lights."

nonsense The power I feel in here is too big for that kind of use.

It was as she said.

I'm the best solver in this situation, staring silently at the stone with a playful expression on my face.

It immediately revealed the power of abyss.

Beep!

If you don't know anything, you're an intellectual.

[Cover]

[Sick]

[Resurrection only once the user's body collapses.]

[One remaining quantity]

[It can be used for engagement with enemies above special conditions, and whether it is used automatically or not.]

.....

"Oh, um...I mean."

Are you sick of it?

"God's gifts to the man he likes. I'm sick and tired of it."

It's not like you're supposed to be holding it like you're frying beans in a flash.

In the Bible, for example, the second saint said, "The stone of life I had was that kind of thing.

Clearly, the Bible states that God's will to pray for thousands of people was granted to the second generation through dreams with the power that condensed it over a hundred days.

beyond common sense

An amazing thing that goes beyond the laws created by God's will, which is the vortex of great power and will.

That's what I'm up to.

In fact, the effect of this stone named [Janbul] was surprising to me, too.

Although restrictions are attached to the existence of transcendental bodies and special restrictions on the existence and engagement, the extra life has also meant a lot to me.

Meanwhile, the accident suddenly stopped in one thought.

"Kang Moo-hyuk, where's this guy?"

I jumped up and ran into a room where he was asleep, and soon I checked the neatly emptied room and touched my forehead with one hand.

"Wow, this."

I feel like I was hit hard on the back of the head.

"Hey."

"Did you call me?"

"Where's the guy from here?"

The maid, who was moving the laundry to my question, tilted her head.

"I'm sorry, Prince. I don't know what you're talking about."

"The one who's been sleeping here for a few days."

"I'm sorry...This room has been empty since a few days ago."

Oh, my God, don't you remember?

It's not that I can't remember. I'm sure he wasn't there at all.

Kang Moo Hyuk.

I think this guy is not have devoured large tracts of the level of the guy on Earth.

God-made.

designed to bring me into a new dream

an imaginary being

Contact with him would have given me the key to entering the dream without my knowledge.

To attract my attention, there's nothing but the fate of my past life.

"You're my god, but you're absolutely right."

You, you'll be punished.

"What do you know, I'm not kidding."

I am a body that received God's curiosity and attention.

Be loved by God, but not by God.

Therefore, we cannot expect consideration from God.

It was also one of my weaknesses, not my only weaknesses, which I had carved while receiving divine magic training from the first saint Daphne.

It is also a famous anecdote in the Bible that a faithful believer, who has served God all his life, met a deceased God's messenger one day, followed him and found the Holy Land.

What would be the difference between what the Bible says and what I have experienced now?

It is impossible to avoid the feeling of being too generous for those who are usually faithful in the Holy Land to experience at least one thing throughout their lives.

"Why are you pushing me so hard?"

Although I feel a sense of insecurity.

Considering the result, it is not a loss.

"New items are always welcome!"

My eyes turned to the bed as I said so.

Until the previous day, a boy who was about a middle school student was sleeping on the bed.

"Except for you."

Without hesitation, Kang Moo-hyuk decided to forget about it, as if there was no one.

I feel like I want to decline the delirious new dream.

* * *

The aftermath of Shin Mong came like a hangover and completely disappeared.

The alien feeling that had disappeared neatly can't be remembered now, but it certainly wasn't a lie.

"Huh? Brother? What's that?"

This is the proof of God's dream, and God's gift to me.

As he repeatedly threw and received a small fire without a word, Winley looked at the small fire as if it were marvelous.

"It's like watching a warm fire. It's small, but it's very warm."

WINRI's eyes, which are blurred at the end of the speech, are subtly blurred.

I heard you're naturally possessed.

Reflectively, the small fire was pushed into the expansion pocket, and when he flicked his finger in front of his face, the eyes began to swing again in the hazy pupils of Winnie.

"Hot! What was I doing?"

I thought I shouldn't show it to others.

What should we do with this petting pot?

While thinking about it, I remembered a theory that I had heard from Odin, a wizard teacher, in the corridor.

"Hold on, you can die and come back?"

Without any restrictions?

That means I can reconstruct my body to my taste.

My eyes opened wide.