136 # 136

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 9 of the Sixth Book

It'slowly.

Stuck.

Of course, even if she couldn't find it, it didn't mean that the human being would disappear.

You know the situation was ridiculous just now, but they were as still as long-trained assassins.

His presence is very faint and it is difficult to grasp the characteristics of his opponent properly.

Obviously, at present, this space can only be described as strange.

ﬁrrrﬁ...

With their arms pulled out and slowly approaching as if they were surrounded, Ilina blew up Manna all over her body, raising her spirits to the fullest.

"I don't know who you are, but the crime of hurting the Knights of the Reinforce Alpha is never light."

Even if she's not a master of work, she's the first genius.

She was also strong enough to almost never catch up with one-on-one among her classmates.

In fact, the air she was exhaling was a density force not seen by many expats.

But whoever they were, I was thinking about something else.

"Ilina, take the rest of the golem and go where the apprentices are."

"What?"

"There's no guarantee that the apprentice will be safe if the knights are killed. So hurry up and go. I'll open the way."

Speaking in an urgent voice, Illina nodded as if she had thought of another apprentice.

The decision must have contributed to my belief in the power I have.

"Don't get hurt. It can't be, but run if you think it's dangerous."

What do you mean, bounce? That's what the dusk says.

It was not surprising to see her without hiding anything she had shown me in the first place.

Of course, the black lobsters will come out to stop her, as if they have no intention of watching her leave.

In that sense, it would be right to clear the way if you said you would.

"Lune."

Ask for permission to apply the new equipment."

"As you please."

New equipment?

Her only weapon I knew was the unusual-looking equipment that was summoned on both hands and weapons such as giant cannons.

But I suddenly wondered that there was something new.

a slurring sound

And that curiosity quickly evaporated when he saw the weapons he was building.

"That's... well."

A crowbar?

an iron ball in the shape of a flagpole

You can't pull out a roe deer'

Lünne's evil weapon made me feel like I was sweating.

"Was Farou a weapon?"

"Lune, the idea of weapons embodies the strongest pieces of knowledge in David's memory. and adoption, among which Lünne appreciates Paru."

The man, who proudly declared with a heavy iron lever, soon shone blue in his eyes.

Whoo...

At the same time, as the circular ring floating above his head spins quickly to emit light, a light particle began to pass on the surface of his wings and the particles of light began to permeate the front of Paru.

Did he notice something strange about Lünne's behavior that started to emit light on his own?

Those who noticed the strange quickly rushed to attack Lünne, but Lünne's movement was a little faster, lifting his left foot lightly.

"Lunne, very high! Evaluation!!"

Boom! Boom! Boom!

A huge crack arose when a man with a firm grip on Paru, which had sufficiently absorbed particles of light, rolled his left foot strongly, followed by a series of powerful blue light explosions.

Cargagagagak!!

"That's great."

I can't get rid of my puzzled expression.

What principle is his weapon made up of?

Surely that paru is also an ordinary metal tool made of alloys that accept mana well.

However, as soon as I heard it in his hands and resonated, it became nuclear.

Before I knew it, I caught the sword of Inyoung of Rob, who dug behind me, but my eyes were fixed on Lünne, not the one who attacked me.

"Oh, my God..."

Illina opened her eyes when she saw parts of the area flying away leaving behind a huge crater.

"You idiot, don't you go fast?"

"Oh! You have to be safe!"

Illina, who came to her senses after my beating, lowered herself low and began to leave the area.

Enemies rush to block her from running away, but Lünne's para, which has charged up the particles again, separates the air.

Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!

She quickly left the area after another huge explosion.

Of course, they tried to chase them as soon as they weren't fools.

"Don't move, I can't guarantee this man's life if I take one more step from there."

I shouted with my thumb pressed on the back of one of Rob's pre-overdue arms.

"I don't care what happens to the hostage!"

"......."

There is a chill of silence.

There's a dagger in my heart... no, not this one.

Their very occasional eyes over the hood looked as if they were looking at a madman.

You mean they're not just emotionless assassins.

Then there would be nothing else better to drag on than a hostage crisis.

"Oh, no, no."

"Gasp!"

Lünne blinked as she overpowered him again, trying to get away from me.

"New crowd control technology, Lünne. It's very efficient."

"Don't do this."

"Inexplicably, ask for an explanation."

I said it calmly, but I didn't say any more.

If that man, who lacks a certain amount of human values, goes on a hostage situation, it will be a real disaster.

"I'll check a few things and let you go."

Then I flipped over the man's hood that was overpowering and asked.

"Are you the Knights of the Reinforce Alpha?"

The knights' enemies are not human beings but beasts.

But is there anyone who wants to come here and attack the knights?

Even the existence itself is hidden.

In the end, these are scattered seeds that leak from inside the Reinfos Alpha. The only answer was that they were those who knew about the existence of the Knights and attacked them.

"Do you think I'm going to say it?"

I grinned at the sight of him shouting with a grim expression.

"Everyone has a reasonable plan and pride."

"What?"

"Until you get married."

Power is also good, but it is also delicious to listen to it directly.

Flaming!

[Strongly evolved]

[The Black Magic Curse]

[Combiner]

[Suspicious fire]

Torture flames, which were previously used during vampire pedkids, have reappeared.

Oh, who called this Satan?

Of course, he exploded before he could spit out all the information, but they didn't think such a ban would be on the line.

"After all, I completely threw it away because I looked down on my opponent.'

I'much...

His face was frozen with fear at the presence of a dark purple flame that began to glaze in my hand.

"You... you cruel man!"

"Don't worry, you won't die."

Haha. I laughed and tapped him on the shoulder and erased the smile for a moment.

"And you cut off dozens of healthy people, and you're not satisfied with that, and you're just pointing your sword at me. Is it cruel?"

Flaming!

"Kkkkkkkhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!""

You would have noticed that it was not a normal fire as soon as it touched it.

To inflict a severe storm of pain without burning one's opponent.

He knew the extent to which he felt the most terrible pain when he attacked and where he attacked, just like the magic of learning that has delved into the body of life.

If you tried to kill me, you should have known that you could die.

He tried desperately to struggle, but he was caught and overpowered, so it is not easy to struggle.

Why didn't you stop your body from moving?

This is how the visual effects are maximized.

"You cruel bastard!!"

Perhaps he couldn't bear to watch the man screaming and foaming at me.

Some of the humans in black robes came at me quickly.

However, their attack was completely thwarted by Lünne, who became a flash and kicked them away.

"Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God."

"Let's point out one thing."

They seem to have been mistaken for some time.

"You can't run away from here anymore."

Don't be so lucky you got me. The sin of blocking my way is great.

"Here we go again. Hang in there with your teeth. He couldn't last five minutes."

Fear was young on the face of the man who was suppressed by my gruesome laughter.

in a blaze

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! I'll tell you! I'll tell you!"

His desperately screaming and struggling, I didn't stop and stuck fire of interrogation all over his body.

He wants to go crazy, but he can't go crazy, so his mind is probably blank.

With a satisfactory flame, I smiled satisfactorily at the man gasping and trembling.

"I didn't get a new record."

I know you've been caught, but this fire isn't a long-lasting system.

"Okay, let's ask them again. Are you the knights of the Reinforce Alpha?"

In fact, this was the most important part.

Shouldn't we know whether it is an external enemy or an internal enemy?

He gritted his teeth and glared at me as I urged him to answer.

However, he seems to be unable to hide his fear.

"We..."

"That's not going to work."

Hurry up!

It was then.

The driver's body, which slowly opened its mouth, heard a gruesome sound of flesh and blood, and his neck fell off.

At the same time, intangible energy hit me all over the body, and I left the man who became a corpse without any choice.

"......."

Then I looked down at my trembling hand without a word.

This man's body is so fragile that he's sick.

"Everyone back off. Now get down to your original plan."

"......."

At the sudden voice of a man who fought, the surviving members of the other black robes quietly bowed their heads and disappeared.

The direction itself was rather the opposite of what I and Illinois had come to.

"It's your first time meeting you, Davey. Are you an apprentice?"

A man in the antique Reinfos Alpha Knights suit.

At first glance, the depth of his power was different from that of other prosecutors.

"I'm sorry, but you, I need you to stop running wild."

The words made me laugh.