139 # 139

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 12 of the Sixth Book

Watching Davies disappearing without a trace, Treb could feel his body collapsing as it was barely holding up.

The art of exchange is not all-round. He sacrificed too much to subdue some of the giant transcendental bodies called shandra.

From the fact that it was possible in the first place, we can see how fraudulent his abilities were.

"Curl... ..Curl! Cloak!"

His blood-stopping condition had been ruined.

However, I couldn't die now.

If you die here, everything goes down in smoke.

The goal of his life was clear. He is commanded to carry out his orders.

For him, who grew up under orders from the time he recognized his surroundings, other choices were not worth considering.

But I was subtly in a bad mood. He did not cling to this job desperately by killing his partner to feel this way.

"Why aren't you doing anything?"

Davey, completely frozen and powdered in the Bresse, must be dead.

But Trev looked strangely still at Lünne.

Considering her personality, it wouldn't be weird to run around right away.

"Davie, you're not dead."

Lünne, who had been standing absent-mindedly from the beginning, stood still, just silent, when asked by Treb.

"Your master is dead. It's powdery without a trace on the brain."

"Lune, I'm sure Davey isn't dead."

"Are you not going to kill me?"

"Davie's share. "Lünne, it's a very important thing to avoid."

"......."

How can he kill himself if he's already dead?

Is it just that he doesn't want to admit his death?

Thinking so, Trev soon began to control Shandra, who was about to jump again, and let her move again.

Now all the distractions have been sorted out of course.

What's left is to make a strong leash that can control the shandra even if you die.

I couldn't have died before.

Although it was difficult to calm Shandra, who was furious with more resistance than expected, he succeeded in calming him down without difficulty due to the strength of the brainwashing that he had built up.

It was already a monster among monsters, so I could see that Davy's right foot and shoulders slowly regenerated.

"In the end, it's dog death."

He walked past Lünne following the muttering Shandra.

Despite his appearance, Lünne didn't catch him until the end.

I just calmly faced the direction in which Davy disappeared.

* * *

traces of the white-frozen Bresse

The coldness so severe that no life could survive that just being around made the whole body feel like it was freezing.

However, whether it was because it was a biological golem or because it was the base, Lünne waited silently in the traces of Bresse.

There was no great object to come here because of the huge transcendental body.

Eventually, it became a quiet place with only one ant baby left.

For Lünne, Shandra's control method and the purpose of the Knights were irrelevant.

I was just waiting.

Her owner placed more importance on the job than a small promise like an examination.

Whoo...

And when that silence lasted about 10 minutes.

Lünne slowly got up when she found a glimmer of light on the spot where Davey disappeared.

"Davie, viability. highly appreciated Also, it is judged that it has changed completely. Large amount of force is flowing, at least 10 times as much as before. We can't measure more than that."

There was no answer, but Lünne was a satisfied face.

Argh! Argh!

He didn't have anything to do until a while ago.

The place where there were only two swords left by Davy suddenly began to glaze and particles of light began to gather in the air.

Then, it began to create a body, as if it were a small fire falling from a torch.

He is in his early 180s.

His strong physique was definitely a man's physique

It was none other than the familiar face of Davy who slowly began to unite in the form of the first without a stitch.

His left arm, which he lost while fighting with Shandra Minnea, showed up without any problems.

I'm sure there's a huge spiral of power moving, and why it's so quiet.

The calmness of Davy as if he had become the eye of a typhoon, and Lünne just waited for him to open his eyes without a word.

Then, as soon as his body was completely complete, he slowly opened his mouth.

"Lunne, David's body is determined to be very strong."

"That's sexual harassment."

Then, slowly opening his eyes with her words, he grinned and muttered.

"It's a relief that I had a change of heart before I got older. Wouldn't it be a problem if you get old and harden your outward appearance?"

Above all, it is only sad that liberation is finally coming from the active market activities that have been forcibly suppressed.

Even if we change our appearance, nothing will change. I don't know the meaning. Also, I think there's a good side of David's short knowledge of the U.S.-China years."

Looking at him laughing and talking playfully, Lünne raised his finger silently and pointed at Davy.

Where her fingers were headed was Davy's crossroads, where she stood naked.

"Lunne, David highly appreciates your confident attitude. However, it is very low to be so open."

"What, dude?"

"Lunne, sensing a highly harmful virus coming in from visual information. Require formatting as soon as possible."

It is not enough to close your eyes tightly, but it covers your eyes with both hands.

He struck his fist in the air with a cold look on his face in discontent.

Quasitic!

At the same time, the air is broken and cracks begin to occur.

A six-circle wizard, commonly known as a sodmaster and equivalent, is a magic of space reconstruction that cannot be imitated.

so-called empty pockets

7 Circle space magic.

subspace

It is a magic that few of the few sorcerers known on the continent are available.

The mere expression of such subspace magic seemed to have achieved most of its purpose.

Later, without hesitation, he pushed his hand into it and pulled something out.

It was none other than ordinary black clothes that were taken out by hand.

"Oh, the old subspace opens up here, too. What would have happened if all the pockets of space expansion had evaporated?"

Debbie, wearing a robe that looks very precious to look at, smiled playfully and took a small medicine bottle out of the subspace and inhaled it.

It was a mysterious drug that glows on its own.

Then he started to smile and talk to the air.

"Oh, this? Elixir (God's Tears)."

* * *

Perhaps thanks to the few drops of the Elixir, the body returns to its top condition quickly, while the mind becomes poor.

Oh, that's how you got the Elixir.

Eh......Elixir? What do you mean...

"I got it as a gift, too."

In fact, there are not many things in his subspace, but there are quite a few good things in his own way.

The casual clothes I'm wearing now look fine, but...

Only a few hundred layers of magic are included in this section.

"Where should I test it?"

Familiarly, when the sleeve ends are pulled out and torn out, some of the torn fabric on the fingertips suddenly turns into particles, and sticks back to the sleeve and returns to its original shape.

It is a form of memory.

In other words, recycled fabric is a very extremely rare item.

When the cloth is torn apart, the torn area is disassembled and then returned to its original position and is realized again.

Nearly 70 percent of the magicians added to this function are magicians, so it is hard to know how high the work is.

There were countless heroes in the corridors and they can trace their memories and embody many things.

However, if it wasn't a material that was made for a remarkably long time like the bones of ancient dragons that I've dealt with before, there was little stored in my subspace.

"Oh, there is, there is."

"Lune, unable to analyze the metallic components of the weapon. Require new information."

"The new Longinus. It's made of Helixium."

Whispering, I pulled something long wrapped in cloth out of the subspace.

Then he smiled at the long-lost object he had been missing.

It's one of the few things I can keep in the subspace in a corridor that Surt, a teacher of my field skills, presented to the great emperor Astrea, who was a native of the Conquest of the Bordeaux.

His speciality is none other than singing.

From jangchang to dangchang.

The Grand Spear Master is known to have reached the stage of his life.

It's his post-mortem pet and now I'm the owner.

Sadly, Khaldiras, the Sword of Sert, or Hongdan, which I completed, is not a self-made weapon like Chengdan, but the metal forming this window was never light.

Helixium River.

The conductivity of mana is five times higher than that of the duck harkon, which is called the metal of God, and its hardness and elasticity are similar to that of the refined adamantium.

It literally means that the window is so heavy that it accepts Manna in ignorance and is strong and is strong and dirty.

Of course, it was true that this window with a simple image was modified a little while riding on my hand.

Looks like a cross.

The spear, which has a sharp blade like a cross, can also be used as a prosthetic, but it is nothing like this as a catalyst to boost divine power.

"I'll see you later, and I'll finish what I'm doing first."

It's time to deal with the things that have been put off as the business here has no longer been done.

I put the blue dan in a small house and kept it in a subspace because of the use of a large amount of sacred power, and I expressed my power on the surface of the new longinus.

Beep!

Name: Shinchang Longinus

Status: Awakening state.

Shape : A transformed window that remembers a certain form.

Length: 2m 10cm

Weight: 80 kg

Current Form: Cross Form

Material: 100% Helicium steel.

Details. :

A man called the god of a great blacksmith created a weapon for his friends for 500 years in a hero's corridor.

Since then, Davey, a disciple of the 1,000-day field, has succeeded in improving himself.

Self does not exist.

Memorize the three forms.

The first form. Divine Cross.

The second type. Jukchang.

Third form. Blue Dragon Eonwoldo.

Possesses the nature of eternal immortality (absolutely unbreakable).

The conductivity of energy exceeds five times that of the Oryharcon.

Have unique abilities in each form.

It's the first time I've checked the information myself, but at this point, Astrea gave me something huge.

Do you have any other weapons?