135 # 135

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 8 of the Sixth Book

Lolrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr

As the remaining energy of Mattan, which had been pouring out continuously, stopped as if the coal had run out, Megatron stuck their bodies relentlessly and tied them with a strong steel cord prepared in advance.

The gunfire of that note, each foot with firepower of a machine gun, was so received that the people who were playing it without dying were certainly different from the usual trolls.

Regenerative power is dozens of times more than regular trolls.It's more than freaky, it's more like horror.

Wastes mutated in the Mascape are often mutated by the power of transcendental bodies, which are usually powerful in wild monsters.

Another analogy is that monsters that have been exposed to radioactivity for a long time have been transformed.

It could be said that it was the horse-riding horse-riding horse-riding.

Fortunately, as much as the regenerative power has improved, the weaknesses are noticeable and the combat capability is slightly lower.

Lightly treading on the barely piled snowfield for a blizzard, I opened my mouth to the crystal ball.

"How many points is this?"

"They get 100 points for each bottle of blood. We've taken over 60 bottles from the blue trolls we've captured. It's going to be over 6,000 points."

I nodded satisfactorily at the answer from beyond the crystal ball.

"The cut-line is 5,500 points. Let's stop here."

"You're not going to catch any more? It hasn't been half a day since we started our mission. I think we need to raise the score, so I'm sure there's a merit."

"You don't have to overdo it. Rather save your energy at that time."

Illina did not refute what I said with a subtly sulky look.

"Then what do we do? This is the end of the second test. It's because you're so ridiculous, but it's not easy to capture and collect blood. I'm sure the other pairs are still in a daze."

It was certainly true that, as she said, Illinois and my fair finished the test at a ridiculous rate.

Using a sniper, search and pull out the blue troll.

And when Illina, who holds Caldiras, who has been tainted with divine power, lures them and sends them to me, that note and Megatron overpower them and capture them.

Afterwards, he approaches slowly and collects blood.

The method itself seems a little tricky, but it was certainly a great speed considering my position in taking the test with only alchemy.

"Well, by the way, you're really good at tracking. What kind of hunting have you done? What are you so used to?"

"I'm not good at tracking, so if I starve for nearly a month, I naturally improve."

Usually, if a person starve for a month, he or she becomes very crazy and jump up and down.

When Hercules, a survival expert who first trained me, threw me into the forest without any knowledge.

I didn't have much power at that time.

These small abilities were bound to increase naturally as they were struggling to live.

There's a scorpion.

What? Poisonous?

It's okay. If you don't die after eating, everything is my protein.

You haven't eaten for nearly a month? What did you do?"

"I don't remember much, so let's just cover it up here."

Ilina sat on the stump, her mouth twitching at my words.

"Be honest. I heard you've been in a coma for more than six years. Did you lie about being in a coma and stay somewhere else?"

It's useless to be sharp.

This is why I don't like kids who are quick-witted.

"It's true he was in a coma. I got shot by an arrow from the Kalus."

Her eyes frown at my words.

"Carlus... 2 princes of your country?"

"Yeah, man."

"Oh, my God... you shot an arrow at my brother?"

Why are you so angry when it's not your business?

"I know he's a bad guy, but it's more than I imagined!"

It is not that there is no secret struggle between royalty, but the fact that he shot an arrow at Jae-hyung seemed to look different.

In my position, it's either poison or archery.

Her eyes flashed as she was bracing.

"And you're holding it in? Why don't you ask me? Let me help you. Although I don't like using the power of the Empire, the Empire has that power."

"Who told you you'd hold it in?"

"What?"

"The problem is going well without any problems, so don't worry."

Everything needs to be well prepared to have fewer variables. The world doesn't go my way.

"Still..."

"I hope you won't let me meddle in the Palan Empire."

It was a joke, but Illina seemed to take it quite seriously.

"Davie, no matter how strong a man is, he fought the army..."

It was then.

"That's weird."

When I suddenly stopped walking and looked around, Illina stopped walking.

"Strange? What?"

"It's been a while since the English surroundings... ..we're used to it."

As I was talking, I stretched out my hand.

Then he grabbed Ilina's neck, which was tilting his head, and pulled it into his arms.

"Huh?"

Then he hugged her as if he were overpowering and closed her mouth.

"Hush."

"Huh!!Huh?!?"

I was so embarrassed that I was able to sense a subtle sense of deja vu as I looked around with a red face overpowered her.

"There is a similar set of scaffolding in the headquarters of the Knights."

It feels like a hallucination.

"What?"

The degree was so weak that I didn't feel any sense of deja vu.

As soon as he noticed the existence of the crystal, some of the senses that had been ruined had not returned.

It would not be easy to implement it other than near the headquarters of the Knights, efficiently and in terms of management, but why is such a framework here?

"This way."

Suddenly, when I turned around and moved quickly, Ileina caught up with Caldiras and quickly followed him.

Caldiras' bag seemed to neutralize the scaffolding with the power of the Shingam.

"What's this smell... ..rrrrrrrrrr!"

You must have followed me for a long time.

Mumbling at the terrible smell that suddenly started to poke her nose, she closed her mouth.

a deadly inclination

Blood has begun to smell so strong that dozens of people, not just one or two, bleed at the same time.

If he didn't notice the existence of the determination and didn't notice the origin, he would have just passed it.

Standing silent on the tree, I soon frowned at the horrors that were taking place in the open space not far away.

"The Knights of the Knights, what the..."

Dozens of fallen men and women were all dressed in the same costume.

A clean yet simple conquest of the official Knights of the Reinforce Alpha.

Clearly, the examiners who were protecting the apprentices from afar were clear.

Paang!!

As soon as I checked the surrounding situation, Illina immediately approached the rolling knights in a bloodbath.

It seemed like he was trying to save anyone alive.

They're all dead.

The condition of the body was more devastating than expected.

Some of the bodies were almost buried in snow.

"I haven't been dead that long."

We have gathered this many knights here, and will it be possible to deal with all of them without making any noise?

There is no way to know if there was a Swordmaster-level presence among them, but even if it was an Expert-level, there was something unclear about killing them all without a sound.

"D... Is she dead?"

He tried to get his head together with a trembling voice, but he couldn't easily get out of the panic.

It's inevitable.

Even though she had never met them in person, they were seniors who had been eating together under one mission.

It is not that there is no exchange between formal knights and apprentices, so there are probably some people who have met her.

It was heartbreaking.

He tried to close the eyes of the cold frozen body without even closing his eyes, but his frozen body was not at his disposal.

It was then.

A faint groan was heard not far beyond the still misery.

"Davie! Survivor! There's a man alive!"

As she said, everyone is silent, but only one.

I could see a female driver's body shaking very intermittently, leaning her head against a tree.

"Stay there."

Having nailed her out of trouble, I quietly approached her side and slowly brought her index finger and middle finger to her neck.

Pulse is...

"Well, you're very healthy."

Don't worry!!!

Cargagagagak!!!

The horse must have started.

As soon as the woman, who was groaning like death, momentarily flinched, reflexively took the dagger out of her arms and put it in my neck.

Literally, the perfect line of assassination.

If taken as it is, it is a threatening attack that will split the carotid artery in half exactly.

but

In terms of assassin skills, I'm a few times older than him, and it's like wrinkling in front of me.

I know that it's hard to be beaten even if you don't know and it's hard to be beaten, too.

"What... what?"

It was rather her who was embarrassed when such a sound was heard without a doubt, even though it was not the sound of a sharp sword and a human hand being scratched.

She had been suspicious of whether she was alive just a while ago, but she was looking at me with a very normal face as if all the injuries were acting.

"Welcome, you've never seen a Geumgangsan Buddha before, have you?"

As soon as I held the sword as if I had snatched it with a vise, as soon as I laughed.

Lünne flew in like a flash and put an ignorant drop kick into the woman's side.

He is a true example of gender equality.

"Oh, my God!"

Of course, she must have been shocked as if she had been hit by a huge dump truck, with a man weighing more than 200 kilograms pulling in her strength.

It's a devastating force to kick, and that drop kick, like it's flying, knows how ignorant it is to be hit.

Is it normal for the average person to see a murderous attack as a child's spite?

Neat connection that seems to have been prepared for a long time!

Lünne, who almost flew in like a bead of iron tied to a crane and kicked her opponent, looked at me with her expressionless face, but her eyes twinkled.

The eyes are as if they want something.

"A missile drop kick. It's a very efficient and powerful attack."

"He, yeah, good job."

"Eham!"

Did you like my compliment so much?

The face of a man with his small hands on his waist and his chest straightened out was a model of satisfaction.

Even in some serious situation, he was as relaxed as a non-human person.

Perhaps it is because of the eccentricity of Lünne, who overpowered women in an instant, or made them porridge.

Very short silence encroaches on the surroundings.

"You don't have to pretend you don't know. Come on out."

A white snow field, a sea of blood on it.

I shouted into the air in the middle of the bizarre space, and Illina looked around with a look of caution.

However, it was hard to find the enemy's position, so he frowned and clenched his teeth.