138 # 138

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 11 of the Sixth Book

Shandra Minnea was originally a hero of the Corridor. It was one of Shane Scrift's heirs.

Of course, he was not part of the Tionis continent, so the probability of Shandra Minneas being here is actually extremely rare and should not exist.

But you said you should believe it if it's real.

He's in front of me.

Considering the object that has been living and strengthened for some time, it is a great man of ideas.

"Ho... ..to survive the blow of transcendentalism. Was it the Holy Grail that protected you a little while ago."

"......."

I breathed a sigh at him speaking slowly in the distance.

It would have been quite a blow if it wasn't for Shin Sung-ho, the seventh-tier sex wizard that he had hung before entering the forest.

I burst into laughter.

"I'm telling you, you've done something crazy. You know? Shandra Minnea is a massive immune system."

"I don't know what you're talking about."

That’s right.

Crazy is not just crazy.

Looks like the body of Shandra Minnea's body was removed from her body. When you see that the body of the body is like this, you don't have to look at the body of the body, and it's Blu-ray.

Crrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr...

As soon as the low guy cried, the surrounding air began to vibrate.

The giant powerhouse affects its surroundings just by leaving its mark.

If the main body's ability is Grandmaster-class Shandra Minnea, even the body with only a fraction of its power was likely to do so.

For a good example, the Duchy of Felisty, where I expressed the sanctuary of the Last Holy Wizard of the ninth order, has not yet disappeared from the aftermath of the Holy Land.

"I'm sorry... I'm so sorry. I can't help it. Trev, kill him."

"I will obey your orders."

Treb, who answers calmly and flashes his eyes, once again uses his ability to stimulate Shandra.

Shandra, who had been shouting like a resistance, twisted her body several times and started staring at me.

Normally, he wouldn't be weak enough to be caught by the exchange, but it seemed to be the cause of the strange contamination.

Looking at the scene satisfactorily, the driver turned around and quickly disappeared in the direction of the disappearance of other black lobes.

I had no doubt that I would be attacked by him.

I understand.

At the same time, his huge eyes were completely fixed on me and he opened his mouth wide.

Keying... Ging!!

Then, at the moment, a huge blue flash flew in.

an ultra-low-temperature brethren

The powerful attack, which could not be compared to the small laser that Lünne fired, was as powerful and cold as it was.

Bres, just by looking at the large hole in the mountain behind him at once, clearly proves to be a fraudulent destructive force.

"But it's not as weak as it was when we split parts of the ocean.'

The main body is like a grandmaster.

Fortunately, he didn't exert that much power I knew.

"Wow..."

Blue, your arms...

Even though I knew it, my body couldn't follow it, so the response was delayed.

I frowned at my left arm, which was completely frozen and completely crushed and powdered.

Of course, I had to miss the blue Dan that I was holding in my left hand, but fortunately, Chung Dan's body didn't seem damaged or damaged even if it was exposed to the brain.

It's not just a physical sword.

Davey, why are you...

"You don't think power is omnipotent."

If the opponent is that much, my ability becomes more important, apart from my power.

Bres is also a non-physical energy mass.

You'll be able to cut it off.

However, if that happens, my whole manna will be sucked out and gone through manna and become a mummy.

This is not right.

But I'm not the one to step down.

"What is this opportunity?"

Originally, he was about to find the remnants of the transcendent body or the enormous power he left behind, but if he is in front of his eyes, he doesn't have to do so.

Davey, please be careful! Watch out! Watch out!

Only one chance, now I'm confident to say I'm more cautious than anyone else.

For that, I have to.

"First of all, we eat him."

Transflexion is the result of the body being broken and reconstructed.

I never forgot one of the most important words I learned from the survival king.

There is nothing that man cannot eat.

It's just that my body can't hold out after eating.

If it is a shandra-like transcendent body, the power of the body is very intense and enormous. And, for humans, it's like a trade show.

It is a so-called perfect bomb.

* * *

Arghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

As the surroundings began to be weighed down with a huge roar, Lünne frowned for the first time.

The aftermath seemed to have been unusual when I saw a guy whose expression was not wrinkled no matter what, but he clenched his teeth like that.

It's not a transparent purpose.

Of course, the aftermath seemed insane not only to Lünne but also to Trev.

"Cough!"

As the pale man vomited a handful of black blood and flashed his eyes once again, a blue air began to flow all over Jiryong Shandra Minnea.

"We're almost there... ...and we're not going to fail anymore..."

"Funny sound."

"What?"

"Even if you falter right now, in a few days, your exchange won't work at all."

"My exchange is not weak."

"You're not weak. He leaked it."

Not to cut Trev off right now. His movements became quite unnatural in the barrel he barely controlled.

The pain is reduced a little, so I'll let it slide for a while.

He escaped the tail of the flying sonic boom and dug into his back, putting a fist wrapped around his back.

Hard scales must be shocked to cause cracks in the sword.

If you don't know that, you'll be beaten in reverse.

Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

You're half a monster, but you still feel pain.

The scales of the screeching, screaming and struggling to take me apart were stronger than I had imagined.

But when it comes to cutting, I'm the expert.

Having forcibly raised Manna to unleash Hongdan's power, I flew Hongdan precisely to a part of the scales of the slightly sunk one.

Whoooooo!

A very small wound sprang up and a speck of blood splashed into the air.

"I've fought after I ate the nuff, and I know it's so hard."

Of course, that was not enough. It is not easy to cut off even his scales with his physical ability and available power, which has been strengthened by buff magic.

Shandra Minnea has evolved over thousands of years.

Even if it is a replica, a monster like that is comparable to a dragon in ancient books.

Whirring! Serung...

I closed my eyes after I took a short breath after resting Hong Dan flying in the air on the only remaining arm.

"The Lord Priest, who looks at everything."

The most efficient buff is also divine magic.

"I'll overdo it, so your lamb will no longer walk in the dark."

If I lack strength, I can only borrow a little.

"Bring it around. All I want is your power."

Whoo...

As my prayers continued, my body began to react crazily.

The lazy divine power is one thing, but when God's will begins to grow, he becomes more passionate than any other power.

"Chung Dan, I'm borrowing your divine power."

It used to be Hongdan, but this time it's Cheongdan.

A large amount of divine power from the body of Qingdao began to react with the divine power in my body and cause a violent chemical reaction.

"The price..."

I slowly began to open my eyes as I recited the last prayer.

"Let's make a good agreement by doing some good deeds."

[9th Gastric Vocalization

[The Divine Interest Replica.

It's not to the last level of sexual magic, but it's definitely the ninth.

I haven't been playing and eating in the meantime.

Unlike other magic, the divine magic can create a miracle for a first-time believer with only divine power and proficiency.

That's why I expressed the last Holy Wizard God's sanctuary in Felisty.

Although the amount of divine power is incomparable to that of Caldiras.

I've already put my life on the line once, but I'd rather welcome the rebound!

Argh!!!!!!

The overwhelming divine power, which cannot be compared to before, was released behind my back, creating a white wing of enormous energy.

What looks like is cringe-worthy wings, but the power contained in them and the power linked to me will never be light.

The color of my vision began to change as the scar of the castle resonated in succession and the breathtaking divine power began to pass through my vision began to change.

My eyes, which were originally red, probably turned to platinum, called the eyes of God.

The 9th phase of the attack system, which borrows the fake wings of God.

He began to overlay dozens of magic without stopping there.

Whooooooooooooooooh!

"What's that......"

As more and more energy gathered in my body avoiding Shandra's attack, I could see the shock on Treb's face, which was watching from afar, but there was no time to pay attention to him.

If you miss the opportunity when it comes, there is really no answer.

As the unparalleled power passed through my body, I began to feel some satisfaction for the first time in a long time.

'It's a little short, but it doesn't matter.'

Thinking about it, I lit a huge oracle blade on the Hongdan that I held in my hand, and I immediately crushed the wings behind my back and changed them all into force.

At the same time, Shandra's huge front paws, which seemed to hit me, came down with enormous strength and weight.

It was not just a heavy foot strike, but a huge pressure containing his essence was felt inside.

[Complex improvisation.]

"This, this is not even real! Oh, come on!"

Without avoiding his attack with destructive force, I did not have an arm in one hand, so I used this sword to cross the sword.

[Detailed day]

[Jay I win the sword]

[Cruel twins]

Two huge double teeth that pierce the sky tear his front feet and pierce one shoulder as if tearing through the sky.

At the same time, all buffs on my body have disappeared at the end of its life, but its purpose has already been completed.

I didn't think I'd ever pierce Shandra's solid skin, so I could see Treb's wide open eyes.

What I'm going to show you now will be more absurd and surprising.

I quickly climbed up on the arm of a man screaming and raving, threw Hong Dan into the air and punched him in the shoulder of a man who burned his fist in his hand.

Pooch!!!

Then he tore off the flesh with red blood on it with red blood.

Arghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

Falling from the struggling man with a painful roar, I slid off the floor for tens of meters, but I never let go of the flesh of the man I had in my hand.

"Oh, that smells bad."

No matter how confident you are, you don't get offended.

Looking at the flesh, I eventually pushed it into my mouth without hesitation and chewed it and swallowed it.

Boom! Boom!

"Gasp!"

At the same time, the pre-prepared manas, which were spinning abnormally inside the body, resonated with it and began to exert enormous loads, and my body hardened as if it had become a stone and collapsed.

The body prepared in advance reacts violently as soon as it is not able to accept the unique power of the person who is raging in the flesh containing his power.

Then, I began to break down my body completely from the inside.

Davy!!!

In the screams of Persec, I caught Shandra in my eyes, slowly overcast vision.

Shandra, furious and furious, soon had a huge Bress in her mouth as if she were trying to erase me again.

I don't know why the pyrotechnic Shandra Minnea has a super-low temperature.

That's enough to smash my body at once.

If you don't hit properly, you'll get in trouble.

As soon as I could reach that thought, the ultra-low-temperature cold-air Bress completely devoured my body without a single error, and there, without stopping there, blew some of the mana without a trace.