134 # 134

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the seventh installment of the six volumes

Screaming in unimaginable pain, screeching and struggling, but now that I'm already in my hands, it's just a meaningless struggle!

The soft yet resilient taste of the hand, which is completely different from when you untie the muscles of Barris' body, is delivered.

It is a sad fact that soft women tend to massage rather than hard men.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

She was struggling desperately, but the power to resist whether she gradually lost strength in the continuous massage began to slowly fall.

And finally, there was a sweet breath from her mouth, not a painful moan.

"Sigh..."

Her eyes, drooping on the floor, forgetting her dignity and gasping for breath, are as empty as a virgin who lost everything.

On the contrary, I was excited by the taste of my hands.

"This is a very inappropriate scene."

At the same time, the space on the wall, where there was nothing, began to be seen slowly.

It was a non-visualizing ability made from the essence of alchemy, unlike the 5 circle magic, Invisibility.

It is revealed little by little that the efficacy of Deus Axe Makina, a living machine heart, is great.

one's own growth

Since the first awakening, Lünne has been constantly strengthening herself and awakening the secrets hidden inside to show new things.

"Davie, the joke is so nasty that it's analyzed."

"It was so tight that I could reach it. You had a hard time holding it in."

"Lünne, guess what good intentions are for you to do. In this regard, David's behavior, lack of consideration, Lünne, underestimate this."

"Is there any way to be considerate of me?"

"Davie, you're so reckless that you don't need to be considerate. possessing impudence Lünne, appreciate that very highly."

There is no hesitation in verbal abuse.

The guy who approaches me playfully and takes jerky looks like nothing.

Illina, who had fallen to the bottom of the cave and was gasping for breath, stared at me with tears on her face, as if she could not completely escape from the mysterious mood mixed with pain and subtle pleasure.

However, he soon closed his eyes as if he were sleeping, leaning his back against the cave wall, perhaps because of the languor that covered his whole body.

Flap!

Therefore, I opened the blanket of the supply box that I had prepared in advance and pulled up Manna and held her hand.

Whoo!

At the same time, tens of hundreds of magicians, who were distinctly different from when they used a human tint on the Korean coat, appeared one by one and began to overlap.

And when the light disappeared, the blanket, which began to emit light on its own, turned warm and soft as if it had been held by a man.

After I laid her asleep and covered her with blankets, I clapped and threw branches into the burning bonfire.

Are you nervous?

No matter what you say, it will eventually touch the transcendental body.

When the test reaches a certain level, I immediately stimulate the transcendental body to avoid the eyes of others.

It would be shocking if the upper part of the Knights heard it, but it was something I had to do as well.

'By the way, the names are very similar.'

Persecrech, who was looking at Lünne, who lay beside Illina and closed his eyes as if he had fallen asleep, asked quietly.

Is it similar?

'There were a few specialists in the corridor. One of them was a gentleman from another world called Shane Scrift."

a hero from the commoner

A person with special abilities who has made a long-lasting achievement against numerous enemies who have invaded the continent with the special power of summoner.

"Originally, he signed the contract and got three returnees. Originally, the recapture summoners were supposed to sign only one recapture in their lifetime, but the gentleman, in a strange way, signed three."

What exactly are they, recouping?

To her question, I put down my answer, wondering what to express the peculiar beings of recovery.

A person who can be changed any time according to his background and habit of his or her life.

A creature that kills an opponent and absorbs its power and evolves itself.

If you need a lot of snow, you need to evolve on your own, expand your eyes, and strengthen your toenail, so that it catches a hard enemy, absorbs it, and evolves itself.

As a result, it's a crude creature with no foundation.

It was also the most dangerous creature.

I can't believe you're continuing to make up for your weaknesses.

Needless to say, it is more vital than a cockroach that will pass on immunity to the next generation.

Is there something in this world that's like that in the first place? Or in the Lux Continent...

"No one knows where Hwan-soo came from. I didn't even know that Shane was the only one who taught me the power itself because it wasn't enough to teach him had the experience of combat."

Hmm...

She poked her head interested in what I said.

So those three had a strong return?

"It was strong. It was really strong, but they all had their own powers."

a predator in the sky

the vanquished king of the earth [Shandra Minnea]

a deep-sea tyrant[behemoth]

The title is no joke.

"I heard it was a palm-sized worm at first. But as we evolved after killing the enemy, it had already changed. The funny thing is. I mean, how strong were these crazy retrials?"

Can you believe it if one of them is like a grandmaster?

After my words, Persec's eyes were wide open with astonishment.

"It's not surprising that the Grandmaster, and above it, are common corridors, but technically, the Grandmaster is the monster of monsters."

That's right...

"But he said there was nothing better than combat experience than real life, and he threw three of those worms and me in the woods where nothing."

When I saw the sea split at the same time as the crazy retake men Bres, I was furious at the time about what I did wrong.

So... is there a transcendental object called Shandra here...

"It would be different. If Shandra Minnea was here in the first place, Pandora's territory, and most of the northern continent would have been covered."

Especially, Jiryong Shandra Minnea, who is stubborn and bad-tempered, is not satisfied with this area.

"And, Shandra Minnea is definitely a hwarong. If he were a real guy, would this be a snow field or a volcanic zone?"

What else can I think about?

Can I ask you one more question?

"What is it?"

Who was the strongest man in the corridor where you were?

Her words brought back a memory of the past.

So? Who's the strongest?]

Just when I came to the corridor.

I once asked such a question in my pure heart.

And the Armageddon that started!

Apocalypse of Hell!

I don't want to see the heroes who were looking for their enemies with their glistening eyes.

I've been caught up in it and been through a lot of trouble.

As a result, there were two winners of the mad fight.

Hercules, the living king, and Ias, Death Road.

My tone was calm as if I were reciting the legends of the past that existed in fiction.

* * *

"Chowolce Shandra is going straight for the kids. I have no means of contacting the children, and all the knights I sent to protect them are out of touch."

Boom!

A heavy and intense fist smashed a wooden table.

"You think that makes sense. Leader."

It is none other than Boris Tellman who shouts with rage.

It was a teacher who had taught apprentices to the Reinforce Alpha Knights for a long time.

"Calm down, Boris."

"Calm down? Do I look calm?" The children! ...they're still in there!! Is it a joke that transcendentalism is attacking you?"

"The other knights are desperately breaking the bank. I'm sure you're upset, but you have to trust me and wait for me."

"How can you say such irresponsible things!!"

An old man in antique armor looked at Boris calmly.

"Okay, let's try and save them right now, as you say."

"......."

"Do you have a way?"

"That's... ..."

"The determination in the forest of the immediate examination is not strictly an object. It's man-made."

"Then you don't......"

"It seems like those who try to tame the transcendent have joined hands with the outside world."

"For God's sake!"

It was said that there would be a spy, but I didn't expect it to happen at such an important time.

"I'll ask you again. You don't know what's going to happen inside if you mess with that mysterious texture. What we can do now is to prevent the movement of the transcendental body as much as possible, and wait until the members inside find a way to get the apprentices out."

It is a realistic alternative. Boris was also unable to answer this question for now.

but

"I'll move separately. If anyone has made a determination, they'll probably be watching from not far away. I'm going to kill him."

"Boris."

He gritted his teeth at the leader's quiet call.

"No one will touch my students! There's no second failure. I won't hurt anyone."

"Boris!"

"Rainforce Alpha's Rules of Articles 1!! The knights' enemies are not human beings, but creatures that threaten the very foundations of mankind!!"

The driver, who was watching the back of Boris shouting, sighed briefly and pressed his eyes with both hands.

"Too much greed is what makes you angry... ...why do you try to tame the transcendent..."

Shandra is the latest of Pandora's kings to appear.

Unlike other kings, Ji-ryong's roar, which was quite quiet, was bigger than I thought.

53. Surprise Attack

The second test involved the capture of a large number of blue trolls, one of the intermediate beasts inhabiting the entrance to Pandora's territory.

Gosh, geez!

Basically, a monster called Troll is dark navy with a height ranging from 2.5 to 3 meters.

It is common sense in this continent that their characteristics are cut off with a blade and burned several times to no longer regenerate.

But a strain of troll found in Pandora's domain,

In the case of blue trolls, they were shorter and less physically capable than conventional trolls, but at least one of their great regenerative powers was significantly different from the existing trolls.

The Knights seem to use their blood to manufacture healing drugs used by the members, but I am interested in them from a different perspective.

Why do people characterize the regenerative power of trolls?

'That ugly face is worth a lot of research.'

Stop talking nonsense.

"Davie! All three of them are going that way!"

At the sound of the crystal ball, I slowly raised my hand.

At the same time, the trolls running from far away waved heavy wooden clubs at me in unison.

I raised my hand and murmured quietly at their sudden charge.

"That's a note. Let's go to a hive for the concept."

[Accept command.]

Crying!!! Lolling!!!

There is no explosive sound or terrible rebound, but the speed and firepower of the pebble is already enough.

A megatron giant blocking my way struck off the enemy's attack, and purple coal began to pour mercilessly from the weapons of that note, which was rapidly rotating the six-cylinder iron column nearby.

Oh, my God!

500 shots per party.

But once he's improved, Mattan Minigan is one in both hands.

That is, it has a saturation capacity of nearly 16 rounds per second.

I envisioned it and soon it's becoming a perfect war weapon.

Two rain-like martan mini-guns began to disperse the light constantly and quickly make them hive.

Yikes!

Argh!

The blue trolls, who fell to the ground in the sudden satan fire, struggled and screamed, but the purple coal tore them apart without mercy.