133 # 133

The Manreb hero is coming back!

six volumes and six episodes

From the point exactly where I and Illina Fair headed, the blizzard quickly began to cross the entire forest of tests.

Unlike me, who quickly noticed and moved, other apprentices who noticed the existence of the snowstorm probably dealt with it quickly.

I knew this would happen.

"Huh... it's cold..."

A small cave that could fit four or five people.

It was none other than Illinois who was shivering with a coat covering his face.

At first, it was just chilly air.

Pandora is located in the northernmost part of the continent, and the fact that it is basically a cold, cold area does not change.

In addition, it is true that the climate is still a cold season.

However, the chill soon turned into a biting cold, and eventually began to turn into a powerful snowstorm.

In other words, the forest, which was fine other than the cold, turned white in an instant because it was covered in snow.

"Well... well, I'm glad I recovered the supplies and got a shelter before the blizzard started. I got lucky."

The smiling voice made me sigh.

I don't know what to do with this idiot.

"Does it look like you're lucky enough to solve this?"

"......what? Then did you expect this snowstorm to hit you?"

Surprisingly, her eyes opened wide.

If you ask me if I predicted it, I have no choice but to be positive.

Spirit is the most sensitive to natural change.

It is rarely found in places such as land, but there are quite a few spirits in this natural landscape where no one can reach.

It is the same as animals and insects moving first before an earthquake.

However, is the spirit a little more sensitive than animals or insects?

"I don't know what it's like... ...and suddenly he's pushing it with a golem... Wait! You knew this was going to happen, but you broke it?!"

"You have to take the test. I have to do my job."

I'm not soft enough to give up on this blizzard.

After I sent Lünne to find a cave that would be useful as a shelter, I pushed my way to the Golem to speed up the recovery of supplies as quickly as possible.

Of course, she and I entered the forest proudly, so many low-class beasts came in.

It is also past time that he collapsed in the blood of the merciless Matan Narnings of the note.

"How the hell did you find out? Is that magic, too?"

"The spirits are sensitive to the natural climate, so basically it's obvious that the spirits in cold areas will be cold."

"I didn't know there was such a thing."

If the spirits had heard this, they would have probably foamed.

Even the elves, who are called companions of spirits in ancient books, say they see the natural spirits they rarely see.

However, I could not seem to notice anything strange in my words because I was neither a wizard nor a spiritist.

"By the way, I'm wearing a winter coat and even on fire, but it's so cold, what happened inside?"

At the grumbling of Illinois, I stared silently at my hand-held coat.

Although the Knights have been here for a long time, the area where the Knights entered is in the middle of Pandora's area.

I had been told that there was no way more to withstand the ridiculous cold, so it remained a completely unknown area.

"The coat is cheap."

"What? Hey, do you know how much this is? 200 to 300 golds a pair are extremely expensive."

Two hundred to three hundred gold coins are certainly not a small amount of money.

Corruption in defense industry is everywhere. Take off your clothes."

She opened her eyes wide with a look of bewilderment at my words.

"What, what?"

"I'm reinforcing the intents, so give me the coat."

She bowed her head in a red face as she spoke annoyingly.

"Well... what, if that's the case, tell me quickly."

She said so and handed her coat like throwing it off.

"Hey, I knew this would happen."

Since then, I have been sighing as I checked the condition of the coat I received from her and the coat I was wearing.

The human body itself is faithfully imprinted, but it does not seem to be quite raw.

"I'll have to open it again."

Without hesitation, he opened his coat, hung it on the floor, pulled it up on his palm, put it on the coat, and slowly pulled it into the air.

Whoo...

At the same time, dozens of blue-colored magicians began to appear in the air following my hand.

Lightening, increased durability, cold resistance.

There are many human parts, but the catalyst is very poor.

The most annoying thing is. the roughness of the human body

Although there is no medium, I have no desire to be nervous while looking at my hands.

If you're already doing it, shouldn't you do it right?

As the work of brightening the cave on my fingertips continued, Illina, who was sitting together with both legs, looked at it as if it was amazing.

Illina, who had been enjoying listening to the warm-up coat here and there to see if the heating function was activated, soon put it on her body as if she cherished it and held it tightly with both hands.

"Sigh... it's warm, it's amazing."

"It's a simple task."

"Do you know this is a national treasure-grade coat? Only the emperors use it. It's like Snowguard in the Imperial Report."

She smiled and opened her coat with surprise.

I felt cozy when I made a bonfire in a calm cave and blocked the cold air outside with a cloth to raise the temperature.

"It's a little embarrassing, but the snowstorm will stop by dawn tomorrow, because the second test will arrive tomorrow anyway. I'm pretty relaxed today."

She continued with a grin.

"If you're with me, I'll never pass the exam."

It's a simple way of thinking that I never think I'll be eliminated, but there's faith in me in it.

* * *

Whoo! Whoo!

a blizzard of forest

Usually, it was just frosty and filled with white frozen trees, but the forest of the test was now in a terrible snowstorm for some reason.

"Leader,"

Dozens of black robes appeared beside a man who was lightly standing on snow as if his weight did not exist.

"You wouldn't have made a mistake."

"Of course. We have a broad set of faults and we've begun to entice the Transcendental Shandra. I succeeded in taking over the primary mind.It's more."

"Yes."

The man's eyes, which seemed to be satisfactory, were cold.

"But... sir."

"What is it?"

"Are you sure you're okay? But still, the fact that the Knights are apprentices..."

"Are you going to fail because of the variables that those young birds bring?"

"But they are talented seeds. Besides, some of these apprentices are a little odd.It's more."

The man in the black robe slowly opened his mouth.

"An apprentice who is not even 20 years old has pulled out the oracle blade."

"Hmm? That's quite interesting."

"Then..."

There is nothing to worry about. If he gets in the way, I'll take care of it myself. And the rest of the apprenticeship is most important as an offering for control of the Transcendental Shandra."

"......."

At the man's words, black lobsters knelt down in unison.

"Don't fail. I bet the future of the Knights on this."

"......I accept your order."

The man, who was watching them disappearing in unison, looked at the constant snowstorm with a cold expression.

"Flying and crawling is just a child with little hands-on experience. I don't expect you to entertain me with a transcendental body."

* * *

Tadak... Tadak...

The sound of burning enough firewood piled up in advance rang out in silence.

Strangely, smoke from the bonfire was flowing out of the cave using artifacts that formed an unusual air current.

As it did not survive extreme situations, the supply box contained various tools needed for camping.

Was he immersed in the quiet cave and the sound of the burning campfire?

Illina, humming with Caldiras in her arms, looked quite happy.

Is it because I'm taking my long-cherished knights' formal promotion test, or for other reasons... ...it doesn't seem necessary to think deeply.

"It's nice to be here."

Strangely, a childlike attitude made me laugh.

"Do you like it?"

"Sometimes I don't think this atmosphere is bad either. Aren't you?"

There was a moment of silence at her question.

It's not bad. It's this kind of atmosphere.

I can't help but turn my eyes to the seductive look!

"Ha...... I can't stand being so seductive."

"What?"

The snowstorm may stop outside.

"De......David?"

"It's just you and me here, and I'm thinking of unraveling a little bit of what I've endured so far."

She opened her eyes wide to see if she had noticed the subtlety of the situation.

a narrow cave

There are only two men and women in a delicate atmosphere.

"What, what's wrong with you..."

She smiled embarrassingly and smiled helplessly.

But as soon as I looked at her with a serious look on my face, my laughter stopped laughing.

"Eh... Davey!"

"How can a gentleman named Hwang-nyeo be so vigilant?"

It's also called one of the five most beautiful women in the continent.

A cold impression, but a surprisingly warm smile, she certainly has enough beauty to fall in love with a decent man.

"Oh, don't be ridiculous! I'll cut you if you get close!"

As I got up from my seat and slowly approached her, I began to feel embarrassed in his face.

The expression on his face, with his mouth wide open while sitting on the floor, was simply a shock.

"Don't you know that you're testing it?" Besides, if you do something weird, the teachers will...."

"They can't see us in this situation."

My words completely drained the color of her face.

Perhaps because his expression and tone were too serious, he has a frozen face.

"Lu......Luene!"

"Where's Lünne?"

She urgently chants for Lünne, but sadly, the silver-haired little boy who sat next to me and chewed beef jerky a while ago has long disappeared.

"Hahaha..."

She had a blue face and even hiccups.

"Eh... What's wrong with you, Davey... all of a sudden..."

"I've been waiting for this."

"Hey... don't do this, we're friends..."

"That doesn't matter now."

"Please..."

He looked like he was about to cry.

Originally, it would not be strange to take out Caldiras and attack him right away, but he seemed to know it well.

Even if they attack right away, they will be overwhelmed in a blink of an eye.

"Don't worry, it hurts like hell. You'll feel better soon. Just show them your back."

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Screaming and walking backward, she soon opened her eyes wider as she felt the wall of a cold cave behind her back.

And

The grotesque sound of my hand grabbing her began to resonate throughout the cave.

Ooddeuk... Ooddeuk...

"Oh, the taste of my hands."

I've been trying to please the gruesome heroes of the Corridor.

It has become a desire to follow almost to the level of obsessive compulsive disorder.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

A terrible scream is a bonus.