143 # 143

The Manreb hero is coming back!

six volumes and sixteen episodes

"Huh?!"

"Black magic!"

Some of the black magic's signature commanders, who had just made Illinois this far, came out of my body, and some of them stepped back in surprise.

Their faces were full of embarrassment and surprise.

In this world, black magic is almost dead, but the image of black magic still remains.

If that's the only thing I can say to them, that's all I can say.

"Don't be afraid of power, be wary of power-driven humans. Otherwise, you will regret it someday."

Keep that in mind, there's not just good men who use divine power.

Remember, there was also Death Road, whose name was not left on the subject of saving and sacrificing hundreds of millions of people with the known horrible black magic.

The reason why the apprentices were surprised was because I had a head coach with a scar and dragged it without any problem.

When can I explain and understand the peculiarity of my body?

I just have to say, trust me.

Boom... Boom, boom!

With the sound of something being ripped out, Illinois's body is greatly shaken.

"If you still owe me a debt, don't run away. Do you know how much your life is worth?"

At the same time, the black air that had seeped into her body began to flow out like a forced tear.

As the work continued, Illina's body was convulsed and agitated, but without hesitation, I tore off the black air currents using my commander Manna.

She didn't bother to say that she was lucky to be unconscious.

If you'd been awake...

He probably screamed in a terrible pain.

It's a good thing you're fainted because you'll feel the pain of being ripped raw.

Although black magic and command magic have generally not been achieved to the limit, it was safe to say that my expertise was more specialized in dealing with than casting magic.

Soon after, her pale-looking body slowly began to regain its original form, and the surprise and relief began to grow on the faces of the trainees around her.

Of course, this is easy, but it was not.

Unknowns tried to cure this place by infusing divine power, all of them.

Come on, you've never seen a biological bomb before, have you?'

I heard they all burst into death.

Sincerity and commanding mana are the power of opposition.

It cannot be said that either side has the upper hand.

"Okay, take him back."

"What?"

"What..."

The miserable appearance was still the same, but I turned around without hesitation.

Other apprentices looked suspicious at my appearance.

"There's still treatment..."

"Take a break and you'll come back to where you are. I've increased my natural healing power, so I'll be right back."

"Yes, Davy, you're..."

"I have something that's not organized yet."

Even if it's a body, it's a body that's separated from part of the body.

Still, it was polite for me to take care of it myself, as it was once the transfer of the husband, who was called a teacher.

Whooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!

Just in time, Longinus seemed to be out of control, but the huge luster disappeared and he slowly began to lift himself up.

The torn arm was flying away in black powder, but as soon as it was liberated from the mine, it slowly began to regenerate again.

That's almost like reconstruction, not regeneration.

Persec murmured that he was elated by the unspeakable

"Shandra Minnea used to be the best reclamation power ever."

It's not that I was called a zombie dragon for nothing.

I lightly twisted my finger when I saw him expressing madness with fierce anger in his yellow eyes.

When the body, which had been stiff with a thud, began to be energized, he reached into the air without hesitation.

Whooooooooooooooooh!

At the same time, Shinchang Longinus, who had fallen with all his strength, quickly settled in my hand.

I'll finish it as soon as possible, so hang in there a little bit. Shandra. Number one.

I wanted to ask him why he was here, where the body went, and why he was left with only his body.

It also makes one wonder if the main body is intact.

The king of recuperation is the spiritual beings who can communicate.

As such, the reunion, which was not a reunion with him, was honestly a bit complicated.

The real Shandra Minnea doesn't know you.

The recapture kings that Shane Scrift summoned in the corridor were only copies of the power of the recapture that had been imprinted on his soul.

As a result, the real Shandra Minnea has no acquaintance with me.

Nevertheless, it cannot be dismissed as a matter for others.

[Third form]

[Blue Dragon Eonwoldo]

The spearhead of the new longinus, which gradually became distorted and began to change into the form of a giant unwalled road, was slanted and inserted into the floor.

Then he rolled his left foot strongly to support it.

There is a subtle atmosphere around.

Among them, Fendir, who was the first to judge the situation, opened his eyes and ran fast around Illina, who collapsed.

"Crazy! I don't know what it is, but if you don't want to get caught up, run!"

Even if you don't know what I'm trying to do, instinctive warnings sometimes save your master.

It was a pendy choice with more hands-on experience than other apprentices who had once failed the test.

"What... what?"

Fendir's crazy running, the others opened their eyes wide and started running after him without realizing it.

"As far away as you can. I can't control my strength, so I don't know how far the aftermath will go."

When most of the remaining Mana mixed with the commander Mana to create explosive resistance and let it flow to Longinus, the dark blue color began to seep into the window.

He burst into a huge roar, opened his mouth at me, and soon released a very low temperature as if he was in a frenzy again.

Looking directly at the destructive rays of the sky as the air froze, he pressed his left foot, which was strongly supported, as if under pressure.

I'm sure, I was crushed in one shot before the fall of the ashes.

There is no reason to be beaten as a whole because there is no reason to die now.

The play...

Unwoldo's hard-pressed spearhead flashed out like it smashed the floor.

Giant weapons have such a long reach.

Weapons with a large reach become that much wider.

And the maximum range of attack I have with cold weapons is strictly in my craft.

Black-and-blue joint weather.

[Astrea Planetary Transcendence]

[Cutting the mantle.]

Whoo!

The sound was short.

The size was huge.

It's a damn big, beautiful window.

56. Post-Organization.

[Listen! Brave men who have mastered the Phaladia's singing skills hold up their spears and shout when they charge! My soul is in the arms of Palladia!]

I don't want to do that at all.

Of course, he has a cheerful personality, and his singing skills are comparable to that of the sword Hares, even with his hot destructive power.

Like a giant toenail leaving scars on the ground.

Large, sharp, intangible claws spread low, toppling some of the snow-covered forests and hitting Shandra Minnea.

The aftermath was not simple and it cut the ground as if it were dividing the boundary between terraced agriculture.

Although the main body is of the Grandmaster level, the body has inherited some of the characteristics of the main body, and it is extremely weak compared to the main body.

Of course, it is also true that he is not just weak.

Although he is said to be a person who has regenerative power beyond the limits of the species of life, as a result, infinite regenerative power is meaningless if its source is destroyed.

The source of Shandra Minnea's regenerative power is none other than his heart.

If the heart is safe, he plays endlessly.

Of course, it is also true that even a man with excellent regenerative power cannot be indefinitely strong.

The destructive force tore through the scales of his heart and completely penetrated the tough flesh before disappearing.

I knew better than anyone that it was an opportunity never to deal with him again.

Paang!!

And I didn't miss the gap. I twisted my finger and stood it up like a bird's toenail, stuck my arm in his heart, and got used to it.

And very reverently.

It appeals to reality and prays with sincerity.

"Little Miss, very urgent. Excellent grace, highly appreciated."

Whoo!

[8th-Phase Light Whispering Mage]

[God of God]

Originally, I would have inserted the eight-circle flame magic, which is the most polar property of regeneration. Sincerity was the most antagonistic to the severely mutilated man.

Your body is contaminated?

It's a chance you'll never have again, you'll be able to meet with God's staff!

Come on, taste the highest level of Jeonghwa mulberry.

Argh!!!

A blinding flash of light flashes and a huge pillar of light shoots up into the sky from my hand.

At the same time, clouds swept away by a huge stream of power were torn into a circle as if they were evaporating.

Whoooooo!!!

Even if it's a replica, it's one of the pillars of disaster, considering the power of Shandra Minnea.

Rather, it would have been a relief to have blocked it here before it got bigger.

It is fortunate in a way that he is not the main body.

"Whoa..."

The moderately short hair, which had been spinning endlessly with huge light, slowly sinks.

At the same time, the earth's axis, which was shaking like an earthquake, slowly became silent.

Then, the body of the man whose heart was completely purified began to scatter and crumble like a huge dust wind.

"Wow... ..."

At the same time, missing Longinus, I knelt down and fed what was inside.

Then the gastric juice, blood, and six pieces of meat in a thick liquid flowed out of the mouth.

"Oh, my... my precious camouflage..."

.......

Too much power is no better than no use.

How long have you been using all your strength?

Of course, it is right to refrain from pushing too hard until the massive forces that suddenly began to move find their seats.

Stay still.

Persec didn't look so good when he came up to me with a sigh and gave me a spell.

You didn't find everything as much as you thought?

'Half is a success. It was worth trying.'

Although it is part of the power that was originally expected, it seems to have gained significant benefits for now.

Whatever it may be, it would be right to be grateful for the ignorant and dangerous challenges and for surviving.

Beep!

The reflexively activated status window showed no significant change, but some items were added.

First of all, a title stuck to him.

[Sudden experimental fanatic.]

It was not a very good title, so I ignored it and looked at the peculiarity, and I saw several lines stretched out noticeably.

[Unbalance due to forced physical reconstruction.]

Unstable physical evolution success.

[ Mass Manna circulates.]

[Continued exhaustion of vitality (reducing the reflection due to the letters)]

[A person who once accepted and used the power of recovery.]

[Scheduled Precedence (2/10)

"...."

I know. I know. How crazy I've done.

'Oh, this is the chronic disease of the researchers.'

It is real again that theory and practice are different.

As soon as the fire revived, the body almost collapsed again and disappeared.

So did Odin, who was my magic teacher, but I believe that with the exception of one thing, I can explain everything in theory depending on how I accept and understand the laws of physics or not.

And what I used now was one of Odin's theories based on that mindset.