140 # 140

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 13 of the Sixth Book

"About three. One line, one bow. One staff member."

The purpose itself was meaningless now, so I decided to use it right away.

It's been a long time since I've been reunited with my weapon.

Simply pulling up Manna made me feel that a large number of Manna, which was incomparable to the past, were running around in my body.

the only amount of divine power spanning the ninth rank

Manna, who reached 8 circles each, and Mana, the head coach.

As the amount of manna increases, the damaged circle moves as if it were finding its own place, creating a ring.

Just because you lost it once didn't mean you lost it completely.

As long as the cross-shaped Longinus slowly began to breathe mana and express his will, the solid shape slowly began to change.

Then, when the light completely disappeared, it turned into a long, sharp, straight window.

"As expected, bamboo spear is the best."

With a smile of satisfaction, Persec looked pale and shook his head.

You've changed once and...Davey, I hope you didn't have a problem judging your head by ringing or ringing like that. Just tell me, she can heal you.

I saw before that you started moving things lightly.

Now you're going to convert people?

She slipped away with a prickly expression on my words.

"Davie, I can sense that Transcendental Shandra Minnea is moving quickly to where her successors are. Contact. Damage caused by accumulation of multiple damage to the cougar."

"The Junior apprentices? What about the others?"

"Everyone survived, but one person was seriously injured. Identifying a number of other injuries. We estimate that many will die in a short time."

"If you leave it alone, all the apprentices will bleed."

"Lunne, waiting for orders."

"Well... is this gonna work now?"

bamboo spears held in one's hands by saying so I feel heavy when I lightly throw Longinus into the air and get it...

It would be natural for him to weigh more than 80 kilograms.

If you are a normal human being who is not supported by Manna, just hitting the window can be weighed down by the weight.

"Lunne, good job. I'll take care of it now, so the rest of the time is off. I want an order for the Decepticon squadron. Protect them until I get there."

The Priya you gave me.

Didn't you promise God's will?

To do good.

What would it be if it is not good to save many young and innocent children?

Of course, there are calculations like that of a child.

Whatever it was, the experience of death was not a good experience, so I was going to give it back as much as I received.

"Sigh..."

Lower your body lightly and lift the explosive moving mana inside your body.

At the same time, a huge shock wave hit the bottom of the snow field and created a huge crater, and the whole body bounced up into the sky.

As the air reached dozens of meters with an ignorant reinforcement jump, not even a fly magic, it felt that the air was completely different and the huge Pandora area began to be seen gradually.

"Well, people should drink the upper air."

How shameless of course.

Percerk, who had a puzzled expression, sat on his shoulder and fixed his body in the air using fly magic.

He then used an air tile to fix his feet with a tread plate and to lift the longinus like a throwback.

"Let's go."

[New Longinus 2nd unique ability]

[Nuclear bamboo spear]

I will show you why the word nuclear came out.

.... .... ﬁ ﬁ ﬁ ﬁ ﬁ ﬁ ﬁﬁ ﬁﬁ ﬁﬁ ﬁﬁﬁ!

Soon after, as if responding to my mana, the cinch Longinus left my hand and rose higher into the air, and slowly began to become huge, engulfed in a thunderstorm of light.

The core is only a 2-meter 10-centimeter window, but the slowly growing window has formed a large window that is at least 50 meters long and 10 meters thick.

Despite the large amount of mana that would have never been imagined before, I can't feel any dexterity at all.

There are some cases where the flow of mana has become extremely high since it is immediately after the transformation of the bones, but even if time passes, this ability will be available at least once.

As the brain light that was brought up ignorant and completely fixed in the form of a huge window, I was a giant black-colored georong that was caught without hesitation in reinforced vision.

He pointed the spearhead at Shandra Minnea.

Then he took a short breath and threw a huge brainstorm of thunder at him.

"You get one shot, I get one. Let's go together!"

Quasitic!

As if the metal bullet in the railgun was flying super-accelerated, the golden flash that embroidered the sky carries enormous energy and hits Shandra Minnea.

Surprised by the sudden flow of power, the man reacted and moved.

Although he created a shield by raising the power of Lee Hyeong-hyung reflexively, nuclear bamboo spear, a unique ability expressed as a longinus, tore and dug into such a shroud without mercy.

Then they stuck it in a thread and flew more than a few hundred meters and stuck it on the ground.

* * *

"Sigh... Sigh..."

Illina, who was leaving Davy and quickly joining other apprentices, had to run for a long time to see the children who found themselves.

Did he realize that the situation is serious?

The apprentices, who had gathered with stiff faces, gathered at her in a fit of astonishment as soon as they found Illina.

"Ilina! You're safe!"

What about you, Davy?"

It was Illina, whose head began to throb with the cries of half-panic children, but she couldn't fall into panic just like them.

As Davy trusted her, she felt obligated to let others know about the situation.

"Everyone, calm down!"

Coo-oong!

As she lifted Caldiras and hit the floor, she shouted sternly.

"This is not the time! Everybody move!"

"Attack..." Is that it?"

"Right? Dr. Boris has contacted me..."

But contrary to what Illinois thought, the children already knew a certain amount of the situation.

"I'm glad you're all right, Hwang Yu-na."

"Alisa?"

Alisa Petrick, a self-proclaimed big fan of Davy, handed Ilina a small crystal ball.

"Sio Howl... ...is a contact crystal ball he had. I got a call from Dr. Boris. It's just a short time."

"What does that mean?"

"There was an attack. I was told to stop the test right away and to keep all the apprentices in one place."

At Alisa's fairly calm words, Shire, the older sister of the twin spirits, muttered palely.

"The Transcendent! The Transcendent has moved! Oh... and besides...Besides!"

"Calm down, Shire, but I'm glad you're here... ...but... And Prince Davey?"

When asked by Alisa, Illina replied with a sigh.

"Davie stayed there."

"What..."

"Listen, there was an attack. All the knights who were protecting us were wiped out. You know what I mean? This means that we have to escape or endure with our own strength here. At least until the situation is understood."

Considering Davy's force, it was actually a big problem, but I wondered if the attackers really did this ignorant thing without knowing it.

Most of all, it bothers me that the transcendental shandra has started to move.

A transcendental body is a transcendental body for nothing.

It occurred to me that even the ignorant strong Davy might not win the giant and irresistible monster of transcendence.

Four Swordmasters are monsters who can't even use their hands and are killed in an instant.

Even if Davy was strong, the opponent was only worried.

"Let's move for now. There's a hideout nearby that I've prepared in advance."

Then came the words of Fendir, who led the pack, and Hagg, an apprentice who used leprosy.

"But what about Hsiao Howl?"

"That guy..."

Lindsey Pala, who was speaking, was in tears at lastly, her eyes were red.

She seemed to know what was going on even if she didn't get an answer.

"It's serious. Lucia says you need to be ready."

"Oh, my God, Trev! There's nothing to betray, so you're going to join this madness and kill my partner?!"

At the exasperation of an apprentice, others looked calm.

"Davie! Where is she? He's the only one who can protect us.

"Damour! Shut your mouth! Is Dave your guardian?!

"Everybody's crazy! Are you out of your mind?! Can't you figure out what's going on? The seniors were exterminated!! Oh... I don't want to die. I don't want to die doing nothing like this!"

Seeing him screams and hurling a gantry in his hand, his partner picked up the staff and hit him in the back of his head.

Argh!

Then Damur, who was screaming as if he was going to make a disturbance, fell down.

"......."

"I'm sorry, everyone. Damur is just a little inexperienced, so please don't be too angry."

Unlike Xiao Howl, who is firmly united with pride, it was not strange to say anything to Damur, who is very worldly and timid.

In fact, he never talked to Davey before, and he was wary of and despised of him.

'If he had heard it, he would have turned his arm first.'

Illinois didn't seem so fond of his behavior.

"First of all, Davey's taking care of the attackers. No matter how transcendent it is, we won't be able to find it easily if we hide. What we have to do from now on. Hang in there until the teachers come. At least you shouldn't hold your ankle."

It was just as I was about to ask Ilina to show me her hideout.

"I'm sorry about that."

"Huh?!"

Whoo!

With a sudden voice, something huge flew in the air and fell into the ground.

Chick... Chick... Chick...

It was none other than the mobile Golem Puma, one of Davy's Golem.

Most of the gloves were crushed and broken, so it was hard to function properly, the cougar only grazed by the blue lining and couldn't easily get up.

Although the single force is slightly behind Illina, who holds Caldiras, since it was created for the special situation.

I don't think it's that easy to be that easy.

"Did you say Davy? I really wanted to see the boy's ability. It's a pity to die like this."

Illina stared at him with her eyes wide open at the words.

a strong man

He is also an overwhelming powerhouse.

Swordmasters are strong beings, but those in front of them were famous for being strong enough to not easily win even if three or four Swordmasters attacked them.

And

"Gi, sir... what... what is that?"

He was also one of the knights in charge of the Reinfos Alpha.

Why does the head of the knights who should protect them say that?

"Hmm? Oh, this is the rush. Actually, you're a very important factor in this plan. Well, don't worry too much because only a few people need to participate."

With the horse, people wearing black robes began to show up everywhere.

"They're... they're definitely Davey..."

Illina, who mumbled embarrassedly, opened her eyes wide.

I couldn't understand what it meant to be here with the articles of the black robe that Davy and Lünne were blocking.

"Iilina apprentice. I'm sorry, but the apprentice's partner, Davey, was killed by the transcendent Shandra, who started running wild a few minutes ago."

The man who says this is a protector? That's ridiculous.

"Don't lie!!!"

The old knight smiled and gave a grim look at her, shouting outragedly.

"Fuji has already been briefed. He disappeared without a trace in the Bresse. Don't you see? The only breakthrough you believe is dead!"

His determined cry began to pale the faces of all the apprentices who did not know the current situation.