146 # 146

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 19 of the Sixth Book

the palace of a serene king

I couldn't hear anything but the sound of my feet and the sound of Lunne's bare feet touching the floor.

No matter how strong the soles of his feet are, it's very unusual to avoid shoes.

It would be pretty dirty, let alone protecting his feet, but he didn't care.

Still, Illina wore black stockings under her skirt because she almost complained, but her feet are showing a white apricot color because it only covers her ankles.

"Huh! De... Prince Davy!"

"Open the door."

Familiarly walking into the king's palace, I spoke quietly to the servant-in-law and the maid-in-law, who stood guard at the entrance.

Ha... Ha... Ha, Na, Degraded! Without any connection at this time..."

"Moon."

Reflectively frowned and the tone of your voice becomes colder.

"......."

"Open it."

Their faces turned pale as life flowed away from them, perhaps because of an unfamiliar force.

It's not their fault in the first place, but it's true that it's a little difficult for me now to control.

The soul is familiar, but the body is unfamiliar with it.

Unlike when I first woke up from a coma, I got used to it after months of rehabilitation training, this time it was a little faster.

I was about to sigh at the sight of the maid and servant looking at each other's senses.

"Okay, listen."

A decrepit voice slowly came from the bedroom.

It was the voice of King Krianes.

It must have been quite deep, but he must have been awake.

The hinge moved quietly and the large door opened, and the panoramic view of the antique room was visible.

"Long time no see, Davy."

"May the sun of the kingdom have great glory. Forgive my rudeness."

"That's enough. I don't want to get such a formal greeting from such a private person. Besides, it's not rude for your son to visit you."

"Your Majesty, as your servant's duty, to give you an example."

"The relationship between father and son doesn't need that."

You still haven't given up.

King Crianes, who approached me on one knee, held my hand tightly and smiled lightly, looked more tired than when we first met.

"Yeah, I went to the Lindis Empire this time."

"Yes, I've been invited to the coming-of-age ceremony of the youngest daughter of the Lindis Empire, Arya al-Lindis."

"You must have met Carlos."

"I won't deny it."

"Tut... ...I wish he'd come to realize the reality and grow up."

While saying so, strangely enough, he could hardly feel affection in his voice.

If I had to pick one, I felt like I was in love with her.

"Your Majesty, you don't have any idea why I've been rude to you this late night."

His eyes were thick with what I said.

"Davie, can't you quit?"

"I beg your pardon, Your Majesty."

"I don't live long now. Why don't you listen to my father's last request?"

Last request?

at somebody's discretion

A laugh came out of itself.

"Your Majesty, let me tell you something."

"Tell me."

"You haven't even paid for your sins yet."

"......."

He remained silent in what I said.

"Don't try to die without my permission. I'll save you even if you die."

"Davie."

"You have put this country to this point, put her to death, left me alone, and made the aristocracy go wild. I'll do all those things and just run away. Do you mean this?"

You'll never die, at least until you've finished it. You, if you die, I'll save you.

When you've solved everything like that.

You'll have to hand over the throne to Varys then. After that, do as you please, whether you die or survive in my hands.

"I heard stories from the Lindis Empire. You grew up so well even though this ugly father couldn't protect you. He also has excellent judgment and bold determination to have as a monarch."

He slowly got up and approached me, continuing to talk nonstop.

Then he took my hand and said appealingly.

It`s not just that. The Four Holy Traces, which were recognized by the Holy Land, and the medical knowledge of the youngest, cured the disease of the youngest woman, resulting in a remarkable achievement enough to make your name known to the Lindis Empire and created four allies."

Then he sighed.

"This seat is yours if you want it. But those who walk the king's ways cannot decide everything by their own means. It was the same with this father."

"That's an excuse."

"The king..."

He continues his words with a prying expression.

There are so many people to protect. Davy, do you know how many people there are in this country? There are no less than five million people. One by one, it's 5 million, not dozens. Do you understand what I mean? In other words, five million people could live or die for a single king's decision."

Therefore, the king cannot decide everything recklessly, and there are things that he knows but must ignore.

At his words, I looked at him calmly, erasing the cold smile that hung around my mouth.

"So... ...just take all your grudges out on me. If you can be a grown king, I can leave smiling even if I die by your sword."

"Your Majesty, I told you from the beginning."

"Davie."

"Please lower your position as an investigator. I'll organize the aristocracy."

My words opened his eyes wide.

"Davie!!"

"I don't think you know it yet... ...but the Duke of Barieta has long held hands with vampires and sacrificed the people of this country. Did you know this?"

My words opened his eyes wide.

"What the..."

"At first, Queen Linness was my wife. The Queen didn't know about it, but it is true that she was behind their backs. And."

He chewed out the accent with force.

"Carlus, the damn guy, he knows that, but he's doing it. But are you watching? Is that the way to the king? Is it the king who ignores hundreds and thousands of people when they die to save five million people?"

The scathing criticism shocked him into saying nothing.

"I would never see such reckless men set up in this country that my brother Varys will inherit. If you've made a decision, please send me the cable. You don't have to interfere anymore in this matter. Even if they fly and crawl, I will trample on them."

His emotional personality makes his words more and more rough.

"Do you have any other thoughts? You want to use the Lindis Empire allies to stamp out the aristocracy and force it to end?"

And they'll probably be watching for a chance, lowering themselves and hiding.

"......."

"Do you think I'll be watching that? If you want, I'll raise you treason."

"Davie!"

"You don't think you can? If I do, I do. That's what Daviolan, your son, is like."

The last is neither King Crianes nor the Marquis of Paltris, who has played down the power of the aristocracy.

It will be me.

That's why I got it back in a hurry.

* * *

Did he think that he could not break my stubbornness?

The position of the general inspector was finally lowered.

Whatever the relationship between my mother, King Krianes, and Queen Lynes in the past, there would have been no way for him unless he knew that the aristocracy had crossed the line, unless I could really use extreme measures.

However, if what you hear from me is true, it is also a felony that cannot be overlooked by any excuse.

Of course there was opposition to me taking down the position of inspector. There was no problem thanks to King Krianes' strong push, who was angry and was not as strong as before.

And the first thing I did when I was officially assigned a position as an inspector by the royal edict on the land was to mobilize the knights that I could convene under the authority of a general inspector in the royal family.

Although it's at the extreme level. This much is enough to help.

And the first thing I did when I got the position of chief investigator.

spreading rumors

And. I was giving orders to about 50 knights who had been sent out to carry out my duties.

From now on, we destroy the house of vermin. Don't worry, even if pests are dangerous, I'm here, so don't worry, you can break down the vermin's house."

"I'll be very clear!"

"Beware, you are also knights of the precious kingdom of Loun. I won't allow you to die."

Fire burns once in my hand and disappears.

The condition is so serious that an unfamiliar mana reacts to my feelings and is released into a hot flame.

Even so.

Fire is the best remedy for pests.

* * *

"It's Davy Allan."

"Huh! Wow... I see Prince Degradation!"

I glanced at the empty warehouse behind me as I watched the man, who leaned flat and tightened his head.

"Is this a junkyard?"

"Oh... yes, it is. It was originally a place where the Duke kept supplies from the main land... ..but the supplies were cut off from some point on..."

A spider hits the house and is empty inside.

The five knights who followed me are curious because they look like a junk warehouse with nothing on the surface.

"Really? Is that so?"

"Yes... ..but what's the matter with you, even on such a small piece of land..."

I smile at him lying face down and slightly raising his head.

"Why do you think he's here?"

Sigh.

With the words, I took a short breath and flashed Cheung Dan.

Why bother to do so, even though it can be done with bare hands.

Just like this.

Chewy... Chewy!

"Hee......heeh?!"

Even if you draw it with blue hair, the texture.

The interior of the warehouse began to change completely as the space broke as if it were distorted.

The ground, which had nothing, was turned off and the way to enter the bottom was revealed.

"You seem to have paid a little attention to the texture. You should have known who your partner was."

In saying so, I slowly lift up my sanctity.

[Holey coating]

[Defensive Armor]

[Devine Shield]

It's a moderate level of sexual magic, but the effect will be very efficient.

In an instant, the knights, who looked down at their bodies as if they were surprised by the divine magic engraved on their bodies, soon opened their eyes as if they realized that I had a scar and quickly began to enter the basement of the junk warehouse.

"What are you going to do?"

Afterwards, when I slowly ask the man who was managing the warehouse alone, his face turns pale.

He must have kept mum even though he knew what was going on here.

"Lord... Please kill me!"

"Then let's do that."

"What?"

Poo-pooch!

He wants me to kill him, but I have to kill him. If he acquiesced even though he knew this was happening, the crime was not enough for a true sentence.

Beyond the body that collapsed with eyes wide open without a scream, I coated the divine power over Hongdan's body and walked slowly into it.