145 # 145

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the 18th installment of the six volumes

"I'll look into your problem. We've secured Treb, a traitor who was dying in the woods. Let's find out more about him."

"I'll leave it to you, then."

"Well, then we have to solve the rest of the problem. It's about the funeral of the dead knight and the wounded apprentice."

"One of the trainees died, but the others were not seriously injured. Should I consider this as a relief or a pity?"

"Really... how much damage would have been done without Davy's apprentice..."

I had no choice but to admit what I had to admit. The power of apprentice David and the inner circle he did not give them is beyond their understanding.

"The credit is great. You must consider the medal and title accordingly and compensate for it. That's it! There's a reason for everyone to come forward and show their sincerity for an apprentice who's done such an honorable thing."

"So, where's Davey, the apprentice, who's done the great feat?"

One of the knights asked in wonder.

"Let's take a break in the dorm room for a while..."

Shake!

"I'm sorry! I'm reporting!"

Surprised by the sudden intrusion of the knights, the eyes of the conference room gathered at once to the standard-bearers who stormed in.

"Eh... Davey's apprentice..."

"What's the matter? Did something happen to him?!"

They were worried that something like a rebound might have come because they had done such a thing right away.

"Open up... ...with one letter left and ran away!"

Along with the cry, the note taken out by the rank-and-file driver said:

[Roaming Night, Back Support]]

An apprentice has announced a long-term leave of absence from the beginning.

Silence reigned throughout the conference room.

* * *

Gao, one of the knights who betrayed him, died. The black robes who followed him were wiped out with only one person left.

The body of Shandra Minnea they were trying to bring also closed its eyes to my hand.

In the end, the Knights of the Reinfos Alpha owe me a debt to me.

Although I am an apprentice, this was certainly not something to be concluded in the hands of an apprentice.

"Ah..."

A painful groan came from the mouth of Illinois, who opened her eyes with a blank face.

"How's it going, man?"

"It's the worst..."

Because he frowned, his cold-looking impression turns colder.

"Here's... "

"Headquarters of the Knights."

"......."

She looked up at me blankly at my answer and laughed.

"That's right, who killed who."

"It sounds like someone wants to die."

"You're the one who can pray to the temple for 100 days to die. And that's not what I wanted."

The man who said so slowly tried to lift himself up.

However, the pain must have followed, and he was frowned upon.

"You'll have to recuperate for a few days. Back home."

"......I'm sure there's some strange energy coming into my body......"

When she realized what had happened to her body reflexively, she looked down at my hand, which looked neat but subtly dry.

"Davie."

It was not long before she called me in a hoarse voice.

Clap!!

Then he hugged me before I could answer.

"Good thing you're safe..."

I don't think I have any worries about my body at all, and it's my body that needs to worry about the current situation.

It was a voice with sincere relief.

As I listened to him silently, Ileina's voice began to sink further.

"You, I know you're strong... but I'm strangely nervous... this time I'm really nervous..."

Transcendental bodies are usually present.

All these years, she or Ulys saw me and said I was crazy, I was a monster.

Even I at that level couldn't beat Shandra Minnea's alter ego.

There was a limit to the power carved into the soul in the corridor, the circle created as if it were a rush, and the body that could not be reborn.

Wasn't its presence different enough to make the difference obvious?

When he raises his head slightly to the appearance of a man crying silently, Persec takes an X with both hands, saying, "Don't do anything else."

One of my future dreams is a green frog, didn't you know?

Ooddeuk!

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

"How long has it been since you let go of your muscles? You should learn the basics of your body language. Excessive use of mana can strain not only muscles but also organs. Do you want to be maimed?"

"You!"

Her eyes glared at me with tears, and I threw my finger strongly on my forehead and turned around.

"He's alive, but his mouth is alive."

"Uh... Where are you going?"

"Go back to the territory."

"Sha, Shandra... ...the transcendent?!"

Transcendental? Oh, it was a mutated body, but it was so strong that even the alter ego was seen as a transcendental body.

"I let him go."

I don't know if I could have had a conversation.

She frowned as if she didn't understand what I said, but soon sighed as if she understood my behavior.

She wasn't so tactless that she didn't know what it meant by pointing her upper finger with her index finger open.

So... you've just taken the transcendent? I didn't hear you wrong, did I? It's nothing, it's a transcendental body?"

"I got him. I totally destroyed him."

"...you're not actually human, are you? It's like a dragon or something."

"Then, Hsiao Howl died."

Then he threw the blanket next to her and threw it over her.

"Sio, you idiot..."

"It was too late when I went."

There is a level that cannot be saved even in medicine, by divine power.

the power of resurrection

There should be something similar.

You can do it.

If you are determined to do so, there is nothing you can't save.

However, there is no reason to do so.

What's the price?

'My life span is one year. And only once in my life under a contract with God.'

Resurrection is not the name of any dog, but of course, it is one of the last tabernacle of the ninth hierarchy.

The use itself is tricky. The price is out of the ordinary.

It was a scale of no measure.

Sio Howl.

I was full of talent, but I can't compare his life to my life span of a year.

I have no good feelings for him and I have no reason to mourn his death.

However, I didn't feel so good when I saw a wounded man dying in front of me from the point of view of a doctor.

Trev, who killed this guy, caught him himself, tied him up, and threw him to the knights.

Even though I have the title of saint, I am a believer in God's service, but I am a merchant in business with God.

"Go back to the territory. Don't step into the Lounge for a while."

"What?! Why!"

"Get well in your home country. And the Kingdom of Loun will be a little messy for a while. I'll be the queen of the Empire, and I'll never be held responsible for anything I hear."

Illina, who realized what I meant, was silent.

Even though she was sorry for the vampire, this was not her first step.

I've been waiting for you.

How much longer do we have to wait?

This is the end of my consideration to your Majesty.

As I turned to my slightly sunken eyes, Illina grabbed my collar quickly.

"Davie."

"Why?"

"Thank you..."

Mumbling in a crawling voice, she bowed her head.

"And don't get hurt. If you get hurt, my dream will be too wild."

At her words, I removed my distorted expression and smiled.

It's uselessly emotional that I'm so emotional that I'm so overwhelmed by emotions.

"Yes."

* * *

When I returned to the territory without confirming that the apprentices woke up with a simple letter, I called in all three of the vigilantes, Monmeder, Amy, who is currently pursuing small land work on behalf of me, and Bernille, her advisor teacher.

"Did you find it?"

Now it feels like an article.

Thanks to Lord Vermann's training, the conditions of the land guards, who had been nothing but a blunder, look quite good.

I realized that my atmosphere was subtle, but the tension was slowly young on their faces.

"Amy, General Bernil."

"Lessage me, please."

As a representative of the two, General Bernil bowed his head.

For now, although Amy has been given a certain degree of title, the chief of staff Bernil's position is not low due to the count's defense.

"I'm going to finish my work on the planet."

"What?"

My words opened his eyes wide.

"What's that......"

He's a smart man, so he doesn't know what I mean.

Whether it's over there or my side is small, it sounds like I'm going to see the end.

"I've been waiting long enough for you. Whatever happens in the process, the land of Hines remains normal."

He was silent about what I said.

"And Monmeeder."

"Yes, yes! Degraded!"

a man with a very nervous look on his face What else am I going to do, half expectations and half worries.

His aristocratic distrust remains, but he is still very loyal to me.

"You should go where I'm talking and meet someone."

nevertheless

A look that completely failed to shake off his anxiety!

Discretion is said to be a medicine, but the family history of hitting people seems to be limited.

57. If it doesn't come out, I'll take it out.

"I found it."

"Did you find it?"

Suddenly, a blurry figure was caught in the air, and Jack, a man wearing a mask, appeared.

"Yes, there were reports of people with an outward appearance similar to the missing persons in the Altias, the territory under the control of the Duke of Barieta."

"More details?"

"That was the limit to what I was able to enter. It was definitely beyond my capability. But... ..."

Jack murmured coolly at the end of his speech.

It was clearly an angry tone.

"It has since been reported that among the bodies abandoned in the stream, those whose blood has been completely sucked into the body and turned into mummies have been reported one after another.

"Kya... you stupid bastards."

keep up with one's expectations

Vampires seeking something are secretly working to kidnap certain conditions of humans and extract blood until they dry out.

I thought it might be so, so I asked them to investigate it, and it was completely won.

Of course, vampires aren't the ones who can beat them to death, but these guys have gone too far.

Afterwards, I immediately fixed my image of the royal palace in the capital and got up from my seat.

"Where... are you going?"

"Keep digging for information. I go to the palace."

"You won't even be able to use Mana Gate to return to the palace at this hour, will you?"

"Who says you're using the gate?"

I'm not going to use it again.

Whoo...

Boom!!

At the same time as I said, a purple magic pearl appeared huge on the floor and began to shine, so Lune opened her eyes slightly wide and ran to me and hugged my legs.

"Lune, follow me where Davey goes."

"You're just here, aren't you?""

"Lune, refuse."

He's a determined.

It didn't really matter, so I opened my eyes wide and looked at Jack staring blankly at me.

"Why are you surprised again, you know it."

"Weren't the magic of space travel 7 circles?"

You're an informant. The information itself is tight.

"This isn't a teleport."

[8 Circle Space Takeoff]

[Warp]

Moving magic in a more compatible position, different from teleport.

It's so loud!

A huge purple spark vibrated around me, and my vision suddenly changed with a huge shake.