142 # 142

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 15 of the Six Books

There are only five golem in the world, and considering their potential, value, and direction, you won't be able to get it even if you sell the whole large land.

Sparsity and production are almost impossible?

Even if I sell my country, I won't give it to him.

"Davie!"

"Davie! You son of a gun! You're alive!"

"How... is he alive?"

Unlike the apprentices who fell to the floor and brightened their faces at my appearance, Gao's expression gradually distorted.

"It must have disappeared in Shandra's Bresse..."

"I appreciate that. Thanks to you..."

He then clenched his fist and dug in.

"I've recovered my strength."

"Oh, my God!"

You don't think I had a hard time coming all the way here.

[Noisy Tandering]

[Baekbo Shin]

Poof!!!

Seeing him fly away with the air bouncing in an instant, I took out Hongdan from the subspace of the air and let the air flow loose as if it were a beast.

At the same time, weapons dumped everywhere clattered and slowly began to rise according to my will.

They have been trained for hundreds of years, but they cannot be lost in just half a year.

Although the number is not that high, the consternation of the sword that comes to mind by itself was natural, as everyone who handled the sword has heard of it at least once.

Whoo...

At the same time, the mass exodus of the mana in my body began to emerge, forcing the bodies to unite in the air and fix its shape.

If you don't have enough swords, you have to make them.

dozens of bags As countless weapons, which began to swell from dozens to hundreds, rose higher and filled the sky as if they would fill the sky, the face of the Knights General Gao, who had fallen on the floor and was bleeding in pain, was shocked.

"Today's weather, it's expected to rain."

"No... no way out of the question! What do you mean, this sword?!"

Try your best to avoid it.

[Gear-checked pistil]

[Full flow of the dog's sword]

It is not small memorization that fills the sky along my finger, but the vast mana-bearing swords.

There is also a way to kill someone who has given up his patience.

Instead of memorizing, use a sword and an iron weaponry.

As expected, George's assassination is quite his cup of tea, rather than a quiet assassination.

Of course, not only the gauntlet but also the black robes had to speak with dismay.

"That doesn't make sense..."

"If I had seen it with my own eyes. You have to believe it."

"Oh... no!"

"You can do it says.

That play...

The swords that rose up in the sky, following my gesture, began to turn the ends of the sword to the ground, and soon began to bomb the ground as if each were meteor showers.

The rain of the sword flashes forth.

The number of iron weapons that had been dropped on the floor is very small. Hundreds of other swords were all swords.

Then, the speed of the swords fell far beyond the imagination of the receivers.

"Chew... Hm... ..."

"Gasp!"

"Oh... no! You can't die like this!"

Screechuck!!

"A man is responsible for his work."

The fallen man's naked hood, which could not even scream, had a terrible distrust of the situation and fear of death.

those who were in a state of chaos

"Uh... don't move! Motivated by... hahaha!

"Who takes what they've used once and uses what they've used."

A hostage crisis?

You're the guy I saw earlier in the hostage situation.

It didn't take much time to organize all the people who were panicked, panicked, and ran away.

What began with the fall of the prosecution was neither more nor less than the bloody massacre.

* * *

"Do I dream..."

Seeing hundreds of swords that filled the sky and fell, the saint, Fendir, rubbed his eyes with his free hands and muttered.

The betrayal of the chief engineer in charge of the Knights was also shocking enough.

It was also surprising that Shandra, who said that the movement was unusual due to someone's stimulation, broke in, and that it was actually a trick by Gao the Knights of the Knights, who induced the situation.

However, I couldn't understand what to say about the bizarre phenomenon that is happening in front of my eyes.

And the same was true of the apprentice, who knew a little bit about the sword.

It was full of despair until Illinois was devastated by the bizarre black fog.

Davy, who thought it was the only hope, died out without a trace in Shandra's Bresse and my motive became a dead man in front of my eyes, how can I be fine?

But then things started going completely differently.

Shandra, a transcendental body that should have emerged with a huge presence, was pierced by a golden giant window that flew somewhere, rolled hundreds of meters, flew away, and landed on the ground.

Then, the man who thought he was dead appeared in good condition.

I can't believe I won the sword in that situation.

If Sodmaster is a dream to reach those who use the sword, it is like a legend.

The next scene the masters want to step on the threshold someday.

Even Gior, the head of the Knights of the Knights, who said, "Even if you fight against the three masters, you won't lose easily," could not show the sword by beating the sword.

"That sword... it's amazing every time I see it..."

Sensing the situation, his partner, Lucia Shelman, who was quick to approach, mumbled, casting a recovery spell on him.

"What?"

"That's what happened when I fell to the bottom of the historical site. The two swords that Davy had were cutting off the golem as if they were just alive."

Do you know how ridiculous it is?"

"Well, I don't know. Is that huge?"

It seemed that he did not understand how surprising and absurd the situation was because Lucia did not know much about the sword.

"Oh, my God... it's a real dream. Lucia! Get everything else! Whatever it is, if she's here, let's do what we can!"

At Fendir's judgment, Lucia Shelman sat on the floor and looked at the apprentices staring blankly at Davy's fight and nodded.

"Yes!"

* * *

The smell of blood is everywhere.

Most of the faces of the unwavering black lobes were covered with hoods, but the faces of those whose hoods were stripped were generally filled with horrors and astonishment.

"I love you... what are you... ..."

"You're an apprentice. Don't you know that?"

"Get rid of that shit!"

What kind of young boy under the age of 20 can't even dream of a human being hanging on a sword all his life?

"I can't breathe."

My fingers were flicked at the sight of him stepping back, throwing up blood, as if the previous shot was a fatal wound.

Shu Shu-suk! Quang!

At the same time, some of the few remaining swords of mine flew in, blocking his retreat and creating a huge explosion.

"I told you before."

"......."

"If you've done it, you have to take responsibility."

It was a mistake to accept you to the Knights."

I shook my head at his words.

"You should have thought the other way around. Wouldn't it have been wiser for me to see better than that half-spoon of transcendentalism and break through Pandora's territory?"

"......."

There has been silence, but I cannot erase the feeling of positivity on his face.

It would have been much more stable and justifiable in this situation.

For example.

Department head Deh is here. hehe

Huh, go, deputy! Here you are.

Oh, I have to go to De's place quickly.

Hahahaha! I really like you because you are like a younger brother.

Hehe, then, about the frontier of Pandora this time.

Oh, don't worry! Why would I ignore Mr. Ga's request?

.......

I'm not really saying that.

If he had known about my power from the beginning, this might not have happened.

But I didn't mean to come forward and say, "I'm strong, take advantage of me.

Between B and D, C.

It is said that choice follows between Born and Death.

He eventually made this choice, and only took responsibility for it.

And I, too, will be responsible for the choices I make.

Regret is always late.

"Well, what's the point of this argument now?"

Looking at the only living Gao, I lightly swung Hong Dan to cut the air.

"Just now... is it your power to blow up Shandra?"

"Do you have any more novel wills?"

"What?"

Pooch!!

When he grazed the sword relentlessly as if he was trying to induce dialogue, his eyes opened and his upper body and lower body separated.

His face, which slowly collapsed, was filled with embarrassment and embarrassment.

If you've decided to kill him completely, you should kill him. There's nothing to talk about.

He must have had his reasons, even though he made a foolish choice. If I had known it, I would have done this.

"Those who judge harshly will repeat the same mistake next time."

There's no end to human error.

Repeat the same mistake.

His choice failed as a result.

If Shandra was really overpowered with a very, very low probability. And without me, perhaps this really would have been an opportunity for the Knights to enter Pandora's territory.

Even if the method is wrong.

It's true that he tried to take control of Pandora's territory using Shandra.

"And there's no grave without a story. Persec."

Like her grave? Laughing.

I don't want to understand what he's thinking and what he's doing.

Looking around the tranquil surroundings, I returned all the other few swords to nothing and approached the trainees who were losing their words in one place.

Between them, a fallen, undisturbed Illinois lay with a pale, miserable face.

"Huhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

"You were alive... ...and I'm so glad."

Some said they were fortunate for me.

"Thank you Davy... ...what would have happened if it hadn't been for you..."

Some expressed their pure gratitude.

However, an unexpected figure was out of his mind.

"Lower... ...lower... Please stand up. What?"

Alisa Petrick, who was very embarrassed by Illinois, was trying to wake up by shaking Illinois, who was lying dead.

You're not dead, are you? Please tell me no, please..."

Four, four, four, four, four...

I squinted at Illina, who had fallen past the apprentices without a word.

"Black magic?"

He's a black wizard. He's a black wizard! The evil sorcerer made this degradation and disappeared! He's alive, but why..."

"Get out of my way for a second."

He spoke calmly and brought his index finger and middle finger to his neck, and he began to feel a faint and bizarre vein.

Half dead, half alive.

Still, his body is somehow holding out, perhaps because he has a pure mana.

I know only one magic like this.

a vicious black magic dark magic

Unlike Death Knight, which makes the dead a knight, it is a black magic that takes away the wisdom of the living and decomposes the body.

"Was he trying to turn a person into a dark night alive?"

There must have been Caldiras, which is like a concentration of divinity.

"Oh... no... don't die! I have a duty to protect the decline!"

"Ilina! Please wake up!"

When I don't use my hands right now, they scream and try to save Illinois, but what can I do about it?

In such a fuss, I lightly clapped my hands into the air.

Argh!

"Look away."

Then he bit them and put their index and middle finger on Ilina's forehead.

Soon after, as soon as I closed my eyes gently and opened, black smoke began to flow through my whole body.

Well, it's not too late.