141 # 141

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 14 of the Sixth Book

55. Reverting of Mughi (2)

The world doesn't move easily at one's disposal.

Of course, it was because countless people were living their lives to the fullest in many ways.

In this sense, without Alisa Petrick, who found Cio Howl, who had been stabbed to death, the apprentices would not have gathered so quickly without Boris' continuous efforts to contact him at the right time.

In fact, this change was a little difficult for Gao, the leader of the knights who betrayed him.

"By the way, you've done something stupid out there. I had a hard time finding it, but I'm glad you're all here."

"The... the Knight Commander? Why would the Knights Captain Knight?

Some of the apprentices seemed more shocked by the fact that it was Gao, one of the Knights of the Reinforce Alpha, who attacked them.

"No, right? He can't be trying to kill us..."

"I'll ask you a question."

The lobsters slowly begin to squeeze in.

"Are you willing to devote yourself to the cause of humanity and the glory of the great Knights?"

"Of course! The Knights are my home now!"

He grinned at the cries of twin sisters, one of the anchorman's Nights.

"Yeah, Miss Shire Lenda. That's how I feel."

"But you killed all the senior knights and pushed us like this. And I don't understand you killed Davey!"

With Shire's strong cry, Gaor lowered his eyes.

"Everything is for the sake of the cause. The Transcendental Shandra is an experimental apprentice, Trev... no, when this is over, I'm going to be in the special article, so I'd better call it Lord Trev. Lord Trev's power alone is beyond complete control."

"......."

"That's why I need your help. Don't be so angry. I will never forget your sacrifice. Under the name of Gao the Knights."

He pulled out the spear with his own logic thoroughly.

There are five people needed for the offering. If you guys select five, I'll let the rest of you live on the condition that you erase your memories. I don't feel comfortable killing normal people."

"That's ridiculous!!"

There was not a single idiot who was impressed by Gao's words that forced him to sacrifice himself.

In response to the apprenticeship, humans in the black robe began to move slowly.

Article 3 of the Regulations for Knights of the Reinforce Alpha. You broke the basic rules that knights should follow first."

He chuckled at Illina's answer to speak coldly and lift the sword.

"I'm sorry to hear that. Overpower them all."

"Yes."

With a gruesome voice, the black robes began to move.

The average level of knights, like the disease control team, is usually higher than the exposure, and in addition, the actual experience is higher.

In addition, those wearing black robes seemed to have no objection to the killing of the people that the Knights should avoid the most.

And that feeling gave an answer to the obvious reality.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

"Oh, my God, Lindsay!"

Lindsey Pala, who tried to block her approach by pulling the bow, was the first to get stuck on the floor, and at the same time, people in black robes rushed in all at once and neatly overpowered her.

"Gasp!"

"Ahhhhhhhhhhh! No!"

"Let go of this!"

At the same time, the apprentices were stuck here and there without resistance.

Whoo!

Of course, the apprentices were not just being beaten.

It would be a lie that the resistance is not strong because many of the 268 apprentices are so high that they are suspicious of whether they are apprentices.

Among them, Ilina de Palan's move was clearly unrivaled.

"Kkk...kkk...kkk..."

People who crumble down by throwing blood from their throats are also humans.

Even in the grotesque scene of death, Illina did not put the situation in her hands with an angry look.

"You... you made a mistake."

"A mistake?"

"I will never forget revenge, I will surely kill you."

Shining his ferocious eyes, she began to boost Caldiras' divine power and amplify her power.

At the same time, her new brother bounced like a shell and cut off several black robes that were attacking her.

Then, without stopping, he dug into Gao, showing off a fast, soft sword.

"Hooray..."

Whoo!

Piece of placenta swung with a destructive sound.

What she saw once was her immense talent for sword, which she could not forget easily.

Her attack was sharper and heavier than before, with a slight advance on the level of mimicking Davy's sword once seen.

Kaga is the best!

As if surprised by the destructive power of his imagination, Ga-ra, who opened her eyes wide, exclaimed with admiration.

"Great! I've heard it's the best description, but it's beyond my imagination."

"Shut up!"

"I'm so sad that I have to kill him."

Illina's ability is great.

In fact, it was also true that she was so outstanding that it was hard to find her opponent.

However, if the opponent is a master.

The story had to be different if he could withstand the three or four masters.

"You're a little inexperienced."

Pooooooooh!!

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

As soon as Gaor made a very short gap, a black robe threw itself and overpowered her.

Boom!

At the same time, Gao's thin end of the sword penetrated Robyn and her at the same time.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

Screams of other apprentices who were overpowered by the floor can be heard.

While throwing up blood, the poison did not escape from Illinois' eyes.

"Kill... it's... it's... I'm gonna kill it."

As red blood rushed out of her mouth, which kept repeating that she was going to kill, Ga-ra moved the tip of the sword without hesitation and cut her abdomen severely.

"If you want to see the boy like that, I'll show you. You should go ahead..."

"Wait, Mr. Gao."

It was then.

Unlike other black robes, a man watching the situation from behind came slowly and stopped him.

"Don't kill me for a moment."

"Hmm? Is there something you need to do you have any business?"

"She is a descendant of a spirit blessed sword. Among them, he inherited a lot of blood."

"So?"

"Maybe it could be a good dark night."

It was a meaningless man's remark, but Gao made a few remarks.

"Well, then do it."

When Gao pulled out the sword as if he had no regrets, Illina again moved and threw up blood.

"Curluck... ..Curluck..."

"Are you upset?"

"......."

"All history is in the hands of the winner, Miss Illina. Wouldn't it be better for you to help him live and make great achievements than to die and become a remnant of the past?"

Illina laughed and spit blood at the way she talked as if she were persuading her.

"Buck it, damn thinker. You're sure he'll bury you..."

"Are you counting on the dead? That's too bad."

"Laughing... "Kuruck! Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaa son of a kind, he's going to die. He's the one who's going to climb straight up even if he's in a fire hell."

Whoo...

At the same time, black air began to flow out of the man's body.

Soon, as I began to wrap her around, Ileina's skin began to turn pale.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...

Then he opened his bloody eyes and began to roll around the floor screaming.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

The terrible pain of being a half-dead person alive.

The faces of the apprentices were filled with despair due to the pain of rotting flesh.

"The Spirit Sisters are necessary, so bring them without a scratch. What happened to Shandra?"

"A number of golem's been interfering with the movement for some time. They're not enough to stop Shandra, but they're not enough to stop us."

Gaor briefly kicked his tongue at a report by the Black Robe and looked at one of the sprawling giant golems.

"Davie, the Golem that the boy left behind is just incredible. I've never seen such nonsense outside."

"Let's go back with the samples. If our researchers see it, they'll go crazy."

Now, there is no beauty left in Ilina's intermittent flinching appearance.

Skin turned grayish brown, eyes turned red. from the mouth to the blood-stained saliva

The fingernails were split and long, and the hair became fluffy.

Originally, Caldiras was supposed to prevent the death of such a human being, but Caldiras, who somehow bounced far away, remained silent.

At the sight of Illina, who had been completely silent after the last convulsion, Lindsey closed her mouth with one hand and began to cry.

My colleague and close friend is turning miserable in front of me, so what can I do about it's crazy.

Everyone couldn't shut up because of the unexpected explosion.

Recognizing the fact that you are driven into a terrible situation when there is no one to protect leads to a great loss before.

The apprentices, who had been grinding their teeth but had lost almost their will to resist, began to be dragged by Rob's human spirits.

It was then.

Thuung...

A faint yet clear sound reached everyone's ears.

"Huh?"

"What's that?"

Crying! Crying!

And the sky in the sight of everyone there turned black for a very short time and then found its color again before even realizing what it meant.

It was none other than a giant georong.

If he had wings, he would be mistaken for a perfect mythical dragon.

A king of beasts who flew into the air through a vast expanse of light and was stuck on the floor without mercy.

His identity was none other than the transcendental shandra, a symbol of fear for the Knights.

* * *

Whaddeuk!

The huge spearhead of Longinus, which was stuck in Shandra's body, was not enough to bounce him off, but it blew away his big body and eventually fixed him to the ground as if he were driving a nail into it.

"Look at mine. What do you think?"

Um, yeah, big and beautiful?

You have an eye for it.

A giant creature that suddenly flies away and is stuck in a state of silence at Shandra's appearance.

Ignoring those who looked dumb, they fell like shells from the sky, and five minutes of open-mindedness began to be seen in front of their eyes.

"You're going crazy just because you're away for a while, aren't you? What's wrong with him?"

In my eyes, I saw the youngest Golem Puma scattered.

Even though they are not well-adjusted, they would have allowed quite a few blows if they were to be beaten like that.

Then, on one side, I saw Illina, who was on the floor and didn't budge.

It's not dead. The heart was definitely beating, and the figure was simply as pale as a corpse that had been neglected for a long time.

"Lune, what's the status of the Decepticon squadron?"

"Decepticon Squadron. Three of the five bodies are out of combat. We have to retrieve them ourselves. In addition, Megatron and Sniper multiple damage accumulated. You can move."

No matter how many five dogs are united, the masters are said to be golems that steam away, but the opponent was bad against Shandra, the opponent was bad.

It must be very easy for you to endure this much.

I think the power will go up if we get a little bit of data from Lünne.

"You can retrieve it, right?"

"If you recover the broken and crushed fragments, you can start Megatron and Sniper. Lünne will retrieve the rest."

"Yes."

The size is bigger than Lünne, but except for the case of a puma that has been completely destroyed, the rest can be brought somehow.

"You..."

Gao's expression was distorted by my relaxed appearance as if I were in another world.

"Do you know how much that is?"