148 # 148

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 21 of the Sixth Book

I rolled the stone in my hand without a word. I calmly approached and nodded at the words of Monmidor, who was in charge of training, and Vermann, who was in charge of reporting.

"Yes, let's go."

Speaking calmly, he took a step after locking up the shackles on the armor of the light gloves he was wearing.

There are only 500 troops drawn from the Hines estate.

A large number is certainly not.

There is no big difference because 500 people are caught in the civil war that fights every 10,000 people.

Of course, there will be big differences depending on how you work, but I didn't plan to take them on special operations.

"Thank you all for coming together."

The soldiers' equipment is in very good condition because of the very poor money.

Fluffy full-length e-mail and war chests made by Dwarf in his hand.

In addition, some of the riders were equipped with full plates with armors and even showed their dignity as cavalry.

At that rate, the number is small enough to be less than that.

"I'm sure there are some people who are upset with me because I haven't been paying attention to the land lately."

Even in my words, the crowd is silent.

There are many guards who have brought me since I was a vigilante for the first time, but as the land developed, many of them have moved to Yeongji and have been employed as a guard here.

The faces of the new soldiers seemed full of questions about what the little prince with the scar, who did not show a single face, could show.

"Let's stop beating around the bush, and now the country is in a situation where the aristocracy, which used to eat the country, has revolted."

There is silence.

"They are 30,000 in the army. Sodmaster is one unidentified creature... ...but let's put it aside, there are some mosquito cubs like vermin."

Tension and fear were young on the faces of the soldiers who confirmed the enemy's military situation.

A big fight like war has been almost nonexistent in recent decades.

"At this moment, they are still using their power to conscript innocent kings and establish them as shields to enter the kingdom."

A short breath swept them away with a calm look.

"Some people would think so. Why should we risk our lives to protect the royal family that has not done anything for us? Why should we bring weapons and help where there are some bloody aristocrats who have been squeezing us? You'll have those thoughts. Am I wrong?"

Some of my words were agreed upon with my head.

On the contrary, those who have followed me since the vigilante...

"What's that got to do with you? We owe you a favor and follow you!"

At Gordon's cry, Freeman next to him responds.

"That's right! If the Holy Father dies, I'll jump into the fire!"

"Do as you please!"

"My life to the Holy Father!"

Who is it at the end?

His fanatics...

It is true that the title of saint is given first, but it is also ambiguous because it has not officially been baptized yet.

"Hmm. The rest won't. Right?

When he picked up the soldier he saw for the first time as if asking for consent, he flinched and shouted in a regular position.

"Oh... no! I believe in the Holy Father!"

"......."

Just say it, you guys...

He's not helping me with my speech.

"Well, believe it or not, it's not something I'm going to force. But I'll give you one thing for sure."

Their eyes gathered at my words.

"We are not going to save the palace. In other words, the present royal family is like an x-ray to the chills. It is the axis that we think we should change everything. So, what we do is also for us. And!"

I'll adjust the tone of my voice tone.

From here, a little lower.

"It is also a fight to protect you and my family."

In my case, for the king's people and my brother Barris, who will be king later. And to slowly end the tough relationship.

And you, at least a little bit, avenge those who have lived in the establishment.

Boom!

At the same time, Monmidor, who was at the forefront, picked up a giant halbird and hit it on the floor.

At the same time, some of the land soldiers began to imitate the actions of Monmidor as if they had made a promise.

And the action begins to spread to all soldiers as if it were contagious.

Crowd psychology is...

These guys must be masters of water.

"Many of the rebels now have weapons made from the new metal of the Dwarf. Normal steel will be cut and teeth will burn soon."

Those who had transferred their weapons directly to my words are making their heads heard.

In fact, he sold new weapons to the enemy, but it is not normal for him to use outdated weapons.

Apparently based on fighting between soldiers and soldiers.

"But who is there beside you!"

"Your Majesty is here!!"

"So follow me! I'll promise you the same as before. You are all a family of Hines, leaving late and fast. I'm not going to abandon a single family."

Don't die.

Don't you dare die without my permission.

All you have to do is charge.

All I have to do is protect you and your family.

At the end of the sentence, I lightly pulled out the honor guard, who was standing on the floor with the end of the sword.

"Let's do it right for the guys who have been bothering you so far."

30,000 enemy, one sodmaster. And a short-term specialized battle against an unidentified vampire.

They were not unaware of what this meant. In the first place, there was no choice for me to make sacrifices for many people, who are in the position of protecting the people of the kingdom.

It's just a huge play.

"All men! Get your tools! I'm starting to clean up!"

If Goblin in the land was cleaning, mosquitoes would only scale up the scale to fit the cleanup.

* * *

Verbus acid.

It was the capital of the Kingdom of Loun and the middle fortress of the Duke of Barieta, which was a huge castle that had never allowed foreign invasion.

It is a super-massive castle with a height of more than 30 meters and a width of 10 meters. It was originally an indomitable fortress that existed before the founding of the Loun Kingdom.

The men, who were guarding the wall with very nervous faces, were wearing red armor, and their chests were engraved with the designs of the Duke of Barieta, who symbolized the aristocracy who became rebels.

"Oh, my God... how did this happen..."

There were five soldiers guarding this wall.

Too little? The reason itself was simple.

The rebel aristocrats are the ones who invade.

In this sense, most of the soldiers focused on invasion, but did not pay much attention to Suseongjeon.

At least if they were going to fight back, we could get ready before then.

In addition, the commander's position was that there was no one with a large liver to invade the city of Iberbus, which currently has more than 5,000 residents.

"Hey, where are you from?"

"For God's sake, I was taken from the territory of Rousseff."

"Where on earth have you been conscripting crazy people?"

Heaven was not in a position to speak of when he was told that he had been taken from a remote land.

"I was dragged from the Alos territory."

"Oh no, that mate was completely mutilated in the wallpaper."

"Oh, my God, I'm protecting my castle to protect those people who aren't even human."

I couldn't resist.

Death is what will be done to them at the moment of rejection.

It will die in a horrible way like a spectacle in front of countless people.

Or they could be taken to a place as dark as the rumors and eaten by the mysterious monster.

"Oh, my God... I have to be the pinnacle of the aristocrats that the lord who's been missing my whole life will follow."

I don't like this situation where I'm protecting my most hated opponent because I don't have the strength.

There are one or two colleagues who disobeyed them and died.

"By the way... the royal family must have run for their lives."

"That's true. The number of troops is three times as different. I've already seen a madman down there celebrating his victory."

Heaven sighed at the words.

"Crazy, who's going through this wall? The walls are high and thick to pierce with only 10,000."

The huge gate, the only entrance that can be pushed in, has many magical barriers that have a history that it has never been breached in the past 100 years.

I heard that more than 50 wizards, more than three circles, must be mobilized to break the defensive magic and beat it for more than half a day with a huge charger to break through that gate, which is a weak point in the castle.

The problem is that if we don't cross the border, we can't fight back, let alone counterattack.

"Oh, my God! Coughing!"

An irritating spitting under the castle, he looked at the sunlit ridge beneath his pitch.

"Huh?"

It was then.

For a very short time, he saw a human figure in his eyes.

"Oh, my God. Did I see something wrong..."

While rubbing his eyes against Helbird, who was holding it, he sighed in despair when he could not see anything where he was believed to have been.

"That's true. I'd rather come over and break through this wall of yours."

I'd rather run away.

Heaven was the only one who had such thoughts, and others nodded their heads in bamboo shoots.

"Then run away."

It was then.

They heard the voice of a young boy they heard for the first time on the still wall.

"Huh?"

A sudden voice sounded as if it were ringing in my head. Maybe it wasn't just Heaven who heard the sound, but all the other soldiers who were guarding the place and watching the scene turned their eyes to the place where their voices sounded surprisingly.

There's...

"Everyone's having a hard time."

There was a boy who smiled leisurely and walked past them into the castle.

The height is 30 meters... ...and it also leads to a sloping road that is about 2 to 30 meters below it, just like a wall built over a huge mountain.

without a murmur of such a wall You came up at once?

Even though they didn't want to, this place they were guarding?

Looking at the boy with a surprised face, Heaven soon felt as his body began to rise into the air and was thrown into the wall.

"Cough! Oh, no!"

The height is 30 meters, so if it falls, it has to be a blood rice cake to be normal.

His body, which had been blown into the wall, was as fine as if it had fallen less than 30 centimeters.

"What's this......"

Heaven, who had been staring at the situation because he was a commoner, soon realized that other soldiers who had been guarding the wall with him had fallen nearby and were groaning.

Bam!

Then, he watched the boy who soon blew them up here, jumping and landing lightly on the wall.

"Though four...30 meters..."

Heaven opened his mouth wide as he jumped off a huge 30-meter-high wall and passed them.

"It's me. Enter."

With the words.

"Boyly men don't look back at explosions."

Mumbling and muttering, he took out a blue sword with a shallow sword from the sword house filled behind his back and walked into the fortress.

Tuduk...

And

after a very brief lapse of time

Whoo! Whoo!

Some of the huge walls where they were began to explode and collapse.

In between, hundreds of soldiers rushed into the castle as if they had been waiting.

"Listen to me, soldier."

Even in a thunderous roar, the boy's voice, which slowly walked into the fortress, sounded as clear as a completely different sound.

The boy went straight without looking back, jumping over the red air on his hand.