149 # 149

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 22 of the Sixth Book

The goal is command and aristocrats. I will never forgive anyone who plundered or surrendered innocent people. But show the bitter taste to the fearless attackers."

[8th Gastric Vocalization]

[God's Protection]

Two-stage buff efficiency amplification magic in the superscope range.

The effect will show an increase beyond what I once walked.

"Follow the Eucharist!!"

"Power! Overflowing!"

"I feel so young!"

a massive buff applied to all 500 soldiers

Seeing those who went beyond human physical abilities as if they were huge supermen, Heaven couldn't escape from the thought of whether he was dreaming.

He came to his senses and recognized that this was an assault, and that the wall had been breached that had never been breached before.

It was when the soldiers who were shouting and rushing past him quickly entered the fortress.

The kingdom's counterattacks were faster, more accurate, and more destructive than expected.

* * *

Was it because he didn't think it would ever be breached, leaving only a minimum number of troops?

Most of the 5,000 soldiers were conscripted helplessly.

Furthermore, the sudden rampage of soldiers armed with speed, muscle strength, and new equipment that ordinary soldiers could not afford made the whole castle a mess.

"Sa... Please save me!"

He is the current lord of Verbus Castle, a member of the aristocracy in the past, who thought he had no fear of invading the area.

Count Coulson, a close confidant of the Duke of Barieta, fell down before me and prayed, shaking his hands.

"The Earl of Colson."

"Yes... yes! Prince Davy!"

I continued silently to see him shaking and answering, thinking that he had to live somehow.

"There are dozens of irregularities that have been financed by illegal slaves, and there are a variety of acts that have been committed on the back of the duke'"

"What?"

Whoo!

As soon as the word was over, the blue-green body cut off some of his body.

"Kuck! Kuck... ..."

"Nobody can help the author. So that you can watch yourself die to the whole time."

After saying so, I looked at 500 soldiers lined up like a knife.

The castle, which is the largest large city in the Loun Kingdom and is guarded by as many as 5,000 soldiers, was taken down in just two hours.

About 80 percent of the 5,000 soldiers are mostly conscripted.

When they had a chance to live, they never missed it and immediately surrendered after throwing away their armor and armor.

Indeed, the siege ended in an instant.

No large force, no new air-launched equipment.

There was no more fear left for the soldiers as long as the first monster, who became a human shell and blew away the wall, became a guide.

It was after he was so fascinated that he was fascinated by Davy's divine magic, which made his body as strong as knights who trained Manna, who were only ordinary human beings.

The moment when the word "protecting one's life" became true, not a myth.

The existence of Davy in their heads is not just a young boy lord vaguely followed by the former Hines lords.

I really felt like a lion from heaven.

"Hail to the Holy Father!!"

Ten director Gordon shouts at the right time.

"Hurrah!!!"

At the same time, Freeman, who had been acting like him every time, also raised his hands high and shouted.

"Hurrah!!!"

Once it begins to spread, this atmosphere grows uncontrollably.

A little frowned at the deafening cry, I fell on the floor and glanced at Count Coulson, who was convulsed.

an incredible expression an expression of resentment

He has done enough to eat everything and do something below human beings, but that's how he looks.

"You're loud, you guys! I must keep my word, so I will march straight to the next citadel! Do you have any complaints?!"

"Nothing!"

"I will follow you forever!!"

Feeling satisfied with the fierce cry, I reduced the problems that would occur on the territory to a minimum when I left and took out the crystal ball.

"The Marquis of Pailtris. It's me. Please march."

All you have to do is watch you and the Royal Army. I am the one who started this work; I will protect the innocent and punish those who will be punished.

Starting with Verbus Castle. The advance of the high-speed force has resumed.

* * *

"Geez! Sa... ..please save me, degradation!"

"The Count of Latos.

a confidant of the Duke of Barieta

A man who secretly sold military supplies to foreign countries to collect money and used the power of the Duke of Barieta to cover up the fact and bear the vacuum created by it to Young Ji-min.

Lord... I'm guilty of death!"

"If you're guilty of death, you're going to die."

"Gasp!"

With a gruesome sound, a giant man falls on the floor and convulses.

It was the same as Coulson.

Unlike the sly, they are punished who have to die very slowly while watching them die in real time.

Death is like an escape in a sense, but if you think about it in such a complicated way, it's not one or two people who should be dropped into slavery.

"Self-produced by Clittoheys."

"Crime... I plead guilty! I surrender! Degradation! The right of prisoners! ...."

"You're making a fuss."

Whoooooo!

A close aide to the Duke of Barieta, an extreme paedophile, who has been brazenly circulating even though she issued a compulsory ultra-night ticket by mobilizing girls around 10 years of age on her territory.

You'll die, you dog.

Count Kukulza.

He was caught sleeping or sleeping in the room, saying, "The enemy will never come when the situation is urgent."

He is a close aide to the Duke of Barieta, who, like others, has a precedent of selling his position in the personnel affairs department.

a day and a half

Within that short period of time, several fortresses guarding the Duke of Barieta collapsed.

Although they were not as completely Mercury as Berbus, they were at least somewhat prepared, unlike Verbus Castle, which was attacked by surprise.

It was also guarded by a considerable number of soldiers, if not as much as Verbus Castle.

Even though the distance would be enormous, the faces of the soldiers who followed me without getting tired were as energetic as the soldiers who started immediately.

It was not only the aristocrats who were embarrassed by the ignorant and reckless advance of the Hines soldiers I sent out.

"Oh, my God..."

When he was contacted by Davy, he first wondered what this meant.

Even if they analyzed it coolly, it was a fight that they had no chance of winning.

I knew this would happen, but it was also true that Prince Davy, who did this openly, was suddenly resentful.

But he is loyal to the kingdom.

He had to protect the kingdom somehow and protect the king he served.

With only 10,000 soldiers to fight against 30,000 soldiers, I pondered for days and nights how to stop their attacks and counterattack.

The third sodmaster in the kingdom is in a position to protect the capital city, so we cannot expect power at this time.

by the way

[I got it] Come on in.]

What is this?

I wondered if this bloody prince, imbued with absurdity, had rushed with only 500 troops of the land of Hines.

And, as a result, it was true...

The Marquis was shocked by the reality that unfolded before his eyes.

Part of the huge wall, which is 30 meters high and 10 meters wide, disappeared neatly into a circle as if something huge had burst.

The cross section was terribly smooth, and it flew away neatly.

Starting with Verbus Castle, which I thought would be the most difficult.

The Marquis had no choice but to feel faint at the news of the regular victory.

* * *

Boom!

"Does this make sense!! How the hell did you do that, in less than three days, four or five of the fortresses were taken down by only 500 soldiers!"

At the cry of the furious Duke of Barieta, the old man wearing armor made a stiff face.

"We must have taken Prince Davy's stigma too lightly."

No matter how hard I think about it, that's all I can do.

Prince Davy is using the power of something because he has acquired a scar called the miracle of God, and the scar is different from the common scar.

Although the cause of the wall's blast was not the stigma, it made those who thought that Prince Davy had only the stigma of being so.

The problem was that even if there was a scar from common sense that they knew, the speed of this would not make sense.

Let's say that's the case with the report that the wall has been blown away.

The high-profile magic firepower that was used by the Pope in the present state in the past was similar to the magical firepower used by the high-ranking wizards in droves.

But what should we think about the speed of the soldiers' movement?

The location of the castle's successive fall from Berbus Castle can be moved in as little as a half day to as few days.

It will be possible if you ride a horse.

However, the speed of the soldier's foot was not a chance.

It's like...

Isn't it the same speed as moving space in bulk?

Bang!

"Oh, my... I're in trouble. Even Yallis Mountain, one of the last lines of defense!

The atmosphere of the conference hall, where aristocrats gathered, cooled down by the cry of a large aristocrat who rushed in.

At this point, it became impossible to know who was attacking.

I'm sure we took control of the great land from the start as planned.

When I came to my senses, the center was already pushed back.

"I'll try to stop it."

"Lord Enjaya..."

"Prince David is stronger than I thought, but I am also a sodmaster. It's not going to be that easy. While I stop him, march to the royal castle. If you use the remaining routes, you will be able to move without difficulty."

The key is how long you hold out.

"I'll go, too. I'm going to kill the damn Davy with my hands!"

Afterwards, his head echoed as he ran wild and lost his fear to Kalus.

The Duke of Barieta looked at a man who remained silent, with his arms crossed in silence, despite this situation.

Vampire face.

I'm not too happy to see what I've been up to waiting for.

"Hey, man. Don't you think you should help?"

"......."

"I was helping you with what you wanted to do, and this incident came to pass."

There was a cool smile at the mouth of Pace, who had been silent about the cold words of the Duke of Barieta.

Then slowly, he untied his arms and came up and looked at the Duke of Barieta.

"What..."

All the nobles gathered in the conference room embarrassed by his sudden behavior.

Whoo!

Then, in an instant, Peace's hand held the Duke's neck and lifted him into the air.

"Kuck... ..kuck!"

"Go... the Duke!"

"You punk!"

Surprised by Pace's sudden action, the nobles pulled out their swords in unison.

Even if you've never used a sword before, it's war to bring weapons.

In an instant heated atmosphere, Kalus jumped up and shouted.

"What are you doing? Can't you put it down right now?"

With a gruesome smile at his cry, Faith looked at the Duke of Barieta and untied his hand.

Kudangtang!!

At the same time, the Duke of Barieta's tools fell to the floor, gasping for breath and coughing.

"I'm not your man. I think you're forgetting."

"Your son..."

"Don't get me wrong, low man. You have no authority to order me. The only thing that can 'propose' me is that prince who signed with me."

Then he turned around and strode out.

Good news will come in an hour. I educate him myself and make him look good."

He said that and walked out.

But no one could say anything to him.

The life he showed for a moment.

Even the Sodmaster Marquis Njja was frightened to the point where he stopped with fear.

The Marquis Enjaya, who was looking at the back of Faith without a word, frowned and looked at the Duke of Barieta, frowning at the fact that he was hardened by fear.

"I'll take 5,000 soldiers and take Prince Davy's head. Please wait."

If those two are blocked and both soldiers are lost, the next order is themselves.

Because they did not know about it, the aristocrats who gathered hoped that their great deeds were not lax enough to be suppressed in just a few days.