144 # 144

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 17 of the Sixth Book

the arbitrary evolution of human beings

In terms of the name of the theory, it is a theory of forced transformation because it is endlessly long.

The evolution of manna and other forces and the growth of the human mind are not evolution, but human-selected and human-intended.

As a result, her theory was half right and half failed.

the inexplicable great surge of power that mental growth has.

And the flow of mana that human beings have reached the limit is intermingled with each other, and the body is elaborately disintegrating inside.

Here, it can be said that general and arbitrary transition are divided.

Unlike the usual case of protecting one's life, breaking and reconstructing only the body, this case ends with breaking it as it comes to without safety devices.

So, unless you reconstruct the body and have a device to save your life, there is nothing like this as a new way of suicide.

Also, it is true that a large amount of force is needed.

So what he used was the flesh of Shandra, a huge power cycle, a vortex of power he launched, and a small fire, an extra life.

It's a rare item, but if it's so effective, you can't be disappointed if you lose it.

If it's going to take a while.

It was that the energy of the Shandra Minnea body, the king of recuperation who adapts anywhere, remains in the body and does not disappear like a foreign object.

It seems to have settled down with the strength that was left in the body during the physical reconstruction.

It's hard to take it off, but it's uncomfortable to let it go.

Is it because of the expression of the great anti-pollution magic?

The effect of the grueling settlement became noticeably weaker and began to slowly collapse.

Her father taught her a really ridiculous guy.

Your father, in the middle of a hero battle, turned around and split the ocean.

* * *

"It's a sign of transcendence!"

Knights of the Reinforce Alpha, including Boris, who quickly entered the forest of tests.

They were furious when they belatedly noticed the terrible plans that took place in the forest of the test.

Gao's betrayal, one of the five knights, was also a betrayal, but he could not easily forgive other external beings who seemed to have colluded with him.

Currently, the forest of tests is covered with strange forces as if it were covered with thick tents, so it is not easy to enter or contact.

As a result, Boris, who was lucky and did not make any significant progress since he succeeded in contacting him for the first time, had no choice but to stamp his feet.

then

A column of incredibly clear and powerful light penetrates the sky, with vibrations that seem to shake the entire forest for a very short time.

He tore up the clouds and disappeared.

Since then, the scaffolding has completely collapsed.

Of course it wasn't Boris and the Knights who would miss this opportunity.

1st and 7th speed up outside! Find and protect the Junior apprentices! And the rest of the knights follow me and stop Shandra!"

They wanted to say that it would be impossible if they asked.

Four experienced Swordmaster-class knights were unable to use their hands.

In such a situation, only two sodmasters are currently going to stop the Shandra. The rest were all limited by their exposure levels.

No matter how much experience you had, no matter how many times you had, you were not the opponent you could win.

Nevertheless, I had to go.

It was the land they were supposed to protect. They have the most important apprentices to keep.

I was told that an unusual apprentice named Davy had more than master-level power, but that was not enough shameless people to wait for it.

"Everyone! We're on our toes!"

Boris shouted with a nervous face, following signs that Shandra is believed to have raced here and there.

As soon as you cross the ridge, there will be a huge shandra.

Will the apprentices be alive? No, the possibility will be small.

Although the existence of Davy remained in his head, he thought he could not survive dozens of enemies, knights Gao and Shandra.

"Captain Boris! It's the children! No major injuries, but he's down!"

In an urgent cry, Boris raised his speed with his eyes wide open.

Current knights, including themselves, aim to subdue Shandra.

However, if there were protected apprentices, their priorities would have to change.

"Everyone! We've got children safe! Golden! Silver! Find Shandra! Report his movements!"

"Yes!"

Seeing the blond and silver-haired men moving quickly with their heads down at the same time, he was soon guided by an advance team and was able to go to the place where the children were lying down.

And

"This is... what is it?"

With a hardened face, he opened his mouth to the devastation spread out in front of his eyes.

As the advance team said, the children were lying down.

As if they were running away, they seemed to have lost their minds after being caught up in a huge aftermath.

And it wasn't Shandra who was Boris' supposed enemy that created the devastating aftermath.

If it were him, he should have been seen clearly.

The devastation, which is hard to believe even with the eyes, was simply a sign of something huge.

What happens when an animal that is hundreds of meters in size scraps the ground?

The dense, white-eyed forest was completely dug up as if a huge existence had revealed itself.

I had to check the safety of the apprentices first, but I couldn't take my eyes off the tragedy in front of me.

"What the... ..."

Perhaps that was not the only emotion, but there was a murmur of knights who hardened from the side.

I was wondering who created this bizarre tragedy while standing absentmindedly.

Boris was suddenly able to see someone standing in the middle of a huge crater far beyond his sharp vision.

He must be the mastermind of the situation.

Common sense would like to ask if that is possible, but instinct clearly cried out that it was true.

It was none other than a boy who stood silent between the huge black dust.

The boy, looking up at the sky silently as if to console someone's soul, was hanging out a long window in his hand.

"Davie..."

Then, he soon called the boy's name with a hard face as if he had realized the boy's identity.

Davey, standing in the center of the crater and holding one shoulder and bending his head around, looked very calm.

Ging... Captain Boris! Answer me! Give me a situation report!

The sound of one of the chief drivers is urgently heard as a communication crystal ball that began to operate after the scaffolding was broken.

Boris murmured furtively as he heard their voices.

I'm reporting on Chapter 1... Boris Telman, Award... Hwang's End..."

What? What are you talking about? Shandra! What happened to the traitor Gao?

"That's... ..."

Shandra, the king of transcendence, the king of beasts, and Gao are not seen, but if he were at a scene like this, the result would be obvious.

"I think... it's over already..."

Frustrated by his report, another voice came from beyond the crystal ball.

What? Does that make sense? What's Shandra like? Besides, Gao is a regular strongman! Are you sure you checked it out?

"No, I mean..."

I told you to watch it for yourself.

He's a traitor and he's a traitor, and it's harder to believe that he's in front of us.

How should I describe this absurd scene that is hard to express in words?

It was so difficult for the horse to pop out of its mouth.

* * *

If the bomb went off, you could say it went off.

However, everyone who once looked at the scene, including Boris, said so in chorus.

"Davie, who is he?"

Even the experienced apprentices, or even the apprentices, who saw the nonsense before their eyes, disagreed with the question.

It is said that it is impossible to make concessions a hundred times to deal with Manna and to make an expansion that is now beginning to strengthen.

So what about sodmasters?

In the same sense, what about the 6 Circle Wizard?

They will be right in a word because there is no master at all.

be impossible

As such, the aftermath of Davy's devastation was huge.

More than anything, if it were the prince of a small country who said he had spent half of his life in a coma.

After investigating the case in his own way, what he found was that he was a prince of a small country and was in a coma for a long time. And the fact that he downloaded the stigma and medical knowledge were superior to expected.

There was nothing else to be sure about, although it was a little curious about his move on Ordem's estate.

It doesn't make sense to express such ignorant power just because the scar is a trace of God, not to show the proficiency of the use of sacred power.

I was told that Davies had more power than their imagination, but those who saw the aftermath themselves had no choice but to vent their spirits.

Even if the scale is large, it is too big for the current situation.

"Davie apprentice... is this a bomb or a gift from God..."

"You think well. Davy's apprentice is not a very righteous personality, but at least it's clear that he's friendly with us. There's no reason to antagonize him, and most of all, you should know that it wouldn't have ended this long without Davy's apprentice."

"That's right, Solji, tell me, Davy is in trouble, and my son's head is almost gone because of the mess I's messes up.

"But don't we have to figure out the exact situation?

The meeting of the three knights and senior members who attended the meeting was quick.

Consequently, the traitor Gao died. And Shandra, a runaway transcendental body that was at a loss how to solve it, was handled.

To whom?

No one else but a boy with an apprenticeship ticket who is now supposed to take an official test.

In the first place, I knew from the historical site that an unidentified new apprentice named Davy had strong power.

Although Lucia, who basically has a heavy mouth and a strange personality who doesn't know what he's thinking, saved his words, it was clear that he had master-level power in overall terms.

but

The situation, which almost made me wonder where the limit of his power was, made me wonder about his identity.

"The power of that power is similar to the power of the sword in the old book. ...Isn't he the successor to the completed sword, unlike the Ilyna apprentice?"

"The succession of the sword? Hahahahaha! Why don't you just say he's a dragon? Laugh out loud!

"Hahahahaha! That's right! This assumption was a bit too much."

"Really?"

He is a disciple.

Of course, the heads of the conference's press corps and senior drivers have no way of course.

Rather, it would be urgent to find out which organization Gaor joined hands with the knights who betrayed him."

"It's obvious if the organization knows about Reinforce Alpha and can deal with it."

"Other Last Whispe..."

The tissues of the Last Whispe are spread across the continent.

Of course, there were quite a few organizations expected to have some interaction between the same knights.