147 # 147

The Manreb hero is coming back!

six volumes and twenty volumes

"Huck..."

"Kkkk..."

Two men who are crushed and crushed under my feet stare at me like I'm going to kill themselves.

"Prince degradation! We've found survivors."

"About 30 people!"

"Transfer them all to the temple for advanced purification. The payment will be fully paid by this side. "

"Okay! One thing! Come on, move!"

They seemed obviously angry at the situation because they were in neutral, not aristocratic or royal.

Humans kidnap the same human and use it as a sacrifice for monsters.

In fact, this happens frequently in the dark world, but such fearless work on a large scale is bound to change the story.

"Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk"

All I've found here is two lower class vampires.

The number of high-level vampires must have been small or absent.

I kicked my tongue as I watched various victims, from girls to women, who were carried around in blankets and carried away by knights.

In an instant, after the suppression, the sight of the junkyard completely burned down and I was completely overpowered by knights and looked at the vampires kneeling down.

These guys will also be banned anyway, so it's meaningless to ask with envy.

a dental floss

[Davie, Lünne reports the end of the situation.]

"What about the damage?"

[Lunne, Excellent Combat Weapon] I thought there was no damage. In addition, secure a large number of human female bodies and move them to the church.

"Well done. I just emptied the last warehouse, so pull out immediately."

[Lunne, I'm convinced.

I relaxedly looked down at the vampires after powering down the short-distance communication crystal ball.

They stared at me with a grim impression as if I were a crippling enemy.

There's no difference from the looks of humans.

It is also true that if you exert your strength, your fangs grow longer and your eyes get red, and your skin looks a little bit paler than humans.

Isn't that different enough in the first place?

'You're right.'

I look at them without a word, and I look at them with a benevolent expression.

"You bastard! Faith will tear you to pieces!"

"You're such a low man!"

He nods his head at the endless stream of verbal abuse.

"Yeah, it's natural for you in the predator's position to eat a human being in the position of a predator. So I will forgive you."

The faces of the two vampires were bewildered when they spoke to them with such loving faces, as if angels had descended.

But soon I began to giggle and giggle as if I could be touched by my benevolent smile.

"Then let's get this thing out..."

"But will he forgive me?!"

Whoooooo!

In an instant, he changed his expression and blew two of his necks with Hongdan-ro, which he held in his hand, and the two firm necks jumped into the air as if they were cut off their head.

Well, Hongdan can't forgive.

[Hong Dani, are you doing a good job?]

You're so obedient about who's daughter is.

Although not modernized, Hong Dan-ga's voice rang in her head with a faint resonance.

Even if you're a vampire, it's okay to cut your hair with a knife that's sacred.

I erased a look of madness and nodded to the knights who looked at me as if they were surprised, even though they looked puzzled.

"Gather all the bodies. And it is filial to the square of the capital. Wear their sins all over the body and hang them naked."

That way, people who live with their own taste will go crazy and all the people who are hiding will come out.

Vampires get angry when they are attacked by a person they consider inferior to even their own kind as they have strong self-esteem.

It's true of any race, but vampires are so severe that the effect will be very straightforward.

"Davie, the rumors are spreading one by one. And then the next beggar...

"Show me the next place, and I'll shake everything off within today."

In my words, the knights, who were surprised to see Jack's appearance, hesitated, quickly took a disciplined posture and followed me.

* * *

"For God's sake!"

What the hell!!!

Public opinion is so scary.

"How dare you to beg for me!"

Kallus, who was struggling with this, made a fuss, forgetting that the wig he was already wearing fell down on his head.

I couldn't contain my anger.

He himself was of great descent from the beginning.

No talent, no appearance, no lineage.

He was the one who grew up to be the best in this country.

Everything that bothers you has been cleared away by a word and everyone is full of talent for him, you will be the next king. You are a great and noble being.

The exposed hostility of such a large number of people to Kalus, who had been hinted at, caused unbearable anger.

It hurts my ears to hear the people standing up and shouting for him to be executed.

"Hey. Why aren't you saying anything?"

Carlaus, who was bracing and angry, soon stared at the cold-faced man, who was silent, leaning his back on one side of the room.

You are to blame. This wouldn't have happened if you'd done it in secret more!"

His fits of shouting kept the man silent and slowly opened his eyes.

The man, who was looking at Kalus with a horrifying cold stare, soon smiled as if he had cleared his mind.

"I think that Davey knows how to make our nobleman angry."

I think I need to catch it right away, rip off the limbs, and suck all the blood of precious people in front of my eyes to relieve my instinct.

Kalus shivered at his feeble muttering.

Kalus stepped back as the red air began to flow around him with an eerie flesh.

"Your son..."

"I'm almost there, but I'm interrupted like this. Well, that's fine. It's not too late to start with the bug in the way. The prince does what the prince can do."

"What are you thinking?"

"You have to trample on a bug that you didn't even know the subject."

Let's stop playing pranks.

The sight of him scattering into the air wiped cold sweat off his face.

Although it was a contract relationship, he had something colder than the cold gaze sent by his former mother's wife, Shari.

* * *

"You can't do this!"

What do you mean "Vampire"? Have you done this nonsense without telling us anything?! The Duke?!"

The Duke of Barieta was silent in protest from the nobles.

I knew the situation would happen someday, but it was too twisted from the start.

The Duke of Barieta was not a blind man.

That's why I knew that Kalus was accompanied by someone unknown.

And I could also see that it was a freak.

Unlike my daughter's girlfriend, he didn't hide the strange air I had.

Those who were quick-witted noticed the gap at once.

Later, he knew he was a vampire, and when he heard that he would be a helper for Kalus, he embraced and accepted them.

Although there was a problem of kidnapping a small number of royal citizens and providing them with blood, the death of some of them would not be a problem in their path.

It was also good to cover up the warehouse and work without even being able to recognize outstanding new recruits or wizards.

Considering the overwhelming power he has, this is just an investment.

In the end, even if the crown prince becomes Davy, not Kalus, I thought it would not be a problem if they used their power to push the civil war perfectly to a landslide victory.

Now the royalists and the aristocrats have crossed a river that cannot turn back.

"Everyone, calm down."

"Calm down?! You look calm......"

"Are you afraid now?"

The rest of the audience was silent at the words of the Duke of Barieta.

"Those who are here are already at the big event. Do you think they're going to back out now?"

"......."

"Then I'll think. We are doing what we can do. If it was going to be a war, I'd rather hide one way to win."

At the words of the Duke of Barieta, the audience was silent.

"Lord Bones."

"Yes, sir."

"What happened to the supply of military supplies?"

"We managed to get a large supply of weapons just in time. That's also a new product from Dwarf. I bought a lot of channels to see if they were trying to rake in the money and pass it on at a cheap price."

"Ho, Dwarf Gera... ...where did you buy it?"

"This is Hines Youngji. Haha, Prince Davy was stupid. My weapon will strangle me. In fact, the durability and sharpness of the new weapon tested with a steel sword were outstanding. And that's how we're going to finish our preparations."

The Duke of Barieta flinched at his words.

"What?"

"A weapon of excellence..."

"Before that."

"Oh, I bought it from the Hines estate."

In his report, the Duke of Barieta held his forehead with one hand.

Something is wrong with this.

Prince Davy, whom he saw, was not the type to do such a stupid thing openly.

I don't think you've done it in a hurry because of your hostility and your anger towards them.

It's like, isn't it too well-organized?

It's as if they've helped them both in the back to start an uprising...

'Oh...'

It's a trap.

Even though he thought so, the Duke of Barieta clenched his teeth.

The trap is clear.

However, I can't stand back from this situation.

It doesn't matter what a vampire is or what kind of human Carlos is.

Everything will be divided depending on the outcome of the civil war, and if you are good at it, you can easily overcome pressure from other countries.

They don't have the authority to interfere in this country when it comes to civil war.

If the Marquis had not taken their corruption books in the first place, there would have been no problem without Prince One showing his presence in every case.

Now it's too far back to think like that.

58. If the gate is solid, blow it up.

a revolt of some high-ranking aristocrats, led by the Duke of Barieta.

As the civil war began to ignite, the atmosphere of the kingdom began to peak.

The soldiers, led by the Duke of Barieta, had a total of 30,000 soldiers, one Swordmaster belonging to the aristocracy and a number of unidentified vampires.

It's like scratching up a huge amount of money that holds half of the military power.

Considering the population of this country, it is a huge number.

It is also true that even the Swordmaster, which is called an individual's military, is bound to lose if he fights head-on with an enemy of 10,000 units.

On the other hand, it's a collection of power from the Royalists.

Marquis Paltris was everything to 10,000 troops.

To be exact, is there me who downloaded the scar and is now known to start using divine magic?

Anyone can see that the aftermath of the fight is at a disadvantage as the royalists are at a disadvantage.

The number of 10,000 was also filled by the volunteering of young people in the kingdom who were angry with vampires and the people of the royal family and sacrificed them.

"Ha, I'm ready."