154 # 154

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Seven volumes and three episodes

Soon, King Crianes walked in quietly.

As a result, all the nobles in the conference room slowly knelt on one knee.

The number of aristocrats in the conference hall was extremely reduced because the majority of the nobles who participated in the revolt were caught and imprisoned underground.

I wonder if I can roll the country like this.

"Everyone... ...had a hard time."

"I just did what I had to do."

It was me who answered calmly.

Although the head of the punitive force was Marquis Paltris, no one now knows that I have overpowered everything with minimal damage in this war.

I, a weak and powerless prince, have now become a man who can't be treated carelessly in this country.

Is this the right thing to do?

Rumors did not spread here and there because the information was relatively controlled, but perhaps now, no matter what you do in this country, you will be in the spotlight.

No, as long as they are not idiots, neighboring countries that have been keeping an eye on the state of this country must have noticed.

"How to do something sad or something to do. I'd like to decide on the disposition of those involved in the rebellion. Prince David Ollun. Raise your head."

"......."

"You have made a tremendous achievement that no one has ever imagined in this case.

"......."

He remained silent because he knew it wasn't just a compliment.

"I ask, the nobles who were involved in the rebellion and the Duke of Barieta, their chief. And what do you want to do about the two princes who have done their duty as royalty?"

It's supposed to be decided by King Krianes. He did nothing more than that.

Whether he wants to test me or feels a little guilty about me, the answer will only be in his mind.

I kept quiet and opened my mouth to his question.

"I'll pull out my tooth."

"Hmm..."

"Hmm..."

What I said was not just about pulling out the tooth.

There is only one case for those who are forced to do so.

an intention to prevent suicide

Mostly in these cases, most of them deprive those who commit extreme felonies of all positions and demote them to hard coal mining slaves.

'I don't like slavery very much.'

If you want to live and feel extreme pain, there is nothing you can't use.

King Crianes could not say anything more because he knew I had been waiting for this moment.

"Really... should I? But he was once your brother."

"The second prince, Kalus, has shaken the country. And it's still shaking. They have challenged the authority of the king, who is not enough."

"......."

"So far, it's an objective position. I still remember the moment when my body was shot and mocked."

"Davie..."

"There is no one in my brother named Kalus and Benedict."

In my words, all the other nobles bowed their heads.

"You have been very unfaithful to me. Your Majesty!

"Please don't let us pass our earnest words!!"

All the nobles speak in chorus. Some of them may try to fill their stomachs by stealing the wealth of the aristocrats.

Some may be worried that they might be retaliated for the incident, and others may want to make sure that it is done.

"...that's good. I'll give you a royal order."

He slowly declared, touching his forehead with one hand that seemed to hurt his head.

"Listen, this is the worst treason of the nation. Thus, the capture of the bandits, the Duke of Barieta, the 2nd Prince Carlos Allan, and the 3rd Prince Benedict Allan. be demoted to slavery Later, they are sent to the Hajji Slave Coal Mine, the prison of the most brutal prisoners, and labor is imposed for the rest of their lives!"

His solemn declaration made me look as if I had lowered my head without a word.

* * *

"The queen is dead."

At the end of the day, here we go.

I asked calmly, ignoring Persec's murmur from the side.

"Did you expect how I would react, Your Majesty?"

"Davie."

"The most hated beings for me were Kalus and Benedict. And then Queen Lynnes."

Do you know who's next?

Your Grace.

"How should I take this?"

"Davie, I had to let her go."

"I have told you that your past is no longer an area of interest to me."

His voice became once in a blue moon at my words.

"I had to... ..the queen's misdeeds were obvious, but it wasn't right. "

"If you're going to do that, you'd rather talk."

It was also a promise with your mother. It was the only promise that Queen Elizabeth and Queen Linness kept to this point. So... bury this here."

I didn't have a father who won his son, and I couldn't take him apart, so I was a fool in the end.

Are we confident to say who did well to each other?

"...the next prince will be Varys."

"......."

"But not now. Solve the many problems that exist today."

"Davie."

"Your life is only a few months away. But."

I, who cut off my words, raised a light divine power in one hand.

"Don't give me any excuse to run away to a body that has been destroyed by such poison."

[Haines Hill]

Whooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh!

A strong light wafts through his body.

It is an ultra-high-level recovery magic that could be used by Pope-level officials, but I assure you, this detailed and sophisticated recovery magic would be impossible even for the pope.

"Ten years. Stabilize this country within it. Then, create a platform for Varys to become king and lead the entire kingdom with dignity. So that it can be followed just by the fact that he."

"Is that... ...revenge for this father who left you alone?"

"I believe in a minimum of conscience, but if this happens again. I'm going to move again."

I don't use this complicated method then.

I mean, don't leave a painful path for your fourth son, who will succeed you as king.

I'm not interested in the king.

The younger brother I love and cherish has a desire to become a king.

I'm thinking of fighting a political battle with the Barris, hanging myself in a shitty position as a king.

I don't even want to lay an excuse on myself under the pretext of irresponsible responsibility.

However, as a prince of this country, I was in the position of 1 prince, so I was going to take responsibility and duty for the proper rights and privileges that come back to me now.

Although it's a shameless conclusion.

On this day, I officially declared that I had given up all authority to become a crown prince.

It's a perfect escape.

* * *

I visited the palace's dungeon before leaving for the Hines estate, as it would be the last.

"Davie!!! Davyeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!"

Kallus, who had fallen on the floor, attacked me with a fit.

Crying!!

But between him and me, a tight, solid metal cage was blocked.

Boom! Boom!

"I'm going to kill you!! Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Davey!"

There was a growing sense of life in one eye, which seemed to spill even rays from the rest of the eyes of the man who was wearing a bandages.

"That's a good fortune, Kalus."

Did you get hit on the way here?

There's a black spot in the sun above your head.

"Davie!"

"You're not a prince anymore."

"You dare!! How dare you deceive me!!"

The man, who roared and raged, rolled on the floor and vented his anger.

"You will now be taken away from the Haji coal mine as a mine slave. I'll never get out of there again, and I'll live my whole life there and die."

"What... what?"

Don't you know the Hajji coal mine? You must know that place very well. How many innocent people did you put in your hands saying you didn't like it?"

a blinding, punishable mine

You reap what you sow. You punk.

His body flinches greatly at my words.

How can I not know?

One of the ways the Duke of Barieta bullied countless people was to send them there against them.

I don't know, but more than half of those there must be overwhelming resentment toward the Duke's personnel.

"Don't worry. Now that you've prepared thoroughly to never kill, the time ahead will be long, and the time you spend there will be longer than when you were a prince."

You're young, aren't you?

He clung to the cage with his eyes wide open as he teased.

In a sense, it is more punishment than death.

"Do you think you can let me go?""

"It's already been decided and soon the executors will come to prevent your suicide. I don't think you've got the reality yet."

I'm not sure what I'm saying, but I face him straight with him.

There was a momentary lapse of life.

"You are a felon who has now revolted."

a felon of felony

Is that the only way to understand the situation, or is it afraid of the aftermath?

His expression began to turn blue.

"Eh... Davey! Don't do this! We're brothers! They're blood brothers!"

"Brother?"

"Well... yes! Oh... no! Yes. Brother! What do you mean haoji? Are you really going to send your brother to that horrible place?!"

He was desperately trying to reach out to the word "mining slave" as if he had panicked.

"Brother! Brother! I'm sorry! I was stupid! Please... Please!"

I turned away with a calm look at his appearance.

"I don't know a guy like you, son of a gun."

* * *

Hines was attacked once while I suppressed the rebels.

But it doesn't matter if you prepare thoroughly.

Ten Swordmasters of the Lindis Empire, armed with pure silver Dwarf weapons, prepared and waited.

And a squadron of Golem Lünne and Decepticon with a self that has Deus Ax Makina.

Lastly, even though she still pretends not to know, she is disguised as a servant of the lordship.

The excessive power remains unchanged.

Of course, under such circumstances, all the vampires were killed and fled, although they could not ignore the possible variables.

"You've had a hard time waiting here."

"No, we're just following your orders."

I laughed at the old man's humble bow.

"In fact, I wanted to say hello to the prince more than he did."

"Me?"

"Yes, thank you very much."

"I don't think there's anything I can be thankful for."

He shook his head firmly at what I said.

"I can't believe you didn't do anything to be thankful for. You have cured this old woman of her only reputation for life."

He's the knight of that little brute you saved.

'Oh really?'

I didn't remember.

He is quite loyal.

It would be nice if there were a lot of people like him in the land of Hines.

There are a lot of blessed talent in the land of Hines right now, and you should know that.

Why don't I know?

A man can't do anything by himself.

I am well aware of it, so I have made my own man on the estate.