153 # 153

The Manreb hero is coming back!

The Seven Books and the Second Episode

"It's so easy that it's just steaming away. Is this your best?"

"That's what happened one day. The winner is not me but you."

Then he took something small out of his arms.

It was a small silver dagger.

"Your Majesty wanted to go too dangerous. That's why I stopped you, and I've protected this country."

"I've been there..."

Any country where the rules have been broken has to be doomed. Your Majesty tried to lower the absolute wall between the nobility and the common people."

In the past, King Criannes was told that he had implemented a policy that allowed capable commoners to join the ranks of aristocrats.

"Prince, you don't know the world. Why aristocrats are aristocrats and why commoners are born commoners."

"What?"

"What is the real reason why this hierarchy has been created and maintained despite the existence of God?"

Davy smiled coldly at the theory of no-pray.

For a moment, he wiped his face and opened his mouth.

"Monmeeder."

"Yes! Degraded!"

"Take three people. Put him in a cellar and keep an eye on him. As soon as the day dawns, it is handed over to the later generation and sent to the royal palace."

an immaterial disposition

Carlos crawling on the floor, Benedict standing silent and shivering. The last peacock of Barietta.

Davy looked at the three men and turned away.

"The beginning of the monarchy is, in a sense, the idea of the people is right, but if it goes too far, it's just a madman, you Hitler."

The Duke doesn't know that terrible dictator.

Their downfall was quiet, swift. It was so cold.

* * *

It was a huge rebellion that seemed to shake the country for years.

If the power is boiling without the power of foreign powers, it will inevitably lead to a long period of time, and huge human and material damage was expected.

However, the reality was different.

the emergence of a single unusual presence

The one man intentionally started the war, and that's not enough, he's controlling the world at will.

Maybe that's why.

The remnants of the rebels, who were blocked from the supply route, were stuck in a state of chaos.

All they had was the bare minimum supplies, weapons, and freshly captured fortresses for the rest of the army to wear.

"What am I going to do?"

"It's over... it's over! Let's surrender! Surrender is the answer!"

Baron Hangbog! Watch your mouth! If you drop your weapon, I'll give you your head right away!"

"Be careful with your mouth. Count Assault! Are you kidding me?! Can't you figure out what's What are you going to do right now?! Do you think we'll have this much force if we don't have supplies from the main force?! When the soldiers hear that the duke has been captured, they will desert in droves without looking back!"

"And if you surrender, that monstrous Prince Davy will save you?!"

an atmosphere of sharpness as if a knife would be used immediately

Most of the nobility of the high-profile masterpieces who participated in the revolt belong here.

The two princes and the Duke of Barieta, the center of the revolt, still remain in their main camp, but the men here quickly took the royal castle and took the ball to the front.

But the result is this.

"Kh... we're in trouble!!"

"What else!"

As Count Assault shouted with his eyes open, the driver in a hurry shouted, gasping for breath.

"Eh...Prince Davy... ..prince Davy has already arrived! With 500 of those monstrous soldiers!"

There are still a number of soldiers, but no one can guarantee victory.

Even if the main force is absent, how can a monster enter the war in such a short period of time without a single death and end the war with a big or small wound?

"Wow... the monstrous soldiers barely worked their spearheads!"

"Only?! Even the new Dwarf weapon that cuts down the steel rail couldn't cut their weapons!"

He was at his wits' end when he was in a state of panic.

Their ears heard someone's voice so clear.

Oh, ah... oh, does this work? Voice test. One, two. One, two.

How can I forget the owner of this voice?

The nobles gulped at the voices as if they were heard directly in their ears.

Then came the voice of David, the one who made their situation extremely bad.

You guys are surrounded. You can't last a day here, your parents are waiting at home. Let's stop doing Amon and find Gwangmyeong.

Only 500 people.

The voice of the man who surrounded more than 10,000 soldiers was as calm as the sentencing of the guards to the hostage-taker.

* * *

After the revolt, the royal castle was still.

Before David's sudden advance, it was a royal castle with a considerable number of nobles and generals remaining.

Currently, only the remaining generals and the minimum number of defense soldiers remained among the three Swordmasters.

ﬁrrrﬁ...

the sound of pulling out a thin sword

The man who entered the room without a word was wearing a white, sky-blue saliva.

"Are you finally here?"

The condition of the room was simply not a scene for the royal family to live in.

Walls cracked here and there, bleached columns. Most of them are half broken bottles and shabby furniture.

the outer palace tower, the site of the royal family's dethroned

That was where it was.

And the man who sat silently in the room looking out the window was not long ago the most noble first lady in the kingdom, and the symbol of absolute power held by the kingdom's most powerful man.

It was Queen Lynes Barieta.

"Queen."

"How can you be so considerate?"

Mumbling calmly, she stared at him silently with her moonlighted eyes.

"I..."

"No, I don't want to hear it anymore."

"Queen."

"I don't want to hear from you."

She spoke calmly and she went on.

"If I had known it would work, I wouldn't have loved you."

"I'm sorry..."

The silent man, King Criannes, put a long-sword in her hand with a tired face on her neck.

"Davie will bring you down to the end of the abyss, and I don't deserve to stop it... ...so let's go together. Let's go and apologize to Alicia."

"Apologize? Ha!"

She snorted and stared at Krianes with a ferocity.

"You still don't know? To me, both you and Alicia are hatred itself."

"Queen..."

"Did you think Alicia would calm this anger if she inhaled the poison in front of my eyes? Then I'll ask. Your Majesty, to whom should I release my anger and resentment? To Alicia who betrayed me and died at will? Or is it your lord, the lord of this country? Or else!!!"

"......."

"To my father who helped me do this?"

To him, who could not say anything, Lynes Barieta slowly rose up smiling as if he were mad.

Coming with her scattered hair untidy, she grabbed the sword that King Crianes was pointing at with her bare hands and hung it around her neck.

"I hate everyone. You who betrayed me, Alicia, and my father who brutally murdered my mother in front of my eyes. We're back too far."

All I had left was my son.

She had only two sons left.

So her obsession with her son was beyond imagination.

The hatred for former Queen Lenny Alicad was directed at her son, Davy.

"If Alicia hadn't had the poison, if her hatred had lost its place to go had not wandered because she couldn't find the target."

Very.

Our lives may have been very, very different.

Boom!

The black blade soon digs into the palm of the hand.

As the blood from her hands became more severe, she smiled coldly and said admonishly.

"I apologize... ha! I refuse. The world has already been hell for me, and I will lose my only hope. All this is your sin, karma, and I will fall into hell and wait for you."

You don't even deserve to come to hell yet.

Whoo!

She slits her neck and falls to the ground after saying that.

King Krianes, who dropped the sword reflexively, clenched his teeth as he watched Lynes Barieta fall helplessly.

Then he knelt very slowly and hugged her body.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...

The tip of the tower with no one else.

There, King Krianes could not shed a tear and could not say anything but a bitter cry.

* * *

All the revolts were suppressed.

Perhaps the propaganda effect of using wind magic to convey the voice to the whole area was significant.

Realizing the situation, the conscripted soldiers abandoned their weapons and dispersed in all directions.

Is it because there were too many to catch them?

Or is it because even the articles that should be controlled by them have collapsed into this absurd and unbelievable reality?

In the end, there was no battle with the main rebel army.

It was just that most of the nobles were captured by angry people and taken captive and sent away.

"You've done a lot. How many kings have you taken for this?"

I sat in a chair and looked through the documents without a word, and the words came out naturally.

"David Prince David."

"The Marquis of Pailtris."

"Yes."

"I'm a horse. I thought I'd be glad to get revenge."

"Prince degradation..."

With a solemn tone, the Marquis of Paltris called him bitterly.

"I'm glad."

But David's subsequent remarks left him completely out of his mind.

"Well, did you think I had no use for revenge?"

Not a chance.

It was for that reason that he endured and endured the training of Hercules, the king of survival, shortly after falling into the corridor.

There's something I haven't solved yet.

If it's really possible to gain strength, if you can live with it and go back.

This much training will endure.

Of course, later training and time were insane beyond my imagination, but so was my initial mindset.

He said he can't forget his revenge even after he dies.

Actually, I tend to be a little skeptical about that.

After living for nearly a thousand years, I naturally noticed something else.

The time is too long for humans to go through.

That's probably why you haven't changed much since you've completed your revenge.

It wasn't until about a week before the quiet parliamentary chamber, the Marquis, who had been busy with postwar issues, was able to attend the conference on the disposal of rebel prisoners.

"Lower..."

"I know, I know. This isn't just the right thing to do."

"However, your judgment was right. As a result, they crossed the line, and their evil deeds shook the country for decades. No one will be able to blame your decision."

As much as I gave up thinking rationally, I also did something quite ignorant.

"Your Majesty is eating!!"