155 # 155

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the seventh and fourth volumes

Sir Swordmaster Bellos was more famous than I thought. According to Ulysses, who returned from a meeting of the Red Tower, he was also an outstanding man in the East as he was young enough to say that no one knew his story.

His kindness was not bad.

It wasn't just that.

The old masters of the turnaround, where even the rest of the articles except Bellos made a name for themselves.

It was true that it was a little burdensome for them to send favors all at once.

In that sense, it's more embarrassing to be favored by the heroes who taught you?

It suddenly occurred to me that when Percerk asked me, who giggled and pulled my cheeks.

"What should I say to them..."

You don't look like the absolute heroes of an era.

"It's just like a neighborhood old man or sister."

I'm not the same age as you.

"Now I can concentrate on the Hines while the kingdom is in order."

If we started once, shouldn't we end it?

Just in time, one big construction that Dwarf craftsmen, including Elder Golda, had been working on since they came to the land was completed.

"It's like we've only managed to settle down in the state of residence."

It would have been astronomical.

That's what I don't know.

Without Dwarf's unique know-how and skills, it would have taken more than twice as long and its stability would have fallen.

"Then now... it's time to use this."

Let's start with something simple.

I twirled the four-barrel-sized marbles on my desk.

It is an early product of Majeongseok made using Red Moon from the Lindis Empire.

That might be weaker than the fist-sized rock I picked up.

The reality is that this size is bigger than the Majeongseok found in very few continents.

I mean, this little territory is now generating another thing on the continent that could be thrown at with its eyes open.

* * *

What should be the first priority in improving the quality of life in the land?

It's nothing less than stability for one's own safety.

Then, there are three types of ceremonies, ceremonies, and notes.

Of course, the stability of my personal life is solved, none of which I choose.

It is the rise of basic conditions.

Unlike the food and clothing that are plentifully stocked in the barn, residential space and quality of life are the same.

"First of all, we need to repair the land facilities and improve the basic quality."

"The land facility?"

"How many wells are in the territory right now?"

"I arbitrarily built about 73 more. Thanks to the waterways made by the Dwarves, it's much easier to set up wells as the water spins freely."

As a brilliant fellow, he knows what he needs the most on the land.

For the common people of the world, wells are one of the important water supplies.

It is the only way to get water from dense terrain.

Drinking water, washing water. Other than that. In addition, water is essential to a person's life as it has a tremendous impact on additional hygiene management.

"A well often causes accidents and is one of the sources of the disease. I know you've gone through a lot, but when you think about what's going on, you should get rid of it little by little."

"I can't... I'm sorry. Degradation! Because I'm stupid..."

Immediately, she lowered herself and raised Amy, who apologized.

"I'm not saying I'm going to throw it away. You've been nice to me. Be confident."

It will be enough if you grow like this.

Anyone should step up to foster talent. In the first place, it's normal to use a well if you don't have a plan like mine.

"Golda Elder. Are the facilities I mentioned ready?"

"This, sir, is a little unusual, but I like it because it is."

Having been masterminds to the bone and remembered one mistake with my stimulus, they are now very thirsty for a new attempt.

Amy, Winley, and Yulis, who were listening to my story, gave me a puzzled look.

"I'll show you something fun, so come with me."

How much money have you spent?

It is worthwhile to spend a large budget generously.

A large underground water, and a large space, installed on it.

Numerous tanks, water tanks, and magical forces installed in it were scattered all over the place.

In addition, unlike the usual dark and dirty underground waterways, this place was completely different from the entrance to the underground waterways, where it was supposed to go straight down from the ground.

As countless mana stones glowed and lit up the inside, it didn't feel dirty and damp at all, but rather felt neat and tidy.

"These countless magicians... ...are all new to me."

"It's not the circular wizardry originally used in the Tionis continent, it's a square one made in a high-dimensional language."

Conceptually, it is a magic pearl one level above the circular magic pearl.

From the size of the Magic Circle to the arrangement of the interior design and location of the patterns.

Top-level magicians need to have a small error rate that is close to perfect.

"Hmm... it's me, I don't know what it is, so I just engraved it as it was painted."

"There's almost no error for that."

"Haha! The Dwarf is a race that no one can match in delicacy except for the Fairy!"

At his words, I glanced satisfactorily at the floors, walls, and water tanks with magic jeans on them.

At that time, Ullis, who was looking at the Magic Circle curiously, squinted her eyes.

"But... are these all operational? There's over 500 magicians, and it's an astronomical amount of money to run them all."

Interestingly, Ulysses, who was sweeping down the Magic Circle with his hands, looked curiously.

"It takes one mana stone to run one of these installed magicians unless it comes with a wizard. Usually, the duration of operation can be as short as one month or as long as six months depending on the efficiency of the magicians."

You use that mana stone for only a few months, and you pour in hundreds of it?

It is a play of luxury that even the Imperial Household of the Empire will not do well.

"Even if we use the Majeongseok, wouldn't we need at least 10 to run all these things?"

It's not a matter of output, it's a problem because the Magic Circle is too wide and spread out.

"You don't have to worry about those things. Half of them are interlocking magicians. needless of power"

"Oh, my God, that's..."

He looked suspicious at what I said, but I touched one wall of a huge space, as I had prepared.

That's the play!

At the same time, a large stone wall was opened, revealing a room with the same square magic.

"Here's... "

"It's the control room.

"The control room?"

"This one magic wand controls the entire other."

So, Majeongseok can only be installed here.

"It's not an infinite amount of energy, so I'm going to use it for a period of time."

Then he puts two Ma Jeong-seok on the fan site and lifts Manna up.

[Starting]

Then, he used his pre-activated mana to draw energy from Ma Jeong-seok and start running the magicians.

"This alone makes me a little nervous..."

The trolley control system is convenient in many ways, but it is also dangerous.

Therefore, I decided to invest my thoughts boldly.

"I'll make a new one later."

Then he lightly punched into the air.

Squeeze!!

Then, the empty air began to crack and there began to be unusual cracks in it.

And before I could touch it, the thing I was looking for in the subspace fell like a throw away.

It feels like I spit it out in a careless way.

* * *

"I'm afraid someone has a rough temper."

Perhaps because of the characteristics of Mana, which is made of a mana with a sour head, I feel like I'm complaining quite a bit while taking out what I want right away.

It's good to take it out even if you don't ask me to, but it makes me wonder if I have to be this strict.

I kicked my tongue and looked around at the stuff that popped out of the subspace, and I immediately inserted it into the empty space in the middle.

"Ah... Subspace?!"

"Oh, my God!"

Ignoring the screaming Winnie and Yulice, I placed a small stone flowing out of the subspace in the center of the Magic Circle.

"If we do this, no one will be able to play."

What I brought out was none other than Bong In-seok.

"No way! Brother! Is that Bong In-seok?!"

"Yes."

"Wow... I never thought I'd see the Seal Stone I can only see at the tower headquarters."

Sealed stone.

Mana Stone with a special purpose that is not made naturally, such as Majeongseok or Mana Stone.

The effect is.

Specific sealing effects in a certain space as long as the mana is supplied.

What I sealed up is the damage of the Magic Circle and the degradation of the regulations.

It is a product made of quite superior quality, so it will not have a speck of effect on any attack.

"Oh, my God! Is there a lot of Seal Stone?"

"No, that's all."

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.

"It's not difficult, I'll make one for you later."

It's someone's brother's request.

"...... you have to cast your teacher for a long time to hit the available subspace with your fist......"

"Is there a problem?"

"Oh... no... "

Ulysses, who mumbled curtly, looks shaking his head.

Amy, who was writing something on the chart with her eyes shining brightly, smiled and said proudly to Ullis.

"You're showing me amazing things. Now, no matter what you do, you'll feel comfortable believing it."

"Go... ...thank you."

The feelings engraved on his shamelessly muttered face were not jealousy or jealousy.

It was just absurd.

"Davie, I have a question for you."

"What is it?"

"Right now... how many circles are you?"

At his words, I watched the circle spinning in my body.

The mana circle style engraved on my body has the deformed circle system with the highest difficulty of establishing 1 circle.

Because it has a structure that gets easier as it goes up, I uploaded it however I could, and now I'm checking it out exactly.

"There are only eight rings."

"Oh, my God, Fria..."

Eight outside!

He muttered with a frightened look.

The best wizard known on the continent is 7 circles!

How surprised it was that the sorcerer, the opposite of the congregation, found God.