158 # 158

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the seventh and seventh volumes

Then why don't you like it?

Casanova gave me her first love before my eyes.'

The damn Apolon.

The greasy man from the high elf shattered his fantasy and image of the elf.

Childhood and fantasy?

Death Road is my first love.'

He visited Roias's lodging to train black magic and saw the two men heading to the bedroom together, and he was determined for days and days.

What happened after that?

What is it to know? Like you're going to fry it in there.

No, yes, I was just a 10-year-old kid in the corridor, and I know I'm a bloody kid to them who've lived for thousands of years.

That's still true. How can you break down a child's innocence like that?

So as soon as I came to my senses, I told the saint Daphne about it.

What happened afterwards was very interesting.

It's Samtong, you should just eat the sesame salt.

I'm not a kid.

"You, a born solo, don't understand my shock.'

You're such a son of a gun.

An indignant ex-King of the Devil grabs my earlobes and screams in my earholes.

Unlike the women who were bold and eccentric, Roaias with a bright smile, soft, and innocent impression was still my first love and ideal type in my life.

"There was only one first love in my life.'

About 20 years of previous life.

Since I spent most of my life in an aseptic room after elementary school, I spent most of my life in video lectures, cartoons and movies, games and Internet gallery watching.

the life of the present

As soon as he turned 10, he fell into a coma, so why not make an ideal type?

In such a situation, it is also true that the crazy high elf is destroying the illusion of the elf further, so it is not as good as it is.

"Didn't you have anything to say?"

"Well... well... something more urgent has happened."

A bewildered tone of voice came out of him, and he took a step back.

And soon it disappeared before I could say anything.

Why did you do that?

'I was just kidding, and I thought you'd run away like that.'

Still, one thing became clear.

What Zach, or Aina Helishana, wants to ask is that it has something to do with the elf.

"Elfra... I really like the Spirit Wizard."

Their spirits may not be high compared to mine.

I have raised my affinity with spirits to the level of forced modification beyond the limits of race.

However, if I move and manage the small parts of the land myself, it means that the life of the land will eventually end up until I die.

We should slowly summon some spirits."

Is it hard here right now?

"It has to be a good place. We need to get ready, and now the Elves' forest outside the territory is most likely... ..and I'm used to dealing with spirits, but I've never summoned them before. I'm not sure."

I learned spirits by borrowed spirits.

You can't summon the spirits in the corridor.

The reason why I'm so cautious...

"And when I saw the tail there, I couldn't do it now."

* * *

As soon as the plan was launched, the change began to take place in a flash.

The newly completed residential area was connected to the capital so that hot and cold water could be used at home anytime.

Dwarf's unique technology and some of my knowledge have been appropriately invested to create buildings that are very new to me because of the solidity of the building, the change of its design, and the change of its interior structure.

Of course, buildings that cost a lot of money are bound to be expensive.

It means that it is a pie in the sky for ordinary people with a mindset of living from day to day.

But the problem could have been lightly tackled.

Instead of buying the old house at a bargain price, the new house is provided free of charge.

Even though I was criticized for being crazy, I pushed ahead with it.

Money is what's left.

The reality is that the land of Hines is now accumulating too much wealth for less than 10,000 residents.

Thanks to this, Young-ji's image has improved and Young-Jimin's face is filled with anticipation and vitality.

Most importantly, it was not immediate damage, but on the surface, the greatest merit of the land's appearance.

not a small village estate lined with shabby houses

It is such a land with beautiful houses that are hard to see in the capital.

"Hahaha! Catch me!"

"Hey! If you get caught, you'll be hot!"

The scene of a girl who flips a little girl's skirt and follows a boy who runs away.

As a whole, I began to enjoy sitting down and looking around the lively territories.

Of course, you can't see such peaceful scenery when you're looking at it openly, so it's also my vacation spot with pavilions and benches installed in a suitable place.

"Peace... sounds good."

I feel like I'm hanging down in the warm sun and the languid air on my nice thighs.

Ignoring the words flowing out of his mouth, he closes his eyes and leans against a wooden chair.

Persec also showed no signs of getting up, clinging to my thigh, as if it were damp with the air.

The air that kept the proper humidity was touching and I began to feel quite excited.

"Well, there was a young man here."

It was then.

Someone's voice suddenly came to me from around where I could not feel any signs.

Even if it's my personal vacation spot, the appearance itself is not a problem because it doesn't prohibit people from entering recklessly.

As I tilted my head behind the back of the bench and raised my eyes, I saw an old man approaching with a smile, who was not seen until a moment ago.

"Adult?"

"Huh, it's the most vibrant territory I've ever seen, and can I sit next to you?"

At the same time, as I raised the power of abyss almost like a habit, I began to see the identity of the elderly.

"You're a little bit of an unexpected.'

You're right.

Was that old man so easy to meet on the street as a neighborhood grandpa?

* * *

"Huh, young man, your face is very straight. You seem to be very comfortable."

Are you comfortable, but I still feel quite relaxed.

"Isn't it peaceful?"

"That's a fiction. But most of all, it must be because of the happy smiles on the faces of the people."

Those who have been struggling from day to day gain vitality when given the purpose of their lives, hope for the future, and the minimum amount of food and shelter to support them right away.

I tried so hard to make it like that.

They proudly raised their self-esteem and fostered their sense of purpose with numerous welfare policies.

They began to cover all the dirty rivers and wells that were problematic for hygiene, and started to raise water through the pipes that had been installed with magic.

Dwarf's skill and my magic. And, literally, the city of gold spoons created by huge capital.

It is none other than all Young Ji-min who enjoy the benefits of the golden spoon.

If Young Ji-min gets better at living, her income increases.

This will naturally increase the population and increase the profits of the land itself as morale rises.

The future transformation that can be gained by helping each other and living was also one of the changes I wanted to try.

Exploiting someone has been consistent with the modern era that I lived in my previous life since ancient times, so I wanted to see a world that didn't.

It's hard for me to predict where this will hit the limit.

But if you feel too comfortable, you'll become lazy.

You have to be good at tightrope walking.'

There was another imposition.

If you like living and feel relaxed, you can expect to have the effect of curbing security issues of security.

"I've been to several territories and cities early on, but few places are as lively as this."

"You must have traveled around a lot."

"Huh, I used to love adventure. Huh! One long-sword, a staff member, and a gray robe and a hat, and a vast plain."

Sitting on one side of the long bench, he wiped off his finely grown beard with a satisfactory smile.

"The lord of this estate must be competent."

"Lord... oh, yes."

"I heard you're not in your 20s yet. Do you know anything?"

I don't know... I don't know what high people are thinking."

I don't care what I say with my own mouth.

"I guess you're pushing for something else in the meantime. The children with happy smiles... and the friendly dwaffes that easily melt into human life... and the top, top, top, temple, alchemy from the continent."

"Hmm."

"It's natural to be crowded where you've developed commerce first. But you know it's counterproductive when you're too comfortable, the lord here must be quite confident of the tightrope walk."

Laughing, he asked.

"This is what happened. Young man, why don't you play a game with this old man?"

At his words, I turned my head, smiling at the children.

"The game?"

"It's a famous board game in the Palan Empire."

Chess

No, it's a strategy number game called Old, which uses words similar to chess but is a little different.

It's been a while since I had fun, and I wondered why the man of that size came here, so I accepted his proposal without revealing my identity.

"Do you know how to put Old?"

"I like it pretty much, too."

"Huh! I like the young man. Yes, the rules are what you want. Do you want Eastern or Central?"

I thought hard about what he said and opened my mouth quietly.

"Let's go with the Hermatan way."

"You..."

His face was surprised by what I said.

"Hermatan is definitely a popular rule before the Eastern and Central ceremonies."

"I'm very interested in history."

I wasn't interested, but I heard it directly from witnesses. The Hermatan formula was also in the days of Daphne, a saint, and in fact this is the most familiar to me.

The rules have changed over time, but the original remains.

"Huh, that's great. It's amazing. That's great, Hermatian rules. Let's see."

Perhaps motivated, he quickly aligned his words with a good smile.

"This is, in fact, a high-ranking aristocrat uses it for entertainment. It's a high-end product that is automatically positioned and automatically prevents foul play just by putting up a horse. Well, if you win me, I'll give you this as a gift."

"Well, that's good."

I nodded at his words.

"This old man is the oldest, so let's give up the lead."

I would have been wanted more by the age of my soul.

Be interested.

Wood's strategy game is similar to chess but slightly different. However, the fight between the two does not change.

I wonder how good he is at reading the numbers.

I was a little curious.

In addition, he took it out for a slightly different reason.

You won't win easily. Sir.

I smiled and sat comfortably, lightly reaching out.

"The soldier, the knight, the new officer. Any word is important, which one will you move first?"

I picked up the king's words without hesitation at his question.

"Whatever it is, if the king doesn't move, the soldiers won't follow."

Interest deepened in the old man's face.

I must have found out that I had noticed his intentions.