152 # 152

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the first installment of the seventh volume.

59. Death and words.

Transformation will make you stronger, if not more than a speck of dust.

In a normal fight, the stronger the enemy becomes, of course, annoying.

If you turn into something like that, you'll get lazy.

Based on impeccable logic, we came to the conclusion that we were moving without a moment's hesitation.

Boom! Boom!

In an instant, two twin swords that dig in, grab his neck, and fly into the ground as if they were fixing his arms.

At the same time, a heavy sound of destruction began to weigh down the area and form a terrible gravitational field.

"Ku...Kuruck... you coward..."

"I'm going to show you something better than that messy transformation. What do you think?"

"You'll never kill me. The blue sword was deadly, but I thought I could do anything with that low power!"

You can do it!]

'Good boy, huh? 'Wait calmly.'

You underestimate Cheng Dan, who hasn't even started the engine yet.

If he intended to kill him nicely, Qingdao's power is enough.

He seems to think that this is the limit of the power of the two twin swords, but the effect will be amplified by the extent to which I infuse power.

In the end, the way I chose.

"Do you think it's a step-by-step murder?"

"What?"

[Grade 5]

[Mars]

Two boom!

Like a giant defibrillator stimulates the human heart.

A white shock wave of great sanctity burst through my palms and hit him in the face.

At the same time, a man with a severe groan is looking at me with bizarre eyes half closed with a big flinch.

"That's not going to happen! ..."

[Sixth-degree Vocal magic]

[Mars]

Two boom!

"Wow! Ack... ..kkhhhaha!"

Still, the torch is an attack on the property of the Great Horse, but isn't it getting any better? How about this one?

[7 Hierarchy Stomach]

[Mars]

Whaaaah!

The crater, which was dominating the area, made a huge vibration and penetrated the ground once again.

Crater in the crater.

At the same time, the overall crater begins to grow in size.

"Are you sick? I still have some left."

"Come on... Wait a minute! What, stop..."

[8th Gastric Vocalization]

[Methododendron Dog]

It is much smaller than the Shin-ik replica, but the wings symbolizing pure white God appear and flutters behind my back.

Whaaaah!

a huge shock wave of light that can't be compared to before

His body, which had already been half-stucked and dug into the ground, was completely distorted.

Nevertheless, he was alive.

Even though most of his bizarre immortal powers were cut down by Cheng Dan and disappeared, it was safe to say that this regenerative power was his pure physical ability.

It's best to cut this with a red egg.

"Ki... Khihehehehehehe!"

Soon, the white wings, which symbolize the massive amount of sacred power that rose behind my back, disappear and the sacred power of the whole area slowly dies down.

"Oh, my God, is it's done?"

Realizing instinctively that the attack had stopped, he giggled with a half-dead look.

"Kee... keehehehe. keehehehehe! Is that it? Is that it? Yeah! Damn it! My body is still changing! When everything changes, you tear him apart...."

"Not yet."

Of course.

The divine power was completely silent, but I have never said it is over yet.

My eyes, which were looking at him with his words cut off, flashed golden at a moment, and my hand, which was slightly away from his face, grabbed him as if it were covering his face.

"One more shot left."

"Come on... wait! Stop...!!!

[9th Gastric Vocalization

[Strong Shin]

[Finger of God]

[Lord of the Great Flame]

The last of the torch relay!

Gangsin, a nine-status sex wizard, and a slightly different flame gun derived from the aftermath of the gangsin.

It is the same principle as simple finger pricking, but if the finger is the finger of God, not human, the story changes.

For some time, the 9th class of sexual magic is extremely restrained from using it because of its long-lasting effects.

I'll give this fellow a liberal gift.

The power of it's...

It will hurt quite a bit.

Whaaaah!

A huge explosion completely engulfed the area, devouring the area with unknown pure white feathers and pure white radiance.

* * *

Marquis Njja, the Swordmaster who set out to stop Prince Davy. The news of the defeat of both vampires, who had been in great spirits, caused a huge sensation in the rebel camp.

Prince David, who dealt with a monster that seemed to kill countless humans without a blink of an eye, is advancing as if to see the first prince, David, who has dealt with it in such a short time.

Furthermore, as if to keep pace with his slow approaching progress, the country's army is following with an unparalleled mass.

a deserter rebel force suppressed forces Even those who were looking at where they were going to stick to.

As the number grew over time, the main building of the rebel army, which split the main base to some extent and sent most of its troops to the royal castle through the back road, was like a windstorm.

The former itself could not remain because morale was not so high in the first place.

Even thousands of soldiers in Verbus province have collapsed within hours, although many still remain.

Few people would have fought with their own spearheads, but the fact that the soldiers were so agitated remains unchanged.

The main force has already set out on another road leading to the royal castle.

Perhaps they would have to surrender or be exterminated, both in front and back.

Boom! Boom!

An explosion was heard from a distance and shook the tent.

Even if it was not the elite level of the tower, it was clear that the sound of the battle wizard troops, which the Duke of Barieta had secretly prepared for this war, was made.

Boom! Boom!

continuous binge drinking

Even inside the earthshaking axis, the Duke of Barieta looked down at his hand silently without opening his face.

Where did it get twisted?

It was a fight that I could never lose.

Even without the vampire face in the first place, he could win without a problem with his many secret weapons and meticulous schemes.

but

Everything went wrong because of just one person.

She was originally a nameless male writer who rose to the throne, beating her daughter, Lynes Barieta, who was the wife of the queen. Lenny Alicard.

Her son. 1 Prince David Olloun alone.

For careful preparation, he even used a large amount of money to bring in a new Dwarf weapon, but the soldiers' weapons with strange energy from his body were not easily cut off by blue-steel swords.

Rather, it is worse than steel swords.

The price of knowing it was a trap is severe.

Common sense doesn't allow this. I didn't scream out loud.

He just calmly looked down at his hand.

'No matter how pretty a flower is, it can't be red for ten days.'

When he tried to expel David from the Loun Kingdom under the pretext of the former Holy Land and make Kalus the lord of the Hines.

It was what Davy said as if he was passing by.

"Princess, very far away, there's a saying called Huayi Hong. No pretty flower can be red for ten days. Do you understand what I mean?'

Nothing dies over time.

Perhaps, Davy has been preparing for this situation since then.

There was nothing to be prepared for. The bait in his trap looks so delicious that it's just his fault for biting.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

Whoo!

With a heavy noise, a large, ripe nobleman bounced into the tent and rolled around.

"Turn it off...Turn it off..."

The giant man crawled on the floor with a painful groan, wondering if he was alive even though his skin was distorted and contracted by fire.

"Didn't you run away?"

Thousands of rebel soldiers still remain here. There will also be a small number of magical troops that have not yet been wiped out.

However, given the circumstances so far, it was meaningless.

Besides, half of the soldiers were not conscripted by force.

There was no way that soldiers would voluntarily be loyal to themselves, whose cause was clearly unfavorable.

As soon as the opportunity arises, all of them are scattered or turned around.

If their situation was favorable, they would have used it to put more pressure on them to control them.

The boy in front of them, who had made a mess of it somehow, led their desertion in an instant.

Angry at what had been accumulated, many turned themselves around and attacked the soldiers of the Duke of Barieta

In the confusion the Duke of Barieta looked up silently and said to the boy,

"You shouldn't have woken up from a coma."

"That's true. The last chance you were given would have been then."

"......."

"Davie..."

At that time, Kalus, who was sitting nervously beside the Duke of Barieta, shook and jumped to his feet.

Then he held the bow on the table and held the arrow and pointed it at David.

Just like the day when I was 10 years old when I participated in a hunting contest.

"What a piece of shit, a piece of shit, is it going to go to the end!"

"You have to speak up, you stupid brother. I have to point out that it was you, not me, who caused this death."

Your stupidity has brought the kingdom to this point from the beginning.

Starting with the arrow.

Unlike Queen Lynes, who handled vampires without evidence, she openly signed a contract with them to kidnap the people of the kingdom and speed up blood.

"Well, the Duke who knew that and acquiesced to it is now out of date."

"The power of vampires is extraordinary. If we could handle that power, we could make a monarchy that no one would ever encounter."

"Those snobbish aristocrats must have taken advantage of you."

David, smiling and muttering, looked at Kalus, shaking as if to put his bow.

"Why do you think I didn't kill you and Queen Linness?"

"What?"

"I don't want to kill him."

To suffer forever without killing.

"Don't even think about running away after you die."

Especially you and your brother Benedict.

"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

Was that the word a catalyst?

Carlus, furious, eventually gave a bow to Davy.

The power of high-quality bows, made from the horns of some of the western continents, has a distinctly different elasticity from that of ordinary bows.

The skin of a decent person is easily pierced.

In addition, it is the first-class equipment that Kalus uses, which has a lot of assistive magic.

I got it! Poof!

Soon, there was a gruesome wave.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

A terrible scream reverberates inside the tent.

The owner of the scream was none other than Kalus.

The arrow that should have flown at Davy was snatched by his hand gesture. In the meantime, I pierced one of Kalus' eyes.

To the point where it is useful to hold on to such a deadly wound.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

David looked at the Duke of Barieta, screaming and ignoring Kalus, who rolled around his eyes with blood flowing.