150 # 150

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 23 of the Sixth Book

Even if weapons and equipment are excellent, it depends on the situation of the human being who uses them.

Although he secretly sold the Dwarf-made blue-steel weapons to the Duke of Barieta and took the money.

It's like I'm back in my hands.

Sitting on the plains outside the walls for a short break, I glanced at the blue steel sword they had surrendered and thrown away.

"Now if we sell these again, the money will double, right?"

Oh, my God. I knew it when you suddenly asked for a weapon and secretly sold it to the Duke of Barieta.

It's easy to make money.

This war... or this strange thing called a war, actually, was completely played on my palm.

The damage to the people of the kingdom who were not involved was greatly reduced and all the original victims of the incident were taken to the surface.

As long as the center is opened, their status will inevitably be greatly reduced.

But since they are not fools, they will try to stop you and advance to the palace.

The number of soldiers already overpowered is close to 8,000.

Of the 30,000 soldiers, one in three minutes has almost disappeared.

Of course, there has been no damage on this side.

There is a limit even if reinforced with buffs. We've been hit hard by a crack, and we've been hit with big and small injuries, but...

"Who told you to die as you please?'

If you don't die, you're almost recovering from zombies.

Don't look down on a priest with the highest level of divinity and proficiency.

Nevertheless, as there are 22,000 soldiers left, if all of them advance to the royal castle and vampires emerge, the royal castle will not last long.

In other words, it is time for the Marquis Sodmaster Enjaya and vampires to crawl out, the only last force they will present.

If they hadn't attacked the vampire's hideout and provoked them, perhaps only a fraction of the vampires would have appeared in this fight and the rest would hide.

But after all these provocations, the self-respecting, snobbish men will try to kill me with all their might.

Davy, vampires are cunning people, especially low-quality ones who love to shake with weaknesses.

"That's right."

They are proud of themselves, but they do not see themselves as living creatures other than the aristocracy.

The buff's effect is now exhausting.

Realizing that it was no longer possible to advance with the soldiers, I looked down and clenched my fist without a word.

"Half of the sacredness and half of the mana... you've lost more than I thought.'

My current condition is overcharged.

It means that there are still forces that are not fully used to the aftermath of the transformation.

It is a rare situation in which self-regulating power is greatly reduced, but the total amount is increased.

Although there is no difference in terms of power, now was the best time to use such an ignorant method.

However, it cannot be infinite.

It is crazy to continue doing this right now, but as much as it is used to distributing and using the power, it waited for recovery and then waited for recovery.

Manna's total is not the only thing that increases as the circle goes up.

The continent of Tionis is a world rich in mana.

There are not many people who can use it, but according to the comparison cases told by the heroes of the corridor, there are not many places where Manna is melted into the atmosphere at the level of Tionis.

How much is that?

"Well... it's usually 10 times lighter."

If you are not a person who is not talented right now, you will be able to see the growth rate clearly when the existence of the other world is transferred.

There is such a difference.

And, I was born in a world rich in mana, and I have a talent that is so friendly that it is hard to see in other worlds.

The gift of diversity was the only weapon given to me.

After cleaning up all the Yalis fortresses and cutting down the aristocrats close to the Duke of Barieta who guarded the fortress, I watched under the fortress silently, and slowly pulled out the blue Danes while looking at the huge mountain range across the mountain.

He then pushes his hand into the subspace and slowly summons Longinus, a long, heavy shoe.

At the same time, the window, which was taking the form of Unwoldo, changed into a cross, and the overall length of the window began to shorten little by little, and the blue magic behind my back resonated, instantly turning into buff magic and permeated.

A person with various powers must fight in various ways. To stick to one thing is to enjoy it.

In fact, a guy named Pace is at the height of his strength, which is different from a normal sodmaster or a vampire he has met so far.

"Slowly, that's the limit."

Although it is a 7-meter-high castle, it was meaningless to me, who was so skilled in portraits that I could land on a 30-meter-high giant without anyways.

As I stepped down softly without sound and moved slowly, the spirit of two huge people, which I couldn't feel a moment ago, began to pass on to me.

"It's not until 2:1 that it's worth fighting."

There is a sky on the mountain.

They don't know it yet.

* * *

For a moment, the slowly approaching old man slowly pulled out one of the two Bastard Sword hanging from his waistband as soon as he could identify me.

"Davie Allown. You won't be able to move forward from here anymore."

"Did you take away the title?"

"Do you want respect or loyalty from me as a rebel?""

His silence made me laugh in vain.

Marquis Enja.

Although he was not a particularly evil person, his ideas resemble the aristocracy.

a staunch believer in governance

In fact, in a sense, he was a man who could be a loyal subject more than anyone else, but as a result he joined hands with the Duke of Barieta, and the idea turned dangerously.

"The nation should have a person in charge. It is the rule of law of the world that ordinary people live within a fixed framework under their protection."

"If you were born a commoner, would you have said that?"

"Even if he did, he would have adapted to the world."

That was his problem.

A being that does not create any gap in the idea of governance.

"The times change every time. Even if it's not now, it'll all change one day."

Someday, the throne may collapse and disappear in this land of Thionis.

I don't want such a world to come right away, but at least I wanted to make sure there was no law that ordinary people should suffer under this monarchy.

That's what a compromise is.

"Too many cooks spoil the broth. I would rather stick to the present state than expect such confusion to come."

In a sense, he grasped the confusion that change of thought would bring.

the young days after King Crianes ascended the throne Unlike in the past, he had definitely broken down some of the enormous thick walls between the aristocrats and the common people and improved their quality of life little by little.

After all, there's no one without a story.

"I think it's useless to talk to each other in a shudder way."

Then he looked at the man with gray hair slowly approaching behind him.

"Is this your first time meeting him? Without fear, he cursed others."

"Your son..."

"You don't think you're still up there after being dragged straight out as you dig a trap, do you?"

He stared at me coldly at my question and laughed.

"Yes, keep your composure, low-key bug. You don't even know what's going on in your home."

I tilted my head at his cool smile.

"What have you done to the Hines estate?"

"It just made me realize a little bit of the wrath of the nobility. Don't tell me you're considering it as the same old prankster, are you?"

The prank would be about five thousand monsters being taken over and sent away.

He's definitely not a normal guy, given that he's taking control of the 5,000-thousand monsters.

"Oh, really?"

His words sound like other vampires, except him, attacked the territory of Hines.

The minimum number of Hines' troops is about 100 at present.

Although there is a tower and a temple, it is safe to say that there is no one who can help in the battle.

In addition, there are the people I have to protect and my precious sister, Winnie, in the estate.

It's not strange to be angry at his dog-trading, but...

"Did the pink-haired vampire say anything? You'll get in trouble if you enter someone else's house."

He spoke slowly and took a step forward.

"You're mistaken."

He moved lightly with a gruesome smile.

Whoo!

At the same time, my attack, which stepped on the advance and wielded Longinus, and the red blood that was pulled out of his hand collided.

Ya, yam!

A single blow distorted the ground of several meters and sank like a huge crater.

"Did you think the High Elves alone would stop five vampires of more than the count? You were so arrogant and fearless, let's crush your arms and legs here and show all four of you bleed to death in front of your eyes."

I laughed as I was confronting him as if he were struggling with his words.

"You idiot."

Poof!!

"Quadddeuk!"

With a gruesome sound of destruction, the ground was distorted as if scratched by a giant claw.

"What's so relaxing?"

"Two things are wrong, and I'm going to tell you."

His cold eyes flashed a question in my words.

"First, you die here, second. Aren't you looking forward to seeing who your men are now on the estate?"

...

His eyes were dimmed by what I said he said.

[Let me ask you a favor.]

[Elegant!]

[First of all, please give me an agreement. This is not a diplomacy between countries, but a deal between you and me. Of course, no pressure between countries should arise from diplomatic problems.

The word was of paramount importance. Even by word of mouth, the emperor's official position is important in the future.

That's

[Please lend me ten sodmasters who have a lot of experience in the civil war.]

Even if it's a huge hoax to rent a sodmaster.

The sodmasters that exist in the Empire are twenty.

I then asked Emperor Deord Alindis to lend me half of the Empire's greatest power.

[Why?]

It wouldn't be strange if I yelled at him not to say crazy things right away, but he calmly asked me why.

What's the point, I'm just trying to protect my people. I'm an individual. Therefore, I request according to my personal desire.]

What kind of crazy man in the world would blow up three huge opportunities guaranteed by the Empire?

Only I did so. I would have used the rest if necessary.

"Ha...... have you planted an enemy? It's not like... "

"There are ten or more Swordmasters, and if it's a silver weapon made of pureness, which is a weakness of vampires, it's going to be fun, right?"

I laughed and dug into him and kicked him away.

"What now, do you understand? Stonehead Mosquito."

"Your son..."

"I'm saying this because it seems like you're under some kind of illusion, 3,000 years ago, there were a lot of vampire cubs who were more x-rayed than you. You stupid mosquito bastard."

And I have experienced combat and confrontation with vampires, which was a real vision of the vampires of that time.

Stomping.

The best way to deal with vampires.

It stimulates their anger to the top of their heads to simplify their behavior.

He is also good at using what he has learned from the sword.

* * *

"Will he be all right..."

While looking out the window with a worried face, Winnie murmured uneasily, unable to shake off her worries.

A civil war broke out.

I knew this was going to happen, but... it happened too fast.

"Are you worried about your brother?"