151 # 151

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the 24th installment of the six volumes

Winley nodded quietly to Ulysses, who smiled and spoke softly.

"She's been overdoing it a lot for a long time ago. I know you're so encouraged that I can't afford to worry about you anymore, but there's nothing I can do about it."

Ulysses smiled softly at Winnie's bitter yet determined answer.

"Obviously, David's force is stronger than I thought. But it's also true that it's hard to beat a 30,000-strong army."

Individuals are not omnipotent.

The advantage of numbers is so terrifying that even the dragon, who changes the mountain range at once, says, "If you collect and gather some of those who will attack him, you will eventually collapse."

What if there are dozens of people who touch it lightly? Thousands, tens of thousands, hundreds of millions?

It is Sue's violence that makes it incomparable to even touch lightly.

In this regard, Ullis was not unable to understand Winley's concerns.

"I'm sorry, I can't meddle in the civil war without the kingdom's request."

"But if you're an outsider..."

"There must be a meeting going on at the Red Tower on that. If they inflate their power, they'll never see anything good. But the Duke of Barieta's tricks were a little elaborate..."

It is like a promise between groups.

It was like a shackle and a commitment for freedom.

In fact, Ulys was the elder of the Red Tower.

Although he is the youngest.

"If I have a justification to help, I'll walk my arms out. But before that, I think it's good to trust Davey. He wouldn't have done this without any countermeasures."

If Davy gets involved in a similar number, he'll be overwhelmingly inclined.

There were two people who didn't know what Davy did in Pandora's area and what he got.

* * *

"Mr. Winley, why don't you go for a walk or something?" If you worry about David like this, he'll be disappointed when he comes back."

"Shall we..."

Then she got up from her seat and fell from the window, drooping her shoulders drooped.

It was then.

What the hell!!!

Some of the windows of Yeongju Castle, which had been silent, were broken like a crumble, and something flew in like a fly at Winnie.

Go! Lead! I'm here!]

Crying!!!

At the same time, the defensive magic that unfolded at the same time covered him as if to protect him, and as soon as the shock was eased to some extent, Ullis hugged him and retired.

"Who is it?!"

a violent cry

Looking out of the window with a surprised look, Win-ri looked confused as if she had yet to understand the situation.

I had no choice but to.

It is true that the attack flew in, but it would be surprising to see no one who attacked it.

Ullis, who looked around with a nervous face, frowned slightly at the strange sight of not being caught.

"Clinkle, here you go."

It was then.

A pale hand was pushed into front of Ullis' face, which was surrounded by a sudden voice and reflexively protected Winnie.

Whoo...

At the same time, blue flames began to glaze from the palms with pale, sharp nails, creating a huge flame even before Ulysses could react.

Poof! Pooooh!

a huge explosion

Alarmed by the destructive power, Ulys did not respond until he was swallowed up in flames.

'Ee... oh, my God!

He raised Manna with the intention of protecting WINRI, but it's already too late.

This wouldn't have happened if I had gone into six circles.

That's what I thought.

Hurry up!

But what was soon heard was not the sound of burning flesh.

I couldn't even feel the hot burning pain.

"Oh, my God!"

Instead, only a grotesque voice was heard groaning in the pain that seemed to be uttered by the owner of the creepy voice that had just been heard.

"This is Bellos. Now that I have discovered the vermin hiding in the land of the benefactor, I will begin the mission of the great Emperor."

the voice of an old man soon heard

Confused, the two opened their eyes wide when they saw an old man with a strong presence blocking the two with long swords emitting a sour light.

I couldn't tell who he was because he was a Ullis who looked around many countries.

"Sodmaster... ...Ber, Lord Bellos..."

One of the best Swordmasters in the Lindis Empire.

Kyung-man is one of the best Swordmasters on the continent.

"I'm sorry I'm late. This old man must have been relieved by the sight of the rising vitality of the land. Huh, I'm so relieved to protect the land of the benefactor."

While smiling and speaking, he flashes the sword.

Crying!!

At the same time, another middle-aged man, who did not know where he came from, dug in as if he were linking Bellos and cut down a bizarre-looking intruder.

"It's too late, Sir. They've already spotted their movements elsewhere, and they've started fighting."

Another Swordmaster of the Lindis Empire.

Marquis Hashan!

Not as much as Lord Bellos, but he has also been a Swordmaster for a long time and has served in war in the past!

Ulys had no choice but to be absent-minded for a long time as if she didn't understand why I was here.

* * *

"What do you think, am I wrong?"

His face begins to turn gruesome as he speaks provocatively.

There's a network of their own. This is it.

And I think you just heard about the status of the territory.

The only thing that comes out is that timing is art.

"Have you... ...like a bug."

Outraged, he began to stare red-bloodedly at the only white spot.

He has a lower boiling point than I thought.

In the case of this guy...

"He's strong, but his self-esteem is relatively high, so he's good at getting angry.'

"How do you feel now that you didn't know you were being swayed by the worm? You must have been playing with the power of immortality. Did you iron your brain wrinkles? Looks like a mosquito can't do anything about it."

"You punk!!! My brain wrinkles are fine! How dare you call the Great Ghosts Mosquitoes!"

"What a noble! It must be a mosquito bite!"

"You punk!"

Hahahahahahahaha!

Whoo-hoo!

The furious pace and the angry situation of the Marquis Enjaya, who frowned upon the absurd situation, begin to launch an onslaught.

The powerful Marquis of Enjya and much stronger pace.

In fact, if Pace's force is strong, such an ignorant tactic is not something to be adopted.

Things are a little different now.

Growl!

"Huh?"

Hit the elbows of the Marquis Enjaya, who pokes the fluttering oracle blade, and then snatch him and use him as a shield against Faith's attack!

Too many attacks? Too many enemies?

Mind your own business, it's up to you to eat! The fact that you have many enemies means that you have more meat shields to use! If the enemy is wielding weapons, grab the guy nearby and use it as a shield and attack him!]

Realize the words of the master of war, King of Conquest, Astrea, without reserve.

"Gasp!"

"Don't get in my way! A man of inferiority! I'll kill you first!"

"You damn... ..."

Marquis Enjaya, who managed to save his life by throwing himself in accordance with his instinct, gasped out his fierce anger.

The subsequent pattern of fighting continued to lead to them getting mixed up.

When necessary, the Marquis Enjia completely blocks the flow of the two to the shield in some situations.

What I lacked was the amount of physical specs and manna.

Experience alone does not matter how many people like them gather.

And now you have some support for your physical abilities.

It can't be a fight.

"I'll tear you up here for sure!"

[The Devil's Urgh Kick]

[Kicking the shin.]

Hard!

His body flinched loudly as the tip of his foot, which flew fast enough to dig the ground, kicked him in the shin.

There is also no common control technology across the world.

Hong Dani, who rose in the air, penetrated his shoulder, and Cheng Dan cut his body hard.

Sigh.

Two bang!!!

Afterwards, when the funeral method was inserted, the pace, which was completely smashed, bounced off and collided with the Marquis Enjaya, leaving both men far away from me.

"Wow... no... no way..."

Only then did they realize that they were being completely misled by me?

The Marquis of Enjaya glared at me with a look of incredibility.

It's amazing to have power in common sense, but I can't understand the strength, experience, and depth of technology.

On the contrary, Pace's expression became distorted as he was shocked by the fact that his power was not working.

There will be nowhere else to be distorted, but it's a strange face.

Boom!

When he saw the twin swords that rose in the air and showed off their presence as if they were playing a joke, a sound of sound came out of the mouth of the Marquis Enjaya.

"I... ..uh-gum."

I thought I might have misread it at first, but now it's hard to deny it.

"Prince Davy... how the hell did you get to the point of the black election..."

"Of course I've held the sword longer than you have."

"What a load of crap!

I can't believe it.

two swords moving freely Did they lose their will to see Hongdan and Chungdan?

The Marquis of Enjya faltered and stepped back.

On the contrary, Faith turned to the Marquis Enjaya with a gallant, as if she felt furious that my situation was well beyond her imagination.

"Okay, bugs. I don't want you to show your son, but I'll show you the real power and fear of the nobility."

He jumped to his feet after saying that.

Spang!

"What?! Hah!!"

Then, embarrassedly retreating, he took the back seat of the Marquis Enjaya and fastened his strong, sharp fangs.

So

A man, on the back of his neck...

The man... the man...

"My eyes are ruined."

God damn it.

I covered my eyes with one hand while watching without a word.

That's terrible...

For a vampire, blood transfusion is just one of his favorite meals, but it's also not a very good sight to look at.

"Kkkkkkkkkk..."

The Marquis of Enjaya, who was struggling as if embarrassed by the sudden surprise attack of Pace, slowly starts to dry up and twist.

Although the life of a sodmaster is disappearing so fleetingly, it was safe to say that he was the most underdog since none of the people here is above the sodmaster level.

Whoo!

Vampire's blood and vitality are extracted from a vampire and extorted.

As such, the manna from the Marquis Enja's body began to permeate as if it were absorbed by Faith.

At the same time, the body of the Marquis Enjia became faster to dry up and eventually collapsed with a completely hideous look.

The old man's body, which was full of muscles, now has only bones like anorexia patient.

"Wow... Whoo... ..woo... It's damn good, but it's powerful."

Face smiled gruesomely, wiping his mouth satisfactorily.

"You will regret not blocking my blood transfusion. H...hahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh."

His grisly smiling body began to be filled with grotesque and ominous red air.

At the same time, his body is a little by little. It began to change, twisting little by little.

A unique form of awakened high-level vampires.

Behind his back, huge bat wings rip up his skin. As the skeleton of the face grew, the teeth became sharper and the blood became thicker.

I mean...

"He's transforming himself with the enemy in front of him, right?"

Well... it looks like it.

The blind are telling us to go.

It is best to attack when the enemy transforms.

It's polite to wait?

Why should I?

Whaaaaah!

As soon as I threw his body into the ground without hesitation, Hong Dan was stuck on the ground as if he were fixing his body, and Cheng Dan was stuck in another place.

The power of immortality is being erased, but the power continues to regenerate where it comes from.

only

Being invincible doesn't mean you don't feel pain.

A biting smile came out.

"Huh?! What?"

"Did you think I'd wait for your transformation?"