159 # 159

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 8 of the eighth and seventh.

The old man and I had a conversation each time we moved our words.

"He who can't protect his people always goes to destruction."

He speaks by keeping the basics.

"It's also called "Woo-wang" for a king who doesn't notice the rest of the suffering because he's biased on one side. It is true that the people are important, but everyone else is the same kingdom."

"What do you think is the most important thing the people of the kingdom should have?"

"Isn't it a civic consciousness that is about to develop itself? It's also a person who loses his or her enterprising will when his or her life becomes so comfortable and loses his or her goal."

"Huh, you're so unique."

A few fights ensued by simply talking about something else.

The old man's skills were not average.

Many people would have been caught up in the number and dragged to the end because they showed eccentricity to the extent that it was possible for humans to read and leave numbers there.

"Huh... that's great, the arrangement of seven years ago was the foundation for this."

"That's a lot of old people who say that."

Smiling, he advances the elephant-shaped horse I was holding and eats his wall horse.

It's a siege."

"Huh, young man, you're too hasty. You won't be able to prepare for the next move."

"It's a must, but you shouldn't be dragged around."

He, who has spoken to me once, is asking.

"What do you think about magic?"

"The magic? What's causing the strange phenomenon?"

"Huh, yeah, if you are. What do you think?"

"Well..."

"Helison Valestia, the wise man of the Red Tower, is said to be on the verge of a seven-circle master. Everybody said in unison, he'd reach the legendary eight-circle, but he said that."

His words led me to a quiet conversation.

"When you get to the Seven Circle Master, you will see through all the ways of the world."

His words kept me silent.

"Also, that's what he said, he lifted eight circles of tents and peeped at the next scene, but there was nothing but vanity."...."

I had a pick smile.

Old's game is pushed to the last.

My side, which didn't give up its words and dragged on, was pushed back.

There is also no particular possibility of revival.

"The 8th and 9th circles are already perfect in theory, and if you've checked what you already know, there's a meaning for 8th and 9th circles, a drag, a siege, the next occupation."

Seeing him mumbling bitterly, I suddenly got up from my silence was silent.

Took.

Then he moved his words slightly and opened his mouth.

"I'm not a wise man who saw the end of magic, so I have nothing to say."

"I suppose so."

"But it seems to me that the wise man is a magician, not a wizard."

His face was questioned by my answer.

"You're not a magician?"

"What's the magic?"

"A study of non-physical science."

"There is no end to learning. The same is true of magic, which is the study of non-physical law. Look at the sky."

He looked up curiously at my words.

"Is that sun a God-made mass of light? Or is it that a mass of gas, hundreds or thousands of times larger than this mass of land that we live in, is illuminating this land that we live in from a very long distance?"

His face slowly starts to harden after my next words.

"You..."

"Alchemists say this. The ground is flat and the sun is spinning on the land we live in."

"Do you know that?"

"I was once interested. That's what other theories say. The land we live in is round, and I think the land we live in is actually going around that huge sun."

"......."

"Nothing has been revealed. I have no choice but to not know. You didn't go there yourself."

"It's..."

"A similar example is common sense. a perfectly clear prediction It is said that it is too obvious to refute. But what if it's different when you check it out yourself? If there's any other law that you don'"

My words opened his eyes wide.

"That's what it is. There's a lot of things that we don't really know that we know perfectly. Isn't magic like that? There's no such thing as perfection in the world. If you go up there, there's a place up there. There are other cases when I checked the hypothesis, which was perfect in theory."

"......."

"Why? I didn't check it out myself. It's just a hypothesis."

"Is that so?"

"You haven't even checked and experienced it yourself, but you're just saying that it's a perfect hypothesis. Well, isn't that the same with magic? You've never even reached it."

"...."

"What is the magician's first pursuit, Circle? Is it an exploration of learning?"

The word perfect exists.

However, it cannot reach perfection.

That's it?

Nine circles, the last known transition phase, is known to exist, but only seven circles?

I turned away without hesitation.

I think you've already noticed me.

"The game was fun. Let's go get the game later."

I could feel the old man staring at me blankly behind me when I turned to the end of that remark.

* * *

"You've never experienced it in person and you're talking about perfection..."

The old man who was left alone in the chair smiled in vain.

"Huh, this is the first time I've ever felt so ashamed of myself.

The hypothesis was that eight circles and nine circles could be proved.

So I wondered if it would be meaningful to try to read the next chapter.

I felt like I was hit in the back of the head with a big hammer.

Laughing out loud, he swept down his beard satisfactorily.

"S... Master!"

At that time, I could see someone running urgently from far away.

A red robe with short hair and a simple image of horn-rimmed glasses.

He was the only disciple of the old man.

"Ho-oh, it wasn't Ulys."

"Huh...Huh... Teacher! I rushed over when I heard you were here! If you could at least tell me you were coming."

"Tut, the young man can`t have a relaxed mind, but he can`t use it in such a hurry."

"I'm sorry, I couldn't serve you because I wasn't prepared enough."

"Laugh! How can an old man who has lived enough to live on be obsessed with wealth or honor? Don't make a fuss because you're just here to see."

"Whoa... By the way, did you come all the way here to see David?"

The old man asked Ulys question.

The wise man Helison Valestia swept down his beard.

"The world is wide and there is something to learn from a three-year-old child. You still realize a lot from a young man who'

"What?"

He stopped, smiling and reaching out to clear the board.

the camp of a boy who had been besieged by the defensive positions

One more step makes a perfect outer head.

There is no apparent chance of recovery.

by the way

The last count is strange.

"Hooray... hehhhhhhahhhhhhhhhhhh!

Ullis looked suspicious at his sudden burst of laughter.

"Five moves. It's been a long time since I've lost. This is also a handsome man who cares about me."

I thought I won everything, but it must have been him who was getting involved.

Standing up with a satisfactory grin, he tapped Yulis on the shoulder.

"I'm done with my business, but if I meet the little prince named Davy, give it to me."

"Yes, what are you saying..."

"I'm going to keep my promise, so come pick up the board one day. You'll have to have a revenge someday!"

Ullis, who didn't know the situation, couldn't erase his suspicious expression when he saw my teacher smiling and leaving what was so satisfied.

* * *

"Sage Helison Valestira... ...a great gentleman, but the times have caught up."

If this was not the Tionis Continent, but the Atrelia, a magical continent, he would have become one of the greatest wizards of the eight-circle fairy tales.

What's important for human growth is your own efforts.

The surrounding background cannot be ignored.

You can't be motivated without a competitor.

You look happy, don't you?

"Did it look like that? Actually, it was interesting in fact."

I've rarely won a board game like this for crazy heroes in a corridor.

The bad guys always turn the table upside down. The moment I say, "Oh, good guys!" I'll eat up the whole thing and come in.

Bellance patches are quite bad.

In this regard, such an interesting fight was so satisfying that it had been a long time since I had a good victory.

In fact, when I pat Hong Dan and Chung Dan-yi on the back with a smile, they dig into my arms more happily and fall asleep.

Davy, didn't you say there was a staff in the subspace?

"Right? It's the end of the first month, there's an ignorant staff with a dragon heart."

Is that what she can see? You know, she specializes in magic.

"I'm tired now, I'm trying to take out more of the Ellixer, casual wear and longinus, but they're scattered like a fantasy and won't come out."

With the help of a second lieutenant, we can secure a large amount of labor, and if we had taken out the staff, we would be able to put a super-large defense magic on the ground right away.

I'm stuck in a bamboo cage, damn it.

I was checking what the problem was, opening my status window familiarly.

"Hmm?"

In the information window that showed my status, I began to see that the item that was checking the leading index had changed.

Precedence index completed, transcendent item selection in subspace can be recalled. One more time remaining.

"Huh?"

At the same time, one item is added to the foreground.

My eyes narrowed when I saw the details.

"Are you going to trade like this?"

I slowly began to get a sense of why he had sent me the scar.