157 # 157

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the seventh and sixth volumes

"Solving the waterway problem in moderation."

"A lot of money went into it. Degradation. In the long run, these unprofitable large-scale jobs should be put on hold..."

"We're not in a hurry to retrieve them, Amy, what about the stones you bought at the top of Alaui?"

"Yes, I've loaded them all up in a nearby warehouse."

"Tell the guards to start working with the Dwarf in three days."

If you're done with groundwater, now pack the dirt floor, which is the source of the dust!

Of course, the scenery covered with stone is a sight that can only be seen in large metropolitan cities.

The cleaner the land, the better the sanitary conditions, and the more beautiful the exterior, the more visitors.

The increase in quality of life also meant natural population growth and revenue generation.

"I'll tell him right away."

There was something I was worried about for nothing, but Amy didn't make any more earnest words as I didn't know that.

I feel like I'm getting full.

The biggest disadvantage of farming in this land is that it can control the climate and climate.

The land of Hines is wide.

As it is not called a large wasteland for nothing.

Even if the land has been dried and cracked, it can slowly boost its popularity if it takes time and soon turn it into fertile land.

But the only drawback also existed.

It is possible to control the amount of rainfall while maintaining a large plain, but its diversity is low due to its lack of precision.

And

"Every time I drag the rain, it'll eventually cause damage around me."

That was actually the most important point.

It's nothing short of self-destructing me to live a good life and stop me from killing people around me.

"But I wish there were some spirits to manage this and that..."

The most famous kind of spiritist is the elf.

There was no way to entice them, and they were not a very attractive race right now.

"Come in."

When I slowly raised my head up and called her familiarly while reading the document Amy had left behind, I could see a man in a black uniform approaching slowly as if he had been there.

"What's going on?"

"I have something to tell you."

Lünne, who fell asleep holding Cheng Dan and Hong Dan in his arms, slowly opened his eyes at his calm answer.

Then he looks at the confrontation between me and Jack and I and he tilts his head.

"Yes, I have something to say..."

If Jack has anything to say to me, what's the big deal?

When I activated his status window without a word, I could see nothing much changed.

Dark Elf. His real name is Aina Helicana.

"Let me ask you a question before that."

"Tell me."

"Do you have a brother or sister?"

The atmosphere is subtly similar.

"What do you mean..."

"No, thanks. Yeah, I've done something for you so far. Can't you listen to me?"

He answered me in silence.

I've been through a lot, so I can't help you.

"Yes, then..."

"Huh? Someone brought a fairy tale book."

At that time, I stopped talking and mumbled coldly when I held up a small book on my desk.

"The Fairy's Lover?" Isn't this a famous Elf romance novel in the capital?"

"Yes, sir... ...I think you brought it on purpose."

"Winley? What's good about this?"

"It's a bestseller in its own way among aristocrats. Isn't it sweet and nice? The Elves exist..."

You know, it's a forest fairy and a symbol of peace among humans.

But what should I do?

"Really? I don't like the Elves."

"......."

He flinches at my words.

"When I am in front of my eyes, I want to catch him, strip him, hang him on the gate, and write him a shameless race."

"......."

The silence continued again, and his body shrank bigger.

"I'm sorry, you've become so emotional, what were you trying to say?"

* * *

"Hahahahaha! Really? Are you really into this?"

As if to make fun of her, a slim number of women laughed.

"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...

"Higgo, my dusk, will you see my face turn red? Laugh out loud!"

A woman with brown skin, dressed as if she showed her slim figure without hesitation, smiled pleasantly and stroked Aria's head.

Oh, my God, what kind of man pats the head of the absolute emperor of the great empire on the head of the youngest woman who is terribly cheap.

Nevertheless, not only the parties involved but also the nearby woman did not feel anything strange about it.

Healthy-looking copper skin, slim figure, and fairly open clothing are actually common in the Western Continent.

Of course, it is also true that pumpkin-colored ponytail-shaped hair, which attracts the attention of people with sexy and beautiful looks in their early 20s, is not just understandable.

But once I knew who she was, I could see that she wasn't very common.

Bull fox,

Katrinne Carabella.

It is a tinnitus attached to the tail and ears with flaming fur.

She is a very frivolous and young woman on the surface, but in reality, she was one of the greatest powers of the Lindis Empire, which the enemy of the empire fears most, and the great Duke of the Empire.

Catherine, a natural born pure monk, is as strong as Emperor Deord, the nation's best sword in terms of force.

In other words, he was among the best masters of the Lindis empire.

The reason why she survived the thousands of customs in this country even though she existed was actually simple.

a single force

Born free, she was a great empire, but on the contrary, she was a single force with little power.

"Oh, my lady, look at my fair skin. How could you hide such a cute face for so long?"

"Uh... it tickles. Stop it."

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh Huh? Do you know how many rumors are circulating in the Empire right now? The leading aristocrats lined up to see the face of the dusk. I'm just trying to get those ragged little bastards out of here we go.

Laughing like a middle-aged man, she teased Aria on her cheek, but hugged her without a word.

"Now I can smile, and I'm so glad to hear that, degradation."

"Thank you for your concern. Catherine."

"By the way, that's amazing, I'm not saying that I cured the terrible disease that I gave up in the Holy Land in just a few days."

"The... Right?"

As Katherine was agonizing over her chin, Arya answered with a slight fall from her.

"I can't see that kind of ability anywhere. After taking away all the hearts of our dusk, I went back as if nothing had happened."

At her agonizing muttering, Aria realized that Catherine was making a serious error.

"Oh... no."

"Huh? What's not?"

"I... I... I mean...I didn't fall in love with him for treating me... ...because he saved me before..."

It was important.

It was in the past that she fell in love with a prince named Davy O'Loon, more than in the Empire.

"This... this is important!"

"Ah..."

What should I do with this cute creature?

Catherine began seriously considering kidnapping the cute little dangny to her mansion.

"Do you like the prince so much, my depraved daughter?"

"Well... well... "...

He blushes his face to see if he is embarrassed by what he says and bows his head down.

Katherine laughed at the sight, saying, "I haven't seen the scenery in a long time."

"Oh, my little dangny girl, what can I do?"

"Well... stop it."

"You want me to give you a piece of advice? There's a way to catch him."

"Well... is there something like that?"

With her eyes wide open and her head raised, she could be considered seriously ill.

"Who the hell is this guy that's missing our dusk?'

She had never met the prince of the young small country in person, as she was on an expedition to the periphery of the empire when Aria was cured.

"I feel that the prince is either too considerate or too coy, he'll get wrinkled in a lot of ways. The prince left without hesitation, and his daughter's fool, the Emperor, would not lead him to a national marriage."

"That... that..."

At last, Katherine grinned at her crying.

"There's a good way to do that."

"Eh... Tell me!"

As Aria answered as if she was going to do anything, Catherine conveyed her thoughts and shook what she had always carried in her arms.

"You can do it."

"What?"

There was a short pause.

"Go eat him. It's better to have a baby in your stomach. He's got his own kid in the boat. You think he's gonna throw him away? And the Imperial Lady?"

"What?"

"Denying the dusk. A man or woman, whoever likes it, gets it. The sublime act of facing the body is the ultimate goal of all living things, which means that there is no superiority between each other, and the degradation of the dusk has such a cute appearance, right? If I were you, I would immediately infiltrate the bedroom wearing only Neglije."

"Katrinnie!!"

"It's up to you to decide where to eat, but in fact, wherever you're going to feel... ..."

"Huh...hahaha!"

"Keep that in mind, the shady guys? In that sense, your voice is almost like a living arsenal."

"That... that... that... that's enough. Clothes!"

Aria screamed with a red face more than before.

What kind of crazy person in the world says this to the Hwangs?

The problem was that the advice of Grand Duke Catherine, who had free thoughts, was too intense for Aria to accept.

* * *

There is a chill of silence.

He's got a really stiff face.

I was seriously shut up by the voice of Persec, who smiled and spoke.

'Really. I told you I don't like geeks.'

It was not a pointless sound.

This was like a test I threw at him. If you notice it, you'll get the result.

Why else?

'Just.'

As I mentioned before, I don't like geeks because they are picky.

To be exact, I don't like the elf as much.

Because they're vegetarians?

No.

Because they're a very strict race?

That's a reason, but it wasn't a fundamental reason.