163 # 163

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 12 of the Seven Books

"By the way, are you going to keep this tied up? But you're a landowner and an employer. Is this illegal?"

To my question, the elf, dressed in antique clothes, jumped up, drew his bow and hung his arrows on the demonstration.

"Shut up, man! Kill me right now..."

"Stop it! Elder congee!"

Soon after she silenced the crowd in a loud voice, she looked at me with her invisible eyes.

"You're here for something you want to say, right? You came in a completely different way than before."

"I had a little situation this time."

Stuck water is rotting.

That's what complete blocking is, and you don't seem to have any idea what the chain is doing to your forest.

"If you say so, Milia, please show him to my room."

"Ha... but, Yuri!"

A woman, Elf Guard, who was crying out and scared, called her.

"It's okay. I don't know anyone else, but I can trust him."

Her words caused another great stir around her.

* * *

Sting... Sting... Sting...

As the trunk of the tree that had been tying me up as if I were alive slowly unraveled and my hands became natural, I reached out to the car in front of me and stopped.

When she first came disguised as a maid named Yuri.

Didn't I have a precedent when I was in charge of raising the car?

"You didn't come out with a crickets this time again, did you?"

"Oh, it's good for taste and good for health. Try it. My employer."

I'm smiling, but the gaze feels colder.

"It's a tea made by maturing slime fluid for a long time. It tastes the best among my works, and it's very good for your skin."

She said and savored the same tea without hesitation.

"......I don't mind."

It's not that I can't eat it, it's not that I don't like it.

My stomach is stronger than I imagined.

Would I step down to this point when I chewed on bugs that were struggling to satisfy my hunger?

The important thing is to attract their attention at once, and to reassure them.

I apply differently to the fact that I am not here to crush them.

"Huh!"

Her bizarre taste may have been very famous among the elves, but her facial expressions began to turn blue.

However, on the contrary, a deep scent has been circulating in the nose, providing an unexpected addictive quality.

"It's delicious. It's also very helpful for the flow of mana."

"Oh, right? It works so well, but why don't other people drink it?"

The elder and some elf guards, who followed Yuri's heartfelt gaze with tears in their eyes, turned away from her.

"Most people can't eat it even if it's good for their health."

I smiled and put down the empty glass before I knew it, and looked at Yuri.

It's a pretty girl.

To be exact, it would be right to call her a woman.

The coming-of-age ceremony was already over, but the smell of the spirit unique to the adult elf seemed not to be as young as it was.

What was a little surprising though was her appearance.

Although called a fairly beautiful race, Yuri's appearance was definitely shining among the elves.

This means that he is not a high-elf for nothing.

"The next time you pull out, you can pull it up. No matter how hard it is, crickets don't have wings."

"Oh, I can't believe you're saying that in this situation."

Her small fist rolled up and she smiled and looked me in the eye with a mysterious smile.

"Yes, my employer, what brings you here?"

I was about to answer something to her.

Bang!

"Yuria! Is there anything more to see in the radish? Talking to these harmless people makes me feel like my mind is being polluted!"

An elf who rose in fury growled at me, tearing me to death.

He used to be called the Condae Elder.

"Human, you have no choice. I'll kill you after I figure out how you found this place! What are you doing? Get him out of here and put him in jail!"

"Stop it."

Perhaps he was even angrier at the calm words of Yuri, he was furious with blood on his neck.

"Don't you know how big this is yet?! Are you thinking of selling countless elves as slaves because of your childishness?"

"Stop."

The elder Condae flinched at the words of the smiling Yuri Helishana.

"......don't make me say it one more time?"

His mouth is smiling.

Oh, charisma is a natural born thing.

'It's good. I like it even more.'

If a leader like Yuri is a spokesperson for the elf, I think it might suit me quite well.

It's not staring, it's a calm look, but it creates an atmosphere that seems to weigh down people.

In a sense, she had an atmosphere worthy of the ruler.

"I'm talking to you right now, so could you wait a minute?"

"Hmm..."

She smiled and continued to talk to me as the elder Condae, who had been pushed back in the fight, shrank.

"I was cut off for a while. Shall we go back to the main topic?"

"Let's do that."

I looked at her with a light reception.

"I think I'll need some help to clean up this pollution, is it wrong?"

"That's right. I need your spirit affinity. The affinity with spirits is incomparable to that of ordinary elves."

"To summon the highest spirits?"

"Yes, we need that level of spirits to clean up pollution, but I can't do it alone. That's why I went all the way to the Hines estate to get help from my employer."

Yuria didn't hide his innermost thoughts.

It may have been the result of judging that a clumsy trick is meaningless to me who knows who I am.

but

"Let's hit him."

Her eyes were round in my words.

"What's that..."

"Let's go straight, let's make a deal, I'll clean up the forest. So I want you all to be the official Young Jimin of the Hines estate."

She narrowed her round eyes at my words.

"It's the same way as Dwarf..."

"You know a lot."

"The Dwarf Elder is a major regular in my special car."

It would have freaked out if the old Mr. Golda knew the exact ingredients of the car.

Ignorance must be the cure.

She laughs at my laughter.

"I'm sorry. I refuse, but I need your help."

"Hmm..."

"I will pay for it instead."

She answered sternly.

62. The moaning spirits.

Her refusal was as expected.

I consented to her request with ease.

Anyway

'You're going to fail.'

Is it because the story went smoothly?

Yuria was too willing to step down, but she didn't miss the opportunity.

Then she accepted my stay in the woods until the day she planned the summoning ceremony of the highest spirits.

Of course, the elders, who shouted against everything, were strongly opposed, but Yuria did not reverse his decision and pushed ahead.

The reason itself was simple.

"This is the home of the Moon Foresters. If there is a way, I would choose practicality over the stubbornness of world numbers. The elders seem to have little affection for the forest because they are inhabitants of the new tree. Then you may leave."

Perhaps because of her determined decision, which was contrary to her rather delicate impression, the elders eventually withdrew without saying anything.

in that respect

The Elders mean she's a very important person.

'Whether it means something bad or good.'

It looks close to the former just by looking at it.

Since then, I have been guided by Yuri, who followed me, and reached the area that is the source of pollution, and I have openly frowned and expressed my displeasure.

[Sick......]

[Save me...]

The cries of groaning spirits were heard everywhere.

A terrible smell stimulates the nose and can also make your mind suffer.

The horrible smell that those who are at the normal level or low in spirit affinity never feel stimulates the sense of smell.

How hard it must have been to be caught by the Spirit Queen Yuriana to increase the spirit's affinity.

"I was thrown into the magma to increase the affinity of fire, and I put it on the edge of the water for months to increase the affinity of water."

Oh, my God, there's a limit to being ignorant... ...and you're still alive?

Common sense may make sense, but in the end, he did it.

I used all the methods I had to prepare myself to survive in that extreme environment and forced myself to raise my affinity and go through nearly physical renovation.

You cannot summon a spirit in a corridor.

Just as Shane Scrift, a recall summoner in the past, embodied the king of the three repatriations in his memory, the only thing that the Spirit Queen Euryana embodied in the corridor was the spirit she had contracted.

Corridor is a world of soul, so it is a place where the living beings cannot reach.

It's the only way to build affinity without signing a contract with the spirits.

That was a little too much.

"Is this where the pollution started?""

"That's right."

I fell on one knee and reached out to the floor without a word in response to Yuri's answer that followed me.

The forest, which should have been beautiful and clean, was devastated by the contamination of the spirits.

Few plants were properly alive, and the soil on the floor was swamped like a sticky tar.

"It's all the way to the bottom. It's an endless swamp. So you don't go in..."

Ignoring her words, she walked into the middle of the swamp and her eyes opened wide.

I'm sure I'm embarrassed because my body, which should have fallen into the swamp in an instant, is not falling out like it's on a hard floor.

It was simply moved using an air tile, but it is hard for elves who have little knowledge of magic to understand it.

"What's wrong with you?"

"Oh, no... ...you're the one who... ..."

Stopping absurdly at the entrance of the swamp, I looked at the sticky essence of the floor without a word.