166 # 166

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 15 of the Seven Books

"Hmm?"

As I turned my head, I could see a very small girl who looked about 4 to 5 years old looking up at me with plump eyes.

On the surface, she was an innocent little girl, but one thing was different from the existing elves.

Unlike the elves, who were dressed in fairly open clothes, he wore a peculiarly shaped robe.

"Do you want to eat?"

Unlike other children, he came to me with courage.

Even if you don't like the elves, you can't ignore individuals.

When I handed him a candy as if I were treating a child, he was so angry that he hid himself behind the tree where I was leaning.

Then he put out his head and asked quietly.

"Oh... ..you're a human being?"

Hongdan and Chengdan were similar in physique, but their pronunciation was clear as Elf, a long-lived race.

"Yes, human."

"Huhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

The man, who had been opening me up curiously at my answer, slowly revealed himself again and approached me carefully.

"Delicious smell..."

"Come on, don't bite, lick it slowly."

"Delicious smell!"

The guy who blinked at my words accepted the candy and carefully stuck out his tongue and licked it.

Then he opened his eyes wide and put them in his mouth, and he showed a big smile.

"Hehe, it's delicious."

"Your name?"

"Muuu. My mom named it for me."

The man who answered calmly ignored Hong Dan and Chung Dan and asked me face-to-face.

"Mr. Man."

"Why don't you call me an older brother instead of an uncle?"

"Mr. Man."

He was a stubborn fellow.

"Are you a human being?"

Another meaningless question.

When I slightly opened my eyes and nodded, he pulled my arm.

"Muu, I'll show you the treasure!"

He was the one who responded to the word "human" and told me that he was showing me his treasure.

She just shrugged her shoulders when she saw Perserk pulling her sleeve as if to follow her.

Kids showing my treasure is a very favorable response, Davy.

"Huh? Huh? Earl! I'm going to show you my mue treasure! It's a beautiful, shiny treasure!"

As he pulled his collar as if to follow him, I slowly grabbed my two children and stood up.

"Okay, let's go."

I said a bright smile on his face.

There is something about a child's smile, regardless of race, that makes people feel cozy.

* * *

Mew, a little elf girl in a robe, took me to a dense forest a little away from the village where the elves lived.

The area of the elf was clear from the sight of a nearby spirit tree, which was a little oddly distant.

"Mr. Man! Here! Sit here!"

What was so exciting was that the guy who led me to the tree stump slapped me on the back of my seat, ran quickly and crawled familiarly through the small wooden hole behind me.

It was a subtle and clumsy space for a house.

However, Mueu was accustomed to entering and leaving the wooden hole as if it were his house.

After leaving Hongdan and Cheongdan to Lünne, he was looking around for a while, and a spirit who was looking at the other side of the forest glanced out his head.

Then he crept up on me and soon he rubbed his head in my hand.

To the extent that I can feel that rumbling is quite favorable.

Elkredi, who had no horns, was famous for not approaching Elkredi recklessly even if it was an elf.

But as soon as he found me, he approached me and expressed his favor.

When I first came to this forest, it showed how absurd the natural affinity inherent in my body was, considering that the spirits and natural spirits were quite favorable to me.

"Cough... ..Cha."

I've been waiting so long.

Soon after, Mueu, who crawled back out of the small hole, wriggled down from the tree and rushed to me and held out a small pocket.

"Treasure! Mew Treasures!"

I looked surprised when I saw the object in her pocket, smiling brightly as if she wanted me to see it.

"Oh, it's the spirit."

"Shining! Mom gave it to me!"

As soon as I was thinking about what to say to him as if he was asking how he was smiling, Persec, who tapped on my shoulder, said with a gentle smile.

Tell them you envy them because they want them to be surprised at their treasure.

"Oh, my God! I envy you."

.......

Persec's expression cooled down when a strange performance, which seemed to be subtly out of tune, unfolded.

A monkey can do better than that.

As she said, the acting I just did was awkward enough to think for myself that it was a little too much.

However, Muu must have been different.

"Hehe!"

Even the awkward act seemed to have been accepted, smiling brightly and stabbing the ghost with his fingers, and sticking out the fruit he had taken out of his other pocket.

"Mr. Man! Mew and his secret friend!"

Secret friend?

"Secret... friend?"

An embarrassing voice came out, but the boy nodded his head as if there was no problem.

"Yes! Yes! My mom told me before I went to heaven! He said he could trust some of the humans! You have a warm scent, so you're a good human being! That's why I'm friends with Mew!

Is it a reaction that the elf, who usually ostracizes other species other than them, can show?

I was about to activate information about her due to a sudden strangeness.

"Ahhhhhhhhhh...

The hood of the robe was stuffy, and the guy who took off the hood showed a missing front tooth, revealing the difference in the difference in front of me.

Oh, my God... ...he's been gone for nearly 300 years. How...

"Half-Elf..."

a little elf girl with a strangely green hair in favor of human beings

He's.

It was half-Elf, a mixed race between humans and elves.

* * *

a mixture of elves and men

They were called half-elves in the world.

Unlike the elves and high-elves, who usually have pointed and long ears, the half-elf had no sense of being quite blunt compared to pure blood.

Of course, they still have longer ears than humans.

As a result, between humans and elves, Muu was not so hostile or wary of me, a human being like my father.

However, he could not hide his feelings of loneliness enough to feel the lack of affection hidden in the smile.

"Mister, mister! So now you're my secret friend?"

"Let's just be friends."

"But the town says you shouldn't be with Mew."

She was speaking with her mouth sticking out.

"And so did Timmy and Ellie! I said I don't deserve to make friends because I'm a harp!"

"Who?"

"Huhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... So neither Timmy nor Elly said sorry and didn't play with Mew! Is Mew a harp?"

a congee elder

It's clear that the Elder, who had considerable hostility toward me, was the elf elder.

What Muwoo said with a bright smile seemed like a pleasant conversation with a friend when he was just listening, but the reality was not that fun.

I had no idea how absurd and unreasonable this was, but it was unpleasant for me.

"There is no way to know who is the uglier race."

Elves and humans, in my view, were them after all.

relationships with external beings

Mew, the half-elf in between.

For the strict elf, who appears to be a conservative, the existence of the half-elf Muu must have been rejected.

"You don't have to keep it a secret."

"Huh? Why? Grandfather Condae said we should never be friends with Mew."

"That's the old man... ...no, the old man didn't know that."

"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

The man, who was tilting his head, laughed as if he was somehow okay.

"Then, mister! Are you friends with Mew?"

"Yes."

I had a bitter feeling in my pure heart, with such a plain smile.

What I am somewhat favorable to the elves here is the existence of Yuri.

And there were elves who could think common sense except for a few conservatives.

"That's enough... I'll be in trouble if I get caught..."

"I'll scold you even more. Don't worry."

I'm going to stop you from hearing you from a little bean-sized boy.

The person who was thinking hard on my lips chewed the fruit with a small mouth.

"Really? Yay! Then you and Muu are friends! Not a secret friend, just a friend!"

"Yes."

"What's your name, uncle?"

"Davie."

In my words, Mew repeated his name several times as if he were rolling it in his mouth.

"Davie Allown."

"Davie All Loun... ...Davie, Davy. So it's Davey?"

"Yes."

As I stroked his head, Hong Dan, who was sitting next to me sucking candy, took the remaining candy and asked courageously.

"You want some candy?"

"Wow! I want to eat it! I want to eat it!"

Children get along easily.

In an instant, a bitter and warm smile flowed out of the sight of Cheng Dan, Hong Dan, and Mu Woo, who became close.

When Hongdan and Chengdan showed their goodwill, Muu was even happier.

I asked as if I suddenly remembered seeing Mew, who was so happy that he had more friends.

"Mew."

"Huh?"

"Do you want me to show you a spirit to celebrate being a friend?"

"The Spirit? Yeah! I want to see it! Little friends! How cute!"

I don't know if you know that you're cuter.

When I saw him running around and enjoying himself, I stood up like a bull in a blue moon.

Then he drew a magic wand familiarly with his fingers in a suitable space.

The size was not big, but it would contain everything you need.

"Come on, mue. Stand here."

As I said, she came up and stood in front of me.

So I put my hand in his armpit and put him in front of the magicians and said,

"Now, I'm just following what you're saying."

"Yes! I'm going to see the Mew Spirit!"

I soon erased my smile when I was looking at him with sparkling eyes.

Then he looked at the magicians with a calm gaze and began to lift the spirit manna inside his body.

Unlike pure blood elves, half elves were quite low in spirit affinity.

In addition, it was widely believed that there was no way to summon the existence of spirits for the young mue.

Yes, it was a regular rumor.

You're the one who destroys common sense.

It was not difficult to make a friend for someone who needed a friend.

Even if it's an act of destroying common sense.

I wondered what kind of spirits would be good.

In any spirit, the first spirits have a significant impact on the tendency of the spirits.

Well, yes. Random boxes are in the open.

I quietly opened my mouth, swallowing the gush of laughter.

"Great will that has existed since the beginning. A part of nature that governs all things."

"Tae... ..that exists in the beginning..."

On the screen flowing out of my mouth, Mue began to recite the sentence I was saying clearly, even though he looked curious.

"Your will and my wishes are in contact with me to open the hall of sublime contract."

As Muu continued, the spirit mana, who had to escape from his body, escaped from my body instead of him.

Who should I call?

Pick, pick, put the spirit and eat the spirit.

"Water Spirit? Land Spirit? Which one do you want to see?"

Just say it, this guy will pay to celebrate being a friend.

"Wow... ...little friend! Mew, I want to see your dirt friend!"

"Yeah... ...I want to see Noom."

"I want to see Mew Noas! NOAS!"