164 # 164

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 13 of the Seven Books

The pollution of the spirits was clear.

This is like a disease in the forest disease in the forest.

It was this pollution that caused errors in the system by a few coincidences.

But the pollution I've identified here...

It's faster than I thought. In this case…'

I can't avoid that feeling.

If so, you have no choice but to check it out for yourself.

Didn't you happen to have an eccentric elf who was friendly to me?

"The pollution is worse than I thought. Is there something I don't know?"

"What would you like to know?"

I asked her question quietly.

"As far as I know, high elves have the power to purify the forest just by being there."

"Oh, my God, how did you..."

"I know at least your adult Helicana is the word for the E.L.F. Br. E."

The reason why I don't put Uria Helicana and Jack on the same line as family even though they have the same last name.

It was because the last name of the elf did not mean family, but a word that represented the current position or class.

High elves are not the center of the forest for nothing.

It's just the pedigree that's going to be a problem for all the elves.

She sighed as if she had resigned herself to being shocked as more than imagined information flowed out of my mouth.

"I'm...

At my question, she slowly bowed her head and murmured bitterly.

"The power to purify the forest has been sealed under the punishment of the World's Tree."

In her answer, I touched the surface of the melted tree, consistently silent.

the source of forest pollution

It was a huge tree that existed in the middle of a forest far from the residential area of the Elves.

On the surface of the tree, grotesque flesh stuck together as if it had formed a tumor, and my heart was pounding like a beat.

When the spirit power was raised silently to the surface of the tree, which looked like a bizarre twist, a spirit that looked like a little boy slowly appeared inside the surface.

a miserable skeleton, eyes dripping with blood

far from a beautiful and clean spirit

It was the image of a polluted spirit.

[It hurts... It hurts... Save me...]

I put my finger on the cheek of the spirit without a word in the sight of its misery.

"Are you sick?"

Human... liver? Human beings see us?]

"Yeah, how's it going?"

It hurts... It hurts so much... but it's okay.]

Normally, natural spirits should have gathered like pure children, but the spirits here only groaned everywhere as if they could not afford to do such things.

"Since when did you do this?"

"It hasn't been long. It was a very small level of pollution, so it was possible to heal itself..."

"Overturned expectations, pollution was too fast?"

"Yes."

Indeed, it is true that someone has touched it.

One of the town's elves, or an outsider from somewhere else.

Originally, there is a Yuri that needs to clean up the pollution, so it would be normal to clean up the pollution on its own.

She was punished by the number of people in the world, and her power to purify the forest was sealed.

"I heard that stagnant water rotts."

I can't believe I'm watching the world's water, which is supposed to protect the spirits, contaminated and dying.

It's not even funny.

"Is the world still in the western part of the continent?"

"Are you not an elf? How do you even know that?"

"Answer."

"Yes, that's right, the western part of the continent, the Holy Land of the New Tree. It's there. It used to be a place full of recordings and peace."

"Tell me later if you have a chance. If you see him, he'll cut down."

What a crazy tree is doing on other people's land.

"If you've made a fortune in other people's land, you should be prepared to be cut down."

There is also an electric saw that is a good logging device and a good means of communication.

A new tree that has lost its purpose is worthless.

Given that he sealed the power of an elf for his desire and turned the forest into this state, the world leader has already abandoned his duty.

If that happens, of course you'll lose to the E.L.F.

Either way, he's not my lord and he's not a citizen of the Loun Kingdom.

I'm just trying to develop the land in a variety of ways by accepting and dissolving other races such as Dwarf and Elf, orcs and Suin without discrimination.

He is not a philanthropist who protects his own kind.

"Cook... Cook... you're a very outspoken employer."

"Do you think it's a lie?"

"But wouldn't it be a little funny to cut down the world number? The world's male tree is tens of meters thick. Old giant tree that doesn't scratch even with Swordmasters' oracle blades."

While explaining it, she smiled at what was so bitter.

"Am I a bad person?"

"In a way, isn't it?"

It would seem so from an objective point of view.

One head is putting dozens or hundreds of elves in danger by personal greed.

It is a clear fact that she was unable to clean up the forest because of her antagonism with the world number.

"I rejected the marriage that the world's number has given me. So he was punished by God. The aftermath was naturally revealed in this forest where I live and came to this point because I couldn't even stop the pollution that I could clean up quickly."

If you just broke your stubbornness. Shouldn't the forest not have suffered like this?

There was a guilty conscience on her face as if she thought so.

"It's my last attempt. If this fails, I'm going to send all the others back to my side. It's better than dying."

"What about you?"

"My resting place is here. If the forest is so polluted that it can't be used, I will burn my soul to purify it."

That would surely deter pollution.

However, the conclusion that the spirits here, as well as the Uria, are all extinguished remains unchanged.

High Elfrani was punished by the world's number for refusing to marry.

It's a long way to go wrong in the way things go wrong.

"May I ask you why you refused the engagement?"

"The Holy Father... ...I couldn't give him everything I could."

I think you have your own reasons.

That famously crazy triangle...

"He tricked my sister into corruption in the past, and eventually kicked her out of the arms of nature. I haven't seen my sister since. I'm... ..."

Her face was rarely filled with resentment and anger.

Of course, the young shading on her face was just a moment.

I need to reflect on the triangular nonsense, you.

'Chew.'

"I can't forgive him."

Marriage with the man who destroyed my family is more fantasy than fiction.

"It's the world's fault that sealed your ability in the first place, and you didn't make this forest your own, did you?"

Pollution of the Spirit is like a forest disease.

If the elf resides, spirits flock and natural forces become stronger.

Like the indiscriminate increase of white blood cells and the warped body suffers from leukemia.

It's like the homework that the elf has that happens anytime, anywhere.

That's why the high elves in each forest take the place of the head and clean up the forest.

It is just wrong for those who sealed their authority by imposing an unwanted marriage on Yuri, the head of the forest, who was doing well, and then punishing her for refusing.

Uria is more of a victim.

The idea of cursing victims should be eliminated.

It's not even funny that the perpetrator is favored and the victim is hiding.

It was obvious that the original.

a conflict of influence among elves

Perhaps the reason why other high elves do not come even though they know the state of the forest is because of the conflict of influence among the elves.

The other high elves beside the godmok.

They would want to hold the white flag themselves by killing Yuria here more and more.

Unlike dwaff, which is called dung sacks, meticulous cuties pretend to be gentle on the outside but are black on the inside.

The elves, who had been trapped in a vault, were twisted like water that had been trapped in a well, hiding themselves from the world.

* * *

"The Condae Elder. What are you going to do?"

"That's right. Yuri Helishana was born with a great talent among the high elves. Yuria's sister, too, has the talent and affinity to sign a top-class spirit that appeared in hundreds of years."

At the words of the two elders, Elder Condae breathed out briefly.

"I suppose so, because of its affinity, it's more than 20 years of forest pollution that should have dried up and twisted in an instant."

"Then what can I do? Now, Yuri is trying to summon the highest spirits! It's also the power of human beings, a race full of greed!"

"But the spirit affinity is real, it's a ridiculous stretch... ...but if you're a Yuri, you really have the potential to succeed."

At the cries of the resentful elders, Elder Condae smiled grimly.

"Don't worry. If you really succeed, you can raise the level of pollution accordingly. If the desperate attempts go down the drain, the reaction will be even greater."

"Then..."

"That's when we step up. He proudly executes the man who knows the existence of the elf, presses Eurya Helishana, and drags him back to the side of the new tree. It's a very good scenario, isn't it?"

Two other elders shook their heads at the words of the elder Condae.

"But... I've heard that he's not a normal human being, but as you say, there's a possibility that we'll be run over before we use our hands."

"Right, so shouldn't we set a trap?"

Elder Condae took a small bead out of his arms.

"It's the seal of the ancient spirit."

"Oh, my God... such a noble treasure..."

"In the beginning, it's a treasure that amplifies the power of spirits, but on the contrary, it's also a force suppression effect, and it sounds like a master-level field for a young age."

He smiled grimly after a short murmur.

"Even if it is a master-level site, how can a man who has been sealed with mana and divine power be attacked by the E.L.F.'s great power, the E.E.'s A.E."

His grinning face was full of satisfaction.

"But he seems to have an unusual affinity for spirits. If it's enough for you to ask for help..."

"Oh, where can we summon the spirits because they are only friendly? Did you forget the common sense that spirits have no choice but to slowly sign with the higher spirits by assimilating from the lower spirits?"

The congee's words made the other elders nod their heads.

"Tue, I'm sure you are."

"Clearly, nothing changes, we must bring Uriah to the Holy Father's side."

His eyes shone dangerously.

"As politely as possible. You can't get in the way of that."