167 # 167

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 16 of the Seven Books

You know that Noah is the Spirit of the Earth, right? Does it?

There was a laugh at the naive request.

"Noah is too busy to watch it now, I'll show you later."

"Ehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! You're lying!"

This guy?

"Okay, I'll show you soon, let's be content with noom for now. How's Naughing?"

Noom, the lower spirits of the earth

"Noum? Noon, you want me to be your friend?"

"Of course."

"Then I want to see it! Noom!"

The summoning of spirits was carried out sequentially.

After summoning lower spirits and assimilation with them, the intermediate spirits are completed, and the higher spirits are completed when assimilation with intermediate spirits is completed.

The same can be said of the highest spirits and the king of spirits.

Although the time difference between fully assimilating with the contract spirit was large depending on individuals' capabilities, it was true that the system was absolutely followed at some point.

Soon a great deal of strength was lost.

Although I lost more power than I thought because I pushed it a little bit in a wrong way, considering the total amount of power I had, I didn't want to go anywhere.

Whoooooooooooooh!

Soon after, as soon as the Yeongchang finished, the Magic Circle began to emit light, and Muu looked down at the Magic Circle as if it was amazing.

Stretch! Droop!

Then, after a very brief interval, a large amount of soil began to gather over the Magic Circle and began to take the form of a small dwarf.

The basic shape was similar to a human being, but the roundness felt like seeing an animal standing on two feet.

"Ears... Cute! Noom! Mew and secret... no! No! Let's be friends!

Did he understand the words of a man who shouted with excitement?

Nowum, who was fully formed, looked at me and Mew alternately, then slowly flew up and kissed Mueu's forehead.

"Are you really friends?!"

Perhaps, the voice of that novation is heard only by Mew.

Soon afterwards, the faint light was engraved on Mueu's forehead and slowly disappeared.

Originally, the impossible contract was completed.

The elf, who hasn't grown in the first place, has a contract with the spirits.

Usually, elves are said to be blessed by nature.

In fact, it was also true that even the elves who were not talented were a good breed of spirits, at least enough to deal with lower spirits.

But there were definitely restrictions on those elves, too.

After a certain period of growth, called primary growth, by Elf's standards, will be blessed by the spirits and will be able to deal with them and summon them.

a period of growth beyond infancy

Elves go through the process of primary growth out of infancy, secondary growth, and finally third growth to reach adulthood.

Mewu is a young elf who hasn't grown up yet.

In the case of a really young elf who failed to grow up in the first place, he doesn't even have the power to summon them, let alone contract spirits.

"If you want to call your Noum friend, hold him tightly in your hand and shout in your heart, and he'll show up anytime."

"Wow! Mew has a lot of friends! There are so many! Mew was so obedient and calm that his mom and dad sent a friend from heaven!"

Hongdan, Chengdan, me and Noum.

Ferserk closed his mouth with one hand and wept as he was so happy that he had four friends at once.

Hmm...... I was so lonely.

The mana needed at the time of the contract was provided, but basically the spirit mana needed to be summoned or handled later had to be borrowed until he grew up.

And the subject will be the Spirit Stone containing the Spirit Manna.

The quality was pretty good, so there wouldn't be a big problem with the use itself.

He's a muu who cries out for God, and he's excited about riding on the atmosphere of Cheongdan and Hongdan.

I slowly opened my mouth as I was jumping and looking at the three children I liked.

"Well, how long did it take you to find it once?"

The usual relaxed voice sank subtly.

"I heard you were here."

"Yuri."

"I think you figured out why I came to you."

Where I turned my head, I saw Uria Helishana, who brought a basket of fruits, smiling bitterly.

* * *

"Ah! Come here!"

"Hahahahaha! Catch me!"

Looking at the three children running around excitedly, Yuri smiled brightly.

"It's been a long time since I've seen that kid having so much fun."

"Wasn't the minor elf absolutely protected?"

"I don't know how you know that... ...but I have nothing to say about that. There was no tendency to reject Half-Elf, but it wasn't as bad as it is now."

With a bitter sigh, she gazed at the playing mue with a dim look.

"Mew's mother was a normal-blooded Elf. And my father was an ordinary human being."

An elf guard who leaves the forest for communication between villages or transporting important items.

Mew's mother was one of those messengers.

"I was on my way back to New York after the mission, when I met a monster and was on the verge of death. We met there. Mew's father who saved her from dying."

A life-saving Elf woman and a human man who saved her.

something dreary between them

And the child who was born between the two, Half-Elf and Mew.

"I would have lived in the human world, but I guess a bandit was in a small village of three people. Only Mew and his mother managed to escape to the Holy Tree."

"The boy's father... ...no, the answer is obvious."

"Yes, it was after that. Mew's mother, who left the forest at will and made a relationship with humans, could not avoid the angry World Sue's punishment. All I can do is hide my innocent muse and save it."

Juria pretended to have Mueu's life and took her here with him.

That was all.

"Most of the forest's inhabitants were tired of such ridiculous conservative tyranny of the world. If it were for them, the mue could have melted into the village."

"But judging by the circumstances, I think you've left him alone outside."

"It's because of the conservatives. When I came here with my back against the Holy Land, the World Sue sent me three elders to keep an eye on me. You've already met one of them, right?"

an elder by the name of condae He was an elf man who was quite overbearing and conservative.

"The conservatives in this forest have a low support base. There are actually very few elves in this forest who follow them. It's okay to say that there are no people who follow it properly. But... ..."

Behind them were the world's numbers.

As soon as I crossed the line even a little, the world number intervened.

"At first, all I had to do was stop the Conduit Elder trying to kill Mueu. All they had to do was to create a habitat outside the forest so that they wouldn't be able to get along with others and save their lives by creating a situation like this."

"Are you afraid of the world's revenge?"

"The people of this forest are like thorns in the eyes of the world. Yes, he's a traitor in human terms. But a traitor who has no justification to send troops and punish them right now."

She sighed, speaking calmly.

"That's why everyone is holding their breath. Until I summon the highest spirits."

Apart from the punishment, they could be free without the virtue of the world's numbers interfering. In addition, the top spirits had the added effect of strengthening the authority of the high elf.

I endured resentment, shame, and injustice. There was little choice given to them because of the lack of strength in small villages.

"The villagers know. They're so nice that everyone wants to help him without being seen from behind his back. It's just... ...coward."

She tapped on the basket she had brought. Then he looked at me face to face.

"That's a public opinion... ...but from now on, it's going to be my opinion."

She smiled sweetly.

"Employee."

She called me quietly and got up from her seat and knelt down on me.

Then he looked down quietly and tried to say something.

But I cut off her flow before she could open her mouth.

"I'm fishing right now."

"......."

"But I'm a little short of bait. Do you want to join that?"

I'm confident that I'll catch you like a bunch of dried yellow corvina.

Slowly raising her head, she had a light smile on her face.

* * *

a solemn atmosphere

Everyone held their breath and could not take their eyes off the huge magic line that stretched out in front of their eyes.

It was an auxiliary magic team that operated with the spirit magic of the elves, which had been handed down since ancient times to summon the highest spirits.

To make a contract by filling in the lack of affinity and manna with the help of others.

The limit was only about six people, but that was actually enough.

There are seven intermediate spirits in this forest, except for Uria, who signed with the higher spirits.

Five out of the five outstanding intermediate spirits and I intervened, so the Magic Circle was ready to operate.

With countless elves watching, Uria lightly lowered the guard equipped with the spirit stone and slowly entered the center of the magic.

Then he began to dance slowly and gracefully, spreading the gentle rising spirit mana.

"Natural Spirits..."

"I'm blessed."

The powder of light gathered around her as if impressed by her will.

It may look like a powder of light to others' eyes, but it certainly did to me.

The spirits of nature, each of which has its own forms, roam the magic camp and constantly bless everyone in the magic camp.

"In accordance with the initial pledge."

Soon after, a clear window began to flow out of the mouth of Yuri, who was dancing quietly.

"You have always been a part of nature."

Everyone swallowed their saliva and faced her in the ritual of calling a spirit of courteous language.

The highest spirits are the highest spirits, which are called master spirits.

For the elves who consider the spirits as a partner of the species, the scene of the higher-level spirits being presented was a mysterious and phenomenal scene that was enough to be seen in awe.

If the spirits contracted by calling in the lower spirits were to become intermediate spirits, they had to fully communicate and assimilate with the lower spirits.

In order to call the higher spirits, they had to fully communicate with the intermediate spirits and assimilate them.

It's unstable.

'I'm immature. I'm not completely in communication with the spirits. And...'

In the first place, the ability to deal with Spirit Manna was immature.

It was an obvious ending in the first place, but most of all, the biggest problem is her summoning of spirits.

It was none other than the pollution that was slowly encroaching on this forest.

Considering that it is possible to call out the upper spirits only when it is a place rich in energy of clean spirits, the result was obvious in this situation surrounded by pollution that widens from time to time.

While thinking about it, her spear did not stop.

"Under the Pledge of the Firstborn! He who was ordered to coordinate the sea in the name of a noble nature! Show your majesty before the eyes of those who long for you!!"

She lifted the wand high.

"Erestra!!!"

the highest spirits of water

Water Dragon Elasta.

At the same time as her cry, the energy of the spirits roamed wildly and began to create a huge swirl of water.

Undain, a senior spirit of water, who had been summoned as if to protect the glass, began to protect her, completely changing from the form of an adult woman to water.

"I'm... I'm coming!"

"Oh, my God! I never thought I'd see such a top-notch spirit!"

Since the existence of a top-class spirit, which is the highest level of master or higher, it was clear that even an elf who lived longer than a human being would not see it once in his life.

As the droplets of water that had been gathering one or two drops slowly merged and took the form of a giant water dragon, the elves fell down and tightened their heads as if they were worshiping.

[Depending on the... of the... of the...

When the voice of Water Dragon Elestra, who seemed to be noisy, came out, Yuri's face became brighter.

Although not fully summoned, it was significant that the highest spirits responded to her.

However, all accidents happen unexpectedly.