162 # 162

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 11 of the Seven Books

"......."

"He said he was in a state of instability, but I didn't expect the scaffolding to break... ...was it you?"

"I'm the one who broke it."

"What?"

"What are you doing, not taking him. You can arrest me if you're nervous."

His face was young as I held out my hands together and nodded.

"You're not allowed into town. There is only one choice for you."

"Dying?"

In my words, he sent a note of affirmation in silence.

"There's only one choice you give me, but I'll give you two."

The elf's eyes slightly frown at my words.

"Do you want to live hand in hand, or do you want to rot and collapse."

He was about to snort at my suggestion as if it were ridiculous.

"Isn't more than half of the forest polluted? And that's getting worse, and the forest chief seems desperate enough to sneak into the Hines estate to try to solve it."

"Your son..."

"Go tell him, his employer is here."

This great party is the radius of the territory of Hines.

Did you pay the rent and settle down?

* * *

"You, Yuri!"

"Did you check the situation?"

Yuria, who was patrolling the trembling and frightened young elves, looked at the guard with a calm look.

Fortunately, it did not seem to be coming in immediately being dismissed as a danger.

"The enemy! Is he a human? No way!

"Yes... it was a human being. There's also something unusual that's not human. It was like a dead being that I could not feel the energy of the spirit at all."

There are only two beings who do not feel the energy of spirits at all.

Either it's an undead that goes against the law of life, or it's created at random.

The important thing was that outsiders had invaded this forest, which has long been hidden.

It's a deliberate approach, not an accident.

Furthermore, the solidarity spread by the spirit magic has been smashed beyond repair.

"Look at that!! Yuria!"

Of course, he was not the elder of the congee to let go of the situation.

He's been bracingly protesting as if he was right.

"We've been caught! What are you going to do? Humans are greedy creatures! How can you be responsible for this?"

"The Con-dae Elder."

"What are you doing? Get the guards together right now and get rid of the intruders! You mustn't leave a trail!"

After saying that, Elder Condae looked at Yuri.

"This is what happened by Yuri's foolish self-righteousness. I have to leave here before it's too late."

"The Con-dae Elder."

For the first time, a low voice, Yuri called him, but he kept talking as if he had not noticed the atmosphere.

"Are you worried about pollution?" Go right now and ask for your forgiveness to the World's Hand!!"

Due to the situation, other elves are not able to refute the elder Con-dae.

Then, one of the following elf guards raised his hand carefully.

"I... I'm sorry, but the human side has surrendered."

"What?"

"And he asked me to deliver the message to Yuri."

Yuri, who had gradually changed the mood at the guard's words, regained her usual expression.

"What do you mean?"

"Well... ...my employer is here. You'll know if you say..."

Yuri opened her eyes wide at the words of the guard.

* * *

a quiet forest

In a breathtaking atmosphere that seemed to explode at any moment, Lünne blocked me without letting go of the weapon she embodied in her hand.

"Lunne, a high-performance golem. Lünne protects Davey."

"Will there ever be a situation where you have to protect me?"

"......Lünne understands David's personality..."

"Instead, you can step out where I can't touch, that's enough. It's my job to keep it, and you're helping me."

"Division... convincing."

I looked interestingly at the wooden shackles that seemed to be alive in my hands.

Spiritual magic.

Basically, spirits can be used by many different races, but certain forms of spirits magic are a privilege that can only be used by themselves.

Then you can't use it?

'Well.'

I can't get beyond the limit of the species.

But it would be possible if we took advantage of the configuration method.

Did you say that the teacher who taught you the arts of spirits was a woman named Yuri?

"Yes, the first monster spirits contracted with all 13 spirits kings as human beings.'

What else?

"Um... the only couple in the corridor who's ever been a hero? The demon king of the same continent, Urg, is her husband.'

Inspired by Stickman, the king who created the bizarre martial arts was the husband of Euryana, the Spirit Queen who taught me the spirit art.

Of course, it's not as bad as the women in their 4th generation, but as the Spirit Queen Yuriana was far from normal, her husband, King Yurg, cried as if appealing to me every time she drank.

Marriage is the grave of life! Davy! Don't get ripped off when you get married later! All women are foxes with monsters inside!]

Basically, there are four known attributes of spirits.

Fire, earth, water, wind.

However, it is possible to sign additional spirits if you have ethnic power.

The Spirit of Light contracted by the High Elves.

Dark Elf's contract for the Spirit of darkness.

These two are good examples.

"Fan ID" said, "Human. Come along."

Then an elf guard came to me with a wary look and covered my eyes with a cloth.

If you do anything stupid, you will get an arrow between your eyes right away."

"If you don't believe me, you can tie it more."

"Be quiet!"

They are not enemies.

I will be a valuable worker who will work for the land from now on.

I just grinned and accepted their suggestion because there was no good in provoking those who were wary.

In fact, Persec is not feeling any tension in this situation, and Persec is busy solving my curiosity.

And what about the other spirits? Didn't you say 13 spirits.

"Well, it's the annular system, the chaos system, the time, the space. Ice. There are many kinds."

"What are you talking about, man?"

"Oh, it's nothing. Let's go."

I took a step forward with a smile.

It was a light step that could not be thought of as a blinding situation.

* * *

A completely different atmosphere from visiting the Yellow Rock Tribe, the town of Dwarf.

At that time, he was wary of humans but had no animosity.

It was all about expressing the feeling of novelty, but the elves were different.

a stern hostility

They succeeded in completely concealing their existence from the world for more than 300 years.

Even an outstanding source of information would not have been able to access more than that due to the widespread integrity of the spirit magic.

I covered my eyes with old cloth, but I could clearly see their eyes coming toward me from all over the village.

I can see...

"You're not... ...ready."

What do you mean?

"I'm not ready to be Young-min."

How dare you, the owner of the building, the owner of the land, to be angry and wary?

Have a deeper sense of awe, you stupid cuties.

"Put a bung in it and moves quickly, but human."

Lünne looks up at the elf, gnawing her teeth because of the elf pushing my back from behind.

"Lunne, warn me, if you push Davey one more time, he'll give you a very high level of violence."

"Funny..."

"Do it if you do. Do it for sure. Lünne's ability to practice is highly appreciated."

Like me, Lünne, who is being arrested for both hands, but doesn't know when he took them out, flashes out of his hands and disappears.

"Ugh... ..."

"Lunne is a man who does what he really does. Don't provoke me. I'm not here to fight. I'm not here to hurt you."

When I said so while I was walking slowly, the faces of the elves were even scarier.

the method of discrimination by means of distinction

Their expressions are clearly visible, even though they are not viewed from the perspective.

Why don't you call it a "siman"?

Sensibility is a new state of mind, not a sense that exists.

In a sense, it is not until the upper reaches of the Igiar Prosecutors' Office, which can be realized.

[Remember, kkkk!] Oh, I'm getting drunk. That's what the heart is like. Seeing what's invisible. Smells what you can't smell. When spirits have a strong affinity, they can smell and feel something invisible. That's the heart.]

This is what Cheonma Dokgojun said to me, who was blocked by the wall and was struggling to learn the psychological examination.

He who has mastered the mind sees the world and has the ability to act differently. Others may think they're completely hiding themselves, but as a result, they're clearly visible to you. The same goes for the assassins.

Sword god Hares said the same thing.

"I brought you. Yuria, human! Get on your knees!"

"That's enough."

The elf, who was coming to push me from behind again, stopped at the girl's restraint.

Later, as soon as the blindfold, which was covering my eyes, was released, I began to see the inside of the village.

The number is not very large.

On the surface, there are a little more than 100 people.

However, the fact that they are all elves who would only appear in fairy tales or fantasy romance novels cried out that they were never just ordinary sights.

Elves often have plants that are different from ordinary forests.

There were plants that glow on their own, and unlike ordinary plants that had little movement, there were plants that bloomed even with a little stimulation.

'They're all money if you use them well.'

Knowing is power, and if you grow these plants well, you can make highly efficient medicines, but I stopped paying attention.

The important thing is not the plants, but the meticulous geeks in front of them.

I laughed when I found a girl with sky-blue hair standing in the center of the elves while looking at the elves.

"How's your vacation?"

"I thought you might know who I am."

"Why?"

"You already know the existence of the Elves, don' Besides."

You've said that before.

With a light smile, she returned what I had said to her, disguised as a maid in the past.

I ask for your kind cooperation.

"Afterwards, the fallen aristocrat hid in the territory, and when the Spirit of Light drove him away... I knew it then. You already know."

My words made the surrounding atmosphere even scarier.