165 # 165

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 14 of the Seven Books

Many eyes flew uncomfortably, but very few people approached me and expressed their hostility.

Forests and residential areas where pollution had not yet spread were still beautiful.

This narrow area is the only place where we can summon the higher spirits.

The Elves' forest was full of spirit energy.

The Spirit's companion is the Elf.

The elf's companion was a spirit, and there were elves in places with many spirits, and spirits gathered in places with many elves.

The pre-work is important, apart from the elves, I walked around this forest like this and checked the situation myself.

Whether it was medicine or anything wrong or distorted, it had to be resolved after careful checking.

"You know, spirits. The more energy the spirits are in nature, the higher the probability of summoning them."

It doesn't really mean anything to you, does it?

"Why not, apart from a successful summons, what spirits are called out of the way."

There were spirits with high purity and spirits with a lot of impurities in the same lower class.

Simply put, just as there was a difference between the first and fifth water, the spirits definitely existed.

"There is no such thing as a king of spirits, but there is a difference even if it is weak to the highest spirits."

a very small difference

If you are going to be the governor, shouldn't you do it right?

[Sick......]

After putting his hand on the bark of the tree where the contaminated spirits stayed, he raised his sacred power weakly.

It's not for you to experiment with a patient in front of you.

"Would you put up with it a little bit?"

[Human...... I believe you.]

[Grade 5]

[Cleaning.]

[Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!]

Whoo!

The brilliant light of white light penetrated the tree on my fingertips.

However, there was no change at all.

One thing, only the screams of the Spirits were heard.

If the proposition is based on pollution, at least a reaction should have been made when this amount of purification magic was put on.

Not at all... no response.

"I heard that the pollution of the early spirits cannot be solved by divine power. It was real."

The line was different.

I must have used Command Manna to solve the Dark Knightization of Illinois.

As such, each force had its own code.

Isn't the Spirit Manna a force created by the change of Manna or Holy Mana or Command Manna in the first place?

That was why I didn't attract the Spirit Manna separately.

"It's a little different from "The Spirit Manna.""

After putting his hand on a skin that was distorted like a flesh point, he raised the spirit mana this time.

" Pollution is a matter of spirits. The problem of spirits should be solved by the power of spirits."

You think I'm all-around?

There's something you couldn't do. You're such an impostor who wears this invincible cheat.

Perserk retorted with a nice glance.

"Technically, Spirit Manna is the fuel of Spirits. Let me give you a good example."

Spirit-friendly power is driving ability, and spirit-like words.

And the spirit is a carriage.

If you use the Spirit Manna to draw the power of the Spirit, the Spirit moves.

"The purification of this pollution can only be done when the carriage moves. It's a similar principle to not being able to pull a heavy wagon if the horsepower is low. What I can do by applying simple spirit magic to the Spirit Manna is that it slightly slows down the process of pollution?"

There are so many mana as I am that it will be effective if you push it in an ignorant manner.

It's uselessly detailed.

"There is no power in the world that isn't detailed."

If you can explain everything with just a few words.

If such a thing exists, it is really a miracle of God.

For example, the enchantment engraved on my body, grading other people's subspaces freely and hanging rock.

Things like this.

a phenomenon beyond my grasp

All diseases must be checked step by step.

If you are unsure, summon the spirits and purify them.

What if it becomes a trap?

A dog will not have a dog like that.

"Hey."

It was not long before I called a young elf who was following me to watch me.

"What, man."

Though quite hostile, he did not commit any more than a certain amount of rudeness.

It was because of what Uriah had said after gathering everyone.

[I hope that the people of the Moon Forest here are not indifferent beings who cannot distinguish between grace and revenge.]

Of course, there was quite a backlash because I smashed the settlement, but thanks to my subsequent words, I was able to end the situation for now.

I'll make you a new one.'

Usually, he snorted, "Don't talk nonsense," but Yuria seemed to believe it because he had heard rumors about what I had done and felt the incomprehensible spirit affinity in his body.

"Am I amazed by the divine magic? Why are you staring at me like that?"

Oh, you're a hillbilly who just came uptown.

"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! You... you must be curious about the magic of man!"

"Pretending not to."

At my question he opened his eyes wide and turned his head away.

When the boy was so shy, he felt repulsed.

Yurya Helishana, the head of the forest, must be close enough to say she's my friend Verdiss.

Then it will be a little reliable.

"If you have something to say, say it quickly."

"Are there any spirits that are under contract?"

Well, this scent is the scent of the water spirit.

If you get caught rolling, your wrist will fly away.

To my question, Verdis sighed briefly at me as if he had been agonizing for a long time.

"Intermediate Spirit... ...under contract with Undine."

"Intermediate, perfect. I'm sorry, but I need to check, so can you call me for a second?"

At my request, he sighed silently and reached up quietly, soon after, drops of water gathered at his fingertips and began to form a very small girl.

However, the difference between humans was that their ears were like fins of a fish and their foreheads were horned.

"Now purify this tree with the power of the spirit. I'll do my best."

"Why the hell did I...?

"You don't want to save the forest?"

He flinched at my question.

"It's a verification procedure, so try it."

"Oh, my God.

With a frown, he quietly conveyed his will, and Nyas began to reach out with a look of a dragon.

At the same time, my red eyes turned black.

Whisper! Whoo!

Then, as soon as the water droplets from the fingertips of the Undine had penetrated the tree, changes began to occur.

The pollution seemed to falter for a moment, but it came back to its original form.

It was a pollution that I couldn't feel any problems on the surface, but I caught one thing in my eyes while watching with the headquarters open.

"The pollution is vital. And in large quantities."

What do you mean?"

"Is there any missing or dead elves in town?"

"Well... why not?"

He flinched in embarrassment.

"It's important. Do you have it? No? If you lie, I'm not responsible for the consequences."

His face turned pale, perhaps because he spoke so seriously.

"Choi... .. there have been a lot of accidents lately. There was an accident while processing because there was a group of monsters trying to invade the area."

"What about the body?"

"Everything was cremated and sent back to the arms of nature..."

"Is that what the conservative elf said?"

He frowned at my words.

"What, man, what the hell do you want to say?"

At this point, he asked me bluntly whether I was annoyed.

I turned around with a cold smile.

"You better hope it's not what I think it is."

Contamination accelerated by eating vitality.

Where that life force came from... ...is an obvious answer.

* * *

It was rewarding to go around the forest and run around Nogada.

I've earned enough time.

The stream was briefly blocked by breaking the scaffolding and twisting the spirit mana into the source of the forest pollution.m.

There are a total of seven sources of pollution, and I traveled around them and inspired a spirit mana to stop unnecessary variables from occurring.

The contaminated water had been placed on a leaky wall with layers of highly adhesive tape.

Two months at the original speed. I'll increase the time a little bit and add about 15 more days.

No matter what you say, it is not long before this forest turns into a forest of death.

"By the way, I'd like you to slowly take the bait. You're too picky."

It was also a choice whether to break down the forest immediately and summon the spirits, or find a good place to summon the spirits first and clean up the forest comfortably.

Other than that, the fact that using the electronic method would make me a little, or a lot, bother me.

As I am also a person who feels joy and anger, it would be better to wait a few days and feel more comfortable.

About two days after I came to the forest, the elves were left unattended, thinking that they would now.

Although it would not be strange to buy boundaries and hostility, he/she seemed to think that it was a headache to come in and do it because he/she looked around the source of pollution, installed a decent hammock in the scenery outside the village, and enjoyed it leisurely.

Davey, it's the kids.

Candy, a favorite food prepared by the Pension Society and sold here and there through the company.

It was a little different from the candy I knew, but it was quite sweet, so it was a popular snack for children.

Of course, it was also a perfect snack for Hongdan and Chengdan, who were not a regular eater.

Of course, it was practically common by human standards, but not by the elves.

Is it because Cheng Dan and Hong Dan are eating candy deliciously in my arms?

I could see the elf children in the village looking at me with their heads sticking out, hiding far away.

The children's eyes were more curious than vigilance or fear.

Since these children were still too young to receive brainwashing education by Elfman, their reactions seemed natural.

To be exact, I'm concerned about the candy you gave me.

Nodding at Persek's words, I soon took some more lollipops out of the subspace and grinned.

Work is work, and there is nothing better than using children in public opinion manipulation.

"Hongdan, Cheongdan. Is it good?"

"Yes! Yes! I drink a lot!"

"Sweet!"

I could see some elf boys' faces turning red with the smiles of those who answered excitedly as if they didn't care about the eyes of the children around them.

Smiles of all races are so cute. Sigh...

He sat on Hongdan's head and stroked his head with a bright face.

I think he's smaller than Hongdan, so he knows if he looks cute or not.

I asked her, holding a candy in one hand, ignoring her.

"Would you like some more?"

"More! More! Muggle!"

Of course, new and delicious things were children who ate whatever they were given.

Can I say no?

However, it was not a candy that was taken out just to give to the two.

"But if I eat again, my teeth will get damaged."

"Wow..."

My words almost destroyed my patience, but I soon put up with them.

"Ho... ...I'm not going to eat Hong-dani..."

"Cheong-dani-do..."

"Really? Too bad, then who should I give this to?"

As they took a look at the situation as if they were agonizing over it, the elf children were already slowly approaching, forgetting that they were hiding and watching from far away.

"You guys want to eat?"

The children's appearance as if they were nodding their heads at any moment showed that they were almost there.

But soon the children opened their eyes wide, as if they remembered the story of my existence, and soon they screamed and scattered everywhere.

"Well-educated."

You shouldn't follow someone you don't know just because they give you snacks.

"Hongdan, what if someone who doesn't know Chengdan gives you snacks?""

"Wow?"

When Hong Dan, who was hugging me and sipping candy, tilted his head, Cheng Dan opened his eyes wide and shouted urgently.

The child's feeling that he could not lose to Hongdan was revealed.

"Go... ...thank you!"

"Eh...I'll have a drink!"

"......."

Afterward, Jill Sarah Hongdan answered, but the answer was wrong in the first place.

"That's when you say it."

Two guys twinkled their eyes at my words.

"No, I don't want to. Don't do that."

"Answer. Po...o...o...o...o...ooh! Don't do it!"

When Hong Dan-yi replied with a dinghy pronunciation, I laughed and patted his head.

I tried to do so because I was a child who was only a few days old, but still, the speed of accepting it as a bright self was fast.

"You know Cheng Dan, right?"

"I won't rent it! Don't do it!"

Cheung Dan smiled brightly and nodded his head to me.

It was a scene of a smile on its own.

Is this how the father feels about raising a cute daughter?

Suddenly, the idea of two foolish emperors of the polar daughter came to my mind and laughed.

Tap...

It was then.

Someone tapped me on the arm as soon as I was about to pass on one more candy as a prize for good work.