160 # 160

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 9 of the Seven Books

61. The Falling Elves Forest.

The power of information checking to indicate my condition, the only means of communication with God.

The Lord Priya, who exists but does not exist, has asked me for a deal while fulfilling my pledges.

One of the requests was part of what I already knew.

the purification of the polluted spirits of the bamboo forest

If you fail, there will be no penalty, but if you succeed, there will be rewards.

There is no direct one, but if you read it with Daphne's method of timing, this is what it means.

I am a little bit more clear about the goal, unlike the vague revelations made through the usual faithful.

If it's a big forest...

"E.L.F.'s forest where I went to get the moon's flower seedlings."

As the energy of nature is so deep to summon the spirits, it was also a place that was noted for later summoning the spirits.

However, it was also true that they had put it on hold for now, as cleaning up the contaminated forest as soon as it was contaminated.

Why else?

"Cleaning up is good for each other, but the process is a bit radical."

Persek's head echoed at my words.

You'll make a fuss when the cuties see you.

The words were also true.

There's one thing I can take out now.

Basically, you can take out as many items as you want that can be made fairly lightly.

The self-restored clothes I first brought out, such as the elite, or the Shinchang Longinus, can't be taken out additionally except for the ones I've already taken out.

It definitely exists inside the subspace, but it feels like an illusion.

It's a little questionable that the subspace we made in the corridor can be connected here.

"I only expected that most of the forces in my body were connected to my soul, not to my body."

I thought that was the reason why a large amount of Manna, Sinseong-power, and the commander Manna followed me from the corridor.

As a result, the hypothesis is true.

However, I didn't think I'd be forced to get a balance patch this way.

"I can take it all out right now, but I can try many things."

It could secure a large number of labor that moves day and night, or it could put a huge shield on the whole land.

It was clear that the goods were good enough to assist me with the inconvenience of using them in the corridor.

"Let's think well, let's think well."

You are not me right now, but God's will.

All of a sudden, you're breaking your balance! Even if I destroy the subspace by saying out!, I have no place to argue.

You told me to give you a damn sculpture around the building.

Even if the owner of the building becomes a landowner, he cannot beat the owner of the building.

There's no end to overusing power.

"I'm trying to neutralize it as an elevator right now, but I can't dream of any more recovery than this."

Is there anyone who would hurt you right now?

"I don't know, if Shandra jumps out of the body, it'll kill everyone."

There is no result without cause in this world."

The fact that I was able to return from the Corridor means that I have something to do here, the subject of the deal with God.

As a good example, the body of Shandra Minnea, who was the return of another world, was not in Pandora's territory.

"Cleaning work..."

I soon made up my mind and opened the subspace and took out what I had thought.

With subtle vibrations and clear energy, a smile naturally formed.

It's this helpful to make a request just in case.

Staff... I missed you...

She is very curious about the staff who put in the dragon heart.

"I'll show you later, hang in there."

Her mouth pouted as she soothed her subtly regretting.

a light-green bead

It is an object called the bead of King Spirit, which combines the essence of King Spirit.

Anything is good, so it's better to take it out according to the situation than to take it out as you want.

* * *

The quiet office is, in a sense, the playground of Lünne, Hongdan, and Chengdan.

If you wander around outside for no reason, it is safe for me to at least put them in a visible place, as they are accident-prone troublemakers.

"Lunne, analysis shows that your biological gloves are stretched. I advise you to stop."

Lune complained with a blank face, but Cheng Dan smiled and laughed as if he didn't care.

"hehehe! Lingne! Soft~Soft~!

"Joe... ..that I could touch a little more."

The problem is that even a person with a biological golem can't stand the ripple effect of two children's smiles.

"I think you like it more because you're sitting still."

"Lunne, considerable bioenergy is consumed in the maneuver. Additional dissemination is required. We should avoid unnecessary movements."

"What are those cookies you're putting in your mouth?"

"Lunne has a very high and efficient energy reserve. So ask for additional supplies."

He had the nerve to ask for more cookies.

Nevertheless, the hand that picks up the cookie does not stop.

Where are all those small things going in that small body?

Looking at cookies revealing more food than the two ill-natured twin swords, it seemed necessary to seriously consider whether it was a golem characteristic or a problem with his personality.

"Huhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...

"Suitable sleep very good effect."

Lünne used to play well with the two twins if left alone, so he took the children's attention by playing back in moderation.

After a while, did he get tired of playing?

Eventually, when Hong Dan fell asleep while hugging Lünne, Cheng Dan fell asleep as if he had been infected with Summa.

When I hug him and pat him on the back, he makes a pleasant laugh and digs into it even more.

"Low-Ha, Chief Bernil."

At that time, a knock was heard inside the quiet office, and the chief of staff Bernil pretended to be popular.

"Captain Vernil? What brings you here at this hour?

"I beg your pardon, sir, but may I offer you a word."

"Well, tell me."

At what I said, he looked down quietly and stuck out a small sheet of paper to me.

"This is a list of people who are currently working on land."

"Hmm..."

"They've all been working hard without a break. Why don't you send me a vacation at this time?"

I opened my eyes as I nodded dryly at his suggestion.

"Yes, you must have been busy all these years."

Swoosh... Swoosh!

If you can think, act immediately.

I said, checking the list of people working on the land in an instant.

"All right, all of these guys go on vacation. And the rest will be sent sequentially when those who went on vacation first come back, so that they can all go on vacation as a result."

"I'll take it."

"I gave him a lot of money on the way."

I didn't take care of the vacation of those who work for a clean business.

It is quite a mistake in its own way.

Just get caught.

I'll send everyone on vacation.

That's what Incredibles think!

"Hmm? Degradation. These kids..."

At that time, Colonel Vernil, who was checking the list, looked suspicious.

"Some maids, including Yuri, have just been adopted as land users, but why are you sending them on vacation first?"

As he said, one-third of the people I checked were new users.

"They're all from abroad. At least you have to tell me that you're adjusting well. I'm sorry for the rest of the staff, but tell them that they still need some consideration."

It's a lie.

"He, I see! I didn't think much."

I felt guilty about the sight of the deacon Roh, who looked touched.

Actually, that's not why I sent new employees on vacation first.

Didn't you say good is good?

There was nothing wrong with the good results of my sister-in-law and my husband.

Did you send that elf back?

'Yeah, you shouldn't have a homeowner when a customer visits you.'

Even if you have to do it, it's different, and it's different.

We need a decision maker to shake it off.

General Bernil, who couldn't understand me, just smiled satisfactorily with a face that said, "It's because I'm so considerate."

* * *

About two days after sending new users back first.

I went out of the castle with Lünne and Megatron as if I had been waiting.

The destination was fixed from the beginning.

no other than the great forest located not far from the Hines estate

Usually called the birthplace of monsters, and the terrain of the forest entering is rough, so there is no one to walk.It was also one of the cities.

Just for a picnic?

No way.

All I wanted was to come here because I was in this forest.

The fact that the new maidens were sent back with care of glass was also a reason.

Yuri, a new maid who is only 16 years old.

If you look here, she's just a new maid who doesn't have anything special. The power of information checking quickly showed that she was not a normal maid.

Her real name in the power of information verification is Yuri Helishana.

It was the last line of defense against vampires that I trusted and hid in the territory.

"Oh, my hair."

There is no change in appearance, but is it due to the sensitivity of the spirit?

With a big face, I looked around and saw a subtle change.

"It's worse than before."

a familiar but subtly different landscape

The terrible smell of something rotten came up and was hard to bear.

"Question, Lünne, judging that there is no olfactory stimulus. "David's sense of smell is abnormal."

"No wonder you don't know because you don't have a spirit affinity."

In the first place, it's not just a smell, it's a bad smell that only those who reach the point where they can touch the spirits can feel it.

Lünne nodded knowingly at my explanation.

"The Elves, the Gwiks, the picky. That's how I'm analyzing it."

"That's right. You know it well."

"Lune, I'm sure you have a very good memory for math, and you're better than Davey."

"It's funny."

"Davie, you have a record of 32 wins and 43 losses in 75 matches against Lünne."

"..."

"Poo Hoop, Davy, 43 losses, which Lünne undervalues."

How can you beat a computer-like fellow who doesn't care about the computation of hundreds and thousands of times the average human being?

Even the 32 wins were a record of deceiving and deceiving him.

"......."

"Lunne, very good. We appreciate this."

Maybe it's because he accepted some information through me.

Lünne's image of the Elves was heavily influenced by their subjective image.

In the end, the elves have been branded as a fastidious and inflexible species by this great invention, the Bionic Golem, which they have never seen before.

"Here you are."

After looking around for a long time, I managed to rediscover the scaffolding leading to the Elf's forest.

The village is protected by changing the shape and location of the crystal every time, which is the exclusive property of the elves.

Tung... Tung...

I quietly rolled my fist and clenched my fist as if the ripple was spreading on the surface of the water, watching the fissure of the elf that reached my back.