169 # 169

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 18 of the Seven Books

Whispering!!!!!

In an instant, huge chunks of energy that had lost its place of origin gathered, devoured the Spirit Magic Circle, which lost its light and scattered, and began to paint its own new Magic Circle.

Everyone's eyes were wide open to the existence of a huge magic earthquake that was more than 50 meters in radius.

The language of the Spirit, which is the top-level language, not the Lun or the Elf's Gore.

The reason why humans cannot deal with the elf's spirit magic was because they could not understand and use the old words of the elf.

Likewise, elves could not use the language of spirits.

It's common sense that it's known.

Whether it's a spirit or an elf, I was not the one who couldn't be bothered to twist the words I had made for use.

Coooooooong!

The ground rang loudly.

My will is your will, your will is mine.]

Coooooooong!

I will seek your strength, and you will long for my presence.

Coo-oong!

I slowly woke up at the end of the following funeral window and opened my eyes as I raised my arms.

That's the play!!!

Then, as if to step into my action, a huge Spirit Manna began to reinvigorate the area and create a giant of earth.

tens of meters in height The giant of the earth, whose skin becomes numb just by being still, sprayed its own presence.

* * *

"What is this?!"

Elder Kondae opened his eyes and opened his mouth as if he could not believe it.

What kind of situation is this?

He couldn't understand the current situation.

Apparently, Uria Helishana was trying to summon the highest spirits.

Other conservative elders did, but it was clear that Uriah Helicana had an overwhelmingly high talent for affinity with the water spirit among the high elves.

The saint of his godliness said that if Uri's talent had the support of affinity, it would surely be successful in summoning the highest spirits.

But she will eventually fail.

There were many things prepared and implemented to do so.

To prevent her from communicating and assimilating with Undain, the spirit of higher water.

In an unprepared state, he made every effort to summon Elestra, the spirit of the highest water.

Then, when she really showed signs of success in summoning top spirits, he even made an irreversible choice.

As a result, the forest was quickly polluted, and in fact, Uria Helicana seemed to fail to summon Eelstra, who was walking on a tightrope.

That was his plan up to there.

by the way

As if he had been waiting for this situation, the ugly race in front of the Uryu, a human, came forward.

He swallowed the power of the great ancient spirit he created by waking up the power of the mysterious bead, and then devouring all the power of the glass.

And

He had to summon the giant of the earth as if it were not his business to cover the forest.

An absolute being that has never appeared in ancient books.

"Sue... ..the pollution of the forest..."

"It's disappearing."

The eyes of the congee did not fall from the giant of the earth as the plants in the area, which had been losing their vitality and slowly drying up, began to regain their original appearance.

And

The man, who had been so absent-mindedly, slowly opened his mouth on the subject of summoning the King of spirits to his ears slowly opened.

"Lune."

"Waiting for orders."

"Get over it."

"Roger."

Whoo!

a meaningless conversation

The Elder Kondae was then thrown into the floor in a sudden fit of rage and not even screaming.

"Lunne, the emotional circuit heats up very quickly. Ask for a very good beating. I recommend you beat him yourself!"

"Wait a minute."

The boy's eyes, which turned slowly, were brown with a mysterious atmosphere, not the usual.

* * *

A huge amount of Spirit Manna quickly evaporated.

My mana, my divine power, and my commanding mana quickly turned into a spirit mana and filled it, but it was not as good as it was.

It was natural that my impression of watching the giant of the earth was frowned upon.

"What a bad fuel economy."

And yet I moved faithfully to my original purpose.

To sign the spirit contract in the first place.

Also, you didn't come to this forest to complete the transaction given to you.

"We demand a contract."

the aroma of pure elves However, you have not achieved a complete assimilation with different, pure aspirations or top spirits. You lied to me.]

Summoning more spirits when they are completely assimilated with lower-level spirits.

It was like a test to see if the top spirits were qualified to sign with them.

There are three things you need to summon the King of Spirits.

Pure will borrowed from Uriah, and what made the fairy tale with the spirits seem more stable was the language of the spirits I uttered and the spirit manna enriched here.

"It's his fault to be deceived, don't think about running away. Isn't it famous among magicians and spirits?"

The spirit world was not limited to Tionis.

I'm sure the Spirit Queen isn't in this world, but why do you know this terrible magic queen?]

"Do you know the Queen of Spirits?"

[How can I forget? The queen of her contract is herself.

"Oh, what a coincidence, good for you. I'm her disciple."

[The devil raised the devil!] Damn it!]

"Oh, I don't know! So I'm going to do it or not."

If you are a disciple of the Spirit Queen, do I have a choice if I refuse?]

"Of course..."

I smiled furtively at the end of my speech.

"No, you can never go back if you don't sign a contract."

.......

The expression of the earth's giant seemed strangely frown at the brazen request.

a bloody swindler I accept the contract... How dare you deceive my eyes and summon me, but you are the one who fell for it foolishly.]

The demands of each Spirit King were usually similar, but slightly different.

Then, in the case of the Spirit Queen Yuriana, how did she summon as many as 13 Spirits?

It was a kind of fraud.

In a way, it was also a dangerous act that blew up the liver.

Tell me, contractor. I will listen to your wishes.

"I accept the first request."

[Yes.]

"The Elimination of Enemy."

As soon as I finished my words, the eyes of the agent guard who tried to attack me opened.

There was only one enemy here, except for the suppressed congee.

"Huh?"

Reflexively, she was quick in her attempt to free herself from me.

Reflectively, she tried to strike back by creating a spirit arrow, but the spirit she signed was a higher spirit.

The attack on the spirit was meaningless to the King of Spirits, who was two steps above the level and the source of the spirit attack was meaningless.

So

The space I had made to dry me to death was strangling them.

As if the earth were alive, a woman who ran away was snatched up and tied herself to the ground, and the anger of the huge Spirit King, which was tens of meters above it, was pinned down.

The power was far beyond my expectations, perhaps with anger for being deceived by me.

Whoo! Whoo!

As the earth began to glide, a huge explosion rang out, and the woman hit by Noah, the Spirit of the Earth, fell to the ground without a counterattack.

It was in no time for an elf to become a mess just like a huge press.

It was a pretty grotesque scene.

Noah did not stop there, but moved the ground and devoured the Elf woman.

Unless you've prepared anything special.

No matter how senior spirits are, they will not be able to withstand the attack of the Spirit King.

Then I stopped paying attention to the existence of the agency guard, which quickly appeared and disappeared.

It's true that it's strong, but the fuel efficiency was really bad.

"I am going to pay the second request. The purification of all the pollution in this forest."

[Scent of pollution...] That's disgusting, that's good. I accept.]

"And, when you were summoned, an elf's will would have been in it. Solve the curse and the rebound on her, okay?"

Curse of spirits different from the curse of divinity or black magic.

It could only be solved by a spirit.

[The Curse of the World...]

There was Noah's subsonic voice, a giant of earth that was not heard by others.

Are you crazy?

"I'm pretty sure he's crazy, too."

After a short murmur, a huge pile of dirt began to cover the body of the fallen Yuri.

It looked as if he was burying a healthy elf alive, but no one here could open his mouth.

He did so because of the presence of being summoned before their eyes.

Noah the Spirit King, who is neither a superior nor a top-class spirit.

The aftermath of its existence was enough to distract the elves.

That's the play!

Maybe it's been a while.

The glass, which had been completely covered in earth, began to appear again.

Her unconscious condition was clearly better than before.

The unique power of the Spirit King uncovers the power of the Spirit in her body at once.

Soon, as I would, Noah crouched down and slowly rammed one hand into the ground.

At the same time, a large number of spirit manas were sucked out of my body and began to seep into Noah's. It was not the cleanup of the area, but the entire forest began to be cleaned up.

I can handle a single king of spirits.However, even with the small movement, a huge mana escaped.

I couldn't not know that Noah, who was upset with me, was using my power excessively.

To get over the grudges of the Spirit King...

"I have to pull her up to the 9th-circle level."

Originally, the spirit eats so much manna that it is unusual for the first summons, but in the case of King Jeongnyeong, who is determined and uses force, it was suffocating.

She slowly opened her eyes and looked at me as she hugged the fallen Yuri on the floor, complaining that she didn't know who she was doing.

She soon stood behind me and smiled faintly at the giant of the earth, boasting a great grandeur.

"King of the Spirits of the Earth..."... Noah, are you sure... did you succeed?"

"What do you think, cool? You won't be able to see this anywhere else."

Don't you think it's easy to see the Spirit King for the rest of your life!

"Ha...... the employer is absolutely ridiculous."

"I told you. I'll summon him."

"No, honestly, more than half of what you've told me is ridiculous, so how can I believe it?"

Her faint smile coughed lightly.

Even if Noah neutralizes the rebound, you won`t be able to summon the spirits for a while."

"I was prepared. Forest pollution is..."

"Check it out for yourself."

As I nodded, she smiled lightly as the forest, which had been losing its vitality, was regaining its vitality.

"How can I repay you..."

"Don't lose your mind. It's important from now on."

I have accomplished all my objectives.

I succeeded in signing the contract of the Spirit and solved the purification of the Great Forest, the transaction given to me by the Lord Priya.

What's left is an additional source of income.

Nodding at my words, she slowly rose up.

"Are you sure about the evidence?"

"Lunne's functions vary."

Then I looked at Lünne standing silently with a little Half-Elf girl on her back, and Megatron, who was sitting on the floor, overpowered the Elder Condae.

Although it was a golem without self, the threatening appearance that would blow your neck with an electric saw even if you move a little bit is attributable to the fact that Lünne's displeasure was conveyed.

Conduit thought Mueu had drowned in the forest pollution.

My personality was not enough to let a girl die who called me a friend and showed me a bright smile.

"Ah... ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

"Please be quiet, Condae Elder."

"This is a lie!!! How come the middle of the day!"

Screaming furiously, he spat.

"Tell me! Why did man, not you, summon the spirits?! And the Spirit King! What a nonsense!"

"There's something more ridiculous."

The cold-spoken woman is in my arms. It fell slowly.

Then he approached him and opened his mouth to an elf who was blank.

"My best friend, Milia. Give me a bow."

"Oh...oh? Yuria?"

"Come on."

Elfguard Milia, who was blanking out because she didn't understand the situation in the calm and cold atmosphere, took out her bow in a cool manner.

After receiving the bow indifferently, Uria carried the arrow to the demonstration and pointed it at the congee.

"The Elder Condae, do you admit that you have accelerated the pollution of this forest in the name of fulfilling the orders given by the Holy Father, and thrown the child under protection into the source of pollution?"

Her words turned everyone's face blue.

"Uh......Yuria! What's that?!"

Ignoring the bewildered elves, Yuria faced the Elder Condae straight.

This time, it was not an idiom but a straw.

"Tell me! Elder congee."

"... that's ridiculous! Why would I do such a thing! This is a setup! This can't be happening! I couldn't imagine this happening at my time! ......khhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh?!

He screamed like a fit, but he screamed and fell down.

Lünne, who was still, kicked him in the head barefoot.

"Lunne, highly appreciate your video recording ability."

Speaking calmly, he shone blue eyes.

Whoo!

At the same time, the light from her eyes stretched forward and began to produce images like a video printer.