168 # 168

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 17 of the Seven Books

I'm in big trouble!"

A couple of Elf guards, who were watching the area, rushed into the ceremony with urgent expressions.

"Oh... ..the pollution is moving fast across the border! You have to run!"

At his cry, the elves, who were worshiping the highest spirits, jumped up and opened their eyes.

"The... the what?!"

"This is a place rich in clean spirit energy. How did you get here?!"

And, as if what the guards said was true, the beautiful forest, which was full of violet until a while ago, slowly dried up.

In an instant, the atmosphere became cold as if it were pouring cold water.

The word that this place is beginning to become polluted could be simply said.

The whole forest is completely polluted.

Knowing the fact best, Yuri's face was subtly grimaced.

Then, the summoning of Elestra, the highest spirits, began to twist, as if to link to the beginning of her will.

The form of a huge top-class spirit began to collapse again.

"A child who doesn't listen to his elders should be scolded. More than anything, a child who followed the blood of a dirty outside race lived in the village for too long."

Then, a man walked slowly in between the bewildered elves and smiled coldly.

Behind him were conservative elves who followed him.

They were not the only ones who were in trouble.

An elf wearing a mask that gives off a thrill all over the body appeared as if escorting them.

Overall, the blue uniformed female elves were different from the forest elves.

"Well... ..that costume is not."

"Agent Guard."

"How is the new Guardian here?!"

The rebound of the failed summoning of the highest spirits is enormous. The captain is in critical condition. Therefore, from this time on, all authority must be transferred to the highest senior citizen, Nakhon University."

"Nose... ...the Con-dae Elder. What the hell..."

The pale-faced Yuri struggled to open her mouth, but she was now holding onto the dying summoners of Elestra.

"The cursed child who inherited the ugly blood went to the source of pollution out of useless curiosity and fell into a swamp. That's why the pollution has accelerated rapidly. There's no turning back."

"Do you think that makes sense? That place is off limits! Mueu was a good and smart kid who listened to adults well!"

"So I'm lying right now? I can't believe the elder's words that we should respect each other. You couldn't have imagined it when you were young."

"It's not something that the elder has given up his respect from the start!"

He nodded with an air of importance.

There is nothing we can do now. This forest gives up and everyone goes back to the new tree."

"That... that can't happen!"

"I am the one who is in the moment! When you say you're going to disobey me, you mean you're going to die!"

When an elf refutes and flinches, the condae roared as if it had wings on it.

"Look! What happened to your words following the young chief, Yuri Helicana? The forest has fallen to an irretrievable extent! The chief, who confidently promised to summon the highest spirits, borrowed the power of an ugly human being but failed!"

Condae smiled furiously in the cold atmosphere.

"That's it. Half-Elf, who followed the ugly blood that the chief had been packing and circling, ended up finishing the whole thing. If you refuse, I'll go for it."

Condae's eyes now reached me as if it were a well-organized plate.

"Human, you die here. Yuria is going back to the New Year's Eve. The truth is clear."

"Can I say that?"

I grinned as I was slowly backing up on one side of the magicians at his sentence.

The damn fish bit the bait.

He was running excitedly because he was confident to cut the fishing line, but he didn't know that the fishing line was as tough as a string of duckharkon.

"I made it clear as I walked into the woods."

"What..."

"The choice is up to you, and the responsibility is up to you."

You know what?

"That spot, it's within my range of attack."

Hurry up!

After a very short noise, a red afterimage embroidered the air.

At the same time, some of the long congee's hair was cut off, and a red blood vessel was drawn on his white cheek.

"Oh, my hand slipped."

He opened his eyes when he was absent-minded by my relaxed words.

And then

She screamed at me with trembling eyes, took something out of her arms, and threw it into the air in a hurry.

"Lord... Kill him! Kill him!"

The marble that left his hand screaming and screaming shed black air in the air.

Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

At the same time, an unusual atmosphere began to take complete control of the area, and soon, the manna and the divine power that were striding inside my body began to be suppressed and turned into a spirit mana.

The Spirit Manaro could not strengthen the body.

He could not express or conjure.

"Bba... ...kill him quickly! Fines don't last long!"

At the same time as he shouted, a woman who was called an agent guard attacked me.

The reason why there is a strong master-level presence.

It was whether Manna was skilled or not.

Manana's divine power had many abilities, but the biggest factor for those dealing with martial arts was none other than the enhancement of physical ability that transcends human beings.

If he is overpowered by all of those parts, will he be able to distinguish himself from a master?

Conduit knew it so well that he took out his secret card to subdue me.

A sudden blue dagger penetrated my neck in an instant.

But I had a deeper smile on my face looking at her approach.

"Large Spirit energy amplification... ...thanks for that."

The marble that had been dormant in the subspace, which had been kept silent until now, shone brilliantly and began to appear in this place.

a very short moment

I pulled the bead to my chest and grabbed it with both hands and exploded the starter briefly.

[Opening]

the primal existence

the source of nature

The effect of the great essence of power contained by the existence of the King Spirit is simply ignorant.

He had the power of the highest spirits by force of the body and the power of all equivalent spirits.

There are three things you need to summon the King of Spirits.

Contract with the highest spirits, and complete assimilation with the spirits.

Last but not least, pure will.

[I command you.]

Whispering!!

"Huh?"

At the same time, huge energy began to surge in my body as if it were a storm, and the woman in the agent guard who was attacking me was thrown away with all the power of the spirit she was using.

Ignoring the Elder Con-dae, who was watching the situation with his eyes wide open, I immediately turned and reached for Yuri, who was half asleep and gasping for breath.

[I command you, stop.]

At the same time, the shape of the Water Dragon and Elestra, which had been kept close as if my words had become a decree, was completely crushed by drops of water.

Whoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!

And the great force of the sudden interruption of consciousness lost its place and began to disperse in all directions, and I reached for it again and recited quietly.

I command you, percolate in.]

Argh!!!!!!

Leaving everyone's eyes behind who didn't understand the sudden situation, when she made eye contact with Yuri, she smiled helplessly and let go of the fixed shape of Elestra, which she was forcibly holding.

Then he took the rebound and threw up blood and smiled faintly.

"The rest... please."

You should know that Elder Condae is like making soup and giving a dog.

* * *

a sudden situation

As the aftermath of the great power gathered in my hands and began to encroach on my surroundings, everyone seemed to have lost their breath.

"What is this?!"

But rather than solving their questions, I began to force myself to transform properties by rotating the enormous energy that was running in my hands.

The spirit mana she handed over was virtually unnecessary.

What I got from her was her pure will to yearn for the spirit she had.

With everyone silent with a blank face, I put down the enormous energy gathered in my hands on the floor, then kneeled down on one knee and opened my mouth as if I were declaring quietly.

[At the beginning of the beginning, the one who makes up the world.]

[Strongly solidified by the covenant]

[Fiercely turbulent flow of the earth.]

I, I want to keep my promise on your back.]

My name is Davy O'Loon.]

Your name is the source of the earth.

[Name granted to great will.]

[Noahs.]

Everyone opened their eyes to my voice that followed.

It's inevitable.

Clearly, it was Yuria who summoned the highest spirits.

But as if she had made a plan, she handed over the baton to me, and something unimaginable began to pop out through me.

"Noas?"

"Well... ..King of Spirits?"

I heard the voices of embarrassed elves.

Those who had never signed a contract with a spirit had no choice but to start with the lower spirits no matter how hard they tried.

The power to take steps slowly was the spirit contract.

Despite such common sense, I was immediately bringing up a mythical existence, not to mention a lower-level spirit.

the source of the land

the soil of the first order

Noah the Spirit of the Earth.

I can't help but see the highest spirits over hundreds of years, but I can't believe they're the highest spirits.

The power of the Spirit King.

Even if I use the power right after the summons, it will be comparable to what I have now.

When someone heard it, he/she looked like he/she was yelling, "Don't say nonsense."

There's no way he'll succeed. He'll bleed and collapse before he can get in shape.

Everyone thought so because it was common sense.

but

Kueong...

The seemingly great being began to move in a tumultuous manner, responding to my call.

With a tremendous presence and pressure, which is different from the Water Dragon Elastra, which Yuri managed to modernize.

62. The owner of the land, Noah's.

Unlike Yuri, who has borrowed the power of the magic team to call out the high-level spirits, I am doing it all with my own hands without any help.

"Really...... you're being summoned?!"

The biggest surprise was none other than the Elder Condae.

He couldn't take his eyes off me with his eyes wide open as if his eyes were falling out.

Boom!!!

It was not long before another great tremor spread, and a vast amount of spirit manna that had been held inside my body began to spread everywhere.

It's an intangible, odorless, and colorless energy, but maybe because of the overwhelming increase in the amount, the feeling began to feel so intense that the skin felt numb.

While everyone was watching me with breathless eyes.

I quietly reversed the flow of the spear for a moment, looking at the soil that began to gather in front of me without a word.

Look, this is the way to fish for King David's Spirit.