173 # 173

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 22 of the Seven Books

63. The Hines Festival.

the end of the first month

It is judged to have a great influence just by being in accordance with the will of the Free.

It was locked so that I could not take it out recklessly because of the rock stuck in my subspace.

The dragon's heart, believed to be an agent dragon, was used as a mana stone and the oriharkon imprint was carved on the Adamantium pole to amplify the effect.

By completing and assisting with finishing with a large number of other parts...

"The ignorant thing popped out."

The world where the end of the first month existed was not strictly the Tionis continent, but the Atrelia continent, which was a magical continent and a different dimension to me.

Toong~

A staff member who did not bump into each other completely with a clear sound was stopped by intangible force in the air.

At the same time, intangible red waves spread around, causing a breeze, and soon light leaked out from the dragon's heart and began to cover the very small-sized scaffolding.

"Oh, my God..."

And

The light-bearing texture slowly began to increase its volume as if ignoring the law.

If they made it themselves, they would have to slowly increase the size by pouring mana for months, not days, but the power of the first month's end was achieved in a short period of time while maintaining a very close balance.

The power of all magical giants and reductions in use.

Even the huge sun has been created by magic, and if it is the magic level that the end of the first month can withstand, it can be made as small as a spoon.

On the contrary, even the size of a ball on a small spoon can be called out if it can be handled.

A new cane that can embody a fireball that can reach tens of meters long.

Among the enemies that were broken by the end of the first month, known to have the blessing of God, was an agent Dragon called the magic bell.

The enormous energy that crashed, circulated, and sucked in the surrounding forces slowly stabilized and showed an incomprehensible phenomenon.

What is needed to make this crystal giant is the amount of battery power needed to start a car.

Because of the use of a considerable amount of mana, the sense of dexterity was considerable, but if it had been enough to exhaust and fall, it would not have been able to contain the greed ignorant.

"Ah... let's make a portal next time. There are more manna than I thought."

"This is... this is ridiculous. I don't know much about magic, but... how is this possible?"

It seemed stunned by the ridiculous performance of the cane, which grows its size with a string covering the forest of several kilometers of elves, while filling the difference in efficacy as much as possible.

It was not just for Yuri but also for other elves.

Their eyes, which created a huge system of determination in an unexpected way, were now showing awe.

Oh, my God. ...I can ignore the law, raise and reduce magic... ...David!!

'No, no, don't.'

You bastard! Don't do that!

Perserk, who pulled my hair, made a tear.

Gosh, if she were... if she were in the body!

As if it doesn't matter how she feels about using the bamboo statue, the huge spread of the magic slowly permeated the ground and completely settled down.

"Well, I'll have to test drive."

There was no way that he would not get hit twice in the head after being hit once.

If it was God's will to rock that unique power had the power to ignore the law, it was necessary to understand if he had eaten submarine Knuff unknowingly.

* * *

Fortunately, God's will has not done such a shameful thing.

It was also a story of a man who quietly breathed a sigh of relief at the sight of the determination to settle down safely and to be attacked without difficulty.

"Hahahaha! Teacher! Long time no see you! I've been looking forward to seeing my teacher!"

"Goloda Elder?"

"I've been waiting for you all the time, but apparently, you've done something wrong again."

"Well, that's what happened. I had something to say to the elder Golgotha."

"Ho, that's a coincidence, actually, the mining festival is coming up and I'm here to take Golda for a while."

"Mines Festival?"

He burst out laughing at my question.

"Why not? That's the festival, Dwarf's biggest festival. It's an annual event that takes place twice a year!"

It was a period of time when dwaffes performed ancestral rites and festivals for the Iron God, which does not exist.

"Even a god who doesn't even know whether he exists or not is a jinx, which is why all elders have to participate..."

"Festival..."

My eyes flashed as I swept my chin without a word.

"Hold on."

Currently, there was a mix of humans and dwaffes living in the Hines estate.

But the Dwarfs were only a few, and most of them were not entirely rooted here, unlike ordinary people.

Naturally, conflicts between races could arise over the unfamiliar existence of other races.

The solution is to instill familiarity that everyone is just the same Young Ji Min.

Think carefully. On the contrary, it could be more counterproductive.

"That's right..."

The old man tilted his head at my murmur.

"What is it?"

"Oh, nothing. Is the festival held by all tribes?"

"Hahahaha! No, each tribe would rather have a festival in the tribe."

I squinted at his answer.

Different from the rest of the world, it's a place of its own.

"Do you have any thoughts of doing the festival here?"

"Huh?"

"Just in time, I got a good one. I'm going to invest a little bit of Majeongseok to create a portal between Dwarf Village and here."

"Ee... ..Ee-Potal!"

"Yes, the structure is different from the manatee, so it won't be compatible with each other. No one else can get into the village."

"Hooray..."

He looked up at me as if he had realized something.

"Or to get rid of the subtle air currents between the humans here and our dwaffes..."

"The reason for this is to hold a festival for those who have been busy developing their land."

"Hmm."

The real reason is, Dwarf and humans, and...

It was also a venue for the harmony of the elves, who will now often appear on the site.

It's their choice whether the elves will still be able to properly identify themselves.

In fact, they were elves who hid themselves due to the pledge of world numbers.

Now, the reason why the Elves of the Moon Forest in the Great Forest should keep the pledge is gone.

In fact, in order to completely turn its back on the world number, Yuria expressed her opinion that she should properly reveal herself as an elf who is a British citizen of the land of Hines.

Don't I get scared?

Perhaps, I'm blind to my ridiculous existence, but I certainly thought it was bold.

However, they were still anxious, so they gave the least amount of closure.

It wasn't that I didn't understand their concerns.

Soon after, I could hear that their worries were virtually meaningless.

It's been about two weeks since I left the forest.

This is because the news that made the western kingdom tumultuous has been passed on to the eastern continent.

* * *

"Davie, have you heard the news? Rumors are circulating in the western continent that they have seen people believed to be elves."

"Eh... Elf?"

Surprised WINRI, and smiling YULICE.

Finally, the elders of Golda and the elders of Golda gathered to hold a meeting on the festival.

"Ha......but isn't the elf in a fairy tale? The ancient book tells the story of the elf, but no one has ever seen the existence of the elf."

There was actually a good example.

In one of the central kingdoms, a young king once searched every corner of the continent for an elf.

Some even said that he was crazy because he had fantasies about the existence of the Elf fairy tale.

But after 10 or 20 years, it was about a foolish king who had no income, was forced into custody in a neighboring country by the state coffers because of funds provided for the search of other countries, and funding from the exploration team.

Since the war was active, what he said when he went up to the execution site after being forcibly taken over was quite famous.

Fairies exist. I saw them, and they were horrifyingly beautiful.

Just what the mad king left before he died was also said to be quite famous among the continental aristocrats.

It would be strange to have fewer strangers in the midst of a foolish king of the Malk Kingdom and an aristocratic educational fairy tale of Elphra.

Based on such facts, when Winri spoke in doubt, Elder Golgoda coughed briefly.

"Science! Do you think there are no elves there?"

"I'm not sure, but..."

"The Elves do exist."

His words intrigued Ullis and Winnie's face.

"In fact, I've heard this from my father, but my grandfather often said that he and the elf...

It was as amazing as if Winnie was listening to an old story from an old man who lived for a long time.

"Well... yeah?! Is there any other story?!"

"Um... ...I'm curious, too. If you don't mind..."

"Hahahaha! I'm sorry. I haven't seen it, okay? In fact, as the old saying goes, Dwarf and Elf have a bad relationship, I don't know much about those weak little idiots."

I just think it exists.

There were two people who were visibly saddened by his words.

"Davie, we have company."

It was then.

A quiet window opened, and Lünne, who was playing with Cheng Dan and Hong Dan outside, jumped up.

"Oops! Lü... ..Miss Lünne! What a sight!"

Lune, who shook off the leaves that stuck to her body, calmly replied to the alarmed cry of Winnie.

"Lunne, we believe you're working very hard, and Hongdan, Chengdan's physical strength and activity exceeds the expectations of Lünne's computational circuit..."

That's right. I picked up the white flag in 6 hours when Hongdan was playing with Chengdan.

The patient Persecrech lifted the white flag in half a day.

The man who spoke in a tired voice glared at me.

"Davie, ask for the material praise you promised. Strike if not done. highly appreciated by Lünne"

"When you go to the kitchen, Chef Brad will have it ready. Go ahead and eat—you got company anyway?"

"Ah."

Only then did she realize her original purpose and nodded.

a tiny trace outside the door

I could tell who it was without seeing it. The scent of the contract with the higher spirits of the water was quite strong.

"I didn't forget your promise to take responsibility."

It was a playful and relaxed tone as if it were aimed at the situation.

Doubtful of the words, Dwarfs, Winley, and Ullis tilted their heads.

Later, the door opened and four eyes, except for me in the room, opened the door and saw the little girl and the big girl who came in.