179 # 179

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the third installment in the eight volumes

66. The flow won't break.

[Oh, that's too bad......]

The murmur of Igdrasil's body, the bitter world number, was heard in a lowly.

I don't feel a lie, but the sincere heart makes me feel even more horrified.

Whoo-hoo! Whoo-hoo!

There was no sign of the attack.

In an instant, an agent guard penetrating toward Aina pointed the sharp end of the Leapier, which was tied to her waistline, at her heart and thrust it into her heart, leading to a natural act as if water were flowing.

The five elves who pressed her have pressed her in, showing a sharp pass as if the five of them had become one.

Crying!!!

As soon as two men burst in and attacked her, the arrow stuck in the blade of the wind penetrates her vital point and cools her heart.

Get it!!!

Five times, we work together and pressure each other.

Furthermore, if each level was above the master level, the outcome of the fight was obvious.

but

We should make the most of our experiences in the war.'

Ai or Helishana, who took a short breath, slightly twisted her head.

At the same time, a light green flash flew in her forehead.

a layer topped with the power of spirits

As soon as the attack failed, Aina retrieved the sword again and handed over the Elf's leg, which was about to fall, immediately snatched the sword of another agent guard, which penetrated into a square, and cut the broken balance of the Elf's chest.

Whoo!

The red and hot blood splashed in the air with a gruesome sound, but no screams were heard.

Boom! Boom!

Of course, the consequences had to be paid well.

"Sigh..."

Her face frowned as she took a short breath and looked down at her big cut arm.

"It's too strong... ...and I don't want you to give me one already."

Now I've neutralized one.

However, even if they risk their lives to neutralize the five-member agent guard, the most dangerous thing remains.

If this is the case, it will be themselves, not them, who will fall to the ground in a few minutes.

She never intended to die, even if she fought for her life.

Who wants to die?

Eventually, Aina Helicana decided to take a bold step.

The key to their movement is the number of the world'sincerely.

If then,

Disarmament of the body of the world's water!'

According to her expectations, the body could express its power, but it must have little physical ability.

Moreover, it was only 300 years ago that the will of the world's number was replaced.

He is an outstanding presence and will not have a high combat capability.

Aina, who had been avoiding the attack as if she had been watching for an opportunity, quickly projected three or four bags of rain wrapped in a small cloth as if to check the agent guard.

The non-reflective ratio was definitely a surprise but not very fast.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Of course, no one received it as much as he did not throw it for purpose, and Vido eventually lost his strength and got stuck on the floor.

Breath becomes rough and wounds stretch.

Nevertheless, Eina Helishana's eyes were more prominent.

Boom!

in a short

Leapiers were stuck in the abdomen of Aina, who had been struggling, and her large body collapsed.

"Kuluck..."

A painful groan did not flow out, but she resisted, even though her blood flowed back and she coughed in painfully.

But the overpowering was ruthless.

Whoo!

Aina, who was overwhelmed by her relentlessly stuck on the floor and twisted her arm, raised her cold eyes and stared at Igdrasil and five other agent guards.

"Don't resist. The world's number does not allow it."

Aina bit her lips tightly in a voice full of fanatical blind faith.

[Stop it, all of you!] What are you going to do about the aggressive subjugation of the same forest?]

"I'm sorry."

The elves bowed their heads to the battering of Igdrasil.

[Come on.

"......"

It's not too late now. Come back to your mother's arms. Your depravity is inevitable, but if you repent of your wrongdoing and come to our side...]

"Ha......it's my fault."

Ina's cold-shed eyes were poisoned.

Whoo!

The incident guards, who reflexively overpowered her, moved, but did not cover her mouth.

"I learned something from Davy's side. He was a bloody man, but he was truly capable and faithful. It's not like you, so..."

[Hmm?]

With a benevolent smile, Igdrasil tilted his head, and Aina slowly extended her fist and raised her middle finger.

"You're welcome to eat."

Understand!!

At the same time, Aina's hand pulled something invisible.

Push it!

The rain that was stuck on the floor glowed at once and gave off a terrible smoke.

"Oh! Mother of God! Avoid it!"

Frustrated, the agent guards stand in front of the Igdrasil in unison.

but

'I'm going to search for it.'

A body of fire doesn't change even if it kills hundreds of people.

However, the main body of Igdracil is a giant tree that cannot be moved.

Once you lose your body, you can't move for a while.

I didn't think the agent guard would harm the monstrous boy, Davey.

There is only one concern in the world.

Boom! Boom!

Looking at the huge explosion, Aina sighed briefly.

The instantaneous spread of the poisonous smoke itself is fatal to life, but the proper effect is that it can be detonated through a certain trigger.

At that moment, it was clear that if the temperature was not normal but taken by surprise, the number of bodies in the world that had only the physical abilities of ordinary humans would not be able to withstand it.

Aina, looking at the field in flames, took a short breath.

"Has it been processed.

She quickly turned around when she woke up without hiding her complicated feelings.

Whatever it may be, when I get a chance...

Boom!

I wish I could run away.

She opened her eyes round, looking down at the thin, pointed body of Leapier that popped out of my chest.

* * *

Whack!!

At the same time, her body began to change as the skull necklace, which had been broken by the sharp edge of Leapier's sword, was broken.

The image of a middle-aged man with a strong physique began to be completely engulfed in the light and soon began to shrink.

He was over 190 in size.

However, his height has gradually decreased to less than 160 cm, let alone 190 cm.

The stiff, strong muscles disappeared and turned into bright brown skin with smooth, flexible curves.

The black hair changed to dark navy, which seemed to have been discolored in the sky, and the short length became richly longer, and it became a two-pronged shape as if it were the original shape.

"Kuluck..."

It was clear that it was a fatal wound.

She fell on her knees, unable to keep her body in shape, and lowered her only clear-colored sky-blue eyes.

Pooch!!

Soon after Leapier, who was penetrating her chest, escaped, her body collapsed like a broken doll.

The eyes, where the gun was young, became blurred at the same time as blood flowed from the body and could not even focus.

'Oh... no... I can't die here...'

The view of Aina, who was speaking with a lip but forced mumbling, gradually became blurred.

Beyond the distant consciousness, Aina was able to find the bodies of the five agent guards approaching her, and the number of the world, Igdracil, who walked out of the explosion intact.

It was a desperate surprise attack.

I made it successful by walking to the point of my life.

After all, she thought it was a dog's death.

* * *

"What should I do?"

Just leave it. Don't kill yourself.]

"If you're an order."

Looking at the elves who looked down with a short answer, Igdrasil wiped his smile and looked at an elf woman with brown skin.

Aina Helishana.

She was originally the most talented woman in the Holy Land of the New Year.

But she was corrupted by herself.

I became a dark elf and left behind the forest.

It's been more than 30 years since she left, but her eyes were consistent.

Ignacil, who momentarily erased a smile, soon put his hand on the chest of the elf, who was first knocked down by Aina.

Whooooooooooooooooh!

At the same time, bright light burst out and the chest, which had been punctured by the sharp metal, began to regain its original form.

Deathly fatal wounds quickly healed.

However, that didn't seem surprising to other agency guards.

the power of the world's Sue Igdrasil

a benevolent touch of a child in the forest

As the number of the world is a giant tree called the source of the elf, the power of the giant tree itself was comparable to that of King Persec, who was one of the main pillars of the continental war 3,000 years ago.

"Oh... my Lord of the World..."

[Are you all right?]

"Yes!"

Yeah, that's a relief. Then let's get going, we've wasted too much time and energy.]

The incarnation of the world's number Igdrasil looked at the fallen Aina and immediately shook his head and walked away.

It was then.

It was amazing that few stars were rising, and the dark night scenery began to get darker.

It felt as if something had devoured the light that was left.

a very short moment

The incident guards, who noticed the strangeness, were about to look around with their eyes wide open.

"I heard that the color of Dark Elves' eyes changes depending on the change of mind."

In their ears came the voice of a calm man.

"You're saying it's not normal to be stubborn when your eyes are so clear, which is supposed to be the first color to be turbid when it's corrupted, right?"

"Who... who?"

Click, click.

A very small sound rang out.

The sound of something unlocked rang out.

It was none other than the sound of the string fixing the sword to the censor.

Then, the source of the sound came from the elf, who was wearing the leading Leapier around his waist.

"What?"

Deep down!

Realizing that his layer had disappeared, the agent guard opened his eyes wide as if surprised.

But he couldn't say more.

A very sharp and clear sound sounded as if the air was penetrating through his forehead.

If you don't die for the elf, you can save it.

Even the power of such a world leader cannot save a person who died instantly.

It was in no time for an agent guard strong enough to sign an intermediate spirit on the master Hunter to die.

The surrounding area, which began to darken gradually, was indistinguishable, like a dark underground cave where the light had soon disappeared completely disappeared.

"Protect the Mother of God! Surprise!!"

an unidentified man who completely deceived and delved into their feelings

Alarmed by its existence, the agent guards raised their senses to the fullest.

but

All they could feel was the cold air.

What they could see was the darkness that was completely blind.

The only scent they could smell was the gruesomely corny scent.

"Even if you're an uninvited guest, you're a guest who came to the festival. Can't you just let him go?"

"Who... who!"

"Show your identity!"

Men. No, the voice of a boy in his mid to late teens, who looked a little younger than a man in his 20s, echoed and the chilly air became as cold as if it were freezing.

"I had a great event left, and I was wondering if it was too stimulating. Do you like haunted houses?"