172 # 172

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 21 of the Seven Books

'This is... this is how I feel.'

That's what they think? You're such a hard worker. Why are you doing this when you don't touch women who like you in the first place?

With such a big smile of hers, I laid out my fist slowly and hit the air.

Squeeze!

At the same time, the space without anything was broken and a large, peculiarly dark cane was pulled out of it.

"Look forward to it, I'll install it for you as a great guy."

In addition, a portal was set up to connect the village of Elf with the territory of Hines.

It's time to create an independent mobile portal that no one else can interfere with in the town of Dwarf.

It's... it's!

When I saw the big cane I took out, Persec screamed and blinked.

It's been a while since I've seen this grip.

I felt good in a subtly familiar mood.

It was what I had in mind before.

It would not be bad to experiment in a place smaller than the Hines territory before installing it on the Hines estate.

I`m sorry, but I`m not going to create a complete access barrier. I'll put other things in for you, what do you want? Will it add a great magic dust that can prevent meteo even though it is only once? Or do you want me to add more sanctuary to your life?"

Premium options were expensive.

"What?"

She tilted her head at my question.

"If you don't like it, do you want me to create a physical reflection system based on the spirit or power?"

It's my Young Jimin now, so I'll pay a little attention.

The question on Yuri's face was young in my choice answer.

"You know... did I hear something wrong?"

"I heard it right. Pick one. Whatever it is, I'll install it today if you choose. We need to create a portal between this forest and the Hines estate."

"......meeting...meeting..."

Yuri jumped out of her seat as if she were running away and ran away.

* * *

In the end, Yuria has asked for a settlement in which the forest can be protected in many ways by compromised.

The elves gathered as if they had seen something amazing and couldn't take their eyes off me.

At the same time, they were wondering if it was possible to make such a ridiculous decision.

Hehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehe.

The expression of face-saving would be a word used in these places.

"......."

In fact, I was more concerned about other places than the elves who looked at me questionably.

Oh, my God... ...I've finished the Adamantium pole with an oriharkon imprint, as well as the bones of the ancient dragon and Pure Misrel, and the coating with the Elixir (God's Tears!

The criminal was the one who was smiling and clinging to the staff I was holding with a wicked smile as if a laser would come out of his eyes right away.

Davey! Tell me! What kind of magic do you have in here? Meteo? Hellfire? Or...... is there a multidimensional particle decomposition magic that's theoretically possible?!

What should I hide?

It was the former king who lost his dignity who was rubbing his cheek while sticking close to the staff bag that had been stealing my eyes for a while.

'I'm drooling. It's expensive, dude.'

I've never seen anything like this before! The end of the first month... ...the end of the first month is a really good name. Davey!

'No, no, don't.'

There is no law that only Hongdan and Chengdan should use the word.

Can't you just lend me a little bit? How dirty! How mean! You're the first man to make her hang on like this!

As she shook the staff to remove her whining like a struggling child, she clung to the pole and rubbed her cheek, screamed and fell off.

"You can't even touch it anyway. Why are you so greedy?'

No! She still has her soul! It's starting to affect things little by little, so one day!

As she stepped down in tears, she looked at the staff in my hand with a regretful look.

a staff member named the last word of the first month

The greatest wizard of the land of Atrellia, who had taught me magic.

It was the main item of Odin called the god of wizard, but now it's mine.

It was a little surprising that he threw me the things I had cherished so much before I went, but if I gave it to him, I could use it well.

In fact, if you borrow this crazy staff and use magic, you can't easily get out of the taste of mulberry.

As a result, the end of the first month, a selfless living staff who began to read, store, remember, and apply my mana in an instant as always used, slowly began to respond.

The heart of the ancient dragon, which was inserted in place of the magic ball, echoed a faint resonance as if it could not stand it because it wanted to show its power right away.

"Well, isn't the silver lining a repetition of installing and neglecting a large scale of magic at the end and center of each vertex?"

I nodded at her question.

"That's right."

I would have done so if it were just the usual way.

"You don't have to cover this forest."

When I lifted the end of the first month slightly in the air and let go of my hand, a large staff floated into the air as if it were against gravity and began to spin.

"That's enough."

He spoke calmly, and this time he opened his hands and lightly clapped hands.

[8 Circle]

[Space Wizard]

[Custom Space]

The vast, fast, accurate computational capabilities of the initiator, and the vast mana. Magic that gives certain rules according to the skill of handling mana.

Originally for wizards, custom spaces were used to create rules to enhance their magic in a small space and to fire artillery in a short period of time.

Since the wise man of the continent is only seven circles, this ignorant magic has rarely been used, but not to me.

[Physical absorption]

[Great Magic Defense]

[Great Illusion]

Physical immunity and magic immunity, which are not complete but with significant efficiency, and welcome magic to exclude intruders are installed as the basis.

Then I solved Su-in and recited quietly.

"Noas."

Boom... Boom!!!

the ensuing summons of the King of Spirits

A huge being began to disperse my presence and unite forces in front of me.

And

Soon after, a giant earth giant appeared again in the forest as if it had been waiting.

You may think that I'm making a fool of the existence of the Spirit Royal, but I didn't mean to let the contracted Spirit play and eat comfortably as a king.

If you took away my spirit mana like blood, you should work.

"Hmm!"

"Well... the Spirit King has been summoned again."

Ignoring the elves' mumbling that seemed incredible every time I saw them, I spoke to the King of Spirits, who was completely summoned.

"I'm going to pay the demand."

I will submit to the contractor's request.]

Maybe because of what I said when I first summoned him, it wasn't as big as the first time, but the tens of meters giant, whose existence itself implies a huge mana, answered with open mouth.

"What I want is a cycle of spirit energy."

The conclusion had to be semi-permanent, circulating self-conserving and consuming.

Therefore, the spirit was needed in this place, where the power of the spirit is strongest.

If it contains the will of King Spirit, the strongest being, the effect would be excellent.

Realizing what I meant, Noah soon began to wander near me, scattering into huge pieces of earth.

At the same time, Noah's great vortex of power was linked to my mana and began to create a huge magic wand.

It was a giant magical earthquake of several tens of meters, made up of hundreds of spiritual languages and thousands and tens of thousands of combinations.

Lune has different characteristics, such as the size, font, location, and shapes created by the Lune.

Although it requires an enormous amount of computational power to the point where the head is dinghy.

It didn't matter.

It was rearranged in an instant, and the spirit language permeated and mixed over the runes, which had the rules of physical defense and magic immunity applied by two existing rules.

After this

Again, I put my hands together and prayed, quietly kneeling on one knee and opening my mouth.

Almighty, I commend you to your great will.]

[Please give me a blessing if I make it this perfect]]

Whooooooooooooooooh!

[Sept. 9 St. Ma's Landing]

[Dea Saint-Curry]

A huge light of pure white spread out and wrapped the magic pearl as if it were coating it.

Afterwards, I, who got back up, lightly stir my hand. The giant magic pearl, which was tens of meters long, soon shrank to a smaller size of about 10 centimeters and began to take on an unusual-looking hemispherical shape.

It was such a cute size that no animal, let alone humans, could fit in.

"I can feel a lot of power. What did you just put in?"

I answered Yuria's question, waiting for the solidarity to be completely established.

Perhaps because a large amount of manna has escaped, a considerable amount of dexterity is coming in.

"In the 9th tier Seongma Bangjin, the 8th circle customization was made, and physical resistance and magic resistance were added to it, and the inner strength of the Magic Circle was constantly circulated under the protection of the Spirit King."

She looked at the scaffold with surprise at my words.

However, he soon tilted his head as if he realized something strange.

"But..."

"Hmm?"

Isn't it too small? They're so small that they can't get in, let alone people."

She has raised a valid question about the appearance of the clique, which is only a little over 10 centimeters.

It was.

The reality was that the greater the efficiency, the narrower the scope.

In that sense, the ancient control system covering the entire Hines estate was simply a startling thing.

Of course, that's how big a courtyard was set up.

"It's a crazy waste if you make a big one for this big one."

"Oh... no, what's the use of making the forest so small?""

Yuria glared her eyes nicely to see if my words were ridiculous.

"The yo-yo doesn't have to get bigger."

It was not for nothing to bring up the end of the first month.

Speaking calmly, I lightly rolled up the staff bag made of Adamantium in the air.

"Do you know the nickname of this wand?"

"What... what is it says.

"It's a goblin bat."

against common sense

A thing comparable to a sword, or, in a sense, more ignorant than a sword called Caldiras.

Of course, even a goblin bat wouldn't make sense. You'd better show it to yourself.

It's about the size of... ...to cover this forest.

Although there may be side effects of extreme abundance of Spirit energy due to the circulation of large amounts of energy, it was not for nothing to declare sanctuary by sexual magic.

Like playing rock, paper, scissors.

Magic formed the basis and the power and divine power of the spirits complemented each other's side effects and caused interaction.

The proper combination of the three forces was quite a popular theory in the study of magic.

"Get big, snap."

With the words, when I lightly swung the staff and tapped the scaffold, Yuri's eyes opened wide with surprise.