175 # 175

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Twenty-fourth installment

"Eh... Elf?"

Illina, who was struggling without judging the situation, was the first to be surprised by the presence of E.L.F. Yuri and Muu.

"Nice to meet you, Princess Ilina de Palan. This is Yuri Helishana, the head of the Moon Forest."

"Oh... ..good to see you. I'm Ilina de Palan."

I smiled a twinkle at her, who was looking around unaware of the current situation.

However, Illina did not know that her eyes would fall from the muu held in the arms of Yuria and Yuri's arms.

in a short

What was he thinking?

Illina opened her eyes and glared at me.

"David, you don't..."

Looking at the misunderstanding without a hitch, I felt my stomach twisted.

"Don't get me wrong. I don't want much from you, but I really need your help."

"What, Davy?"

She stepped back, faltering one step or two, to see if she felt something uneasy.

I can feel the subtle deja vu.

At the same time, as if she had realized something, she ran away from me and pulled Caldiras out.

"Well, don't approach me!"

"You'll think I'm hurting you."

"Ha! Don't be ridiculous! You didn't forget the night you two spent together in the cave, did you?"

her cry out

Clearly, the tone is angry, but the choice of language is quite wrong.

"Something happened then."

"Don't play tricks on me, Davy. I've never been so sick in my life! You screamed for pain, but you wouldn't let go!"

"You liked it after all."

Yuri's eyes twinkled at her panting cry.

"Just the two of you... ...one night...I see. You're definitely young, so you're full of energy."

Yuria is not quite young by Elf's standards.

"But it's a little strange. Didn't the Empress of the Palan Empire say she had a marriage relationship with Yulis, the wizard of the Red Tower? But if you're facing the flesh... ...you're not... ..fire..."

"No! I can't believe I'm facing flesh!"

Even though it's our first time meeting him, how embarrassed he is to scream.

Yuria smiled interestingly at the sight of her screaming with her face dyed red.

"Oh, my God, isn't it?" I've never been so sick..."

"It's not like that! What an unpleasant misunderstanding!"

YU RIA was disappointed by her rebuttal, which was shouting without hiding her embarrassment.

"I see. You haven't made it that far yet. You're so fresh."

Yuri's eyes, who smiled faintly, narrowed slightly.

"I want to torment you..."

I thought I should do something I didn't hear.

"Oh, I get it now. You two love each other, but you haven't been in that relationship yet, have you? Clearly, a political marriage is not forced to love, so even if you have a different kind of love."

"Why on earth do you keep misunderstanding me like that?" I and Davey have nothing to do with each other!"

Yuri's head tilted.

"Do you come in through the window at night when you're not in a relationship?"

"Well... ..because we're friends!"

"Cook... ..there are no friends between men and women. Lady Hwang."

He doesn't say a word, he doesn't let go of a word.

Eventually, Illina shouted at me with her red face and teary face.

"What?! E.L.Fs like to bully people like this?!"

"I guess you're a good bully."

"Don't be ridiculous!"

In the end, she cried and Yuria and I judged that further harassment was useless.

"That's enough bullying."

"Oh, I didn't mean to bother you."

Whenever I saw his nervous expression on his face, did he give me a gruesome smile?

"Ilina."

"What. Why?"

"I'm running out of time, so I really need your help preparing for the festival."

She frowned at my words.

"I think sometimes you only look for me when you need me."

After shouting irritably, she changed Caldiras back into a brooch and slumped into a chair.

It's definitely a union festival of three races, Dwarf and Elf, but it's definitely within the Kingdom of Loun.

No, to be exact, it's a festival of Hines land.

There was no indication that the Palan Empire would intervene.

However, it was also true that she needed her strength to successfully finish the festival.

"Not much. I need something that you can get from the Palan Empire with your very strong presence."

"Davie... what kind of water do you think I am?"

"I'll pay you for sure."

"That's not the problem!"

Her irritation index was driven to the brink of explosion by my intention to use it openly.

I realized that it was time to throw the carrot because it seemed like it was going to explode as soon as I stimulated it a little more.

"Sodmaster. You want to do it, don't you?"

"So...Sodmaster?"

"Yes, if you cooperate, I'll make a foothold for you to become a sodmaster."

In fact, she will soon climb over the wall without touching it, but if she doesn't know, she uses it.

She's already seen how far I've been doing in common sense to dismiss it as a lie.

Soon her face cooled down as if her anger had reached its climax.

"Ha! You got the wrong person, do you think I'm going to fall for that?" What's the point of not being able to help friends? Just let me! What can I save you? What?"

Human psychology is so... so astute.

* * *

The Palan Empire has many precious things that cannot be found in other kingdoms or empires.

That was the case this time.

The name of the thing I bought from the Palan Empire through Illinois is Flare Breakstone.

It is a palm-sized mana stone, but it is not just a mana stone.

In the Cold War, rather than the Iron and Blood War, it is called a mine explosion.

In fact, it was this flare brake stone that weighed exports strictly and meticulously in the Palan Empire.

The flare breakstone's past nickname was none other than equality.

Why equality?

This is because whether the old man holds it or the reversal warrior holds it or the child holds it, everyone becomes equally threatening weapons.

Manna's crashing in a very dizzy way, so if you pull out the safety pin from the mana stone, the mana crashes and explodes. This way, you don't need a startup mana, so anyone can use it.

The weapons of the Palan Empire are also famous on the continent.

The reason why only three of the seven empires survived, which were relatively lacking in marijuana and sodmasters compared to other empires, became the strongest nation on the continent.

It was because of the development of weapons studies implemented under the current emperor's policy.

Of course, there is a disadvantage that the unit price is so expensive that it cannot be mass-produced recklessly.

What kind of weapons are they going to use for the festival?

It will not be used for security purposes because it has been controlled as much as possible.

In the first place, the power itself does not seem extreme to be used for security purposes.

"Your Majesty, as you have commanded, I have brought in a bunch of good hand-handers."

the subterranean part of permanent residence A series of crowds came into the junk workshop made next to the Decepticon squadron.

There was not a single Elf and Dwarf as all human beings.

"You all had a hard time coming."

"No! Of course we'll go!"

"Oh! Did you ever lose money after hearing what the Holy Father said?"

"Well, I appreciate your trust."

Smiling, I put a container of each ingredient in front of them.

"What is this?"

"What do you mean. The elf and the dwerp are the Spirit Genie Mine Festival, so I'm going to play solo, but there's human pride, and I can't do anything and just go."

What... what does that mean?"

"Let's show that the Dwarf of the Hines has something to put forward as the Dwarf, the Elf as well as the Human as the Elves."

Everything I needed was gathered.

Excessive competition will ruin each other, but proper cooperation will make one goal more beautiful.

"I...I'm sorry, but what are we doing?"

"What we're going to make from now on will be the finale of this festival. Don't forget, Dwarf or Elf, they're all servants of the Hines estate and your neighborhood. We show each other's potential, not to undermine each other, to compete and fight."

Never forget the true meaning of the festival.

"If there's a guy who's blurring the water, I'll hit his neck myself."

Usually, you'd be very mean to take out a stone that has rolled into it.

The impact is significantly less because they tend to believe in me.

In order to assimilate the three races completely before the medicine falls, the answer will be to get used to each other.

"There's no room for it' Just let me!"

"Let's start with a firm resolution."

Then I twirled my finger on the safety pin of the flare brake stone I had in my hand.

In the end, the goal is to create a festival where all Young Ji-min can laugh and chat.

Why don't you do that when you can rake in money as a tourist?

There is such a saying in the proverb of the earth.

There is nothing to eat at the famous party.

It wouldn't be so good to just promote it extensively.

* * *

tight preparation

A month passed so fast that I thought it was really an instant.

In the meantime, I've put all my soul into proper zoning and checking the facilities.

The main purpose of the Heinz Alliance is to hold a festival where the young people who have worked hard can laugh and chat and enjoy, but there must be quite a few who come after hearing the rumor.

Then, shouldn't they make sure to empty their pockets?

The Dwarf Mine Festival is quite famous among the hosa people.

Dwarves' annual service to offer sacrifices to the Iron God.

However, few people saw the festival's scene, so everyone just thought so.

Of course, it wouldn't have been so famous if it had been rumored and really nothing was known.

It was in fact because of a best-selling book that the Dwarf mining festival spread widely on the continent.

Mine Observation]

Famous enough to be called a must-read by numerous aristocrats across the continent, this book deals with only one thing, unlike other reading books released when traveling around the continent.

It was the Mining Festival, a crushing festival of the Dwarf people.

Was it because of his great penmanship, or was it because he exaggerated his imagination about the festival?

As a result, his reading of the book has led many to amplify their interest in the Gwangsan Festival.

Dwarf himself was in such a situation.

At such a time, the elf first appeared, and how many people would be interested in holding the spirit festival, a festival of elves similar to the mine festival, at the same time?

Although ordinary people who are busy making ends meet every day, there was a reason why free mercenaries or aristocrats who had plenty of time to make them stop by even if they took a long way.

"Because the rumors spread faster than expected, the number of visitors has increased more than I thought. There are dozens of noble families in the kingdom and more than a hundred from other countries. It was also visited by a large number of free mercenaries."

"I guess the price of a name is great. A lot of people came."

The bait was endless and the rice cake was fragrant.

It was a reality that Wolchuk, who was interested in it, had no choice but to bite the hook without looking back.

The site was renovated and made into a seemingly clean and beautiful form of land.

That's why the number of people who bid by constantly building buildings was increased and roads were paved.

The speed is a bit fast, but I think it's safe and sound.

In the end, this was not a difficult challenge for me, who has been preparing every now and then.

The festival lasts about 3 nights and 4 days.

However, three days before the festival began, the land felt more bustling than usual due to guests visiting the land.

"I've never seen so many tourists coming from the capital of the Kingdom of Lown."

"That's how great it is. The important thing is that not all Young Jimin should work. Let's arrange for half of them to take turns and enjoy the festival."

"Then we'll have the manpower..."

"We have no choice but to hire them from outside."