178 # 178

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the second installment of the eight volumes.

This is just a taste, and I'll continue to use you, so please take good care of me.

Did the word "bribery" leak out?

She opened her mouth with a surprised look and soon laughed at what she had thought.

Then he held the necklace and asked me again.

"What are you doing? Aren't you going to call me?"

"그런 건 네 연인에게나 부탁해."

내 대답에 그녀가 환하게 웃어 보였다.

"개수작 부리지 마! 데이비. 연인에게 다른 남자가 준 목걸이를 걸어달라고 한다고?"

"듣고 보니 그러네."

결국, 그녀가 다시 건네준 목걸이를 받아 펼친 나는 곧 그녀에게 손을 까딱였다.

"가까이 와."

"이상하게 무드가 있어야 할 상황인데 왜 이리 허탈한 것인지......."

While saying so, she approached me without resistance and looked up at me with a light smile.

With such a smile, I wrapped my arms around her neck as if I were hugging her neck and slowly put a necklace around her neck.

Then she picked up her honey-flowing blond hair and lightly arranged it.

Maybe it's because the necklace, which shines brightly in blue, is stuck in my throat.

Her smile, which seemed pleasant, seemed much brighter.

"You'd be a great husband if you didn't do anything like Psycho."

"I don't like waffles like you."

In terms of taste, there are the little dusk of the Lindis Empire and the Persecs next to me.

"I don't like psychos like you either. You've been saying that you're looking for a wife from the royal family, but you're absolutely against it."

"Thank you for taking care of course. Lady Hwang."

They giggle and reach out to each other and bump into each other lightly.

As Yuri says, there are no friends between men and women.

However, I thought that my relationship with Illinois was a little bit subtle.

They are not sympathetic to each other, but it is only a nuisance to them even if they push for a love relationship.

"Still..."

At that time, Illina, who was looking up at me quietly, bowed her head.

She looked down with a faint smile and opened her mouth with difficulty.

"You know... you know, Davey. What if..."

The gibberish woman turned her eyes around.

"If, if you don't have a really good wife... ..yes... ..you..."

She was about to say something, biting her lower lip anxiously.

Whoo! Whoo!

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

At the sudden sound of resonance, Illina dropped her words and gave a cute scream like a girl of her age and collapsed.

The source of the sound was none other than her ring.

"Sigh... I'm surprised."

An irritating murmuring, she sighed.

"I got a call from my home country. I'm sorry, Davy. ..."

"Go ahead."

"Huh?"

"Go ahead. I just happened to have something to do."

She looked suspicious at my words.

"Go ahead."

She looked suspicious at my firm words, but soon nodded.

"I'm sorry. The festival will last a few days. Come out with WINRI tomorrow!"

Eventually, she sighed briefly and turned her back on me to see if she decided to listen to me.

I've just begun to catch the air that I'm very used to.

The distance is not far.

To the best of my knowledge, there is only one person with this uniquely cold air.

Jack, an informer who personally serves me at Information Guild echo.

The original identity is Dark Elf Ai or Helicana.

She is living in confrontation with someone outside the territory.

"They're a real pain in the neck on this great day."

I was overwhelmed with irritation. It's a raid, it's a bugger, it's a differentiation between time and place.

If he doesn't even have that basic courtesy...

"Even the number of the world should be plucked from the roots."

How can I be punished if I can't do anything.

* * *

Four or five elves in blue uniforms.

Everyone is an agent guard with outstanding power in the new tree.

All of them are talented people who have master-level archery skills and have signed contracts with spirits above the intermediate level.

They were all heading to the Hines estate, where they were enjoying the festival without even noticing their presence.

According to the orders of the world's number, they are now attacking the territory of Hines.

They were ordered to condemn fearless humans for thrusting their swords into them.

However, their covert infiltration was blocked by a man before they could enter the territory.

"You should have killed her. I can't go any further."

At the words of the calm man, the guards surrounded him with arms in silence.

"I don't want unnecessary killing, step aside. Human."

A quiet man's voice was heard, but Jack, a man in a black uniform, blocked them in a consistent manner, twirling a dagger with a graceful curve that was his favorite soldier and kept his life so far.

"I refuse. If you want to go in any further, you'll have to kill him."

The unfeeling Jack's warning made the intruders' spirits even scarier.

We carry out our orders. If you can stop it..."

An intruder with a blurry tongue hung an arrow on the demonstration.

"It's a pity, but we have to give it back to nature."

PING!!

Sharp arrows that flew in with the sound of the air tearing began to pour out at Jack's new model in an instant.

* * *

"Agent Guard."

Jack, or Aina Helishana, tried to hide the cold sweat that ran through her whole body, wiped off an arrow with a nervous face and moved her body alertly.

Once a single step is lacking, dangerous attacks that could pierce the body will fly constantly.

She was also a top source of information in an echo called the best information guild on the continent.

Her assassination skills reached the master level and her spirits skills were significant, as she was a former agent guard.

So I couldn't relax.

The opponent is an agent guard like her in the past.

That's five.

Everyone is after themselves.

And most of all, the one who's focused on her nerves...

It was none other than that sky-high-dressed woman who was surrounded by the agency guards as if they were protecting her.

"Huh!"

Whoo! Whoo!

No sooner had I poured my nerves elsewhere than a sharp arrowhead brushed past her waist.

Although he avoided the fatal injury reflexively, his expression naturally frown as the beautiful pain began to attack her.

And the short gap made me catch up with Aina.

"......"

In an instant, she opened her eyes wide in surprise at the arrowheads thrust into her brow.

If the other elf lets go, that arrowhead will tear through the brow of Aina without mercy.

It's too late to avoid.

The damage that was caused by paying attention to other places was more severe than expected.

[Stop it, stop it]

At that time, the woman who was still opened her mouth for the first time and stopped the situation for a while.

The woman with a relaxed smile as if she knew everything had a very open dress and beautiful beauty.

The par value is approximately in their mid to late 20s.

She was a delicate woman with no weapons and little muscle.

There is no reason to worry about her because she is wearing thin clothes that look like she could tear even if she is grabbed and torn by her hand without protective gear.

No, I shouldn't have.

But I couldn't.

Regardless of the apparent judgment of the opponent, Aina Helicana knew who the woman was.

the world number

Igdracil.

It is the only name given to the original will.

It's not the main body, but it's definitely the body that can use some of its power.

If she was the incarnation of world number, she could subdue herself by even raising a finger.

In the end, she was in a situation like a light in front of the wind.

Looking at Aina, who rose reflexively and spread the streets, she gave a more gracious smile of peace.

Oh, I was wondering where your wicked daughter went, and she was here.]

"I'm human. It's not an elf."

Human... You're saying something interesting. Aina]

"......"

[You didn't think you'd recognize your spare child by hiding yourself in such a crude artistry?]

"For God's sake..."

There seems to have been no point in hiding it.

I don't understand why your sisters hurt a woman's heart so much.

"You're the one who brought it on. Cut the double, disgusting mask. Because of you and Sinmok's saint, I became a dead person to my brother and I couldn't show up before him."

Aina Helicana felt like her whole body was compressed.

Her

World numbers and agency guards should not be sent to Davy.

There is nothing wrong with the agency guard, but the body of the world number had a different story.

World numbers are transcendent beings who change the terrain at once.

Even though it is a body, its power is beyond the basic rules.

He said that he is not a person who can be filled with just the difference in circumstances.

an unreasonably high-level presence

So was the world's number.

If the existence itself is a huge force, I think it would be hard for Davy to be a world number.

"If you don't stop the world's numbers with the interference of the Spirit King, you can't even deal with them..."

She only knew the news that Davy had entered the forest of the elf and had lost the world, but had no idea what she did in it.

I had no choice but to.

It was a while ago that Aina returned to the Hines estate.

In fact, it was almost a coincidence that they found out about the world number and the attack of the agent guard and prevented it.

This was the result of feeling familiar and creepy atmosphere on the way back to the land.

"Why are you here?"

World Sue gave a gracious smile to Aina's cold question.

He was interested in the man who took two of her children. I'm in a good mood for women. Hani, back off. Even if you leave my arms, you are a child of the same forest as others. I don't want to let you sacrifice your life to protect a human being that doesn't matter how much you die.]

Aina bit her teeth when Igdrasil, the world's number of people, said as if it had been decided.

I don't know how powerful the body is, but it's never good to run into Davy.

It was a difficult problem.

If you block it, you die.

If you open the street, Davey will die.

I didn't follow him enough to save Davy's life.

But it was also true that there was no one else to solve her wish if it wasn't

Above all.

For Aina Helishana, world numbers were just one of the hateful beings.

It wasn't a slanted Libra in the first place.

The decision was quicker than I thought.

"I refuse. I can't let you do him any harm."