170 # 170

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 19 of the Seven Books

At first, it was a little dark, but gradually clear in the video, I saw a male elf standing with his small child with his eyes closed as if he fainted, and an elf with his back on his back.

Elder congee, we have Mew.]

[Good job. This is how we all find our place. No matter how Yurya Helishanara is, there is no way to successfully summon the entire forest where the entire forest is contaminated?]

His presence with a grim smile was none other than the Elder Condae.

[But Elder... no matter how harps you are, you still have a baby...]

[Oh, you can't hear me?] That's why young people are so... ..that I couldn't even imagine such an outcry. As soon as you disobey it, your earring would have gone off.]

[......I see.]

Don't forget that my meaning is that of the Son of the World and the Holy Tree.]

an inconsequential escort

A fox with the power of a criminal on its back.

[Oh... I see]

An elf young man, who frowned in embarrassment, looked at Mew, a sleeping girl who was wearing it on his side without a word.

"Yes, if you are to blame, you are to blame for going against the will of the Son of the World and of the Holy Tree."

The video was cut off when he threw Mew into the middle of the swamp, the source of pollution.

Conduit, which provided the cause of the sudden increase in pollution, pretended to know nothing about it and came back here.

"The nose... ...the Elder Con-dae. What the hell is this......"

"This... this."

The elves looked at the congee with dismayed expressions, and the congee was flustered with a perplexed.

"Davie, do you appreciate Lünne's ability to screen?"

"Yes, highly appreciated."

"More and more demanding praise."

Lünne had her hands on her waist, spread out her feeble chest, and had a gleaming face.

I grinned at the way he demanded praise so proudly.

"Yes, good job."

"More... ...more and more praise! They demand material praise, too!"

"Stop it."

"Chew."

He kicked his tongue and stared at the stand.

"Do you still have something to say? Dirty traitor."

Although he was eager to deal with the mue whenever he had time, it was completely different to throw a life-rich child into the source of pollution on purpose to accelerate forest pollution.

Elder Condae shouted incredibly at the cold words of Yuri.

"That's... that's impossible! This is a setup! It's a setup! How dare you accuse the elder of... ..khhhhhhhhhhhhhh?!

The retribution was quick.

An arrow pierced his shoulder in an instant.

"If you had left like that and Miss Lünne had not come forward and rescued her, Mue would have died. Do you understand?"

He was silent at the outraged cry of the Yuri. Then he rolled his eyes around and looked at the other elves.

a shocked look

an expression of expectation

However hard it may be, it seems that he has done so much.

"No matter how hard it is..."

"What the hell did you do? Elder congee."

Eventually, Elder Condae, who gave up on taking them away, shouted in a fit of anger.

"All the causes are you! This wouldn't have happened if you hadn't gone against the will of the world! You betrayed and disobeyed the world!"

"So?"

"What's wrong is you who rejected the will of the world!"

At his feet, Yuri smiled cheerfully.

"Well said. This is the will of the world."

She, who spoke calmly, declared with relief.

"Then, the people of the Moon Forest here will no longer recognize the world number. I will reject all the same old customs of the number of the world."

a declaration of independence

In a sense, a declaration of war fell from her lips.

Do you remember my promise to keep even if you become the world's number and enemy?

I burst into laughter at the hot declaration.

* * *

"Well... you know what you mean?"

Elder Condae gritted his teeth and asked.

"Oh, I don't know that."

"You dare to join hands with that vulgar, ugly race in defiance of the 300-year-old tradition?" Betraying our noble elves?!"

"Be careful what you say! Condae."

Without the title of the elder, Yuri stared at him coldly.

"We're not the ones who betrayed Elf. You're the world's best man."

the elf's oldest tradition

The underage elf must be protected.

It was either half or pure blood.

They accepted the blood of the Elves, and as long as they lived in Elves' village, minor elves had to be protected without discrimination.

He closed his mouth at the cold stroke of the glass.

"What did Mew do wrong? What did you do wrong? That kid, he lived alone because he didn't have friends."

"......."

"Do you understand how lonely that little kid was, that he would first approach the human being, the one he should have been most wary of, and show them the treasure?"

Some elves lowered their eyes at her words.

They also knew that they had the fault of neglecting Mew.

"He was so lonely that he became a friend, not an elf, but a member of a different race who was happy to be friends, and he boasted for hours to the dumb spirit. He took me home and showed me the treasure he never showed anyone else!"

"......."

"Do you deserve to say that because you're ugly or selfish about other people?"

Every intelligent body, elf or human, had different ideas and ideas for each individual.

There were good men and evil men.

The elves have been stuck with self-love and closed-door policy for too long.

"Mo... ..everything according to the law of the Elves..."

"If that's the E.L.F.'s law, I will no longer remain an E.L.F. or a High E.L.F. priest."

Her words were shocking, but no one could open their mouths.

"If this is true..."

"No matter how many times the world turns out to be, this is too much."

"What the hell are we..."

Frustrated with shame, loss and shock, the elves could not easily escape the panic.

"The Moon Forest here will move on to a relationship that is not part of the world's number, which is close cooperation with Prince Davy's estate of Hines, and unrepressed freedom and common sense. Is there anyone you don't want?"

Everyone shook their heads at her firm question.

"I will abide by your decision."

"For God's sake... ...shameful as an elf!"

"This is ridiculous. I put up with it when I kicked the little boy out of the way, but this...

They were moved to tears to see Mue sleeping on Lünne's back.

"We are proud elves! They came after you because they didn't like those who stick to tradition! I would rather join hands with a human being if I were a world-class person who couldn't see the problems before my eyes because of the lack of self-love!"

"I will, too!"

"That's right! Who do you trust if you don't trust anyone who summons the King of Spirits?"

a peculiar custom of believing one's opponent in the art of the spirit

As they began to shout one by one, most elves agreed with Yuri's opinion.

It is not a conclusion to believe in Yuri, but a conclusion to be made by oneself, facing reality.

That's what Yuri wanted to give to the people of this forest.

She's more than I thought. I know that even a little mistake would have cost me my life.

At Persek's words, I put my finger next to Mew's neck, which Lünne had brought.

"I've lost my life is gone."

"Lunne, acknowledge your mistake. "We got it quickly, but we ran out of life."

"It's okay. It's better if you're under the spell of recovery, eat well, and rest well."

I'm sorry for this child, but it was like using a muu for me and Yuri.

One day this child might grow up and look back on what happened and blame me.

"I can't... I can't raise my head to Muuu anymore."

She murmured gloomily whether Yuri knew the fact well.

The red-blooded eyes were filled with tears as if they would shed tears right away.

"I had to close my eyes and wait to get rid of these traitors, even though I knew it was dangerous."

Uria, who came to my side to lightly raise her divine power and cast a recovery spell, hugged Mew.

"I'm sorry... I'm sorry, mue."

"Wow... ..."

At the same time, Muu briefly tossed and opened his eyes to see if he regained consciousness as his exhausted vitality was restored.

Then slowly, he looked at Yuri and tilted his head.

"Why are you crying..."

"I'm sorry. I'm sorry, mue... ...I'm so sorry. Even though I knew you would be in danger... I... ...I dragged you into a dirty battle of influence."

As YU RI began to cry sadly, Mew hugged YU RIA and patted her back with teary eyes.

"Yeah...yeah, don't cry. Whenever Mew cried, she patted me on the back. Then, Mew shed tears."

"Muu......"

"Mu-Woo really likes you."

The smile finally made Yuri cry and hugged her.

As I turned my head quietly, I saw the devil, who was silent with tears in his eyes.

"Oh, you're so sentimental.'

You're just too skinny.

'I'm not in a good mood either.'

Then I sighed and looked at Noah, the Spirit King, who purifies the forest, scattering his enormous presence.

"Mew."

"Wow... Uncle?"

Mew, you said you wanted to see Noah, right?"

She wiped away her tears and nodded at my words.

"Well, shall we have a good look?"

"Wow. Noah! Is Noah friends with Mew, too?"

When she said so with an innocent face, I looked at Noah, the Spirit of Ziggo, who was silent.

I thought that if I refused, I would force him to listen.

However, such an idea seemed to have been groundless.

[Pure soul] It's very clear. The earth welcomes the pure soul anytime.]

This bloody king of Fedophelia...

"They say Noah is good, too. By the way, don't move. Every time I move, the mana flies too much."

A bewildered look flew in from around my words.

Spirit Monk annoys the King of Spirits, saying, "Don't move unnecessarily because of poor fuel efficiency."

They were also more perplexed as they were not ordinary spirits but spirits kings.

[I refuse, I know it's a bluff, contractor] There is no way you can't handle my modern power.

"Wow!"

Mew, who had been jumping up and down, soon found Noah, the giant of the earth, which was a huge body, and exclaimed curiously.

"Wow... ...Ditaker! Oh, it's huge!

As he ran excitedly and tapped Noah's huge foot here and there, Noah, who had put one hand into the ground, began to move the other hand slowly.

Then he slowly picked up the mue and put it on my shoulder and moved a huge figure.

Don't move, you punk.

With my irritated eyes, Noah moved more and more spectacularly, entertaining the mue.

Looking at it like this, I felt like a grandfather giving a horse a ride to a child.