171 # 171

The Manreb hero is coming back!

seven volumes and twenty volumes

First contractor, your wishes have come true.

He said the forest has been cleared.

It was a huge amount of pollution that took several days to dozens of days for a top-class spirit, but the king of spirits, also called nature itself, had the power to return everything to its original state in a very short period of time.

"Well done, Noah. Let's ask for a smaller size next time. It's so big that I have a sore throat hurts."

You have never summoned a spirit. But he called me out.]

The reason why the king was called out immediately without the sequential summoning method of the government-run corporation was actually simple.

"It's because of the essence of the Spirit King that your contractor, the Queen of Spirits, made me."

[Did he really make things out of his mouth?]]

It's exactly what was made in the corridor since her death. It seemed beneficial not to let the Spirit Queen Yuriana know she was alive by herself.

Intermediate and higher spirits from lower spirits.

It is impossible for me to omit all this intermediate process.

So I used a bead with the power of King Spirit.

objects classified as transcendental

It was the essence of King Jeongsu, an object that had a great influence just by being on the consumable topic.

An object that ignores any existing restrictions and invokes and contracts the highest spirits.

I signed a contract with Noeanen, the highest spirits of the land.

It takes quite a while to achieve a fairy tale, but if you cheat, you can call the top spirits king right away.

The capabilities required by all those actions were up to me.

Of course, it's always true that knowing the truth is amazing and hard to believe.

"I can't believe... I can't believe I'm the real king of spirits. I never thought I'd actually see the Spirit King in my life."

"I told you. It's like this."

"If it's known that there's such a thing in the world, it's going to be a disaster."

I laughed bitterly at her words.

If possible, it would be better to keep quiet the fact that there are still 12 more integers left in the subspace.

If it's not a polluted forest like this, you can aim for the King of Spirits without complicating it.

* * *

The summoning of the Spirit King, not even the highest spirits.

The short revolt of the conservatives was quickly overpowered.

At a time when the E.T. Guard also fell off in one shot and it became difficult to find the body, there was no intention to remain.

"Empathy for grace."

The Dwarves say it's a teacher, but on this side it's a silver bullet...

Sitting on a tree stump in the quiet forest where Mueu's house was, Yuri took out a little bead and stuck it out to me.

It was the bead that Elder Condae took out to subdue me.

"The bead of the Ancient Spirit. An ancient nameless spirit bead that has the power to forcibly replace all other forces with a spirit mana. I didn't think he even had this..."

Without hiding the embarrassment, she sighed.

"Maybe it was to keep you in check."

"I suppose so."

When the bead is activated, most of the power, such as mana and divine power, is forcibly replaced by the spirit mana.

Of course, it was an object that wouldn't be very effective to me without the King of Spirits, but as a result, it was able to have an overwhelming effect against the general Sodemaster.

When I raised my hand to the marble she handed me without a word began to lift Manna, the marble began to vibrate very faintly.

Despite its usefulness, the bead fluctuated as if it were alive.

Then, for a moment, someone's voice came straight into my head.

Chaos! Destroy! Disappointed! Hahaha! Click, click, click! Hahahaha!]

"......."

I quickly threw the bead on the table and clicked my tongue.

As expected, it seems that the spirit of the Spirit Queen Yuriana was not the only one who had the personality.

"How much do you know about the kinds of spirits?"

She tilted her head to my question.

"What kind? Isn't the 6th Spirit the end? The four basic attributes and spirits of light and darkness. I'm not bragging, but I'm contracting with Undain, a senior spirit of light and water."

"Kao's."

I murmured briefly at her words.

"Kao......s?"

It is a marble containing Chaos, the upper spirit of Chaos. I don't know what kind of crazy guy sealed it, but it's a thing that's sealed in a bead alive."

"The Spirit of Chaos..."

Chaos, the upper spirit of chaos.

Kao's ability was simple.

It was Chaos who turned all the power of the area into his own.

"There are 13 kinds of spirits in total. You didn't know, did you?

"Oh, my God... that's shocking knowledge again. I've never heard of such a story when I looked through ancient books."

She picked up the bead with her eyes wide open.

She might as well have it because she doesn't seem to hear the crazy voice coming from that bead.

"You keep it. Until one day I can free the madman in there."

"Mi...is he crazy?"

"If you can summon a really top-class spirit, you'll probably hear it. Check out why you called me crazy then."

She nodded as she pondered over my words.

"It's like you've declared war on the world leader."

She chuckled a smile.

"You'll protect us, right?"

"Seeing you do."

She smiled contentedly at my mischievous remark.

"I will do my best to keep you from being disappointed."

I don't know anyone else, but everything I have is yours now.

I mumbled the last words very little, but they reached my ears clearly.

I'm sorry, but it's easy to draw that much force without the Spirit King.

Sometimes ignorance was a medicine.

* * *

with a slurping.

The forest where the pollution disappeared and found its old beauty again.

The spirits roamed through the calm forest were surprised by the popularity they felt while grazing and scattered everywhere.

Then, a blue-clad woman who appeared in the calm grass slowly gathered her hands together to sign and briefly recite the spirit.

[La Purcella]]

At the same time as the spirit of the elf's Gore, a small hologram began to slowly appear in front of her eyes.

"I see my mother of vegetation."

"Hooh, how was your trip?"

The woman looked more down when she heard a relaxed yet benevolent voice.

"I'm sorry. The mission failed. And... the mummy is dead."

"Dead?"

The woman's eyes wiggled in the three-dimensional image.

"I didn't even think about it. You set a trap. Although he blind faith in the beads of the ancient spirits used by the elder congee, humans took advantage of it to forcibly control the power and call out the king of the spirits."

The white figure that appeared in the video began to laugh at the woman's words.

"Cook...Cook. That's a masterpiece. Don't tell me, I never thought what I saw was true."

"What did you see?"

"No, I've seen a monster that can't exist in common sense. Yeah, I'm glad you were alive. I don't think he noticed your existence."

"I'm sorry. I think I just sent it to you."

There was silence in her report.

"Boldly, I will test a woman..."

The figure of a white woman shook her head toward the woman who bowed her head.

"Come back to your mother's arms. I'll leave it alone for a while."

"You're not going to make an additional punitive force?"

A runaway daughter eventually returns to her parents. Someday you'll find out that everyone was in the palm of a woman."

"I'll be very clear. O world watch."

A quiet answer slowly lifted her up.

However, I didn't know the two people who were talking. The fact that the person who was watching it from afar turned around without hesitation.

* * *

You said Dwarf is a teacher.

Elves were given a different title.

"Eungong! It's a color fruit, a specialty of our forest that cleans our blood. Make sure your mother brings it to the silver."

"No, what's all this?"

A young elf boy scratched the back of his head as he smiled heavily and ignored it.

"Elf... no, the people of the forest on our moon will never forget your kindness. Even more if it's the one who saved Yuri."

"I've heard everything from Yuri. The only thing that's contaminated the forest in the meantime..."

Boom.

Grinding his teeth, a male elf blushed his eyes.

The method chosen by conservatives, or congee, to accelerate pollution, was simple.

They disguised themselves as accidents and treated them regularly as missing, accidental, and threw them into the forest's rampant source of pollution, alive or not long after they died.

"My daughter died three months ago when she met a monster in the woods. I was happy just to see him because he was about to get married."

But it's not like that, but he was killed by the dark greed of the Elder Condae and the New Mok.

"I just wanted to say this. I'm sorry that I was wary of you because I was a human being, and... ...and I really appreciate you helping us to avenge our lack of strength."

"Oh, well! I didn't do anything. I got the wrong number."

"Haha, I didn't expect you to be so humble. It's completely false to say that all human beings that have been passed on are ugly and selfish."

It's true.

"But if you hadn't helped us, we'd all be dead."

"That's right. I heard it later. They said they were going to take you back to the shrine and kill all of us here. To the Elves who go against tradition... ...to die.It's more."

As a result, I got four things in a single attempt thanks to the old Mr. Condae.

He showed all his hostility and ended up in prison for giving it away generously.

Ah, Elder Kondae. What the hell are you...

The issue of the disposal of the Elder Condae, who has completely lost his fighting spirit and is imprisoned, and conservative radical elves who have been promoting forest pollution along with him, has been quite noisy.

When the elves found out that my family had been victimized unfairly, they wailed and appealed to me to avenge them, and most of those who did not agree with their opinions not to let the conservatives who betrayed the forest and tried to kill them live.

But Yuria couldn't make the decision easily.

"Well, think about it. Kill them all."

Mew's old residence, which has moved to the village.

A small garden located on the outskirts of a village with a wooden hole suitable for a small child to live alone.

I took a sip of the tea made from slime's body fluid and said to Yuria, who was agonizing over sitting on a tree stump.

I thought it was a big deal because this damn mysterious taste was unexpectedly addictive, but my hands were already heading toward the teacup.

"It's a little bit bitter."

"Oh, dear."

I was confident that I would answer her question decisively.

"Sparity is when your situation is relaxed. A bandit came in and pushed a knife in front of you, and if you attack someone, you'll be the same person."

Idiots with illogical beliefs give them a chance to bite again.

In fact, the elder Con-dae, who lost his fighting spirit and was arrested, repeated only one word as if he were out of his mind.

'I didn't do anything wrong. Everything was just a sacrifice for the cause!'

"If you tell me, I'll follow you."

She was the head of the forest, but now the inhabitants of the forest, including her, have become permanent residents of the Hines estate.

That's why she seemed to reflect many of my opinions.

"It's good to take out all the liver and gallbladder, but don't forget what you asked for."

She looked at me with surprise at my words.

a life of common sense

And

a free life

"You've become a servant of Hines, not a slave."

"Then I'll banish them..."

"Kill me."

"Oh, you're so energetic, okay."

I sighed at the appearance of his acceptance so succinctly.

No, it wasn't.

"Fear politics is a dangerous political method, but the old politics, which does not require minimal order, is shaky at the old times."

"That's... ..."

"History has proven it. Remember, a leader is a beggar who has to be tough sometimes."

That's why I kicked the throne of the Lounge Kingdom.

History proves why kings of Korea and Joseon Dynasty were short-lived.

At my words she clenched her fist and sighed briefly.

"That's right. I might have been fooling around in front of you several times younger."

The age of the soul will be different in reversely.

"By the way, how do we settle the accounts? The one that the silversmith smashed."

asked her, smiling brightly and sweeping down Mueu's cheeks asleep in her arms.

"You'll take care of it, right?"

A beautiful Elf woman sucking her finger and holding a sleeping little child in her arms and asking for responsibility...