176 # 176

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 25 of the Seven Books

So that ordinary people who can't make ends meet can enjoy it. Open the door of opportunity.

It would be a boon for me to move in that way in the land of Hines.

"But, Deung-ha, I hear you've made a bet with Dwarf and the Elves."

"Too much competition between the two can deepen the goal. It's a good season."

"But... it's expensive jewelry that Monica calls for when it's on the market."

"Don't worry. It's not just charity work. We're ready for this side, too."

"The... ..bomb mana... ..you mean."

"Are you worried?"

"How can I doubt what he's doing what he's doing?"

It is the opinion of those who follow me, including General Bernil, that if I produce more than imagined results every time, I will have no choice but to believe in myself.

"I don't care if you win or lose, Monica, if you make it again."

It takes a year to make one, but it is a failure that overflows the subspace.

"Huhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh"

Even though he heard it in his own ear, General Bernil laughed in vain.

"This is not a common opportunity, so why don't you take a look at the festival at the Bernil Market as well."

He smiled faintly at my suggestion and shook his head.

"Aimee, she's been through a lot. Degradation. If not this time, when will you let me relax?"

It is necessary to be responsible for the large and small problems of the land. Originally, Amy did it, but it was the opinion of General Bernille that she wanted to give Amy a honey-like break this time.

"Thanks for taking care of me. I guess I've been too indifferent to Amy."

Still, he followed me and took care of me when I was in a coma.

"She's a brilliant child, though she's always been short, short and hard. It's the only joy this old man has in his old age. However, you must be a little tired because you've been working so hard lately. If it's not then, when will you let me rest?"

"Yes, I'll respect you if you do. However, make sure to enjoy the festival one day. It's an order to not know how the festival is going."

He nodded quietly at my words.

"I'll take your orders."

As I was leaving the room, I glanced out of the window at the bright light of the territory.

"So? Aren't you going to go look?"

Illina, who was looking at me dreally, asked me curiously.

"I have to go, because I can't help but keep my word to him."

Then I opened the drawer and took out something in my hand.

"Huh? If you go? Why not?"

"There shouldn't be anyone who recognizes me and bothers me. From now on, I am David, not Davy."

"You're funny."

Her expression was very pleasant, even though she looked ridiculous.

"Drawing a line on a pumpkin makes a watermelon? It's just a little cumbersome."

"Shall we quit?"

"Well, which prince, may I ask for an escort?"

After stepping lightly on the window, she turned around and asked playfully.

"At least I won't regret it."

Whether it's a mine festival or a spirit rite. Whether it's the finale I prepared.

* * *

Is it because the whole land is excited about the festival?

There was a more bustling feeling than usual due to a larger crowd than expected, but the order was better than expected.

Dwarf's Mine Festival was a pride festival for Dwarf, who had been preparing his works for a long time.

Of course, most of those artworks and masterpieces were caught in the exhibition hall, so the streets outside were filled with Dwarf's unique food, pubs, or gambling places to enjoy.

Numerous artworks that decorate the streets stimulate the eyes, and Dwarf-specific food and alcohol stimulate the nose.

Because it is a warp that likes hot food, I could see some places that made my mouth watery just by looking at it.

He gave an extraordinarily excited look among people who were amazed by the landscape, which is different from ordinary humans.

"De, Davy! Look at this!"

She took my hand and ran, and she opened her eyes wonderfully round when she saw a huge boar being baked whole.

"The gloss is not normal. I've seen a lot of people cook whole roasts for the training of the knights, but this is a special grade!"

I asked Dwarf, the man who was wearing an apron, at the sight of her sparkling eyes.

"How much?"

"Huh?"

The man Dwarf, who raised his head to my question, squinted his eyes.

"What's wrong with you?"

"No! You're not a teacher!"

"What do you mean, sir? What do you mean?"

He tilted his head curiously at my answer.

Then, as if he understood something, he let out a faint exclamation and his head.

"Oh, you're a nice couple! Welcome! Five silvers in human currency on one plate! I can decide on the taste, what would you like?"

Five silver.

In fact, they played on a gold coin basis, but considering the price here, it's a normal price.

"Well... this ultra-violence name is very unique. What is it?"

It was Illina who answered that there were many sources.

"Hmm? Oh, he's very strong! I'll never forget it easily after I eat it. But humans can't stand this intense taste, how about this normal taste? It's pretty plain."

The desire to win is on fire for a moment.

"Ultra Violence!"

Dwarf looked at me in surprise at the sight of her emphatic cry.

The feelings in the gaze were worrying.

"Are you sure you're okay, sir.

"You've got the wrong person."

In my answer, Dwarf smiled and said nothing.

However, as Dwarf said, I asked as if it was a warning to my old age.

"It must taste stronger than I thought. Can you eat it?"

"Of course! I have a stomachful of anything I can eat."

Can you say that even if you put a live bug in front of you?

"You'll regret it."

She cringed at my threatening question, but her eyes were filled with desire to win.

"It's me who ate Western food with a strong aroma, don't look down on the single woman of the Palan Empire."

There seems to be no problem just by looking at his confident answer.

However, she had no idea how intense Dwarf's specialty was.

It's like beating your tongue mercilessly!

There is something that is difficult to adapt to the spicy taste of Dwarf by the standards of people in the eastern and central continents who usually have cat tongues.

"Hahahaha! It might be a little too spicy."

At Dwarf's words, who handed over a plate with a smile on his face, Illina gulped down the meat on the plate and dipped it into a fork.

From the point of view of the Hwangs, who have had an antique meal, such a cheap meal may be a little objection, but she looked full of expectations about what was so enjoyable.

Then, sitting down, with a nervous face, he slightly pushed the cooked meat into his mouth.

What do you think will happen?'

I would scream if I didn't have a unique taste like you.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Dwarf's favorite spicy taste boasts the highest level of spiciness among Korean food, which was the country of my previous life.

Transparent tears formed on her eyes, clenching their fists and clenching their teeth.

I want to scream and roll around the floor right now, but I'm forced to endure it because of my dignity and pride.

It was ridiculous to look at me grudgingly with tears forming.

* * *

"Laugh! Are you all right?"

"It's okay... It's okay."

"Illina was forced to manage her facial expression, but her face turned red because of the spicy taste."

I had already tried the strong taste when I went to the Yellow Rock tribe.

"You see, I thought I would."

"It's okay... It's okay! And you try it!"

Before I could react, I took a piece of meat and slid Manna up, accustomed to her behavior of pushing it into my mouth.

Then, they simultaneously sang the will so that no one could hear it.

[Senior General of Perception]

[Slow Smells]

Spicy is pain in a sense.

These two magic spells...

"Well, it's delicious."

"Eh... That's ridiculous. Are you a human?!"

Unlike the frightened Illinois, Persec, who knew what I had done, squinted at me.

You're such a swindler.

It's his fault for being deceived.

Spicy taste is what comes back even if the spicy taste disappears immediately once you taste it.

As soon as I felt better, the spicy taste that came back again made her break my arm with a stiff face and held it firmly.

Tears welled up in my eyes as I was so forced to hold it in.

"Eh...I had a good meal! De, Davy, let's go."

"Hahahahahaha! Teacher! Play it again next time! I'll treat you to the taste of my family's vision, hyper-violence!"

It's not a teacher.

Dwarfs recognize me as if they don't care about me when I go.

It is true that it is not a mask used to deceive them in the first place, but it was so natural that I felt despondent.

Dwarf's festival was more lively and diverse than expected.

"Hey! The Elves are doing a spiritual dance!"

"The Spirit? What is that?"

"I heard it's a dance with spirits. They were all over the place because it was amazing."

I suddenly found a familiar face when I saw mercenaries who came to watch the festival scurrying.

"Mr. Golda?"

"Hmm? Aren't you a teacher?"

I'm wearing a mask. How do you know?

"Well, you've got the wrong person."

"Laugh out loud! If your teacher says so, you must be! How about this? Would you like to try this?"

Strolling proudly in a large stall, he pulled out a large box as if he had waited.

"What's this?"

"Dwolf's specialty! Random box! Pick one of the many balls in here. If you win, you'll get a shot at it's a shot! Some of them cost tens to hundreds of gold in the market value of the human continent. What's more surprising is that there's no fault! What do you think? Isn't that tempting?"

"Well... how much is it for a single printout?"

"I'll give my teacher a good deal. Two silvers per unit.

Two silvers per piece. The contents are unknown, but the reward of a thousand dollars is hidden.

'This is so...'

gambling boxes only seen in games

He also looks like a dwarf who likes to gamble.

"Oh, oh, oh! The Dwarf Emperor's Miss Lille is a plated sword! That's awesome!"

At that time, a man cheered and drew attention.

"Look at this! You glossy! It's definitely authentic!"

"Oh, oh, oh!"

"I... I'll try it."

"Two silvers... ...and it's not that expensive."

As the sight of a mercenary shouting at God began to flock here and there, Golda talked to me, giggling about what was so fun.

"Look, what do you say? Would you like to try? The odds are out of line."

At the words of Elder Golda, Illina was looking at the box with half-hearted eyes as if it had already fallen.

"Two silvers a piece... 50 golds..."

I pulled her hand without a word at the quiet murmur.

Once you fall in love with that gambling, you become a dog pig of capitalism."

You even have a good appearance as a windman.

Elder Golda giggled at my subsequent words.

"You really won't regret it. Well, I'll give you about 10 free times for my service."

The word made my mouth water.

"Haha, Elder Golda, this is Davey. Do you think I'll fall for that?"

"Burst out loud!"

I am not the one to be fooled by such sweet talk.

Have you ever experienced how humans can be stuck on the floor with a gambling random box in your previous life?

We cannot repeat such a mistake again.