177 # 177

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the first installment of the eight volumes.

There's no end to human greed.

"Davie... ...stop. You've already poured three golds. Are you crazy? There's no more ball to pull. Stop it!"

Repeat the same mistake.

"One more time... ..huh?"

The basket in front of me was piled up with open beads.

I was staring blankly at the basket and when I stared at the elder Golda, he giggled and showed me the list.

"The teacher has so many picks, I will bring everything from the beads separately."

"Oh, my God, what did I done?"

Perhaps because he played games so many times in his previous life, he was caught up in the harmful effects of gambling.

"Hu-yu~ What a great performance! Hahahahahahahahaha!"

"We'll see, Elder Golda."

"Hmm! The choice was made by my teacher. No bite!"

He hugged a basket of coins like a straw, and a despondent smile came out.

"By the way, is your teacher on a date?"

Illina gasped embarrassingly at his question.

"Hahahaha! Well, what's wrong with him? There's an exhibition hall made by artisans in front of us! It may fall short of the standard of the teacher, but there are many works of art on display, so take a look."

I just nodded silently at his suggestion.

Most of the Dwarf exhibitions, regardless of their quality, often win with the artistic sense or delicacy of Dwarf.

Is that why?

Illina couldn't take her eyes off seeing accessories and various artworks that were hard to see in the public.

"Wow...wow, this is..."

I'm sure you've seen many beautiful things since you're an imperial family.

Illina kept saying exclamations to see if she could speak properly.

Exclamations and exclamations flowed from all sides.

The items on display at the mine festival did not disappoint everyone who came to see them, as noted in the book of the mine's best-selling book.

It was enough to captivate the faces of those who watched the magnificent exhibits without mercy.

"Oh, my teacher! Are you here?"

Elder Golgotha.

He smiled when he sighed naturally at the sight of recognizing me as if there was nothing but no mask.

Welcome! I knew you'd find our Dwarf first! Hm! Don't do this. Come on, eat! Since the masters of the yellow rock made it this time, the teacher will see some good things!"

"Ho-o"

"You think that's it? Do you remember Thor? The Black Rock tribe! He sent me a lot of art from the black rock side to see what he said."

"I could see some different styles of artwork, and I guess they were from the Black Rock tribe."

"Laugh! It's very merciful of you to recognize it at a glance! Oh, my God! What do you say? Will the teacher also show up for next year's mine festival?"

"That's good."

It was as the elder Golgotha's boastful remarks, who giggled to see if the small victory was pleasant.

Just like the Dwarfs who have been making their works for this day for a long time, they are looking at the things that contain their souls, making me think about making something new.

"Wow... I've never seen a mermaid's tears so welled..."

Illina, who was looking at the jewels with sparkling eyes and pretty blue, had a very small desire for the eyes.

I want to have it.

Make you want to have it.

But she didn't show any more than that.

Nevertheless, he could not take his eyes off easily.

"......"

She looked at the glass coffin without a word, and I came to her side and looked at the elder Golgoda with a loving smile.

"Thanks."

"How do you know if I even wore it when I went there?"

"Huhhhhhhhhhh, why don't you cover the sky with your palm? I'm ready for what you asked."

Then he stuck out a small box.

"We have repeatedly heated and cooled it down for exactly 152 hours, as my teacher said."

At his words, I stared silently at the box he gave me with a grin.

"By the way, is this the beautiful Imperial Lady?"

"What?"

"Laugh!! When you're young, you jump into relationships with men and women! When I was a kid, didn't I knock off six of my men to win my wife?"

He smiled for nothing, but shook his little finger as if he knew everything and went away.

"Davie, I think I've seen everything here. What are you doing?"

As I was rolling the box around silently, I raised my head at the call of Illina, who tapped me on the back.

Then he hid the box familiarly and slowly walked away.

"It's nothing."

"Come on, let's go! There's still a lot to see!"

Her smile did not fade away as if she had found a toy.

* * *

"Wow, you can see the land at a glance, right?"

Illina, who was looking around in a calm atmosphere, soon opened her eyes round with a view of Yeongji.

The highest terrain on the Hines estate, it was naturally a place with a clear view of the entire land.

And, in a sense, it was like my shelter where no one came.

It was also a place to cool down when the mind was complicated.

For this reason, many of the structures here were installed according to my standards and preferences.

Even a hammock, a pavilion, and a large wooden chair installed so that you can sit relaxed and look down at the territory.

"And there's no one here."

"This is a restricted area for now."

Illina twirled around and looked around to see if the silence of my words had slowly adjusted.

And I took out the watch I took out from my arms and checked the current time.

"It's about time."

"Time?"

"Yes, time to write what I asked you to do."

At what I said, she poked her head as if she had realized something.

"So you bought a lot of flare brake stones from the Palan Empire. In the name of using it for festivals."

Her expression frown complicatedly.

"I still don't understand. Honestly, I've taken it as a sodmaster, but... ...the flare-breakstone is an extremely strict export."

Dozens of people can die even if used by a small child.

As the possibility of being used for a terrible terror attack is high, money cannot be saved.

Of course, in my case, I used the power of Illinois to skip the interim process, but it would be quite difficult if even Ilyana herself didn't know where it was used.

"So? Where in the world are you going to use the explosives?"

To her question, I answered lightly, looking down at the territory under the observatory.

"What should I use for, I'll pop it all."

"T...T...Turn it off?"

Yes, if you have an object that explodes, then it will be best to explode it.

"What! Are you really going to explode all that bomb mana in that square?!"

"No."

Then I pointed to the sky.

"I'm going to pop it over there."

"Ha......always?"

"It's going to be hard to see. Look carefully."

Then he gathered his index finger and middle finger, covered one ear and opened his mouth.

"Can you hear Lünne?"

[Davie?]

It was not long before Lünne's voice rang out in his head.

"Are you ready?"

[Decepticon Squadron] Lünne's proud successors, highly appreciated for their thorough readiness.]

"All right."

It was Illina, who looked suspicious as I began to mutter into the air with nothing.

It`s time for the finale. Let's start the flowers in the sky."

[Accept command.]

"Flower of the Sky?"

"I know when I see it."

The concept of fireworks clearly exists in the Tionis Continent.

but

PING! PING PING!

The technology is not good enough to reproduce the Earth's modern fireworks.

Illina tilted her head to the light sources that were shot one by two in each of the territories.

"That's..."

"Flare Brake Stone.":

Red, blue, gold, etc.

Illina, who was curious about the sight of all the various light sources shooting high into the sky, opened her eyes when she heard the identity of those light sources flowing out of my mouth.

"What?! Are you crazy?! What did you think would happen if the flare-breakstone went off, so you shot it into the air?!"

"Don't worry, just watch."

Illina gazed annoyingly at the sky at my relaxed behavior.

Poof!!!

Boom!

Then he tries to look at me annoyingly again. I turned to the sky in surprise.

At the same time, her eyes opened wide.

"That's... what..."

It looked as if he had painted a picture in the sky.

The light source shot high into the sky went up to a certain height and exploded on its own, becoming a huge particle of light and embroidered the sky.

The shape of a flower, the shape of an animal.

The types and colors are all different, but one is the same for everyone.

To have a fascinating beauty

Illina, who had been angry just a while ago, couldn't take her eyes off as if she was already fascinated by the art of fireworks that embroidered the sky.

Peeing! Boom! It's burning!Clatting!!

After a lot of light powder spreads, it flashes and disappears on its own.

Apparently, it's a very short time of praise and short of life, but in that short time the flames have taken the eyes of countless people enough.

"What do you think?"

"Oh, my God... ...with the flare-breakstone, is that possible?"

"I didn't just use it, but I used it a little bit."

"Beautiful..."

It was a selfless admiration.

Satisfied with the successful display of fireworks, I soon took a small box out of my arms.

"Take it."

"Huh?"

"Gift, it'll help with the Mana cycle."

She opened the box with a questionable face and muttered, surprised once again.

"It's... ..."

There was simply a small sapphire jewel necklace in the box.

Simply sapphire-themed necklaces are quite simple and have a small presence, considering their scale so far.

In fact, one of the common gems you can get right away was the sapphire.

However, it was a little different.

Unlike other ordinary sapphires, a light blue light was rotating itself between the artistic designs.

"It's not just a sapphire. It's precious."

For a few days, he worked in an ignorant way to raise the temperature and cool it down quickly.

No madman would do such a thing to a necklace, but as a result, the common jewel, sapphire, has turned into a form that cannot be easily changed from anything else.

"Why are you giving it to me?

She looked up at me with trembling eyes.

So I told you about the simple purpose of this necklace.

"Bribery."