174 # 174

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 23 of the Seven Books

"Ah..."

Surprisingly, Winri was the first to exclaim.

"Beautiful."

The reflective mutter seemed to have no idea what was coming out of his mouth.

"Oh, thank you. Lady Winley."

"Oh... my lady?"

She opened her eyes after muttering quietly.

A pure beauty, and a little girl in her arms.

Winnie looked at me resentfully for what she was thinking.

"Oh, my God... no way!"

I frowned at the frightening voice.

"What are you thinking?"

A woman, or girl, who came in with a little child in a robe in her arms.

bright blue hair and emerald eyes that glow brightly

Her identity was none other than Yuri Helicana and Muu.

(chuckles) (chuckles)

"Oh, there was a passenger. I don't know that."

"Never mind."

At my words, she smiled sweetly and lowered the child she was holding in her arms, and the child ran to me with twinkling eyes.

"Ajeossi!"

"Oh, Mew, you're very chubby, unlike before. How are you?"

"No! Mew didn't gain weight! Noom and Makmak! Timmy and Ellie had a lot of fun, too! I've been running around a lot!"

There were four people who were suspicious of the way the child was coming out and quarreling.

Soon after, the hood of a little girl named Muu, who was struggling with me, came down and their accident was stopped.

"Huh?"

"I'm here to give you the results of the processing of conservatives, including Elder Condae. Besides, the road was pretty noisy."

"You've been running away for nearly two weeks on vacation, so it's going to be noisy."

"Cook."

Yuri looked down at the four people with round eyes.

"I haven't seen one of you in a while, but I haven't seen the other three in a while. Didn't you miss the tea I've made?"

Gilda opened her mouth slowly, her eyes wide open at her words.

He seemed to recognize her slightly changed appearance.

In fact, he was the only one who was quite familiar with Yuri, who was only a maid.

"Come on, you're not..."

"Let me introduce you officially. Hi-Elf. I'm Yuri Helishana, the head of the Moon Forest in the Great Forest. Eun-gong, I heard you're having a joint festival with Dwarf's Mine Festival."

"I did."

"Our Moon Forest will also participate. It's also the period of the spirit rite, and I was thinking about how to solve the mess left in the village."

Her words gave me a smirk.

"You're going to pull him right? You're out of the boat, aren't you?"

"Our Moon Forest Elves refused the World Water Pledge. Of course, the pledge of breaking off from the world set by the number of the world is meaningless. If you're the one who has to be exposed... ...I've decided that it's better to announce that you'really."

As she turned over the hood with a smile, everyone heard a breathtaking sound.

Her ears were longer than the ears of Mueu, who had just given me a mysterious atmosphere.

* * *

Elves who love nature and never want to destroy it.

And Dwarf loves fire and iron.

In a sense, there was no more field trip than these.

And they hated losing to each other.

"Ha! No matter what I say, it's our Dwarf who suggested this festival. Well, the forest geeks will show you some pretty amazing things, but you can't follow our Dwarf when you play! Do you think the elves who live on grass can play?"

"Oh, I'm looking forward to it. But intelligent creatures tend to flock when they see something new and interesting. Besides, just because you are a member of the forest, don't think you're touching a flower with all the grace. We don't have our own simple and colorful entertainment culture like dwarfs."

"Hooh, is that right?"

"That's right. The elves and the dwaffes are all meteoric reproduction. Did you think they'd just stay this way?"

"I look forward to it."

"I'm looking forward to the Dwarf festival, too."

"Laugh out loud!"

"Cook."

He smiles brightly and talks, but he seems like he's going to fight by the collar.

Come to think of it, both of you are old."

"Oh, my God, an elf who is still young and has a bright future like me can't be compared to someone so old and knowledgeable."

"Hahahahaha!! Elves, you've never been famous for being a race without aging! In fact, it may be wrinkled."

"There's no business in time, elf, not without aging, but I'm still young... oh, my God! Did you care about the wrinkles? "

Golgoda's eyebrows wiggled.

At the same time, Yuri's soft smile became brighter.

"Hahahahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh No matter what anyone says, nothing is more colorful and enjoyable than a mine festival. You'll see. We'll be the ones who get overwhelming approval ratings in this triathlon."

"Oh, I'm looking forward to it. Our Spirit Festival also has a beauty that can't be easily overcome by other races."

With a cracking sound of teeth, the elder Golgotha and Yuri looked at each other with a smiling face.

It's already causing ethnic conflict here. You guys don't understand what's going on.

"Hey guys, what are you doing?"

When asked with his tongue clenched, the two elves and Dwarf looked down on each other to see if they had realized each other's ugly behavior.

"Hmm! Uh... ..I think it was a little too much in the teacher."

"I'm sorry, Eun-gong. I was too presumptuous."

I stood up from my seat, staring at them silently, as if they were the wrong children.

"Do you know why humans occupy the largest number of positions on the continent?"

"That's... what do you mean?"

Elder Golgoda murmured curtly at my question.

"It's because they breed dirtily fast, and they'"

He's as hot and honest as Dwarf.

I didn't risk my life for nobility like the Elves.

"The festival, the fight for recognition."

"......."

"We're going to win that."

I was dumbfounded by the expressions of Yuri and Golgotha.

"It's not fun to just do it, is it? Where do you want me to prepare for it, do you want a prize?"

Then I hit the air and took out a peculiarly shaped jewel from it.

"That's... that.

"This is Monica. Isn't it awesome?

"Oh, my God! Monica!"

"Beautiful..."

Monica.

It was a gem that the meteorite fell and absorbed large quantities of mana and turned into a very low probability.

Just a beautiful jewel with no natural effect.

Nevertheless, among those who enjoy luxury, it was a treasure of love that could not be compared to the jewels such as Red Moon, which I had been to the royal court of Lindis the other day.

"This size would be a great price."

When discussing jewelry because it was so unrealistic, it was just a thing that was treated as a fantasy.

The reason why I have this, in fact, was simple.

They are the result of magic training.

These were made because of the elaborate training of putting super high heat and pressure on a simple rock mass and planting mana there.

It was true that jewelry was overflowing and overflowing only in the corridor, so it was not very important.

It was the market price to call if you sell it right away, but the reason I didn't sell it was because I was no longer in need of money.

When I was in need of money, the subspace did not open, so it was like a nuisance to me.

"Kkhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! We'll bet Sentinel, one of the town's twelve swordsmen!"

And then the elder Golgotha stands up.

Yuri's eyes twinkled as if she would not lose.

"Okay, then we'll put the tears of the spirits, one of the Elf's treasures that must be possessed for hundreds of years. I think they want the board to get bigger, but our elf is in favor of that too. Let's make it big."

"Hmm! The land is so big that you don't have to worry about the site! I'll gather more people to clean up my black rock tribe. 'Cause they're in debt, damn it!'

The board.

It has grown to a very desirable degree.

A fight for pride is sometimes scary.

Of course, I was only very appetizing to induce this situation.

The fact that it's either win or lose for me.

You're going to be very competitive and have a very fancy game.

It was impossible to hold a festival with a proper eye on it.

It had to be a big festival to the point that it would be a hot and very famous one.

Tourism income is never to be ignored.

The first advertisement is also important to empty the pockets of those who will visit the land in the future.

I couldn't be told that there was nothing to eat at the famous party.

In an instant, three items of merciless value popped out, and Winnie and Ullis seemed to just laugh in this unrealistic situation.

Uria and Golgotha seemed to have not noticed, but in the case of Elder Golda, Winley and Ulys, who were watching the scene, they seemed to have already noticed my intentions.

"Oh, my God..."

"David's way of scaling up is really incredible."

They were two people who gave up as if they were tired of being surprised.

Later, when Yuri asked for a personal interview, all the rest of the people left, saying they would come again later.

Among them, Golgoda, the head of Dwarf village, seemed motivated by what he thought.

From now on, what I had to talk to her was actually not good enough for others to know a lot.

"Personal interviews..." World number?"

"Yes, I'm sure you heard."

Rumor has it that people believed to be elves were seen in the western kingdom.

That would be a rumor spread by the elves, not humans.

"You'll be ready to come out to the world..."

"I was a little embarrassed because the response was faster than I thought. My teacher Medis, who just happened to hear from the village, decided to keep an eye on the situation there and let me know."

"Can you believe it?"

She smiled brightly when I asked her that thought suddenly.

"Yes, I don't know anyone else, but you're the only one I can trust in the New World. As a result, the existence of the elf will be revealed on all continents in a few months at the longest since the world number has decided."

"You're just a player."

"Yes. I heard that the title "first time" is quite important to humans."

Did it help you?

I nodded silently at her smile.

All of a sudden!

It was then.

The quiet window burst open and someone came into the window familiarly.

Since Lünne, who was taking care of Hongdan and Chengdan, who were tired of playing for a long time, would not have come in, there was only one windowbreaker left.

"Davie! I've got a lot of news!"

Now it was this unchallenged girl who went in and out of the window like her own house.

A girl with a cute and colorful blonde hair.

Prohibited octaves of the Palan Empire, which is currently the central continent and is called the Tionis continent's largest power.

It was Ilina de Palan.

"Make your visit official. You're not a thief, you're riding a window."

"Hey, what's the matter between us?"

"Are you all right?"

"Oh... well, there were some aftereffects left, but now it's okay."

Smiling at what was so much fun, she told me as if she had not found a glass savoring tea without a word on one side of the room.

"Davie, I heard that you were in a lot of trouble, but you can't imagine how ridiculous I was when you saw me go back to the Lounge Kingdom."

"That's what happened."

"Well... well, this is your job. I've got more interesting news than that. Would you like to hear it?"

It seemed as if he would say no.

"Fun news?"

"My father told me this story, and I thought you'd be interested in it."

Then he got off the window frame and she snapped off my skirt.

He was a simple man who could not be regarded as a royal family.

"Have you heard about the discovery of an elf-probably found in the western part of the continent?"

"I heard."

It's been a lot of fuss among the hosa people these days.

"As my father said, I've heard rumors that he's seen people who are believed to be elves in the western part of the continent. I think it's real."

"Really?"

"Really? Rani! Aren't you surprised? What an elf! Elves! Fairies from fairy tales! A race so beautiful and noble that no one can match!"

I nodded at her words.

"Caldiras said the elf was real, but it was hard to believe because he didn't show up."

"Is it that amazing?"

She yelled for granted at my question.

"Of course!"

At her answer, I opened my thumb, clenched my fist without a word, pointed to one side,

There was a yuriah there, savoring the tea and laughing as if the situation was funny.

"You wanted to see the various races living together in the Hines estate without discrimination. Shouldn't we thank them for giving us this much advanced information? It's like a new sword that's been placed in the middle of the bayonet."

She, who had been talking nonstop, turned her eyes reflexively to the direction where the tip of my thumb was pointing.

Then he discovered the slow-moving Yuri, who was savoring the tea, stopped talking and hardened.

"Advanced information, you don't need it."

I mumbled mockingly, but sadly, my words did not seem to reach the ear of Illinois.

"You just happened to be caught."

"D...Davie?"

Be a sacrifice that grows the plate of the confederation.

I'll sell anything if I can sell it when I need it.