189 # 189

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 13 of the 8

"If it's a sword sprinkled with the purification magic and holy water of the new building!"

"They say it didn't work. The purification magic of the new building was no longer effective because it was blocked by the special forces they were wielding. Besides...."

The biggest problem was the poison of death, where the hills spread breathing.

Usually, an undead's test-poison is effective when bitten.

However, in ordinary cases, it was a simple poison that could be recovered under purification magic.

Even if it's a terrible poison that turns people into undead, the disease will not develop unless the host human is killed.k.a. host dies.

by the way

"The situation is different this time. Some of the soldiers who were exposed to syphilis without dying have turned into undead. Because of that, two acidic houses became undead's land overnight."

"Huh!!!"

"And besides... this incident... ...he said there was a monster in charge of the undead."

"The monster in command?"

"Yes, personally speaking... ...he called himself Deathlord. Can you believe it? That's what undead said!"

Undeed speaking!

None of them were so stupid that they didn't know what this meant.

Everyone was silent about the serious situation.

The man sitting at the top of the table quietly groaned.

"I lost my brother. On the battlefield, a precious younger brother is fighting with his brother's body with tears of blood. We can't wait to see when the situation will be contained."

"Salivan's downfall. What are you going to do about it?"

"You can't just be punished. Fortunately, I was promised aid from the Holy Land and the Tower. Two candidates were promised the 6th and 7th divisions of the Order of the Holy Father."

"Ho. As expected of the Salivan. I was so moved by your beautiful eyes."

The man, who spoke calmly, murmured seriously.

"Be careful. It won't be easy, but I can't back off. This is the monster's provocation against our Great Palan Empire. I can't let a single guy go alive."

In the Palan Empire, which used to be a symbol of peace and prosperity, the energy of death slowly began to flow.

69. Participation in their own way.

Arya al-Lindis apologized to me again and again and again, with a face that seemed like she would cry at any moment, she was pleased to see the festival.

It was said that Emperor Lindis's order to stop everything and come back was dropped.

It wasn't really a matter for her to apologize to me, but she must have been so sad that she broke the promise herself.

How many days has it been since he let her cry and sent her away?

There was a subtly cluttered atmosphere, but the festival ended successfully.

Katherine Carabella, the Grand Duke of Lindis Empire, was a daredevil woman who changed her behavior as she said.

She seemed to want to see for herself whether I would meet the standards that Arya alindis, the yellow woman she serves, was interested in.

It was quite presumptuous of me to accept it.

She may have her purpose, but I also had to check with a person as good as her.

"I have to go to war with the world, but I hope the magic doesn't go wrong here.'

The world number has many powers.

The power to see the greatest efficiency in the event of a proper collision with that year caused problems from the beginning, and it was almost painful.

There is a stark difference between simply doing image training, competing directly, and using it in practice.

World numbers have a superiority over all properties. The magic is the power of man that existed in another world, and the power that does not exist on this continent. It's a power that's not included in the power of commercial superiority allowed to the world's number.

Manna, divine power, commander.

No power can have a significant effect on the world's number who was given the name for their original will.

It is not that there is no effect, but there is no way that the world's number will be welcomed in a state where it is not an idiot and can exert its full power.

So what you need most is magic.

The fact that the efficiency of the battle with Katherine was falling considerably came as annoyance.

The solution?

When asked by Persec, I put my hand in the subspace and reached for the object unless it was caught yet.

It passes through the hand like a hologram, but it turns out that the object that exists also has a great influence on the world.

That can't be possible.

It's just an aid kit.

As it was related to the power of magic, there was a big smile on the stock price.

It is a world number that has a superior advantage over all forces. This item was necessary to easily cut down such a number of the world without any problem.

The problem is...

How do you take this out?'

There is only one way to bring out objects that have been nailed by God's will.

But the Lord Priya, who had to help me get it out, was chewing my prayer openly.

You're a shallow girl who only finds things when they need them.

Though I thought profanely, I could not stop worrying.

In the end, we have to put aside things that we can't solve right away and prepare for something else.

Strengthening land and increasing military spending to prepare for a war on world numbers will be one way.

However, they had to prepare even though they couldn't see much effect.

A simple armed conflict is blood-flowing and screaming.

Hatred will rise and this will later create irreversible humiliation.

It should have been avoided.

I.

I don't want innocent people to be sacrificed because of their poor ideas and purposes.

But if you can't avoid it.

Defend as much as possible and subdue before damage occurs.

I didn't mean to let even one of my young people die in vain.

Increasing military power, manufacturing weapons, and purchasing food were just preparations for the worst.

The most deficient part of the land now was food.

We haven't even seen the fruit of the farming that's being built on this land yet.

"Hmm? Amy, didn't you say the top of the food chain will arrive today?"

"That's... ..."

When I was sorting out supplies, I suddenly frowned at the visible food items.

"That's not enough. Call them and buy everything if possible."

"Actually... ...the top side refused the deal. I managed to get the deal back, but... ..the order came from the Palan Imperial Household."

Amy's uneasy tone made me pause.

"Rejected? What are you talking about?"

"That's... "

I was about to press Amy for hesitating as if I didn't know how to report it.

"I'll do the report."

"Ana?"

"Please. Please call me Jack."

He used to hide his existence extremely, but now he has begun to show up to some extent.

Of course, that doesn't change the fact that I hid myself as a man.

"Davie, do you know what's going on in the Palan Empire?"

"Asking if you don't know."

He gave me a look that I knew he would do that to my question.

It was Dark Elf Ai or Heli Sana, but she used the necklace I gave her to her to take the same form of a man as before.

"You know about the huge granary on the southern tip of the Palan Empire."

"That's right."

A huge granary known to produce 20 percent of the food that spreads on the continent.

The fertile and huge land was a land concentrated solely on the production of food, and it used to be a place where food was exported to many countries.

In fact, the royal family of the Lounge Kingdom and the territory of Hines regularly bought large quantities of food there.

"Is there a problem?"

"Yes."

The news from Aina was simpler than I thought.

There were invaders in the land that was now supposed to produce food.

What kind of a lunatic attacked the Palan Empire, forgetting his common sense?

It's the undead.

They are monsters called the dead.

"A country called the strongest nation on the continent can't even deal with a single lower undead."

"It's not normal. Apparently, they're undeads using tactics. Like soldiers, they were concentrated, lured, ambushed, and retreated. As the number of troops who feel pain, tired, and fearless increases, the opponent is very difficult."

"What?"

"In short, it means a great enemy. But that doesn't make you feel real, does it?"

"I know."

"You're a terrible person."

"What did you say?"

"It's nothing."

Is the undead more dangerous than the world number?

"I don't know what you're like, but you're not normal. That's why White Bird, led by Princess Ilina de Palan, has been dispatched, but the current situation is to keep the army from spreading."

He is not losing, but he is not winning.

It may be absurd to hear that an intellectual undead uses tactics, concentrates, and cooperates with each other.

But it wasn't impossible.

"Oh, my God... ...I've never heard of undead having intelligence."

Aina also nodded at Winnie's absurd remarks.

In common sense, it is ridiculous for undead to have intelligence.

However, it was not impossible at all.

Even an undead who does not have intelligence, if forced orders are injected, there is no soldier who is as loyal as him or her.

And there's only one thing that makes that possible.

a high-ranking necromancer

those who have the power to deal with the dead

Moreover, the number is unusual, so it will be different from the usual number.

As if he had been waiting for this moment, he even felt devastated by the existence of the monster.

What is needed for war is soldiers, but military supplies cannot be ignored.

If the war fails in the early stages, it is likely to lead to a long-term war, so it was more advantageous to prepare for it than neglecting the existence of food stockpiles.

You said you're safe and sound.

If the opponent is not an ordinary opponent, we have no choice but to thoroughly prepare for this side.

"Nothing much in the Palan Empire?"

"I think we've already asked each country for help. The Kingdom of Lounge decided to provide a large number of armaments and some of the soldiers. Prince Varys is in the lead."

That's not what I said.

This damn father is now trying to raise Barris strong.

How deep is your affection for the kingdom of Lounge to do that's how deep you have to be.

Of course, it's only King Krianes' decision.

It had nothing to do with me, who was already on a different route from him.

The only important thing is the fact that the war preparations, which were already being prepared as the next best option, are being hampered by uninvited guests.

"Amy."

There was nothing to think about for a long time.

Amy replied energetically, as if she had been waiting for this time at my call.

"Give me an order. Degradation."

"I am also participating in the war. If you don't have luck, your nose will break even if you fall."

I'm so busy with my world record. What? Necromancer? You're occupying a warehouse with food to come to someone else's house?

It doesn't matter if the opponent is the top necromancer or death master. Where are you trying to interrupt me when I'm so busy?

"I must pray for your repose."

"He just couldn't make it."

If it weren't for the place where they were standing and holding up, they might have been able to live.

If it gets in my way, I'll take it away even if it becomes a dragon.

That's my decision.