180 # 180

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the eighth and fourth installments

The elves could not hide their embarrassment in the darkness of the Sacraman.

It was the first time for themselves that they could not feel an inch ahead as if their eyesight had gone far.

A person with good eyesight is bound to be confused if he or she loses his or her eyesight unless he or she receives special training.

Visual is the means by which life receives the most information.

The result was obvious as such means were sealed in an instant.

Hehehehehehehehehe!!

It was then.

They began to hear the eerie laughter of eerie women in their ears.

by drizzling

"Huh?!"

Whoooooo!

Surprised by the momentary liveliness and foresight, an agent guard hurriedly pulled out a layman and swung him around.

Although they are not sodmasters, they can do it simply by boosting destructive power.

There was a gruesome sound of breaking down something with a gruesome sound of breaking down.

Hehehehehehehehehehe!!

But the terrible laughter never stopped ringing in their ears.

"You, human history... It's magic! Don't be misled! Give up your sight and find Manna! Apparently, it's around here!"

"Protect the Mother of God! Never leave a finger on me!"

The first man to judge the situation shouted hurriedly. It would certainly be better than scrambling to get an invisible view somehow.

With such a loud cry, others sympathized with it as if they had come to their senses, raising tension.

but

by drizzling

"Huh?!"

Puck!

Something that flew aimlessly in the dark knocked someone down.

"Human, Dwarf, Elf, they're all the same intelligence. Do you have a different sense of fear because you live on grass?"

It was a teasing question.

"Are you sure you're on your side right now?"

At the same time, something eerie passed through their bodies.

Contact without feeling any sign of foresight creates boundaries beyond imagination.

The agent guards, who noticed something strange, opened their eyes.

I can't see anything, but I realized something was wrong.

"The world's capital that's supposed to protect you is also silent. Don't you think it's weird? Actually, you might be the only one left."

As soon as I am afraid to blur the end of my words, a cool chill and something mysterious pass by.

The chilling faces of the elves began to turn blue.

The strong spirit of the agent guards slowly began to break down due to the teasing remarks.

* * *

"You seem to have something to say. I'll take care of this side first, so can you wait a little longer?"

A woman with a benevolent smile raised the corners of her mouth to my calm question.

[What a mysterious year!] Yeo-do was quite surprised, so well, that's good. It's not such a good feeling to see a girl die.]

"You're a good talker."

At her words, I looked at a woman with bright brown skin who fell to the floor without a word.

It is a fatal wound that penetrates the chest.

Despite the serious injury that requires immediate death.

He's alive, Davey.

Miracle, she returned to her original appearance and was miserable enough to be called a miracle.

"I don't know what's so urgent that I turned my back on the whole race at this young age."

Measuring the age of an elf can be seen by checking how far the tip of the head goes, or by looking at the ears.

I've definitely checked the age of the child or Helicana, who is about 120 years.

Considering that the life span of the elf is many times that of humans, it is quite young.

Is it a persistence, or is the spirit of the dark nature that signed with her preventing bleeding?

In terms of circumstances, both are true.

In fact, black air was flowing around her wound, preventing bleeding and forcibly connecting her torn flesh to prevent the seriousness of the injury.

It was a little fresh for me when the Dark Spirit, who enjoys destruction, was so desperate to save the contractor.

[The magic to children is not generally the magic that humans are learning, this feeling... is the black magic logo between them.

Without answering the woman's words, I looked at the five elves groaning on the floor.

They had lost their sense of balance and were suffering from an unknown mumbling.

[8 Circle Black Magic]

[Peer]

The effect is simple. It is a low-key hallucination magic that shakes the five senses of those with low magical resistance and causes confusion.

This is the danger when dealing with the Black Wizard.

Unlike elemental magic, which controls and studies the flow of nature, black magic is the study of living things more realistically.

As such, there are more kinds of magic that interfere directly with the body or mind in this way than the effect is destructive.

They're definitely master-class beings whose magic doesn't work.

People with terrible blind faith are quite weak in some ways.

In fact, they fell to the ground, screaming and having seizures intermittently and losing their senses.

There's only one thing that I've shown them about the confusion and hallucination.

It only showed the reality of falling alone in the dark and haunting the endless maze.

Of course, a simple maze doesn't mean anything, so it's just a projection of an imaginary ghost that neither attacks nor common sense works.

It is simpler than you think to make ordinary creatures feel so scared that they go crazy and jump up and down.

After barely calming the violent movement of the black commander in his hand, he/she used to raise his/her sacred power.

The control of the roughly roaring head coachmana, as if complaining about his use after a long time, was more difficult than before.

Although it is unstable, it is a natural result since it has rarely been used since it suffered from a transformation of bone marrow disease.

I put my hand on the chest of the fallen Aina, and immediately looked at the black air that swallowed my hand as if it were on my guard.

Stay away from me!

Soon, the black air stream was fixed in a certain form, taking the form of a small hedgehog and uttering a desperate cry.

Stay away!

"Get away from me."

Puck!

You can only maintain the current state of things, but you insist.

Whoo!

In an instant, the wounds that had been horribly pierced began to heal as the spirit mana soaked in the approval of the contract with the King of Spirits and then began to heal as the recovery magic was started.

However, it was quite a while ago, and it was not fully recovered, perhaps because the opponent was the opponent.

Laying Aina, who was unconscious and silent, in a proper place, I looked at a woman who was watching me with a gracious smile.

"To be honest, I thought it was a big tree with some ideas, but it's a little surprising..."

Don't try to understand what she's doing and thinking. It's against fate.]

"Ira..."

I laughed myself out.

"Hasn't the world's numbers changed recently?"

The spirit of women is more than 300 years old, and it is not a measure of the will of the gods to live for thousands of years.]

I stuck to my silence at the calm remark.

[One thing is really surprising, didn't he go far beyond the human possibility he was thinking about? Yeah, don't be so nervous, he's just here to talk to you.]

"Talk, talk..."

My face, which was muttering low, was dumbfounded.

"Where are you going to talk to me about this place?"

Coooooooong!

As soon as I'm done speaking, countless columns of rocks popping up around the world's Sue Ignacil digs into me.

At the same time, the ground behind my back began to change for a moment.

"Noas, Paris Chamblocking."

Two bang!!!

It was in an instant that a huge hand sticking out of the floor smashed the rockfish without mercy.

Furthermore, it didn't stop there and was knocked down as if it would crush the shape of Igdracil.

Boom!!!!

However, different from the spirit's power, some kind of power gathered to create a huge wall of earth, and after receiving a blow from Noah, he threw it away.

That's the play!

It was also the world's number, one of the sources of nature.

When the attack failed, Noah forgot my demands and made a huge shape toward Igdracil.

[World number, old forest coordinator, is it crazy?]]

There was anger in Noah's voice, which seemed to be subtly angry.

From the point of view of the King Spirit, which is nature itself, it was unbelievable that the elf, which is the center of the elf, tried to destroy nature.

[Whoa, I think Noah is the best. I didn't know that the existence of the earth would come to this land. Under the contract with the will of the world number in the beginning, it would be reasonable for the existence of a royal spirit to be enforced only by those who have passed the test accordingly. Did you cheat on that little human child?]

The provocative tone changed the atmosphere of Noah's.

[Even if I were a noble world figure, I looked light enough to be praised by such a young world figure as you.]

Noah's rage with a solemn voice and overwhelming power.

If you leave me alone, Noah is arguing with the world leader before I can even come forward. It was a form that seemed like one side would crack.

"Noah, back off."

[Contractor.]

I just smiled at Noah's stubbornness.

Don't make me say it twice.

I watched the woman in front of me, leaving Noah silent at the cold gaze.

Her name is Igdracil, the great tree of Ziggo, and she is a pillar that supports the world.]

"It's Davy Allan."

Yeah, it's nice that it's cool.]

She smiled sweetly, and she shined her mysterious eyes.

Do you know why I broke the rules and came here to see you?]

I lifted Persek's power without a word to her question.

But all I could see was the light of the light green.

The number of the world is a higher being named by the will of God. You can't get a glimpse of the power you have now.

In other words, power is the only thing that can prevent power.

World numbers are definitely lower in physical ability than many knights.

No, it's going to be normal.

But the power she had was a kind of bizarre power.

For the first time, the power of abyss has been blocked.

"If you don't say it, you won't know."

[Cooking] Why don't you make a guess?]

"What are you talking about? If you say you're not yourself, I'm the only one who's a dummy."

She giggled at what was so funny about what was so funny.

[Good] We don't have much time to play this kind of game. Let's get down to business. Yuri, give her back.]

Someone might think I'm kidnapping.

Maybe her presence was so important that she came to see her in personally.

"Did you come all the way here from the West to say that?"

[Hooray...... did you know that he was rooted in the Western Hemisphere?]

"I've heard and seen more than you thought. I refuse to answer. Yuria is now a Young Jimin of the Hines estate. It's a hard-working empire and you can't touch it without my permission."

Hmm. It's difficult.

"It's your situation that's in trouble, and there's nothing to be disappointed about."

[He's so confident] Surely with Noah's power, some of the powers of women can be prevented. It is questionable how human beings have called the earth's earthly existence.]

She admitted the truth calmly.

In the end, she spoke quietly as if there were no other options.

[Aiya, this is something you should never let go of your personal greed.]

"Personal greed..."

Do you know the existence of the devil?

"The Devil?"

[Yes, there was one devil who terrorized everything on the continent 3,000 years ago.]

She murmured silently as if she were telling a story of a long time ago.

The devil's name is Persec. No one will stop the great evil of the time-honored resurrection, for the great evil of the land that had been stained with blood is about to rise again.

Her harsh words didn't matter.

I just calmly looked at the girl floating next to me.

He's called the Devil Persec.'

You're calling her a real?

On the contrary, the silver-haired girl facing me looked at me and my head tilted at the exact timing.