185 # 185

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the eighth and ninth installments

That explanation... doesn't it make you feel right?

'How could I be like that's not true.'

You're trying to compare me to those psycho heroes.

I felt the woman in front of me looking at something as if she was aware of something, as I pressed Persec's head so that others could not be seen with a smiling face.

"What's wrong with you?"

"Not a big deal, I hear your prince is a very strong man. A little curious -- from donghae"

It was quite difficult to be formal, so her tone began to fluctuate quite a bit.

I grinned at her like that.

"There's nothing to be formal about. The Prince. Apparently, you're in a very difficult situation, but I'll try to talk to each other."

"Should I?"

She smiled dangerously, as if she had waited, like a beast who snatched the prey.

"Prince, now that you have left, I'd like to give you my message of depravity."

'I've had a lot of things to do.'

Mumbling out of hearing, she stuck out a small document to me.

It feels cold.

"What's this?"

"It's an engagement offer."

My face hardened at her suggestion.

"Can I be honest? I feel the same way about Prince Albert, and I feel the same way about the prince, but the Emperor is so stubborn."

Whispering, she murmured as if she were a mischievous villain.

"Honestly, isn't she cute? Isn't it pretty? In a few years, that cliff-like chest will be like an apple. Take this. This one."

She hands over a strange-looking small medicine bottle in her arms.

"What is this?"

She giggled at my words.

"It's a famous potion in the Mediterranean. I'm going to eat it's going to hit me. Our cute little bride, I don't think you can find her anywhere."

What does this mean?

Watching her in a desolate mood without a word, she approached me with a subdued look like a drug dealer.

"Our Lady Hwang. She has a great body and her voice is so cute. Honestly, you think so, right? I'm a horse. If you're looking at my sister in the morning stretching, I'd like to kidnap her and take her to the Great Depression right away."

I nodded unknowingly to the sudden question.

I feel like I'm caught up in conversation with a natural enemy-like style.

"So I don't get this opportunity! You're a royal family. You don't like your grandchildren. At first, even if you grind your teeth, you end up flipping it over."

At her words, of course, I couldn't get out of my face for a long time, even Persec, who had been floating around me, crossed his legs and chin.

You... you said you smelled a dangerous psycho... ..and I'm sure of it.

She was the one who made me realize again that my intuition was sometimes frighteningly sharp.

the Prince of Bull foxes

Katherine Carabella drove me to the ground with her distinctive funny smile.

She doesn't sell products when she runs a business, but pushes her with speed and atmosphere that seems to force her to sell.

When I came to my senses, I had a pen in my hand, and I reached the sign blank where I wrote my name with a lot of ink on the tip of the pen.

When I woke up, it became famous.

When I came to my senses, he was signing his autograph.

What's the difference...

I, who came to my senses for a moment, opened my eyes and put down my pen.

Certainly, as Grand Duke Catherine Caravella said, Aria was an attractive candidate for engagement.

Even now, she is constantly trying and struggling to get rid of herself, but she has the cuteness and innocence that just popped out of the novel.

As such people did not exist around me, it was also true that they were attractive enough to be a lie if they were not attracted.

In fact, if she had to marry someone, she was also the most favorable girl.

but

"This... the moment I sign this, it's friendship, it's Nabal, it's like war is going to break out with the Lindis Empire."

And I'm signing the declaration of war.

She laughed bitterly at my playful question.

But soon he made a loud laugh.

"Aha! Don't worry. Prince, it's not just me, it's also the suggestion of Prince Albert."

"So you two are confident that you will stop the Emperor of Lindis?"

She patted her chin with her hand at my horse.

"I wonder what the Prince of Wales will do for you... ...and I'll do everything I can to help you. You just need to take care of the prince. I'll take care of everything!"

"Isn't that treason?"

"I'm not on anyone's side. I'm loyal to the Empire, but my lord is a degradation of Arya."

Is this what comes out of the mouth of the great Duke, who is called the pillar of the empire?

Only then did I become convinced that she was abnormal beyond my imagination.

Davy... ..Katrine is quite famous. I've heard that Ilyna and her child have been more like a free-spirited mercenary than a noblewoman for a long time ago.

I appreciated her informal attitude without saying anything about her explanation.

Formality is important, but those who are too tied to formality cannot see reality.

The opposite is true as well.

However, it was clear that this woman, Catherine Caravella, was not just an idiot who moved back and forth as she thought.

So

Even though she looked like that, she just said that she was a woman who would eat her heart out as soon as she believed in her appearance.

Perhaps he already has other political elements in his easy-going mind.

"No matter how much I think about it, the engagement with her is a huge loss to her."

"Ah-ha-ha! Why, if you don't mind the prince, it doesn't matter. Or do you want a political advantage? Money? Just say it. They'll apply for everything."

"......"

Stops the retreat.

A proposal that can never be rejected by a normal aristocrat or royal family.

People are good, political advantages are good, so there is nothing to lose.

With more intelligence than I thought, I decided to break this situation.

"Do you know what this is about, Lady Hwang?"

"Oh... that's."

"You see, I knew it."

It is true that Aria is an attractive twilight woman, but I judged that I cannot afford to meet her expectations at the moment.

Speaking calmly, I tore the contract up without saying it calmly.

"Is there any reason to be thirsty for a political marriage if it's about the time you're married? If you want to do it yourself, you can suggest it again."

"Wow... was the rumor true?"

"Rumor?"

"Well, that could be a pretty rude question, but..."

"If you know, don't."

Mumbling incredibly, she soon gave a colorful smile.

What makes you so happy?

Unhidden and giggling, she asked me to shake hands without hesitation.

"Well, that's good. It's my taste to solve it all at once, but it's good to be slow like this sometimes. But please take good care of me, My Lady Hwang."

"Hmm..."

"If you do so, I and Prince Albert will be friends with you differently than your Emperor."

Katherine, who said so, gave a funny smile.

"There's no one else in my eyes right now. It's all about the prince."

a cheerful mixture of informal speech

Comfort was ahead of discomfort.

"If you're really in trouble... ...you're welcome to have a concubine. Your Majesty will be furious, but polygamy is not illegal at all, and there are more than seven wives in the end. I don't care."

I was dumbfounded by their determination that they could send the empress, not anyone else, as their concubine.

However, if it were their own affection for Aria, it would not be something I could argue about.

"The concubine... ...is not a good tool for each other."

"Oh, my God, you're an unexpected martyr. Then I can't force it either. Oh, poor boy, we're falling...

Even pretending to cry.

She was a woman who was really distracted if left alone.

A concubine.

I burst into laughter.

Haven't you seen and experienced what has happened since the jealousy between the wives has not been resolved?

Therefore, I couldn't just be happy about that.

However, if you do not want to change the customs of this world and make a noise that you are doing well alone, it would be right to clean it up with the least room left.

"I'm sorry I took away your precious time."

"No, I've seen the famous Empire hero, so I should be satisfied."

"Do you really think so?"

"What?"

Her expression suddenly changed.

He looked like a beast looking for food.

I couldn't forget the longing in his eyes.

I just needed it, but that's great.

"I will."

"What?"

"Darry, isn't that what you wanted to do? I just happened to want to check the power of the Grand Duke myself, so let's try it."

At my words, she opened her eyes wide and nodded her head.

"Then please."

* * *

The sudden visit of the Lindis Imperial Empress and the Grand Duchess Catherine who came to accompany her.

And the battle that Catherine Caravella asked me.

As soon as the sudden news spread, many people poured their heads into the smoke ground behind Yeongju Castle.

Ulysses, who assist in Wynnley's magic training, and Wynn Lee, who learned magic from him.

And Golda, head of Dwarf, who was checking the preparations for the festival, and Yulia Helishana.

On the other side, Hong Dan-i and Cheng Dan-yi, who are enjoying themselves by pulling Lune's cheeks recklessly, are seen.

And there was a mue who was laughing and having fun with the three of them when he came.

"Low-ha. All the users around me got bitten. Keep running all the shock absorbing atipekteu."

"Good job, stay away from me."

"Yes!"

Amy, who often steps back with a nod to my words, looked at me with her eyes sparkling.

"Ha! You have to win!"

With a cute cry of clenching my fists and cheering, I lightly kicked up a wooden sword at my feet with my head nodding silently.

It was made of wood created by logging large numbers of tree trunks pulled out by Igdrasil the previous day, and its durability is not normal.

Thanks to him, even though he didn't break a single iron core, he seemed to have no worries about breaking it.

It took a long time for the ignorant and ferocious cutting power from the top of Megatron, so it would be a natural result.

"I heard you use magic."

Katherine giggled in.

"You can attack as much as you like because you are confident that you can take all kinds of attacks."

Her words made me laugh and flicked the wooden sword away.

She's fearless.

If you want, I have to show you something new.

As I glanced around the training armory, I quickly picked up one without hesitation.

This is necessary to draw the power necessary for the war against world numbers.

"Hmm?"

"Let's go with this."

"Ho? That's... ..."

"Balance adjustment."

Catherine's smile deepened at my smiling provocation.

I've chosen none other than...

a second-hand vessel

It was a pretty big fan.