183 # 183

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 8 and Epis

67. News and burdensome guests from the Central Continent.

Davy, if the elves are hostile to you, there will be people who want to antagonize you.

My cousin says he has a stomachache even if he buys land. It is needless to say that South Korea is in a relationship.

In the meantime, if the elves who suddenly appeared out of nowhere suddenly antagonize me...

There is nothing strange about those who try to ride on the atmosphere and reject me.

"Well, you won't be able to do anything right now."

You can't?

"Yes."

The curse that Death Road taught me was strictly taught to fight back and defend against the curse, but I have no intention of letting go of the good things.

It will take months to a year at least to solve all the dozens of curses I've put on.

It wasn't just a curse that I walked away because I felt bad.

I'm expecting a clash with the elf someday.

Then I thought it would not be bad in some sense to work hard.

"What do you think of him?"

About what?

"There are people who are trying to resurrect you."

Persec looked dark at my words.

Well, it's the only word in the world that doesn't seem to be a lie.

Speaking calmly, she opened her eyes round.

Wait... Davey! That means she can be resurrected!

"......"

In the midst of it, she had no regrets about the end of the first month.

Davey! Leave this alone! She will surely be resurrected with her body!

She was extremely motivated. However, I wonder if the existence of that kind of thing put a limit on trying to revive her.

"Let's wait and see."

I'll be resurrected! She's never touched such a staff member before, and she's never going to make it!

"Yes, yes."

Fortunately, the disturbance outside the territory did not reach the interior of the territory.

a late night

Looking out of the window at the lively street, which has yet to escape from the atmosphere of the festival, I soon moved to a small room on the quiet upper floor.

"......"

There was a woman lying on her bed, shining her sky-blue eyes silently.

"It's the first time we've ever met like that, right?"

"Since when... ...have you known?"

I shrugged my shoulders at her question.

"From the very beginning."

"......"

She looked up at me with a look of fear and speech.

I'm definitely an elf who's past adulthood, but I still felt like a child because I was short.

"First of all, thank you for saving me."

"Yes, thank you, this is what you owe me."

"That's it, and this is it."

A cold retort, she soon opened her eyes wide as if she had realized something.

"What did the Elf say about it before?""

"Of course I did it on purpose."

"You crook!"

I didn't say much, though it was funny how cold she was expressing her feelings.

"It's his fault for being deceived. Blame him. And I didn't lie."

I still don't like the Elves.

It was clear that the elves of the moon's forest were still open to some extent, so I accepted it, and that the late deities were not favored.

"......how the hell did you find out? The artifacts that change the appearance must be..."

"I know because I see it."

"That's what you said when you first saw me."

"I know. I said that."

"Ha! You've been playing like a fish."

Did I feel dejected in what I said?

Aina Helishana finally breathed a sigh of despair and bowed her head.

"But why would he want to hide if he brought him out of sight, as you asked? Now, the Elf is not even a secret in this land."

She remained silent to my question.

"Hiding for the reason of being a Dark Elf doesn't make sense. Do you happen to be... ..."

"Please. Please don't ask anything."

With her head down calmly, she murmured.

"No one in this land can see my true self. That's why I wore a man's mask when I was active. It's broken now, but..."

I poked my head in agony at her words.

"The Artifacts. Is there anything else?"

"It was made with the help of a man who was wandering in the woods. I can't get it anymore because it's a unique item that doesn't even detect."

At her answer, I looked around her figure without a word.

Do you want me to make you one?"

"What?"

She gave me a questioning look.

"Wait a minute."

It was not long before I took out a simple ruby ring from the subspace and reached over it and released Manna.

[Metamorphosis]

[First base match]

Simple Shape Transformation Magic and Fantasy Magic.

"It won't be as perfect as you used to be, but it's enough for now. The starter is [conversion]. If you push Manna a little bit, it will change quickly."

She opened her eyes round when she received the ring.

Then he carefully put the ring in his index finger and murmured low.

"Bab......conversion."

Her figure began to change before her eyes as soon as a voice like a jade marble came out.

The thin body grew bigger and stronger, and the bright brown skin gradually turned white.

"I'm not used to it... ..I'm uncomfortable."

"I was in a hurry, of course. You'll be able to sense the mana, and you'll be able to solve it with a little bit of shock. So be yourself."

You've done this much for me too.

She sighed briefly at my smile.

"Now can you do me a favor?"

I nodded silently to her question.

"I'll let you in."

In my words, she took out a half-tipped map she had kept.

"It's a small island on the southern tip of the eastern continent."

"Island?"

"Yes, it's the land of the undead where the forest was contaminated as soon as it was contaminated."

"So, why don't we do a treasure hunt here.

"It's similar, but a little different. All we want is a certificate, not a treasure that will be there. A sign that the Holy Father betrayed the Elves and used the power of the undead."

It is also a battle with the Holy Grail'sincere saint.

I gave an answer without hesitation to her firm request.

"No."

"Huh?!"

Yes?

"Hmm?"

At the same time, she, who momentarily groaned, flinched.

She evaded my gaze when I suddenly looked at her for what was wrong with her.

"D......you said you'd listen."

"I hate it."

"Huh!"

There was a strange sound again at the firm answer.

I didn't hear it wrong.

Reflecting on her, I used the information I borrowed from Persec.

If you don't know, I'll find out.

Beep. . .

A deafening sound reverberated through her ears, revealing her information.

"......"

I thought I should stop looking into it.

All the real cuties are making fun of me.

One forest head hid his hidden sadistic mind.

I couldn't stop my expression from crumpling.

* * *

The festival was a success.

However, there is no such failure in my mind.

All the elves who attacked the territory the night before finished cleaning up.

The tombstone was made after neatly burying all five of the dead elves with only a few people.

The most bitter body is none other than a self-serving elf.

I don't really feel sorry for the woman named Penela, but I didn't feel so happy that even the child she had died.

Whether it's an elf or a human, there's nothing more bitter than a child dying without seeing the light.

Ana was vehemently opposed to me making their tombstone.

They are the main culprits who made me in trouble, so why are they even making me a tombstone?"

But I silently made their tombstone.

It was because he had a reason and a trick in his own way.

Had it not been for a mere trick, he would have left it unattended, buried it in the ground, or put on makeup.

Their deaths should not have been so hidden.

It was my position that the fact that I was here and died here should remain clear evidence.

When you draw a big picture, there are times when you work on something you want to do.

Their tombstones were unknown by name and race.

All you have to do is put up a cross with a branch and pile up a mound.

In the first place, digging and covering the ground was not as natural as breathing for Noah, the Spirit King of the Earth, so it didn't take a long time.

At that time, Aina's dismay, which she didn't notice at the time and realized that I was signing with Noah, was very interesting.

"Twinkle twinkle, twinkle twinkle twinkle."

"Oh, it looks beautiful!"

I watched interestingly the tricks of two children, standing side by side, bending their tight knees and waving their hands.

It was a simple dance and song that I taught them, but they were learning quickly and boasting about it to me.

It was cute enough to bite.

"Oh, how cute. Who do you think is so cute?"

When I smiled and hugged the two children, the two men chattered and dug into my arms what was so pleasant.

"Lune, what about Mew?"

"......Lunne......the difficulty level has risen too sharply......requests additional allowances…."

Lünne, who is hanging on the floor and declaring a strike with her whole body, slightly raises her head.

"Muuu, I'm acting with Elf Yuri."

"Yeah, I'll take her around today. Get some rest."

"Lünne... ...rest, highly appreciated."

He looked comfortable with his eyes closed as if he were falling asleep.

When cooling the overheated fuselage with considerable movement, Lünne used to choose to sleep, mostly like humans.

Thanks to him, Lünne looked more like a race with a ring on her head and wings on her back than Golem.

After the work of Conjangro, Uria carried a lot of muu.

It seems that he is determined to give the affection that he has not given yet.

Of course, it's questionable what you've done so far whether that's really the only reason.

"Hongdan, where are you going with your dad today?""

"Huh... ...food marketplace!"

"Drinking! Like! Oh, there's a lot!"

The answers from the two men who are interested in the food market in the human festival area are immediately returned.

"Then shall we?"

"Yes! Yes!"

"Ahhhhhhahhhhhhhhhhhh!

They were the ones who dug into me and shook their heads to see if I felt good.

"Ava Joaaaaah!"

"Daddy, I love you more!"

Are they competing with each other?

Although the sword is the main body of children, they are growing and growing like other children.

It suddenly occurred to me that there would be a mother who would care for these children and correct their emotions.

The kids call Perserk a mother and follow him, but she's not exactly a spirit.

If you're the only candidate I can think of...

The only woman who could fit your ideal type seems to be the cute lady of the Lindis Empire.

'What about you?'

Yeh! She's not interested in men who are more than 1,000 years younger.

Not interested?

I faced her squarely with a laugh.

'You, as the world says, really resurrected, see you then.'

Will the maid fear you?

'I'll lend you the last word of the month.'

Her ideal type is actually a man like you. Cancer

Why is he so corrupt...

That thought made me laugh in vain.

"Abuah! What do you mean, Hong Kong?""

"Yes, Hongdan is good at both."

"Well, then, Hongdan kisses the cheek!"

He was about to smile at the pure image of expressing his affection without hiding it.

"Oh... Dad?"

An unfamiliar, bewildered voice came into my ear.

"Hmm?"

When I was embarrassed, I stopped and turned my head,

There I could see a little girl standing with a nervous face in her full dress looking at me with alarmed eyes.

Perhaps it was quite surprising, the fox's ears raised above the bright turquoise hair were pointed as if nervous.