181 # 181

The Manreb hero is coming back!

eight volumes and five episodes

Just for a second.

There was silence.

Yes, we can expect this kind of case.

Surely Persec's presence is unknown to the world.

You may not know.

"K... ..kkkhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

However, understanding doesn't mean everything works.

Unlike me, who was holding back his laughter with his mouth closed, the former king, who was actually the person in charge, laughed with tears in his eyes.

I can't believe King Persec is trying to revive it.

The moment the devil, united with hatred, wakes up again, the continent will become a sea of blood.

Are you really hateful?'

Hahahahahahahaha!

Unless Ferserk was seen, all Igdrasil saw was me holding back my laughter.

What was so funny?]

"No, thanks. My answer is consistent. No, you are already a servant of the land of Hines. It's none of my business to be the devil."

And, even if she is revived, she now has no reason, no justification, no constraints, to be used in the war.

That's how I flicked my finger without hesitation to release the hallucinogenic spell that was hanging on the E.T. Guard.

"Cuck!"

"Whoop?! Ha... ha..."

At the same time, there was a voice that breathed hard and groaned.

"Come at me if you want to find me. Unless there's room for compromise, the only thing left is a savage saber rattling."

Unless there is room for compromise in hostile relations.

If they are in a position where they can't bite each other's will, the remaining results are obvious.

It's quite bitter.

However, there was no reason to hesitate if it was the expected result.

Why can't you see the current of the times? When the absolute villain, King Persec, wakes up, you can handle the anger. Are you proud?]

"Why are your tongue so long when you knew it was going to be like this in the first place?"

Oh, I wanted to try this too.

Again?

Persec's tired voice is as light as ever.

"If you're nervous, you're in the back.""

The agent guards still gasped, shedding tears and drooling, as if they had not completely escaped from the terrible fear I showed them.

The force that supported them would have fled and fled in a terrible situation where they were no use and were not allowed to breathe.

The only thing to believe in the darkness where no one is left is his own sense.

The word hallucination is not just hallucination.

They must have escaped dozens of terrible monsters chasing electrical saws with ordinary human-level physical abilities, and so few would be able to keep their sanity.

As a result, they were completely helpless, unable to stand up and gasping, unlike when they were pushing their child or Helicana a while ago.

Pair!!

It was then.

The incarnation of the world's number Igdrasil, who had been sitting still, quietly applauded and reversed the surrounding air.

"Laugh?"

"Hmm!"

At the same time, the agent guards, who were panicking, opened their eyes and began to look at her.

Their bodies, which had been in fear, were still trembling, but on the contrary, the gun began to return to their eyes to see if they could have escaped from the complete panic.

I'm sorry, children, but this mother was so poor that she couldn't persuade the human child.]

What she said was simple.

"...uh...uh...uh..."

The agent guards, who were gasping for breath and looking at me confronting Igdrasil, quickly got up.

Then he took out his weapon and surrounded me as if I were being checked me in check.

While trying to calm themselves down, they expressed fear and hostility toward me, who is believed to be the main culprit of the incident.

[I'm not sure I'm going to kill you right now, but on the other hand, I'm not going to be easy.]

With a calm voice, a light green air began to gather around the elves.

the blessing of the world's

It was a natural process if it was natural.

The elves, who were trembling as if they had not completely escaped from fear, soon took a deep breath and pointed at the weapons to see if they had realized something about my behavior.

Unlike ordinary arrows, they are arrows with a spirit stone.

Just discussing firepower, I could see that he was very determined to kill me.

"Human... ...we must be punished cruelly for making fun of us."

A male elf pointed at the end of the Leapier at me with a murderous look.

At the same time, I also aimed at him with a layer in my hand and slowly pulled back and muttered.

"I don't have a weapon to hand, so let's borrow it."

In my words, one of the elves was flustered to realize that his weapon was missing, but he pulled out a dagung as if he were not a master-class creature and escaped to the rear.

"Dearly... ...you're going to use our Elf's weapon? That's a human being?"

"Since when did Leapier become the exclusive property of the Elves? I didn't release the magic to make fun of your tongue."

I need to vent my stress, so come on.

A trick was caught in a fit of irritation that seemed to flow water from the first blow.

Certainly, the Raffier weapon is a well-suited weapon for those with weak muscle strength and fast speed.

Of course, instead of having lower physical strength than humans, it was also the best weapon for flexible and agile elves.

It's ironic.

It's human that created a weapon called the Leapier.

As a result, it is the elf who digs into the weapon and builds more depth.

For the elves who did not know such facts in the past, they must have felt sorry for the people who put their eyes on their front yard.

Let's see what they've just been beaten up until now.

The end of the idiots who forgot who I was was was simple.

In fact, their pride was not incomprehensible.

Even if they look like that, they will eventually be the best in the new world.

only

The opponent was just too bad.

a simple thrusting posture

But my posture was slightly lower.

In fact, I don't have much skills in Leapier.

The weapon I have mainly dealt with was a sword, and two bunches of warhead are also a type of sword.

I'm not used to stabbing weapons.

But it didn't matter.

A sword is a weapon after all.

If it is an efficient way to kill an opponent, it will eventually be the same.

Stab, cut, and tear.

"I've been dealing with Leapier a lot, and I've been fighting with Leapier!"

"Don't stop me."

I slowly opened my closed eyes, speaking calmly.

"You can try to stop it and search for it."

[Marine sword 28 herbivores]

[Mischievous Nacha]

a simple stab

However, where the point is headed, it must squeeze the opponent's gap.

If you want to stop an attack that is precise and hard to keep from being stabbed by the eye, try to stop it.

"Huh."

The man, who was at the forefront of the agency guard's potential for me, who was picking up a short breath, quickly lifted the metal shield on his wrist.

The price he has to pay for his reflexive disregard for my warning not to stop will never be light.

"Don't stop me."

Ugh!!!

As soon as the left foot, which was stepped forward, hit the ground, a huge iron ring rang out.

At the same time, the flash of light, which was so bright that it lit up the surrounding area, disappeared in silence for a moment.

the palate, the brow, and the weight

Dig in and out of the way out.

However, the target man didn't even realize that he was dead, and he came at me.

Of course, his attack, which moved like the law of inertia, could not reach me.

As soon as he arrived before me, his body collapsed helplessly as he kicked his knee, which began to break.

"So... ..Solar Captain!"

"You damn bastard!!"

When I first ran to me about what I didn't know, other elves, angry at the appearance of the elf that collapsed as it was, attacked me as if they were digging into a square.

Even if the world's number of people has excellent recovery techniques limited to Elf, it's the same situation now.

Nor will it have the power to save the already dead elf.

Subsequently, when I saw the elf coming through my throat as if it were going through my throat, I abandoned what I avoided or blocked and dug in.

After narrowly combing my neck to escape the attack, I opened my eyes and grabbed the shoulders of an elf woman who was trying to distance herself again and clenched my teeth.

[The Devil's Urgh Controller]

[Breaking the barrel]

Bam! Bam!!

And then

Ugh... ..and every girl I see is going to be sick.

I put my forehead on her forehead as if I were going to break her head.

Whaddeuk!

One person collapsed again with a gruesome sound.

Is it because the force I have exceeded their expectations?

The frightened last potential elf rushed out of me, but he had already been caught by me.

Tat! Took! Tatting!

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!""

In an instant, the elf, who was suppressed by a dislocated shoulder and trampled on a shriek, screamed desperately.

But I did not kill him, and I lifted the elf who had overwhelmed me with an exact aim of something flying towards me.

Boom!!!

And

Along with the gruesome sound, an arrow with the power of the spirit came out through the forehead of the shielded elf and ripped out the hind part.

The arrow with the spirit stone containing the power of the spirit penetrated exactly for my weight, but as a result, it penetrated my colleague's head.

The sharp tip of the arrow had lost its power and stopped in front of my nose, as if it had not penetrated his head completely.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

Is it because the arrow that shot me to keep me in check pierced my colleague's head and cut off his breath?

The elf, who was holding the bow, screamed and opened her eyes, losing her cold expression.

"Oh, my God! You monster!"

On the contrary, the other rear guard, who was aware of the situation, hurriedly spread the distance from me and put the arrow back on the bow.

"Lapiers are light."

"Huh?"

"It's good for throwing, too. Keep that in mind and practice it in the next life."

Boom!

The head of the elf, who was trying to attack immediately with two arrows on the bow, was caught by me and died like an elf with a hole in the head.

In the end, all that remains is a female elf who is shocked that she killed my colleague with her own hands.

It seemed irrelevant to her now that she was a master-class presence and a contractor with the higher spirits.

Four of his colleagues and powerful men of the same level as him could not even use their hands.

The only world to watch and protect themselves is that they cannot help themselves due to the checks of King Noah of the Spirit.

In the first place, we should have known since humans summoned the King of Spirits.

He seemed to think so.

I strode to her as she slumped black before my eyes.

"......"

The feelings on her face were terrible fear, confusion, and shame.

As I get closer and closer, she's...

Eventually, she siphoned off her gold under the short blue-colored Egent Guard uniform.

She looked up at me with trembling eyes and couldn't even open her mouth.

but

I collected black magic because I didn't intend to keep it alive.

Without a word, I pulled Manna up in one hand, and her pupils slowly headed from my face to my hand.

Then, he said with difficulty, bumping into a person who was so nervous that he couldn't even speak.

"This... this is a lie..."

man or race. There are five equally different reactions when an unbelievable result occurs in front of one's eyes.

The first one is...

"This is ridiculous! There's no such thing as a monster!"

"I'll let you go without pain."

It is a blind denial of the facts.

Poof!!