186 # 186

The Manreb hero is coming back!

eight volumes and ten episodes

* * *

Circuits were a slightly vague tool to be called weapons.

In the first place, it was a living tool used to blow off heat, not to hurt anyone.

However, it also depends on how you use it.

Sublines that are tightly attached to the skin of monsters to wooden frames made of solid oak wood are more than expected in terms of durability.

"Fan? You're fighting with debt?"

Instead of answering Ulysses' question, I just nodded.

"Ho... ...this is another fascinating spectacle."

"Oh, my God... how do you fight with that?"

Winley also looked at me wondering if I could easily shake off my doubts.

There is no heavyness, no sharpness.

However, it is not as long as a sword or spear, and there is a limit to its durability in the structure is good.

She looked as if she would be crushed by a single blow from Catherine's fist, but she only smiled more deeply.

Usually, it would not be strange to get angry at him for ignoring him.

However, rather than being angry, she burned her good will.

Clap!!

Soon after I opened the fan and folded it, I sent one hand back and tapped the frame of the fan on my chest.

"Subsun is not an easy weapon to learn in the first place."

So, when I learned how to use the sub-line, there were many things that I made myself rather than my teacher's.

A way to combine because you already know how to handle Manna.

That was my present fan trick.

"Sure. Let's go this way."

Katherine Caravella, who erased a smile from her face, held her bare hands on the floor without even a knuckle.

Then, he stared at me with a crouching start.

At the same time, her tail, which ran over her hips, gently moved as if it were confusing to me.

As if to take a signal.

Katherine's tail, looking at me in the silence, stopped for a moment.

It was an instantaneous sign of her attack.

Mutu, who has a flashy speed and destructive power that can't be avoided even if he knows it.

She was the monstrous male warrior who said that a single force was second only to the army.

Although I'm bare hands without a single knuckle.

A good plague master's blow is not something to be reckoned with without a knuckle.

Two boom!

And the scene that followed made everyone surprised.

* * *

"E...I should have stopped you..."

Arya al-Lindis, muttering with an anxious face, looked as if she had met a ghost.

The posture that the bull fox Catherine Caravella just showed was quite famous.

It was a posture that gave her the nickname "Poor fox."

Although seemingly ridiculous, an attack that uses overwhelming momentum to penetrate with acceleration was never to be taken lightly.

Maybe you're not strong enough to have master-class knights who can't really react and run out.

It was also true that the power of Catherine the Great was strong enough to be called a single force.

"Well, I'm sorry, but shouldn't we stop him?"

Without hiding her anxious feelings, Aria anxiously asked Amy.

Then Lünne, who was next to him, shook his head.

Then, Ullis followed with a grin and said.

"I think I should be concerned about Catherine the Great rather than worrying about her."

"What?"

Surprised, Aria muttered as if she could not understand.

"Wow... I know you have great magical powers. But don't magic need to have a long preparation time? It's also a narrow street, and the wizard needs a tool to assist with the use of magic..."

She soon opened her eyes when she saw Catherine's tail stop momentarily.

It's crashing!

Arya, who could not shake off her worries because she had seen her habits, was about to shout.

Two boom!

There was a huge explosion and a sound of something stuck on the ground.

"Ouch... what is this..."

There was a sound of swallowing breath around.

"Oh, my God..."

"What just happened?"

It was none other than Catherine who was stuck on the floor.

It was definitely her who hit the first ball.

It was also she who was positioned to dig in at any time.

On the other hand, Davy was just fiddling with the debt and didn't respond.

by the way

Why is Katherine stuck on the floor?

No one caught a glimpse of the moment.

It was only in everyone's sight that Catherine, who just flinched and slipped, was suddenly thrown into the ground.

"Oh, my God... what just happened..."

I'm surprised every time I see it, but this time, Ullis muttered as if it was a little too much.

Winley, who was looking at the smokestack like him, could not hide his surprise.

"I couldn't see a thing. I'm sure he did something."

Crashing the ground as if she had been thrown to the ground without mercy, she slowly rose with groaning.

Then he tilted his head and looked at Davy.

"I'll go again."

She, whose playfulness has completely disappeared, leaned slightly this time.

She moves again with a tense face.

There was a seriousness that he would not be beaten twice by being beaten once.

Two boom!

a rekindled great binge of binge

Everyone who looked at the smokestack opened their mouths again as if Catherine had flown herself and been stuck on the floor.

"What the hell is going on..."

The moment when everyone was silent because of the unbelievable conflict.

Katherine, who was stuck on the floor, raised herself up by surprise.

Two boom!

And

Her new model was once again thrown into the floor unrecognized.

68. He just couldn't gettin' it.

"Oh, my..."

Katherine, who woke up with a short moan, frowned heavily because she couldn't control her expression.

Her exuberant expression was nowhere to be seen, and now all she had left was embarrassment.

"What the... what the hell..."

The confrontation itself flowed completely differently from what they thought.

It was Catherine Carabella who attacked, but she was also attacked.

Katherine Carabella, whoever it is.

The Lindis Empire was the most powerful empire in the East, known as the strongest in the continent, with Swordmaster and the Daemarist.

And a single force recognized by all the best men in the empire.

She was famous for her strength, having no enlisted men, wizards, or knights, and having a single force.

Her fist, which is mainly used in fighting arts, was known to be determined, and when struck, the thick gate would be smashed with a blow.

The funny thing is that her strength lies in speed, not destructive power.

Her breakthrough power is known to be so strong that even a master can't react to it only in the human race.

Then she.

I can't reach myself without any attack and just standing still, so I can't help but look ridiculous.

However, those who have been with me for a long time were those who have seen what I did in person, so they were not very confused.

Like their expressions.

[That's right.]

He looked like that.

However, he seemed to be surprised at something else.

"I just didn't use that... ...mana."

Realizing that she had been hit by something for a moment, she asked me as if she knew me.

"You have a good eye."

"It wasn't even physical. No matter how fast it is, I can't get any speed that I can't even notice."

It is possible considering the existence of doping, but there seems to be no reason to pick up the facts.

Her nervous face gave her a distant smile.

Two boom!

She fell into the ground again after a surprise dig.

Part of the solid stone floor was smashed again, as the force of the shock wave was not normal.

"Oh, my...

Standing up frowning, she looked down at my hand and opened up a distance in silence.

With her outstanding skills, she seemed to have a general idea of what this mysterious attack was about.

"I'm sure it's not Mana... ..but it's amazing."

"Amazing? Are you curious?"

"If you're not curious, you're lying."

"You can keep wondering."

My calm words drained her face.

Open the fan and hit it! I folded up the fan with a lighten the end of the fan.

"It doesn't mean anything to keep getting it, so I'll go over here."

"Huh?!"

Two boom!

She threw herself sideways, her eyes wide open with the sound of the air bouncing.

At the same time, the place where she was standing was dangled for a moment, and the solid stone floor was smashed.

As it has a slightly different trajectory, it is necessary to confront it directly and see how far it can be used.

"I can't feel it. I can't deal with it..."

It's inevitable.

All forces in this world, whether they are command, divine or mana, can be detected as soon as they are released.

It means that no matter how secretive black magic is, even if it is very weak at the moment of trial, there are traces left.

but

What power does not belong to this world?

The power that was embodied through subcontracting was that kind of power.

Remains created by tempting the soul stored in my soul were piled up.

The ability only allowed for humans to handle the soul's dark gray color, which no other being can use.

a magic trick

Looking at me with a serious face, she soon took a short breath.

"It's more than I imagined... ...but I guess I was too rude to the prince."

"Don't mind your surroundings and try your best to come in."

At the same time, a red mana began to cascade out of her whole body.

He/she seemed to have been hiding his/her strength because he/she was in a fight right away, but he/she seemed to have unwittingly released the limit as he/she went far beyond what the opponent had thought.

"Come on, wait! Catherine!"

Among those who saw it, it was none other than the youngest daughter of Lindis, Arya al-Lindis.

"Stop it, Catherine! It's too much to use for a daryeon!"

Although she was shouting with an urgent face, Kartlin's eyes flashed red with her tail hanging down, as she could not hear the voice.

"You... you have to stop me!"

Aria, who jumped up in a hurry, tried to jump into the smoke ground, forgetting her usual timid and cautious appearance.

Understand!!

But even before she moved, I stretched out my folding fan and held her back.

Don't come in.