187 # 187

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 11 of the eighth book

If she didn't step up like that, I was rather in trouble here.

It meant that the reason why he had to accept the convention and intentionally brought out the subcontract was not just for interest.

Unlike other forces, magic has great limitations in this world.

Although it can show a variety of capabilities, the limitations of the output were clear.

That's why I needed to compare myself.

Swoosh...

She takes a short breath, sliding one foot lightly.

Boom!!

At the same time, her new model disappeared at the speed of instantaneous space.

Oh, my God... what speed...

It`s almost like stepping into the edge of a winning sword.'

Master does not mean that everyone has the same skills.

Katherine Caravella's movement, which moves with full power, was strictly more than a basic master-level pitch.

The moment you get enlightenment and go over the wall, you will dominate the flow of the opponent.

In the case of the prosecutor's office, it was called a prosecutor's office.

It was the level that reached me the most since I came back to this land.

Even if there is no big difference, her efforts certainly deserve praise.

a bullfight

In time, Katherine, who appeared blurry momentarily as the quiet air bounced, penetrated me with a serious face.

Two boom!

At the same time, a huge air shock wave flew into her place.

Originally unable to overcome her power, she should have been swept away by the shock wave again.

but

Did you avoid it?!

Unseen and unfeeling, she avoided my attack by a hair's breadth.

He did not avoid the attack knowing it.

a near-instinct avoidance

It was an eerie and faithful movement.

Understand!!

In an instant, she stretched out her fist as if she would not give me room to attack again.

Gwon Gang spreads out the fan he has put in advance in a fierce blow.

She turned to hitting her wrist lightly, but she didn't stop at it and fired further.

There was a fight between her, who made an attack as if she had promised, and her attack was blocked and thrown away.

In an instant, dozens of fights went back and forth, digging into each other's gaps.

Each time the attack continued, the shock accumulated on Catherine's body, but she dug in without stopping.

Moving as if she had become a four-legged walking animal, she held my back and loosened her fist as if she had built her toenail.

Then I didn't miss my gap exactly and dug in.

"Tut."

Too much is not good.

Realizing for certain that she wasn't allowed to play hard against her, she hit everything she had like a genius in combat sense.

When I saw her attack flying into my face in an instant, I quickly spread out my line and twirled and reached out to the air with the remaining one hand.

Ring!

A small branch was pulled out of the air with a clear sound and a wave of waves.

There are small golden drops at the end of the black branch.

"Drops?"

If the ship is a defensive weapon.

This lightning bolt is a striking weapon.

She is strong now by the standard of strength I have recovered.

Therefore, I prepared for her attack with some seriousness, as I could see a failure on this side if I simply played with her.

[Salt Hell]

[The Man of the Masterpiece]

[Jin-Hwa-Yeon-Ji-Hwa-Ji]

The flames of the new water burn the earth and devour the sun.

It is a force of nature that cannot be endured even by the world's beast, who is almost perfectly resistant to the magic flame.

Ring!

And as if to announce the end of the fight, a clear, pretty bell rang out once again.

That was the end of the battle.

Knock, knock, knock...

Eventually, Katherine's attack did not reach me and her red-cheeked hand stopped just before my face touched it.

Likewise, my attack did not reach her.

The only thing that was a rattlesnake was just a short distance from her abdomen.

Perhaps because of that, the very feeble flames contained in the drops on the branches evaporated in the air.

"Huh..."

Each other's attack stopped just before the blow.

However, the victory or defeat was clearly revealed.

Katherine, who rolled her eyes in a cold sweat, gasped and stepped back.

"Huhhhh!

Afterwards, he couldn't keep his body under control, kneeling down and vomiting for nothing.

The momentary feeling in her eyes.

The eyes of the blood predator were overwhelmed by the top predator.

Reflexively, her life was not controlled, so she poured it out to her without filtering.

"Are you all right?"

When I carefully asked her, hiding my cold feelings because of her sin, she reached me, who was sitting down.

"......"

He seemed to have felt very well that he had been overwhelmingly defeated even though the attack was not reached.

Katherine's face, which pressed my heart without answering, seemed to be full of people asking what kind of monsters were there.

* * *

"Ha! We're ready!"

"Yeah."

In a dark room.

Looking at Baek Eun's giant sword, which was held in her hand without a word, the girl slowly rose up at the sudden sound of her voice.

Good, good, good.

She used to not wear metal-lined armor, but this time it was different.

Looking down at the armor known to be mixed with Miss Lil and Oryharcon, she soon filled her white, clean arms with metal guards and wore a helmet like a circle.

It hasn't been long since I returned from the Hines estate, but I felt completely different from then.

How did this happen?

She just silently looked down at my hand, as if she had no energy to smile with a self-praise.

It's a beautiful hand. Now I had to bury human blood in my hands.

I didn't learn it to do this.

It's not a sword I learned to slaughter the same person.

Such complicated thoughts are endless.

Illina, wake up, the damage would be worse if it wasn't for you. Don't think of me as a human being. You do what you think is right.

Despite Caldiras' advice, she only had medication.

"For the sake of a cause, for everyone's sake, it doesn't change how I cut people in the end. Caldiras."

The virtue of the article is to protect the weak. You said it to your lips. And speak up, they're bodies. It's not a person, it's a monster, it's just a shell.

It is not seen as a protection for the head, but in fact, considering the protective magic contained in it, it was a much better product than a decent defense.

Dozens of knights in brilliant armor pulled swords and gave examples to her walking out of the tent.

There was not an ounce of mischief on their faces.

There was a great deal of grief and solemnity.

Illina, a girl who looked at thousands of soldiers lining up behind the knights without a word, closed her eyes for a long time and slowly looked up.

White Bird, one of the largest forces in the Palan Empire.

Knights and soldiers who swore allegiance for her.

In the Palan Empire, it was a prestigious army, also known as the leading death squad.

What would it have been like if Davey was here?

Wouldn't it have been easy for them to think about?

I think so, but she felt ashamed of the idea itself.

There is no reason for Davy to deal with dangerous things just because he is strong. This is a matter within the Palan Empire. Then it would be right to end it in your own hands.

Having brushed off her short thoughts, she remained calm and opened her mouth calmly.

"White Bird,"

Her eyes glistened with solemn determination.

"From now on, the entire army will begin its march."

Her expression was filled with grief, which seemed to contain bitter feelings.

* * *

"Ah-ha-ha! I was trampled on like an ant!"

"Really! Why did you do that all of a sudden?"

"Don't do that. Take care of me, Sewoon. I'm sick."

It hurts, so please say "ho"! As she pushed the adjoining Catherine, Aria blushed her face.

But... what do we do? It was so cool.'

To be honest, it was Aria who didn't expect this to happen.

Davy she knew was such a man.

His fierce eyes look scary, but he has a warm heart.

He treated the disease without any reward for himself and gave salvation.

Even when being chased by assassins.

The same was true when he tried to kill himself after collapsing in frustration with his illness.

He helped himself silently.

Was it said that men fit themselves into the world and women fit the world into themselves?

Arya had no choice but to feel the growing fondness for the wonderful prince who did so for her, if nothing else.

I knew he was strong.

What was it like in the forest of Ordem?

He saved himself with magic that seemed to cause a natural disaster.

I knew that he had more medicine than I imagined.

He also knew that he had the title of a saint with the scar, a symbol of divine power.

However, I didn't think of a close race.

Humans usually think that if others are good at one thing, the rest will not be able to do it.

In fact, there is no human being who can do everything. This was him.

At such a time, it's scary to hear that the prince he loves is fighting with Catherine, not anyone else.

Even the outstanding wizard will be at a disadvantage unless there is much difference in ability if he fights in a small place with a man-to-man.

That's why Davy was also young, worried that he would be in trouble this time.

What if you get hurt? What if your opponent breaks a bone?

Should I take care of her or bow my head and apologize?

That kind of worry.

The battle began and completely fell over.

Catherine is an absolute power who has no one to win even in an empire full of talent.

She was so strong that she admitted her defeat that she remembered the way she was at that time without realizing it.

Then, he bowed his head when he remembered Davy, who tried not to back down from Kathleen, who showed all her strength with a calm face, and tried to counterattack her.

Then he wrapped his hands around his face and smiled.

A person who is written by Kong Kkakji looks cool and pretty no matter what the opponent does.

The girl who fell in love was reckless in her mind.

Then he looked at his outfit as if he had just thought of something.

What do we do? What if you don't like this look? What if they don't think I'm pretty?'

Katherine, who was quick to notice, looked at it as if it was interesting and rather as if it were good.