182 # 182

The Manreb hero is coming back!

eight volumes and six episodes

There was a violent dust wind with a huge explosion.

The ground that couldn't overcome the impact was turned upside down.

It was because it created a huge wavelength.

a powerful blow beyond the endurance of even a few

But I withdrew without hesitation from the subtle touch that came from my fingertips.

It is a basic method of using mana that catches the opponent's mana flow and turns the inside into a real mana.

Mana Resistance is an unstable technology that can be easily shaken off, but it was also a technology that could kill people who panicked like a woman just now without pain and without physical damage.

But my attack forced me to twist my direction just before it reached her.

As a result, the Elf woman, who was actually the target, was safe, but the ground right next to her was turned over as if she had scratched her with something ferocious.

"Laughing!"

Her face, which sank with hiccups, had a terrible fear.

"......"

Davey?

As if curious as I had stopped the attack suddenly, Persec called me.

Why the attack...

Use your powers.'

To speak calmly, I looked at Ignatril, frowning and receiving the power of Noah's.

The world number is not an idiot.

Even if they came here at this level and clashed with each other, they would know that the result was their annihilation, but they did not have to come.

Then I threw out a suggestion that I wouldn't even accept.

Did he really do this because he had no thoughts?

Really

Did he bring a mother who had a baby in her stomach because she had no thoughts?

"Oh, my God."

At that time, my thought-provoking impression was frowned upon.

Oh, my God.

On the contrary, Persek's face, which used the power of abyss, turned pale to an elf woman who collapsed at my words.

No matter how hard it is to beat a woman to death, it is not a good idea to kill a woman who has an innocent child.

This, in common sense, is something wrong.

"World number."

As expected, you have an eye for sure.]

"Are you crazy?"

Whoo!

At the same time, the space where the body of Igdrasil, which endured the power of Noah, was crushed, causing a huge air explosion.

It is clearly an attack that cannot have much effect on the world's male population with physical abilities below the average person.

However, I was frowned upon, and without thinking about anything else, I jumped at him and grabbed the head of the world's tree and lifted him.

The short world body eventually rose into the air, held in my hands.

[Huh...]

I wiped my face at her, who was groaning in pain.

You said you were dumbfounded and get cold when you're angry.

There is no reason for me to be angry at the treatment of the Elf mother, but the fact that I tried to pop the woman with a child from the inside to kill her creates an x-like situation.

"The minor elves are perfectly protected. The E.L.F. told the World Sue that all of them were children."

I made eye contact with her, speaking calmly.

Clearly, the situation is much higher here.

But Igdrasil looked down at me with no qualms.

It's the last notification. Give me back the glass now.]

"I refuse."

Then the elves and humans will only cross the river that will never come back.]

She turned her eyes away, speaking calmly.

[Penella... I'm sorry.]

What is sorry about?

A woman named Penela, who was struggling to lift herself up with a pale face, opened her eyes wide.

I will remember your sacrifice forever.

The calm murmur soon gave Penela a solemn look as if she had made up her mind.

Then he picked up one of the layers and slowly got up.

Isn't that funny, open is the world. He's the source of the Elves and his landowner.]

"......"

But in the new world, like Uri, there are those who question the idea of the dead.

I frowned when I realized what she meant.

Boom!!!

Penela, who simultaneously lifted the Laffier...

He stabbed himself in the heart to commit suicide.

All five of the elite guards were killed.

There was silence everywhere.

[Coughing] ...that's a victory for a woman. I have taken advantage of you, but what I have to do is to deal with the flow of the world...]

She is.

I have created a cause by making them all killed horribly.

I should have known from the time I walked proudly in a fight that didn't have a chance.

I put her down roughly without a word at the murmur of the bitter Igdrasil.

She gave me a puzzled look at my sudden action.

But soon I had a slight moan at my wicked touch holding her head.

"You don't have enough dog-eat-dogs in other people's land, and now you come to my house and do this nonsense? So, you're just an incarnation, so you're gonna die and go back?"

My people were brutally murdered.

Women holding children were also mixed.

The spirit of the elf, the incarnation of World Sue, also died in human hands.

He didn't die in a fight.

World Sue Ignacill would have told the elves in the Holy Land of the New World.

I will negotiate peacefully with humans.

Of course, the untrue elves would have admired the world's decision to pursue peace.

However, the body of the world's number died out, and the agency guards who followed her to protect her were brutally murdered.

There is a pretty interesting scene.

Only the number of people in the world can report the news to the Holy Land.

After all, it is like playing around with the actions of World Sue Ignacil.

For the Elves in the Holy Land, I have become a ruthless villain who enjoys blood and slaughter.

The world leader believed in humans again for peace, but became a victim of betrayal and devastation.

It is impossible to pick up the spilled water.

If then,

"Okay. It's coming out this way, do whatever you want."

Defeating with the Elves in the Holy Land remains unchanged from the beginning.

If the opponent comes out this way, this side will have no choice but to go dirty.

One hand without a grasp of the head reached out to the side and put the index and middle finger on it.

Then there was a black color in my eyes when I pulled up Command Manna.

If you need such hostility toward me, I'll help you with my two arms up.

"Put up all the elves in your holy place and attack by all means. I told you this to Uriah, but I'll tell you myself, so open your ears and stick it in."

I snarled violently at the world number that did not resist as if to kill it quickly.

"The moment your body catches my eye. That will be the day when the pillars of the world are cut down. The war started with you. The blame falls on you."

[Cook...Cook...]

If you made fun of people, you should at least eat something.

The power with a number of powerful top curses fluctuates at the fingertips.

Although the warmth filled the surroundings, Ignacil smiled lightly as if he had no intention of resisting.

Even though she could resist as much as she could by raising her power, she did not use force as if to kill her.

Someday, all the elves will come here to kill you. Besides, there's always something in favor of the elf. Can you bear it? If so many of these species that have suddenly been exposed to the world have been attacking you,]

The excuse is the death of five elves and the body of the world's sign language.

War doesn't need a big reason to start.

at the time of the earth's past First World War

What was the cause?

Only two people were assassinated.

I gave a cold answer and let go of my hand holding her head.

Then he growled violently and made eye contact with her.

"Do you like the letter m? Do you like Wonhyung?"

[What?]

Poof!!

Then she put the black magic with a large amount of curses in her forehead.

From simple curses to curses that encroach on the New World.

Bear the curse of customizing a Death Road ticket somewhere.

Hair loss and atopic dermatitis are a bonus, you damn punk.

"Yeah, war... war's good, come if you're coming."

[Huh?!]

"First of all, the one who comes first."

I spat out a low warning looking at the shape of the body that slowly began to collapse.

"I'll destroy your dog!"

Puck!!

The head of the remaining body of the body is completely smashed.

The declaration of war against the whole race,

It was more neat and creepy than I thought.

* * *

"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh."

a quiet field

A woman with a bright brown skin slowly rose, moaning.

She soon looked around with a blank face and murmured, starting her upper body by pressing her poor chest with one hand, as if the pain had not yet gone despite the recovery magic.

"What's happening... I'm definitely dead..."

As she said so, she soon found me and opened her eyes.

"Long time no see, Jack."

I can't believe you haven't seen me in the whole time.

Her eyes opened wide at my subsequent words.

Then, as if he had realized something for a moment, he put his hand on my chest and stammered.

"Mo... ...a necklace!"

"Let's not put on disguise. I knew it from the beginning. Aina Helishana."

She looked up at me in silence at my words.

His eyes were clearly on alert.

"How could you possibly have my name..."

"Ask me later, I'm not in a good mood enough to answer kindly."

I, who mumbled bitterly, carried her around without a word.

It`s absolutely stable for the time being. I barely saved your life, so don't think about wasting your blood and just stay on your back."

She was confused by what I said but said nothing.

* * *

The leaves of the giant tree, which were emitting a huge light, shook.

A woman slowly began to embody the shape of her roots that came out of the floor.

Her identity is the world's Sue Ignacil.

It was the body of a giant tree and the body of a flower.

[Uh...]

She collapsed in a painful groan and gasped.

It was a terrible pain.

The body is not the main body, but it is part of the new family.

Part of it was completely smashed into a human hand.

Of course, the rebound was not light as it contained a lot.

[Cough]

She went down to the silent altar, where there was no one, and she took off her clothes, giving out a harsh cough.

In an instant, she quickly moved and immersed herself in a clear, transparent lake that was held to one side of her roots. It was the most sacred lake for its existence.

Igdrasil's body, which was washing down like a patient with tuberculosis who was thrown into a bug den and came out, stiffened.

At the same time, her fist, which was washing down, was crushed.

[Curses on the body of the old tree] You have a big liver. If it had not been for the first time in his life, he would have immediately erased the natural resources that existed in the land.

Mumbling in her locked voice, she dipped her fair skin into the lake.

The primary goal has been achieved.

Originally, the plan to bring Yuri back failed, but it brought together the political positions that were secretly divided inside the sacred places of the new tree.

The enemy is a comrade.

The extremists and moderates who clash with each other will now vent their endless anger toward the young man named Davy O'Loun and his estate.

Although it has become like taking over countless curses from the human just before the body dies, is it difficult to say, "This is a curse?"

I thought so. In fact, the lake, where she is immersed, has the effect of washing away everything dirty, leaving only the clean ones.

Now the curse that has permeated your body will soon die down.

[Hmm?]

I thought so.

However, Igdracil's figure soon opened his eyes wide when he saw some of his long hair hanging from his fingertips.

It was a large amount of hair that caught my finger.

"Oh, my God! Mother's new leaf is falling!!"

"I think something happened to my mother! The priests, hurry up and go see your mother! Summon all the rest of the water spirits and call out the spell of healing!!"

An urgent cry reached her sharp ear. You're saying that kids are coming in this situation?

[......]

Silence lasted longer than I thought.