188 # 188

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 12 of the Eight Books

* * *

Cheesy!

A man appeared on a transparent bead with light noise.

How's everything going, Lord Catherine?]

"More than I thought."

[Ho...... did you say that the prince liked you?]

He sounded surprising.

"Sleep in your heart, and accept what you have to admit. At least my dusk won't get hurt. He's someone you have to keep as an ally."

I was a little concerned that he might abuse his promise with Your Majesty.

Arya is often hidden in the Empire.

Even under the protection of Grand Duke Catherine, Prince Albert, and Emperor Deord, who is also called the absolute emperor, there were still many people who felt sorry for her because the idea of Suin Heaven remained so deep-rooted.

Therefore, I needed someone to protect me.

[Suddenly asked for a fight, so she was embarrassed, and she'd be angry with you if she knew. She's a pure and good girl, but in some ways she's smart.]

"I don't want to pass on this complicated identity issue to you. All he has to do is to have a fresh love. If it's your choice, whether it's a concubine or a court lady, I'll just follow his decision."

She, speaking calmly, wiped her smile off her face.

"But if you drag on like that, you might have a big accident."

Obviously, if you're that lanky prince with that hangover-like temper, it might take years for the two to naturally face each other.]

"The prince declined the offer of engagement. I just poked it, but it was the same. People are careful. He's careful and considerate."

Oh, the youngest must be having a hard time. Is there a way?]

"I can't confirm it right away... "

Catherine lowered her gaze.

"How about sending a formal engagement to the Royal Family of the Loun Kingdom? The prince said so, but the king of the Louns wouldn't miss the chance."

Davy is strong. It was clearly felt by Catherine, who had competed and checked it out herself.

That's why we shouldn't have missed him.

They had to keep a monster by their side that would never touch her.

Even if it shakes the simple and fresh love that the two think.

"I think it's good. We're pushing from behind. Perhaps in the Kingdom of Loun, we will positively consider the marriage of the nation."

At the words, Albus, who was standing in the video, smiled.

You must have liked Prince David so much.]

"I've never seen such a ridiculously strong person in my life. If he hadn't stopped at the end, we wouldn't have been able to talk like this."

Suin fighters tend to treat the strong.

In the meantime, he thought that anyone who beat Catherine would be worthy of being treated.

Albus murmured unexpectedly at Katherine's words.

[I've heard the rumor before, but you feel it?] No one else, but the Lord Catherine the Great?]

"I didn't even use the sword of main weapon in the first place, and there was a clear difference in skills... ...especially the last real attack."

As soon as I remembered that time, I felt goosebumps all over my body.

The fear of being exposed to the eyes of the top predator, which seemed to choke the whole body, was real.

The gap in power that can be felt in the overwhelming power that has rarely been felt for decades.

[That's not normal for the great man to say that] Where on earth did such a person come from...]

"It's not just a kid. The way you see me now and then... ...there's so much I'm hiding to be a kid of his age."

He swallowed his saliva more than he could have imagined.

"I don't want to miss any more. All I can think of is a man like him to let her down."

The giggling woman soon cut off contact and smiled dismally.

a festival rejuvenated by the dusk of the year

Aria will be in full swing preparing to watch the festival, guided by Davy.

It took some time for the red-haired, blue-haired twin to get caught between the two.

Hongdan and Cheongdan.

It's a little unusual name, but Prince Davy is definitely raising it like a daughter.

Does it matter if you're cute?'

It won't be a big problem because Arias likes children.

[But he's so stubborn that even if he sends an official letter...]

"We need to create a situation. The situation."

If it doesn't work, I'll make it work.

Apparently, the prince doesn't seem to dislike Aria.

The problem is the attitude that seems to be seen as a cute younger brother.

a man and a woman of virtue

To be honest, Katherine was envious of the fact that they looked good together.

"Our dusk has such a beautiful figure. The prince's eyes are really twisted. If it were me, I'd eat it up."

If you do something strange to my brother, you won't be safe.]

Katherine waved her hand at the royal tomb of Prince Albert.

"Oh, come on, I'm the Great Prince, the Great Bull Fox. I learned how to take a man's heart from my mother."

The hungry man said, "The Lord does not mind the rice cake."

"You need to drug them and lock them up in your room, and they'll only to back them up. I think there's a festival. There's a lot of people."

Albus, who was sweating at Catherine's grimly smiling words, shook his head.

It was then.

[Huh? Is that true?]

Albert's expression hardened when he received a sudden report.

"What's going on?"

I'm sorry, Grand Duke, but I'll withdraw all my plans. Guard Arya right now and return to the imperial court.

"What? You don't know what I've been trying to do to create an opportunity. Why all of a sudden..."

A lion from the Palan Empire is here. Something serious seems to have happened.]

Katherine's face, irritated by the words, was frowned at once.

It's oil even if you sprinkle ashes on the finished rice!

* * *

"Phew"

Standing in front of the mirror with a nervous face, Aria sighed briefly and calmed down.

I don't know how long I've been waiting for this day.

I've been looking forward to this day since the first day I met him.

She just wanted to get to know one man named Davy and one man to woman, regardless of the location of the kingdom or empire.

If it works out.

"The child in a peaceful house... no, did you say Chengdan was Hongdan? Don't you think it's okay if you don't need them because they have them? With two children, with her...'

Seeing two little children running around in the garden and herself giving him a knee pillow, she quickly dyed her face red and shook her head like a child who had made a mistake.

Her expression looked uneasy as if she had been caught in a bad imagination.

"You're so beautiful. Dreadful dusk!

"Thank you. Cheer up. You need to look good on him."

To do so, he needed to appeal his charm.

Sadly, he hasn't been attracted to himself yet, but he wanted to stand by his side to make sure he couldn't.

The scent of Sansuyu had long been her favorite scent.

At this moment, I was so grateful for her appearance as one of the six beauties of the continent.

It's something I didn't think of when I was in a hideous state, but it was now possible.

After finishing her cute and innocent makeup, she also wore a dress that highlighted her dreamy image.

Just in case, please ask the ladies if they even prepared underwear.

The beauty of a twist?

Shame on you, Arias could do anything if you could see him.

With a happy smile on her face, she smiled as if to reflect on Davy's coming to pick her up soon.

When the festival with beautiful scenery was over, you could now hand over the last gift you had prepared.

The contents of the present are small pendant.

It was the twin accessories that she had shaped like a pendant.

I don't know if I'll take it, but I thought I'd be happy just to have her and him in the same pendant.

Click, click.

"Oh, Catherine?"

When an unexpected figure entered, Aria, who was pricking her ears, made a questionable face.

But Catherine's expression wasn't very good.

But not noticed by the impending throbbing event, Arya took up more courage than usual and waved the hem of her dress around with one hand without holding the box.

"Katrinn, what do you think of this dress? I'm sure he'll like..."

"I'm sorry, my lady."

"What..."

"Your Majesty's order to return to the palace right now has been dropped."

A small box in her hand fell off her horse.

Aria couldn't be so resentful of the old saying that if she had no luck, she would break her nose even if she fell.

* * *

Slowly, very slowly, the time when the wind of war begins to blow under the leadership of world numbers.

The Palan Empire was confused by the extremely large unintended small accident.

No, to be exact, most of the countries in the granary of a number of fortresses, including the southern province of the Palan Empire, Hello Sanseong.

a huge conference room with a gloomy atmosphere

There, several men and women exchanged glances, silent and silent toward each other.

"According to the message from the Royal Highness, the battlefield is in a bad shape. For now, all he has to do is put all he can to make sure that the wires don't get pushed back. We need to send reinforcements."

"Oh, my God... ...that's how White Bird was on the defensive?"

A huge combat army of knights and soldiers led by Illinois.

Originally the name of the small Knights, it is now a huge division in charge of one of the pillars of the Palan Empire.

White Bird.

The prestige has long been part of the absolute power of the Palan Empire, with their track record of solidly united her years ago.

"What on earth is that mysterious monster?"

"Well... ...it was a monster I've never heard of in my life. I've never heard that the undead of a single object is so strong."

a huge undead with only one old robe on it

The monster, who woke up from the ancient dungeon, swallowed a large territory in just a few days and is still moving northward, calling its number.

"It's undead at least! If you use a sophisticated strategy..."

"Undead is using the strategy. ambush, entice, retreat, siege."

Some of the aristocrats threw up their spirits, saying that it was nonsense.

"Let's be realistic. The Prince Ha-ha, who left for the Tobals, was killed. This is no longer a simple case."

It's a war between humans and monsters that woke up in the dungeon.

The following voices silenced the crowd.

"The Crown Prince has been rumored to be a wise man since he was a child. Following his studies, he stood out in tactics. Who would have expected such a fallen crown prince to be killed in action.

"You mustn't just let it go. The enemy brought back the Crown Prince's body to join the army."

The army of the undead was neither human nor monster.

All the murderers were brought back to power.

The monster's march, which could be killed or killed, was a nightmare itself.