184 # 184

The Manreb hero is coming back!

eight volumes and eight episodes

It seemed to come from here to say that you shudder at the awkwardness.

'No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. ''

During the festival, he did not face the nobles or royalty of other territories who visited the territory.

Of course, it would be endless if we were facing each and every one of them.

In that sense, the same is true of this number girl in front of her.

She had a slightly different case.

She didn't come here to see the festival or anything.

Clearly, it was a regular diagnosis.

She has been treated by me before.

"Well, are you uncomfortable with me?"

She looked up at me carefully and with an anxious expression, as if she was quick to sense.

"No, I've been looking at the situation. The disease doesn't seem to be a problem."

"Oh, thank you very much. I didn't even get to greet you properly then..."

Her face brightened with relief at once at my answer.

However, he was quickly surprised, bowed his head, and looked restless.

His ears are red too. He's so cute.

Persec flew from place to place, wondering if she wanted to embrace the little dangry at once.

"By the way, I was a little surprised. I would have prepared at least if you could have sent me a train to come."

It's a lie.

"I'm sorry. I'm being stubborn, so..."

I think you're lying. Just by looking at it, it smells strongly encouraged by the side.

"No, eat it. The tea smells good."

Carefully reaching for my words and savoring the tea, she gently opened her eyes wide.

Although Uria Helishana mainly uses geeky ingredients, its ability to hang tea still has a tradition that no one can follow in its lordship.

Of course, there is a great deal of knowledge in the general use of non-strange materials.

"It smells really good."

"It's tea with elisyl leaves. It's a little rare herb that only grows in Elf's forest."

"Oh...I see."

The sight of her looking around because she couldn't find a place to look at again made her surroundings silent again.

"Ah... Abu."

Hong Dan, who didn't like such a quiet atmosphere, pulled my collar wildly with a tearful look.

"Hongdan, come here."

When I hugged her, Aria pricked up her ears and looked up.

Then he looked at Hong Dan, who was pierced, and at Cheng Dan hiding behind me and sticking out his head.

"Uh...Uh...Uh..."

Of course, the two children, bewildered by the sudden interest, made the sound of being sick.

"Well... those two kids were dads to the prince a little while ago..."

Was that what he was curious about?

Her expression of courageous asking contained a psychology as if she was eager for something.

I think I know what she is.

What is it?

Well?

With a grin, Persec stepped back like a joke.

"Hongdan, Chungdan should say hi, right? It's Arya the Empress."

"Eh...Ehria."

It was Hongdan who mumbled his name quietly, brooding on my words.

"Ears... ...cute!"

Her eyes glistened at the behavior of two children, who wondered if she knew she was also cute.

Then he opened his eyes wide and shouted with a courageous face.

"Well... Wow, Prince! I know it's rude, but... ..if I may ask you a question..."

"Yes, you can."

"Oh, thank you! It's... it's... it's... it's... it's like... maybe two kids..."

When I was silent to her question, she gibberish and managed to finish.

"Oh, are you your own daughter.

one's own daughter

In a sense, the children born in my hands are right.

However, it would be a little different from the concept of being her own daughter as she is not a human being.

"It's a little subtle. First of all, the kids I raise are right."

Her calm answer gave her a bright color.

It turned red, got flustered, and then it turned red.

She was a curiously colorful face.

"Sigh..."

After a short sigh, she rolled her eyes.

He rolled his eyes as if he didn't know what to say and said carefully.

"Well, I just wanted to say thank you! Well, that's what I mean."

"You said that a while ago."

"Ah!"

The sight of her eyes wide open as if she were about to cry...

He had a cuteness that made him want to be bothered.

Hold it in, hold it in.

What if Emperor Theodore finds out after bullying her? The emperor, who is a taciturn but terrible daughter fool, is sure to be furious and cause soldiers.

No matter how hard the country was, I wanted to refuse the tiredness of waging war against the Empire.

'By the way, I think I'll have to do a thorough examination.'

"Just in case, could you show me your back?"

"What?"

"I'll give you a thorough examination just in case."

She stood up in a hurry, flustered at my words.

I think you understand me.

"Oh... I see. I'm sorry, but I'm gonna have to...

"Hmm?"

I felt like I misunderstood something.

"I'm taking off my clothes, and I'm embarrassed to see..."

"Ah..."

It was a rare experience for me to be embarrassed because I was so naive.

"Dress... ...you don't have to take it off. Just turn your back."

Only then did she realize her misunderstanding and began to cry out of shame.

When I was treated as a member of Parliament, my voice sounded as if it had been lowered to give up all my self-interest.

Perhaps because of that, she flinched loudly and looked down.

It was really cute.

Whoo... Whoo...

There has been no dialogue since then.

In the subtle silence I put my hand on her back and pulled Manna up.

With light vibrations, the buzzing resonant sound spread silently around.

"Huh...Huh."

I thought it would be great without that subtle sound that Manna heard every time I entered, but Persek just giggled as soon as he knew that I was really enjoying the sight of me in trouble.

And

"Lune, very good visual data, complete. value this highly"

As soon as it came, Lünne smiled grimly from outside the window and turned her dress upside down.

"Oh, my God!"

Surprised by Lünne's sudden appearance, Arya screamed cutely and I held her by her shoulder and fixed her.

"Stay still. Don't move."

The atmosphere is the atmosphere, the awkwardness is the awkwardness.

As a result, you should forget all those little things during the course of treatment.

She was hardened to a delicate position as if she had been stiffened by my firm words, but I didn't say anything and spread Manna more carefully and pushed her into her body.

Unlike other diseases, the fusion acceleration virus is quite easy to detect and categorize as mana.

As such, it was sufficiently confirmed that he just put his hands on the floor and looked at his body without going through complicated things rather than diagnosing it with medicine for nothing.

The disease is not completely gone, but the number of pathogens is too small and shabby to recur now.

only

What is this?

There was something strange in her body.

I've never seen this before. It feels as if something above has been planted.

It looks like you've had it since you were born. He is completely unaware of it.

"I think I'll be cured in about a month at the most. In the meantime, you should never overdo it."

She nodded wildly at my calm words.

"Poo-hoo... ...David, get more good visual data. If you hand it over to Yuria, you can turn it into a lot of palate data."

If you show this to Yuria, she'll give you a lot of food.

Lünne's taunts set fire in my eyes.

"You go out, man. Go out and play with the kids."

"Lune, say no. Today, Davey will take a vacation. demands that Lünne be guaranteed free action."

"......"

Lünne was protesting that she was free to do what she would do because she gave her vacation.

Now, I didn't want to take back what I gave you, so it's finally on my side to declare a white flag.

"That's it. You can turn around now."

"Go... Thank you."

With a red face and her head down, she looked at me carefully.

"Well, Prince."

"Yes."

"If you don't mind, may I give you a gift?""

Suddenly I wondered at her words, and I nodded silently.

Then she held out the little basket she had brought when she first met me.

It's chocolate from a confectionery maker that's popular in the Central Continent! G, I made it myself. Please accept it!"

Receiving a basket at her courageous cry, I suddenly wondered if it was similar to Valentine's Day, which was popular on Earth in its previous life.

"Valentine... ..."

After thinking about it, I opened my eyes wide.

"Thank you, Lady Hwang."

Then, he expressed his gratitude without self-interest.

"Yes? Ah... yes! I am!"

She seems to have taken it in a different sense, but it was already after the simulation went quickly in my head to make money using anniversaries.

That's what fashion is.

If it is made in moderation, it develops itself and becomes a culture.

And

That kind of culture.

That's a lot of money!

What am I supposed to do with this moneyworm...

Persec's expression of clinging his tongue was full of patheticness.

But I was determined to make a clean breast of what happened now.

Fashion is supposed to spread by the action of a person with a high position.

I didn't know now.

How big a boomerang this decision will be...

* * *

"Nice to meet you, Prince. My name is Catherine Carabella, Grand Duke of Lindis."

She was a very polite greeting, but she felt like she was forced to match it.

"Nice to meet you, Lord Catherine. I've heard of the great name."

In fact, we cannot say that we don't know the truth, but we cannot say that we don't know it.

It was none other than this pumpkin-colored woman in front of me who improved the atmosphere of Aria and my immediate suffocation.

Suddenly appearing in a terrible silence, she and I have been separated from each other and asked me to have a private meeting.

I've heard of Grand Catherine when she was in Caldiras's eye. the greatest fighter in the Lindis Empire

At the murmur of Persec, I turned my head silently and looked to the side by side.

"Forgive me this unexpected disrespect. You can't let the dusk fall. As you said, I was stubborn and came here all of a sudden."

I gritted my teeth with a smile at her words.

You were the culprit.

Nevertheless, he did not show his face.

"In fact, I was curious. Who is the prince who is so into our innocent princess?"

"Well... I don't know. Thank you for your kindness, but the prince of a small country like me is too interested in her."

"Oh, my God, I didn't expect you to be so humble."

The giggled woman shined her playful eyes.

She was a woman with a smile that felt dangerous.

The level was incomparable, but it felt like it had dangerous cells comparable to a psycho four-woman who was rolling around in a corridor.

"I've heard this before, but you have to be absolutely careful with women like this.'

Why is that?

'Cause I'm my natural enemy.'

A mass of people who are strong in power, but cannot communicate and continue to do unimaginable things.

"It's best not to get involved with a psycho like that. I bet this woman is the case. It's a tired style when you're never involved.

Persek tilted his head at my words.