197 # 197

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 21 of the Eight Books

The coalition's field command, which was filled with the reaction of winning, of course.

Someone's painful moan was heard in a calm atmosphere as if it were pouring cold water.

"Wow... cowardly men, how dare you rush in droves..."

It was none other than the Duke of Allah, one of the commanders of the Chevalokites who came to aid from the Contas Empire.

He exuded a ferocious spirit that would destroy anyone now caught by shame and anger.

"In just one day... ...I lost a lot of soldiers."

The first battle with the undead was not difficult.

Rather, the first battle against 20,000 undeads was a vain victory to the point of despair.

Those who shouted for sudden abandonment of strategic tactics, but they were caught in the trap of a trap, but only advanced.

Is it because of that?

Unlike ever before, the Union's morale soared in its overwhelming first battle, and everyone praised Prince Salivan, who led the battle, and Alice, the sex candidate who showed outstanding divine magic.

Prince Davy, who was potentially the strongest for the Allies, was virtually unimportant.

The important thing was that they survived the battle and those who were in front of them who led them to the great victory.

Of course, as things went well, the Allied attack became relentless and even planned to overturn the war situation, which was only focused on continuing to defend.

In fact, it was half successful.

They repaired the fortress and recovered several small territories that were actually occupied by the Undead army.

That was good enough.

On the other hand, Illina, who returned from sweeping other battlefields, raised her voice, saying, "We need to get help from Davy," but it was only a childish complaint that could not be heard by those who were already influenced by the power of Prince Salivan and Alice.

Lady Alice pointed out there in a straightforward Alice pointed out Illinois.

Many people have died so far because you were incompetent. I admit you're talented, but you're still too young to kill something.

It was also a moment that Illinois, which had kept the undead from escaping the fortress, was treated as an incompetent dusk.

It was a daunting situation for Illinois.

Lady candidate Alice was brilliant.

She quickly assumed the state of the war and the victory of the uprising, only a few days later she established her power within the coalition.

It did not include Lindis's Grand Duke Catherine, Julis, or Illina, who had clashed with her from the beginning.

Therefore, she made them scatter to defend their respective districts through the help of Prince Saliban, who joined hands with her.

As a result, there are no people left to raise questions about her opinion.

So, everything seemed to work out her way.

The name of her praise was going up.

'I'll take the lead. Now is the time when the undead attack has slowed down. I will take the lead and condemn those who refuse divine providence.'

I don't know if it's a waste of my life, or if it's a strong heart that I'm willing to give my life for the purpose.

It was also for a moment that the Tobal Byeoldongdae was set up immediately following the joining of the Knights of the Sex and some outstanding people, led by Alice, the candidate of the saint.

but

The sound of the huge bugle heard just before the punitive force left forced the Allies to watch their plans collapse in an instant.

It was an urgent request for relief from each fortress.

It was an undead that had been liver-watching alternately attacking eight fortresses.

Although strategic tactics were used, it was also true that basic specifications were enough to prevent them.

However, it was also a moment for the situation to change.

The opponent's necromancer suddenly began to attack as if the prank was over, and the Allies went on defense accordingly.

I won once, but I don't think I can win twice.

It was a foolish judgment.

To protect each fortress, the fighting stopped and scattered.

The other three fortresses were taken overnight, except for three fortresses commanded by Illinois, one led by the Great Queen Catherine Carabella, and one where the Allied headquarters were located.

There were many injuries, and there were screams and painful cries everywhere.

Alice's divine power could not cure them.

Weakening is all that've got.

It was for a moment that cold water was poured into the atmosphere of the union, where morale was rising endlessly.

* * *

"I'll be blunt. Help me."

"I said no."

respond with a firm answer to a firm request

Prince Salivan's eyes opened wide for a short time when he calmly refused with a look on his face as if he had flown in a fly.

"Prince Davy."

"Prince Salivan, war is about our roles. You don't know what this means, do you know what this means."

"......"

"I definitely asked from the beginning to send it to the front line. I knew that I wasn't just making that decision for fame unless I was a fool. But now that you have a strong opponent, do you ask for help? Did you see me as a tool to use when I needed it?"

"But..."

"In the beginning, I was not part of the Allies. I came here to help myself."

He was finally silent about what I said.

"You don't need my help, so when you're stuck in the back, you're always at a disadvantage, so you turn your hand over and ask for help?"

"Many people were killed and injured."

"There will be more deaths and injuries in the future. Whatever the ever-increasing Allied forces are, they will not lose their spirits unless they solve the undead poison they have."

Even if he doesn't look at the situation, he says he understands it, but he failed to refute it.

"I'm here for the food originally exported here. But now it's meaningless. Now I'm done here with the teachings of the goddess Priya, who has been doing all the medical work."

It is not too late to get food a little late if the most important means of dealing with the war against the world's population is back treatment.

"Prince Davy, hold on!"

He woke up in a hurry and shouted.

"I'll take it. I was stupid. Please help me. We can no longer afford to watch a person die."

In the midst of all this, you will come out clean.

My eyes were cold when I sighed.

"Okay, let's say I help. By the way,"

His eyes wiggled at my smile.

"What, can't you see the man who caused this?"

"What?"

"Gender candidate Alice. Is she a papal saint? I don't know why you're so stiff."

What is the root cause of this situation that she is not showing her face?

"Tell the candidate Alice. Do as much as you can to look down on people because it was the last time you looked down on them."

Even though I am an honorary saint, I am above her in the Holy Land.

And what?

You need help. You want me to come quickly?

Do women need common sense treatment when they have lost both the upper and the bottom and the lower.

"Come on... wait a minute!"

"Lune, the Allied Staff is coming. Let's see him off."

"If you refuse, you're gonna let bloodshed?"

"I'm busy treating patients, so kick them out."

"Huh... ..Lünne appreciates David's outspokenness."

Turning away without hesitation, I passed him.

"Prince Davy!"

At that time, Salivan, who was looking at me silently, urgently called me back.

"Do you still have something to say?"

"There are soldiers dying at this moment. If the prince doesn't help me, I will continue to do so."

His words gave me a smirk at his words.

Now try to put pressure on public opinion.

I replied in a relaxed tone to him who looked at me confidently, whether he knew that Illina's expression was getting more and more ugly.

"I joined the Union, but I was demoted to the rear at the order of my staff, so what power did I have?"

"I'm the staff! Past orders don't matter, so even now..."

"And it's not only there that people are dying, but it's here as well."

As soon as I let go of my hand, I won't be able to save all the patients who are pushing madly into the rear command.

"I'm doing my job perfectly..."

His expression darkened as he blurted out the end of his speech.

"I don't think that's the case with the people in front of me. Ha... ...who should I blame for this?"

* * *

"Why don't you step forward?"

Illina, who was sitting down and being treated for her arm, took off her circle roughly.

"Me? What's the difference? I know your personality. You want me to step up there and light you up? Don't forget—I'm going crazy in anger."

Her tone had become quite rough, perhaps because of the war that was killing dozens of people overnight.

"Whose side should I be on? For the sake of the Empire, I have to ask you for help. But... is this the right thing to do? You're not an empire, you're a helper who's here to help the empire, and what if you ignore all of his opinions and treat them as you please? What happens next?"

She gave a firm look.

"You'll be the one now. I could be other people in the future. And then the boomerang will come to me."

"Hmm..."

"The most annoying thing is. But Alice, the main culprit of this, didn't even put her head on it, you know?"

She spoke as if she were dumbfounded.

"When it comes to commanding, or black magic, the Empire has to match the Holy Land's opinion. It's a treaty. So I'm watching the tyranny of candidate Alice, but this isn't right. To make sure this doesn't happen in the future..."

She blurted out the end of her speech.

After that, I got up when I finished the treatment and lowered my sleeves again.

"When I have a chance. Hold the flag."

"It's hot."

"So please. Davy, I don't know what you're trying to do. But when it's over and all the issues of interest are dealt with..."

Please help me... ...I'll give you anything I can.

Her appeal, unlike others, was filled with anxiety for soldiers who were still at war.

* * *

The undead army's offensive grew stronger.

At first, the top undeads who were just relaxing to watch started to join.

The undead's aggressiveness is further accelerated.

The most upsetting thing would have been none other than Illinois.

She led her men out of the same pot and has kept them at the expense of her life.

That's what she said.

Hang on till I come and you'll figure it out.

I was a monster that she'd seen in common sense impossible to explain.

Even if the opponent was strong, she never showed as much strength as I have seen.

In fact, she thoroughly analyzed the situation, prevented the undead's attack, and managed to protect the fortress.

But the men who joined the coalition ruined it all. The three fortresses were taken away in an instant by undead's offensive, which seemed to be the end of the prank.

I've been fighting like hell, and I'm going to burst my costume with the hard trolls of the leaders of the coalition.

As a result, I didn't care whether it was this or that in my position.

If I hadn't stepped up and provoked him, the Allied forces with useless hope would continue to ram their soldiers without knowing they were rotting.

There would not have been as much damage as the first rout, but as soon as it lasted, there would have been several times as much damage as there would have been.

I will make endless sacrifices under the pretext of a holy war.

On the contrary, the coalition forces, which have been unable to fight recklessly as the offensive has intensified due to my provocation, are failing to fight properly and continuing to retreat.

Is it because of that?

Rather, the number of deaths after the first battle was decreasing more than expected.

To fight against the enemy because he is a formidable.

And, oh, I don't think this is it. Retreat right away.

There was nothing more to see which side would be more casualties.

Of course, avoiding combat did not prevent disease, so the increase was the number of soldiers who were exposed to the disease and were taken to the rear.

"An additional patient! Everyone is suffering from a terrible skin disease!"

Move all of them to ward one, and we'll move as soon as we're done with this. Lünne."

"Lune, waiting."

"Go check the situation and take precautions if you can solve it with the information I gave you."

"Roger."

Her cute hand salute was made and her eyes were all over the place as she fluttered wings on her back.

Since it was the first time I've ever seen this kind of race, Lünne's attention was more intense than I thought.

As expected, the medical center of the rear command was very busy.

The offensive's intensifying and the death toll has decreased... ...and this is a very unexpected result.

"I put some brainwashing on it."

I had a brainstorm against eight-circle giants Richie and Claire Orpan.

The attack was strongly antagonistic and, on the contrary, he erased his persistence beyond a certain period.

Due to this, the undead's offensive is strong, but on the contrary, he does not pursue it until the end, so if he runs away, he can retreat without any major problems.

The command's position was very upset by the continuous defeat, but I was watching the situation in a relaxed manner.

They will be frustrated as they keep losing the land.

It is also very interesting to watch the positions of coalition staff Salivan and sex candidate Alice decrease in real time.

It's been about a week since the offensive began to be overwhelmingly strong.

Eventually, all eight fortresses that protected the granary were taken away.

I don't know why he stole eight fortresses, but I could see that it was at least a necessary offensive.

In the meantime, I've worked hard on my hectic treatment activities.

The number of soldiers exposed to the disease and taken to the rear has come to the point where there is no end to treatment.

Perhaps because of that, the count is going very well.

15323/20000.

The close to a thousand a week ago has already filled nearly 70 percent.

In addition to direct treatment, everything that has been treated on my hand becomes a count.

The death toll is extremely small, but the number of injuries caused by the disease rises endlessly.

Everything will be sorted out in four days at the longest.

Your deal with the Priestess will be over. Alice, the candidate for sex, who has become so narrow as to lose her position, will be demoted herself because she can't stand the pressure around her.

There were a lot of hands that asked for help, but there was no virtue to have cleared all of them.

"Wow... this war is completely ruined."

One of the soldiers of the vanquished soldiers fell down on the wall and muttered.

"Why not? Damn it, I'm going to fight, but the moment I get bitten or cut by a poisoned knife, I'm going to die. How can I fight?"

"You said you were a candidate for sex. You can't do anything. What else do you know how to do, not just to heal your body a little bit with your divine power and give it a boost?"

"Sure, that would be enough for the general congregation."

Public opinion has become extremely bad.

Alice, who did not intend to do so, was facing a headwind thanks to the propaganda effect.

Ppooooooooooooooooooooh!

"Allies are coming back!"

The offensive was even pushed back to the rear command, which could no longer be pushed back.

The next destination of the undead corps is where I am.

It was a command.

The most problematic barris was that I tied my feet here, and in the case of Ullis, there was no big risk of life because it was back fire support anyway.

Click, click, click...

After leaving the medical center, he was stretching without a word and warming up.

I could see a group of knights approaching me with quiet steps.

And I could see faces after a long time behind them.

It was Alice, one of the two sex candidates.

"I can't understand people like you."

"I guess it's a coincidence. I really don't understand the personality of a candidate for sex."

Her expression frown subtly at my smile.

"Do you think I'm kidding? Why a devil like you got the scar..."

"I told you."

She was silent about what I said.

"Find out where you're picking the ground."