190 # 190

The Manreb hero is coming back!

eight volumes and fourteen episodes

* * *

Most continental countries, which were slowly accustomed to peace, never let the sudden global catastrophe slip by.

Furthermore, it is not a fight between the country and the country, but an undead palace called an unclean being.

A large epidemic began to spread, and the main producer of food was taken over by the undead.

If Palan falters, the next is another country.

Not all countries were unaware of the fact, so this work began to move as if they had become one.

In the Lindis Empire, a large number of supplies and a single force, the Grand Duke Catherine, participated.

In Seongguk, the 6th, 7th, and a number of soldiers were deployed along with the two girls, who were called sex candidates.

A large number of soldiers and supplies gathered in the Palan Empire from other countries.

Is that all?

Western empires that have been fighting with the Palan Empire.

Contas the emperor of the Contas Empire sent three Swordmasters from the Imperial Guard.

In any case, such a number of countries have been united.

There probably wasn't one I remembered.

I arrived at the Palan Empire about four days after I made the decision to participate in the war.

It was because he could not avoid the subtle feeling of it, so he needed to grasp more information and move through Aina.

Therefore, those who had already arrived first joined the war.

a massive force resembling a continental war

The rapid development of this situation was due to the absurd news that the Crown Prince of the Palan Empire was killed, although the Palan Empire has built up some things.

"The Prince's Warrior... ...the number of brilliant undeads is still increasing in tens of thousands..."

The amount of soldiers killed in the fight is not normal, but the number of undeads that crawl out of the ancient dungeon, the source of this work, is beyond imagination.

The size was small, but it was safe to say that it was already part of the continental war.

The rear headquarters, located behind many fortresses, including the Helo Fortress, where war is taking place.

When I arrived there first using warp magic, I looked around and pulled Lünne's sniffling arm.

"Stop it! Where are you from?"

A young boy and a young man without a soldier or servant.

And a little girl wearing a robe.

Of course, it was a suspicious combination.

In response, it was just as Lünne was about to speak out.

"I've been waiting. Welcome, Ullis V. And, Prince Davy."

My eyes turned to the voice that seemed to recognize me.

There was a young man in brilliant armor looking at me with a soft smile.

"Oh, you're Prince Salivan. It's been a long time since I saw you."

"Ha-ha, I apologize for the negligence of the hospitality due to the situation."

There were two people who smiled and talked.

"Nice to meet you. This is Davy O'Loon."

"I've heard a lot about you. Thank you very much for the participation of the Holy Father, who was chosen by God. I'm Salivan de Palan. He is the prince of the Palan Empire."

A young man who introduced himself as Salivan asked for a handshake.

A square horn-rimmed glasses with a longer, softer look than a glass.

And a soft smile was a man who gave a very gentle impression in a different sense from Ullis.

"I was wondering who her recent friend was, and it's an honor to meet her."

"Oh...yes. Is Ilina okay?"

"That stubbornness. Whoo... ..has not returned from the front line yet. Now, all three of you. There are already people from all over the world."

At his words, I pulled the arm of Lünne, who was rolling his eyes somewhere as if to count.

There is a natural fortress that blocks the seven to eight fortresses and then blocks the only road leading to the capital of the Palan Empire.

The forces of the Palan Empire initially deployed large numbers of troops and hidden new weapons in each fortress, and established command headquarters in the rear.

And countless soldiers, knights, and wizards from each country came to aid.

"It's a sign of success. I think they're the Knights of St. The sorcerers over there are patterns of the Blue Tower Colonade that mainly study water magic."

Ulys walked, introducing me to the people who were moving in groups.

"I've never seen so many and diverse forces in my life. Regardless of number, it's not easy for organizations to unite for one purpose."

It's the first time we've met in the presence of a public enemy.

In the midst of all this, human beings are the ones who take care of their teeth.

It was as Persek said.

Dozens of pairs of eyes came out of the tent of the barracks, where commanders of the headquarters gathered.

"Ullis of Grade 5th grade.

Of course, Ullis was known to many people as he was a genius magician and the youngest elder who was rumored to be.

On the other hand.

"Who is that boy?"

"I know, I've never seen him before... ...if he has the authority to attend a meeting of leadership operations..."

There were quite a few who recognized me.

The name would have been known to some extent.

If you say Davy O'Loon, you might say, "Oh, that prince!" But how many people actually know my face?

Besides, I'm accompanied by a girl with an expressionless impression that doesn't suit this situation at all.

The reality is that whether you like it or not, you have no choice but to draw attention.

But among them, there was someone who recognized me.

"Hahahaha! Prince Davy, see you again. You must have a deep connection to see me again."

Everyone's eyes were again on Katherine's behavior, a woman with pumpkin hair who pretended to be close with a smile that she couldn't understand.

He deliberately introduced me in this situation and bothered me.

I just wanted to think simple, but I was suspicious because the opponent was the opponent.

"Dear Catherine, how's everything going?"

"That's true. I didn't know you were going to be dispatched like this. By the way, I didn't know we'd see each other again so soon, but isn't there really a connection?"

Her question was greeted with a bitter smile.

"Please refrain from making misleading remarks. If you get it wrong, you can tell your husband everything."

"Hahaha, no. My husband is such a cute guy. Can you make him cry?"

It is not a world where women's human rights are ruined, but it is not just a good world.

In a world full of such social customs, it was not easy for women to have such a position.

"It's too bad, she's attractive enough to eat her if it wasn't for her."

Oh... you nailed it.

a bloody woman

I knew this would happen.

I felt a sigh coming out of me at the sight of a sudden quiver.

"Go somewhere else for small talk. Do you think he's kidding?"

It was then.

A woman opened her mouth irritably with a seemingly visible expression.

"Now we're all gathered around the continent. If you're going to have a little private talk, leave."

The cold chirp made the great Catherine smile.

"Oh, my God, the sex candidate seems to have a lot of trouble."

Smiling, she stood up and tapped on the table with her hand.

Two boom!

At the same time, no one could stop her.

Whoo! Whoo!

The woman, dressed in plain white and antique gold embroidery, did not bat an eyelid despite Catherine's charge.

"Stop it, Grand Duke, if any further harm is done to the Holy Lady, I will take it as the official view of the Lindis Empire."

It wasn't the sex candidate who stopped her.

It stopped just before Katherine's hand reached her.

And it was none other than a local historian who stood behind a woman called a saint candidate that stopped her.

"What?"

Catherine squinted her eyes with a smile on her face.

"If you want war."

"Don't be a fool. Are you trying to make a difference between the Empire and the Holy Land?"

"Hey... ..."

"Oh, shit, you don't even know where you've been, don't even know where you've been. Did I look like I was the one you were talking to?"

It was an outrageous insult.

However, Katherine changed her tone to a smiley face.

"You're going to do it somewhere else, kiddo. If you can't do it for a long time and then you fly away, you won't have a shield to protect you."

The knight's face turned pale when he stopped her when he was so young with her smile.

The momentary burst of life was so heavy that everyone gathered here was appalling.

Even if I lost the battle against you ridiculously...

She was clearly seen as a top-notch powerhouse with few adversaries even though she searched the entire continent.

And most of all, it's hard to treat her carelessly.

Behavior and calculation hidden in a sly manner.

The result of the snowball fight eventually led to the defeat of the successful nation.

"......I apologize for what I said too much. But I think the Grand Duke of Catherine needs to be a little more serious about the situation. We're not here to play."

Catherine smiled and nodded softly at the sight of a woman who spoke face-to-face with her.

"Then you'd better refrain from looking down on others, Lady Vote. To be honest, I put up with what I want to kill right away, beyond my displeasure."

"......"

"Prince Davy will be my husband. He is the same as the Yellow Lady I swore allegiance to. It's better to be careful with what you say and say."

I opened my eyes wide when I heard the nail-biting comment, which was not enough to make a public announcing it.

She keeps making incitement and fabrication without distantly.

What should I do? Should I lie face down or face down.

Perhaps because the idea was conveyed, Persec sat on the back of my hand without a word and shook his head quietly.

Stop it, you're the one who hit it this time. You won't understand a thing, and it's just a shame.

That psycho-like girl's got a lot of stuff.'

I mumbled to myself and soon sat slowly next to Catherine.

As there were few seats left, I couldn't do anything special.

"That's how everyone got together. I'm Salivan de Palan of the Palan Empire. Not enough, I've been entrusted with the position of staff for this battle."

The soft Salivan's tone silenced the crowd.

Lord Catherine from the Lindis Empire.

Alice, one of the two sex candidates from the Holy Land.

Wizards from each tower, including Ulysses, and alchemists who have been dispatched to serve as technical advisers.

In addition, as the war broke out, there were members of the Central Disease Control Group, which oversees the infectious diseases that were invented from time to time.

From the Western hegemony, the Palan Empire, and the Contas Empire, which fought everything, to the substitute corps.

It is almost impossible for a nation to gather such power from all parts of the continent, but it seemed that they were not dissatisfied with the gathering, as if hinting that this was so important.

Of course, it's basically a built-in fight between each other.

"First of all, you've heard about the situation. Those of you who have heard the information before know that this is never light. This battle will be important not only to the Palan Empire but also to everyone."

If this place is breached, the next target will be you.