194 # 194

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Eight volumes and 18 episodes

71. Keep fighting, don't die.

One, two.

Gradually, the dark red light, which had been shining in the eyes of a large number of undeads, began to turn subtly different colors. The red color disappeared and gradually began to turn blue.

The dead have bitter resentment, but on the contrary, they may change depending on the will of their being to lead them.

What I have done away with them is to erase their fierce hostility toward the living.

And blind loyalty to me.

It's certainly not a normal number, but what I'm holding.

Although the original use is to deal with the elements mana, the commander-in-chief is also, after all, only the limitations of the mana.

A slight drop in efficiency will not reduce legendary or new-grade equipment to general-grade.

I can clearly feel that most of the thousands of undeads who were occupying the city came to my hand in an instant, and the control of countless dead people was caught in my hands.

The upper necromancer has a strong grip.

However, its strong dominance is bound to weaken at a time when the number exceeds 100,000.

"You look like you need a weapon."

Most undeads are bare hands or broken weapons that were thrown away.

The Skeleton had bone swords that seemed to have been pulled out of their bones.

I didn't think they would be of much help because they are not good at basic qualifications, but they are poor in armed forces.

It's not always good to push ahead with tactics because of ignorance.

After a short consideration, I opened my mouth.

"Let's start with this, all the recently infected or dead undead ones to the right. Move the rest to the left, give 5 seconds. Implementation."

The undeads began to move in perfect order.

There is no intelligence to analyze the controller's command, nor is there a reason to protest it.

It just exists.

When you get an order, it just moves blindly.

Looking at the number of undeads divided like waves in an instant, the number of people who were killed and re-established as undeads was unusual.

It's a lot more than I thought it would be.

"Suddenly something happened, so I don't have anything to say even if it swells like this. There, monsters and animals all go left."

Looking at the remaining human-type zombies or skeleton on the right, I crossed my fingers without a word and bounced the finger snap.

Whoo!

At the same time, two black magic lines unfolded and wrapped around the area.

PASSES!!

Clattering!!

At the same time, their whole body began to collapse as if they had lost power.

They were victims of undead, who were infected after a violent outbreak of disease and fighting.

I didn't need their hands.

Those who suffered continuously without being able to get into the ring of reincarnation due to their souls being mortgaged.

It was not until I scattered the magic that formed the undead form and then put them on the ring of reincarnation, the magic of the commander-in-chief, that I looked satisfied.

He survived and became a monster in this terrible place.

It's not a good thing you don't have a soul to mourn them.

Even if they were strangers, they could not help but see their sad faces if they were commanders who communicated with spirits.

"Everyone up there. You will forget all the painful memories when you go to the reincarnation. I'll pray for you to have a better life in your next life."

The black air flowing out of my body slowly enveloped them.

Soon, all the gray figures that were wandering around me were scattered like molecules.

The spirits of each were all different characters, but one thing was common.

[Thank you]

It was thanks.

Although neither black magic nor command magic was developed as a tool for war, on the contrary, the fact that it was an ability expressed in pure learning and willingness to save someone remains unchanged.

There is no bad or good power in power.

Looking at the city's calmness due to the disappearance of a large amount of undead for a moment, I scoured the bones of the undeads, who were crushed and left only fragments.

"Oh, right. Even if you go, lend me your bones."

Prick!!!

At the same time, the scattered bones rose in unison and began to warp, soon turning into hard, large spears, swords, or shields.

There is no choice like this to boost the power of the poor undead.

It's too small. Are you all right?

"It's okay. It's not the undead I made anyway."

If it's not enough, you can take more out.

This is the only place where undead is running wild.

If you don't have it, you can make it up for it's

I wore a robe that I had prepared before I came here and wore a plain mask covering my entire face.

Boom!

At the same time, the undeads began to move in unison as if they would carry out their own will.

"Don't stop, run, break it down as you see it."

The destination is already decided.

* * *

Chuck! Chuck! Chuck!

It seems like Jung-gu District Heating, but there is a constant procession.

The path from the huge forest to the fortress, where the ruins are located, was packed with people due to the undeads now advancing.

"The number is approximately 20,000... ...and it's a taste."

The number of cases has already reached 100,000.

Even at this moment, the number is increasing, and as time goes by, the Allied Forces will get tired, while the forces on this side will gradually increase.

It's natural because they've never fought a high-ranking commander before.

In a way, it would be natural for those who do not know that the longer they take, the more disadvantageous they are.

However, even that 20,000 people will die.

"I suppose so."

This is the first battle that will take place soon after the Allies join.

Unlike the original undead, the Allies will fight at a considerable disadvantage this time, as they have to abandon their colleagues when they are bitten or hurt.

But since you know the truth, unless you're stupid, you're prepared.

"Let's ignore it."

If they engage in guerrilla warfare with the undead that is in my hands right now, they can destroy and slow down their advance.

only

"There's no reason to do that."

If you can save your life, you can protect it...

"Perserk, I told you. There is a high probability that this will continue to happen."

......

If we don`t hold the flag from the beginning, it will continue to happen. It's not just a warning to the woman who's a candidate for sex."

If you're going to.

The undeads had several attacks on each fortress by dividing the numbers.

In fact, the 20,000-strong undead that you can see in front of you is also heading to one of the eight fortresses.

It was a march like, "If you can stop it, stop it," but the Undeed side was relaxed.

Turning my head without a word, I started to move with all these undeads being created and controlled as my destination.

If it was inside the historical site, it would be a relief if it was a relief that we had to push through the historical site.

I wonder if he ignored the undead rule and traveled for hours without a break.

Soon, I and the undead, including myself, could find a huge tower towering through the thickly grown rotting woodlands.

It is a tower that cannot be noticed from a distance, but it was a sophisticated camouflage in its own way that it could not be noticed until it came close.

This is supposed to be a forestless field.

It's probably made. They're all living dead men. If you crawl into the forest without knowing anything, you will be strangled to death by the trunk of the tree.'

If the Necromancer decides to settle down on the battlefield, the area becomes the land of death.

The situation will be the same even now.

Necropolis, the seven-circle magic. The realm magic that amplifies the morale of the necromancer, which is definitely the core of existence itself...

"Are you waiting inside? Not to be afraid."

The opposing high-ranking necromancer seemed to have noticed that I had taken away a few thousand of the 100,000 undeads.

And, as soon as he realized I was coming here, he opened the way.

It's as if you're going to come somewhere.

Then how can we not go?

I took a step forward when I waved my hand without a word and marched the undead corps.

At the same time, a very faint wave swept through my whole body, and a bizarre voice rang out.

How dare you steal my legions and find me here, little commander! But even if it's part of it, I'll praise you for robbing my legion of control.

The voice, which was conveyed by will, not by voice, made me feel like I would be eaten into my mind if I listened to it quietly.

"We need to get it done quickly and go and treat the patient."

In the current command, Lünne, who had followed me on my behalf, is standing in my place.

As much as it was a golem, he had a great ability to acquire information, and he would still be treating patients without any problems according to the manual I left behind.

1924/20000

As a good example, it was enough to show that the number was increasing rapidly even now.

However, if you let it go, it's a number that needs to be done for a few days, so I thought I would come here myself and try to accelerate the situation.

Lünne, or the medical staff of my supervised disease control team.

It came as a relief that everyone was included.

"These days, Richie's been looking for customers, and they don't even show up?"

The inside of the tower is a voice that won't be heard, but I didn't doubt the fact that he would be listening to my voice.

With a simple provocation, the commander or part of the Necropolis penetrated my body.

His discomfort penetrated as a living will.

Bam!

However, the commanders inside my body snatched the eroding commanders as if they had been waiting and ate them recklessly.

To interpret the will of the commander Manna from the fairy tale.

'He's got a low density, but he's crawling in here!'

It was quite a simple will.

Clack, clack, clack!

In response, Necromancer began to take out part of his main school, apparently judging that simple mental erosion could not be prevented.

Dozens of undeads began pouring out of a large hole in the wall of a huge stone pagoda.

In addition, through the largest door in the lowest floor of Necropolis, Skeleton in giant monster undead or armor began to pour out.

Sigh! Sigh!

Vonne Weiburn, who boasts a huge size.

And the huge skeleton knights on top of the Bourne Wyverns.

They were all powerful deathnites to the point of extracting the oracle blades.

The number of Master-class Death Knights is about fourteen... ..more than the report. Besides, there are a lot of monster-type undeads that need dozens of decent human beings to win. Davy, your army will soon be wiped out.

"Then we need to strengthen this side, too."

I, who spoke calmly, twirled the lightly drawn jeongdan.

Then he looked at the tower and opened his mouth.

"I'll give you my purpose before I go in. I don't know who you are."

Oh, my God!

As if to kill me in the lead, Desnite, who climbed on top of Wyvern, lowered vertically, swung the sword at me.

"You don't even know what you want and what you're playing with."

A keen oracle blade with a high fever penetrated my body as if it would cut off, but I lightly drew Hong Dan with the remaining hand that did not hold the blue one and drew it in the air.

Screechuck!!

At the same time, Wyvern's solid bone wings were cut off in a moment, breaking his balance, and he lightly jumped toward Desnite, which was falling, and trampled on his new model.

Don't worry!

Of course, even if he did not have master-level skills, he was a high-ranking engineer, Death Knight.

After blocking the sword of the man who struck back while being attacked by me, I put a jeongdan in the center of his face and threw it into the ground.

No matter how much Death Knight can withstand the power of destruction, he will not be able to withstand the Qingdao, who has merit against the Ma attribute.

In an instant, when one of the deathnites cleared up, I pulled out the sheen that had been lightly rubbed in.

Pushush tasting!!

In an instant, he lost his power to maintain himself, trampled on the crumbling Death Knight, and stretched out his sword toward the approaching ones.

"If you were to show your desire to conquer the continent. I can only tell you to do what you want."

It's the union that refused my help and made my hair stand out pointy.

"However, if where you are is where I need things, the story will be different."

What are you trying to say, intruder?

I could feel the boundaries of his voice as if he had noticed the force that I could not ignore from my sword.

"You're going to do what I want from now on. Stop playing war like that and fight desperately. To make me sick and faint.

Nonsense!

"But if you don't, I'll find where you are."

Whoo...

"And, you."

Cheongdan, which rose to the air along my blurred hand, began to move smoothly, and at the same time, the divine power of the white light began to burst out at the end of my hand.

"I'll crush it to my taste."

[8th-order Holy Wizard]

[God's Protection]

Whooooooooooooooooooo!!

The bodies of undeads who followed me began to twitch as a huge space of sacred magic spread around my body.

Some cannot stand the sacred glow and burn.

It's funny to use divine magic here, just like the undead, who is vulnerable to divine power, regardless of the enemy or us.

An expedient exists everywhere. Like I got attention, not love from God.

[Daphne's 9th Eccentric Final Vocalization]

[Repent]

The will of undead is my will. My repentance will soon be their repentance.

The best buff for us. They have the worst debuff.

If the basic specifications are not enough, they have to match that level.

Ignoring the changing atmosphere around me in an instant, I have shown one more magic.

[Eighth-tier Attack Spirit]

[Rod of God]

On my fingertips, a pure white flash began to fall from the sky high in the sky.