192 # 192

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 16 of the 8

70. A prince who brings miracles to the medical center and a lion who calls for blood.

Negotiations don't work for undead.

The existence of an uncontrolled lower lion belonging to an army is the priority command that comes down through the higher object, and. A terrible principle is everything.

After all, all that remains with the enemy who cannot negotiate will be bloody fights.

The undead's advance to the capital of the Palan Empire will not stop, threatening the fortress every minute.

The fighting will continue until they all die, or until the presence that has led them together and awakened their original principles is gone.

As soon as the contents of the meeting were decided, the allied forces of each country immediately embarked on the way to the fortress where the battle was taking place.

The soldiers' ritual was as sharp as a battle of pride, and their eyes at each other were as grim as if they were about to tear and kill an enemy.

However, there is moderation.

It's hilarious.

The enemy to fight is somewhere else, but the people who are here are fighting.

It would be natural for them.

With this amount of power gathered, the enemy will be punished at any time, and the issue of compensation afterwards will inevitably be sensitive to each country.

but

The problem is that the enemy is not a monster who will be a global.

the eerie and chilly air felt during the meeting

It's definitely Death Pier, the ability of the top necromancer.

Desperate forces are like pheromones used by the necromancer to play the undead.

And, depending on the impact of its capability, its scope and concentration were thickened and enlarged.

The problem is that if it's a death pier with a thick concentration that can be felt even in a fight far from here, to the best of my knowledge, there's only one point.

And, if you're sure of that.

As soon as he moves properly, they will not be punished but will be punished.

"Um......."

Sitting on the spire of the outer world, I looked down at the soldiers who walked out of the fortress in a dignified manner, and suddenly turned my head slowly.

There was a woman standing on a horse and looking at me in an antique battle law.

He is about in his early 20s.

He is a person who can receive the scar that Sungkuk currently has.

She watched me without a word, even though she was far away and within sight.

"I heard jealousy makes people ugly."

I could see her feelings for me unless she was a fool.

Jealousy for being loved by God.

However, her feelings were over there.

But he wasn't a stupid person who couldn't control himself.

Soon after she lowered the veil covering her face, she cut off my interest and rode a horse out of the gate in a dignified manner.

Starting with the Knights of St. Mary's team, including her, I turned away without regret as I saw countless soldiers and knights moving.

I think it's over after a short warning.

As I was looking out of the castle, I got a question from Persec.

"Oh, I think we need to change our priorities a little bit."

Priority?

I activated the status window without a word at her words.

The salvation of those suffering from disease. 0/2000

The deal has arrived.

The problem is...

20,000? I think that's too many......

'It's not going to be easy. The conditions are a little sloppy. It's possible enough.'

The goddess of the Lord's Priest laid out the conditions of the disease-stricken turtle, not the limit of the war.

Is it because I know that I won't follow you just because you put up a knife-like condition?

The deal seemed to respect Moro Garden's choice.

* * *

The death energy emitted by ancient monsters mutates and strengthens the source of many diseases in addition to the reading of the undead.

"Uh...Uh."

"It hurts... It hurts."

Maybe that's why.

Most of the soldiers who had been taken to the command were more likely to suffer from the disease than those who had suffered from the syphilis.

"There! Get more paint killers!"

"I need surgery here! Is the surgical instrument still far from being disinfected? Can't you move fast?!"

"Open your eyes! Damn it! Please open your eyes!"

The widespread medical facilities were hell in a different meaning.

A terrible odor that had never been seen before stabbed everywhere and seemed to be full of soldiers complaining of symptoms.

The number of soldiers and sickly exposed imperial citizens exceeded hundreds.

"Yes, this is another battlefield with spearheads.

"Hey! Don't space out and move fast!" Do you want to die?!"

"I'm...I'

The hospital room, full of harsh words, was filled with so many groans that it was quickly buried even if someone shouted.

The ward is always terrible.

"In a way, this is a battlefield."

Not a war to kill people.

How quickly do you save the dying in such a short time?

It's a war of doctors.

The estimated number of patients is about 200.

However, despite this, there seemed to be a lot of people who could not withstand the disease and were suddenly killed and carried away on stretchers.

That outfit must be... ...Central Disease Control.

'Yeah, the treatment is just as good as it's good. It's definitely a continental medical house.

To be honest, I don't believe it.

Laughing, she picked up reality.

This is why credit is important.

It was me and Persec, who once saw Count Linton's nonsense.

Even if you do well on a hundred days, once you slip, you will be hit hard.

There were also people like Baron Goneo, but his dedication did not show much effectiveness in credit due to what Linton had done.

Maybe that's why.

In fact, it was also true that faith in the disease control group was quite weak.

"Hey! Who are you? Are you in here? Everyone's busy. Don't block the road and get out of the way!"

Looking at his clean face, which seems to have never suffered from the appearance of his cute outfit, one can infer his opponent's position.

In fact, it was the corridors that I had been training hard.

It was a state of soul at the time, so there was no scar left on the actual body.

If you say that to me, who looks like a noble or royal family, it's because the prestige of the disease management team has not died yet.

If not.

If you're a real congressman who recognizes this urgent situation and thinks that whoever you are, the patient comes first.

The man who just yelled at me and ran away seemed to be the latter case.

The minimum mindset that a lawmaker should have is excellent.

They were desperate to save the patient, to the extent that Linton's case seemed unusual.

only

"The most important manual is lacking. This way, seven out of ten die."

a failure in treatment

There are many ways, but the most serious is that all of the patients who came here are suffering from diseases that have been mutated by the energy of death.

We introduced the original treatment method for a disease that is similar to the existing one but subtly different.He is apt to die on the spur of the moment.

The disease control group was a huge organization.

It included many experienced medical staff.

The problem is that the amount of time it takes to treat a patient and the number of soldiers being sent continues to increase.

Even the most experienced medical staff cannot treat dozens of people at the same time.

And

The situation was getting worse gradually as such a small gap widened.

"Oh, my God! Open your eyes!"

Boom! Boom!

He tried to start CPR by hitting the chest of a man whose heart had frozen cold, but those who had already died did not move coldly.

"No! No, you can't die, you punk!"

soldiers crying out for the death of their comrades

And lawmakers who are suffering from the sense of shame that they failed to save the patient even though they knew it was a simple disease.

Davy, I don't think it's time to just look around.

At Persec's words, I brooded one of the vows I made when I learned medicine from the Hippocry of God.

Don't let anyone die in front of me. Even if you die, endure injury or illness desperately.

Fight and die.

I'll bring them all back to life.

The correlation between the congressman and the patient was more obvious than expected.

"Oh... no! You can't die like this! Hang in there! Hang in there! I can live!"

Three or four soldiers who had already been sentenced to death were being stretchered out.

"Stay away."

"Uh...uh?!"

Having cleared my mind quickly without any complicated thoughts, I pushed aside a lawmaker who was screaming at a patient who had hardened without breathing.

cardiac arrest

As germs that have deteriorated in the injury permeated, they could not withstand excessive bleeding and the disease that breaks down the balance of the body.

It's not like he's going to die this fast.

The disease, which was also mutated by the energy of death, flowed just as I thought.

The fraud that mutates the disease is really low-key.

He was not a member of Parliament, but a member of the disease control group in the rank of ordinary MPs.

"What are you!"

Frustrated by my sudden action, the man turned on his double wick and screamed.

I reached out to the patient's body who had already died, ignoring him who was about to scream with his collar clenched, and showed a very simple magic after raising Manna without hesitation.

[Shock]

Whispering!!!

For a moment, a bright blue light twirled around the area.

Shake!

The dead man's body bounced off like a ball and was in a rage.

But I didn't stop and showed shock magic again.

[Shock]

Quick!

Hippocrya, the god of medicine, could not use magic.

But I have magic.

Her medical skills are excellent, but as she and I have different situations.

There was no reason to follow the means employed in treatment.

Quick!

The number of people who were watching the situation began to increase as another flashlight hit the area.

At first, they were members of the disease control team who tried to stop me, but after a few flashes, lawmakers elsewhere and patients who were awake now began to look at me.

It's not going to come back, is it?

I changed the way I flew after I put my hand on the neck of a man who was not very responsive.

To be clear, I'm a member of Parliament, but I'm not like my teacher.

[Sept. Vocalization]

[Sanctuary]

Boom!!

As a huge sanctuary began to be declared, the energy of death inside the medical center was torn for a moment.

It's an overwhelming amount of divinity, but not a single person recognized it.

Davey! It's moving! Your heart is moving!

I opened my inventory without hesitation and pulled out a small leather holder at the cry of Persec, who had his eyes glistened to see if he had been able to show his power.

It's been a long time since I've taken it out of the corridor.

Taking out a long device as the size of a human forearm, I began to put saliva all over the patient's body without stopping it.

"Hey! What are you doing?"

Only then did the sober congressman rush in and grab his collar, but my eyes were on the patient.

'3......2......1......'

Then, after a short time, he reached out and pressed the patient's abdomen.

"Get the ice. As much as possible. And the two of you should boil as much cloth as possible with boiling water. Let this side only let patients with the symptoms that I'm talking about put the paint killer on this side."

My eyes were frowned at the lawmakers who were staring at me blankly as they were dumbfounded by the quick order.

Yeah, it'd be hard to believe if you suddenly showed up and ordered.

Then we have no choice but to push for power abuse by rank.

Bam!

I made a nasty twist in my impression when I threw a missril pad out of my arms to a man nearby.

"What are you doing, you're not moving fast?"