196 # 196

The Manreb hero is coming back!

eight volumes and twenty volumes

I quickly found out that Muyeongchang was extremely difficult to cope with and that he was much faster than himself.

If it were just a battle of magic, there might have been.

Actually, he's been fighting for a long time.

He has learned magic for more than 300 years.

He was proud of himself that his ability as a wizard does not lag behind any other beings thanks to his constant training and performance of 300 years with his talent, which was called a genius at the time.

But it was different.

The boy's magic showed a different way from the magic system he knew.

The boy didn't just use magic to deal with him.

A sharp sword that would cut off the whole body if it relaxed any tension.

After the sword, they dig into it as if it's in check, but if it's wrong, they won't be able to see anything good.

Other than that.

The boy drove him away with a number of forces that he could not understand in common sense.

What was horrifying was the existence of super-high-level sacred magic used by the boy to neutralize the necropolis.

It seems that he dragged all the sacred power inside the body, but the only thing that comes back if you use it enough to reveal the bottom is the rebound that is prepared to die.

However, the boy pushed in as if he didn't care about such a rebound.

By that time, I began to wonder if I could beat him even if I was playing all the undead now.

Of course, the current situation did not improve, even if it was the same that he could not use most of the original forces, which are the source of the commander.

I had to admit it.

The boy in front of him was beyond comprehension, but he was stronger in his class, or in diversity.

'We need to identify the identity.'

Greed and mission caught his head.

Dayan, the commander who was his master, was already dead, but he acted as if he were alive.

It was also true that I wanted to see the hidden things in the boy's body.

It's no different from the Black Wizard or the Normal Wizard to show a near-psychotic obsession with exploration.

I'm the 8 Circle Wizard. Even the 9th Circle Wizard will not escape his eyes!'

He approached the boy, avoiding the gruesome attacks again and again, expressing the invisible soul's hands to stop the boy's movements in an instant and contacting the boy as if he were in a physical assault.

If you can't figure out everything about the boy from afar, you'll see for yourself.

These two eyes clearly show what you have...

He stopped shouting as he was.

It was also at the same time that a very short silence continued.

The red lining of Elderich Claire Orphan, who succeeded in checking everything in the boy's body, trembled with great distrust.

As a result

What he saw from the boy.

It was just a wall.

However, it was more surprising because it was a wall.

"Don't be so arrogant. When the mana inside the body reaches the point of transcendence, the existence alone is so damaging that it tries to cover itself up."

If 8 circles are divided into 3 stages and there is a level, so is 9 circles.

"It's a word left by a sorcerer who transcends the circle. Listen carefully, magic begins with the eighth circle. You're forcing an izzeless undead. What? Death Road? Is this crazy?"

As if the boy's words were not heard, Claire Orpan collapsed.

Quajac!!

At the same time, the boy's hand grabbed his head and dipped it on the floor.

"Fighting desperately. But don't kill me."

The consciousness of the giants Richie and Claire Orpan, who called themselves Death Road, was once broken.

* * *

"Lord! Patient! There's a turner! Everyone has the same symptoms!"

"Lunne, repeat worker, crackdown on fugitives, poor play, very low ratings."

"What?"

"Oh... no. Let's go, therapy."

As Davy's faltering face distorted, a lawmaker who approached for the report looked suspicious.

No one is perfect in the world.Durney,

The lawmaker, who had fantasies about the existence of a real scarred saint in hundreds of years, sometimes gloated at the sight of the young boy doing strange things.

His medical knowledge was remarkable.

In fact, everyone was confused by the fact that the disease changed differently from what has been known so far.

The records accumulated so far have been of no use and have had to be treated one by one, looking at the situation very carefully.

That would be a good thing.

Apparently a patient with the same disease, somehow the same medication was administered, so someone survived, someone vomited blood and died.

Is this reality?

This is a dream.

That's what everyone thought so.

What appeared then was this young boy walking in front of his eyes.

In addition to the patient identification method that the disease management team has so far had, the boy presented a method of classification, and accordingly administered an unexpected manufacturing method of medicine.

Of course, some people protested that they could not administer untested drugs.

They all shut up within hours of treatment.

It was because everyone began to show improvement, every single one of them.

As he began to step forward, the number of patients treated began to reach life expectancy, or from dozens to hundreds to thousands.

Besides, there was no side effect that worried me the most.

It was literally a syndrome in the medical community of continents.

I could see why the great congressman, Baron Goneo, insisted on Prince Davy's achievements by spitting like that.

What Stroom, one of my seniors and one of the top lawmakers, said, "He was real.

However, unlike his ability, Prince Davy's personality was a little unusual.

It's basic to look at only one place for a long time if you leave it alone, and if a butterfly flies around, the gaze is boundless after the butterfly.

In addition, he sometimes used a bizarre way of speaking.

It was his disadvantage, though not to that extent. But I couldn't deny that he was a little unusual.

He led Prince Davy into the treatment center and frowned at the groans of his blood and suffering people.

I'm proud to practice medicine anytime, but it never felt good to see people in pain.

"Prince Davy?"

"Undervalued efficiency."

What do you mean, a low evaluation?

Other lawmakers who found Prince Davy looking around the situation without immediately treating him frowned rushed to the scene.

"Prince Davy! Please check it out! He's a totally different type of patient, so he can't just use his hands!"

"Help me!"

There were no lawmakers left who were initially wary of him.

Most of them wanted him to show more miracles.

Despite the lawmakers' request, Prince Davy, who was watching the situation without a word, remained silent.

"Let's take a look."

He had no expression on what he was thinking, but he looked like he was thinking about something.

Soon after, his face slightly frowned at the nearest patient.

"Pulse reduction, body temperature imbalance, bio-signal levels very dangerous. Search for corresponding countermeasures."

"Escape opportunity."

Then, Prince Davy opened his eyes and started running somewhere.

Prince Davy?!"

Everyone was speechless with the attitude of running away from the patient.

Some responded that even he, who is also a saint, would not know everything.

"One thing! We can't do anything without Prince Davy! We have to do something!"

Other lawmakers began to move in sympathy with one lawmaker's cry.

But the situation was stopped again because of the boy's words that soon returned.

"Everyone stops, changes the treatment method. People with the same symptoms are separated by body temperature and pupil conditions and isolated! I'll spread the manufacturing method separately for the medicines accordingly. Come on, guys, move! Before it gets infected!

"Prince Davy?"

It was a completely different tone than before when I could not feel the subtle highs and lows of emotion.

With the harsh, outspoken cry, lawmakers began to move without hesitation, embarrassed by his sudden change in behavior.

"And there!"

"Yes? Yes!"

"I've never seen you before, where are you from?"

"Huh? Didn't you watch it with me a while ago?"

Prince Davy's face was further distorted by embarrassment at the sight of him treating him as if he had never seen him before.

However, Prince Davy has pushed ahead with his stage kiss-like temper.

"Where are you from?"

"Hey... ..we're in drug manufacturing!"

"Yeah, get ready and bring it to my tent."

"What?"

"I'm gonna have him say it twice and kill dozens of patients. Or I'll remember and run fast."

"Hmm?! I'm going now!"

You've just been idling around!

Frustrated by his command, he shook his head and began to rush, thinking that there was no perfect human being in the world.

* * *

the main culprit of the current situation

The fight with the giants Richie and Claire Orphan, the targets of the global war, was not as long as I thought.

Being a high-ranking person does not last days or days of fighting.

In many cases, it ended in a faster time because it was strong.

He actually underestimated me and was brainwashed with one command in his head.

"Lunne complains that it is very hard, and the resulting compensation is highly appreciated."

Lünne proudly demanded with both hands on her waist. However, I decided to accept it well because it was not normal for me to imitate myself while I was away.

"Yes, I'll buy you some cool ice cream later."

"Ice cream, Lünne, is very appreciated!"

"Yeah, what about Varys?"

"Mr. Barris, now Lünne and his successors are overpowering. I think they've been trying to get to the front line."

"So?"

"A light fainting, human vital point, very easy to lose consciousness, Lünne appreciates this technique."

"Good job."

Yulis and Illina are self-managing, so it's all right, but they weren't Varys.

This righteous man is definitely a man who will make an evil effort, saying, "If I see the situation of war, I will go forward immediately."

"Davie, how was your trip?"

Lünne asked me carefully while I was trying to get a pulse of a patient who was suffering from a collapse.

"Yeah, big news will be coming soon."

Lünne tilted her head at my words.

And, exactly a few days after I predicted it.

Big news began to come to the command.

The news was enough to shock countless people.

It was a story that the Undeed Corps, which had seemed to be playing war until now, finally began to push ahead with it without covering the front and back and forth.

The undeads, who were simply hitting and tasting, began to rush to death.

Like I'm really dead.

Furthermore, the morale grew deeper, bizarre diseases became more prevalent, and countless soldiers began to be taken away complaining of the disease.

While the Allies were suddenly reeling from the intensified rotational disease, the Undeed army suddenly began to force master-class Deathnite into the war and even large monsters.

Specter, the Spirit Monster, of course, the mainstay of this...

He started to move directly to Richie and Claire Orphanzi, who call himself Death Road.

Once bitten or injured, it was inevitable for the coalition to retreat, which could not fight properly because it was the end of the end.

The result is a rout of the Allies.

It was reported that Illinois, who was leading the White Bird, was deprived of three of the eight fortresses that were desperately blocking and holding up at the same time by the Undead.

It has also been reported that there has been a rift between the White Bird's commander, the Ilyna de Palan, and the Salivan, probably because of the fire of a counterattack that began with the coalition's attempt to force its way in.

The undead's total offensive was consequently a matter of time and speed.

Rather, it would be more profitable to reduce the number of victims as much as possible in the meantime.

Realizing that they were on fire soon, they will find out what's going on and ask for help.

Just like now.

"Davie."

The first thing I saw was Illina, who wore armor with blood on it but couldn't hide her beautiful beauty, which came to me.

And Prince Salivan, a member of the coalition.

The saint candidate Alice was not seen.

"I need your help. Prince Davy."

"Really?"

"Did you hear the news?"

"A horse without feet is said to cross the continent. Thanks to you, the morale of the command is terrible."

"That's... ..."

"So, do you have anything to say?"

"Help me..."

"No."

I faced him with a straightforward remark.