195 # 195

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the 19th installment of the eight volumes

Whoo! Whoo!

Unlike tungsten masses, the staff of God falls from the height of the stratosphere and the middle class.

I wish I could go to space and fall, but the reality is that it's impossible only if it's not a saint, Daphne.

Of course, even if you fall out of the blue sky, that power doesn't go anywhere.

God's wand?! No!!

"What do you mean no? You should know how to get out of the room."

The brilliant light that gave a warm feeling fell like a bombardment. The four or five sacred mass soon relentlessly hit the necropolis and vibrated the huge wall surrounding the necropolis at the first foot.

Boom!!!

The second time, I distorted the shape.

Coooooooooooong!!

Broken part of the wall with three feet.

After the remaining two pieces completely smashed the scaffolding, they smashed some of the huge stone pagodas and upset the area.

That's how the scaffolding that blocked my approach was smashed.

Although the solidity of the system was beyond imagination as if he were not an eight-circle-class commander, it seemed that he had no power to recover it in a short time even if it was already broken.

All I need is your permission, not your almighty power. And mercy. Close your eyes and count 300 seconds, I'll take care of everything.]

You're a madman who molests God.

The voice of Persek's boredom is ignored.

It spreads the divine power that fluctuates by the will of God without force.

The divine power, a fragment of God's miracle, will be greatly amplified when God's will is in it.

Daphne's unique style of sexual sorcery, the eighth-highest-level sex magic that follows repentance. Due to the staff of God, most of the divine power in the body was immediately depleted.

Then, in the reaction, a terrible sense of dexterity and dizziness came in, but it circulated and blocked the void.

Get in there!

I reached for the whirring undeads who fell on the floor, made a grotesque noise.

Unlike them, the undead under my control began to be distinguished as being forgiven by God's mercy.

As a result

Despite its appearance as an undead, it begins to accept the effects of divine power.

do not resist divine power

in other words

[Strance]

[Distraction]

[Hard skin]

[Iron Bourne]

It means that you can get the advantages of the divine magic, the strongest system in the buff world.

With all the remaining divine power squeezed into the body of the undead, I slowly began to move as I saw the Great Tower that began to collapse under the shelling of white light falling from the sky.

Sincerity runs out to a minimum.

All that is left now is the spirit power that can be linked with two forces, and the magic, which is the power that is the source of my body.

However, under the current circumstances, magic does not mean much to all beings except the world number.

Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh.

It's time to stick to the basics.

He grabbed Hong Dan, who had been sucked into the air, and lightly swept away the body.

[Laughing!]

It must have been quite itchy, but when I heard Hong Dan's cracking laughter, I felt relaxed for no reason.

Davey!

Boom!

The Holy Magic limited half the power, but this is Necropolis.

Death Knight, who has master-level power, cannot be helpless.

In an instant, I lifted up Hong Dan-yi and blocked the huge bone sword that flew at my neck and moved my arm.

Having a Swordmaster-like Orblade is not the same Swordmaster.

They will not be able to keep up with the existing Sodmaster's improvisation.

His sword was sucked into Hongdan's body as if it were sticking to it, losing its balance and falling toward me.

Quick!

As soon as my stretched hand snatched his head, Cheng Dan dug into his armor joint with ignorant cutting power.

Get in there!

It was another death night that began to collapse with the expression of the power of immortality.

"Go ahead."

Then I gave orders to the undeads who were dazed as if they were intoxicated, and the undeads of all kinds began to advance toward Necropolis.

Intruder, the commander... how can he do the ugly divine magic...

"Are you curious?"

......

"Keep wondering."

The day when I understand it will never come.

Kugugugugugugugugung!!

Prick!

The undead from the Necropolis and the undead I had captured began to collide.

The sound of the earth echoing and the same sound coming from the other side of the undead, which made the ears hurt.

Basically, among the undead he summoned, there were many top undeads that were dangerous.

However, due to the divine power spread around the area, their bodies collapsed and burned moment by moment, while my undeads began to run like fish in the water.

The situation is similar when the overwhelming side of the spec begins a fight with a large amount of buffs.

They did not stop fighting until they were completely broken, as there was no concept of infection between them.

Dozens of small undeads were attached to the giant undead, and in the opposite case, they crushed the enemies with all their strength.

Ignoring the completely abysmal front yard of the Necropolis, I used a Hongdan to cut the huge stone wall that began to close tightly.

It is not very durable, as it is just a relic created by magic.

The berry of the stone wall that controlled my access was completely smashed by the staff of God, one of the two magicians that consumed most of my divine power, but it was not without hindrance yet.

Hehehehehehehehe!!

As soon as I entered the Necropolis, where I could see nothing but a very small light, many of the characters he sent me to stop me attacked.

Instead of wielding blue-dagger, I reached out my hand to the advance of the spectators, who worked magic but could not attack physically.

At the same time, the movements of the speculators, which were attacking me, stopped and soon began to intertwine and fight among themselves.

"Aure undead. If there's something good, I'll share it."

You ugly little thief... ...yes, come on. Come if you can. This is a mystery made by Death Lord's body, and even if some of it is broken, it devours you...

"Why break through a maze? I'm going to break everything."

There's nothing more comfortable than breaking down walls and moving through a maze.

What, did you set up a fantasy trap to restore the walls and show us the visions?

"Chung Dan is not picky."

Ignoring his furious voice, I looked at the source of the fraud in the Necropolis and cut down the wall.

It's a dangerous maze with self-restoring power and traps that confuse the person who broke the wall.

As a result, they are all useless as long as they are cut by Cheng Dan.

His resistance to preventing me from feeling a sense of crisis gradually grew stronger as he quickly went direct, ignoring the screaming man.

However, it was safe to say that there are few undeads that can actually stop me by ramming in supplies because most undeads are fighting each other outside.

It was not long before he reached the top floor of the pagoda, and a huge community began to be seen.

In the center of the place is a huge jade.

On the roof, there was a giant 3-meter-tall creature with a black robe.

"Was it a giant?"

Do you know the Giant? Intruder.

He had been pouring unspeakable verbal abuse toward me a while ago, but he slowly got up as if he thought it was meaningless now.

The height alone is more than three meters.

It was too big to be human height, but it had a rather slender feeling to be considered a monster's skeleton.

"I've never seen a giant in real life other than a fantasy."

I see, did the Giants end up in the Giant?

The air flowing from his body, sitting on the throne, began to become darker and colder, and he slowly rose.

There was a bright red lining in the empty eyelids of the face made up of white bones.

Undead rich.

That was his identity.

It wasn't surprising because I didn't know the reality of Richie.

How dare you to come all the way here? Though the method was brazen, it was also the ability of the intruder to break through all the traps, so say your name, O unknown monkey.

"If you want to ask someone's name, you have to name yourself first."

My name is Claire.

"That's enough! I don't want to hear it."

Damn you!! Dark hole!

Whaaaah!

As soon as his hand clicked, huge black energy balls poured into me.

It looks like a simple-looking black sphere, but I waved my hand without hesitation to create the same dark hole as the one he fired and offset it.

Seven-circle black magic.

a dark hole

It is a black sphere, which is a deteriorating plate of a black hole, but it is compressing a force that is strong enough to distort space as soon as it touches it.

In fact, the sphere he fired and the sphere I flew collided, causing the whole area to twist bigger.

Not only did you dare to take my undead, but you're also dealing with the High Holy Magic and the Orbillade... ...and the Seven Circle Black Magic?

He murmured, flashing a bright red light.

I could easily infer that I was surprised by my reflexively open mouth, although I could not see the expression because I had no skin or muscles.

That's impossible! That can't exist in the world!!

His confusion was only natural.

It is impossible to operate a complete window of invincibility and various forces in the body, both in time and in talent, given various problems.

But there was no reason to answer his question, so I dug into the guy who was about to attack again.

As the fighting intensifies, it will affect the surroundings.

* * *

Pying...

A red sphere flies in with a very small sound.

Damn it!

Elderrich.

Claire Orphan, who called herself Death Road, could not stand the nausea that burst into her stomach.

The current recovery was not good enough to exert all of its original strength.

He couldn't wake up immediately after he woke up.

Cry of Fear!

As soon as the first required starter came out of his mouth when he used magic, a horrible scream began to burst his ears as if his whole body was tearing.

It is a top attack that would not be strange to fall down with blood in the ears, but for some reason, a small human in front of his eyes reached out without embarrassment and released an unidentified black magic.

It has been hundreds of years since he learned command magic, but some of the magic used by the boy was something he had never seen before.

What?!

He tries to open his hands and try magic again, but he crushes his arms again, depending on his instinct.

Screechuck!!

At the same time, a red oracle blade flew into the place where his arms were.

Strong. Too strong.

Isn't it impossible to explain this in common sense?

At first glance, his opponent was still a young human being.

It is said that human aging stops when the transition is made.

But if you look at the flow of mana in the boy's body, it was impossible.

The boy went through a similar transformation but was not complete.

The boy looked different to his eyes.

a monster who hides a lot of things

Therefore, I was both shocked and curious.

It is said that the transformation is done automatically when the talent is limited.

What kind of talent did he eat, and he couldn't completely transform himself with that power?

That's not all I can't understand.

The strength of the boy was certainly similar to his own.

He got the same eight-circle command magic he sent.

It is surprising that humans have come to this point in common sense.

What was more surprising was the boy's way of expressing magic.

[Moo Young Chang]

So far, the monster-like boy in front of his eyes has never used magic before.

As if the rules of the world favor the boy.