198 # 198

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 22 of the 8th volume

72. Those who have sexual scars and those who do not.

As soon as they stood face to face, the knights lined up in a row as if they were following her with a silent expression.

The act seemed to protect her from me.

When you don't need yourself, you've been openly ostracized.

As a result, they start to be at a disadvantage on their own, so they turn the situation around and try to make others to their advantage.

That's a pretty smart move.

In fact, even if I take a little wrong action here, I'm sure there's an arrow of criticism coming up.

Therefore, it was necessary to clarify.

"I can't believe you're going to stand by for being stubborn when you're dying. What do you mean if it's not a devil?"

"Isn't it a little shameless to hear yourself say that you're going to help if you just apologize, but you're going to keep your petty pride and make a breakthrough?"

Her impression was frowned at my relaxed sarcasm.

"Your role was just to support me with a lot of divine power. I'm very proud to have been given the Holy Traces. It's only been less than a year since you learned divine magic. On the contrary, I've been learning divine magic since I was 5 years old! Did you think I could do anything just because I got the scar?"

"Oh, dear..."

Her actions, which did not understand what she was saying, gave her a sigh of despair.

"To be honest, I really resent the goddess Priya for giving me! If I had been scarred, not you! If I were a real saint! A man wouldn't have died like this!"

At her cry, I patted Cheng Dan's grip end Pommel with my fingers.

Seureung!

It was a moment when the Knights of St.D. pulled out the sword.

In a blink of an eye, there was a confrontation between me, who was pointing Hong Dan at her neck, and the Knights of St. who belatedly pulled out a sword to stop me.

"You have to speak properly. That's why you're so mean."

There is no limit to the number of people getting the scar.

"It's not that you didn't download the scar because I got the scar."

I just couldn't get it because I didn't have enough of you.

"Throughout the ages, there must have been one saint or saint in a generation. What do you know?"

"That doesn't mean there can only be one, but you know something about the goddess Priya you gave me."

She flinched at my question.

"The Book of the Good God? The Bible? How do you know if it's man-made or God-made?"

Goddess of compassion? Funny sound.

From the beginning, the goddess Priya taught no human beings anything.

He only gave himself strength and grace so that life could carve out a path.

"I don't even know the basics, but what's so great about you?"

"Isn't that the same for you?"

"I don't know what Goddess Priya is thinking."

"It's blasphemy. As expected, you're a heresy who'll never be able to go with you. A faithful believer never compromises with the devil. I will never ask you for help."

"That's your position. The more the Suseong battle continues, the more isolated you will be."

Her expression was distorted by my words.

* * *

19025/20000

About a thousand people to the target.

"Prince Davy."

She smiled and handed me something as she turned her head toward the woman running to me in a hurry with a long voice.

It was a little hard, but it was a bread with sincerity.

"Eat this and do it."

"It's all right, Lady Rina."

"You can't do that! No matter how hard you work, you have to make ends meet."

Although she was a habit-conscious woman, she seemed to be more affectionate because of her way of speaking.

a candidate for the Rina sex

She was one of the two sex candidates in the same holy country as Alice, who had been pushed back by Alice's back from the start of the global war due to her fierce and foolish personality.

She smiled cleanly and smiled at her actions of putting bread into my mouth as if she was telling me to eat it quickly, so she was fumbling about what was so fun.

"I'm really glad to see that you're not sick because you're here. Smiling is better than crying."

She felt proud and delighted to treat each and every person, regardless of interest.

from an honest perspective

Personally and potentially, she was more of a saint than Alice.

It was definitely different from Alice, who believed in her own talent and pressed others' hearts.

I would like to take the scar myself, but I'm not all-around enough to do so.

"Most urgent patients have been treated. I'll take a look now, so take some rest."

"It's not that hard."

"No! Take a rest!"

She waved her hand as if to say goodbye as she stepped back from her activity.

"The Suseong battle must be starting now on the outside. Aren't you worried?"

"We have to do our job. I'd like to come forward and treat the wounded soldiers... ...but I can't stop the undead from fraud."

No matter what the situation took place, I just nodded silently at the sight of her performing her work.

It's almost full.

"I just need a little more."

As soon as all 20,000 people are filled, this uncomfortable confrontation will end.

It was then.

"Western......the western outer voice has been breached!! I'm ordering everyone to get ready to retreat!!"

Lina's eyes were wide open by the soldier's cry as she rushed to the scene.

"What?! Isn't that the preface that candidate Alice was blocking?"

"This is not the time! Exit through the rear gate immediately! If the outer voice is pierced, the inner voice cannot last for a few days at the longest!"

"I... What am I gonna do?"

Her bewildered, unable to hide her worries, I watched the situation without a word and called Lina.

"Candidate Lina."

"Yeah...yeah?"

"Go on with the treatment."

"What the..."

"I don't think undead will ever come this far."

The offensive will continue anyway, and I can't be taken away until I fill all 20,000 people.

I'm a little annoyed that the gender candidate is more incompetent than I thought, but it wouldn't be bad to show half-suspecting people what they did in the early stages and ignite the torch of discord.

The more I step up and do something, the less Alice's position will be.

She opened her eyes wide when she lightly stroked the hair of a short candidate, Lina.

Her hands were gone without realizing it because she became a habit of stroking Amy's hair.

"The... the..."

"I'm sorry."

"Oh... no. Are you going to the battlefield?"

"Yes, I'll just come back with my hands in moderately."

"Take care. Oh, please take this."

She took a small cross out of her arms as if she had noticed what I was going to do.

It was a cross artifact with a considerable amount of divine power.

"May God bless you."

"That's a good thing. Thank you."

She showed a bright smile on my smile.

* * *

The undead is coming up endlessly.

Weiburn and Desnite's offensive, flying in the sky, catching soldiers and throwing them out of the fort.

The preface of the fortress was a complete mess, as mudworms with huge bodies put undeads in their mouths and dug into the tunnel and poured them out.

Unlike the Suseongjeon Hall, which is simply for maintaining distance, the situation in the preface itself was Abigyuhwan itself.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

"I don't want to die!"

Screaming people are coming from all over the place.

Soon after, the soldier who was bitten by the undead turned into the same undead and put his teeth into his colleagues.

I could tell by looking at the worst.

However, Alice, the sex candidate who kept the preface, repeated the same cry over and over and over again.

"Don't stand back!! There is no compromise with the existence of a horse! This is a temple! If you step away from here, this continent will give in to the horse!!"

Shouting violently and releasing a divine force that was not effective, she was directly jumping into the battlefield with a blood-stained sword in one hand and a small cross in the other.

"We have to retreat! Alice, the candidate for sex!"

And while the coalition's aide, Prince Salivan, who was with her, held her quickly and shouted, "We must retreat," she shook her head almost as if she had become obsessive.

"If we get out of here! Where's next?! Are you introverted?! Is it the capital of Palan?! Or else! The whole continent! You have to stop it here!"

"I'm with the Union Staff!! No matter how much I have agreed with you in accordance with the treaty with the Holy Land.But don't exceed your authority!"

Saliban's cry did not extinguish Alice's obsession.

However, the situation remained serious.

I put one hand into the air, watching the condition of the Western Allies, who were gradually on the defensive.

Then he took out the giant cross-shaped longginus and quietly recited it.

"If you take a picture of that, the answer will be obvious. No way. You know how I feel, right?"

It was not a prayer but a simple chat.

He whose beliefs are twisted cannot communicate.

My fingertips begin to vibrate in my divine power.

At least other gates are somehow blocked, but if the western gate is left intact, it must have been breached.

Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!

Then, like a wedge, part of the wall collapsed and punctured by a giant monster's hexapod, and the undead began to push in through the gap.

I clicked my tongue briefly when I saw Prince Salivan, whose expression began to die in despair, and Alice, who clenched her teeth and shouted for war.

"That's why fanatics are so bad."

Is it okay to come out like this?

"You can't get through it until you're done with 20,000 people. If you shoot something like this, the other side will be more isolated."

I spread my hands when I laid the cross lightly.

Whoo!

At the same time, a huge magic line began to appear under my feet and began to soar from the floor to the sky like dozens of twinkles of light.

It was as if dozens of dragons were ascending.

"......"

"That's..."

The air changes when you start to exude an overwhelming presence.

As the lines of light soon soared to the sky, all the people who were fighting the war turned to me.

Then he opened his eyes to the breathtaking divine power.

On the contrary, in the case of undead, I was attracted by the power of my undead and stopped acting and looked at me.

"Let's pour it cool."

Speaking calmly, I raised one hand after rocking the precarious east gate, the north gate, and the southwestern gate, including the west gate.

When a slow-moving hand finally reached its destination, as if under great resistance.

Chewing...

[8th-degree Eighth-degree Vocalypse.

[Rod of God]

The 300-year-old Richie and Claire Orphan's wand, which had been a nightmare, was once again divided into several strands and began to fall from the sky like bombing.

Boom! Boom!

Hundreds and thousands of undeads are swept away every time the flash of light that erases and destroys all the unclean things that touch falls.

As it was pushed into the narrow terrain, the aftermath spread out as long as there was nowhere to avoid.

"This is... What the..."

Surprised by the unexpected situation, Salivan opened his eyes wide and looked at me.

The soldiers who were fighting stared blankly at me as I dropped a flash of light.

Silence surrounded the area so that no sound could be heard except for the heavy drinking that God's staff fell in an instant.

It did not need the power to break down the barrier surrounding the necropolis, so it dispersed the five columns of light that were poured out at that time and fell into dozens of feet.

The light falling like a heavy rain did not stop by falling once, but visited the undeads in the area and burned them, and ran wild, disappearing.

Of course, the same was true of the Wyverns who were swept away by the pillars of light falling from the sky.

The men who had lost their shelter were burned to ashes in the air with rotting, smudged flesh.

Even the master-class Death Knight did not strengthen his strength enough to withstand the eight-tier sex magic.

Watching the sudden turn of the tide, they soon turned to me again as the last flash of light burned half of the body of the giant undead monster, who smashed the wall.

I turned away without regret, looking at their gaze without words.

"That's enough. I've shown you enough. Let's pull out."

"I can't believe I've reached my eyes when I was away from my seat," "I can't believe it," and "I can't believe it."

And

All I could see was Alice, the sex candidate, who couldn't hide her feelings with terrible jealousy toward me.