199 # 199

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 23 of the Eight Books

for one's own failure to accomplished

Because I don't even know exactly what it is.

The pillar of light that reached everyone's gaze simply looked like a brilliant light.

Boom! Boom!

Huge boos fall in succession.

God's wand, a sacred magic of the attacking system, is a magic that compresses and drops a compressed shot.

It's a magic that has little physical power.

A deteriorating plate is an offensive sex magic that belongs to the eighth-highest rank.

It was safe to say that few people in the world can practice sexual magic above the 7th rank.

The most likely being is none other than the Pope Seon Dae-kyo, who is now said to be hiding after handing over his seat to the next pope.

Even in the Holy Land, where there are many new buildings, few people use sexual magic above the 7th rank.

at such a time

Since the magic of the 8th rank and not the 7th rank, it is inevitable that it will be less realistic.

regardless of size or size

It was a spectacular sight that the undeads, who left the battlefield recklessly and couldn't leave the Nubigo, were uniformly exposed to the light, burning white flames and disappearing.

Maybe that's why.

The sight of being sorted out in an instant made everyone's eyes impossible to keep away from me.

It's, yeah. Let it catch your eye.

It's all right because I sprayed overwhelming presence in the middle of the chaotic battlefield.

Watching the once-clearing undead corps, I took away all the divine power that had been slow to move without regret.

Once overturned, the war situation will flow to the defense success of the coalition even if I no longer use my hands.

The preface was not so loyal to her that I could prevent Alice, the candidate of the sex, from defending herself.

On the contrary, we didn't get along very well with her.

but

That's why I came forward and helped like this.

By using the same divine power, and by my help, she was the most confrontational.

Her position is now completely agitated at this moment.

If you look at it, you can say it's Chuck.

She must have been jealous of me, who had been given a scar without trying anything.

Her efforts to become a saint from birth would have been virtually enormous.

He must have worked hard to the point where his head was dazed to develop the power to study theology and deal with the divine power.

In addition, unlike candidate Lina, the growth of sacred power would have been quite fast, so the expectations around her would have been higher and she would have worked harder to raise them.

I tried so hard, but it wasn't her who got the scar, it was me who never heard of it.

Who wouldn't be jealous?

It is known that there is only one saint or saint in the world.

It was not without understanding her despair that she had lost all her life's goals.

So if you're jealous, I can just let you go.

The sex candidate Alice did not tend to take the seriousness of the situation a little wrong.

"Wow!!!""

From the far-off preface, the cheers of the soldiers are heard.

There was nothing to think about as to whom the praise would resonate after the cheers.

And now that she's blinded by jealousy, she'll burn the emotion even more.

"You have no idea that your situation is a test. You idiot."

Wasn't it impossible for Alice to be a saint in the first place?

"Every time a man is born, he is born with a different amount of divine power."

When I returned to the hospital in resistance, I saw a woman with brown hair who was praying with her hands in silence, looking at patients moving on a stretcher.

I didn't have any beauty like a saint in a book.

Hair is common brown and pupils are also common brown.

Although she was not particularly attractive in the crowd, at least her heart was shining brighter than anyone else here.

"And most of the men who are now considered saints or saintly candidates in the Holy Land have more than imagined divine power."

The problem is that it has such a huge amount, but how to pass the God-given test and win affection is different.

[Listen, Davey, I'll just tell you once, so stick it in your ears, there's no God. It doesn't exist.]

That's what Daphne, the first saint, said.

I knew she was a devout saint, but I was quite surprised because I didn't know she would openly deny the god she served.

But God's will exists, not the God of a single entity. Like these divine powers, for example. Davy, where did the divine power come from... ...and you're not paying attention to this rotten bastard?!]

There was nothing to hide when he was beaten by Daphne while being distracted by the secret meeting between Deathlord and the court deity Apolon.

"It's the same rule to pass the test and get the scar down with the love of God. Both candidate Rina and Alice passed the first test."

To be born with a vast divine power.

only

"The second time, it was violently divided."

A gift for dealing with divinity?

"You're wrong. Mindset."

Sincerity is a lazy power.

And the better the owner is, the more lazy he becomes.

Naturally, if one becomes lazy in his or her divine power, the pace of growth cannot be accelerated.

I'm not the only one who has a similar situation coming to mind.

Isn't it funny?

Come to think of it, of those two gender candidates, Lina is slow to grow compared to Alice...

"I think we'll have a saint this time."

I think Lina was born with the divine power of an adult candidate, but she said she was slow to grow.

In that sense, you're a regular.

If I hadn't appeared, the record of being one generation would not have changed.

But now that it's changed, you don't know.

So, as a result, the woman named Alice was impossible in the first place, right? It means that if you are active in spirituality, you will be less talented.

"If you wanted to see the root of a man, you said, "Give him power or throw his power into a situation."

Don't tell me...

God each gave two candidates a different examination.

He gave power and power to one.

The other one threw the other into a difficult situation.

What a terrible god.

"That's true."

One of them glowed in the midst of difficult situations, and one fell into a swamp of power that could do anything and eventually struggled.

"It's absolutely impossible until you feel for yourself and repent for it's impossible."

The scar of the castle fills up the talent that talent anyway.

In the first place, the amount of divine power or divine power that a candidate had from birth was meaningless.

"Oh! Prince Davy!"

I smiled as I saw the girl who found me at the end of her speech.

"Was everything all right?"

"Did you see that just now?" There's a huge column of light!"

"Oh, that one."

"Yes! The divine power was eerie and lumped together! Did God come to you?"

She persistently followed my gaze as she avoided her gaze.

"I don't know... did Prince Davy do it?"

"I'm afraid it's going to blow if I just leave it."

When she answered with a bitter smile, she clapped her hands to see if she felt good.

"Oh, my God... is Prince Davy the goddess of Priya?"

I grinned as I grabbed her head to the wrong question.

"Do I look like a woman in the eyes of candidate Lina?"

"Hmm... except for the sharp eyes..."

Her answer to the end, which showed off, gave me a pick smile.

* * *

The Suseong War ended with a primary victory for the Union.

Rich Clair Orpan, a giant who realized that even an undead who was scared and rushed, would not benefit from continuing to fight as long as he was bombarded like that, passed on the undeads.

Thanks to this, I was able to take a breather, and now another story has begun to come out.

It was a matter of qualification.

The sex candidate Alice sacrificed countless people, saying she was looking for war efficiency.

Of course, the enemy is the enemy, so it cannot be without sacrifice.

However, some people started to say that if I had just stepped forward from the beginning, I could have done it without this much damage, perhaps because the reality I rejected her saying was so unrealistic.

The source of the rumor?

"Good job, Aina."

"Please call me Jack."

Jack, who spoke calmly, or Eina Helishana murmured dissatisfiedly.

Thanks to the behind-the-scenes maneuvering, Alice's position has been narrowed moment by moment, and calls have begun to immediately deprive her of her position, which she knows human life as a dog.

"I won't fight like this anymore. There was no reason to intervene in their fight for pride, but I do not intend to sacrifice my soldiers because of the stubbornness of the Holy Woman candidate."

A general in a medium-sized kingdom expressed displeasure.

It wasn't just that.

"That's good, Lindis. So is the Empire."

Grand Duke Catherine, who defended one side perfectly with almost perfect tactics, also made the suggestion.

It was quite a reckless suggestion for her, who had been silent until now.

Basically, it was just a moment when Alice, who had made quite a goal for many people, lost.

Sitting down in silence with a blank face, she did not refute in the face of strong opposition from coalition leaders.

The only ally that would protect her was Salivan, the prince of the Palan Empire.

He also did not help her this time, apparently angry at Alice's unreasonable order to attack.

"Alice, it's a ridiculous fight that started because of your pride. You take responsibility and solve it. Your stubbornness has killed my brother's soldiers, coalition soldiers, and countless innocent people. I'm not going to protect you anymore."

When Prince Saliban said it like a wedge, Alice just mumbled with empty eyes.

"Eighth-highest..."

She seemed to realize what the divine magic I had written was.

"Light is..."

Mumbling with her lost eyes, she turned her eyes.

I'm sure she was looking at me, but I wasn't in her eyes.

"He abandoned me."

At the end of the remark, she slowly got up and approached me.

"Day..."

"If you want to apologize, give it up."

"......"

"I didn't come here to get you down."

She was silent about what I said.

"I think there's some interesting news from the Holy Land, shouldn't we go back?"

She should have been quite surprised at what I said, but she just nodded calmly.

You look serious.

'That's none of my business.'

As he said.

She threw herself into politics and threw herself into the mire.

She touched me, so I have no reason to sympathize with her.

Seongguk is also a world where people live, so this event will probably be filled with people who want to bite her and tear her down.

"There are conditions."

So I cut off Alice's interest and suggested two conditions.

"I accept that. Go ahead."

"First..."

Having put forward two opinions, I soon got an answer that accepted it without difficulty.

At that time.

St. Mary's candidate Alice, who was preparing to return to the Holy Land's summons, looked down silently at the bodies of the knights who were guarding her.

The feelings in the empty eyes were not surprising nor joy, but simply futility.

Soon her eyes turned to the black robe giant who killed the saints in the tent.

"The spirit that has begun to fall. The power far surpasses me because I have fallen so purely. He is fit to be the master of nuclear weapons left by my lord."

"You're..."

I'm sure you should be surprised that the enemy that needs to be eradicated is even inside the command.

Alice's voice was just empty.

"Follow me. I'll let you join the ranks of God even if you don't receive God's love. I can kill that hateful human being. You can rise to the ranks of the recoil that you longed for."

Alice looked down at his words.

Even though you cried so desperately.

In the end, God did not respond to his prayers.

It just took everything away from the devilish boy.

Why do you get this?

Suddenly she had such an idea, and there was a small smile on her lips.

"I believed in light. I've lived by it."

"......"

"But now, light."

The sleeves of the dry robe were lifted over her calm-talking head.

The only thing that popped out at the end of the flowing sleeves was the hands with no bones left.

"He betrayed me."

Whoo!

The color of her eyes began to turn black for a moment with a black air current.

"You will soon be my wish. I can't beat the devil. Your presence will bring my lord back to life. Remember its existence. The name is Deian, the commander of command. He has lived beyond comparison with me, and has led the first saint, Daphne, to death."

Rich who never gives up the word he calls himself. a sex candidate who failed to overcome the ordeal and collapsed

It was for a moment that the two new brothers disappeared from the command.