193 # 193

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 17 of the 8

The act of medicine requires considerable professional knowledge and experience.

Of course, it was hard to say that the pride of the lawmakers, who are not ordinary lawmakers but have the title of "Central Disease Control Team," was at an ordinary level.

In this situation, I suddenly stepped in as if I didn't live half of them.

No wonder there was discord.

Of course, this was only true if the aristocrat, to the best extent, had enough courage to know nothing.

"It's... ...the Imperial Household's badge. Poetry... ...Excuse me, who are you?"

"It's David Ollun, the first prince of the Kingdom of Lown. I'd like to believe at least you won't give an obvious answer."

"Gasp!"

Unless you're a moron, you can't help but know if there's someone who has influenced your industry.

I don't know, but I've cured a disease that the disease control team hasn't been able to find a solution for years.

He was the only one to be given a scar.

In addition, he is a prince with genius medicine who has revealed some of the acupuncture treatments that have caused a huge syndrome in the medical world.

Only then did the lawmakers who realized who I was opened their eyes wide.

My expression was even more grimly distorted by the appearance of an unbelievable expression.

"Have you seen it?"

"Yeah...yeah?"

"One more is already dead. How many more are you going to kill?"

"Oh... I see!"

Only then did all the lawmakers who understood the situation shout out loud.

As I stopped myself, many of the lawmakers who had to run around for treatment stood idly.

Even if it's worth the name, I would be a young child who hasn't even lived half of their lives to them.

The eyes they saw a while ago were different from such jealousy.

"As expected, professional jobs. Without pride or enthusiasm, they can't do it."

As art does, medical science does not have that side.

A job that cannot be developed without passion for one's work.

Most of the brain-wielding industries had similar tendencies, as is the case with any profession.

As soon as I noticed who I was, I took out the ordinary saliva set I used often from the subspace and closed my eyes gently.

20,000 viewers.

It is not enough to treat everyone here.

But what does that matter?

The content of the deal is the salvation of the sick, not the restoration of the damage caused by the necromancer.

This may kill thousands or tens of thousands of people, Davy. War is a terrible madness, killing tens of thousands of people at the moment.

Persec said with a frown that the word "war" was very offensive.

Now, tell me. She's on your side, so I can't let her go. This will cost you too much to keep up with your stubbornness. You knew that there were many good ways to do it without having to use this method?

I nodded silently to her as she drew up the line.

"Yeah, you're all right."

The world in which people live is so unfair.

The power is mine, but isn't it a funny world in which many people may point fingers at for not using it for themselves?

"However, more than that will happen in the future."

There are times when the intuition fits well in unexpected areas.

There are no consequences without cause.

Too big things keep happening in less than a year, and you'll be a fool if you don't know.

More than this is going to happen? What does that have to do with this?

I also don't enjoy being victimized by this nonsense of millions of people.

"I'm going to keep the chi in the vinegar."

That gruesome smile again!

Ignoring Persec's blow, I giggled as much as I could.

The necromancer who woke up from the ruins will not advance any further.

The punitive force will never bring him down.

All the blame will fall on those responsible for this.

I just have to play politics and eat rice cakes.

That's how you'll feel more comfortable in the future.

* * *

Sex and candidate are different.

The Holy Country's sex candidate, Alice and Rina, were both different from the same case as the prince of the Eastern Small Kingdom.

an absence of scarring

Candidates for the saint, or saint, were literally candidates, not themselves.

A boy who is blessed with a large amount of divine power belongs to the Holy Land and grows up to be a saint candidate, while a girl is educated as a candidate for sex.

Alice was also such a case.

He had a large amount of divine power, but did not receive any sexual scars.

Alice, who has devoted her life to receiving sexual scars since she was young, was more jealous of Prince Davy, who was chosen out of nowhere.

She was the one who took the word of God and preached it at the Holy Land of Balshas.

It was also she who did God's teaching.

I endured the hard work, smiled all over my face, and didn't mind the unpleasant work.

Why did the prince of small country, who had been in a coma for six years, downloaded the scar from the castle, which had little contact with God?

The fact that God, who had not responded even after 25 years of dedication, gave only one boy the scar caused the anger inside her to explode.

So I was mean.

Even though she is a candidate for a sex woman, she should be considered a public figure in everything, but she never wanted to do so this time.

That seat should be yours.

Why would a stone that rolled into the ground pull itself out?

She seemed to have accepted all the same candidates for sex, saying that they were God's will, but she couldn't understand.

"Goddess Priya, why don't you give me any answer to your service and prayer?'

Alice, who was praying reverently inside the still tent, slowly rose to the touch of popularity.

Perhaps because of reaching the fortress in the middle of the battlefield, the smell of death has been deeply cut around.

"The meeting is ready. Holy lady."

a sex woman, not a candidate

Alice spoke quietly with a stiff face, without correcting the words of the knight who followed her.

"Anyone who refuses to act by God will surely be solved in my hands."

Her determined face could not be straightened out.

* * *

As long as you start tightrope walking, you have to finish it.

If you make a mess without thinking, it won't last long.

If you're meticulous, you can use it properly and screw everyone up.

If you want to mess up, make a great fuss.

That's what I learned.

It should take some time, but it should never be approached by enemies beyond schedule.

Suste! Paang!

Whether it's warp magic or teleport magic, the basic thing is the coordinates of where I am and where I want to go.

One of the most dangerous spells to describe honestly is this teleport magic.

For example, what if the place where I teleported was between Korea and China on the cliff?

It would be a moment for them to become a handful of blood clots, unable to form a shape because they are trapped between dense rock molecules.

Teleportation is a way of molecularizing existence.

A warp is a way of folding and moving the entire space.

Therefore, warp is less reactionary and more stable than teleport, but it was not a fraudulent magic enough to ignore the coordinates.

Fortunately, if there is something at the point of movement, warp can be seen to push it thoroughly and penetrate according to the power of the initiator.

It's no use if the starter's manna is so small.

Under such circumstances, how could I get a warp from a place I've never been here before?

The solution was found in an unexpected part.

Mannagate.

It was none other than the fact that now tightly closed mannaigates were installed in the occupied city I was going to go to.

Mannagate chooses to write down the coordinates in advance and leave space transitions open for a long time.

If there are coordinates in Moro, why bother?

It's very...

It's very...

The downside is...

The only thing I could do was to bring the Mannagite coordinates of the occupied city and use them for magic, so there was already a fixed space for me to move.

Oh, my God... I'm fearless. The world is easy for you, isn't it? You don't think any one of them will ever hurt you, do you?

"What's wrong with this? I'm just going around because I believe in something."

If there's someone strong enough to be out of my reach.

Yeah, for example, the main body of the world number.

If you fight against the monster of the main body of a world number with good strength, you will have to use the only number you have hidden if you are not looking for an expedient even with your current strength.

If the world's numbers are so strong, why did you accept the fight fearlessly?

"World numbers are expedient."

What if that doesn't work?

You have to use the black magic of the attack system as the only thing you have learned from Roias.

Most of the magic she taught me was defensive, so most of the aggressive things I taught her were self-taught.

She was extremely reluctant to hurt someone with black magic or command magic.

There must be the only magic she taught me to protect myself.

"Don't worry, I won't die."

Hmph! Who cares about your recklessness? You don't understand, you don't understand, you don't understand, you don't do things you want to do.

It feels like a deja vu is happening subtly.

Prick!!

Uh-huh. Uh-huh.

As soon as I found myself alive, countless Skeleton and undead began to gather.

The undeads, who just wandered around the city without orders, never hid their hostility toward me, the only living person.

"It's a dead city."

a terrible city without a single survivor

Nothing can be felt to be created, and all it seems to be is a trace of destruction.

a slurring sound

Familiarly, he took out the blue and red Dan from the air and filled his waist with a sword.

Then he put his hand back into the subspace and brought out the end of the first month.

"Chiljong Chilgeum."

There's only one thing to do now.

Hiding in ancient ruins, he took out this fearless necromancer, who was enjoying the war, and watched it in a funny.

Pinch it to dust.

Having lightly rotated the staff, I slowly began to move the head coachmana.

As I began to shake off my resonant command manna, shouting, "Hurry up and use yourself," a dark and cold atmosphere that was completely different from the fraud that dominated the area began to disperse everywhere.

The dead gather at the fire.]

After mumbling lightly, I moved the end of the first month and knocked on the floor once.

He will long for the light he can't catch beneath him.]

Words made of will not come out of my mouth began to flow out of my body.

A starter that feels like a poem, not a spell.

It burst and began to shine brightly in front of me.

I am your conductor.]

Prick!

Uh-huh. Uh-huh.

The movement of the men who were gathering slowly began to stop, expressing fierce hostility toward me.

Then I grinned and raised my right hand facing one of the nearest skeleton.

Proudly.

At the same time, Skeleton's left hand comes up and reaches out.

Pair!

The sound of bone-to-bone collisions echoed lightly.

Later, when I opened my hands and took a light, sparkling motion, the skeleton, whose eyelids were black, also threw his weapon on the floor and waved his hand along me.

"Shining, Twinkle, Little Star."

I'll beeping!

He didn't have a vocal cords, so he couldn't even copy the song.

[I can sing better Hong-Dani!]

[CHUNGDAN wants to sing...]

Maybe it's because of the disturbance of the atmosphere.

Hongdan and Chengdan, who were in the sword house, lightly resonated and sent their will.

I'd just play with you normally, but sadly, I can't do that now.

"I didn't mean it, but you can't refuse to give it to me."

You swindler.

"I'll take everything. Kids, get your tools."

In my words, the undeads around me moved slowly with their haggard faces, picked up my weapon, gathered around me and began to turn.

From the outside, all we have to do is look like a revolt has taken place."

It doesn't matter how many undead hundreds die.

The way to take care of thousands of labor workers and tens of thousands who will work in the dark was simpler than I thought.

the author's words

Hello

I'm an unfaithful writer, Devil's Tail.

It's already been about 8 books since I started writing about Davies because I just wanted to see the main character who makes it all.

After a long hiatus since I wrote the previous song, I couldn't take a leave because I couldn't publish it as fast as I used to, but I can only say thank you for your excessive interest. crying

Actually, I didn't expect to receive this much attention. Crying.

I'll show you a better performance day by day and participate in the event, and I really want to do so. It's actually still like that.

I think he's already just hitting a home run with a baseball bat.

But unlike I thought, my body can't keep up with it.

To start with the conclusion, my condition has gotten really bad. ㅠㅠ My head is all messed up and I'm getting a headache even though I'm trying to fit the existing series.

Yes, I was stupid because I was greedy and couldn't manage myself. ﬁ

We've already had two closures... ...and I shouldn't have...

For the time being when the hero of Manreb is returning, we will change it to a Monday-Friday series for the time being.

I'm really sorry for those of you waiting, but I'll be back with a seven-day series as soon as possible.

I promise it won't take long. I'll go back to the original serial cycle as soon as I recover my minimum condition, so please wait a little bit.

Thank you very much.