191 # 191

The Manreb hero is coming back!

eight volumes and fifteen episodes

If you'd rather fight, make sure you put all your energy into your land before this deadly poison spreads.

What Salivan said was simple.

"It hasn't been published in detail yet, but the number of undeads is now over 100,000. The number of victims increased too much because of the delay."

"What did you do until that happened?"

"What are you doing, Ser Gallio? Do you think we've played a joke and sacrificed our soldiers to increase them over there?"

"I don't know. Hooray!

It was also a characteristic provocation of the Contas Empire, which had a bad relationship with the Palan Empire.

However, unlike the articles of the Palan Empire, which gives cold eyes as if to draw out a sword, Saliban did not fall for the provocation itself.

"There are 50,000 undeads from ancient ruins. It's still increasing. In addition, 20,000 were killed before the army arrived. And the other 30,000..."

"Monster..."

"The undead monster... ...is so tricky."

In fact, the tricky top monster is coming in tirelessly, forgetting pain and fear.

"There are seven fortresses in the area where the undead army is currently encroaching. And now it's desperately blocking it in White Bird, the army of the Palan Empire. As the commander, you all know. My brother is fighting desperately on the front line."

"If the number of soldiers increases every time they die, it wouldn't be right to hold out and fight."

A wizard of the tower mentioned it carefully.

"That's right, but. If you bite them, how do you stop the undead army from advancing?"

"It's..."

"My sister, Ilyna de Palan, is keeping the war going as close as she can to herself rather than a direct conflict. We don't have much time. We need to call for assistance in that war and beat them in the back of the head to end the situation quickly."

Saliban's speech was greeted with positive comments everywhere.

"But it doesn't make any sense to be crowded like a bunch of odds and ends. So I'm going to divide the role groups."

At Salivan's words, the people from the Contas Empire raised their hands.

"Our proud godfather's army will take the lead. I'll put a clock in their heads."

"With the help of the leader, we will provide fire support for the towers, green towers and red towers. The war will require massive fire support."

The tower also offered its opinion.

"On behalf of the other saintly candidate, Lina, I will assist you as a whole. Besides, I'll have the Knights of the castle set up a squad to hit the head of this work."

The Holy Land also gave an answer.

I watched the situation with my arms folded as if they were all trying to strengthen their position by making meritorious achievements.

Lord Catherine, you'really silent.

'He's probably thinking about something else.'

We were in the middle of exchanging opinions.

"What would you do, David?"

Suddenly, Ullis, who was next to me, smiled and asked.

"I'm a little surprised that Davey is in this business, to be honest."

"Why do you think I'm such a trash? What?"

"Ahhaha, I don't know."

It filled my tongue with the look of whether you know better.

"I see. Davy came without a soldier. He's got a scar, so it'll be very helpful, but it's a good idea to pick someone to protect you at this time of the day."

Salivan's words made me mumbling.

"You don't have to worry about that."

"What?"

"Please place it in the front. I'm here to punish, but I don't want to play war."

You have to get rid of it quickly and buy some food.

Everyone looked dazed at what I said.

You will have to make a fuss about the continent's crisis and prepare carefully.

That is a realistic alternative and the most efficient thing to do.

But I don't care.

I just cared about blowing his head off as soon as possible as that unlucky necromancer.

If we don't do anything stupid enough to make war happen, is there nothing to hide now?

Rather, it would be better to make a splendid debut this time so that the opponent cannot see the land of Hines.

Of course, fewer people took my words seriously than I thought.

Some snorted, saying it was nonsense, while others complained that they were arrogant because the wind was blowing on their lungs.

It was then.

"No, I've heard a lot about the prince. Every war has its most efficient role."

Alice, the sex candidate who was quietly looking at me, opened her mouth carefully.

As I turned my head silently, the woman sitting with a cold expression faced me straight.

The feeling in the gaze was none other than jealousy.

"I've heard from Prince Davy that he has excellent medical skills and resilience. Am I wrong?"

Look at her.

"That's right."

She slightly frowned at my imposing answer. They must have information, but they did not easily believe it.

She looked at me with a calm look as she was twirling.

"We've had enough of Ma's backbiting. So I think it's more efficient to help deal with a number of infectious diseases circulating among soldiers who are being sent to the rear."

"Are you playing the ground game now?"

"Undead is under a treaty with our church to deal with it. Please bear this in mind."

It is true that you are a saint, but you do not belong to the Holy Land. So, don't make fun of your medical skills, just step back and treat your illness.

Both sides are important factors, but it was clear that the fight was not a good fight.

"Are you sure you can handle it?"

She tilted her head to my question.

"What do you mean?"

"The necromancer that's coming in now, he's not a regular guy, are you sure you can handle it?"

She smiled coldly at my question.

"If the people gathered here join forces, it would be no match for the devil. And please be careful with your remarks. It is true that there are a lot of rumors about the prince, but his current remarks sound arrogant as if he could handle the monster's reign at once."

The reality is that even the stubborn Swordmaster loses his light in front of tens of thousands of soldiers.

Look at the strong side and do it.

That was her opinion.

"What if it's true?"

"That's ridiculous. I have no intention of playing with the prince."

"I will."

As soon as she finished talking, the air subsided for a moment.

"......"

"Do you think he's kidding?"

Ullis looked at me as if it were, and Catherine looked at me as if she was interested.

But on the contrary, Alice, the sex candidate, gritted her teeth and glared at me.

"Without your help, the earthwork is possible. Don't forget. This is not the Kingdom of Loun, it's the Palan Empire. Just because you're a prince, don't be a strong man."

the possibility of punitive action

That is the source of confidence they have.

It is also arrogant confidence that comes out because you don't know what your opponent has.

If you're an overwhelming opponent you can't deal with, you won't be able to make this opinion unless you're a suicidal believer.

Of course, their thoughts, which they know and cannot easily trust, play a big part in the rumors and information.

In response, I looked at Prince Saliban, who served as a staff member of the punitive expedition.

"That's right. As rumored, it might be very helpful for Prince Davy to join the war. But the soldiers who remain here are also precious lives. I think it's wise to save it if you can."

So stay here and treat your soldiers. We'll fight.

I soon nodded at Salivan's subsequent words.

The war against the world number, the disturbing necromancer.

It's all good.

As long as you annoy me, he dies.

I'll die

However, what should we do with this wretched atmosphere?

My troubles didn't last long.

I grinned while looking at the status window. I thought it would come at this rate, but a deal was offered in my own right.

"I'm out. However, as a member of the council, I will not ignore the sick. I'll do some back-to-back therapy."

"Thank you."

"Thank you? You'll regret it."

Salivan was silent on what I said.

"I warn you, I will let the undead devour Palan or the continent without your apology and compensation."

Coooooooong!

Very weakly, the pressure of death that no one else would notice began to reach this point.

Huh?! Death Pier?! Where there is a war going on and where this place is not a regular street?!

If you haven't even noticed what kind of power the monster is giving off for a while, the outcome of this fight is obvious.

* * *

"Ballista!! Fire!"

At the same time as the majestic Illinois cry, dozens of thick and long iron clocks embroider the sky.

Shushhushhushhhhush!

Due to heavy arrow bombing, undeads who had been gathering toward the fortress began to gather in unison.

Monsters hit by huge iron arrows and humans who became dead flew in the air, penetrated by iron arrows, without being able to defend themselves against the attack.

At one time, a loud explosion rang out and countless undeads were torn apart, but the undeads flocked endlessly to see if the number was not decreasing.

"Lower! You must avoid it!"

"Oh, my God! We're about to break through the eastern acid gate!"

"The preface has been breached! We need reinforcements!"

a tumultuous acid

Hundreds, thousands, and tens of thousands of undeads unabatedly climbed over the walls of the fortress, and Illinois tore out and threw away a decoration that had been holding its head loosely.

Then he gritted his teeth and shouted.

"Each country's support forces! Why haven't we heard from the reinforcements yet?"

"Right now, a large force has arrived at the rear headquarters and has departed here, but it takes a lot of time to get there!"

"Oh, shit! I'll take the lead! I'm not telling you not to die! Fight for life! But if you die, take five of them per person!"

"Yes!"

"Before you die, tell me to kill more than five people and get tested and die! Do you understand?!"

"Yes, sir!"

Illina, who swung Caldiras and cut off the fast approaching flying undead, clenched her teeth. Then he looked at the knights of a huge skeleton on top of Wyvern and the Wyvern, who were flying in the sky and throwing soldiers on the floor.

As if he were a man of the Holy Kingdom a long time ago, a skeleton knight dressed as a sacred priest over the chain armor of the Knights of the Holy Father.

The monster never landed on the battlefield.

They appeared on the battlefield from the beginning, but never fought properly and just wandered around and disappeared.

"I don't know if I'm... "

Their strength was so strong that even their skin could feel it because of the bizarre cloud that turned the tropical region into extreme cold.

In my home country, I feel like I'm just a little dangerous from an old dungeon, but I could see that Illina fought for a long time.

That the monster in charge of the undead is not just that monster.

"My lieutenant!"

A man, who was quickly cutting the undead with a sword at the horse, rushed to Illina's side.

"Tell Salivan's brother! Ask Davey for help at all costs!"

as if the source of this situation had been summoned

If the monster that appears to be a sewer is a master-class powerhouse, it is never a light thing.

If your opponent is the monster you saw in the Knights of the Reinfos Alpha. She thought that this war might be nothing more than a war game for him.

Although she thought she was shameless in continuing to ask for help from Davy, she could not ignore the lives of the dying soldiers.

War is.

It's such a terrible thing.