203 # 203

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the second installment of the ninth book

Each is 20 meters small to 4 to 50 meters wide.

The earth's body, which was crouching regardless of the appearance of the giant dragons as if to fill the sky black, slowly rose up.

Then he took a strong step and rolled, flashing the yellow lining.

Boom!!!

At the same time, a huge earthquake occurs and the terrain around begins to change.

a spirit king

It is the source of nature, and to the best of its ability, it has enormous control over its properties.

As Noah is the spirit of the earth and the ancient land itself, the reality is that there cannot be any land that does not reach Noah's territory.

Even a strong prosecutor can't beat him recklessly.

If it is his own power, he is by far the upper Grand Master level, but in fact, the power that the Spirit King can express in the middle world is clear.

Of course, the limitations were clear and the basic specifications did not go anywhere.

"You're sucking very fast."

A large amount of spirit disappears to the point where the mind becomes dizzy.

As the spirit power that was basically stored began to decrease at a tremendous speed, I even felt dizzy.

Most of Noah's power moves based on the spirit energy stored inside him.

Of course, the more he runs, the more consumption he will have.

A giant roaring Frost worm Wyverns scratching down Noah's giant with sharp claws.

At the same time, Noah's arms, which were moving slowly, snatched his wings.

I would never have been so helplessly caught by anyone in my life.

The man, who was struggling with a roar, soon began to gather the cold-hearted Bresse after aiming for Noah's head.

"Stop fooling around and finish it quickly. You think the Spirit Manna is infinite."

That's not funny!]

My grumbling flashed Noah's yellow eye.

Whaddeuk!

At the same time, another arm sticking out of his back grabbed Frost Warm Wyvern's muzzle to block it, and with his hand holding his wings, he broke his wings and stuck them on the ground.

It was also a moment when the huge undead, which is over 40 meters in size, collapsed without much response.

"Kkhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... Death-swamp"

It was then.

The hard ground beneath my feet changed like Sakaman Tarr for a moment and began to devour me.

[Sept. Vocalization]

[Cleaning.]

The seven-circle of command magic, the Death Swamp, corrodes and ages everything that touches it.

Reflectively releasing purification magic to purify the Sakaman swamp that was trying to devour me, but it didn't seem a little late.

For a moment, my impression was frowned at the melting of the metal shoes I was wearing.

"What time is it that you want us to fight barefoot?"

I tried to complain, but I couldn't take it out on someone because I was careless.

When I turned my head, I saw a guy who was staring at me after he roughly pulled Cheng Dan and Hong Dan out of his body and throwing them away.

"He's not dead this time."

I thought Cheng Dan's power to destroy the immortality would kill him at once, as it is completely against him.

I didn't think I saw him too easily.

"You'll be beaten once, you won't be beaten twice! I didn't know you were the Spirit King. If you run against an enemy as big as him, you won't be able to keep the King of Spirits any more!"

With his cry, there is certainly a great use of power in managing only one Noah's as I am.

I've been working too hard.

We should try to recover slowly, but we don't tend to use excessive force because of what has happened.

Even if you have mana rings that are optimized for the use of force.

There was also a limit to my body's ability to hold out.

"I'm sure..."

I opened my eyes with a slight movement of my subtly heavy body.

Then he raised the black air and said to the man who lifted the steppe.

"I didn't know what you'd like."

Stuck.

Crying!!

"I've got everything ready. Don't get sick of it already."

"You're crazy! Where are you bluffing?"

"It's hard to believe, isn't it? To be honest, I'm a little bit ridiculous, too."

Whoo!

As if to fire back, the black coal began to spill from his body like a bullet.

The black coal, which breaks through the speed of sound lightly, was sharper than a simple metal bullet, and the aftermath was intense.

Did you strengthen the 3rd Circle Deathbullit? It's about six circles in terms of power... ...but that's not a normal number.

As the saturation of dozens of horses per second flew in for my whole body, I began to avoid the attack without hesitation, kicking in surrounding property.

The continued shelling gradually blackened the surroundings and aged and decomposed at random.

If you've ever been hit...

Whispering!!

"Oh dear."

Davey?!

Is it because of the bullet that touched his sleeve?

Some of the clothes covering the arm were black and powdery.

Not only that, but also the white arm left a black scar.

Come on, clean up!

"That's enough."

Whispering!!

As if he had waited, his divine power moved freely and started to burn down the morale that had been encroaching on his body.

The pain has been a great deal since then.

In terms of illness, I have experienced more terrible things than this during training.

"Perallize"

"Confuse!"

"Blind!"

It was not long before curses, which are exclusive patents of those who mainly deal with Command Manna, began to pour out.

The move was aimed at slowing down the opponent's movements and ending with offensive magic.

As his mind became dizzy and his vision was blurred in an instant, he could not avoid the black bullets.

He's strong.

Simply looking at the scale of power, they belonged to a transcendental class such as Shandrami-Nehana and the vampire and pace they met during the Loun Empire revolt.

I've met only the two of them.

However, unlike the body of Shandra Minnea, who suddenly lost her strong pace or edge by doping, he was a real exhaustion that went up to eight circles with his full strength.

In fact, unlike the dumb mosquitoes, which were simply suppressed with all their strength and thought it was a hidden trick, the approach in front of them freely operates dozens of hidden numbers.

Even if it's the same power, the level will vary depending on how you use it.

Except for the divine power, Manna's recovery is 8 circles.

His field is also eight circles.

It's true that it's strong.

"It's a little emotional."

Phew!!!

So far, it was an enemy within acceptable limits.

"At least you should have dragged the body of the world to threaten me."

"That's ridiculous! The giant tree that supports the world is beyond the reach of life!"

Even before he became a master, he cut the master class, but if he was pushed to the extent that he was in the same class, it would be better to bite his tongue and die.

"Oh, my God!"

It's only normal if the body is saturated and corroded by magic.

He seemed more surprised when I escaped the baptism so unharmed that I jumped on his upper body.

"Let's see if he's holding out."

There was no loyalty to address such questions.

As soon as I reached into the air with one hand, I called in Hongdan and Chengdan, and cut off the huge cane that was swinging for a counterattack.

"What?"

It looks like it's made of pretty solid material.

If Cheng Dan cuts down on the laws of physics, Hong Dan cuts down on opposition.

Hongdan was inserted into the body of the man who broke into two pieces without much resistance, and then cut his skull in half with a blue iron.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Screams of terrible pain reverberated bitterly.

"What a grotesque knife?!"

He was once again a man who showed great hostility toward Cheng Dani.

[Argh!]

In the end, the tearful Qingdao's will turned the tap off momentarily.

"Who do you think is bizarre? Is this crazy?"

Whaddeuk!

Rotating the body makes a big hole in his skull.

I'll stab you back in the head as much as my tip is turned.

He certainly did not die easily this time as he came up with countermeasures against the Qingdao family.

That was not enough to make him notice what he had prepared at once.

If it's hard to find a bug in the middle of a second...

"I can only burn them all."

Boom! Whirrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

After fixing his body with blue and red, he held the cross-shaped longinus upside down and inserted it into his body.

"Huh?! What's this......"

Here's a present."

[8th-order Holy Wizard]

[Methododendron Dog]

Whaaaah!

The shelling of pure white shook his giant body once on the end of the cross.

If you are going to pour it all out, I will spare no money.

Woooooooooooooooohoooong!!

As the divine power that could not be ignored began to overflow from the cross stuck in my body, he flashed his eyes and reached out to me.

The one who opens his bare hands shouts urgently.

"Des Bres!!"

Whaaaah!

It is a counterattack that followed in an instant.

As if I could never lose, most of Manna's mana was poured out in an instant and hit back, but my body, which was about to finish, bounced off for a moment and was pushed back nearly a dozen meters.

"Kkhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh It's true that you're strong, but you're not as strong as you are you."

In an instant, he murmured as if he had noticed the difference in my body.

"In the end, that's it. You can't kill me anymore."

I opened my hand, which was bending low at his words.

"Ta-da, what is this?"

On top of that.

A sphere of light was held, emitting a blackish light.

The power of the Qingdao cannot be tolerated with any defensive magic.

Rather, it was a hidden medium for a man who constantly made the power of Qingdao go elsewhere.

You look like you've used your brain job. It was his mistake to forget that this side could use command magic.

"What about that?"

Command magic, you're not the only one who can use it. He's trying to wrinkle up in front of a pupa."

"Oh, my God!!"

Whaddeuk!

Reflectively, he ran toward me, but the black light bulb, which had already been in my hand, couldn't stand the power of my grasp and broke down.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

At the same time, the person who lost some kind of element that protected the body failed to withstand the power of the Qingdao, who constantly destroyed the body, and collapsed.

The speed at which it began to crumble in an instant was much faster than the first time.

"There are six more times left."

My warning constantly shook his eyes.

"I don't understand! How can a saint with a scar... how can he use the command magic... ...and the spirit magic!"

Spirit magic is still very merciful, so even the sword can learn it and the magicians can learn it.

The most incomprehensible thing in his eyes was the coexistence of my divine power and my commanding mana.

It's so good to use the elements here.

Having swallowed such an idea inside and crushed his skull with his palm, I slowly got up and took a short breath.

After this, you rest for months as if you were dead. If you don't listen, I'll force you to do it.

Perserk responded coldly that he could not let go of the side effects found after a fight with the strong.

"Persek."

"......"

"Did you see the enemy attacking me?"

She was silent to my weak question.

"If I fall, all the Hines will die. Human beings will die, and all the elves will be dragged or killed."

Davey!

"I have no great cause to save the world. I don't think so."

Instead, his pride is so strong.

You have to show that you have to be prepared to be kicked out."

It's not just a fight with world numbers. It is like a warning to those who are hiding and waiting for confusion.

I don't care what you do, so don't touch me.

At the same time as his defeat, the remaining three or four Frost Warm Wibbons began to flee in unison.

It was safe to say that those who did not know fear and pain ran away, probably because the one who lost his life once again sensed the danger and retreated to save his strength.

How do you find the next one? Now he won't show up in front of you.

He'll know because he's been beaten twice, not once.

They are no match in a simple armed struggle.

His steps clearly showed that he was trying to revive something.

Which means that if you drag on, they'll have an advantage.

A wise man would never risk appearing before me again.

If then,

"I'll go and see for myself."

Without taking a breath of subtle roughness, I slowly began to raise the hidden element Manna to the end.

Then he began to express his warp magic.

"Hide tight."

Chew!

"I can see your hair."

Paang!!

At the moment, the background changed and the desolate solitary zone with nothing began to be revealed.

There will be no place like this place with many bones to reconstruct the body with a considerable distance from me.

"Go... ...space transition magic?! How are we supposed to be here?

"You didn't know the magic, did you? You little bastard!

I didn't know I'd come after him right after the resurrection, though his alarmed cries came.

It's too late for him to react.

Screechuck!!

I, who cut his head once again, stepped on his skull, which had just been reconstructed, and laughed.

"Five more times?"