202 # 202

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the first installment of the ninth volume.

A huge feast of light swept around the area like a blessing from God and caught everyone's eyes.

Actually.

It's a simple trick.

It would be crazy for me to bet buffs on tens of thousands of soldiers, not just one or two.

But if you don't get caught, it's art.

The soldiers looked at the powder of light I burst and seemed to judge that something had been done to their bodies.

Placebo effect.

It refers to the mental effect of believing that even simple sugar is medicine and that the moment you eat it, you can really get better.

"The human body is amazing."

"How many times did you cheat in that short time?"

Looking at the girl asking with a look of astonishment, I seriously gave her a word of maxim.

"If you don't get caught, it becomes art."

"The Lord Priya's eyes are twisted, and he's giving you a scar."

"There is no law that there is only one person who has sexual scars."

A bright blonde girl on my horse, Illina followed after a light bounce of her elegantly braided hair.

"By the way, are you really going to advance? Without any countermeasures?"

It was her question.

"I know you're strong, but you're not even one or two, and you're moving after you figure something out."

"Ilina."

Her eyes opened wide as I turned my head after I cut her off.

"This is the last time."

The short answer shut her mouth.

I didn't ask what made me run out of time.

"Well... just one thing, please."

She pulled at my sleeve rarely.

"I haven't recovered his body yet."

I couldn't not know who her brother was.

Rich Claire Orphan appeared and was the Crown Prince of the Palan Empire, who was killed after stepping forward to punish him.

"We must find the body of the old bunny. Find it... ...and send the news to the Queen of the Crown Prince, and we'll have to put the state funeral on."

I covered her face with my hands and pushed her without a word in the eyes that revealed the weak feelings that were rarely seen.

"Don't worry uselessly and you stay."

"What? No!"

At the sight of her screaming, I grabbed her wrist without a word and rolled up my sleeves.

Her arms hidden in her sleeves were full of sour bruises.

It was not just a bruise, but a necrosis of muscles and blood vessels.

It was a side effect that came to those who forcibly pulled out Manna and used it.

The situation isn't serious yet, so I don't think it's going to leave a scar, but if the battle continues, her arms will become ugly as a trace of necrotizing skin.

"But you still get around with that kind of injury in front of people who have learned medicine, don't you think?

Her face turned blue when she spoke with a smile.

"Before you kick it out, go to the clinic."

"Oh, my God!"

Screaming and receding, I breathed a sigh.

Do we need to drive it out so violently?

"Foolish Hogu needs to be scolded sometimes to be aware of the situation."

Noah, are you still here?'

I'm listening, contractor.

"I'm getting ready. You can run as fast as you want if you signal. You can take all the energy stored in your body."

The spirit energy I have uses a method of replacing other forces with spirit energy.

Therefore, the current total amount is the highest, but also the lowest recovery rate.

If that's the undead.

This is King Spirit.

Let's see who has the overwhelming advantage.

Coooooooong!

The soldiers' faces start to be shocked once again.

With a huge earthquake, a giant earth giant on the ground began to move step by step as if it were opening the way.

"Prince Salivan."

"...oh, yes! All right! I'm marching!"

Boom!

He pulled out his sword and shouted.

"The dead are crossing our land and making our family suffer! I may have been beaten by them so far, but now it's different! Today we will win! ......win!"

"Wow!!!"

Perhaps because he reminded me with his own eyes that he had a strong ally, the morale that had been separated like a broken soldier began to explode again.

"You seem quite used to raising morale."

Prince Salivan, who was following me on the horse, carefully asked.

I evaded answering with a wry smile on my face.

"Don't let your guard down. All I did was suggest that I could win, not strengthen you. No matter how strong a man is in a battlefield, it's not strange when he dies with a cry."

The enemy is a commander of 8 circles, not even 7 circles.

What he showed now was a simple operation of the undead, but if he really decides to do so, he could suffer massive losses at once.

In magic, what about eight-circle prominence magic? If you condense it in the middle of this army and throw it, thousands will evaporate on the spot.

So I was going to bury him with everything I had.

A bitter mutter made him nod quietly.

* * *

Looking at the Allies entering the huge canyon, Rich Clair Orphan took a step forward, flashing a red light.

"You came to the Geary Tomb."

What he saw in his eyes was a bunch of meat that put its head into the dragon's mouth fearlessly.

"But I can't see him."

A monster that had endless power so that nothing could be felt.

He said he was a mortal, but he could not see the monster boy hiding an image he could not possibly have obtained from his mortal time.

If he was nearby, he couldn't know.

However, his senses showed no sign of the boy's mana.

He headed for another place.

I was anxious about what he would do, but soon Claire Orfan shook her head.

Alice, the sex candidate at the heart of the plan, had entered the sanctuary for the resurrection of the great lord.

I don't care what else is taken away. This was him.

I don't know what he moved to do, but tens of thousands of people will be killed without resistance because of his foolish judgment.

"The only thing I can give to those who forget their fears is death."

Speaking calmly, he raised one hand.

Slurping!!

At the same time, darkness like a giant black hole appeared at his fingertips and began to distort the surrounding area.

I was beaten up by that monstrous boy.

He is an eight-circle commander. It was a powerful being that had no way to find on the continent.

'I'll show them my power, by all means.'

Soon the huge vortex gathered in his hand soon created a huge sphere.

Then he grabbed it and exploded without a word.

Lightly!!

A flash of white, different from the flash of white, only a flash of white.

As soon as a huge dark flash burst, an unexpected event began to take place in the ravine where the Allies were marching in a long line.

Tens of thousands of large undeads began to pour on them, breaking the walls of the cliff as if they had been waiting.

"Once bitten, it's all death, and no one can deny it."

The men of the Union must have avoided a head-to-head confrontation when they fought his forces.

No matter how weak the power of individuals is, the moment they are bitten, they will have no choice but to die.

"I... ...all of us! Get ready for battle!!"

"Don't panic! Load the arrow!

The fact that the allied forces, who were surprised by the sudden ambush, came out to counterattack means that they have prepared their own measures.

The traps laid out here mean nothing to them.

Once again, Claire Orphan poured all the remnants of her power into the cane.

Then he lightly patted the tip of the cane on the ground.

"This is the land that my lord ruled in the past. How dare you go beyond human beings, you have a big liver!"

Boom!

A huge earthquake occurs with light light light.

And

Allies and undead armies began to clash.

Drum roll! Drum roll!

The huge number of earth-shaking fights between humans and undead were simply abysmal.

Clair Orpan, who looked down at the battlefield without a word, was able to see the overwhelming Allied forces in the basic physical force as if it was natural.

On the contrary, the undeads are far behind the basic physical force of the human coalition.

On the contrary, he actively took advantage of the fact that he would win the moment he hurt the enemy.

As long as you have a system in which the enemy bites and kills you soon becomes your ally.

Such a head-to-head confrontation was too obvious even if the winner was obvious.

Although there were many human beings who were strong in their own way and picked Orblade, they were majors that seemed difficult to expect to have a big effect.

"You fools..."

After a disastrous war, a mixture of screams, shouts, and murder and jealousy, Claire Orphan chose the means to crush the fight at once.

He prepared the cane by tapping it lightly on the ground.

Tung... Tung...

The cliffs of the rocky canyon vibrated lightly.

This is a natural landscape, but in fact, there were definitely secrets hidden here that humans didn't know.

Right now

These places have been used as tombs for Biryong for hundreds of years.

And, in this tomb, the bones of the long-established enemy lie dormant.

Boom!

It was not long before a huge crack was heard enough to bury the huge vibrations and shouts.

Boom!

With the sound of another sound, huge cracks began to appear in parts of the hard rock canyon.

Boom!!!

And when the crack reaches its maximum.

In unison, the wall collapsed and something huge began to pop out of it.

They were Frost Warm Wibbons with extremely low temperatures.

It was definitely spectacular to see the dozens of Frost Warm Weiburns flying up in unison to cover the sky's light.

"One may somehow have been stopped."

His red ophthalmology is the dozens of giant monsters that soon rose in the sky.

I'm hooked on Frost Warm Wyvern.

Even if dozens of them shoot Bresse at the same time, it will be hard to hold without cover."

Bressees that pour out in such dense areas can only show overwhelming efficiency.

I didn't really care how much the coalition tried to fight back.

Boom!

Let's go!

Tens of meters of giant dragons began to attract energy from black air currents with their mouths wide open.

The Bresse of Frost Warm Weiburn attacked a coalition that was not participating in the war.

Whaaaah!

There was so much cold water vapor that there was no way to avoid it that it completely obscured the view around it.

I'm sure you can't see anything.

His eyes were a mixture of light green, and he could see clearly.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

"Help me!"

Frightened, the coalition's soldiers were constantly frozen and crushed by the Bresse of dozens of Frost worm Wyvern, who rose into the sky in a moment.

It is certainly an overwhelming situation.

But why?

Claire Orfan could feel that the strange sense of deja vu was lingering.

And it didn't take long to catch the identity of the surprise.

a soldier screaming and being swept away by a cold-blooded brain

the strongmen of a desperately fighting

It was definitely a brief moment, but the fight lasted quite a while right after the crash. Of course, the undead had to be sacrificed in large quantities.

But none of the undeads were killed.

No, to be exact, there was not a single undead broken in the hands of the Allies.

The short and intense sense of alarm was enough to send danger signals recklessly with instinctively.

Did you enjoy the three-dimensional surroundings?"

"Huh?!"

As the reflexively surprised Claire Orpan was about to turn.

The sword with a red sword and the bizarre sword that once killed him with a blue sword pierced his body and crushed it to the bottom of the canyon cliff.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Being stuck in a coma without a proper response, he soon uttered a scream that resorted to the pain of his soul attacking his whole body.

Then, screaming, he could see.

The entire coalition is slowly dispersing.

Just like all the other players I've seen so far have been welcomed.

And

Boom!!!

Instead of the soldiers of the Union, where the calm ground glides away for a moment.

Dozens of meters of super-massive earth giants and a hundred smaller earth giants could be seen all together.

The presence of dozens of Frost worm wibbons begins to feel as if they are crushing the surroundings.

"So many soldiers... were all welcome. That's ridiculous! The manna that is used to maintain that magic is something that a single being can handle...!"

"In a simple way."

Though he screamed like a scream after judging the situation.

It was shortly after the fist of the super-massive earth giant was thrown down by Frost Warm Wyverns.

not a black sheep of false undead

The abuse of a true union has begun.