209 # 209

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 8 of the Nine

"Ilina."

a clean-up unit dispatched to clean up the completely burned forest

Saliban, who commanded a unit of most of the shrines and soldiers, called Illinois, which was staring at Prince Davy without a word.

"What's wrong with you? Brother."

Salivan smiled bitterly at her, who answered with a subtly stiff face.

"Are you all right?"

"Yeah, no injuries, no fatigue."

"Fortunately, if you were wrong, you wouldn't have been ashamed to see my brother."

Smiling, he stroked Illina's head.

"Didn't he spare you that much in his life?"

"......I can't believe he said that."

"Ilina."

"In the meantime, Salivan and I have been in conflict over everything."

Prince Salivan smiled bitter at Illinois' sharp comments.

I had a quiet clash with my brother. I actually fought with my brother a lot."

Having stopped talking, he mumbled with his glasses fixed to protect his tired eyes.

"However, I never wanted my brother to die or get hurt. It's the same for you."

"I'm just in a lot of trouble because of my brother's unruly drive."

At the quiet remark, Illina turned her head away.

"By the way, Prince Davy may be more true than I thought."

"......"

Salivan smiled at her, who looked amazing.

"What do you think?"

"What?"

"Prince David."

As soon as she realized what Salivan intended to ask, she opened her eyes wide, surprisedly.

"What is that?"

"I've looked into it one way or another. Prince Davy. It's amazing what he's been doing in a short period of time. To be honest, I can't ask for anything more if I can bring someone as big as him to the royal side."

Illina, who gave strength to the hand that held the sword, suddenly recalled the future when she made a marriage with the bad Davy and bore fruit.

"......"

"Hooray."

Salivan giggled as if it was fun for her to shake her head as if her face had become red without realizing it.

"I see your answer, I'll go over it when your brother's funeral is over. Aren't you old enough to save your wife? It seems like the Lindis Empire is already paying attention, but it's not a bad idea to have a hard time."

"Moreover, have you found your brother's body yet?"

"...yes, I've been searching everywhere, but I haven't had any good harvest yet. However, at this rate, you will be able to find your brother's body soon."

"......"

Salivan mumbled, hugging her, who had a shadow on her face, patting her back without a word.

"You'll be all right... ...and I'm sorry about what happened to you, but I don't want you to be depressed."

* * *

The cleanup operation itself was not difficult.

Even if it was contaminated in the first place, there were few difficult places in the cleanup itself because the period was short and wide.

If it were the only place, there would be ruins where they existed, but there was no reason to dig it up again as they had already been buried once through Lünne.

Public opinion about me starts to improve rapidly because of my actions to clean up the forest in a bad situation.

Jack had already heard that the rumor began to spread quickly through those who already had a big mouth.

Public opinion, which has begun to improve once, is meaningful even if it is simple.

Everyone's eyes clearly changed from before as they toured the forests and plains that were contaminated because it was not a difficult task in the first place.

It doesn't have to be hard to understand. I'm just moving in line with the deal you gave me with the Priya goddess.

Good deeds without cause for my actions He seemed to regard his body as a good deed.

a true saint

Or a saint.

It's a title that makes me feel quite embarrassed, but the fact that whenever such words are added, the debt of the Palan Empire will increase to me has not changed.

Most of the power that used to maintain the undead disappeared, right after the foundation of the undeads was over.

The coalition decided to disband after a brief meeting because it had no further purpose.

The procession back home was simple.

It was safe to say that the issue of posthumous compensation did not mean anything to the Allies as it remained in charge of politics, not those who fought.

Even in such a yard, I did not go back, but continued to purify the land of the Palan Empire, and to consecrate the spirit.

You don't have to do that. I didn't stop in spite of the dissuasion around me that I didn't have to overdo it.

You cheated in the first place, and it wasn't hard work.

I am not doing this for them, but I am faithful to the deal with the goddess of the Lord's Priest.

However, those who did not know the real intentions of such actions seemed to have mistakenly thought that I gave up my interests and remained to appease the souls of those who died unjustly.

"Prince David. Please drop by our kingdom sometime. I'll serve you with all my heart."

"Please take care of my kingdom, please. Apart from the simple struggle for interests, you are truly worthy of praise. It would be an honor to visit our kingdom."

Unlike those who like politics with a headache, those who are now favorable to me said the same thing when they left the headquarters and returned to their homeland.

He asked me to play it once.

Some of them were just polite, but some of them really had that kind of heart.

"Prince Davy?"

"Oh, yes, General Coulin."

"Haha, is it your first time talking to each other like this?"

An old man with a gray beard smiled and reached out his hand.

"I see. Are you on your way home now?"

"Yes, I can't leave my home country empty forever. I wish I could stay and help the prince more."

Laughing, he turned his head.

Then he pulled the arm of a young girl in armor.

"Inseok, what are you doing? It's not enough to thank the life-savior!"

Then he smiled, pressing down on the brown-haired girl's head to greet me.

"My name is Hula."

"Nice to meet you. This is Daviolan."

"Huh...hula Mendes. ...hahaha. Go... Thank you!"

I looked suspicious at the sight of him screaming with his head down.

"He was leading soldiers in the preface at the time of the command-line defense. The prince saved us from almost being killed by undead."

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

"Thank you very much. Inseok is now the only granddaughter I have left. It's the only family. I can't repay you much for your lack of energy."

He held my hand tightly, blurry the end of his words.

"I will never forget your kindness to save my precious granddaughter. Anyway, please visit us at any time in the Kingdom of Perdisha. I'll treat you with no regret."

"It is natural to save our troops in a war. Don't feel too much pressure."

He chuckled at my smile.

"Huh, I really think I know why the prince was stigmatized."

Fraud...

I hear someone's murmur, but I ignore it.

"I really wanted to say thank you. Please, take care of yourself. Let's go, Hula.

"Yes, Grandpa."

General Coulin Mendes wasn't the only one who turned around saying that.

"Thank you for saving my brother's life," he said. "I had a hard time raising up soldiers who were breathing and tightening their heads.

Some people thanked Frost Warm Weiburn, a huge undead who attacked the command, for saving his life.

Is it because those who were helped unknowingly became better than expected?

There were also many people who thanked me for my help, as if I had been encouraged to do good while leaving the country or individual gains alone.

'Simple goodwill or a warm atmosphere.'

Hmm?

'Not bad.'

If the other side is grateful, shouldn't it be polite to accept the favor purely?

After most of the cleanup work was done, I had time to relax, holding and releasing the remaining fire that had been mutated without a word in the accommodation.

"This is a bigger bomb than I thought."

If it explodes, how much will it fly?

"Well, I don't know, but theoretically speaking, it's a big bomb, but I don't know the extent."

By guess?

"I'm going to blow up a radius of dozens of kilometers."

So you're going to use it in the fight against the world?

Like when we fought with the former transcendental body.

I shook my head when asked if I was going to use it again.

"No."

It is said to be of great help to the transformation of the country, but this time it cannot be used simply.

"I'll leave this, I'll have to have an extra life."

Persek nodded sympathetically in my words.

Obviously, your behavior will cost you even a few lives.

I stopped here because I'm at a strong level now, but there's no guarantee that it'll be this easy in the future.

Currently, the level of force is incomparably low on the continent.

If the enemy buried in the past wakes up again in such a situation.

There is no guarantee that there will be no such thing as the current commander, Dayan.

"Let's start with Sasin-soo."

Then I got up from my seat and opened the tightly closed door without hesitation.

"Hot?"

At the same time, the blonde girl, who was thinking hard at the door with her head down, looked up at me in a surprise.

"What are you doing here?"

"Oh... well, it's..."

It didn't seem very important to see him talking gibberish like he was embarrassed.

Watching her without a word, I soon stroked her head and walked away.

"I need a few things."

She tilted her head at my words.

"What do you need? Just tell me! I'll save you all!"

Only then did she answer with strength as if she had come to her senses.

Therefore, I asked for the item I had thought of.

"I need to make some freaks. Or a window."

"The... the... the... the... the... the... the... what?

It was Illina who tilted her head as if she didn't know what it was.

Certainly, there can't be any amulet to make and use a monster paper here.

"Let's have a blank scroll ball, please."

an empty piece of paper which has not yet been enchanted

Ileina nodded quickly, even though she looked suspicious of my demands.

"I'll see if the distributor has anything left. But I don't know if there will be any extra supplies..."

Contrary to her concerns, I was able to get the necessary amount of ball scroll paper.

The necrotizing paper used to make amulets is often used to sprinkle the juice from the fruit of a tree and undergo various processing.

Of course, it was virtually impossible to find the highest quality rhubarb I wanted because such technology had never developed much in the Tionis continent.

I don't know if I grow it myself, but the reality is that it is impossible to secure the necessary supplies right away.

Of course, the type of work I'm trying to do has the greatest effect of necrosis, so the scroll paper used in magic has to be less efficient.

But, instead of this, it's called gum.

It was a professional law to make it impossible.

The scrolls of balls that Illina brought were larger than I thought.

"When you said you'd use it, they gave you a lot, didn't they? I'm starting to think that the imperial family in this country is you, not me."

"I'm glad you're quite friendly."

"Huh? It's not funny. You haven't forgotten what this command is called, have you?"

a true saint

a devoted saint

Whatever it was, it was cheesy but not bad.

"It's crazy that I didn't spare my life and worked hard for the people who were injured and died unjustly. Anyone who knows your true character will sigh first."

"Go back if you're going to talk rubbish."

"What the hell did you ask me to scroll the ball for?"

At her words, I opened a scroll without a word and began to draw a strange pattern on it with a thick pen.

"Good thing."

Even though I say so, my hands don't rest. Illina looked down at the paper with a curious look as a familiar and unusual pattern was engraved on the scroll to see if she had a good memory and had lost her senses.

"It's not like normal magic scrolling."

"It's different. It's not magic."

"Is it weird again? How many tricks do you have?"

"Are you curious?"

Her expression cooled down at my question.

"Keep wondering."

Illina said what I had to say in a timely manner as if she knew me well.

"I knew it, you bastard."

"What a quick wit."

The only reason for the use of scrolling was simply that the use of force required impurities-free paper with fewer side effects.

I quickly created a tropical number of amulets as if they were being machine-printed, and soon I grabbed the amulet's ink before it dried up and threw it into the air. If the goddess of Priya had kept her promise with me and unlocked her.

There will be a reaction.

"The paper just flew up."

"It's a summoner."

To make sure that the rules that really make up the world have changed, there is no better way than summoning them yourself.

"Birds, lizards, turtles, cats."

Illina tilted her head curiously at what I said.

"A bird... ..what?"

"What do you like?"

"I like birds, so to be exact. birds flying in the sky You look free, don't you?"

"It's a fire chicken."

I waved one hand to the shameless answer.

"Present under my name."

You have no right to veto.

Boom!!!

Soon there was a huge movement of fire along my hand.