205 # 205

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the ninth and fourth installments

74. I won't regret turning around.

Will he lose his last life in vain?

Or will they take out something they have hidden so far?

It was clear that he was never letting me go to a certain place, even if he could cut his life.

Why?

So far, there has been no sign of Alice, the sex candidate he took, anywhere in his resurrection.

"Let me see..."

Having re-expressed his magic by blurring the end of his words, I soon began to express warp magic again along his position that began to print.

But soon, they dispersed their hands without regret over the changing coordinates and stopped the magic.

Davey?

"It's broken. I didn't cut it myself. Manna is so irregular."

I'm afraid that's not true.

Once you see it, you'll get the answer.

I've made a moderate combination of confusing traces to look around and specify the coordinates of a safe place nearby.

Is this possible?

"It's possible."

Ignoring the expression of amazing, I could soon see a completely dead bamboo forest.

This is...

"Where he was sealed."

So far, looking at his remarks and behavior, it was clear that this was a place where something huge existed, including the area.

And the subject may be Dayan, the commander who calls him immortal and believes in him as an absolute being.

"It's a completely."

The goose bumps all over the body made a smile.

"If you wake up properly, you'll go crazy."

This is more than I imagined.

The surprisingly dense energy of death certainly posed a different level of danger than Claire Orphan.

Don't go in. This looks a little dangerous.

"Is this where you turned around and eventually ran away?"

As it was the last remaining life, I could clearly feel that he was now pushing for it as if it were a total disaster.

It's not hard to get in here on his own, as he intended.

I was wondering what was in it and why my skin was so tingling.

"Let's go."

I fell on one knee without a word and lowered my head, and began to kill the movements of my whole body as if I were controlling my whole body.

If the number of undeads spread here is similar to or more than the number of people running around outside, it will take a lot of time to reach the destination.

If then,

"It's a sleeping camouflage action."

......to claim that no one's ever seen anyone kill them?

"You're not wrong. And this time, we're really going to infiltrate."

Heart, body odor, footstep sounds.

After killing all parts of sound and tact, I pushed the twin swords into the subspace and slowly moved toward the forest with empty hands.

* * *

It wasn't as difficult as I thought.

Is it because you can't afford to care about me, or is it because you're confident?

Ignoring the undeads wandering with only regularity, the place where I arrived was a huge historical site that led to the underground.

The remains of a giant rich man, Claire Orphan, who woke up after being sealed.

It was the epicenter of this work.

Kicking... Kicking!

The more and more powerful undeads were seen as they walked into the ruins.

There were also undeads that Claire Orphan could handle.

What bothers me more than anything.

"......"

Manna's flow was a mess.

Magic expression basically has a way of creating a phenomenon by controlling the mana of the body.

But what if Manna's flow is such a mess?

Of course magic can't be expressed correctly.

It is a good thing that magic is not used, and environmental conditions were so bad that even if Manna, who had a collision, had nothing to say even if she caused a huge explosion.

Coooooooong!

It was not long before I reached the entrance of the huge community, unraveled all my hidden movements, and I lifted up the Hongdan and cut down the solid stone wall.

Whaaaah!

When the stone gate, which had been tightly closed with a heavy sound of shock, collapsed, a strange appearance began to appear in it.

"Rain... ...a bloody man! After all, you followed me all the way here!"

The first thing I saw was the giant leach, gasping for breath in the middle of the huge hall.

It was the image of Claire Orphan.

I can`t go any further."

"If you were going to stop me, you shouldn't have been caught here until the end."

Of course, even if he hides it, the fact that I'm pushing it all the way here remains unchanged.

He began to move slowly, as he had been shining in the limelight without saying anything about my provocation.

That behavior.

He was reckless enough to be considered dead.

The man wielding an extra staff and scattering the energy of death sent out an intense attack as if he could see his will to squeeze everything out of his remaining life.

There are many ways to avoid and to dig up.

but

It was hard to stop all the output I had.

The eyes were following, but the body felt like it was not following.

"What's wrong? Is it so hard to deal with it?" Hahahaha!"

As he shouted with a grotesque mine, the incessant flying attacks were attacks that would have a considerable blow if they were directly hit.

The man who excessively amplified his power with his life as collateral has constantly pressured me by burning the power and life that has gathered as the life bezel has shrunk.

When a powerful attack that could be directly hit even if I relaxed a little bit, I threw Hong Dan in the air and drew Manna in empty hands.

[8 Circle Magic]

[Flame Meter]

[Prometheus.]

Whore.

For a second,

When the blue flames flashed from the fingertips, I threw five tiny balls of fire into the air, each held at the fingertips without regret.

Whaaaah!

Then, a huge explosion of explosions instantly overturned the area.

I wandered for a moment in a burrowing attack, filling the ceiling.

And the moment I saw the gap.

"Hongdan. Let's go."

Hong Dan, who had jumped into the air, moved himself as if he were alive and created a red flash.

Whack!!!

Hongdan's sword, which he dug into in an instant, eventually penetrated his body and crushed it into a wall.

Without stopping there, I lifted the jeongdan to the height of my face and pulled it back.

[Serious Prosecutor]

[Quick detection]

[Earthquake]

I don't know what you're hiding down here.

If you desperately want to block my steps, you have to push ahead.

As soon as the muscles of his arm, which was holding the blue leg, began to wiggle, a fresh blue air was flowing and he took control of the area.

For a moment, the body of Cheongdan-ga made a 360-degree turn to split the ground.

Then an ultra-dense sword in the shape of a half-moon flew toward his body, destroying the ground with overwhelming weight.

Boom!!!

As much as I'm determined to cut it off.

This attack was more heavy and destructive than any other attack I've ever seen in my fight against him.

* * *

a moment's silence in the community

In the end, the outcome of the fight was decided.

How could it have been such an easy fight without Cheng Dan and Hong Dan?

By far I was confident of shaking my head.

The sword that cuts down the laws of physics and the sword that cuts down the laws of physics. It must have been quite difficult in the average way.

"Kkhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

Walking slowly in the clouds of dust, I walked slowly into the support of the sound with a sudden strange laugh.

There's...

Richie, Claire Orpan, who had half evaporated, was lying on the floor.

"I curse your existence."

"I will bear your curse."

Speaking calmly and trampling on his skull, I pulled out Hong Dan, who was stuck in his chest.

Judging that he did not die at once, he seemed to have barely avoided the sword of Qingdao.

Of course, his life itself was dying, as if he had not avoided it completely.

"What's left of this?"

Actually, I was a little curious.

The Command Mana has a bit of a ferocious spirit, but as a result, its efficiency is determined by the user's mind.

Even if the commander's mana is dark and dull, it can save and protect countless people as much as possible.

But as soon as he woke up from the ruins for a long time, he destroyed everything around him.

"To remain... ...yes, after all, there's nothing left for me."

He, who spoke calmly, smiled. As it was slowly dying, there was no need to cut off the rope.

"But my oath to my lord remains."

His eyes flashed momentarily.

Gosh, geez, geez, geez.

Then, a very loud, still echoing sound rang out.

It sounded like a huge wooden door hinge that hadn't been oiled for a long time.

Boom!

And

For a moment I slightly frowned at something that passed through my chest.

"......"

"Finally... ..he finally woke up! Everything will be at his feet! I will destroy the ugly and ugly human beings, and everything will be restored to its original path!!"

With the dying cry of Claire Orphan, cracks began to appear on the ground of a completely collapsed community.

And

In a very momentary explosion, an intangible energy struck me and pushed me away for a few meters.

Stuttering... Stuttering...

As I was looking down at my chest silently in the huge roar and vibration of the community that seemed to collapse, I sensed a very small step and slowly looked up. There was a black-clad woman walking with a blank expression.

pale skin

a blue jewel on the forehead

She must have been a woman of acquaintance.

However, she had never been so powerful, nor had she been so embittered.

"Are you crazy?"

At my calm question, the woman looked at me with just a blank face.

"Should I change the question? Alice, are you crazy?"

The woman slowly reached for the skull, Claire Orpan, which fell at the foot of my question.

"Oh... my lord... my Lord Commander, Dayan! I've been waiting for this day for your resurrection! Punish those who fail to achieve a complete resurrection!"

The woman, who was looking at him screaming like a fanatic crying out for God, slowly turned her eyes.

Then he looked at me and flashed his eyes at an unknown depth.

Boom!

The gruesome patina was heard without hesitation.