204 # 204

The Manreb hero is coming back!

The 9th and the 3rd Episode

"Rain... God damn it!!"

The death of the man whose head was smashed was futile.

Same level.

No, the outcome of the fight was natural as long as this side attacked a man who did not even get himself together right after his resurrection from a fairly advantageous position.

Contractor, the men you help have begun the battle. Blood and bone powder are being soaked in the earth.]

"What's the situation?"

[The headless beast can't even move properly]]

"Well done."

As long as all the nerve lines of Richie, Claire Orphan, who will control the undead, are directed at me, the Allies will recover the castles without difficulty.

Why don't you go hang the buff yourself?

I don't have to, and I can't afford it.

He who disappeared completely and without a trace will seek resurrection elsewhere where he is found safe.

The moment you give us even a little time, the damage to the coalition increases.

Instead of having relatively weak interpersonal transitions, the Necromancer has an overwhelming advantage over the majority.

Although I weighed down the fraud that mutates and becomes undead so rapidly that I get bitten right away, that doesn't mean that the upper-class Death Knights he made will be weak.

Of course, at that level, the master-class beings who will be running wild on the battlefield can be dealt with without difficultyet.

Whoo!

Dozens of translucent windows began to appear in the air as soon as he reached into the air, stretched out his palm and scattered it.

Then, characters such as unique-looking ciphers begin to be arranged in it.

I'm looking for coordinates.

You said Junchi even if it rotts.

He is an eight-circle necromancer who is certainly a continental disaster.

As such, even if it's a magic that you've never seen before, you'll be prepared to notice the strange things.

It is uncertain whether it will be able to block the source.

If you give me time, I'll be lazy. This way.

As such, I began to operate warp magic again, ignoring the warning of fast-spending power.

Contractor, if you take your Spirit Manna anymore, your body will not stand.]

"That's enough. Move."

[Contractor.]

"Noas, let me tell you this once. I'd like you to listen."

Noah, who watched me without a word at my calm answer, nodded slowly.

Then he slowly began to scatter.

You're a demon teacher, a crazy student, and you're a couple. Remember, the reason your teacher, Juliana, died is because she was too strong as you.]

"Noas, if you get caught cheating, didn't you learn with your fingers?"

Euryana, the Spirit Queen, is a comfortable hero who lived in heaven and died.

But he died trying too hard? Don't cheat too much.

You're such a quick-witted bastard.

I could feel the surrounding background changing after I showed warp magic after the completely disappeared man.

Shush, shush, shush!

The place where he was tracked and arrived was filled with smoke from Sakaman, which made it impossible to see around him at all.

Originally, it was a dangerous thing that should never be done, but there was no big problem with the movement itself as he was spraying coordinates in real time.

Is the word abyss appropriate for this?

The darkness, which was not seen an inch ahead, was not just a black mist, but a haze of deadly poison.

Shushu Shuksuk!!!

Boom! Boom! Boom!

It was then.

A black-colored window of bone flew toward me who was standing still in the dark.

Dozens of windows began to fly at me as soon as I was able to avoid it once.

A surprise attack after blocking the senses.

Although quite interesting, commanders have some insight to resist this monologue.

"I'm not going to get it twice."

Unless you're a moron, I think you've prepared for it.

Whisper!!!

Each one is a powerful weapon, but in the end, there are some things that don't directly target me to block the retreat.

I quickly cut down the main speaker that came directly on the fatal route, and I kicked myself out of the spot without regret.

Push! Push!

That was not the only problem.

As soon as the windows of the bones collided, a terrible black vitriol leaked out as if it were surrounding the place where I was standing and began to make the surroundings darker.

If I didn't hide my nose and mouth reflexively and hold my breath, I would have suffered a major setback.

That's amazing. With that amount of solo acting, Sodmaster would have been beaten at once.

"Curluck... ...strong. How many bodies did they grind in?"

Although the commander uses various materials to make the toxin, such a strong toxin only comes from the body.

And this work, which adds special magic, will be more effective when using living objects.

What are you talking about?

In order to create such a trap, he was able to kill countless lives and extract toxins.

Of course, you didn't make it to kill me. Using it generously would mean that you can't afford it.

Monsters, humans, animals, race.

Perhaps he'd put a large amount of life into life to make a toxin this size.

I couldn't see him this time.

The only thing you can see inside the commander's command is the area around me.

In addition, it is not easy to find him in places that make a mess of smell, hearing, and five senses.

However, he didn't know that I knew where he was in real time.

To get rid of this smoke...

"Ignore you."

Thoughts didn't last long, actions immediately follow.

As soon as I stamped my foot as if it was combing the attack that flew in for a moment, the warp magic began to run under my feet.

There was no reason to flounder under this trap when I knew his location.

Bone Spear blocking the retreat and flying in are menacing enough.

That wasn't enough to follow me beyond space.

The excessive use of warp magic is causing the internal forces to become more and more and more.

I knew best that it was an unreasonable move.

At least he must die here.

"Oh, my God! Is your mana endless?! You're using warp magic again!"

This time, I could hear his astonishing cry when I came to him again.

The distance is not far.

Even if my hearing was paralyzed, I could catch the sound even though it was very weak.

Of course, I began to feel dozens of repercussions from the direction of the man, whether he was simply trying to tie my ankle.

There were various kinds of magicians that were triggered based on me who had moved the space.

Decay, decay, aging, exhaustion.

The basic curse.

Physical reflection. Magic reflection. Five senses control, mental breakdown.

Most of them are threatening as they are triggered by the power of the eight-circle wizard.

Of course, due to the nature of the low magic, it takes time to be applied after the war, but knowing it, he neglected all the offensive magic and was focusing on defense.

The problem was that he had no idea how far the Qingdao family was.

The original power of the Qingdao is not simply the power of destruction.

The power to cut down everything that does not exist in the laws of physics.

Destruction of the Phoenix was only a derivative force that flowed accordingly.

Whoo! Whoo! Whoo!

"What... what?"

The intangible curses that came toward me were common sense, the kind of power that would not disappear by cutting with a sword.

Of course, the reality is that no magic but a certain divine magic can prevent access to it.

As if he didn't know anything about it, Cheng Dan cut the manna of space with the energy of curses.

His act of defending the defense with a surprising and reflexive defense magic was a very neat judgment.

However, I will bear in mind that I did not come after him for such a war of attrition.

"No more useless attrition."

Whispering!!!

be in my hands Longinus, a new spear that rises into the air, turns into a long, slender spear.

I can't deny that the bamboo-shaped Longinus is such a flat type that I feel sorry to call it Sinchang.

The power actually has the power to blow away the giant body of the Shandra Minnea, which was called the transcendental body class, at once.

Davy!! You are different from that time in the Corridor Save it!

We've already reduced enough output.'

I have no intention of dying because I can't hold my own.

[New Longinus 2nd unique ability]

[Nuclear bamboo spear]

Whaddeuk!

His alarmed scream came as the thick layers of defensive magic crushed down for a moment.

"You... you can't do this! This is ridiculous."

"You can do it says.

Whaddeuk!

It feels like his body is getting stronger and stronger as all the power of his lost life is directed towards the rest of his life.

Is that meaningful?

As soon as Hong Dan-yi's red sword cut off his arms, he cut off his head in anger as if the blue sword of Cheng Dan-yi had been firmly horned.

Push-ee-ee-eh. . . . .

"Our Chengdan, shall we study math?"

Holding a relaxed tone, he hugged and asked Cheng Dan, who had become a human being.

"Yes! Yes! You can do a good job in Chengdu!"

"I want to go to Hong-dani too!!"

Did I even feel jealous of Chengdan's attention to him?

Hong Dan, who turned himself into a human type, rushed in and hugged me.

"Okay, now, how many times do we have left?"

"Yes, Evan!"

"Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, four times!"

Cheng Dan, who is jumping with four fingers open, and Hong Dan, who hurriedly followed after struggling for a long time.

Cheng Dan-yi was happy that Hong-dan answered faster, and Hong-dan looked like she was crying.

"A living sword, was it a new sword?"

"What kind of freeze to death?"

Only then did the two swords realize that they were more distant than he had imagined, and he murmured in a desolate voice.

I flatly denied his family.

"It's my children."

Born in my hands, they are my children.

Just because their essence is a sword and their ability is specialized in cutting, it doesn't go anywhere.

"Are you listening? Four more times."

I began to feel my deep warning voice and even a slight shake in his glare.

"You're a terrible... "

It was a moment to be powdered.

* * *

His paw was wretched.

It was the result of the indiscriminate push because it could never give time to control other undeads.

In an instant, his life began to decrease.

His remaining lifelines, which were divided into eight life paths and protected the soul, are now four.

The place where he resurrected again was none other than the interior of the Necropolis, where I once smashed it.

At this point, we need to investigate the remains where he was sealed.

It's probably the safest place, but it's burning my life and blocking all the way there.

Particles gathered in great light and began to form the shape of a giant skeleton.

As it is a body made of force, the reconstruction itself is quite easy.

"See you again?"

As soon as it was revived, I waved and grinned, and his mouth opened wide.

"Let's go, let's go! Three more!"

Whoo!

* * *

"Huh?! I... ..get lost!"

The man, who has not yet been revived, screamed and refused with his whole body.

"What's wrong with you, I'll wait for you until you're resurrected."

"You wicked man! The devil will do better than you!"

"By the way, the slaughtered people discuss good and evil with each other. 10 seconds left?"

When I took out the watch for the machine and waved it in front of the man who made up the shape, the urgency was difficult to his face.

"Sympathy... ...negotiate! I will accept your power! This reckless war of attrition and slaughter is not good! I surrender... yes! I surrender!"

"What, the slain, 10 seconds past. Do we have two more chances?"

Whoo!

* * *

What is the best way to crush your opponent most efficiently?

When he pushes once, he pushes without giving him time to fight back.

If it were a good thing, would it be a good thing?

Eventually, he didn't notice the magic of the Lipixus I had carved into his soul and bone.

If he had taken the time, he would have found it, but the level difference is too big for him to grasp the magic of a special language created by a real Death Road-class commander.

Technically speaking, my master of command, Roa Ias, was a finished strongman, unlike other heroes who had grown stronger in the corridor.

What I'm saying is.

This means that he had a monster-like strength from his lifetime.

"Destrode is not yet easy enough to carry you. Oh, about 30 seconds? How come the resurrection time is getting longer?"

"Don't come near me! Damn it! Why are you doing this to me?"

He shouted fiercely, not hiding where he had abandoned his initial strength.

"What do you mean? Is there a reason for the fight?"

"You've gone too far! They must have expressed their intention to surrender!!"

"Sail?"

Then what would you explain about this terrible hostility written in the status window that prints out your condition?

"Didn't the people you killed surrender?"

"......"

After all, it's just a pun.

"There's one more chance."

His face turned blue with my smile.