208 # 208

The Manreb hero is coming back!

The 9th and 7th Episode

75. He who tries to prevent war and he who tries to fight war.

The snow flashes momentarily.

Davey?

To be honest, I don't feel a bit surprised because the conditions are so unconventional.

You're gonna change the rules of how you make the world a deal?'

the unlock of a messenger

The number of dead people is four.

And all of them are early human beings on other continents who have made a wish to protect themselves.

Of course, in the land of Thionis, there can be no magic or death.

I can't believe you unlock the messenger here.

In other words, I wondered what was different from the sound of suddenly making superpowers pop out of my previous life.

It's not impossible because it's the rules themselves. It wouldn't have been an easy decision to make even if it was God's will.

Davey?

Ferserk, who had been calling my name curiously, went back to his original small form with a bang.

Then he came up to me and tilted his head around.

What's wrong with you?

"... ...nothing."

Good. Not bad.

only

If it's an opportunity, I think I can rip it off more.

As soon as I thought about it, I could feel my mind spinning and dizzy.

I've experienced this before.

Davey? Davey!

Feeling the frightened Persek's cry slowly receding, I let go of my consciousness without resistance.

* * *

When I came to my senses, what I saw before me was the endless twilight of blue and the countless oddities in white clothes.

Wearing a white robe and huge white wings, they may be angels whose heart is projected upon them.

It doesn't exist, but when a deity without substance comes into contact with someone, it comes in the form most familiar to him.

Conversation is impossible, but there is definitely a will.

The presence, which had been silent and still with my hands on my head, soon began to gather light on the white hand, which had nothing, and soon held out a pale scarlet stone to me.

I knew what the stone was.

You've already received it once.

Beyond the dimming vision again, I could realize something soft was sweeping my cheeks.

* * *

"Did you hear about Prince Davy?"

"Oh, I heard. I heard. I thought you were unconscious. What happened all of a sudden?"

"Do you understand? It's just that, according to rumors... "

Someone's whispering gets closer, then slowly moves away.

"You said you went to the earth to punish the worst of this, didn't you? I think that's where they put a lot of pressure."

"Well... you looked pretty normal..."

"I don't know, but my insides were rotten by the herd, and I was hiding them as if they weren't."

"Oh, my God... ...why did he do that?"

"He's a saint. Do you know that? I don't know if he didn't want to bother him, or if he had other reasons."

"But you're a saint, so there's no bad reason, right?"

"I heard people with high motivation talking about it, but they didn't want to burden me, so they pretended they weren't sick."

"Oh, my..."

Due to his unruly sensitive hearing, his distant voice made him faint as if he were a lullaby.

"What's the big deal? Apparently Prince Davy didn't ask for any financial consideration when he joined the army, even though he jumped into the enemy camp alone and paid a huge reward."

"That's really, really great..."

As the eyes slowly opened, someone in front of me was surprised.

"Persek.

Davey! You woke up?

'How long have I slept?'

Four days...

He seemed to have overloaded himself.

Unintentional forced sleep is ridiculous.

Can't we do it once or twice?

God's will handed me something through the second reception.

Looking at the appearance, it was definitely similar to what I received the other day, but the feeling was subtly different.

"Yes, sir..."

"Wake up... ...you're awake!"

When I discovered the embarrassed women, I stopped them from running out, saying that I would call the doctor soon.

"Stop."

"But."

"I'm the doctor. I know my body well, so don't worry about it and go out."

Their faces were bewildered by my calm words.

"But... ..Lina told me to call her when she wakes up..."

"That's all right."

One of the maidens blushed slightly as she smiled.

"Oh... I see."

Eventually, when the maidens bowed down, the room remained silent.

"Successful in politics."

In the midst of all this...

"Don`t forget that all public opinion comes from the chats of the maid and the maid of honor."

I overlooked each of these public opinions.There will be a moment when your liver burns big.

No matter what you plan, you should expect all kinds of variables when you are connected to others.

Someone will do this in this situation.

If you gamble vaguely with that thought, it's a moment for you to humiliate yourself.

In my case, I can see how to act because I see the overall flow little by little, but it was actually difficult to judge by that alone.

On the sofa on the side of the room, two twin little girls were gently asleep, hugging each other.

And the silver-haired girl, whose red hair and blue hair had become a pillow, opened her eyes quietly closed and faced me.

At a very short moment, the silver-haired girl's hair was shiny and changed in shape and returned to its original form.

"David, the bio-signal is very stable, nothing unusual, the overall condition level is over 95%. an unprecedented figure of satisfaction This is highly appreciated by Lünne."

"Lune."

"Lune highly appreciates David's recovery."

I said nothing more in that relieved voice.

"Four days..."

Previously, the number of contacts, which had been lost for hours, increased to four days in the second time.

I don't know if the time increases as the number repeats, or if the fatigue accumulated due to the strength I used before that exploded.

I thought it might include at least all the front and rear.

Are you okay now?

"Yeah, it's much fresher."

Just as muscles grow when you use them, the more you use your body's mana, the more you increase the amount in unconsciousness.

The reality was that Manarang is gradually increasing at this moment, thanks to its continued proper operation.

My body, which had become in the best condition, became quite satisfied and moved around, I took my hand out of the blanket with the familiar sense of my hand.

Oh, my God... ...this looks like a small fire!

"It's a little different."

Unlike Persec, who opened his eyes wide, the stone, presumed to be a residual fire, was a little darker than before.

If you don't know, it's best to see for yourself.

As soon as she borrowed and dragged her powers, the item began to appear before her eyes.

[Cover]

[Breaking]

[One reconstruction when the user's body and mind collapses.]

[One remaining quantity]

[Automatic expression of whether to use special conditions.]

Hmm? Nothing much has changed.

"No, it's better."

It was amazing.

The previously used residual fire was clearly an automatic trigger in the fight against an enemy above the weight of the transcendental class.

However, this time, such items have not only disappeared, but also the collapse of the mind as well as the body has begun to be included in the scope.

And not a single resurrection, but a single reconstruction.

the word reconstruction

Isn't it quite familiar to me?

If you die, you're going to die.

"It won't just happen."

We'll need a lot of preparation for that.

As she said, it was worth risking one's life to gamble if he was looking for a change of heart.

My body has a deformed structure that is almost impossible to replace.

On the contrary, if you completely succeed in your transformation.

The fact that it will continue to grow as much as it did in the previous unstable transition period remains unchanged.

Then isn't it right to use it right now? You are now the world number and...

"No."

When I folded my mind, I immediately opened the subspace and threw it in.

Why is that?

"An unstable and complete transition is different."

After experiencing it once, we can see instinctively what will happen if we change further.

It's a means of recovery, or a catalyst for growth.

On the contrary, it is a huge bomb.

I slowly moved my arms and legs, bent my neck, and warmed up.

Then he said, moving his steps.

"My body is a compressed bomb now. If you use this as you want, you'll probably explode."

The scope will probably go far beyond what I imagine.

* * *

The condition of the gods, Sasin-su, is a symbol of desire created by humans who lived in other worlds without the existence of God's will to protect themselves.

Of course, as all forces come from Sasin-su, a collection of wishes, the difference between heaven and earth is whether the existence of Sasin-su can exist.

with a jerk

Soon after, as soon as I entered the union conference room, which was still busy with post-mortem problems, countless eyes reached me.

They are subtle boundaries, or eyes filled with surprises.

"Davie?"

"Prince Davy?"

Surprising voices were heard everywhere.

You've been lying dead for almost four days. Everyone seems to think you've gone too far with this.

'......'

Ha, it's not funny, they're now mistaken that you've driven away danger without taking care of your body.

It's an unintended misunderstanding, but...

That kind of misunderstanding.

Very good.

"I'm late."

"Oh... no! Are you all right?"

"I can't afford to take care of myself. I still have important work to do."

Some looked surprised at what I said.

It would be embarrassing if someone who thought he was selfish showed unexpected responsibility and commitment.

"What needs to be cleaned up should be cleaned up. It's what I can do, and if it's what I have to do, I deserve it. If you decide to take responsibility, do it until the end."

"Ha......but you haven't recovered yet......"

"I know my body well."

I say it here as if I were stubborn.

I'm not all right, but I can hold on.

You will know the meaning of it.

When he said something he didn't mean, he looked surprised everywhere.

In reality, I'm so lively that I'm flying around.

Can't you pretend you're sick?

"Oh, my God... ..Prince Davy... ..you don't have to go that far! The new recruits are purifying in the long run. A few years at the most..."

"In the meantime, if anyone exposed to the faintest fraud from the place gets sick. I'm saying I'm going to stop my innocent life from flying away."

"Prince Davy, you must take care of yourself! Although you are not a member of the Holy Land, you are the only one who received the scar."

"That's why I'm coming forward. He who is loved by God cannot be lazy."

Love? Funny sound.

Laziness? That's my favorite.

Prince Salivan mumbles as if he didn't know he would go this far.

On the one hand, as if impressed, the candidate Lina covered her mouth with one hand and opened her eyes wide, and people from other countries were surprised if they didn't know I would express such a position.

I don't expect it to be very effective.

To them, I seemed to be a saint who devoted himself to humanity without even checking my physical condition.

On the other hand.

"......"

Two people who know me very well.

Illina and Julis exchanged glances and sighed briefly.

"We're going to clean up the forest right away. Don't worry. Don't worry. If I step forward a little longer, everyone can be safe."

The response is very enthusiastic when I properly cut my mouth and gave up a bloody cough.

The reason I took this excessive overaction was not because of the people in front of me.

The main target is the knights, soldiers, or maidens from all over the world who look surprised and moved by my dedication.

Rumours are a word.

It spreads quickly and easily.

It is also a good way to exaggerate.

Just in time, this is the place where human figures from many countries gather.

A horse with no feet can go a thousand miles.

"Prince Davy! You haven't recovered yet after working too hard! You didn't want any financial or direct compensation in the first place, and you didn't have to do this."

"It's what I can and should do. If you leave it like this, many people will suffer. Human life is more important than reward, Prince Salivan."

When he spoke with a tired face, some even looked moved.

Among them, the most impressive looking idiot was none other than Prince Salivan.

Oh, you're so naive.

It's not their fault that your facial expression is too realistic.

It's his fault to be deceived.

* * *

Four... four... four...

the western part of the Palan Empire

Inyoung, wearing robes to a small desert area, was slowly walking.

"Mr. Jurgen, is this really a good thing?"

"Don't doubt what Sinmok's mother said that if you doubt it, it will be distorted from the ground up."

"But..."

E.L.F. is also a life. It's a corporation that can't live in luxury forever. Besides, if you can't avoid the fight with the man named Davy. Rather, we have to find the direction that will benefit the elf as much as possible."

"The Palan Empire is also the biggest country in the human world. Will they help us catch Prince Davy?"

"I must negotiate... ...for man is faithful to his greed, and if the Empire makes an irresistible offer, he will assist us."

"Well... if it's the Empire's position, it's more likely that the E.L.F.'s offer is more attractive than the prince of a small country you don't even know."

They didn't know.

In preparation for this situation, what kind of politics the prince of the small country is doing now.

The conversation between a calm elf man and a young elf girl completely disappeared after being buried in a dreary sandstorm.