200 # 200

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the twenty-fourth installment of eight volumes.

73. The difference in the number of hidden persons.

I had to admit that I had underestimated his ability a little.

No, to be exact, it was so unexpected that I didn't feel a little embarrassed.

The giants Richie and Claire Orpan, who confronted me, used a pile to replace themselves to turn my eyes to another place for a moment, and took advantage of the gap to penetrate this place.

As a result, when I came to notice him, the saint candidate Alice had already disappeared, and the scene of Claire Orphan was almost scattered.

If it's not completely gone, we can stop it.

"Where are you crawling in here?"

a hoo-woong

The light wind reverberates.

At the same time, Cheongdan's sharp sword tip, which emits blue black, penetrated for his spine.

"It's too late. It's inevitable..."

The iron-splitting voice resonates briefly.

Obviously, it is normal to use a special method to prevent the movement of space that is almost started.

but

"Oh, my God!"

As if he didn't know anything about it, Cheng Dan pulled him out of the other side of the space and split his spine in half with a robe.

"Huh?! Uh... how?"

His eyes were shaking constantly as he fell on the floor and struggled to see if he had been in terrible pain.

The undead basically doesn't feel pain.

That's how much pain he/she would have if his/her spine was cut off.

However, he gave a painful shriek without a trace of lies.

The reason why the unconscious man screamed and suffered was simple.

It was because the sword used to cut him was none other than blue.

Ritchie has a characteristic of a horse with a half body as the commander's mana.

And what I broke when I cut him down with a clean slate is the external heart called the source of his life.

In other words, it was a connection with Life Bessle.

It is impossible to break the life bezel directly, but it is possible to break the link.

"Eargh!!"

When he took the Cheongdan, which had neatly cut off his body, and spread the distance appropriately, his body began to move slowly as if it were trying to cling to itself.

However, his body, which had been sucked into most of its life, had already reached an impossible level to recover.

"For God's sake."

After vomiting a short period of nausea, he glared at me with a red lining.

"The sword. It's not an ordinary sword, it's just been disconnected from Life Bessle."

"Then you should die quickly. Why are you alive?"

I ask you a question, but I already knew the reason.

"Khhhhhhhhh"

"Did you boil some wild ginseng? The mana volume has increased considerably."

What returned to my question was a mine instead of an answer.

"Khhhhhhhhhhhhh. You will never regret not killing me then. Fear, mortal! Soon the immortal will come!"

"That's my judgment."

What's his pernicious answer?

There is no such thing as immortality in the world.

Even the Lord Priya, called the will of God, has been replaced by hundreds of millions of years.

Unlike when he first encountered him, the amount of mana he feels now has increased by at least 30 percent.

It's like a small amount?

It was never a small amount, considering that his level was as high as I am today.

It's just that the other guy was bad.

The fact that he is already close enough to catastrophe on a continent-wide basis has not changed.

"We took all eight of the fortresses and I recovered all the life beads that contained my strength that had been sealed there. I was tricked by such a bizarre sword, but don't think it'll be the same next time we meet."

You know what? Cheung-dan's done!

Although Cheng Dan-yi's sharp dissatisfaction resonated, Cheng Dan-yi's voice was not heard by others.

"I know many more commanding and cursing magic than you think. Struggle. Desperate, I will show you the true power of the immortals."

When I saw him bragging, I just gave him a simple look.

"Yes, yes. I'll show you something else next time, so look forward to it."

No matter how excellent Richie is, there is a limit to the amount of Life Vessel.

If you don't just kill them, but disconnect them one by one every time they die, one day even the one who is close to death will die.

A high-ranking vampire keeps the immortal nucleus in his body and makes a continuous resurrection.

On the contrary, Richie's existence is often kept outside the body in each container, which is the source of his life.

That was the Life Force Vessel.

Usually, rich people tend to use their own hearts as a lifeblood, but there was no reason for them to be.

"By the way, I didn't expect to be so corrupt without hesitation."

I mumbled to him that I had cut him off.

"She will be the biggest medium for my master's resurrection."

"You're going to use a saint candidate as a medium?"

"When the light is strong, the darkness becomes dark. A self-devastated saint is a very rare creature. I saw it. The emptiness, anger, and frustration in her head."

You're only looking at useless things.

The anger he had just vented away seemed to have gone nowhere, so he relaxed.

Most of the body crumbled to dust, but there was no urgency at all.

You can resurrect the darkest being because you were the brightest.

It's hilarious.

The fact that the stronger the light, the greater the shadow, was a law.

"I'll give you a gift. Perhaps it will be an unbearable ordeal for a mortal like you."

"I refuse."

Argh!

Despite his firm refusal, he did not stop and moved his remaining hand to bounce the finger snap.

Then a large amount of power began to vibrate and the bone powder, which had been maintaining its body, was completely scattered.

Perhaps from another source of life, the nearby bones will be brought together again to revive them.

The only sign of his presence was the dust that could not be felt around him.

It's not like I don't know where he is in the first place, nor does it affect him to use a knife here right now, so it's like I hit him.

My irritation began to pour in.

"Let's have a dog fight with me."

If what you got from your master or your trumpeter is a hidden move.

I will crush you with all my skill once and for all.

It was called Chiljong Chilgeum.

It's not letting go, it's killing.

Let's see who's hiding more.

* * *

Lady candidate Alice's defection was virtually uninterested.

It didn't matter what she had suffered since childhood to become a real saint, not a saint candidate, and what she had in mind for me.

What's important to me is the fact that she started to degenerate slowly because she couldn't stand the trials of God.

The only fact is that he was deceived by Rich Clair Orphan and betrayed.

If something big happens because of her.

"Don't worry too much. It doesn't change what's going to happen, so if Alice remains a human being, at least according to her rules as a human being."

If, when I met her again, she became something beyond the human category.

Or if you've undergone a corresponding change.

We have to deal with it as a monster, not a human.

After collecting the sword, I left the place without regret and headed quickly to the place where the sound of the binge was heard.

Argh! My arm! My arm is frozen!!"

"Oh, my God! Connect a thick rope to the ballista! Pull him down!

a desperate cry and a painful groan

The harsh screams from all sides stung my ears.

On the side of the gate, which quickly turned into chaos, there were several soldiers who collapsed from deep injuries and died immediately.

Tsk ch ﬁ ﬁ... ﬁ ....

It was not long before something in the giant began to roar, with a shadow large enough to cover the light of the sky.

Arghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

"Your voice is so loud."

A man without a vocal cords roars well.

What I saw was a huge 30-meter-long undead.

Although it was a bony with little flesh left, it was basically a large-sized bony that could be Wiburn's wanted, called the Prince of the Sky.

And unlike the Wyverns, which had no arms, he had arms like a dragon in a fairy tale, and at the end of his forefoot he had claws that would break everything.

There was no flesh attached, but the skeleton alone showed its characteristics enough to find out what kind of guy he was.

"Worm Wyvern..."

It is the largest predator in the family, from at least four to ten times the size of a regular Wyverns.

If Wi-Burn is called the Prince of the Sky, this is a very small number of objects called literally the King of the Sky.

In fact, he looks very rare on the continent, and he is basically called a subspecies of the dragon, and he was also a powerful object enough to shoot out Bresse recklessly.

In a single view, the power was too strong to categorize him as simply a Wyverns fruit.

Fortunately, the secondary damage was not so great because it was a cold-air Bresse, not a flame-breathing Bresse.

It's been a long time since I've seen you actually become undead. She was such a rare person that she could only see once in her life.

He is a predator powerful enough to be known to have no one to deal with.

His bones are no match for Dragon Vaughn, but they were harder than any other metal, and the power of his massive build was different from that of the average Wyverns.

However, people around him seemed to have mistaken him for a dragon, not a worm-wiburn, which is a very rare object.

Of course, that's the size of a dragon, and that's the image of a dragon only in a fairy tale.

"D... Dragon..."

"I can't believe it... ...and hundreds of people at once in the cold-blooded Bress..."

The people, who became ice statues for a moment, froze as they were running as if they had quickly become freezing.

Dragon is the basic size that starts from at least 100 meters.

They will not know the fact.

I immediately entered the command tent, which was distracted by his appearance.

There was Prince Salivan looking at a man floating in the sky with a complex look.

"What's the situation?"

"Oh... Prince Davy. You've come."

"It looks like it's going around in a lot of a way."

"DRAGON... ..DRAGON has appeared! The undead dragon! I knew he was out of line to the point of damnation, but what the hell..."

He vented his anger without hiding his mixed feelings.

"I've never seen a monster like that. Hundreds of people are frozen at a time by the many times the size of Wyvern, and right now the Duke of Catherine, Allah, and my brother, Ilyna, are drawing Bresse out of the fort...."

I don't think that's going to last long either.

He was a Salivan prince who said so.

Clearly, Warm Wyverns have a different history from regular Wyverns.

I'm not calling it part of the Demi Dragon species for nothing.

"Dragons... ..do they look like dragons?"

"What if it's not a dragon, and it's a hard bone that doesn't work with a sword, and it's a terrible Bres, and that overwhelming power and size?"

I shut my mouth to his question.

There seemed to be no reason to correct it.

Just in time, the fast-moving Grand Duke Katherine hit the wall, jumped into the air, and kicked him on the back.

It was an attack with tremendous strength, but he was not able to easily feed a good hit because he lacked experience in the fight with a huge flying body.

"Prince David. Can you save the frozen ones?"

This means that we can save the frozen people, not kill them.

Come to think of it, Prince Salivan was like that from the beginning.

He's been acting like he's trying to save as much as he can.

"I can save it, but when his brain comes back, the sacrifice gets bigger. Let's deal with him first."

"But it's hard unless he comes down to the ground. Most dangerous magic and capture have been avoided by flying high."

The pattern is fierce and powerful.

It was often said that he was like Reid's boss.

Whoo!

It was then.

Katherine, who was indiscriminately attacking him on his back, lost her balance and crashed.

"No!"

The sight scared the prince Salivan.

His indignant, sharp, hard teeth flew in as if he was trying to put a finishing touch on her unable to keep herself in the air.

"Prince Salivan."

"What?"

"Jin, get ready. I think I'm going to have to leave this place and rob his base......"

"What's that... ..."

"And let's just drop him."

My words opened his eyes wide.

By actions rather than words.

I slipped out of the tent with a wide opening next to me and quickly bounced and penetrated among the soldiers who were afraid, firing at the ugly arrows.

Coooooooong!

At the same time, a loud whistle began to ring at every step of my foot.

Coo-oong!

Noah, I accept your request.]

[Submit the contractor's request]]

"We will march from now on. I'll take the lead and destroy whatever happens, so bury the chicken that's left of the bone first."

I'm shocked by the dragon-looking Wyverns.

If so, this side will give up a giant earth.