201 # 201

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 25 of the Eight Books

The soldiers, who took a breather as the undead retreated to a lull, could not take their eyes off the scene of the devastating battle.

The comrades, who had been fighting for their lives, vomited blood and shouted for help, but eventually became the same undead and bit his neck.

If it were just a battle of arms, and if it were not a defense posture and a new weapon prepared by the Palan Empire.

In the end, they might have been limping the same way and venting fierce anger at the living.

In the end, what was seen by those who survived the disastrous sacrifice was fierce anger and resentment toward the monstrous existence that made this situation.

I was well aware of the rumor that he had been pushed away because he had collided with Prince Davy.

At first, the soldiers tried to do the same.

Would a single person change the war?

But there was a rumor.

It was a story that Prince Davy, who appeared suddenly just before the preface was opened, burned them all by himself.

To be honest, it was a wild story.

Therefore, most people thought it would have been exaggerated.

Their idea was a huge thing that suddenly began to attack the fort.

The existence of a giant bone dragon emitting ultra-low-temperature, cold-air-breathing breezes in its mouth forced it to be completely overturned.

* * *

He is a monster who is hard to handle as one.

Even Swordmaster's sword freezes everything just by touching the bones that cannot be cut easily.

It was judged that it was difficult to deal with it alone, so no one showed any courage.

Despite the lack of dialogue, Katherine Caravella, the Queen of the Lindis Empire, and Illina de Palan, the head of the White Bird. Then began the annexation of the Duke of Allah, the head of the concubine unit of the Contas Empire.

Unexpectedly, the main pillars of the Three Kingdoms gathered strength.

It was not necessarily their position, but their actions to minimize the damage.

They attracted his attention rather than dispose of him, making the attack route outward of the fort.

Thanks to this, the damage was not significant except for the surprise Bresse that was first put down.

Of course, some parts of the wall collapsed as the big body raced, but the casualties were not significant so far, except for the first hundreds.

The soldiers hoped that the three men would draw his attention and then cut his breath.

Once again, it was because I wasn't confident to see the cold Bress fly toward them.

If it was a good thing, it was a good thing.

The Grand Duke of Catherine, who is smoldering with burning hair and tail, was certainly surprisingly strong.

It was brilliant and powerful enough to wonder if a creature could be so strong. It was overwhelming.

Although she might be frightened by the sudden appearance of the dragon, she continued to attack without stopping.

Then the Duke of Allah, the head of the Iliana and Contas Empire's corps, stepped up to assist her.

In the eyes of those who did not know anything, it was clear that the three would be able to beat the giant cold Golryong.

But it was a complacent idea.

As soon as the one who was just playing around was about to drop a huge roar, he dug into the gap and hit Catherine the Great with his tailed the tail.

Unable to respond to the sudden attack, Katherine was exposed to additional attacks and seemed to be beaten.

The moment when everyone couldn't shut their mouths and opened their eyes.

"Al," a soldier guarding the wall, suddenly caught his shoulder and could feel his hand pulling back.

"Stay away."

Then came a faint voice.

"Noas, I'm paying for your request."

a short murmur

The end result was not light.

He snatched the tail, wings, and body of the giant earth, which was running frantically with the arms of the huge earth stretching tens of meters in diameter from the ground, and threw them into the ground.

And

"Oh, my God..."

"What is that..."

It was as natural as if something was popping out of the water.

of a size similar to a giant saloon

No, to be exact, a giant of dirt bigger than that appeared.

Rest in peace, my dear, rejected beauty.]

With a magnificent, heavy voice, the earth's giant's fist came down toward the Golryong.

Reflectively, the Goryong shot a cold-air Bresse at the Earth's giant...

As soon as the red-hot earth giant reached the cold-air Bresse, the fist of the earth gave off an enormous amount of vapor and crushed his head.

He was able to withstand Swordmaster's attack.

He struggled desperately to see if he had died at once, but the arm of the huge earth that was arresting him gradually pulled him into the ground and arrested him more strongly.

Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!

Boom!

A series of heavy fists are thrown down.

The earth's giant, who had smashed the bone several times with his fist flowing with red lava, soon lost his strength and entered the ground with a drooping bone and swallowed it.

"Get ready for battle. He will be sent to court immediately."

Soon after, Al, a soldier who stared blankly at the earth's giant, opened his eyes to the boy's voice that came up next to him.

He was still a young boy.

His sharp eyes made it difficult to deal with him, but most surprising of all.

It was that the earth giant that just appeared was what the boy called for.

If you saw it for yourself, you couldn't really tell.

I just thought it would have been so.

"Ah!"

While staring blankly at the back of the boy, Al suddenly realized that the boy's face was an impression he had seen before.

And

With his eyes wide open, he could recall the identity of the boy.

It was a simple cold, but he was a saint who saved him, who was dying of a terrible degeneration.

A prince who spoke coldly but was careful of the treatment itself.

Davy O'Loon.

He was known as a saint after receiving the scar.

She did not participate in the battle because of the sex candidate Alice, but now she has started to step up.

And

He appeared single-handed and prevented the wall of the preface from being breached.

I just thought the rumor was exaggerated.

But that wasn't it.

Three strong men, including one of the continent's most powerful fighters, including Grand Catherine, rushed in and failed to launch a major attack, leaving the monster in only a few minutes and disappearing into the ground.

And the boy who caused it just moved calmly as if he was used to it.

"What did I see..."

The idea must not have been the only one.

* * *

"The number is too low. I didn't expect it to be this weak compared to the first time.

"They've dug a grave."

As I entered the commanding barracks with a leisurely pace, I could see many eyes stuck on me.

Did you all enjoy your lunch? I'm having dinner in hell."

It was a joke, but no one responded.

Can I ask you a question?"

And in the heavy silence, a man carefully raised his hand.

"Speak."

"The land giant that just crushed the great undead dragon... ...has Prince Davy summoned you?"

"It's the Spirit of Earth. Isn't it awesome?

I was shocked by my playful words.

"The Spirit... ..the whole world..."

"Weren't we using the Holy Spirit to get the Holy Sepulcher?"

As the murmur grew louder, Prince Salivan tried to silence the crowd with an uncomfortable cough.

But I didn't know the murmur would die down if the bomb I threw calmly was bigger than I thought.

to sum up the contents roughly

That's absurd.

If it's really true, it's scary.

Or is it really human?

Whatever it was, he seemed to be unable to believe it easily even by looking at it with his eyes.

"The Spirit... ..."

"That's it. I saw it on the way here. More than half of the soldiers were gone."

Salivan evaded my gaze when I blurted the end of the sentence.

"I'm ashamed, but I am. The enemy was stronger than I thought."

"Didn't you have any compliment?"

"That's it!"

He flinched at my question.

"I told you from the beginning. You're going to make a mess of your opponent. But I think he's moving as if he's only listening to me with his back of his ear."

"Uh... can't be helped, where are the ordinary people here? Please understand me with a generous heart."

I tried to smooth things over with a gracious smile, but I had to make one thing clear.

"If you don't get the hang of it, trust me."

"Prince Davy!"

"I'll give you enough information for what you know."

"......"

I heard some of the men who tried to shout because they couldn't hide their displeasure at my words, but I ignored all the more.

"Then I don't have much time, so I'll give you a brief briefing first."

"Briefing?"

"Description of the situation."

Briefly dismissing it, I nodded to a map across one wall.

"He's a commander with at least eight circles. Did you know this?"

There was a murmur again around my question.

"You didn't know. Eight circles are not common anywhere."

"That's what I have to. The best wizard on the continent is still 7 circles. Who would have thought it was eight circles?"

"The enemy doesn't fit in with the situation. Mr. Yulis."

He smiled bitterly at my words.

"But you don't have to mention it in this situation... ...and you don't have to say it..."

"I just want you to keep that in mind. Let's move on. From now on, it's related to what we have to do."

I pointed to the eight fortresses that had already been occupied.

"Necromancer Rich has taken eight of these fortresses by storm. Do you know why?"

"Playing war..."

"You're wrong. If you were going to continue playing war, you wouldn't have pushed it this hard. He'd be looking at the liver and torturing them with hope."

The man who had difficulty opening his mouth to my words bowed his head.

"As a result, he lost his composure for some reason. That's why we took eight fortresses too hard."

What makes you think..."

"Life Bessle. It's life and power for Richie. Prince Salivan, you must know something."

He avoided my gaze at my smile and nodded quietly.

"Whoa... That's right. Each of the eight acids had cannabis that protected the acid. Don't tell me it's Life Bessle."

"A normal life bezel would think of a heart made up of meat fragments, so it's not wrong."

"Well, why are you saying that?"

a public occasion

Illina asked me with a mixture of respect.

"So if we're going to end this gruesome struggle, we're going to have to kill him seven more times."

"Kill him? And number seven?"

I nodded to those who looked suspicious.

"Yes, exactly seven times. We don't have much time."

"Why number seven? Like I said, he's got eight life beads."

"That's number seven."

I spoke calmly and bounced a acid model.

"I just lost it once in my hands."

"Huh?"

My words struck a startling glance.

"How's your game going?"

"We've got plenty of supplies... ...but it's not a fraud. Prince Davy's presence makes me feel better."

"Give me everything. I'll go to court without going through as soon as I boost my morale."

I'm good at making fun of your tongue.

Do you think logic is needed to raise the morale of soldiers in a war? All it takes to boost morale is empathy and mob psychology.

I murmured into the air as I left the tent.

"Jack, go get some people you can trust to be a playboy."

The work below is basic.

* * *

Why do the generals gather the soldiers and make speeches before going to war?

The biggest and fastest thing that affects soldiers is none other than fraud.

And I was a case where I used the fraud properly.

Buff magic, which was created by divine power in the first place, doubles its power as the recipient's will is stronger and the stronger his/her faith is.

That's why I've been gathering soldiers and rambling before using buff magic.

In addition, this time the number is so large that it is incomparable.

For all of us who are at least at the forefront, if the buff wants to go back nonstop, we have to increase efficiency as much as we can.

When I looked down at about 50,000 soldiers lining up outside the castle wall, I slowly took a step.

It was 100,000 at first. The number of people who can fight has decreased, from 40,000 to 50,000. Yeah, well, you get it, you're afraid?"

It's a calm voice, but my voice has definitely been passed on to everyone.

"I'll tell you the truth. He's an eight-circle disaster-class monster. In addition, there is a high possibility that he has several more Boryongs that attacked the fort a while ago."

"......"

I added another word in the still atmosphere.

Like it or not, I would rather use it as a backfire if it were a story that would undermine morale.

Instead of anger and despondency.

in conjunction with one's previous intentions

"Just a moment ago, Richie, the target we need to punish, has infiltrated the city with the bait of the undead Frost Warm Weiburn."

A voice of surprise reverberates from all sides.

As many as 50,000 soldiers are in turmoil, there is no market floor.

"Everyone shut up."

My cold, resonant voice chilled the crowd as if it were pouring cold water on it.

"I'm not the head of the coalition, I'm not an advisor, so I'm not in a position to give a speech to you like this."

"......"

"However, let me be clear about this one thing. Alice, the sex candidate who led you to fight against the enemy, noticed the man who had penetrated the fortress, attacked him, and was defeated."

I continued in the cold silence.

"And he kidnapped me."

In order to protect themselves, the sex candidate fought for their lives, lost, and was kidnapped in return.

This is a familiar scenario.

It is true that her public opinion is not good.

In other words, it was an element that could be used as much as possible.

If she comes back alive, public opinion will improve on her?

a funny sound

At the end of this war, a saintly candidate named Alice will already be dead.

Would it be difficult for a dead man to be promoted to the first rank and put on a flower crown?

"Are you going to let this go? There's a way to win."

I'll use it to boost your morale.

I don't know what he's trying to revive, but you have to save as much power as you can just in case some of it will be revived.

I asked questions leisurely as if I were doing business.

"Those who are afraid, pack up and go back. I won't stop you. Only those who will fight will remain. Who am I in front of your eyes?"

"You're a saint!"

"I'm a saint!"

I hear some cries.

Well, yes.

As expected, I thought it was a good thing that I planted a playboy.

As one person began to scream, others began to jump on to the atmosphere.

I slowly opened my mouth, lightly blocking the roar of the cry.

"Yes, at least I'll let you experience a war different from before. Those who are ready for life can stay."

It's going to be impossible for everyone to survive. If you're going to die, fight and die.

With the words, I took out the cross-shaped longinus and raised it high.

At the same time, large amounts of light powder, which began to spread to the end of the cross, quickly permeated the soldiers who would be in the lead.