206 # 206

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the ninth and fifth installments

Boom!

There is a gruesome sound of breaking up.

The small bare feet broke not only the soggy skin but also the solid skull.

The broken skull became a sharp day and stabbed the foot, but somehow there was not a single scratch left on the soft-looking white foot.

Although they are said to be the undeads who resisted desperately, the little girl who smashed them in an instant was too strong for the simple undead to handle.

"Lünne, positioning is complete. Hand over the order to his successor."

[Mega Tron, Accept Command.]

At the same time as a short mechanical sound, a huge golem standing behind her pushed one hand into her body.

Then he took out something small and put it in the ground that Lünne pointed at.

"Lune, ask your successors to report the situation."

[Sniper, Mission Success Report]

[Juggernaut, Tanker Mission Successful]

[Shadow, mission accomplished by Khehehehehehehehehe.]

Sniper, a golem for long-range shelling.

A tanker with a defensive golem and a gauze nut with a saturation golem.

Lastly, it was a repository of puma, a mobile golem that is mainly driven by covert strategies.

They were just as powerful as Sword Expert when they were produced, but they were now more powerful than the Expert.

"Too much frivolity, too heavy... ...Lünne's very low opinion. with prompt consideration of the amendment"

The answer, which seemed to be made by squeezing voices, was also not satisfactory.

In fact, it was added according to Lünne's strong opinion reflection, but I only thought it was counterproductive to listen to it.

However, it made me feel comfortable that one of the operational capabilities of Golem's subordinates was certain.

Lünne opened her poor chest proudly and nodded satisfactorily.

"Completing the integrated mission. To the future of the holy water, order the perfect defense."

[Command Acceptance.]

Command Acceptance Completed.]

As the five Decepticon squadrons of commanders posted reports, Lünne looked inside the dark forest without a word.

"Confirming large amounts of energy flow."

With a subtly discontented expression, Lünne's mouth was pouting.

"Lunne, you have a very good combat capability. underestimate David's credibility with Lünne."

Then she jumped on Megatron's shoulder with a light jump.

"Mega Tron, ask for an opinion on Davy's credibility."

[Unclear, requesting detailed instructions]]

In response to Megatron's answer, Lünne looked at it as if it were so.

Unlike her, Ma Jung-seok Golem in the Decepticon squadron seems to have excellent artificial intelligence at first glance, but the concept of thinking on their own is very narrow.

Most behavioral patterns are based on newly added information, and so is the answer.

Megatron is better than the Golem squadrons of Namin Neki, but that's not why Megatron is as capable of thinking as Lünne.

"......"

Sensing her approaching movement in the calm forest, she quietly opened her mouth, shining a dagger drawn from her hand and from her back.

"Mega-tron, ready for battle."

[Command argument. Power up the electrical saw.]

"Destructive behavior, which is highly appreciated by Lünne. Order not to touch any of the properties."

[Choosing the top priority target.]

With a short answer, countless undeads began to flock to the area where Megatron and Lünne were.

* * *

Boom! Boom!

Intangible, colorless and odorless piles that have flown several times penetrate my body.

As I felt at first, this non-existent pile of physical strength had already stuck in my body.

I didn't feel any pain.

I couldn't see anything stuck in my body.

But from a normal point of view, if you activate the command, and if you open a very careful mana curtain...

Davey?

"......"

I started to see three or four piles stuck all over my body.

"Kkhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! The power of the Lord has already permeated your body! It's no use if you have excellent scarring! The power of the Lord at the end of the eight-circle is beyond your control!"

"[Implementation] ...."

From the 8th circle, it is divided into stages of recognition and assimilation, not the introductory exposure, master.

What I meant was that the colorless, odorless, intangible stake embedded in my body is the power of existence in the stage of implementation.

"Oh, my lord, I never thought I'd see your power again. Now I can die... ..kkkkkkkkk?!

Like a fanatic, the shouting man with only his head left head.

At the same time, his skull, with only his head left, began to slowly rise along Alice's fingertips.

"Lord... my lord. I have no regrets about the loss of my life in your hands."

"Oh... ...my faithful servant, Claire. Don't forget your dedication."

With the words, Claire Orphan's head twitched greatly.

"Everything is for my master..."

The last words were neither resignation nor despair to his death.

It was an absolute jubilation of the fact that his owner was resurrected again.

Claire Orphan, who was completely crushed and disappeared, died.

His life can't be lost unless his life is destroyed. The man, who was already holding on to the remnants of his body, was completely destroyed by a simple attack.

The eight-circle death of the commander was quite futile.

"Well... my palace is in bad shape."

I'm sure it's Alice, the sex candidate.

The voice that came out of her mouth was that of an old man.

"And besides... ...there's a servant of the Dirty God.

Speaking calmly, he waved one hand.

That's the play!

At the same time, the ground was twisted for a moment and something began to pop out of it.

"Let the world know, the absolute monarch, who cannot dare look up to, has come back."

At his words, the floor split and the specter moved from place to place and disappeared for a moment.

"Yes, did you come here to prevent my resurrection, you ugly servant of God."

She, who was asking questions with a lot of weight on her shoulders, or at the sight of him, I touched the stake that was stuck in my body.

"I don't care if you don't live again. Thanks to your fuss here, the food situation on my land is not as good as it should be."

"Ha......you dared to stand in front of me for some reason."

Mumbling with excitement, he took a step.

"Well, that's good. I'm in a good mood now, so I won't take my life right now. Thank you for my mercy and get out of my sight."

As he waved his hand toward the completely semi-destroyed community, the shattered walls and floors began to gather as if they had self-interest for a moment.

It's a powerful force.

It was definitely different from Claire Orphan, who was in the cognitive stage, which is the entry stage of eight circles, when she saw the implementation stage, the top level of eight circles, in front of her.

It's more substantial than Claire Orphan, who has the grand name Death Road just because she's in the 8th circle.

After all, I think they're the same guys.

I suddenly became curious.

"Do you call it Death Road?"

"Deathrod? Ha! I am God itself from the moment I have been able to see the flow of the world for a long time."

At his cry, Persec looked pathetic.

I felt a faintness of mind.

"This is more serious."

Isn't it ridiculous that people who have not reached the threshold of the Grand Master are calling Death Road?

The power I recovered is eight circles, but I haven't found half of the power in the corridor.

Whoo!

At the same time as my provocation, an intangible energy seized my body and began to lift it into the air.

He shook his fingertips lightly, but he was restraining movement from one finger to the tip of his toes as if he could easily subdue at least one person and recall it to the air.

"Be careful with your mouth. A vile servant of God. A word can save countless lives, so it's disappointing to see that you have such a bad eye that you can't even recognize the absolute person here."

Then he took a step forward.

"Daphne, a saint who had blocked my way in the past, was a servant of God, who was dead in my hands.

"What?"

His words removed the smile from my face.

* * *

"Who did you kill?"

He snorted at the calm question.

"Is the name forgotten over time? She's a saint. That's the name of the servant of God I killed."

"No, that doesn't matter. You killed Daphne's husband?"

He was silent to my question.

However, his dark vision flashed at my subsequent words.

"With your skills?"

Whoo!

At the same time, the intangible power that was thinking of me in the air pushed me relentlessly into the wall.

Boom! Boom!

He doesn't stop there, restrains himself, goes back and forth between the ceiling and the floor and hits me recklessly.

It was an attack of intense anger.

"Be careful with your mouth. a servant of God"

"......"

"Don't forget that being like you can kill by just flicking your fingers."

With the horse, he reached out with a slender hand.

"Okay, if you want to die, there's nothing you can't do. However, you will not die beautifully. You will wander in terrible pain for many years, and when your mind is completely destroyed, you will extinguish your soul."

"So, what do you want to do with all this hard work?"

I asked, drooping.

"The destruction of ugly human beings. This land has long been filled with ugly human beings. It's time to see the end. Most of my servants have fallen asleep in the basement of this ruins."

His words forced me to twist the intangible energy that was constraining me.

"It's really boring and boring."

Still, I thought he might have some interesting facts because he's like a dolmen-class artifact.

"You don't even have Life Bessle, let's just die here."

His dark vision flashed at my words.

Alice, the sex candidate who holds her soul, will be caught up, but it was safe to say that her life was over when she had already turned against God.

"I am a true immortality, mortal. Do you think you can kill me just because you don't have a life belt?"

"He's immortal."

"Those who can't distinguish between heaven and earth need punishment."

I pronounce you dead.]

It was a mere manifesto.

A group of manas, who were moving in confusion and blocking the use of magic, suddenly began to seep into my body following his orders.

And a colorless, odorless, intangible stake, which had been embedded in my body, vibrated and began to inscribe a terrible curse into my body.

"The curse of death. I can't thank you enough to see this curse in person."

At his words I watched the flow of curses that slowly drew my soul.

Obviously, if you're beaten defensively, you're bound to die.

Sadly, he didn't know one thing.

"Hmm?"

"Amazing?"

The curse of death must have been in your body.

Why doesn't it work?

I stood so normal that his feet took a step back when I approached him.

"First of all, it's not fun to hide too much, so I'll tell you two things."

After I snatched his hand, I put his hand on my chest where the stake was not lodged.

"You can see it now, right?"

"......"

Silence was young in his mouth.

"Who are you dealing with? Who else is in front of you."

"This is... what..."

I opened my mouth again, facing his shamelessly murmuring inner light.

"The reason your curse doesn't work is simple."

Due to the nature of the curse, if the curse of the upper ground is at stake, the curse of the lower part is offset by permeating the upper curse.

So

"Well, that can't be... ...how can this power be asleep in your body unless it's God?""

"I already have a curse on me that the Black Wizard, who was beyond your imagination, has never imagined."

[Refuse Flow]

It is a curse that allowed me to see and escape the flow of fate.

It looks good on the outside, but it's not a curse for nothing.

The price is to be a stranger unprotected by God.

It is the price to be completely deprived of the ring of reincarnation in which the soul is circulated, and this is the case.

When I die because I have not made enough achievements to go to the corridor, my soul will be torn to pieces and perished, or I will wander around the old stream for a time close to eternity.

There's such a curse on the line, and I wonder if simple curses work on me.

Thanks to him, it`s quite a curse. You punk."

My index finger and middle finger stabbed him hard in the forehead before the embarrassed man could move.

Then he held on to the jewel on his resisting forehead strongly and smiled.

"Let's see how long it lasts."

"Now...wait?! "...stop! I said stop!"

"Oh, I don't know!"

It only adds to your confusion when you step outside. If it doesn't help you in your future war with the world, then die here quietly.

In accordance with your wishes, if you want to save your broken lamb. This time, you can interfere. Show your will according to the will of the contractor and trader.]

[9th-degree Eucharist]

[Strong Shin]

[God's index finger]

[Lord of the Great Flame]

Once again, God's index finger presses his whole body like a modern figure.

However, unlike before, there was a flash of light that extracted the power and synergies of the character installed through Lünne, mixed with the interference of God's will, and fell around.