207 # 207

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the ninth and sixth installments

Rich Claire Orpan was too talkative.

I have no choice but to be prepared because I can't believe that I've never been more than a fool.

The appreciation that I actually saw was more depressing than I expected.

Argh!!

The bright light around him pushed his power back to make him dizzy.

the last salvation of a wandering lamb

Do not force, but have a source of grace.

The man who served God puts a curse on himself in his body and rejects the flow that is the foundation of the world.

Because of this situation, I was well aware that I could not be loved even if I received attention.

Therefore, I would have thought that God had sent me the scar not to make me a saint, but to protect those who will be loved by God from the back.

Is this... is this how God treats his loved ones?

'You're bothering me.'

My expression hardened at the words in the suddenly printed status window.

"......"

Davey?

As the jewel on her head disappeared and her body began to return to the original sex candidate, Alice, my impression was grimaced.

I will turn my back on God. I shouted it out.

The shrapnel of God's will I called in forgave her.

I had her in my arms.

Of course, no proper power could come out.

Originally, it would have been a torch that burned her body to the ground.

"What is this? Is this how it's gonna turn out?"

I muttered as if I were grumbling, but I couldn't hear the answer.

"Huhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...

Alice, lying on the floor, struggling and moaning, was definitely alive.

There was no sign of Dayan, the self-proclaimed commander, who was resurrected using her body as a host.

Disappear?

It's not even funny.

He has reached the end of his eight-circle.

Although I was caught in the trap of a trap, it was like that.

He's an immortal, so he can't die so easily.

There are two possibilities.

She hid so tightly that I couldn't find her.

Or run away to another host.

Another host?

"The force is divided. He's not supposed to be so helpless with power."

His power is threatening even if it is not the world'

If it is simply the power of one's own, it is a tricky enemy for me to prepare carefully and block the retreat and kill it.

"The enemy has been resurrected, and we've missed a golden opportunity to deal with that split soul."

You are selfish.

That's why I can't understand. They don't even try to understand.

God doesn't try to understand me either, he not understand me.

There's only a simple deal.

Oh... that's ridiculous.

"In the beginning, God is not human and not human."

What people usually mistake.

It is the fact that the Goddess of Priya is not a human god.

Clearly, there were some maids who served Priya during her lifetime. So? What are you going to do? It seems to her that there is a very low possibility that there will be another host.

Since he is a candidate for a saint or a woman, he has revived some of them, but he should never have opened his eyes again.

Puck!

I grabbed Alice by the collar and pushed her against the wall, and I faced her with a hazy stare.

"God abandoned you first?"

"......"

"By the way, the god has made a deal to save you."

"That's... ..."

At this point, the entire script of the flow began to be seen.

"I'll tell you a funny story."

Speaking calmly, her eyes slowly began to focus.

"A position like a saint or a saint is determined from birth. Not everyone becomes a saint and a saint just because they have a scar."

That's why I'm titled an honorary saint, but to be exact, I'm just a man who is God-tracked and not a true saint.

I wasn't born with God's attention.

On the contrary, the woman in front of her eyes was different.

"Kuluck... what is that?"

"And you and Lina were born blessed to be saints."

He was born with a diamond spoon in his mouth, and he wanted many things.

God gave the test to two candidates.

To see the nature of a man, he should throw himself into a difficult situation or give him power.

There are currently two gender candidates on the continent.

Rina and Alice.

In Lina's case, she took the test by throwing herself into a difficult situation, and in her case, she gave the latter the power.

"What should we do? God saved you, but I don't want to save you."

"Kill me. I have nothing left."

I reached for her face, which was murmuring as if I had let go, and raised the blue flames.

Prometheus, an eight-circle flame wizard.

In the past, the size of the magic was overwhelmingly reduced due to the bizarre manna confusion that spread around this area, but in terms of firepower, running at the top was not flame magic.

The size was different from before.

"Why would you stop him if he said he was dying? I'll let you go as painless as possible."

She closed her eyes at my calm words.

Whooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh!

but

This shit wasn't the end of the story.

As if to cover it up, a group of white lights covered my hand and erased Prometheus, the magic of eight circles.

I was frowned upon by the divine power of the superior, neither used by me nor Alice used.

Don't kill me. Save me. Save me.

No voice was heard, but the will was clearly conveyed.

The divine power gained by gaining the attention of God and trading with God has been a drag here.

Of course, I know I can't be selfish because I've done something with my divine power.

I couldn't understand it.

"That's right. Really."

When I stepped back, my hands were scattered with an annoying voice coming out, she slowly looked up.

"What the... ..why?"

It was her muttering.

"Why are you saving me?"

"Don't ask me that. Because I'm upset."

"So far you have ignored all my prayers! I studied, tried and practiced desperately to live up to your choice! But when you cry so desperately, why do you make me feel more miserable now?"

I wasn't the person she yelled at.

It was a cry for God who didn't answer.

"There's only one difference between you and Lina."

The ability and talent to deal with the Holy Magic?

You got it wrong.

It does not fall under the conditions of a saint.

"Well, what is it, the outstanding appearance of others?"

"......"

"That's wrong, too."

She was silent about what I said.

As a result, in my view, Lina will soon be scarred. On the contrary, you don't know when you'll receive the scar. Find out the answer for yourself. And I think he's under some kind of illusion."

Speaking calmly and holding her by the collar, I waved my hand toward the co-spirited air with a faint light.

"You've never been loved by God since you were born."

Everything was protected. There was a way through all the difficulties.

Unlike the usual twist of a twist, she had a guarantee that she was God behind her.

Outstanding appearance, the power to save countless people, and the divine power to be called noble to all.

Many invisible forces and flows that she might not have known would have helped her.

When she accepted the spirit of the commander, Dayan, and provided her body to become a host, it was because of God's protection that her soul did not die.

"If you want, there's a way to get rid of that stupid love."

Speaking calmly, I grabbed her wrist and raised it, drawing the shape of a particle over her wrist with my finger.

He didn't shine because he didn't take any action, but he seemed to know what form it was.

It's a little bit funny for me with God's holy grail to suggest, but...

I'll do it if you want.

The goddess of Fries.

"How the Goddess of Priya turns completely so that she can't wrap you around."

"That's... ..."

"Then all the affection of God that has been conveyed to you so far will be lost. The protection and flow will disappear from your knowledge."

"What's that got to do with you?! In the end, the protection was lost in front of you!"

"You're funny and you're in love."

Argh!

"Oh, my God!"

I told you not to kill him, but I didn't tell me not to touch him.

I looked at her coldly as I raised my cheek relentlessly.

"Was it my whim that just saved you?" Don't make me angry."

Since God's protection and flow cannot be helped, he stepped forward and intervened in it himself.

"It's simple that this hasn't worked out as you thought."

It's a test that you have to solve on your own without the protection of God.

"What you've been studying is what you've been doing to have the authority and dignity of a real saint among humans.

How do you interpret and accept God's will when you really have to study?

You said you don't know that you're lacking someone who's lived a full life.

That's the way it is.

"Think it over."

Pushing her back into the crack, I swept through the half-baked cavity without a word.

Can I leave this place alone?

It was a question from Persec.

Unless Dayan's existence has completely disappeared, it would be stupid to leave this place alone.

"I don't want to touch it."

The mind was in the present.

Throwing myself into a crack after her completely disappeared, I took a step forward as I saw the end of the forest with a blue sky and a wide plain.

"Lunne, run wild. Command all Decepticon squadrons."

"Lünne is on standby. I appreciate your combat capability very highly.

"Burn the entire contaminated forest. It is also annoying to purify with the torch."

For the time being, I don't want to use sacred power.

The goddess of Priya started first.

His remains remain and he is not completely extinct, but I didn't want to go beyond simple calculations to touch anything more.

When you're angry, each room is the answer.

Okay, let's use each room. Goddess of God.

You think I can't do anything if I don't use divinity.

I think you also received a lot of love from God.

"Well, maybe going to the gallery was the only affection I got."

Don't know how to die trying to get this power.

* * *

Most of the undeads who lost their owners after the demise of Claire Orphan collapsed on their own and returned to the ground.

On the other hand, there were undeads who simply roamed the body, but that itself was not a big threat to the Allies.

The only problem is the undead created by the commander, Dayan, who is believed to have not died yet.

Frost Warm Wyvern, who escaped alive.

And the super-powerful undeads that were asleep under the ruins.

Whatever it is, it would be a mess if only one ran wild.

Somehow they didn't see a single one.

As if he had fled to rally elsewhere.

Most of the enemy disappeared in an instant, so the Allies recovered the fortress without difficulty. I'm starting to worry about the post-processing problem caused by this.

In order to clean up the land contaminated with terrible fraud, it must be periodically purified by high-level purification magic or long-term subsexual purification magic.

The sex candidate Alice was ostensibly kidnapped by him and treated as being alive.

The best scenario was to fight him and die heroically. I was returning home alone with a word, but as long as she survived and God began to protect her and other gender candidates, including her, only I would be tired if I stepped forward.

inability to resist

the height of absurdity

It is challenging God's authority to never think about the heroes of the corridors who seem to smash the universe.

There is nothing more foolish and stupid than a creature's coming at its creator.

That is God, the will of the world.

At the moment when everyone was busy with post-processing, I laid my head on Persec's lap, where I had raised my body, and made a drowsy look.

It'll look like your head is floating in the air.

It's her legs that support my head as she says with a gentle smile.

If those who can't see her see this scene, my head will simply appear to be floating in the air.

"Let me be a little silly, too.

A sense of helplessness enveloped the whole body because the steam leaked out.

It's been a long time since I felt so annoyed and helpless.

Beep!

purification of contaminated land

"I won't."

Beep!

purification of contaminated land by force of forceful force

"Go ahead."

The status window was turned off annoyingly, but it shone again.

At the same time, the words changed again to the peculiarities of my information window.

purification of contaminated land the finishing touch of the horse's existence

"I won't. I'm going back to my in-laws for a while and I'm not going to do anything, so take care of it."

You know I'm dirty, and you know I'm not going to let it go, and now you're interrupting me at an important moment?

While snorting, I suddenly stopped at the unconventional suggestion that God's will had walked on.

"Oh, dear."

That's why continental spoons shouldn't be facing each other.

Unlocking the dead body due to the power of the water during purification.

"Losing is winning... ...jab. Unless you really like it, I won't take it."

I jumped out of my seat and strode away.

Looking at me like that, Persec murmured ridiculously.

"Look at the turn of events..."