215 # 215

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 14 of the Nine

Five minutes is about 300 seconds.

In fact, it was too short a time for those who had a lot to say.

However, aware of the reality, Illinois finished talking to him in the five minutes with everything she could say.

Then, as soon as her story ended, the music that had stabilized the surrounding spirits gradually stopped.

As I did not exist in the first place to intervene in the conversation between the two, I emptied the conversation neatly in my head.

There's no point in listening.

Shake!

Timing is said to be art.

As other knights who found the knights lying outside hurriedly pulled out their swords and entered the room, I silently stood up and spoke to Illina, who was still with a blank face.

"Your little brother."

"......"

"How can a man be perfect? Don't hate it even if you don't like it."

I don't care if you don't understand what this means. Humans who are tactless usually get criticized even though they are good.

Perhaps Prince Salivan will be severely criticized by the imperial family. If she was the other prince, I would ask her that she did this nonsense.

"Most importantly, some of the aristocrats who were wary of the Salibans would turn to support Illinois."

There are many princes in the Palan Empire.

The crown prince was the only one there who supported Illinois without a word.

What do you mean?

It means that when there is an opportunity, there are a lot of yellow dust that will bite Illinois.

"I've been waiting. If it were meant to be, I'd have to treat the royal family with all my heart."

"We're both busy, so I don't know how much more time we'll have if we get there."

"It's safer here. The imperial family is a place where you can't trust people easily because of the struggle of power."

From simple servants and maids to maidens and servants, butchers, or knights.

I can't tell for sure who's on whose side.

That was his position.

"I heard the story. She went to the room in Illinois. What about him?"

"I don't understand even if the person who created the division has said that."

"Ha-ha. I see. Let's get to the point."

Speaking calmly, he stuck out the papers.

"This is an official letter from the Imperial Household.

There was a large writing on the first line.

the Treaty of the Armed Forces of the Palan Empire and the Lounge Kingdom

"Your requirements are simple. Military alliance with the Palan Empire."

"That's right."

He moaned briefly at my words.

"But do you know that the Kingdom of Lounge is already a military alliance with the Lindis? According to my information, I know you have a close relationship with Emperor Deord of the Lindis Empire. That's why the Palan Empire royal family gave this answer."

Refusal

The Palan Empire is expressing neutrality.

As much as that much.

"One country's favoritism, or the other, we can't give it up. That's our Palan Empire's position."

It was a natural result if it was natural.

However, Salivan seemed to think differently.

Gosh!

"However, this is the conclusion of the sit-down, sit-down, sit-down, watch-and-see conclusion. I think differently."

He was vague in his speech and said firmly.

"The Palan Empire is not a disgraceful empire to wash its mouth with grace."

Being a huge nation, the Palan Empire was like the Lindis Empire.

"Let me be clear. Let me ask you why. Why did you make such a suggestion to our imperial family?"

I savored the tea without a word at his words.

"What's the reason? If the intel is a solid Palan Empire, you don't know what I'm collecting on the territory right now."

He squinted at my words.

"The land of Haines is actually one of the most closely watched lands in the Palan Empire. It's none other than the Palan Empire's exclusive cultivation of the moon's leaves. As far as I know..."

a large purchase of food Material required for Mercury, wall construction, and repair materials.

And. a lot of weapons.

"Are you measuring the war?"

"To be exact, this is the one that blocks it."

He moaned briefly at my answer.

"It's a question of this race."

"You're quick-witted."

"The one who seeks the crown prince of a country. Without knowing this much, we cannot call him the prince of the greatest power. Most countries have a number of big and small incidents, but to the best of my knowledge, no country has clashed with the Hines or the Kingdom of Lounge."

I nodded as if to go on with his calm remarks.

"What's left is the side we don't know, or the Dwarf... ...or the kind of forest that suddenly appeared in the world... ..or the Elf, or another species that the Prince may still be hiding."

I didn't answer what he said.

"I don't think it's Dwarf. When I heard their story, I knew that dwaffes from all parts of the continent were friendly to the prince. Then all that's left is the elf."

His calm words sparkled his eyes.

"It's not too strong for the enemy to handle. I'm not an idiot who doesn't believe what the prince has done. Then our empire of the Palan......"

He cut me off and pinched the fact that I didn't tell him.

"The Elf-related forces that are targeting the prince are at a crossroads."

You creep me out.

That's not what you want to say.

"I'm impressed."

I've lived for a long time, so there's something I can see.

He was a genius in a different sense from me. About politics, or fighting spirit.

Maybe the first time I supported Alice...

'Obviously, it's an attempt to crush Sung-kuk's nose at an opportunity. Of course, the existence of the country was unexpected.'

There's nothing good about dealing with this kind of guy for as long as possible.

If I try to hide it, I'll keep digging.

However, our troops would not have such a strong force.

"Let me tell you the official position of the Palan Empire, or the next Crown Prince."

He straightened his back and took another piece of paper out of his arms.

"This is a proposal for a full alliance between the Palan Empire and the Hines."

"You're going to take it from them? That's a different story."

"In fact, I've got the help of the prince, so I have to accept it, but it's not bad for each other."

"Some items are annoying."

He gave me a questionable look on his face.

Certainly, under his terms, it is quite good for the Palan Empire to provide large quantities of supplies or technical support to the Hines estate.

only

"We mark the Kingdom of Lown as Eul and the Empire of Palan as Gap. Over the next 200 years, A and B will certainly save each other by all means when enemies emerge that pose a danger to each other's existence."

He tilted his head at my words.

"Is it a matter of six?"

"I'm not interested in such small things. However, I refuse to sign such a slave contract."

Gosh!

This time I tore up the contract.

Threatening to existence? What's the difference between using my power in public?

No such lucrative contracts are allowed.

"The rest of the world would normally take on the status of the Palan Empire."

"Sadly, I'm not proposing an alliance because I'm afraid of the power of the Empire."

If an imperial power comes to attack with the Elves. They're trying to reduce the number of innocent lives that are going to die.

"What I mean. You understand."

"......"

He looked at me with sharp eyes as if he was trying to tell a lie.

All we have to do is keep the right line. I'll help you when it's dangerous. But it shouldn't be forced."

He nodded quietly at my words.

"The other day, Illina, he said that. He boasted, "Even if you touch everything else, don't touch the prince, it's for the Palan Empire." Actually, I was just joking back then, but..."

After a short moan, he withdrew.

"Are you really a human being?"

"As you can see, he's human. I don't really feel sorry about the Palan Empire."

"Okay, I'll leave it with a secret card. However, I hope we don't turn a blind eye to each other's help on a ridiculous excuse."

"There's one more problem."

He tilted his head at my subsequent words.

"This part."

Pointed to an item in a contract torn with an index finger.

"I don't get married to a man or woman who has no heart. And."

"......"

"You tend to overprotect your brother."

You want me to babysit?

No thanks.

There was a proposal for the formal national marriage between Illinois and me.

* * *

"One, may I ask you?"

He nodded to my question with a faded look.

The psychology shown in his information was weaker than I thought.

I want to leave my seat because I'm so tired.

It means that he was quite behind in talking to me.

But he didn't make it obvious, so he doesn't usually make an impression.

"Why did you lie?"

It wasn't him who didn't know what my question meant.

"Iilina should not know. Dirty politics."

"If you go back, you'll get a lot of criticism from the other princes."

He is not an idiot, but who will punish the body of the crown prince with an endless excuse of the next crown prince's order?

Did he not know that?

No way.

He squinted at my words.

"All the nobles of the Empire. And to the royal family..."

He got up from his seat with a vague ending.

Then he came up to me slowly and made eye contact with me and said,

"There should never be a rumor going around that Ilyna or her has gotten along with me. If that happens..."

He laughed bitterly at the end of his speech.

"We can't guarantee the child's safety, nor can we keep a life like a free bird."

Falling into the dirty mud for a moment. No matter how clean clothes you wear, the moment a person falls into the muddy water hits the water, it becomes dirty.

"It was my brother's fool to ask me to put on makeup here. It was the childish reason that he would comfort the souls of the soldiers who fought with him even if they died. Ha! It wasn't worth listening to."

"It's clear that the deceased Crown Prince is a respectable personality."

The crown prince of the Han Dynasty who will have everything. Even though he knew his way to die, he did not back down.

To protect the weak hidden behind.

"Before the final run... ..my brother sent me a letter. Yes, it was a stupid paper with a letter and a suicide note. It says that a body that has already been eaten up by fraud will not last long."

Don't tell me...

'That's why you didn't have a heart.'

And undead pulled his heart out. not of any sort

It looked like the number of living princes. The heart is the source of power for Manauser.

So that the crown prince, the highest of the expat, will not live and undead with his power to kill my people.

His extreme choice to undermine most of his power.

"Of course, I wouldn't have heard that. But that wasn't the only request from my brother."

You're the only one who's going to protect her now.

There is only one woman living in the Palan Empire.

Illina de Palan.

What can you do to protect her? How do you get the political aristocrats and the royal family to relax their guard against her?

"This incident. Do you know where the soldiers are in charge of and protecting this place? It's Whitebird."

White Bird.

It's the squad that Illinois is in charge of.

"Even if you don't think about it, if you bite over there, you're dragged into the deep sea at the moment. Illina is brilliant, but she doesn't have the talent to deal with the hounds."

He asked for a handshake when I nodded.

"So we need a strong shield. The nobles and the princes will question the responsibility of Illinois over the incident. He's trying to take control of Whitebird, which protects him."

"Hmm..."

He continued when I agonized without holding my hand.

"So I have to step up."

"Get out of the way..."

"Now that I have officially expressed my position as the next Crown Prince after the state funeral, I will think I have buried your spirit here and revealed my true colors. Of course, no one can afford to touch the disruptive Illinois in the presence of a big enemy."

I will nail the next emperor down.

So don't look where you're going and come at me.

Saliban, who was a competitor to the director of his older brother's bureau, has started to come out recklessly enough to beat him as he pleases outside.

Since others do not know the contents of the suicide note, this action is influential as a political declaration to show off Saliban's power.

Forget small problems in the face of a powerful and intimidating enemy. It's a simple politics that turns one's eyes on. If that happens, he loses too much.

Honor, pride. Or even a smile of a brother that may be sent someday.

During the eternal time when the truth will be buried.