217 # 217

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 16 of the Nine Books

The pale light hidden inside her was familiar and slightly distant.

I'm sure I've seen it somewhere. Why do I feel so familiar and unfamiliar?

Because of that greed, I once dug deeper and used the power of Persec's abyss.

Then, inside of it, I was swallowed up by a huge flash.

"Let me go... ...let go!"

She was struggling to get away from me, but she doesn't have much power to resist whether it's because of her small physique or not.

Usually, most of the body is strengthened, but the small amount of force control is instinctively.

"Uhhhhhhhhh...Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...

She yelled at Yuri as if she were asking for help.

Yuri's face hidden from me.

"Hahhhhhhhhhhh..."

He had a truly thrilling smile.

Maybe that's what the peace-loving forest elf looks like.

To other elves, I can't hide that smile that I hide even when I die, and I can't hide it enough.

"That's enough."

"Hahaha!"

It was not long before I let go, and she stepped back from me three or four steps and glared at me with a wary look.

"How rude! I knew humans were reckless! But I didn't even think it would have changed like this in over 300 years!"

At her cry I mumbled as if I knew nothing.

"All right, little girl."

"Kid... ...don't call me a kid! By the way, he is the oldest among the elves!"

"Then shall I call you an old lady?"

"Geez!"

"You look like a kid who's less than 150cm tall in the first place, and he's not as grown up as an adult."

She clenched her teeth to my question and bowed her head.

"...Whoa, Yuri... I'd like to talk to you for a moment."

In my words, Uria nodded after a long consideration as if she were trying to grasp the intentions.

"The guards around you will be bitten. If there's a silver man anyway, there won't be any big problem."

"Yes... ...quickly."

"Not Emily. I'm sorry to say, but I'll have to postpone serving tea."

Emilia glared at me with a wary look at the sight.

The elves' advocacy of human beings seemed a little unusual to her.

Soon after, as soon as Yuri was out of sight, I crouched down, touched the table with one hand, and breathed heavily.

"Whoop... ...I really didn't expect this."

I bit my lips to catch the spirit of being dazed, and I shouted.

"Bomb!"

Davey?

"Get the bomb squad in!"

"Lunne, high speed! Very highly valued precision work!"

At my cry, Lünne penetrates like a flash and overcomes her. Then the particles clumped together to form a familiar tool and put it on her neck.

a symbol of public morals

Gongdol's partner.

It was Nipper.

He's been digging into my memory and implementing paru, and he can't even make a nipper.

Coooooooong!

At the same time, two cubes bounced into the air from a wide coat pocket surrounding Lünne's body, showing a huge golem, tankers and snipers.

The tanker quickly spread a shield based on her to protect me, and Sniper pointed his huge gun at Emilia's head and blinked his eyes.

I promise you, even if you show a little suspicious movement, Matan-hwan will pierce her head.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Surprised by Lünne's sudden overpowerment and doogie's golem, she struggled, but she groaned helplessly to see if she could beat Lünne's strength.

"Davie, what kind of bomb?"

"Sigh... ...you're driving me crazy."

I frowned as I drew my breath.

This is why you have to be careful no matter what you do.

I felt so relieved.

When we look into the abyss.

The abyss sees us.

I used Persec's power to look inside her.

What was hidden inside her opened her eyes and looked at me exactly.

As I raised one hand reflexively, held my eyes closed, drew up my breath, and pulled Manna up, the blood flow that was going crazy all over my body slowly began to calm down.

If I had anticipated this situation at all the least.

I wouldn't have been so absurdly exposed.

"David, I've detected an abnormally high heart rate. Lünne, stand by. I can break the artery right now."

"Stop it."

Out of breath violently, I stumbled, and Lünne clenched Amelia's body with a short tongue.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

Emilia cried desperately in a tearful voice because of Lünne, who annoyingly gave her more strength.

"Crazy..."

Soon afterwards, Lünne tilted her head as I muttered my hand, which was slowly covering her eyes.

"Charm? I want more information."

But rather than answering Lünne's question, I grabbed her by the collar and frowned.

"What are you? Do you have a conscience?"

"What... what are you talking about... ..aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!

She looked really painful, crying and screaming.

Davey...

"There was a fascination hidden in my body. Now that I've looked at it, the effects will only come directly.

Fortunately, she was too young to be considered an adult, so it was safe to say that calmness helped her a lot.

"I'm hiding something so hideous in my body to bury someone socially."

Usually, there is a power of degree that amplifies the feelings of the opponent.

But the medium she had was not at all pushed back when compared to the horse race, the circus I've been through.

No.

It was safe to say that he was dozens of times stronger than them.

"Do you have a conscience?"

"Huh..."

"Does she use her body to give off a charm? Are you trying to bury someone socially?"

"What... what?!"

Only then did she realize exactly what I was seeing and how I was doing, and she blushed and shouted.

"Do you know I didn't grow up because I didn't want to grow up?" I... I want to grow up, but I don't want to grow up! And what else is a plum?"

Seeing him scream without even knowing the honorifics, I can't avoid feeling stressed.

"Davie, what's the medium of the sale?"

"Snow."

"Pull out your eyes?"

"Gasp!"

Ignoring the screaming Amelia, I shook my head.

"Boo-hoo-boo, pull it out."

Roger.

She screamed and struggled all over as Lünne, who made a terrible sound, lifted the nipper and poked her in the eye.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Don't do it! Don't do that!!"

"Detail eye extraction is not possible when resisting. Warn me to stay still if I don't want to get hurt. This is highly appreciated by Lünne."

"Si... no! Hey! What did I do wrong? No! Tell him to stop!"

Despite her cry, Lünne raised the nipper high.

"Stop."

"Accept command."

At the same time my orders fell again and the end of the nipper stopped just before it poked her in the eye.

"Huhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

When I saw him sobbing with his eyes closed with fear, I could feel how scared I was.

However, there was something I didn't think of.

"Oh... I'm going to die."

The trigger for the plum that was asleep in her body.

It happened to be tears.

In an instant, I wiped her tears away and got up.

Then he took a deep breath as if he were taking a deep breath.

"Wow, this..."

My impression was frowned upon by the elf, who was curious about the rapid increase in research value.

In the end, I pulled Manna up reflexively.

[8 Circle]

[mind evolution(정신 진화)]

Boom!!

At the same time, Emilia's body, which was crying at me, flinched greatly.

It doesn't seem to be ineffective.

Watching Emilia, I firmly ordered her, wary of the power of a hawk that might flow further.

"Lune, knock him out."

"Roger."

Puck!

The action was quick.

Lünne, who knocked the back of her neck out in an instant, put her hands on her waist and said proudly.

"Lunne, very highly appreciated your fainting skills. Force control very perfect."

"Niper..."

"Nipper?"

"Hurry up!"

It was Lünne who threw the nipper that was holding on to my breath-seeking horse to me.

Boom!

Then, as soon as I accepted Nipper, a gruesome patina rang out.

* * *

"Yuri."

"Oh, the Duke of Silver? Why are you already... ..oh, what's that scar?!"

Surprised at the sight of me returning earlier than I thought, Uria looked surprised when she saw me breathing hard.

Her eyes slightly wrinkled.

"It's nothing. I've just been laid back."

You're not scared of Emilia, are you?"

"......"

Surely there can be such a misunderstanding just to look at.

It looks like he is breathing rough and torn here and there in his clothes and hurt himself with something sharp.

It could have looked like a scratch from his fingernail.

The truth is that I, who was fascinated by doing something stupid, intentionally hurt someone to protect them.

"No, Emilia is one of the oldest of the Elves, but her appearance was fixed before she reached adulthood..."

"Let's stop playing pranks because we're tired."

She shut her mouth at my firm words.

"What the hell happened to you?"

"Did Emilia have the power of a hawk, an elf?"

She tilted her head to my question.

"Camera......?

"Yes."

"No, I've never heard of it from my mother as a child."

"Really? That's weird..."

"Oh, I think he had similar powers."

"Similar power?"

She smiled at my question.

"Yes, the animals have been unusually following Amelia. I haven't seen it myself, but some of the elves in my grandmother's or mother's generation have seen Emilia's past."

"Other than that?"

"I didn't hear anything else. If you really had the power of prostitution, adults would have known."

Her words kept my silence.

a constitution peculiar to animals

have a constitution close to pheromones

Of course, it was not strange for an animal with a better sense than an elf to be drunk by the weak medium that flowed from her body.

only

'It's still too dark.'

There was a bigger problem because I looked directly at the source of the power of prostitution hidden in her body, but it was still too much.

The simple feeling is that it is a horse-riding circus called Mongma.

Among them, it was a fascination that reached more than just the top circus queens.

The power that makes the opponent feel good in nature and pity when it gets worse.

It is extremely rare to be born with this power, but not without it.

They don't have a particularly overwhelming appearance, but they're fascinated by just staying still.

They are also born with a certain amount of prostitution.

Emilia must have been such a case, too.

However, what on earth should she explain the power of ridiculous prostitution?

Once you've endured it, you'll become more tolerant. It was obvious that ordinary people would turn their eyes upside down the moment they saw her tears regardless of gender.

After a rough combination of information about Amelia through Uriah, I left her house and turned back to where Amelia fainted.

The child's appearance is still a minor elf, regardless of his actual age. Davey, stop brooding over the kid.

I frowned at Persec's advice.

"What? What the hell are you talking about?"

What nonsense are you talking about, you, now that you are swayed by the power of prostitution in the child's body, have you had a taste for the child?

I laughed at her words.

"Me? You were fascinated by the little elf and had a crush on him?"

Then? Am I wrong? Then why did you do that? Why can't you stand it and hurt yourself to find peace?

"You."

Huh?

She opened her eyes wide at my words.

"It's all because of you, man!"

Ah?

There were three female bodies facing Emilia.

Forgetting about the elves the size of a rat bean, and even if the golem, Lünne, is an adult, it is not that I am so self-control that I suddenly have a taste for her.

Basically, even if I have a physical relationship, I never have a person I don't care about.

but

Persec was different.

......

"Please shut up because I'm begging you. Even if you want to tease me, endure it and forget it. If you don't want to be in trouble."

I have to keep my mind as much as I can until I calm down.