214 # 214

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 13 of the Nine

"How dare you say that there's a moron who dies knowing he's going to die? Stop it. I don't want to talk to a cold-blooded man like you after this day."

"Ilina."

"I have nothing more to say. If you don't want to mourn your big brother, please go down. Now!

"Whoa..."

Illina, glaring at him as he retreated with a blur of words, seized the body of my brother, who looked as clean as if he would happen at any moment.

a heartless body

The other part is fine, but the heart disappears because it's undead.

It wouldn't have been.

Perhaps, the commander Dayan or Rich Clair Orphan had used his hands before that.

I don't have a way to figure out the reason yet.

"You're pretty good at talking. I'll just be taken in for a while."

"I have no idea what you're talking about. It's not just a good feeling, so let's stop here."

Slowly step back and look at the salivan approaching me, when I said nothing, he laughed bitterly and shook his head.

"I'm still with my brother. I never wanted you to die. However, if I analyze it calmly, since my brother, who has always been in the opposite position, has passed away, I will be the crown prince now."

At his meaningful words, I turned my head in a faintly.

in a short

Rina, wearing an antique white robe and white robe, and her followers began to slowly walk into the crematorium.

In a solemn atmosphere, the occasional noisy atmosphere of the audience began to calm down as if it had poured cold water.

Booooooooooooooo!!

It was not long before all the knights in armor sounded a heavy trumpet in unison, and everyone who came to attend looked down without a word.

Even if he is not sad, he is imitating the crown prince, not others.

Ring!

It was not long before the quiet ritual without lines began.

This is how all the funerals affected by the Holy Land, including the Palan Empire, are held.

Before cremating the body, the new bride comes and dances to mourn the soul's death. They pray and dance for the spirit to die and be held in God's arms.

Lina's body was not actually that flexible, but everyone could feel the sincerity of mourning for the lion even in its stiffness.

Ring!

A cluster of pure white light began to appear around her, with the Shin Sung-seok on her staff and the bells on its underside.

In the light of the light, the lines of light left her and began to spread widely around the crown prince's body. Soon he climbed up to the sky and made his tail long.

It is the sound of the law and the rattling bells that come from a dim and solemn atmosphere like rain.

In it I saw Illinois with her mouth shut silent and her eyes red.

The stillness of the cremation seemed to last.

When the ritual of soothing the soul ended, the body had to be cremated.

but

"Ah...oh...oh,no...no.

After the ceremony, there was a problem with the resignation of the saint candidate Lina.

It was because Illina rushed in, grabbed the body, and began to cry, beating out the knights who came up with torches for makeup.

"Oh...oh, my brother! Open your eyes, brother... ..hehehehehe, I'm sorry. I... ...I've done everything wrong, so I'll stay with him for a little longer. Open your eyes. Please... What? Brother!"

"You can't do this. Your Majesty the Emperor!

"Let go of me!" Brother, brother! It's my fault! Because I've done everything wrong... ..hehehehehe."

It was not impossible not to understand her wailing heart, leaving all rational logic alone.

Mother! Please open your eyes! Please, don't die! You promised to live with me for a long time!]

The sight of her crying without caring about the eyes of those who were surprised by her crying and hugging the cold face of the crown prince without letting go of the body made the viewer feel bitter.

You look... ...not good.

"I have a good memory."

It's already been a thousand years since Hon remembered it.

However, the memories of that time were almost traumatized and could not easily shake off the bitterness.

An incurable wound doesn't heal. You said you'd cover it with time.

Perhaps the evidence is that you still feel bitter considering what happened then.

It was a few years later that I realized the memory of my past life. If he had memories back then, could he have prevented the situation? I also wanted to.

"Let go of me, brother! Brother! This is Illina! I'm Ilina, my brother who was so fond of me! Please..."

As if crying out for all the tears they had endured so far, the female members of the bureau turned their eyes to the point where their eyes were red.

Even men who are more sensitive than women are about to turn their eyes and sigh, so what is more bitter about the scene?

"Hmm... ...don't do this. If you cry like this, the Prince will not be able to leave with a good heart."

At the words of Lina, a saint who stood up with tears in her eyes and hugged Illina and pulled her back, she burst into tears as she was dragged out of the crematorium.

"No! There's a lot I haven't told you yet! I haven't said a word of "I love you" because I'm shy, but I can't send it to you like this!"

Her desperate resistance was beyond the reach of Lina's saint, so it was her Whitebird knights who eventually came forward.

"Lord, forgive my rudeness."

"Let go of me! I could throw all of your throats away!"

"Hit our throats then!"

Salivan nodded his head with a firm face over the knights who walked away carrying Illinois firmly.

Then the knights slowly climbed up and lit a thin branch and flint.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

Illina, who collapsed in a scream, tries to jump back into the fire.

Slap!!

Salivan eventually approached her and slapped her on the cheek.

"You stupid thing!"

"......"

Salivan finally put his hand on the sword and clenched his teeth at the sight of her staring at Salivan with his teeth were clenched her teeth.

"Take lilina. Keep an eye out of the room until the director's done."

"......"

At his words, White Bird's knights looked embarrassedly.

"What are you doing? Are you ignoring my future crown prince, even though you are Knights of Illinois? If you want, I'll put you in treason."

a cold way of speaking

As soon as he refused, the knights closed their eyes when the life seemed to be cut off.

Then he stepped down in support of the quietly wailing Illinois.

"I'm sorry I didn't look good."

Answering with a calm face, he bowed his head to the participants, and some seemed surprised by the coldness they had imagined, but said nothing.

Soon after, the crown prince's body caught fire and began to burn.

I hit one hand in the air without a word.

Thuung...

With a light sound, lightly move the big cane from the fingertips and pat the floor! I hit him.

[7 Circle]

[Rain Custom]

He then put one talisman from the other hand on his index finger and middle finger and closed his eyes.

[The Author of the Masterpiece]

[Fire of the Spirit]

Immortal flames and rain from the sky.

It's dark, but it wouldn't have been rainy.

The sudden sound of rain embarrassed the participants, but fortunately, no one was caught in the rain because their place was covered with waterproof tents.

only

"This is all I can think about. I think I'll have to go over here. The fire won't go out. I pray that the soul will be safely held in the arms of the Lord."

"Thank you...."

Salivan, who was looking at the body in a torrential rain without a word, immediately.

Then he cupped his mouth.

Sorry?

"There are times when you have to hold back even if you want to cry. His royal family members are. Never mind.'

My tongue was filled by itself.

[Laughing]

The sound of forcing something to bear was heard until I got out of it.

* * *

The room where Ilina was detained was still magnificent as it was the room where the imperial woman stayed.

"Open the door."

My calm words covered the entrance with a window.

"No one should go in. Go back."

"Open the door."

The expressions of the knights were indignant at my words.

"Prince David. Aona is rude, but you can't let her into her room alone."

"Then have a good night's sleep."

As if the knights were embarrassed by my smile.

They opened their eyes in an instant and fell apart.

I'm sorry for them.

But it's a little hard to just leave it.

Garnish!!

What I saw as the quiet door opened was Illina sitting on a large bed, staring blankly at the rain outside the window.

"It's Jiri Palace."

"Davie..."

You'd be surprised by my muttering.

Illina turned to me as she looked at the rain outside the window with an empty look.

"Orabani..."

"One day, one dies."

"......"

I won't say "I'm sorry about this."

"...thank you. And I'm sorry. You didn't look good."

"When a loving family dies, anyone will be sad. It's no wonder."

Shoot me!

The sound of rain was heard in the quiet room.

"It's raining... ..or Bunny's tears. I've had a lot of things to say to you."

It was a cheesy expression, but she was not rational enough to sense such shame.

"What a fool, rain just falls when the water in the sky weighs more than a certain amount."

Her expression frown at my calm words.

"If you're trying to make me laugh, I'll give you two out of ten."

"I don't want to be funny. I didn't come here to see you shivering, so look over here."

With a calm voice, I clapped the talisman I had prepared on her forehead.

"Oh, my God! What are you doing?"

"You said you wanted to say something."

If you have something you want to say, you should say it when you have a chance.

"You must have a lot to say. It's five minutes at the most. Do whatever you want to say in it."

Illina's eyes opened wide as she tried to remove the talisman from my horse and flinched.

......

There was no answer.

"I am a predator. I've just been hijacking your soul in orbit for a while."

Although the word "highjack" is not available here.

I didn't mean to understand, and the situation was similar, so it wouldn't matter.

I had a hard time bringing his soul back.

After that, I warned again looking at Illinois.

"Beware, it's five minutes. After five minutes, there will be a problem with the other spirits that were in orbit with the crown prince's spirit. And your soul will be unstable."

She, who had been hardened by my words, muttered in surprise.

"Big... ..come... Bernie?"

As expected, I can't hear the answer. However, her voice must have reached her.

[8 Circle Black Magic]

[Voice of Salvation]

It was created in eight circles by a commander who desperately tried to save his dead lover.

It is a magic that beats in search of the very momentary law contained in the orbit of reincarnation.

Of course, the price is scary because it is not an area that human beings who are mortal can do.

Thanks to the nipples of the goddess Priya, who did not know whether she was trying to save her or showing off her position.

"Eh...Davie? Am I... dreaming?"

In an incredible voice, Ialina mumbled to the head, giving her a hard time.

She doesn't know how precious time is.

"That's why people should be nice when they're around. Don't forget, it's five minutes. Close your eyes and shut your mouth when the music is over. The moment you talk more, you'll be dead."

But I didn't do well in my mother's life.

It will always remain a lifelong regret.

I think Ilina and the already dead crown prince had a special friendship more than I expected, and if they would put a lifelong regret on spending their days without a word.

I'd rather have a strong cause. I can't help you once.

"......"

Leaving her unanswered, I sat in a chair in the corner of the room.

Then he rummages through the subspace. I took out a small flute and closed my eyes quietly.

"May the dead soul leave the road of relief and put down its memories and live a new life."

With a calm introduction, a low, heavy, yet easy note began to flow out.

"The real song isn't exactly the right genre."

If you don't do this, the souls of the hijackers will have seizures, so I have to calm them down.

Everyone, line up. I'll play a magic performance by a minstrel who once made you dance to your dead soul.

The magic is more stable against the human soul, but the only thing I summoned was a fire chicken, so it was a gums instead.

When the heavy but slow wedding song rang, Illina bit her lips tightly with her teeth, held back her crying and smiled slowly.

The first thing she wanted to show the departing person.

It was probably a smile, don't worry.