216 # 216

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 15 of the Nine

77. How to get information from a hostage.

I murmured calmly, holding his hand in silence and shaking hands.

"What if, on the contrary, they bring in Illinois and keep you in check?"

"That won't be possible. They're the ones who know what I'm going to do if I bring Ilina in a neutral position. And most of all...."

Their ideas are water and oil that can't be mixed in the first place because Illinois is extremely loathsome.

It's the opposite from the beginning, so it can't be mixed.

"What do you mean I like friends? Please understand why I'm telling this story to the prince, not to anyone else."

So that my friend can keep his pure heart.

"I wouldn't want anything more if the national marriage came true..."

If she were to flee to another country so that she wouldn't be caught up in the Empire's struggle, and if the man she'd marry was a strong pillar she wouldn't be caught up in.

That would be the best scenario.

His handshake was a suggestion for this.

In the end, I took his hand. He is quite a dangerous man when he becomes an enemy. However, if you're an ally, you're more reliable than the black-hearted.

"Illina, who asked me if I knew what sacrifice was, has really become a piece of shit. When did it start?"

"It was just a different way than my brother, but I was unchanged from the beginning. However, the problem is that I'm the only one who can come forward now."

Unlike Illinois, who was angry that he did not know what the sacrifice was, Prince Salivan had already been protecting her in a different way from the past.

"If a child doesn't smoke yet, who will smoke? If you live just and pure as anyone else..."

There was not a single falsehood in his mind.

The power of fraudulent polygraphs is quite good in these places.

It's going to be a big factor in whether you can trust me.

He gave a different smile for the first time.

"We have a way. I'm used to this side."

Organize the child so that he can live without knowing the dark side of politics.

People live with different thoughts and everyone is the main characters of the world.

I wasn't in a position to say that the future award they were thinking of was different from what I thought.

"I'll clear the debt here first. Did you say enemy? Tell them to come, and I'll crush your dog."

"I appreciate it, but the moment the number of people in the world reaches the plate, the Palan Empire can't last long. So."

I slightly clenched my fist and opened it after turning my back from him.

"Listen to what I'm saying."

* * *

What did he talk about in the conversation with the prince's soul?

She came to me as if she had made up her mind to say something after her brother's death.

"The pulmonary tube training you mentioned. I think I'll try."

I nodded to her, who spoke calmly.

"I won't come out until I get it."

"It won't take long."

She's basically talented, but what I've done to her has had quite a big impact.

If the weak difference is gathered, it will be very effective.

She will be master-class in no time more than anyone else on the sword.

After an unintended farewell to her, she left the command and embarked on her way to the Hines estate.

Gosh, geez!

The vast gates of the Dwarf's technology gathered and built opened, shouting soldiers in flashing armor.

"The lord is coming back!!"

With the words, as if I had waited, the soldiers lined up on both sides and saluted, I raised my hand without a word and opened my mouth.

"Everyone must be tired of being in charge of land security, so break up. I'll skip all the small events."

"Okay, everybody!Take it easy!"

Chuck!!

"Get some rest!"

The soldiers who delivered the weapons to the ensuing command chants stepped back in unison.

"Welcome, Deung. I've been waiting."

"Well done, everyone. Is there anything I need to report?"

"There are a few things. It's not a big deal, so everything is being resolved through proper coordination."

"I had a hard time not being able to rest."

"Hehe, this is my job. I can't do it roughly because I know how important and important your assignment is and you trust me. It's like a relief to me."

Amy nodded with sparkling eyes at my words.

"Orabani!"

Then a green-haired girl who rushed from afar came to me.

"Oh, Winley, how are you?"

"Aren't you too estranged from me these days?"

"Ha-ha. I'm sorry."

It was also true that he didn't pay attention to him because of the unnecessary scale.

It was Ullis who had been taking care of Winnie, but Ullis was not here as he returned to the headquarters of the Red Tower due to the incident.

"Oh, you must have worked hard, your magic skills have improved in the meantime."

When I patted his head saying I was proud of him, a look of surprise reached me.

Four mana circles revolved around Winnie's chest.

What it meant was simple. the initiation of four circles

Winley, who was staying in the third circle, has finally surpassed the average wizard three circles.

I learned magic because I was clever and talented, so I thought I would reach it someday, but I was more proud to see it in person.

"Why didn't you tell me? It seems old."

"My brother is busy. How can I say that? And I was going to surprise you one day."

I had no choice but to admit that I was not too interested in the floundering words of Winley.

"Am, family is the most precious thing.'

Maybe it's because he had an affair with Salivan.

It is also true that we cannot erase the feeling that Winnie looks more special.

"Well done. My brother is proud of you."

I was grateful that Barris, Winri, and the situation were so bad that they grew so bright.

"Hehe!"

As I patted him on the back, thinking that the praise was so good, I slowly began to see the eyes around him.

"Hmm! You're back, sir."

"Golgoda, have you been well?"

"Hahahahahaha! I'm still in the clear! I just wanted to let you know the outcome of the plan. My brother barely managed to tear off the band he was going to! Laugh out loud!

Dwarf's actions, which still make a big smile, gave me a pick smile.

Actually, it was Elder Golda who was in charge of planning.

Interested in the plan, the elder Golgoda seems to have taken it away.

Even if they argue with each other, they are very friendly brothers, so there is nothing to worry about.

"Empathy for grace."

"Yuri."

"It's a coincidence. I have something to tell you over here, too.

"A saint of the New World who was captured as a hostage.

"Yes, I think I can talk to you now that I'm relaxed."

At her words, I dropped Winnie off and opened my mouth to Golgotha.

"I'm sorry, Elder, but I think we need to work on that first."

"Haha! Don't worry. I'm sensible, it's not that I don't know which side is more urgent. I'll be finishing up in the workshop, so please let me know."

"Thank you."

"No thank you! I've never had such an interesting work in my life! Damn it! If you do this again next time, please do it for me a favor."

As he approached with a smile, he looked at the eyes around him and said carefully.

"Look forward to it. I've got a bunch of amazing guys in store for you know what?"

He patted me on the back and left me behind, and I wiped my smile and opened my mouth.

"Guide him. Where is he now?"

"It's in the woods. Emilia used to live in the New World, so I don't think she'll be able to calm down in this human-filled land."

I nodded silently at her words.

* * *

"Emilya, the Three Tides."

The word "three trillion won" is used for certain classes that exist in the Elves.

"Hey, dude!"

E.L.Fs welcome me as soon as they enter the forest.

And the one who rushed out and hugged as if he had been waiting between them was none other than Muu.

"Oh, my God, I get taller every time I see Mew."

I haven't seen him in a long time.

Mew has definitely become healthier than ever before.

"Hey! Why did you leave your muu behind and go away?""

"Huh?"

"I missed Mueu!"

Eurya smiled and reached out her hand as she sobbed and soothed the man who punched me in the chest.

"Muu, you can't do that to Eun-gong. Come here."

"Heeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeo... ..See ya!"

I tilted my head at the sight of Mew digging into my arms in a fright. He was a muu who lived in the arms of Yuri.

I didn't know why such a guy was so afraid of Yuri.

"Uh... Sister Mu, it's your fault!"

"Come here."

"Please... Please."

The man, who rolled his eyes in embarrassment, soon withdrew as if he were starting a game.

"Hi, Silver."

"Oh. Long time no see."

Verdisra was a young man from the Elf Guardian.

He smiled bitter smile at my smile.

"By the way, what's wrong with him?"

"That's... "

Cloudy at the end of his speech, he looked at Yuri's face.

What happened in the meantime.

"You're too much. Everyone, I was just trying to teach Mew a profound world of tea."

"I get it. Mew, do you want to stay on the land with me for a while?"

"Yes! Yes! I want to go to a place with a big mue! I want to go to a big and pretty place! And oh... and! Hongdan! Hongdan and Chengdan!

As if responding to his words, two swords filled in his waist returned to the shape of the child, emitting light.

"Wow! Qingdao! Hongdan!

"Laugh out loud! Moo!!"

Looking at the excited, hugging and jumping around, it seemed like they would get along well.

"Hongdan is playing well with Chengdu and Muu."

"Yes!"

When I gently pinched the cheeks of those who answered in unison, Lünne hid behind me without saying a word.

"Lune?"

"Lu... ...Luene, follow Davey. Lünne strongly evaluates this... ...with no strings attached, no strings attached!"

Lünne trembled as if she had foreseen her future.

I didn't sacrifice him because I just needed him a little.

It was none other than the inside of the forest, where Muu lived in the past. A place that is located away from the village but can be reached at any time.

It was also a lonely forest with no owner anymore.

"Yuri, Eun-gong is here."

"What's Emilia doing?"

"Well... ..you keep communicating with the spirits."

"Okay, good job."

Passing through the purple plant and the shady tree, I saw an emerald-haired girl sitting on a large wooden huddle smiling at the beams in the air with one hand.

"First of all, I've deceived this place as a small elf village on the continent."

"Why?"

"He's a good bully, but it's hard to escape, right? Cook, cook."

Is that the elf that deals with my ancestors?

"Dear Emily."

It was not long before Yuri slowly approached her and called her, and the girl, who was communicating with the spirit without a word, slowly turned her head.

Then he looked at Uriah and found me and opened his eyes.

"Huh?! This... ...human?"

Frustrated, she reached for arms from her waistline.

but

Sadly, she was disarmed and had nothing in her hands.

"Uh......Yuria?! What happened?! How could a man be here!"

At her words, I looked at her without a word and strode toward her.

Then he grabbed her head, made eye contact, and frowned.

"Ugh! No... Let go! Man! How rude of you!"

"You're funny."

"Huh?"

Struggling in bewilderment, she rolled her yellow eyes around to avoid making eye contact with me.

But in my eyes, she had a feeling that there was something in her eyes that wasn't Elf's.

My eyes have narrowed down to a rather unfamiliar and familiar reverberation.

"It's..."