213 # 213

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 12 of the Nine

76. A girl who wails with a mask.

The conversation was not long. Unless a small woman named Emilia, a hostage, wakes up, there is no point in waiting.

Upon returning to the Palan Empire, relieved by a smile that didn't feel much false, I looked around in a chaotic atmosphere as soon as I entered the command.

I don't know if the fire rooster caused an accident.

The atmosphere was not in a hurry to regard it as.

The soldiers who were constantly moving were all armed and tense.

This will not happen unless the fight breaks out.

The fire chicken, which left the command and took it to a quiet place so that there was no reason to make a fuss, definitely existed there.

"Fire Chicken."

Beep... Beep?

The eyes of the fire rooster drooping on a large straw mat opened round to my question.

He looks puzzled because he woke up after sleeping well on a warm day.

"What else have you done?"

The one who jumped up to my question stepped back one or two times and soon fluttered his wings, crying.

Then he shook his head desperately to express injustice.

When I saw him rubbing his head on the ground, rubbing his head against the fire that had to burn with dignity, coming to me and putting his head in as if to force him to pet him, I didn't think it was a lie.

"No?"

Beep!

"Yeah, good job."

When I took out the meat I had prepared on my way here from the subspace, he hurriedly bit the meat and stepped away from me.

"Davie, the fire chicken is a very frightening symptom. This is not the right parenting method."

"That's right."

If we raise a human child this way, we will become a parent that will never be again.

but

The new chicken will survive even if I die of old age someday.

Once born and fully grown, the life expectancy of Shin-soo is 600 years, breaking away from the yoke of his parents' lives.

Long live indefinitely under the combination of certain conditions.

If the guy who's going to be here after I'm gone has a ferocious temper.

I will not wait for such a good future.

"You'd better draw the line now."

It's like an animal's hierarchy.

"Why not?"

It wasn't such a pleasant way even when I did it.

"So what's all this mess about?"

"There was a report from the Search party that the body of the Prince of the Palan Empire was found."

"I guess you finally found it."

A girl with an ordinary impression who approached me with a robe smiled back and forth.

The impression is normal, but she is a girl with a bright smile.

However, it was different that they wore high-end lobes and robes with antique and elegant designs, not the usual monotonous white robes.

"What's with that stick? You even put Shin Sung-seok in there."

If the mana is united, the mass of the divine power is called Sinseongseok.

It's the same as the original.

It depends on how you process it, and since you use it under the name of it in the Holy Land, there is no way I will tackle it.

"Hehe, what do you think? Am I a bit of an adult candidate?"

Do I look like a candidate for a saint instead of a saint?

It would be used for this to say that you are not arrogant enough to know your position well.

She was literally a saint by nature.

"Well, you look pretty elegant."

"Blood... ..the prince is not as good at dealing with women as I thought he would be."

"I can't let anyone who lives a bachelor's life say that."

"Yes?"

She opened her eyes round at my words and tilted her head.

"A lifetime of celibacy?"

"Didn't you hear me?"

"Well... I've never heard of that before..."

As he muttered as if he had never known it, he had no idea how blocked the kingdom is.

Neither the saint nor the Pope.

The top authorities of both lines are not allowed to get married.

The reason was simple.

It was because he could be swayed by his spouse's breath.

I didn't feel the necessity of telling her.He seemed to be deliberately quiet, but he seemed to have believed it as soon as he could see how naive he was.

I think Alice, the same sex candidate, knew everything.

"Hmm..."

"That's what you'll find out later. She doesn't have anyone she wants to marry."

"By the way, I didn't know it would take this long to find the body. Well, I'm sorry to say... ..but I'm glad to hear that."

"What's the difference if you feel bitter now? We should be glad we found the body."

When dealing with the work of the Reinfos Alpha in the past.

It was different from the case of Shio Howl, the Ice Property Wizard, who died after being killed by a sudden death by my colleague, Dr. Trev.

It was not long before he died, so there was at least a resurrection, but this time it was different.

As it has been more than a week since the crown prince died officially, it is impossible to fully resuscitate even if my teacher Roaas comes, not me.

Complete resuscitation...

"Why do you think so?"

There is something about the eyes of the sex candidate, Lina, that is very similar to someone else.

Shining eyes like a puppy following its owner.

I mean...

It looks like Amy, who has been looking at me as a land agent and a maid of honor in the past.

"No, I don't know if I can stop Prince Davy..."

"I don't belong to the Holy Land. The Holy Spirit is the role of the Holy Land, and it's your power."

"Is that so...

It's a big event for now.

As the Imperial family of the Empire died, the priests were forced to remove it, but this time, as the saint candidate Lina was here, she was willing to step up and get something more from the Palan Empire.

That's why Seongguk is a place where people live.

"Oh, good boy."

Beep...

Lina, a saint who smiled and approached the fire chicken fearlessly and stroked her beak, had something that naturally made her feel good about her.

And that charm would have made her feel uncomfortable but not hurt her.

That must have been the source of power she has survived so far.

"What if you get bitten?"

"How can such a good boy bite? It's a little bit of a temper, but it's a nice little boy by nature."

It is said that the eyes can see through the essence.

She was unaware that she was already on the threshold of a saint.

It was then.

Booooooooooooooo!!

From far away, a bugle was heard announcing the return of the soldiers.

"You must be back. I'll be right there. Would you like to come with me?"

"I'll have to show you my face."

* * *

In a solemn atmosphere, knights in white armor pulled out their swords and lined up.

Chuck! Chuck! Chuck!

Then, whenever the procession from the gate passed, the sword was moved in a disciplined manner to salute.

Then, starting with seven white horses at the forefront, as many as 10 people were seen walking one step by one with a large coffin in a disciplined manner, as if they were in line with a five and a row.

The figures in the coffin were not usually aristocratic or imperial.

He was the Crown Prince of the Palan Empire, which is called the strongest nation on the continent.

Illina's expression as she led the procession looked more disastrous than she had imagined.

Her expression, which appeared below the circle, was not visible on the outside, but the cold-feeling expression seemed colder than usual.

Is that what masks are like?

The biggest issue left after the death of the Necromans, the main culprit behind the incident, is to recover the body of the Crown Prince of the Palan Empire.

Then, after a long fight, Illina eventually managed to recover my brother's body.

"The body's fine... ..but..."

"But?"

"There wasn't, my heart..."

Compared to other bodies, the crown prince's body was still intact.

Inside the coffin, the body of a man lay beautifully with numerous flowers.

The corruption of the shrines seemed somehow to have been obscured, but now that they have already begun to decay once, it is just a good-looking, good-looking piece of grinder.

"Aurbani, like his father, was an extremely supportive group of peace on the continent."

There shouldn't be a war.

"It was my brother who shouted, "When peace is made, there is room, and if the yoke of hatred is broken, everyone in each country can look at each other in a neutral and unbiased way.""

In the process, they clashed with Salibans and other extremist princes who thought everything for the Palan Empire.

"He was actually the only member of the Imperial family who supported the war completely."

"Weren't we separate?"

"Well, not all the imperial family like me. In fact, most of the imperial families are keeping me in check... ...but thanks to my big brother, there was no big problem."

She was in her position that there was no foolish imperial family to touch her greatly.

She is not called the forbidden corn leaf of the Palan Empire for nothing.

Unlike Arya, the youngest daughter of the Lindis Empire, who was ill and had a history of Suincheon University, she was a very delicate woman who used her strength to shake off all checks and firmly established her position.

"Ilina."

At that time, Salivan slowly approached Illinois, who was staring at the coffin.

"Salivan's brother?"

"Iilina, I'm sorry, but I think your brother's state funeral should be held here, not in the capital."

Illina's eyes were wide open by his words.

"What's that?! No way!"

"No, this is a decision as the next Crown Prince. Don't throw up."

Speaking calmly, he put his hand on Illinois' shoulders.

"Get your hands off me! Do you think this makes sense?! Ha! The next prince?! Is that why you postponed it until your big brother died and you recovered the body that was confirmed to be dead?"

"I'm sorry."

Illina, who was furious, burst into tears as if her sorrow had risen.

She wouldn't have shown such weakness.

When I patted her back without a word, she came to me without knowing who was next to me and burst into tears.

"I will put on makeup in about a week because I need some preparation. Prince Davy, you are not acquainted with my brother... ...but please attend for my brother."

"Hmm...

"I beg of you."

Even in this situation, he made an offer without erasing his original expression, and when I saw Illinois crying silently, I turned away.

* * *

A week

It was neither short nor long.

During that time, Saliban used his authority to respond to a food deal with the blocked Hines estate and sold part of the surplus to Hines, except for the food to be used to help its people.

He seemed unexpectedly unkind, but he kept at least one promise as an empire.

Illinois criticized it for being so cold, but he remained adamant.

The Crown Prince of the Palan Empire was disqualified as a Crown Prince, but he was also a decent man.

"She was so optimistic. One day there will be a world where there will be no war and peace will be maintained... ...and there will be a day when we can work hand in hand with diplomacy, not with spears and swords. I... ...I loved that brother."

Illina murmured with a resigned face as she saw the crown prince's body lying on a large wooden pedestal.

Perhaps because he wanted to cry but tried not to cry next to someone else, he looked skin and bones.

In the meantime, her fraudulent appearance did not lose her light, but rather made her look like a sickly beauty.

"He knew better than anyone else that the world needed too much sacrifice to come. And I knew it was impossible with my own power. I'm the only one who can do that."

Illina glared at him with spiteful eyes at Salivan's mumbling.

"Do you know what sacrifice is?""

Her vehement cry sadly was not heard by the people around her.

Only two people who were right next to the bodies and a few with keen hearing could be heard.

It is not a lie that countless people came as the director of the Crown Prince of the Palan Empire, not anyone else, but because their hearing is not as keen as animals.

"Ilina."

"Let go! I hate Salivan. If I had helped you a little while you were alive... ...I wouldn't have!"

At her cry, Salivan only gave a bitter smile.

"Yes... ...I didn't know anything, but politics isn't as easy as you think. Illina, I'll ask you a question. I have an unspeakable situation, so I hold my brother's state funeral here. If you go up to the capital and do it as you say."

"......"

"If you have a problem then are you confident you can handle it? There is also a limit to seeing that there is no iron."

Life, which cannot be seen as a family, is mixed with each other and glares at each other.

His voice was cold and cold.

While watching the fight between those two.

I spoke to Persehrk without any response or comment.

'It's almost a movie. Persec, do you have any popcorn?'

Your personality is very artistic.

'I know you can use a little bit of physical force, but don't go out of the way.'

You're just gonna wait and see? But I think that's the one you've given her a lot of course.

Unlike the two of them. I'm the remnant of something between the two.

a squeaking sound

When I saw one thing printed in the status window, I clicked my tongue briefly.

[Putting the end of the contamination] the purification of the spirit that has been contaminated and reached the ring of reincarnation the possibility of abnormalities in the orbit of the rotation in the future in the event of non-compliance is high.]

"Pretending to be a threat, but being useless... ..."

I wonder if the nosy subject makes sense.

Or maybe it's the nosy one for me.

The trauma of someone's death lingered longer than I thought.