219 # 219

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 18 of the Nine

"Wow! Whoo!!"

Emilia's tearful expression with her screaming mouth shut was absolutely devastating.

I screamed at the first glass.

I burst into tears at the second glass.

I guess I lost the power to scream in the third glass.

At the end of the fourth round, he seemed to have no idea what went into his mouth with empty eyes.

"Food torture works more than I thought."

There is something called trauma.

People who are not picky about food don't know, but among those who have a hardened appetite, they are extremely resistant to certain foods or ingredients.

Emilia had been nominated as a saint since she was young, so she would not have been able to swallow anything she could to survive.

In addition, even the smallest worm would not have eaten something using it as a material, as it must have been an elf, a species of forest.

Basically, it's not that the elves can't eat meat, but they naturally prefer vegetarian food.

The funny thing was that what I fed her was not the weird car that Yuri boasted, but the regular car.

In the first place, tea with her unique skills was not something I could taste just by touching it.

"It's just green tea and black tea."

That was the funny thing.

"Lünne, the combination of the information remembered, stated that this is the placebo effect. Davey, I think it's very evil."

"How could you be so considerate of your enemies?"

"Right word. But, Lünne, question."

With a tilt of his head, he asked with a blank face.

"The Holy Lady of all time, Emilia the Three Dynasties. I'm sure he complained that he would tell me the information, but he didn't listen to David."

"Yes, there's nothing to listen to."

"But why this inefficient act?"

I pressed his head and stroked his head without saying a word.

"It's not just a car I fed."

Yes, it was just green tea or black tea that I fed Amelia.

Aside from the contents, the effect was not simple at all.

"What do you think about the tears he's crying now?"

"......Lunne, analysis shows no change in visual information. Lünne's questionable assessment of this."

Apparently, Amelia's syphilis radiates extremely intensely through her tears.

but

Somehow now that she saw her tears, Lünne didn't respond.

It's the first time. He didn't see her tears, so it wouldn't work. Now, seeing the tears dripping down, Lünne didn't respond.

"The magic can be engraved on food, watching, listening, or smelling. Keep that in mind."

Simply put, it was a seal.

The conclusion was that her prostitution was too dangerous.

It was safe to say that power beyond common sense would not cover all kinds of life, and that there was virtually no one who could harm her.

Single

Except for me now.

"At this point, it was a stroke of luck that the fire chicken brought him without a problem.'

So I suppressed the power of common sense in her body with the power of sorcery.

"When I die, his sycophancy will be working again."

Where can I die easily?

It's not going to happen.

I still have a lot of things I want to do and many things to do, but I didn't plan on dying early.

As a result, the sorcery in the tea fed several times overlapped with each other, creating a strong beacon, and succeeded in freezing her food temporarily.

"However, I'm not sure yet."

"That's right. We'll have to wait and see."

Emilia is definitely the victim of the world's number Igdrassil. On the contrary, it is Ignacill who knows best how dangerous her power is.

That's why she planted a mana bomb inside her body that could explode anytime.

Sadly, I've even sealed it up. If Igdrasil finds out that she's in my hands because the world number doesn't tell me, it'll be a lot of fun.

Not only Uriah, but also Amelia.

Ignacil had been taken away by the enemy, and two of the bad elves had come into my hands.

After smacking Emilia's cheek looking at the ground with empty eyes, Lünne, who was pinched and examined the response, loosened the rope that had been holding her in and lifted her up like a support.

Lünne was also small, but on the contrary, Emilia was not a big deal, so the act of support itself was not a problem.

"Ina."

"Did you call me?"

"Take him with you."

"The Triad... Emilia..."

"Do you know that?"

She nodded quietly at my question.

"I lived there before I was banished from the Holy Tree. I remember seeing Amelia sleeping in a big crystal."

"Really? Then take care of yourself."

"Do I have to take care of her?"

"What?"

"To kill when you can't use your power..."

"No, I'm putting it on hold now."

Ina's emerald eyes glanced at me as if to grasp my intentions.

"I can't even look at it like that, but I can't get any Stop looking at me."

"You're over-conscious. You know I'm not doing this to get your praise."

"I'm taking you."

At my calm words, he ended up being silent and carrying Emilia on his back from Lünne.

"You take care of it where you tie it up. You'll feel the most comfortable when you see me or the people in this forest. If you whip, you have to feed the carrots to get something."

Emilia's struggle to say is probably mostly false information mixed with lies.

I didn't mean to confuse the information with that information.

"Okay."

There will be no problem with the empty rooms that exist on some of the outer towers of Yeongju-seong.

"And spread some rumors about Amelia. He's in the woods. Igdrasil, who decided he couldn't postpone it any longer..."

I'll move for sure.

And that'll be the time to see the damn rotten tree and the end.

"And if that happens, the E.L.F.'s forest will be invaded..."

"Did you forget what I put here?"

Anna opened her eyes wide at my words.

The Barrier I laid here is the name of someone's dog.

"What are you going to do?"

"Now we have to watch the completion of the world-wide golem. Persec, let's go."

......

The answer is not heard. It looks like a dead body.

He's not dead...

You're not going?'

......go alone.

Unlike Persec, which sank completely, Lünne glistened her eyes.

"Lune, a new replacement. I'm looking forward to it. I appreciate it! Big hope that Davey will fulfill Lünne's desire! Very highly valued! Very! Very highly appreciated!"

If your expectations are too high, you'll be disappointed.

It was Lünne's eyes glistening at what was so good.

* * *

The large amount of funds collected on the land is consumed by the operation of the land.

It's unclear because we didn't even make a separate account.

As a result, the development of the land is rapidly increasing to a point where there is no problem. Due to the welfare of Young Ji-min, the improvement of simple quality of life is rising to the right level.

Continued goodwill is a right.

No matter how much Young Ji-min follows me, it was my judgment that as a human being in the end, there could be unreasonable complaints over time.

Did you say that life is about timing?

Management of land is also timing.

Unlike the world I lived in in my previous life, the land here will remain in power until the end unless there is a big problem.

If there is no big problem in the process and the happiness of the residents of the land is raised as a result, what does it matter if the remaining funds are moved?

I left the forest and came back to the territory, and as soon as I finished the simple paperwork, I immediately went under the wing of Yeongju Castle.

He headed to the underground space where the containment workshop of the Decepticon squadron was located.

Since his contract with King Noah of the Spirit, he has used his power to reinforce and widen the underground space, making the size of the space more sophisticated and wider than before.

"Is this another workshop?"

I put my hand on the big crystal ball without saying a word to Winley's question.

Good luck! Ring!

Soon, the sound of a neat bell rang out with the sound of the wooden band turning. The tightly closed wall moved and the voice began to flow out.

[Open the Avenger Squadron Containment Workshop.]

That's the play!

The tightly closed stone gate began to open and a strange scent began to spread in it.

"Wow... this place feels neat and sophisticated."

Unlike the giant machine shop, the atmosphere of the workshop, which had a slightly different atmosphere, was remote and sophisticated.

There wasn't just a Dwarf there.

There was a gathering of dwaff craftsmen and elf researchers.

"Oh, sir! I've been waiting!"

Elder Golgotha, who came running to me by moving his thrilling legs as if he had been waiting, shook what he had in his hand and smiled.

"Come on! Here it is!"

In the behavior of Elder Golgoda, who showed that he was covered with a large cloth, Winri, who was behind me, opened his eyes in a wonder.

"Orabani! What's this?"

"It's my first time seeing you, isn't it? Look carefully."

After I get a pile of cloth, I flip! I took it off.

At the same time, Winnie's eyes were round.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

It was a bonus that the scream followed.

"Wow... arms! Human arms!"

As he shouted with a look of surprise, he looked confused as to whether his legs had been loosened.

It's inevitable.

It was none other than a slender woman's arm that the elder Golgoda wrapped in a cloth and handed it to me.

It's like a severed arm that doesn't exist above the elbow.

"Organi... ..doing a human experiment here... ..kkkkk!"

After giving a flick on the forehead of the man who asked in a frightened voice, I glanced over the elbow without a word and showed the cross section to Winley.

"Oh, my God!"

Of course, the scream followed again.

WINRI, who was closing her eyes and avoiding her eyes, opened her eyes slightly and glanced at the cross section of her arm.

Then he flinched and opened his eyes wide.

"What the hell is this?"

It was because the cross section of the arm was filled with things that could not be seen as human beings.

A finely woven metal frame and something like rubber filled the stomach.

"Ah! An object like Lünne! Very highly valued!"

Then, Lünne, who knew the situation before Winley, came quickly with her eyes slightly wide open.

"Lu......Luene?"

"An individual like Lünne! Use biological tissue to have skin that resembles a human being!"

His voice was animated, perhaps more than I imagined good mood.

"But... sir, are you okay? Honestly, it can be beautiful in appearance, but it's a mess in power transmission, and it's completely different from the Golem of the Decepticon squadron in durability."

As he said.

The Decepticone formation, made of hard metal and stone with mana, is a formidable one, but its durability is amazing.

On the contrary, the new team's golem was not durable at all.

"You said Lünne's physical strength cannot be reproduced with current technology. Brother, there's a material problem."

"I did. I'm not trying to bring out as much performance as Lün."

If the Decepticon squadron has a role to push forward.

The Golem of the Avengers Squadron is focused on dealing with the forces of dimorphism, not on the physical force.

Mainly

Element magic, sorcery, spirits, commanders, etc.

The simple unit price is higher for these guys.

Exactly the technology used to manufacture these animals was the over-technology technology that existed on this continent.

Alchemy studies that existed at other dimensions with fraudulent ancient technology. Lastly, each mana stone is made by investing an overwhelmingly precise mana arrangement.

"This biological tissue is a mixture of spirits."

Instead of this, it's gums.

The absence of material that cannot be filled yet is filled with spirits or magic.

With the existing energy of spirits with circulating power, simple rubber has transformed like a real human skin.

In my words, Winnie opened her eyes wide to see if she had figured out the structure.

"Bioly tissue with manna... ...Golem using magic."

The brooding fellow opened his eyes wide.

"We've got the first batch. Would you like to take a look?"

Elder Golgoda led me into the workshop.

To be exact, it looks more like a doll workshop than a golem workshop.

Elder Golgoda proudly said, pointing to a mechanical doll sitting in a large chair placed inside the workshop.

Although the skin tissue has not yet been properly attached and does not move with eyes open because only the skeleton remains, the skeleton did not seem to have a sense of incompatibility that felt like a human being.

"Now! This is the first start of the Avengers squadron! She's my first daughter to play a big role in the fight against that crazy tree. I haven't named it yet, but..."

"Do you have a name you want to name?"

"Hmm...well, it's coming. To be honest, I want to give her a pretty name since she's a female."

"Hmm..."

There is a name that has already been decided.

"Annabelle, how do you feel?"

"Annabelle... ...Annabelle... ...a pretty name."