218 # 218

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 17 of the Nine

Sitting comfortably next to the hammock where Amelia fainted, I slowly closed my eyes holding my breath.

"Lünne, mobilize all the Decepticon squadrons. Block the area completely for the time being."

"Davie, is there a lot of mental shock?"

I did stupid things, and then I cursed properly. I beg of you."

"Lunne, the escort mission is also very efficient. This is highly appreciated by Lünne."

Then Lünne closes her eyes and slowly opens.

At the same time, a mysterious voice came out of his mouth with blue eyes.

[Decepticon Squadron orders Lünne's successors] Operation name netting.

Keying!!!

Tickling!

The cubes that bounced off his coat and rose into the air began to take the form of a huge golem, all of which were called in unison.

It was not easy to completely shake off the energy of the once-in-a-lifetime prostitution.

'If the world's capital doesn't have eyes, you know he's got something like that. What were you after?'

Normally, people who have been whispering and expressing their opinions are silent.

"Persek.

She used her spare time to call her, but only silence came back.

How could there have been such an uncomfortable silence for such a long time.

This interval...

A crawling little voice hit my ear.

Pinching at the momentary voice, I could see someone turned their head around and soon saw the horn slightly sticking out from behind the tree disappear.

"You're a fool..."

If you guess the direction of the world's number, it was on the way to the eastern continent.

'That's right.'

Thinking carefully, I could realize where the country was on the path.

The continent's largest and strongest nation.

the kingdom of the Sword

By human standards, the power of the Palan Empire is never negligible.

So

This world number meant that Emilia was going to use her to cook the Palan Empire, knowing that Amelia's prostitution had become stronger than expected.

Argh!!

At that time, when I thought about it, I felt that the blood that was running all over my body was cooling down in a moment.

"How can you say you're not an elf who communicates with yourself, but you're prying? How can it keep coming out even if it's not an onion or an onion?"

Her prostitution comes in favor and favor in light circumstances.

But it was certainly not human being enough to antagonize me for no reason in the Palan Empire.

In other words, World Sue Ignacil intended to unleash the power of the media embedded in her and crush the Palan Empire.

If you're already half-asleep, you won't care about those minor political issues.

If it's just one side effect.

a man completely devoured by overwhelming fascination

In other words, a high-ranking aristocrat or a royal family can't just let her unleash the power of prostitution.

A laugh came out at the tribute to the elf, whom he had cherished like a child.

"What do you think the odds are?"

I heard Persek's crawling voice from behind the tree again when I asked my question.

Ship... ...100%...

"Yes..."

I felt dizzy when there was a strange atmosphere between her and me.

Have you ever done this before?

When I first met her, they were wary of each other and hostile toward each other.

Since then, they have exchanged opinions with each other's opinions.

How did we end up in this situation?

"But you wouldn't have sent a time bomb like this alone."

He seems to not know that the power of fascination is immensely hidden.

If so, it would be a moment for a major disaster to happen unless the government can control it.

Human beings, they're not picky about animals.

Should I cover it as a monster?

Her presence was literally a huge time bomb.

Companion. It's a good chance......

"Come out, come out and talk, I can't hear you."

Despite what I said, she didn't show up.

In the end, when I bouncing one hand, the tree that was covering her fell apart.

There's nothing strange about being criticized for being quite ignorant.

It is almost a miracle to speak when you are in the morning.

I can't move, what can I do?

Oh! Oh...

When I squinted at Persek's embarrassed voice and looked at her, she covered her face with both hands as if she had committed a crime and hid under a broken tree.

Later... ...talk to me later, Davey.

"......"

Once again, when there was a subtle atmosphere, I thought it was hard to hurry her anymore.

"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

It was then.

Emilia, who had passed out quietly, grabbed her back neck and began to wake up slowly, moaning.

"Huh...is this... ...hot!

Sighing with a blank face, she soon mumbled with a blank look as if she had found me sitting in front of her.

Then, he took a backward step with his eyes wide open for a moment.

Whirring!

"Huh?!

However, due to the nature of the hammock, if the sitting person moves the center of gravity...

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

"......"

Kimbap makes sense in an instant.

Looking at the appearance of being trapped by a hammock, one can clearly see that he is quite fierce.

Although his body type is small, what good is he doing in front of the power of a hawk that refuses common sense?

If it affects me who simply transcends human beings, it will have a near disaster effect on the general public.

"Lune."

A nearby tree rustled and a silver-haired girl lightly landed on the floor as she quietly called Lünne.

Then he pulled a large beam of sword out of the back of his right arm and cut off one end of the hammock neatly.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Emilia, who screamed and fell to the floor, struggled to escape from a hammock made of nets and made a teary face.

And even though it was my fault, he stared at me as much as he could and poked his mouth.

You're fearless.

A hostage who now has the treatment of his life in every act.

"It's a tough situation."

It is almost a insult to the beautiful women in this world.

It cannot be wrong to say that beauty is enough to tilt the country. To be exact, she is more of a presence than her beauty.

If she decides and starts spraying the power of prostitution, it will be a moment for her to be engulfed in this continent and battlefield.

What do I do?

The game is over as soon as she shows up in a place where influential people gather from more than two empires and throws a plum.

They'll be thrilled if she doesn't do anything.

I'm going to make a mess to get rid of the competition.

Leave that risk alone?

You can't kill him. Davey...

It was then.

Over the east of the broken tree, Persek carefully held out his head.

Unstable. The world can't have let it go. I'm sure there's a big problem with her...

I suddenly nodded at her words.

She is a saint of the old generation.

Of course, there was a lot of memories and information about the Holy Land in her head.

What if something goes wrong?

If I were the world's number, and I was using Emilia as a prop...

She would have planted a large bomb behind the power of the falcon hidden inside her.

The moment things go wrong.

They will fly away, including the area around themselves.

Protect the elves' high self-esteem, do great damage to humans. Information can also be kept.

Although it was not properly identified because of the light of the medium, Persek knew about the trap of the medium, so he could see what was behind it.

"Gyeonggukji"? What does that mean?"

It means a beauty that will tilt the country."

"Why do you say that all of a sudden..."

"You're in that situation."

Her face frown at my words.

"It's terrible."

"Are you uncomfortable? Do you have a conscience?"

"You've been like that before, and what's wrong with you?"

"Don't yell. Because my head is ringing."

Gradually, I got up slowly, combing the decreasing rhyme, grabbed her by the collar and drove her into a tree.

"Huh?"

"You don't even know what your body is like, and you're walking around without fear?"

"What's that......"

"What did the World Sue say when she sent you to the Palan Empire?"

Speculation and confirmation are different. Persek's opinion would be nearly nine out of ten, but he had to be cautious as he had been done without preparation.

"C... you..."

"It's about time you figured out where I am, who I am, right?"

"No way..."

"Yes, it's David O'Loon who's grinding his teeth to kill you."

Her eyes opened wide at my words.

"You don't seem to have any idea what you're up to. In other words, the moment you see tears in front of a man, the moment a war breaks out on the continent."

"What's that... ..."

"Mae-pae. The magpies hidden in your body are going beyond the limits and are getting stronger."

It was embarrassing to know exactly that she had been caught in the middle of the enemy's camp, but her face was seriously wrinkled, perhaps because she heard that she had such absurd power in her body.

She wouldn't have come out of the forest to contact me in the first place.

I came out of the forest to carry out an interim operation, but I was suddenly attacked, and when I came to my senses, the enemy's head was in front of me.

There is no way not to panic.

Soon after I let her go, I lightly set up the teacup that Yuri was making on a table made of wooden ong.

"You're a hostage now. And I'm going to get everything out of you that's in the head of the world Sue Ignacil."

You don't have to tell the truth. I'll do the puzzle, you can just tell me everything you don't know.

You might feel sorry for her.

She's also a throwaway from the world.

But I knew best that the world was not light enough to show mercy to the enemy.

Do you think I'm gonna say it?"

She kept avoiding her eyes with fear, but she remained proud.

It's all good. It's definitely not bad.

Yes, that's the only way to get motivated.

"Then let's have a peaceful tea and talk."

The tea cup filled with hot water prepared with a slur, and the fragrance began to come up.

"What the hell are you..."

"Oh, but don't be too fond of it. I'm telling you, the head of this forest, she's too much of a challenger."

She looked questionable because she didn't understand me.

"It's a car with crickets wings."

"What? Ear... ...crickets?!"

I nodded my head to her in a look of surprise.

"From now on, I will feed you this. But if you don't answer."

"......"

"Next, we will feed the tea made from the liquid made from a mass of mantis eyeballs that has been aged for a long time and hardened."

"Mi... ...crazy!"

"You're gonna scare me with that? For your information, some of the cockroach eggs were sterilized, dried, and cooked."

It's unusual for him to try.

Her expression began to turn pale as if she were waking up in the morning and talking too naturally as if she were having breakfast.

"Lune, hold it."

"...Lunne, do you underestimate David's personality? It is highly likely to cause a very serious error in the stomach."

Lune, who looks for food every time while singing taste data songs, is also resistant to her unique expression of no expression.

However, even though he said so, he grabbed Amelia's arms and legs in an instant and put her under control and knelt down.

Of course, Emilia, exposed to the situation, struggles all over with a blue face.

"Don't worry, the taste and aroma were amazing."

"E...I'll tell you! So stop!!"

You're not going to tell me? Well, it's okay. There's plenty of time, and there's no Elf coming to save you."

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

I don't know anyone else, but I've had the experience of drinking most of her tea because I have a good stomach.

To be honest with you, it tastes better than you think.