212 # 212

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 11 of the Nine

A thin, huge roar covered the entire forest.

At the same time, as if representing the will of the fire chicken, the burning flames intensified and created a huge wave of flames around the area.

The fire chicken was literally excited.

And he was furious.

Anger flared up at the beings who attacked him first.

I was glad that I had the opportunity to scream excitedly without holding back my anger.

Nothing here can stop you!

So you are not born weak!

I am a great new master! Spiritual and clever creature!

Garnish!!

Flapping his huge flame wings and revealing his presence again, the fire chicken looked at the two men and women gasping for breath, trampling on a creature of water droplets blocking their way.

The surrounding situation is so bad that it is difficult for oxygen to burn and even breathe.

But there was no better situation for a fire chicken than this.

The fire rooster is the master of fire.

Of course, the more fire there is, the better the environment will be for the fire rooster.

"Monster... ...monster."

When a man with long ears muttered in a tired voice, the fire chicken breathed out.

Then he flapped his wings and floated the huge body lightly, and soon he opened his beak and began collecting super-heated chunks of energy in his mouth.

Crying!!

It was a moment when the light was shot.

In an instant, a mass of energy swept through the ground and targeted the two, and the light turned red from the ground where it touched, and a high-temperature flame soon erupted.

It is strong enough to melt the ground that cannot withstand a strong shot.

Reflecting on this, a long-eared man caught a woman and threw himself away.

Crying!!

Of course, a single use of a Bress does not mean you should not use it twice.

Again, a high-temperature beam flew in and the trees were cut off as if they had swept away a sword made of light.

"Uh... ..Yurgen!"

"I can't even get my hands on the damn spirit of high water!"

"It's dangerous. Run for now."

"No! Don't forget our mission. We must go to the Palan Empire, the human empire, and subdue the man who cursed the mother of God!"

The fire chicken's eyes narrowed at the man's cry.

I understand what you're saying, but I honestly didn't know what you were talking about.

Above all.

to have no interest

What's important is that they've touched his temper!

Oh, I don't know. Burn it all!

Gosh, geez, geez, geez, geez!

Once again, a great roar reverberated around.

"But he's too strong!"

"Oh, my God!"

Then he shouted and took out a cane from the girl's side.

"Get out of here first! You're too strong!"

A unique light begins to flow out of the girl's cane, which she shouted urgently.

At the same time, the fire rooster, who noticed a subtle strangeity, held Bresse again.

Then, he released a strong beam of light and flew up with a bright red flame.

Then he flew in like a lightning bolt and bit the back of one of the two humans.

"Emily!"

At the frightened man's cry, the fire chicken bit the collar and shook the little girl, who lifted her into the air, to faint her, and trampled on the man.

You can't kill innocent people?

He's the one who attacked him.

Burn him for now!

There is a long-eared human woman in her mouth, so Bres can't shoot.

Of course, I'm not confident that I can't do anything without Bresse!

The fire rooster fluttered its wings as it flew into the air.

Currrrmrrrrrrrrrrrrr...

At the same time, clouds in the sky in a narrow area began to turn black and fireballs began to fall from there.

A man called Jurgen made a desolate expression on the attack with visuals that made his mind faint.

"Oh, my God... where is that monster..."

Seeing the rain of fire pouring from the sky, he reached out vainly and pointed to a girl shaking with a lobbed bite in the mouth of a fire chicken, but he soon poured out and took a step toward ignoring the flames that would burn his body completely.

And

Push it!

Suddenly, all the flames that turned the surrounding area into a hell of fire disappeared for a moment.

The chicken's face hardened once.

There wasn't much signal.

I could just see by instinct.

If you don't go back right now, you'll be in big trouble.

The reflexively turned fire chicken began to turn and fly at a furious speed, forgetting who was being bitten by my mouth and shaking.

* * *

"I tried to kill my temper, but as soon as I sent him for a walk, he's solving it."

Animals, new things, free beings, how long did you think you could suppress that instinct?"

"...that's true. Especially, the fire chicken is still young."

There is little difference in physical size compared to adult adults.

However, on the contrary, the mind is still very young.

I already knew that if I pressed it down, the consequences would be great.

So I sent it.

As he was the master of anger, he needed a proper way to release his anger.

After you grow up, you can control it yourself and not just vent your anger, but you still want something too big for a child to wish for that.

I grinned and raised my hand as I watched him fly away in a hurry, showing his red presence from afar.

Whoo!

And

When the fire chicken arrived before me, he looked at me with trembling eyes, threw what he had in his mouth on the floor, ran to me and pushed his beak in.

He seemed determined to act cute to appease him before he was hit, but he was determined to smite him.

Ears... Cute...

The former king, who understood the behavior first, giggled to see if such a fire chicken's behavior was cute, and Lünne made a strangely pointed expression.

I want to tell Shin-soo not to be jealous, but he was the first one who rushed recklessly to pat his beak.

"Yes, our fire rooster."

When I called him in person, I felt a slight but trembling.

I think the fear itself is clearly engraved.

"Have you had a good time?"

Kk.Kkk...Kkkkkkk...

The way he rubbed his beak into my hand with a weak sound made me laugh.

They're quite the newcomers I like when I kill them all.

When he supported his chin with his left hand and gently swept his beak's back with his right hand, he began to feel relief and languor in his eyes at the same time.

"By the way, you mean?"

It was then.

His body flinched when a small murmur came out of my mouth.

"What's that charcoal soot?"

My words stopped the fire chicken from acting.

It looks like charcoal soot.

However, it was apparent that the Spirit Manna was protecting the one who was covering the lump of charcoal.

"I must have told you not to attack anyone."

Beep! Beep! Beep!

Is it because of the voice that came out of my mouth when my smile disappeared?

The fire rooster screamed like crazy and flapped its wings.

Then he finally turned around, showed his back on the floor, showed his belly, and twisted his body around as if he were complaining.

Cook...

"......"

If he can't turn back, he will act cute as much as he can.

Watching Shin-soo's pride and everything, acting cute, I couldn't help but be scared.

Finally, after scratching his neck gently, I approached him slowly without hesitation.

Then he glanced at Rob and wiped the smile off completely.

"......"

Davy? What did you see... oh, my God.

She flew in wonderfully and opened her eyes wide after confirming that she had taken off the robe.

Illina, who was blushing as she watched the fire chicken's cute action, approached slowly and opened her eyes wide.

Elf......?

"Why is the elf here?"

I couldn't get rid of the feeling of a little embarrassment.

Then I snatched the girl's back and muttered.

There is one person in the Hines estate who knows Elphra better than anyone else.

"I have to go back to Hines for a while."

Lünne, who blinked at my words, rushed over and clung to my legs.

You're going back to the Hines? Here? How?"

"Like this."

Whoo!

When a huge wind pressure occurred with my words and a magic camp was formed, Illina stepped back with the expression, "That's right."

"Yeah... ...I'm going to ask someone who needs common sense... ...go. I'm going to go back now."

Turning around without regret, I went beyond the space.

* * *

"Oh! Silver Prince?"

If it's been a while, I'll say it's been a while.

Eurya Helicana, who was savoring tea silently inside a quiet nature-friendly room, looked at me with her eyes wide open.

Apparently, her residence was a small and beautiful tree house located in the center of the Elves' residential area.

The horse was a wooden house, but it was also a mixture of Elf's unique architectural techniques, which made the surface strength almost metal-class.

As a nature-friendly species, they kept their own culture well.

"How was your trip?"

"Well, it's been settled in moderately. There's nothing we can do about soaring food prices right now, but we've got a better one."

I was able to get out the lines and bells.

I was allowed to exist in the struggle with the goddess of the Lord's Priya.

Shin-soo goes beyond the concept of a simple summoner.

If I am in a state of contract with a masterpiece as much as a masterpiece is in charge of fire, my fire-related sorcery or magic becomes strong and diverse as the masterpiece becomes stronger.

If you are a blue dragon, you will be able to use magic or magic related to brain-like wind speed.

Current business is water.

Baekho is the land.

It is a simple example, but the unlock of the dead body also means that.

"I'm sorry I came all of a sudden. I have a matter to discuss."

Even though it was unpleasant to suddenly enter his house, Yuria picked up the tea cup next to him and handed it to me as if it was good.

"That's a good thing happened. I have a new car that I want to show to the silver."

"What's the material?"

"Hehe."

He smiles and blurs the end of his speech.

"Looking at you eating, I'm going to abide by the taste itself."

Then he gulped it down, and his mouth was filled with a different subtle scent than before.

"What did you put in?"

"I cut the peppermint ant's skin a little bit."

"It's getting weird."

She giggled when she burst into a laugh.

"Why doesn't anyone recognize my taste? The same goes for Mew. It's not even a car that looks weird."

"And what about him?"

"Kook, he ran away. It was so cute to walk backward while talking gibberish."

Apparently, he jumped out of his mouth because he didn't want to drink tea.

It seems that Uria is living with Mew now.

Soon after, I threw a faint little girl in front of her, with a chat with her behind her.

"Oh, my God."

"Do you know him?"

She was silent to my question.

"The Triad... ...Emily... ...that can't be..."

With her eyes wide open, she sprang up.

Then he ran and checked her condition and looked up at me.

"What's going on?!"

My eyes narrowed at the bewildered.

"Who do you know?"

"Former... ..of the Holy Tree... ...I've heard that the old Shindong fell asleep with the Shindong..."

"Emilya the Great"?"

"...that's right. The mark on your forehead is a mark given to the elves who share the god and life."

As Yuri said, which refers to a half-lighted trace, the girl's forehead was engraved with a half-clouded design of the moon.

"When you first become a saint of the New Tree, you have the form of a crescent moon. It's getting bigger and bigger. Sanghyeon, Manwol, Hahyeon...It changes in the order of syllables. Emilia, the Three Tides, is a moon because the will of the former world leader was about to end his life expectancy."

The life expectancy of an elf averages 200 years, or 500 years, in special cases.

It's a very unique case, and this girl named Emilia, the Triad, was like that.

Of course, for this generation of elves, the will of the world's greatest generation was just something that would appear in history.

The appearance of Emilia, the crown of King Samjo, was not surprising to see her sleeping in the crystal present in the report of the New Tree since she was a child.

"How, is Amelia out there? Besides…"

"I don't know. The fire chicken caught it, so this is the end of the story. This little Emilia is a new elf."

"That's technically true."

"Okay, then you're a hostage."

She giggled at my words.

"You're so reckless. But I will follow the silver ball. If possible, I'll keep an eye on him and take care of him. I've never seen him open his eyes in my life."

I turned my head away from her words.

"Yes, when you wake up, call the phone number."

"Yes, sir. See you, Silver."

"Any inconvenience?"

"Dwaffes helped me a lot. They were so antagonistic to each other, but... Well, this isn't bad either."