210 # 210

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Nine volumes and nine episodes

The density of mana, which is abundant in the Tionis continent, is very high.

Compared to the world's standards, which used to be on the high side of Manna on average, the figure was nearly 10 times, so this was the world where all humans lived with Manna to some extent.

Of course, with Manna, it's a little different from the fact that Manna is rich.

"Something's... something's frustrating..."

Illina's response to complaining about the subtle frustration of her stomach was normal.

When there is a lot of smoke in a clear place, people who live there naturally realize that the air has become strange.

Illina's expression gradually frown as new forces, which did not exist in color, sound, or smell, began to dominate the area.

"Davie! What the hell are you doing?""

Instead of answering her gasping question with her chest clenched, I called Lünne, who had a silent, expressionless face.

"Lune."

Instead of answering, he looked at a guy with a small head and asked for a simple request.

"Go get some gas. Put it in a pot so that it can boil. If it takes a lot of work, I'll get some help."

"Lunne, with very high muscle strength figures, determined to be very suitable for David's command. This is highly appreciated by Lünne. We don't need any help."

The guy who talks with his slender arms twirling looks like he's just being brave.

Even if it looks like that, it has the muscle power to hold hundreds of kilograms in one hand and swing them around.

Lünne is.

It's biological golem in the first place.

You might have wondered what I said, but Lünne didn't.

"Yes, highly appreciated."

He was thirsty for praise even in peacetime. I'm not asking for that kind of compliment simply because you want me to praise you.

Lünne wants you to trust her completely.

"Who do I trust more than Lünne?'

That's not it.

My compliment was satisfactory, and he blinked his eyes and quickly disappeared.

"It's called magic."

"Do... alcohol?"

"To put it simply, it's a force that humans have created to protect themselves."

If the Elves are a good spiritist.

Man has the presence of magic.

Aren't we getting too much?

So there was no magic in the land of Tionis, where God exists.

Manna is thin. Threats are coming from all sides.

There is no God to protect.

Humans had to emulate the power of other races to survive.

It's human race characteristics to copy and make something.

The hero who taught me magic was a man of the world like Cheonma Dokgojun, who taught me martial arts and swordsmanship.

However, unlike the land mass where Dokgojun lived, he came from the continent where monsters were prevalent.

In order to overcome the miserable reality of humans, which is almost extinct, the old books borrowed and combined the records left by their ancestors to create something called magic.

Sasinsoo is in a sense similar to an artificial spirit.

If Noah, the Spirit King, saw them, it would have been obvious.

Whoo...

"Huh?! It's hot!"

In the sudden heat, Illina faltered a couple of steps.

The huge fireball heated up the surroundings as if it were showing its true character, and soon began to make huge flowers made of flames in the air as if it had its own will.

Although the buds are still in full bloom, the summons itself began to feel quite successful.

"Fireworks?"

"Um......."

She asked with a more comfortable face as she pulled Illinois behind her back to prevent exposure to heat and pulled up the power inside her body.

"It's done."

"The power that only humans have..." I've never heard of this."

"Very far from here."

She looked at me with round eyes at my explanation.

"In a land without God, mana was the only power that man could handle."

It is extremely rare, so it takes decades of training to produce only a few years of training here.

"That's the land?"

"Yes."

"That can't be... ...no matter where you go on the land of Tionis, there's no shortage of manna. On the contrary, the mana density of the land we're on right now is on the low side."

Her question was natural.

"It's because I'm not a Tionis."

"What are you talking about?"

She sighed as if she thought I was talking nonsense.

"So? That's what he built to protect humans? It looks like it's just a flower made of flame."

At the same time as the question began to change.

The tightly rolled buds slowly spread out, and the red flames began to swim like a giant electron movement.

And

When the buds that were emitting light in the hot heat were in full bloom.

"Oh... it's beautiful."

In front of her, a giant firebird that looked 10 meters tall revealed its grandeur and let out a huge roar.

Gosh, geeks!

"Oh... it's dirty."

However, apart from Ilina, who was staring blankly at the masterpiece of the flames, my face was frowned endlessly.

Fireworks that shoot out senselessly, and a huge roar that signals my existence.

When I compare the habits of the masterpieces I know.

He is as scared as he is just born.

* * *

Gosh! Gosh!

As the roaring of the giant flame-covered bird continued, Illinois closed her ears and frowned slightly, probably because of a headache.

"I can't believe it."

At the same time, lift the amulet between the index finger and the stop to raise the force.

Everything that is done by magic must be done by magic.

The act of simply burning an amulet.

At the same time, the red flame burns the scroll and the color begins to turn pale green.

Flaming!!

[grade 3 amulet.]

[Dr. Park's seal]

The lower the number, the better, so the lower the grade 3, the lower the level.

Even if he is just born, he will die.

As the power from the beginning is not normal, it should be this much.

Slurping!!

As the talisman burned for a moment and the huge chains began to roam around me, I blew it away without regret and tied the whole body of the masterpiece tightly to the floor.

Sigh! Sigh!

"Davie? What are you doing?""

When I tied up the person I summoned and threw him away, I heard a voice of surprise.

If we don`t catch it from the beginning, we won`t be able to catch that fire maniac."

"F... ...fireproof?"

"The character of a masterpiece is very dirty."

If he grows up and his personality hardens, then there will be no answer.

Of course, there's no business in front of the cane.

Is it necessary to endure such a nuisance?

Sigh! Sigh!

The man, who was stuck on the floor and roared at me, began to have flames in his mouth to attack me like that.

The human desire to create a masterpiece is a stark anger.

As much as it was made out of that anger, he has a unique temper.

Anger control disorder.

It would be the master's ability to use magic to turn this into [good anger control].

"It's noisy."

Gosh, geez!

As soon as the huge ultra-high heat of the brain was released to me with an angry roar, I took out another charm and burned it as if I had waited.

[3rd Class Amulet]

[Solars]

Paang!!

As if he had not existed from the beginning, his body was once again greatly shaken by the flame brain that disappeared for a moment.

Even if it's a masterpiece that lives on its own merits, it's a new series of wishes.

It wouldn't have been difficult to feel that something was going wrong as a clever artifact.

In an instant, I took out two more amulets and threw them into the air to pressure him.

Coooooooong!

Beep... ...beep- Beep!

At the same time, something intangible began to weigh on his body, and eventually the desperate cry of a dying bird came out of his mouth instead of the intense roar.

"Come on, my buldak, you'll get in trouble if you don't listen."

When I approached him and reached out my hand, the flames were reflected.

It's bound to be ridiculous.

The noble Shin-su is being held and lynched by a summoner, so it is just amazing for Shin-su.

It seems as though I am trying to stop him from approaching me by somehow pulling up the flames, but I ignored his resistance and put an amulet on his head.

"It's a seal, you bastard."

Slap!

Gosh, geez!

The flames that had been burning all over the frightened and struggling body slowly begin to extinguish.

At the same time, all he had left was shiny red feathers.

Crying... Crying!!

He somehow complained of injustice, saying, "I can't do this," but he seemed to be not up to the point of having a conversation like a young rookie who was just born.

"Davie, the oil cooker I told you about is complete."

Just in time, Lünne said, dragging a large cart with one hand.

"Well done, Lünne."

"Lune, very laid back work. More mission accomplishments are possible. value this highly"

"Yeah, right now, just look around."

"I think you're very low."

With his mouth pouting and backing away, I made eye contact with the masterpiece again.

"Our fire rooster."

Yikes!!!

He struggles as if not to call it by that name.

"I need your strength."

Instead of answering, it was an angry roar.

"I know you're easily angry and proud, but if you don't listen to me like this, I'll get in trouble."

Smiling, I tapped him on the head and stroked him gently.

Then he gently stroked his beak and his body began to tremble.

You think I've dealt with young rookies once or twice.

[Davie, remember this] Shin-soo, you know. have a very foul temper Hyunmoo bites at random, Blue Dragon is ferocious, Baekho has a nasty temper, and among them, the masterpiece has the best anger control disorder.]

Having a good memory is good in many ways.

So the first thing you need to learn to deal with is how to kill Shin-soo's energy when you summon him for you one day. Look at me. I let you go, and you're going crazy.]

"Like a brother?"

[You bastard!]

The best solution for the mastermind is to destroy his pride.

Although it is the masterpiece of fire.

The body of the man who lost the fire is not completely resistant.

"My Rooster, if you don't listen... "

After I stopped talking, I sent Mana into the pot that Lünne had brought, coated it, and raised the temperature.

At the same time, the oil in it started to boil all at once and start to emit hot heat.

"I'm going to twist my neck and pluck out all the feathers and make it chicken."

chicken

I don't know what you mean, masterpiece. The movement of the fire rooster flickered very momentarily.

"Well, why don't you take an oil bath? It can be fried very hot."

...Kiss!!

I'm struggling not to talk nonsense, but I already have the initiative.

"What? No seasoning? Don't worry. I'm good at cooking things that don't bother me."

As I ate anything I could, the taste naturally dropped to the level I gave up.

One of your ideal types is a woman who cooks well. That's where it comes from.

Ignore it.

Gosh, geez!

It seems like I was screaming with a different intention, but I kept ignoring his words and grabbed his wings and dragged him slowly to the oil cooker.

"You're not going to listen? There is nothing I can do. Our fire rooster. I'm sorry, but I'll cook it deliciously. They'll make it very spicy."

With a blue face, the rooster began to struggle crazily as it got closer to its thick skin.

Boom!

And when the distance is a little closer.

I kicked the pot as if I had made a mistake and spilled some of the oil right next to the fire chicken.

It was a scene where I thought the bird's eyes could expand like that.

I thought I'd listen to you if I did this way.

Crying?!

"Oh, no... there's a little bit of oil?"