226 # 226

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 25 of the Nine Books

The spheres of white salt from the sky have now fallen into an oval typhoon rather than a sphere.

The size was a little bigger in a soccer ball.

Due to the power of the first month's end, the increased size has become a huge size that cannot be considered a soccer ball.

Boom! Boom!

The sphere of the white light, which rose high in the sky, soon split into dozens and began to fall toward the ground.

The goal of the White Yeomgu is to all the sacred places of the New Year.

Of course, the elves who were not prepared for the moment all those fireballs fell will be burned to ashes in a moment.

"Cough!"

When I coughed up a bitter cough and wiped off my mouth, something red popped out of a nearby tree.

My precious blood.

Later, I threw in the air the end of the first month that I had in my hand without regret.

Ugh! That ghost!

"I can't use it for a while."

The staff is the staff.

You can't expect element magic in the fight against Igdracil now that the manna is exhausted.

Instead of the end of the first month that disappears over space, I pulled out Hongdan and Cheongdan toward the direction of the sphere of the white light falling from the sky.

Davey?! Black is basically an element mana...

There's no reason not to use it just because it's a commanding man.'

My heart is now using a system similar to an engine.

Most mana make circles and go back in the bloodstream that rotates the whole body.

Basically, when element magic is used, it is rotated by inserting the gear of the element mana into a circle built in the heart.

The problem is that there is no mana enough to handle a sword because most of the mana that was in the body was used.

Then, instead of Mana, we have to use Manna as a substitute for Manna, which has the same source.

The atmosphere around me began to change when the two swords held in my hand were raised.

He has the same threatening power as a sword. They're more lethal to the world than to the sword.

These two guys are going to be a little difficult for you, too.

The world leader, who was away from me, used his power without hesitation to snatch and block the numerous white-salt spheres that fell into the sacred place of the New Tree.

It was almost absurd to hold onto a lump of flames that burned everything with trees.

As if it was not a world number, the power of the world's number to create and swallow leaves by twisting an oval sphere as if it were not a world number was truly egregious.

Of course I wasn't the one to watch it.

"You think I'm gonna let it go?"

Coooooooong!

A strong-powered advance mash the ground for a moment and twist.

Hong Dan-yi's body, which has gravity to the limit, has been shaking without hesitation.

[Division of the black sword]

Whack!!

Instead of the usual red and blue air currents, a unified black sword occurred, giving off a chill and a sense of pressure that seemed to freeze.

Some of the branches of the world's trees that rose to protect the sacred land of the new tree were cut off without hesitation.

[Shameless!!]

Dozens of thick branches that popped out from all directions dug in to pressure me, with the cry of Igdrasil, staring fiercely.

Screechuck!!

Oh, my God!

Hongdan's body trembled with considerable resistance, but it didn't work at all.

[I thought it would break easily!]

I used to hang in there. Let's see how long he'll last.

Although he survived the attack without any difficulty at the first shot, there seemed to have been no answer to the continued offensive.

A thin but extremely hard surface of the crystal formed cracks and began to slowly crack.

Whack!

And thanks to such sabotage.

The number of worlds eventually failed to stop all of the spheres.

Along with a huge explosion, the light of the white light broke a huge chain and crashed into a new wooden giant.

Coooooooong!

Boom!

Some of the huge trees begin to burn.

The huge tree trunk quickly burned black, burning down until the sphere of the white salt was extinguished.

The Holy Land of God could not be protected from my attack as long as the solidarity was broken.

Originally, the white goat should have hit not only the main body of the new tree but also the entire Holy Land.

Ignacill snatched and picked up all those white-collar workers and took all the attacks that fell head-on to the new tree.

"Lune, Decepticon squadron ready for saturation. The goal is the main body of world numbers. Blow it without mercy."

"Mission accomplishment."

The man who nodded calmly at my words flashed blue eyes.

Elder Brain command month. Each squadron-class gas uses all saturation.

The ring that was floating on his head grows and starts to rotate quickly.

Lumber the big trees.]

Boom!!

The shelling of golem, which had been waiting in advance, began to pour into the body of the new tree.

* * *

the home of the elf

the Holy Land of the World's Numbers

In the aftermath of the attack that the forest residents cared for as much as their lives could not prevent, it collapsed and burned.

It was quite a small blow compared to the attack, but it was a bolt from the blue for the elves who lived in peace.

Screaming and running away in fear were full of elves.

Screechuck!!

A flash of red light cut down the huge trees that were blocking the road ahead.

"At this point, I feel like the devil who destroys peace."

I didn't feel good.

All hands! Pull the bow! Kill the intruder! You can't let your foot in this holy place anymore!"

Hundreds of arrows containing the power of spirits flew at me in unison with cries from all directions.

The arrows that gloated and penetrated as if they were alive were threatening.

However, I didn't stop walking towards the direction of the arrow and stuck Hongdan's body on the floor.

Coooooooong!

Then, he poured a lot of energy into creating a huge caldron.

"Huh?!"

"What's that?!"

Whoo!

The black swords, which were applied as if they were being bombed for an instant, were cut off with a wooden rod, smashed the arrows in unison and attacked them.

Boom!!!

At the same time, when the artillery bombardment of the Decepticons pouring from the sky made extra hits, screams and screams began to burst out from all sides.

Argh! My arm!"

"G... Help me!! Help me!"

If the first line of defense collapses for a moment, all that remains are the elves who lived inside the new tree.

Non-combat elves who don't participate in combat.

"Do... ...run away!! The devil is coming in!"

"Children! Evacuate the children first!"

Do you still have the mindset of protecting underage elves?

The non-combat elves took their own weapons and blocked me in order to take refuge first and somehow stop me.

"You devil! I can't get past you anymore!"

Their cries kept me silent.

Cook... ..cook... ..you're the devil itself... ..not good...

Wouldn't it be the same as Persek's feeling of smiling awkwardly and then erasing his smile?

I feel pretty dirty with a straightforward heart.

Whoooooo!

If you've decided to become a demon, you'd rather instill fear.

Don't even dare to attack me with fear.

That's how I can prevent the maximum sacrifice I can make.

Blood fountains poured out of the bodies of some of the elves who blocked me as soon as the brutal black flash flashed once.

They are more agile than humans, but in the end, they are ordinary elves who do not have the ability to fight.

The Guardian, who was guarding the forest, couldn't have been able to make a proper attack at a time when they were swept away.

In an instant, the elves who were beaten by my colleagues were instinctively surprised and hardened.

[8 Circle Black Magic]

[Peer]

It is a low-key hallucinatory magic that shakes the five senses of those with low magical resistance and confuses them, and it has the effect of not being pushed by the legendary dragon's peer.

Not only Rich Clair Orphan could be used.

The elves, who met my eyes, collapsed with instinctive fear and were confused, unable to control their shaking bodies.

Let's pass by ignoring the lost elves.

As I entered the Holy Land of the New Year, I could see many people who had not yet escaped.

"Hahaha...hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

And in the middle of that road, an elf girl still hugging a young elf boy looked up at me with frightened eyes.

The children had not yet escaped.

Both still look like minor elves.

No matter how much E.L.F., who protects children first, in this crisis.

Not many people will think of their lives first even after being exposed to the aftermath of the eight-circle black magic that I spread.

There were quite a few children who had fallen behind from those who had forgotten to protect their children in fear.

Among them, there were siblings who stood out.

"Sister...sister...sister!

With a little boy crying and hugging my sister even more.

"It's okay... It's okay..."

An elf girl who doesn't know what to do with fear but manages to get rid of her younger brother.

Neither of them had any idea of running away, even though I slowly approached them.

The girl's attire was neat and antique, indicating that she was the child of a very high-ranking elf among the elves.

There was a moment's silence.

The elf girl, who was looking up at me, bent down and covered her face with tears and opened her mouth like a forced squeeze.

"G... Please save me..."

beg for one's life

"I'm fine... ...please...please save my brother..."

However, it was a little different. Magic is definitely a magic that amplifies the natural fear that life has.

Therefore, it means that he sees visions of being killed dozens of times just by encountering me, who is a visionary.

That's also horrendous.

While exposed to such fear, the girl hugged her sister and tried to protect her somehow.

I lowered the end of the sword without a word, leaned down in front of the girl, and pressed down on her head and stroked her.

Then, he raised his spirit and healed the girl's injured leg.

At the same time, the girl who escaped from peer's influence opened her eyes wide as if she could not understand me who healed her leg.

"Lünne, who's around here? I can't see anything."

"David's eyesight, very normal, is highly appreciated by Lünne.

The elf girl was brilliant.

I understood what I meant at first glance.

The girl desperately pulled herself up and rushed to help her brother.

Elves and children who could not escape were seen everywhere.

There was no need to kill even those who could not fight.

Having cast a healing spell on those who were injured, I immediately swung lightly and passed them.

* * *

Contrary to my opinion, not a single elf existed in front of the main body of the world number.

"I thought they would have gathered together and set it up as a shield."

Don't insult her. You don't enjoy sacrifices just because you're a woman.]

I soon frowned at the voice of willingness that penetrated directly into my head.

An elf sitting in front of a huge tree slowly pulled up and came toward me.

He's definitely an elf of short-lived elf.

I felt more threatening than anything I've ever felt back in the land of Tionis.

World number Igdracil.

Not the body that was created to get out of a certain distance.

It's the power of the natural world.

It was the main body with a lot of power.

She was nothing more than a figure shaped by the power of a simple world number.

"The curse must have gone right. He's wearing a robe."

You don't know how many lives have suffered for their poor tricks.]

"So, what about the rest of the Elves?"

[......you are destined to attack this place, so you must save as many children as you can from your vicious attacks.]

"Then you should have let him hide from the beginning."

Ignacil's expression was subtly frowned at the biting criticism.

"The eye for fate, it's getting a little blurry."

There was no answer.

Looking at her shining eyes as if she were just watching me empty-handed, I pointed at the edge of Hongdan's sword at her without a word.

"We don't have a place to run away from each other anymore. I came to logging. Where I died."

A cooler atmosphere was present in the eyes of Igdracil, with the whole-body flow of the Saqaman air.

Davey? Why the magic...

Not yet. Just a little more.'

"One of the two things you've been searching for must be over."

"Fate has predicted your death, and everything will be done to punish you according to the course of your destiny.

With the horse, the surrounding air began to change. At the same time, red buds slowly began to bloom on her palm.

at the same time

The buds on the top of the giant tree slowly began to bloom, looking like the buds on her hand.