224 # 224

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 23 of the Nine

79. Where the World's Numbers Are

Janice, who believed in herself and pulled the bow demonstration, squeezed all her strength and put it in an arrow.

Two boom!

At the same time, the flash hit the scaffold with a heavy sound that was hard to say that the arrow had flown.

It will break at once.

With this kind of attack, hundreds of elves will be able to destroy the new tree in a few times.

As such, the bow was a precious object.

However, how long will the group be able to withstand such an attack if it is determined by individuals in the middle of the day.

Watching the clattering and shaky scaffolding silently, the elves leaned down more and took a posture that seemed to pop out immediately.

It was then.

Ting!!

The arrow that was pressing hard on the scaffold...

I lost my strength and collapsed.

He didn't make it. as if it had been absorbed.

He'slowly...

The E.T. Guard-class elves, including Janice, were speechless in the completely defunct attack.

Was the attack just now going to disappear in vain?

Absolutely not.

Even if it was a one-off attack, the previous step had the power to break through the bonds of such an individual.

But it bounced off.

"What's this......"

Janice, who was distracted by the absurdity, was about to say something.

Janice!! Avoid!!"

With a sudden cry Janice could feel the force of pushing her body and fell to the floor without balance.

Two boom!

Then, Janice, who fell to the floor, was soon seen.

The body of Samara, an agent guard who pushed him, disappeared.

Apparently, the power of the arrow he shot returned.

"S...sama..."

The answer could not be heard because the upper body was an elf that had disappeared.

What should I say in this situation?

Janice, who had been stuck in a daze, soon crawled to where Samarra's body was located.

The body was still hot.

As if it were alive.

However, an elf whose upper body has disappeared cannot be alive.

Janice, who collapsed with a blank face, soon opened her eyes and screamed.

"What the... what the hell is going on?!"

Damn it! It's a trap! Janice! Let's retreat!"

Janice sat absentmindedly for a long time at the cry of another agent guard.

The shock doubled when the attack he fired bounced off the scaffold and killed my own friend.

And that confusion was not just for Janice, but for everyone else.

That's the play!

Disaster was not over there.

As if waiting, the shape of the forest began to change.

The vibrations were realistic, and the wind was untrue.

As if the forest were really alive.

The forest, which began to change in an instant, no longer became a forest, but a maze that rose endlessly.

Janice, who had a blank look at the completely changed maze, soon realized that she had fallen off all of her colleagues and looked vain.

"It's a monster. It's..."

You're saying that you've got this ridiculous fault line? Does this mean that it is possible to explain it in common sense?

Janice was confident that she would shake her head firmly at such a question.

It's impossible.

But the reality has happened.

When I slowly woke up with a blank face and touched the wall, a sharp sensation was conveyed.

"Not a fantasy. Fractures that affect the entire forest... ...we've never heard of such a conclusion. Besides, it's not going to be sustainable."

How can we maintain the system?

Questions followed her tail, but she couldn't say anything more.

In the dark maze, the life was so eerie that it instantly strengthened the whole body.

I turned my head reflexively, but all I could see was an endless maze.

Boom!

but

Janice could feel that something had penetrated her heart in the void.

Lowering her head in a faint pain, she could see a large force stuck in her body.

It was a sword mainly used by assassins.

And Janice, who slowly lifted her trembling eyes, looked up at herself with a cold look and saw an elf with dark-toned skin pulling out the sword.

It was an elf that seemed to have been seen subtly somewhere.

I've never seen a dark elf before, so where did I see that face?

The cool-looking woman, whose navy-colored hair seemed to have been discolored in the sky, looked up at her with a calm look and quietly recited herself.

"The maze you saw is just a fantasy. It also reproduces five senses. Great Illusion. Sadly, the lord of this estate is a man of common sense..."

a cold way of speaking

With that resonant tone and tone, Janice was able to realize it just before she died.

"I don't know why you're here..."

"Is it wrong for you to protect your brother?"

Janice smiled a bitter smile at her, turning around in a soft way. There was a girl Janice used to tease when she learned archery and spirits as a child.

Aside from his talent, he was so sloppy that he used to make fun of him.

Since when she disappeared from the forest, she has been told that she has covered herself with the yoke of a sinner who defied the new tree and was corrupted.

But you were here.

"Here you are... ...I've been looking for you..."

"There won't be any pain. If it weren't for the saints and the world's number, we wouldn't have killed each other like this, so good bye. Janice."

Beyond the blurred vision, Janice dropped consciousness as she faced Aina's subtly bitter gaze.

* * *

"I don't feel very good."

It was the first word Aina uttered in her report back through a crystal ball.

"A assassin can't even cry?"

"Don't make fun of me. I'm not in the mood to accept it."

Aina's calm-spoken expression was devastating.

"Just because they're new elves doesn't mean everyone is stuck. There were many good people among them."

It was the words of calm Aina.

"I'll stop reporting here. All the agent guards who hid to recapture the Urya were dead. I was so consumed by the vision of the dogma you set up that I could kill him without difficulty."

I nodded quietly at Aina's words.

"Well done."

"Please... ...can I do one?"

I nodded at the unusual weak sound of Aina.

"World number... ...make sure you kill the Holy Spirit and the Holy Spirit. I don't know what a tree is and why it should be so painful."

With the words, Aina covered her face with one hand and cut off contact.

As a result, it was the right choice to leave Aina in the judgment that she would send troops to take the back of her head.

"Fire Chicken."

In the meantime, the feathers of the fire chicken were shiny, as if they had eaten everything they wanted to eat around the forest.

All the gods are born with growth.

As a result, the overall size of the growing season did not increase, but the gloss of the feathers could improve depending on the condition of the animal.

"Let's go. It's your turn. You can go and vent your anger as you want. I won't stop you then."

Gosh, geez!

Joyful at what I said as a cat who got a snack, he wrapped a huge fire all over his body.

The heat seemed enormous to Chuck, but no heat was delivered to me and Lünne beside him.

"Let's go."

"Lune, catch up."

Once severely damaged, the elves had to find the world number before they could complete the reorganization.

As soon as he got on the back of the fire chicken, Lünne flew in with wings on his back and sat right in front of me.

I drew him so that he wouldn't fall, but I stroked his feathers, which were burning without a word.

"Let's go."

The buldak, who was excited to hear that he would let him do what he wanted to do, flew up without a doubt as if he were revealing his presence.

* * *

Shin-soo's flight speed is really beyond imagination.

In the first place, half of them are deviating from the laws of physics.

As a novelty born with human aspirations, the speed of his flight varies noticeably depending on his current state or his possession of power.

Days to fly away, ignoring the surrounding landscape.

In the meantime, the fire rooster flew nonstop during the day, and at night, it stored up its energy for the next day and ate delicious food.

According to the contact received so far, all the reports were that the elves were preparing for something without recklessly attacking, perhaps because they were hit too hard once.

They don't know yet that I'm leaving the battlefield and heading for the forest of the New Tree.

The forest with the Holy Land is located in the northern part of the western continent.

The neighboring country is the Contas Empire, and it is rude for a prince of another country to enter the airspace without any connection.

I couldn't have good feelings in the Contas Empire that opened the way for the enemy in the first place.

It's none of my business that they sent favors to the elves for political reasons.

It is about three days to fly at high altitudes without anyone's eyes.

I was able to reach a forest full of trees beyond comparison to ever before.

"Let's get down from here. If you approach more, you'll find out by the gods."

The fire rooster, which flew as fast as I could at my words, dropped me down gently, satisfactorily.

"Wow... ...Lunne, you've found a very big error in your sense of direction, which you call extreme motion sickness..."

"The robot is getting motion sickness."

"Lünne... ...the emotional circuit is heating up very fast, expressing this as a fierce anger towards David."

Ignoring the man who was struggling with his teeth, I turned off the flames and tapped the neck of the chicken, which folded its wings, took out the talisman.

"Go in and rest. I'm saving up my energy. You can run wild when I call you afterwards."

Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!

The fire rooster soon roared at my words and pointed its beak at the amulet.

Swoosh!

At the same time, his whole body turned into flames and disappeared into a talisman.

Are you going to go in like this? What's the use of getting caught here if you've been lying about your arrival?

I heard the approximate location through Yurya and Aina, but I had to check the exact location firsthand.

I don't know how long the search will take, but I'm here.

The forest of the new tree is the domain of the world's number.

Who's doing what, where and who's in there.

The reality was that nothing could avoid Igdracil's eyes.

The problem is that the characteristics of Igdrasil, which is superior to all forces, include divine magic, mana, commander-in-chief, and spirit energy.

Nothing could be used for camouflage.

Except for one thing.

"It's been a while."

It's not a very preferred method, but it's the fault of the teacher who made the magic in this way in the first place.

With five or six hair pulled out without regret, I put my black hair on my palm and spread it out to the sky.

He then inserted a scarlet-colored talisman between the index finger and the middle of the other hand and moved slowly.

As my arms began to move smoothly like waves, the hair on my palm began to resonate in unison, and I, who moved for a certain distance, threw the talisman into the air and blew my hair.

Boom!

At the same time, I heard something popping and some objects appeared in front of me.

"Lünne, disaster watch. underestimate this"

What... what are you doing?!

As if there was nothing more to see, Lünne covered her eyes with her small hands, and Persek screamed, closed her eyes and hid behind me.

He wouldn't either.

The reason I summoned my hair scattered was because it was none other than a replica that looked just like me.

The problem is.

In the process of the sorcery process, the alterations were all revealing their presence to themselves.

I was much bigger than my previous life, so I was surprised to see the size up.

Looking at the alter ego with a complicated look on my face, I suddenly puffed at the head of a silver-haired boy who was doing evil.

"Lune, put your finger on it."

"Tw... ..Lunne thinks you're smart."