223 # 223

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 22 of the Nine Books

The huge explosion of flames was similar to the power of exploding mana stones.

And the top magic, MultiExplo, is the magic of one-step higher circles that unleashes five-circle exposures more than three times at a time.

However, the beginning end of the month has arithmetic assistance and a large amount of mana. And the magical world of fairy tales has broken its limits coolly.

Frustrated by the explosion of more than a dozen rounds, the Elf Gunse was beaten without even striking back properly.

"Prince Salivan. It's now."

As long as one side has begun to flip over, there is a gap for those who are embarrassed by the sudden surprise attack.

[Okay.]

Whoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!

As the advance of human soldiers began to march as if they had been waiting, the sound of shouts and metal weapons began to be heard everywhere.

As the elves showed stronger power over a long distance, the soldiers who pushed in while they were distracted by the sudden explosion were literally caught off guard.

In an instant, the screams of the elves began to come out everywhere.

The elf army's spirits were noticeably reduced when almost one attack near the Yurin area began.

Furthermore, the periodic multi-exposure warfare did not reveal its location in advance, forcing the elves to pay attention to both the soldiers in front of them and the constant explosion of the expo.

No matter how many times, the result is obvious if both sides are beaten in a dense situation.

but

The elves were not just beaten.

As soon as the commander of the leading elf, Sajogwan Jurgen, shouted something, they began to strike back.

The elves standing in the front abandoned their bows and picked up the Leapier, and the elves who were holding up from the rear skillfully pulled the arrow on the bow, avoiding the pouring shell.

Shush, shush, shush!

Numerous black arrows embroider the sky are poured on the human side.

Of course, unlike ordinary arrows, the elf's arches were deadly.

It was also a moment when the battlefield was full of screams and turned into a difficult battle.

Furthermore, Jurgen didn't stop here and took out the next move.

A large wooden structure was placed in the middle of the battlefield with a cart that was not known where it came from.

Boom!!

And

The structure has begun to play its part.

The artillery shells, which continued to disperse the Elves' nerves, hit an intangible shroud and began to explode in the air.

Naturally, the Elves' counterattacks, which escaped the danger of explosion, began to intensify, and human forces began to be pushed out in an instant.

Basically, the difference in numbers was significant.

"Ha, you're cheating."

The power of Igdracil, the world number, has a superiority over every mana.

As long as Igdrasil is not an idiot, I know that their damage will be severe if I step forward.

In the first place, the army of the elf may have been a mere example, but the elves he cared about had a personality that he cherished so much that he could not have taken a countermeasure.

Explosive magic is blocked, and Golem's methane is thrown out. Barrier, who blocked the attack from the outside, protected the inside elves, and the human soldier, who was rushing under artillery support, was cut off one arm and fought.

Above all, it could be seen from the eyes that the tents were spread and the Elves' movements were much more agile and agile.

Therefore, I put the end of the first month in the air without regret, and I reached into the subspace again and took out another object.

a huge cross-shaped window

It was a longinus with a Divine Cross shape.

Without stopping there, I rolled up some amulets from my pocket so they would stick to Longinus' pole.

If your opponent protects you with strong grace, you will have to break it with more.

My lord the Friars, who look at everything.]

You have decided not to keep the world number.

Then, show us another miracle.

I closed my eyes as I kneeled on one knee as if I were praying with my hands together quickly and strongly.

Then he closed his eyes to raise his prayers quickly.

Prince Davy! Their offensive is getting stronger! You have to solve it quickly!]

That's a dirty compliment.

Ignoring the cry through the crystal ball, I forcibly beat the divine power inside my body to activate it.

Your body doesn't exist, but on the contrary, it exists in this world. Your fingers touch everywhere in the world.]

Serious prayer doesn't suit your taste.

Magic that are close to the miracle of God are very difficult to deal with.

Your index finger is merciful.]

Once again, the ninth class of sexual magic began to emerge through my body.

Your middle finger blasphemes and destroys the Ma.]

I, who spread them indiscriminately without controlling the explosive atmosphere, began to gather their directions in one place.

I pray, let me have your own way.]

The destination was just above the tent where the protections of Igdrasil, which the elves hit, were located.

"Streetly, Goddess said,]

You said to eat shit.

What kind of order...

[9th Eccentric Final Vocalization]

[God's middle finger.]

Ugh!!

With the starter.

As the sky cracked, a thick pillar of light fell, breaking down the barrier spread by the protection of Igdrasil.

Whoo! Whoo!

Not only did I beat the Barrier hard, but I also burned the wooden structure that was making the Barrier completely in a fever, and when I saw the pillar of light that stopped, I held onto the spirit of the crystal ball.

"Get started."

Shush, shush, shush, shush!

In an instant, Barrier was broken, and human soldiers, who had been unable to move back and forth as if they had been waiting, quickly began to retreat.

The elves, who had been protecting themselves, suddenly smashed by the huge light, were even more confused, forgetting to chase humans.

And the words of those who were so confused seemed quite clear.

The arrows of numerous black-colored ballistas began to embroider the sky.

If you were just a ballista, you might not have had much effect.

It is not a Palan Empire with new weapons.

Ballistas who rose into the air exploded and scattered in the air at some point in time.

Of course, the fragments of the fragmented ballistas quickly poured down as one deadly weapon.

It's a new weapon that only the Palan Empire has. It's clearly called Ignite.

It's a war, it's a battle, and it's a quarrel between us.

The first battle was a step ahead of us.

The other side would have just been stopped in a fight.

The elves, who had lost their power to protect themselves without being able to go, were deprived of their source of confidence, showing that their morale was extremely low.

The gunfire of the Golem squad leaders runs wild in line with their respective role groups.

Fragments of Ignite from the sky tore apart the elves relentlessly, followed by human soldiers who retreated after a long spear and began to rush like their ex-wife.

It was a moment when the desperate screams of the elves rang out and hot and corrupt blood began to splatter everywhere.

They were the elves who had just been in good shape, but if you look down at the floor now, one of the limbs was full of horrible bodies that were not normal.

They looked so cruel that they could not be considered a race of beauty.

Damn war...

"That's a lie."

But it didn't stop.

"Prince Salivan. I'll head to the Western Continent. Perhaps, the elves will take time to reorganize. Please suit me as much as much as you like. We'll be done by the time they're ready for the next attack."

[It must be a lot of distance......]

"I'm riding a fire chicken."

I don't know the coordinates, so I have to fly myself.

[Oh......you're talking about that mysterious bird...... I see. Leave it to me.]

The more cruel the war is, the better.

That way, it'll end quickly.

I was half on the side of admitting the word.

* * *

The sheer white bombardment distorted and inflated the ground and exploded.

The elves who got caught up in it disappeared without even screaming.

It was too destructive for the power of the Lord Priest, who symbolized compassion.

It felt sacred on the one hand as if it were the original truth.

"Oh, my God..."

Is this where the word "wonderful" comes from?

Salivan and his followers, who were watching the battlefield from afar, looked surprised.

As soon as the flash of white light, which seemed to have been strengthened by God, fell once, I felt like it was overturned in the world.

You can use magic, and it's amazing that it's more than normal. Prince Davy's divine magic was clearly in a different orbit.

Were all the saints and saints from the past strong like this?

With a confident attitude, he knew that his power was not a lie, but Prince Davy, who actually saw it, exceeded his expectations.

And most surprising of all.

He was accompanied by a golem.

Iron Golem and Mud Golem, which are generally produced by the Alchemist school, looked like the metal was alive. It moved like a real life and destroyed everything.

Is the fire weak? It wasn't.

Some golem blew away dozens of enemy heads from hundreds and thousands of meters away, while others continued to fire huge explosions.

Some golem blocked the enemy with a huge shield, and some golem moved suspiciously to see if it was a golem, cutting off important enemies.

Then, some golem unhesitatingly released methane from a curious stick that spills constantly, turning the enemy into a hive.

'Strong...... too strong. Is that golem that you made hand in hand with Dwarf? Even so, that is a technical skill that cannot be explained by common sense!'

I want to have it.

I want to take that skill away and keep him in check!

Greed was in the lead.

But he was smart.

If you didn't have to marry Prince Davy. Someday they'll look like the elves.

Though the Empire is strong.

Prince Davy, on the other hand, had something comparable to the empire.

Most of all, his senses shouted and made him think that this was not all he had.

I had a creepy idea, but Salivan soon shook his head.

'I shouldn't let him be the one to the best of my ability.'

Not only himself but also everyone thought the same thing, stiff facial expressions were seen everywhere.

The people who are watching will be like this. How ridiculous it must be for those who are fighting in the battlefield. Saliban thought there was nothing more to think about.

* * *

Fate doesn't need probability.

The E.T. guard Elf Janice was coldly silent as she looked at the bamboo grove attached to the serene, peaceful land.

Take a detour to get there. Depending on how fast you accomplish your mission, your fellow lives are at stake. Go to the Moon Forest and bring Yuri back. You have to bring him without hurting him.]

The mother of a god they follow said that their Elves' armies would not be able to reach this place beyond the Palan Empire.

In fact, just as humans don't know much about elves, they don't know much about humans either.

In addition, there was a human being on the enemy side.

A demon-like human being who killed and killed five of his agents and even his mother.

I don't know personal power, but he is the prince of the country.

In addition, he decided that he would help the human being in many places, as if he had more connections than he thought.

Although it is a monster that cannot be explained in common sense, Janice thought that it was not completely impossible considering that the human being is a contractor of the Spirit King.

" Janice, it's a fault."

Janice nodded quietly at the words of her co-worker, who calmly expressed her opinion.

"Listen, this is enemy territory. It's a place where you don't know what's out there."

Although it was a familiar forest, they had no choice but to feel a sense of separation even as the elves of the new tree.

Those who faced each other's eyes were all elves above the E.T. Guard level.

They did not participate in the war like any other agent guard.

Some remained to defend the New World, while some reached here, with Janice at the head.

the home of the enemy

To the territory of Hines.

"Right now, Yuri Helicana, the new bride we need to retake, is staying here in the Moon Forest. In fact, the force here is not that great. It is not difficult to break through."

Everyone nodded at Janice's words.

He seems to have tried to protect Yuri Helicana by setting up a new line.

an agent guard Among them, anyone who has gathered here can break it regardless of the firmness of the system. Janice was proud.

"Cops, give me the bow."

Janice reached for the elf next to her, looking at the scaffold that was blocking her eyes.

At the same time, a wooden bow with beautiful jewels was held as if it had been prepared in advance.

It was a bow with a spirit stone embedded in the branches of the world's number.

It was none other than a few treasures in the Holy Land of the New World.

There's nothing this big that you can't broken.

A slight wind began to blow across her whole body as the upper spirits of the wind slowly gathered beside Janice, who quickly put up a bow.

The conclusion seemed to be nothing special.

"Entering as soon as the scaffolding is breached. I'll do the signal."

Janice said that other elite guards prepared to enter with their weapons pulled out.

[Spirit Arrow]

Janice, who was concentrating her strength with her eyes closed, soon pulled the bow.

The tension caused a harsh sound to flow from the bow, but at the same time, the wind was blowing violently through Janice's entire body, including the bow.

When the arrows containing the power of the higher spirits and the bow made of the branches of the world resonated and created a powerful force, the traces began to be felt not far away.

They noticed it, too.

but

'It's too late, the grain is broken.'

The texture is so strong.

It didn't take long to reverse Janice's thinking that way.

They didn't know.

How did you mix up the magic of the eight-circle or higher that went into the formation, and how did you use the tenacity that you created to cover the entire forest?