220 # 220

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 19 of the Nine

Unlike the Decepticon squadron, which generally takes part in missions, the newly created Enabelle was literally close to a special operational support unit.

Decepticon may be high for the overall ability to kill.

In various situations, Enabelle's power may be more efficient.

He's different from the original purpose.

"Oh... ...Lünne's successor, I'm very pleased!"

Lünne's eyes sparkled when she saw the completed image of Enabelle.

Pink hair that gives a pure atmosphere to fair skin like white jade.

Finally, the sight of Enabelle sitting in a rocking chair with her eyes closed made her feel more holy than the lust of her beauty.

This is what craftsmanship is! Enabelle's appearance was beyond imagination.

It was none other than the elder Golgotha who made her appearance.

Of course, like Dwarf, who is called the next best race after the Fairy, he made it with all his strength by paying attention to every detail.

Enabelle, who sat in front of the old Golgotha who fell asleep on the floor of the workshop and closed her eyes, looked like an adult woman overall.

She's a really beautiful woman on the surface.

However, Enabelle was different from humans in just one way.

"Davie, why Elvin's successor?"

"It's a golem for Dae-elf. It should be an elf."

It's good to dig in.

Lünne nodded quietly as if she understood my explanation only then.

He was apparently a fine fellow.

But unexpectedly, I had to be blocked by the wall.

"Okay, check your movements."

Whoo-ooh...

With a faint resonance, his closed eyes slowly open.

The blue eyes seemed to flash pink for a moment, but he closed his eyes again and quickly wrote down the words on the paper he had taken out of his arms.

[Start up, clear.]

"I'll reorganize what I'm saying soon, so hang in there a little bit."

[Very satisfied with the conversation method. value this highly]

I've seen you speaking like that before.

"Okay, so let's have a little conversation, what's your name?"

Stuck.

When I asked, he quickly showed me the words on the notebook he had taken out of his arms.

[Anabelle]

No matter how good technology is used, it is eventually a golem.

In a situation where the technology that is not commonly explained is combined, Deus Exmakina (growing machine heart).

In other words, unlike Lünne, whose ego was established while equipped with fraudulent parts, he did not have such fraudulent parts.

I've been working hard on it in recent months.Even if I used to, I couldn't help the limitations of artificial intelligence.

It meant that only passive and fragmentary conversations were possible.

In the end, these guys will have no choice but to leave Brain to Lünne's calculations.

Indeed, the Decepticon formation has improved considerably by linking the artificial intelligence part, which was the biggest problem, to Lünne's computation.

"Okay. How tall are you?"

Swoosh... Swoosh.

[162cm]

"Okay, what's your weight?"

A woman's weight is a secret. Annabel undervalues this.]

"Lune."

When I looked at Lünne, he looked away with a different look.

I used some of his data to establish artificial intelligence. I never thought I'd put something like this in there.

"Lu... ...Luene, excuse me for a future free-action pattern."

"...yes, do as you please. Next question. What do you like?

At my question, the man with the expressionless face slowly reached out.

Then he put his hand on my cheek and gently lifted the corners of his mouth.

It was such an honest smile that would only appear in textbooks.

The man, who had swept my cheek without a word, soon began to play with his hand and write on the paper.

Then he quietly showed it to me.

There were many words on the paper she put out.

I was reading the item because I thought there were so many things I liked, but suddenly I hardened my face and closed my mouth to the visible words.

"Davie?"

Lünne, who looked suspicious of my behavior, soon frowned at the paper I handed her.

[Shaking chair. Hide-and-seek, Davy, Davy, Davy, Davy...... Davy, Davy, Davy...]

There were different things on the paper than I expected.

"Lune, what the hell have you done with artificial intelligence?"

"Lu... ...explain that Lünne didn't do it! That's what Lünne thinks! This self-establishment goes far beyond Lünne's expectations!"

He shouted, unable to control his trembling pupils.

It's not a lie, I'm not lying.

I felt like why this answer came out.

Persec, who was suddenly watching Enabelle waiting silently, approached cautiously.

Then he spoke cautiously in a curt tone.

Davy, you... ...didn't you put the black horse standard that circulated your commander's mana when you made Enabel?

"No way..."

Even though I thought it wouldn't be, I wondered if it was like that.

The Majeongseok, attached to the body of Enabelle, was used nearly seven times as a regular Decepticon battalion of golems.

Two of them were spirits that used the energy of spirits to circulate inside.

Ma Jeong-seok, who is responsible for the source of his power or artificial intelligence, has a black horse standard inserted to enable the use of command magic or black magic.

The problem arose here.

beyond my imagination

The nature of each mana awakened by a wizard in fairy tales.

The nature of my command mana is consistent.

And it was safe to say that the temper was definitely far from normal to my recollection.

"......this is a little of a significance."

Circuit lithography incorporating Lünne's computational assistance and ancient technology. And the Mana Stones with different powers.

Finally, something completely new emerged as Lünne's artificial intelligence had a certain impact.

Scientists and alchemists say that there is a single paper difference.

From her point of view... ...it looks like the quality of the large-scale commander-in-chief you've put in has permeated the marbles.

"Hmm...

Unlike the Decepticon squadron, which generally attracted natural mana, this guy put my mana into operation to use the special mana.

It was beyond my expectation that the fine difference would produce this result.

"You're not going crazy about the elements of combat, are you?"

The output limit is between 5 and 6 circles magic.

However, this level would be more of a disaster, so I hope he doesn't go crazy as much as he can.

"I'm going to test your combat capabilities from now on. Do you need anything?"

I asked questions that I didn't have to ask to further activate his artificial intelligence, but I looked suspicious of the demands he had made.

"Why this?"

* * *

If you go far from the Hines estate, you will find a huge forest.

Originally, it can be said that it is the territory of the elf, but in fact, the forest of the elf does not lead to the outside of the clique, so it is safe to say that even a little bit of the forest outside the clique is camped out.

It was because there was a lot of them to deal with one by one.

Kiehhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

Goblin, a member of the small village in the bamboo grove, smiled hideously at the bodies of small animals with long ears in their hands.

This saved food for his babies. How dare you put yourself to so much trouble, called the best warrior of the tribe!

How many days and days did you struggle to catch this little creature?

If you go back to the village immediately, there are cubs waiting for him.

They were ghouluk's babies that were used to breed human females from a human village that attacked them before coming to this forest.

Thinking of the cubs that would eat the meat of this little creature, the gouguruk quickly headed to the village with lighter steps.

The air was subtly cold that day.

Gureokguruk's village was a small and medium-sized village with the total number of Goblin reaching about 100.

Considering that there are about 200 to 300 large-scale villages, the village of Gureokguruk was really insignificant, but it was fine.

Goblin and the brave Goblin, the majestic but brave leader who protects the Goblin of Burak, settled in this place, which is considered hell among the Goblin, and survived for nearly a few weeks without mercy.

Are they lacking in themselves who have settled and endured in this forest, where other Goblin, especially the chiefs of large villages, are afraid?

I don't think so.

There will be many possibilities.

Although it's a small village, the number will increase over time.

Even among Goblin, there was no doubt that it would be an unquestionable boon.

I will hunt more and plunder more!

And, I will chew on the humans who have turned this forest into hell!

Thinking so, Gureok-ruuk, who returned to the village with his feet made fun of him, suddenly felt that the cave with his village was subtly quiet.

Ki-ik? Keek!

Gureokruk was one of the goblin's most intelligent.

That's why he thought he might notice the conciliatory feeling.

Gureuk, who looked suspicious of the unusual form, slowed down the delicate atmosphere by turning the ugly yellow lining around.

Would the body of a small animal with long ears be held in its hand and then slowly entered?

Realizing that there was a subtle smell of stabbing in the nose between the usual smells of urine, the ghoulug rolled up the loosely woven tree trunk and went into it.

And then... ..it's hardened.

Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!

It was because hell was spread out in front of the rolling pin.

The babies who were just waiting for themselves to come.

And other brave fellow Goblin!

Even the mighty Goblin!

It was so quiet.

The stench of stabbing everywhere was evident in the liquid flowing down when their bodies were wounded.

Instinctively, he sensed the danger, but his eyes were half turned over with hostility toward the criminal who killed his young baby.

Confess!! Confess!!

Soon after, Gureok, who ran madly into the cave, soon felt that the cave was brighter than usual.

...kkkkkk...kkkkkkkkk...

Then, a subtle wood creak was heard in the ear of a sharp crook.

There were brightly lit stones picked up by his brave colleagues, Goblin, scattered everywhere.

They must have been placed on the wall of a perforated bronze Buddha, but somehow they were scattered all over the floor.

Then, among the stones that glowed like that, there were many bodies of familiar Goblin, known as Goblin.

It was devastating.

Gureuk, who grazed his teeth and violently wielded a wooden club in one hand, could soon find a demon that had made his home come to this point among the bodies.

Sitting on something strange made of wood must have been human.

A human woman with long hair.

He had long ears, but he was not interested in rolling.

The only thing with that kind of skin was humans!

A bloody human woman killed all her friends.

I'll kill you. I'll kill you! I'll let you scream out of your mouth.

A gruesome life flowed out, and Gurukruk released his speculation, which was dubbed the best warrior of the tribe.

Took...

However, the woman sitting in the rocking tree shook her body just looking at the wall that had nothing to do with her thinking about seeing her.

And

As if waiting, something with blood fell in front of the rolling.

Kariq... Keeek! Kiaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa

Gubluck, who roared violently and picked up the paper, soon frowned more on the mysterious painting written in it.

I don't know what this is, but that damn human woman killed her tribe.

I will kill you!

A groovy who thought so rushed in with a roar.

Whoo!

At the same time, only a new car flew in, and a crook could realize that his body had been caught by something.

only

Did he have such a high vision?

Thinking like that, the crook suddenly found something with a huge black figure.

a physique larger than the yellowest ogre in the forest But his body was as strange as smoke.

And in one hand of the monster.

His familiar body was held, and his vision was heard by something a long time away from it.

A human woman who slowly stood up and smiled in the sight of Gublinbrook, who was called the best warrior in Goblinburak, came in.

The face of a slow-moving human woman was eerie, bizarre, and subtly different from the expression of a human being.

He didn't know that. The words on the paper that flew before he died are human characters, and...

Let's play together. Hide-and-seek. I'm the tagger.]

The fact that it says.