229 # 229

The Manreb hero is coming back!

10 volumes and 3 episodes

The memory capacity that Igdracil can have will be able to store a large amount that cannot be simply passed on when calculated as if it were frozen.

In fact, the basic calculation method is that even if I poke all my memories into her mind, it cannot be a big blow.

On the contrary, in my case, I'm not a human being with an average lifespan of less than 100 years.

There was nothing to think about who was more advantageous in the outcome of this fight.

But I pushed ahead.

She knows that her mind will completely collapse and collapse.

with a probability of nearly a hundred percent

[Huh?! ......what?!] Come on! All right, come in! Let's see if a man who doesn't live a hundred years can withstand the memory of a woman! Your head will surely break in the aftermath of too much memory!

She cursed at me before she could understand how I would ever do something to share each other's memories.

Soon, however, her face hardened when she shouted at me with crazy eyes.

[What... what...]

She seems to think I'm a normal human being who hasn't lived for 20 years.

Sadly, I have a lot of memories.

About 20 years of life in the past life in the past.

A little longer than 10 years of life here.

And

1000 years spent in the corridor.

The human brain can store more than 140 years of memory.

But there's actually not much that humans usually remember.

No matter how high-performance memory is, limitations exist, so unless it is transcendent, humans use a method of collecting a lot of information per second and erasing only what is needed.

Therefore, even if it is actually a thousand years, there is not much memory left in my head.

That's normal. . . . .

Sadly, I kept my memory by strengthening my mind so that I wouldn't lose my memory.

So

What is this?! Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!]

You are now receiving tens of thousands of years of memories, or even millions of years, of the average human being.

It was quite an important fact that even Percerk, who has existed for more than 3,000 years, and the obese lizards that have lived for thousands of years, were oblivious creatures.

This process of memory exchange has been done twice.

The first one was Persec.

The second is the world's number Igdracil.

In the case of Persek, since he was the original owner of the power, most of the overload of memory was filtered out before he came in, but Igdrasil did not have such a safety device.

No matter how long the world's will is to live, if you get a huge memory at once.

It's obvious.

I staggered and sank to the ground, retreating from her struggling body.

As I instilled my memory into her. She also instilled 300 years of memories into me.

I have a thousand years of memory, but I have nothing to say if I have only 300 years.

Actually, I don't have that much memory.

Perserk frowned as he began to reflexively cling to me, quickly erasing the memory in my head and leaving only what I needed.

Don't resist, she'll protect you!

"......"

I want to refute what to do, but it wasn't easy to combine each word right now.

It has been a long time since I could not handle the large amount of information, confronting Igdrasil, who is collapsing, holding his head in one hand and frowning.

A few quiet minutes of speculation began and it was this way that won.

[Argh!!!]]

Igdracil, which consists entirely of the mind, disappeared without enduring the vast memories I had.

At the same time, Persec left only one piece of information after burning most of her nearly 300 years of memories on the spot.

The place where Igdracil escaped.

It wasn't far.

Instinctively, she felt she had to run away from me.

He squeezed out all the remaining power to make room.

The ability to move space that I can use now is actually reduced to one.

Rather, the space for calculating coordinates is more primitive than the magic of the transport system.

It didn't matter.

[Congratulations]

I lightly flung my foot to the floor a couple of times and jumped into the air as if I were stepping on a cloud.

At the same time, the surroundings were reversed as if the world were changing.

And when I arrived there where I could never feel the human nature that led further in from the Holy Land.

I could find a woman crawling toward a bright blue lake with a clear blue light.

It was Igdracil who ran away from me.

The Lord of mercy, save your soul from groaning.

Walking slowly towards her, struggling and desperately crawling toward the lake, I blocked her and asked quietly.

"The Lord doesn't answer, does he?"

[......]

"That's what I have to."

The existence of the Lord is more cruel than I thought.

A monster who interferes with his or her future even throws away the transcendental body he or she has created.

I'm sure it's the number of course.

I could be myself someday.

"You can soak yourself in the lake if you want. It looks like Shin Sung-soo who immerse himself in communication with God."

She looked up at me with a trembling face at my words.

[Whatever...] How the hell is a human being... this is ridiculous. How could a man have such a vast memory! And what else is a corridor! This is a place against the law of the world!]

"It's ridiculous for me to have experienced it myself, but can I easily understand you?"

She looked at me like a monster.

[No matter how human... no matter how human you are, you can't hold on to more information than that...]

Her body had crumbled from her feet and was disappearing.

She was still too young for the world.

All living things grow, and in that sense, the world number is still only a small child.

No matter how many times the will of the world's number, a child who has not lived for 500 years suddenly has hundreds or thousands of times of information in his head.

The result was obvious.

Although I came here myself.

Eventually, she was dying.

[You...]

"I don't remember you. I erased everything except a few."

Even if I'm an impossible person to forget, it doesn't matter because there's something in my head that I can get rid of before I come into my head.

On the contrary, she ignored it, saying it was a human memory that was less than 20 years old.

My mind collapsed.

Sigh...

She sighed in despair at my words.

The feeling of seeing me in her gaze had now changed to fear.

[Woman......she can't die like this...... I don't want to die......I don't want to die!!]

Her fits of cries were filled with extreme fear.

[Woman......Woman... ...wants to die like the will of the previous generation!!]]

Then she crawled desperately and dipped her hand in the lake.

Whoo! Whoo!

At the same time, a light so intense that the purple forest shone out from the sky.

[Oh... oh... I can't... I can't do this!]

Seeing that, I turned my head silently.

She seems to have asked for help from the goddess Priya.

Her body, which received the light, was not irregularly and violent, but rather crumbled in antiquity.

[Dying... I don't want to... open... just...]

Her body, which quickly disappears in the light, was soon scattered as a particle of light, and what remained was the sparkling powder. It was all about beads made of small light.

The destruction of the will was quite quiet. It was splendid.

Davey.

Watching Igdracil decomposed into light without words, I turned to Persec, who slowly pulled my ear.

Do you know what you saw when Igdracil was first born and when you first saw the flow of fate?

"What is it?"

World numbers are strong, but in the end, the body of the will has crumbled.

It may be an external force, but as a result, she perished herself.

The future of human death. But it wasn't the same situation.

It's a little different. As a result, it was correct.

Ignacill was extremely afraid to die. That's why he was extremely wary of outside forces who might kill him.

There was a laugh at Persek's words.

I don't want to die. I hated you the most because you were afraid.

He believed in his fate to the utmost extent. It was funny that he struggled so hard to escape the fate of his death.

"You're quite confident in your life, considering that."

About 200 years after she cut off from humans. I guess that's when fate changed.

Since then, he seems to have been slightly distorted.

The eye for fate.

It was funny.

Igdrasil believes in fate more than anything else.

Actually, the first victim to struggle to escape fate.

The reason why she believed in fate to the utmost extent.

She had hypnotized herself that her fate should never be changed because she survived the reversed fate.

With the remnants of the world's number in my hand, I turned my head silently.

World trees exist, but their bodies are extinct.

The power to support the world is the body of a giant tree. It is possible only when all the wills exist.

As much as that much.

Once dead, the will needed to be reborn as a new one.

* * *

A new body of will is born in place of the missing Igdracil's will.

In the aftermath of the great fight, the sacred land of the new tree was ruined except in a few places.

From the point of view of the elves, I was just a torpedo boat who suddenly stormed in and killed Igdrasil, the god and parent they served.

What kind of excuse does it matter if it gets twisted once?

Not all elves in the Holy Land of New Mok are blocked fanatics, but it is true that there is no solution to the current situation.

Originally, it was simple to push with force.

In fact, it is this side that has an overwhelming advantage and a wide range of choices, not that side.

It was a long time before the world's water disappeared.

The dust of light that gradually dissipated did not disappear for hours, and all the while I watched her death process without leaving a single trace.

It's not a common experience to see a high-ranking world-class soul die out.

'Yes.'

Of course, I wasn't the only one who witnessed Ignacil's death.

"Oh, no... no..."

"No! Mother of God!"

E.L.F., who came with their weapons in the aftermath of the fight, wailed and sobbed as they saw the remnants of Igdracil, which disappeared completely.

The number was only a small number of elves in the New World, but considering that there were a couple of elite guards, it felt like everyone who could fight was scratching.

How can we take it apart, since a servant like his parents was killed by a robber in front of his eyes?

But they couldn't go at it carelessly.

I will appear to be a monstrous monster who single-handedly struck and killed Igdracil.

Watching the powder of light disappearing without a word, I walked away ignoring the elves who were about to attack.

"Huh... Stop!! This is the end of your wickedness!"

My eyes narrowed at the cry.

I mean, they're arguing, and they're saying I'm the bad guy...

"I'm warning you, put down the knife."

"Don't be ridiculous!!"

I know they're not meant to be.

Then what?

"Noas, kill them all."

You can't be the villain you want.

Coooooooooooong!!

I thought it was fortunate that there was still Spirit energy left.

As soon as my words fell, Noah, the giant of the huge earth that turned the ground, showed his overwhelming presence and blocked the Elves.

At the same time, the shocked expressions of the elves who instinctively felt his overwhelming energy were revealed on their faces.

[You fools!!]

Whaaaah!

If the world number is very sacred and divine to the elves.

In fact, even the King of Spirits has the sacredness that does not fall behind him.

By actions rather than words.

Noah shook the area with a huge earthquake and reached out his hand to the struggling elves.

"Quadddeuk!"

At the same time, a huge hand of dirt jumped out of the ground and snatched away the elves.