228 # 228

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the second installment of the 10th volume.

80.300 years and a thousand years.

[What?!]

In a hurry, she turned away hurriedly.

I condensed the flames into a sword as if I had waited for her to leave me and move away from me.

At the same time, she opened her eyes and looked surprised as I lightly blocked the path she was heading for.

World number Igdrasil has only one life.

This side has been preparing a lot so far to kill her with a single gap.

You may be pleased.

"You're already behind."

I really wanted to try this.

I can't help but wonder if you've read my mind.

[Detective Sword]

[The profits of the masterpiece]

[Fierce Sword]

Confused about why the sudden fire sword appeared, she tries to stir up her power reflexively and scatter my sword.

The sword, made of sorcery, is the only sword in the world that is unaffected by the world's in the world.

Because it doesn't exist in the world, I couldn't ride on the flow of fate.

Therefore, the hidden future that the world's Sue Ignacil did not see became a reality.

Even a forceful force is the most dangerous weapon for her.

[Why?!]

"Welcome, first time in a magic trick, huh?"

The red-fire sword ruffled through her heart.

The hard shell was torn off by several attacks, and the sword tore her white skin and burned everything.

A mass of flames shaped like a bird from high up in the sky with a sword fell from the end of the world's number as if it were a shower.

My goal is.

It is the flower of the new tree that she has blossomed to give off her strength.

* * *

The burning of the will of the new tree also affects the great tree.

As soon as the new shape of Igdracil, which had been penetrated by the heart, collapsed, the giant tree slowly began to burn behind her.

In such a situation, even the flowers that used to amplify the power were burned down.

The leaves on the branches lost their strength and gradually dried and fell, and the bark of the hard-looking giant tree began to be covered with soot, albeit only a little.

[Laughing out loud]

Ignacil's expression was frowned as if he could not endure the pain.

Perhaps due to the unexpected fatal injury, her body was not able to remove the flames easily without proper physical strength.

As I approached her, crouching down on my knees, I shook off the fire chicken's power that she had pulled out of her body and threw my hand away.

Gosh, geez!

At the same time, the mass of flames turned into something huge and began to transform into the majestic appearance of the fire chicken.

Gosh, geez, geez, geez, geez!

It was huge. It was hot.

Gosh, geez!

It looked splendidly noble and sacred.

Gosh, geez!

"You're too loud, man!"

Crying!

The man who lowered his head with the sound of my bruise stepped back one step and two steps.

Then I rubbed my beak against my head with a faint look as if I had carried all the poor things in the world by myself.

"You have to know how to get on the right track. You're going all the way up to the sky for a ride?"

Kkikkik!! Kkikkkik!

There was a man who shouted in protest, but I ignored him.

Sigh... Sigh... A bird of flame that doesn't belong to the world... I see... it was you who took Emilia. Maybe it's the power of Emily's body that didn't explode.]

It was not a question of strength in the voice as before.

Ignacil's unexpected fatal blow was not a good situation to put it nicely.

"What do you think? It's awesome, isn't it?"

Puck!

That's how I kicked her in the stomach.

It`s a turnaround."

Many of their powers were sealed and consumed.

It is not a spirit that is so cluttered that Noah is allowed to use it again.

On the other hand, even though most of Manna was sealed, I still have the kind of power that the world number cannot interfere with.

They took out all the cards, but if they still have something to hide.

The victory or defeat was decided in the first place.

[Ha! Let's see if leisure is such an easy thing to do!

As if she did not lose her power even if her power disappeared, she abandoned the way she relied on power and penetrated me like a full-blown assault.

Her hand, which shot like a bullet, had a wooden sword that was not known when it was made again.

It's a close call, but...

Ignoring Perserk, who looked at me with an anxious expression, I raised a scroll that I took out from my arms lightly.

[Level 3]

[End]

Scrolls with large patterns and unique characters lit up themselves and began to express the efficacy of amulets.

All the powers that have been asleep in my body have started to gather.

The amulet I spread out was rich on my own and distorted the space between me and her.

[Huh?!]

Boom!!

Confused by her unexpected defense capabilities, she never stopped attacking.

No matter how defensive the tactics are, they cannot just be attacked by the world's supply and demand.

This time, I took out three amulets and threw them into the air.

The first amulet burned itself as it flew into the air and twisted into a distorted space.

[Grade 2]

[Blocking]

[Failed stock]

Boom!

At the same time, something huge crushed her whole body to the ground, and soon the old-fashioned oak pillars burned themselves and fell in the direction of 1:05:7:11 based on her, creating a huge current.

It was a simple yet intense bondage.

Let go of me, you filthy bastard!

"Stay where you are."

[Grade 2]

[Ghost enlightenment]

An amulet becomes stronger as the number of water is lower.

And even if the sorcery existed in the lower grades, the higher the grade.

Its efficacy is amplified.

The first amulet slowly burned down in the purple flames, emitting its own light.

At the same time, purple air began to flow all over my body, and soon after, purple little flowers began to bloom around me and repeat the crumbs, and my right hand began to change suddenly.

Like the hands of a giant monster, the shell was engulfed in a violet lump of rough light, and red blood vessels sprang up all over the arm and began to pulsate themselves.

It didn't stop there.

Ignacill has a great deal of knowledge of magic, divinity, and black magic.

But I don't know anything about magic.

I can't cope even if I do something.

In other words, there is no need to attack by mixing the fake.

[Grade 2]

[The Book of Masterpieces]

[Devastated Water]

Part of the flame that was constantly burning the Great Tree of the World was coming out like the explosion of the Sun.

As soon as I began to hold onto my black-colored right arm, I penetrated at her without hesitation.

It is an Igdracil that tries to wake up even when the body is constrained and weighed down by a clique.

It was appalling to the extent that he had such a strong power that he was standing up in defiance of such restraints, but he didn't mean to complain.

It's something I expected.

Echoing in an instant and snatching her head up, I ignored her overwhelming muscle strength and literally lifted her new model to the floor.

Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!

A tremendous shock wave spreads once again.

When another huge crater was created inside the crater, which had become a mess under the influence of the mantle cutting, a painful groan burst out of the mouth of Igdracil.

[Wow! This kind of attack is killing me!]

"It's not an attack I told you to die, but it's a death"

Squeeze!!

[What?!]

In the first place, an extinct tree is a magic that destroys souls.

It meant that it was not physical.

Even though I wonder if it's meaningful to take the spirit out.

I can brand her depravity in a moment's notice.

As the teacher who taught me magic and magic, [Uchi] hated the tendency of bias on one side, I had both the tendency of the extreme and the tendency of the extreme.

When forced to tear some of the world's top sources out of her body and pour the corrupted air into it, a terrible scream eventually burst out of her mouth.

[Screaming]]

Screaming at the pain of her unexpected soul being torn away, she struggled all over without even thinking about getting up again.

After crushing her again, I put my empty hands in my arms and soon took out three of the same colored amulets.

Then he clenched one sheet with his teeth and hung the other two longitudinal on the index finger, stop, and ring finger.

[Second-class Masterpiece]

[New Transition Period]

[Cheonbalsh]

a man of great destruction

He burns the fury of his anger and burns anyone who goes beyond the bounds of the world.

So

The number of worlds that have begun to warp with the stigma of depravity,

an object of strict importance

The body of the fire is the body of a giant tree.

The main body of the giant tree is her body.

What if there are two targets?

One plus one effect.

The body of Igdracil that I was holding.

A white, white-hot whirlwind burned everything like an arrow on a giant tree that supported the world.

* * *

Her existence has an unreasonable amount of blessing and power.

Without sorcery, there would be no means to deal with her on this side.

That was not the only problem.

[Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!]

She fell to the ground and had no strength to get up, but her body spewed out a mine at me.

Then he flashed his crazy eyes.

Her whole body was burning and her skin was no longer white.

Not only the body but also the giant tree were devastating.

The main body of the giant tree, which did not disappear even when it was burned down, was darkly ripe all over the surface of the huge tree, and all the remaining leaves fell apart as if to boast of its vitality.

If you look at people, all their hair is burned out.

Shin Su-hwa, who used to symbolize her power, continued to burn with the first masterpiece's attack and eventually fell helplessly after dropping each flower petal.

From a simple point of view, it is ungrateful for a giant supporting the world.

I couldn't control her without this much blow, so I couldn't do much.

There are no restrictions that current Igdrasil can't move and use its power recklessly, such as those in fairytales and novels.

Simply put, she has the power to turn the land of Hines into a land of death at this moment if she can reach her will.

What a surprise! Yeah, it's amazing that you know about the power of women, but what now? Did you think killing a woman's body would kill her?

"Can't you see your body?"

The world will collapse if that big tree, the main body of women, breaks down. I wonder if you have the courage to make such a bold decision.]

I nodded silently at her words.

Unless you know where the root stone is, you have to break the giant tree to kill her. If you just ax and saw, the giant tree will not collapse, and if you do so, the continent will collapse.

After all, it is like fighting a strategy simulation game user who fights against invincible cheatky.

It's a game that even a professional gamer can't win.

But the invincible Cheatkey.

It is common sense that if you enter the cheat key again, it will be released soon.

"What was it? Power over well..."

What a load of crap!

My hair, which suddenly slipped into another thought, was pulled out of the misconception by Persek.

"It's certainly not going to be a fundamental solution to destroy your body here, where you've broken the neck of the Holy Grail."

She gave a sour smile at my words.

Look at that, after all, you can't do anything. The body of a woman looks miserable now, but in a few days, she will be back.

In the first place, it was the outer part of the giant tree, because the inner strength still remains enormous.

She was relaxed because she didn't postulate defeat.

But did I fight without knowing that?

I wasn't the one who tried to deal with the world without Amelia's help in the world numbers.

If she had played an invincible cheat key that protects herself with her own power.

I can only release this side with the cheat key.

Ignacil's expression on his face was more derisive as if he thought there was no way I could.

[Hahaha...hahaha] Hahahahahahahaha! Look at that! That's great! Now that you have found out your last cards, you will no longer be defeated!]

If you want to laugh, laugh.

Without regret, I bundled her body into the body of a giant tree.

"I don't need the location of your root stone."

It'll break on its own.

[Huh?!]

"When the body of will dies, the will of the next world is born by the providence of the world. The body of the world's number has eternal life, but not you, the body of the mind."

Technically, you are the soul of the world, but you are just one of the inner parts of the world.

[What?!]

When we look into the abyss.

The abyss sees us.

It is used to say that those who deal with monsters should be careful not to become monsters.

On my part, it goes to mean that I need to show myself in order to see my opponent.

300 years of Ygdrasil's memory. The will of the Plus Transcendent,

A thousand years of my memory. Plus alpha.

"Let's see if your mind collapses first or if my mind collapses first."

If she is made up of the body, not the body, she will be hit to the point where her existence will disappear.

Without mercy, I've got 300 years' worth of memories in my head.

I poked more than 1,000 years of memories into her head at once.

Of course, the effect was revealed in a flash.

A huge tree, which was hard to measure, began to shake and a huge change began to take place.

When the body became extremely unstable, the body of the world's number began to change itself.