227 # 227

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the first installment of the 10th volume.

The prediction of a new tree, which is determined by fate, is probably accurate as it is the unique power of a giant that supports the world that has existed for a long time.

No matter how twisted it may seem, it's a big trend that results in one direction.

In fact, if there is a variable, the flow of the stream tries to coordinate the world so that it can move according to its original flow somehow.

but

I don't know anyone else, but it can't work as completely as I do.

No flow.

The curse I have is out of the flow created by God's will in a series of directions that the world has.

Stretch!!

Soon the flowers slowly blossomed and the powder of light began to scatter everywhere in the central operation of the buds.

At the same time, dust scattered all over the place became a huge light and began to turn into an aurora embroidering the sky.

You may be surprised at the form of completely ignoring the weather signs.

There was no surprise in the first place because the number of the world does not exist normally.

a territorial declaration

It's the same power as a system that even the dragons, which are certainly said to be great, emit by the presence of the top superhuman.

What do you mean?

It meant that this area had become her full territory.

There will be no place in this area beyond her power.

Of course, the consequences will be considerable. He was like a doctor who wouldn't care about it as long as he tried to get rid of me.

Stretch... Stretch!!

Soon after, her figure, derived from the world's main body, slowly began to change.

As the lobes slowly dispersed, something like a bark began to wrap her arms or parts of her body like armor.

At the same time, the stem that popped out of the floor changed its shape and began to turn into a sword that reached several meters.

Here, the open will destroy you. It is fate and unchanging truth.

"Lune, get ready."

In my words, Lünne pulled out the light saber, a lighted sword in both hands, and was ready to fight at any time.

Stretch!!

Completely changed, she was wearing a human figure and some wooden armor.

The aftermath of the curse did not show if she had disappeared as she changed.

"I thought the curse would last longer than I thought."

I didn't expect it to be this crazy. Did you know that?

Whoo!

As soon as the idea reached, a light green light flew through the air.

It was so sharp and powerful that I felt eerie.

[Eighth Order of the Holy Ghost]

Whoo! Whoo!

For I say, the power derived from the power of God is forbidden here.]

Kwachang!!

As soon as she doped up the Holy Magic to strengthen her whole body, she spoke less.

Then all the sacred forces that had been in my body lost their strength and remained silent.

the utter silence of the Holy Magic

The actual freezing of power was far beyond my expectations.

"That's amazing."

Ttung!!

I've heard about the power of the world's number Ignacil several times, but the power I've actually experienced was too selfish to be honest.

As my new brother, who had been thrown out in an instant, rolled several times and stuck in a tree rising from the back, Ignacil pointed at me with a wooden sword that looked twice as long as her body, as if there was nothing more to be bothered about.

It must be a blunt wooden sword.

I felt horrified that if I was stabbed, it would really end.

Ttung!!

When the reflexively bounced Hong Dan-yi struck her wooden sword with a lot of his headmana, part of the hard wooden sword was cut off.

The keenness of Hongdan, who had power even if he died soon, was not a force to be reckoned with.

"Noahs!"

If she had to play the showboo before she showed her next power.

I will.

After twisting the direction of the wooden sword, I stretched out my feet and kicked Igdracil's abdomen, and shouted, "I pulled out the spirit power without leaving anything left."

"Block the power of that crazy tree."

Kugugugugugugugung!!

What a fearless contractor!

Just a human being.

World number.

I can't believe we're fighting a single battle against the world leader of the continent, which is so important that it's known to support the world.

Even though he shouted, "I'm out of my mind," Noah scattered the power to make up his body and permeated the ground.

That play!!

Then he got to the ground and snatched Igdracil's arm in a flash.

Although he is a world figure who fully revealed his power, he could not completely ignore the power of the Spirit King.

Without a word, he moved his arms to open the shell, but Noah persistently snatched her away.

Then, taking advantage of the gap, I crossed Hongdan and Chengdan and crouched down.

Then he lifted himself up without hesitation, and as if taking advantage of the gap, Lünne flew in, put his feet in my feet, and curled up in harmony.

The composition of the sword or the Buddhist law itself is quite poetic.

A crouching arrow embroidered the sky.

[Hwang-bo Gung-shin]

[Suspension]

Two boom!

There was a strong shock wave as if there were remnants of distorted air.

When the crouching body engaged Lünne's anti-elastic force and gave her tremendous speed, I reached into the air without hesitation, pulled Hong Dani, and thrust it straight into her wooden sword.

You can't just leave the wooden sword containing part of her power.

but

As if to prove that Igdracil is not a world number for nothing, something that flashes momentarily ruined everything.

"Huh."

Suddenly, light greenish stems surrounded Hong Dan in an instant and snatched my body.

The reason why Hong Dan's example is not cut off is probably because it was made by the power of Lee Hyung, not by the physical force.

Chew!

As soon as she was sealed, she swung a big wooden sword.

Boom!

At the same time, light green flashes all stuck in my body and disappeared.

In the name of the woman, the manna of the shadow is forbidden here.]

No flow of Command Manna.

Another force was sealed in an instant.

Element mana, divine power, and the seal of the commander mana that pump up my physical ability.

In the case of Spirit Energy, Noah was desperately embracing and preventing some of her power, and as a result, four powers.

You've lost four things. It is not known from anyone why he had so much power is unknown to anyone. It is a prophecy of your death that you step into this place.

"You're funny and you're in love."

She quickly rotated and pulled the huge wooden sword as if she was trying to finish, and pointed the blunt sword at my heart.

All the power I showed her was sealed.

Clearly, the result was obvious as all the strength of the degradation of physical ability and the power of the deformation were sealed in a sealed situation.

[Dead here] Be a manure that supports the world when you die.]

Whoo!

The brown-colored wooden sword begins to glow itself. Afterwards, Igdracil, which drew enough force to make the skin feel numb, stabbed the wooden sword.

Davy!!

As soon as I heard the alarmed cry of Persec, I closed my eyes with my body tied up.

Then he pulled out Manna, who was inside Hongdan, who was holding it in his hand.

Igdracil said he used all of his mana.

Therefore, Igdracil did not seal the most threatening element mana.

Hong Dan's elemental mana began to gather as if it were in accordance with my will.

[What?!]

Boom!

In an instant, he burned the stems that tied me up with flames all over his body, combed her wooden sword with a red stick and snatched her head.

Then all but Manna, who needed it, doped her head on the ground with all her physical strength.

Whoo!

With a tremendous sound of shock, tens of meters of craters appeared on the surface, but she resisted at that moment, trapped in my hands and stuck on the ground.

The male meter would have struck the giant crusty monsters with a hard flesh that easily outnumbered them with a shock that would crush the gut at once.

It was amazing to see that the durability of the bark had increased just because it was partially covered.

Poof!!

Eventually, Igdrasil's foot, which was resisting, kicked off my abdomen and I bounced out and pulled out my new longinus.

As soon as Longinus, which was wrapped in light, soon turned into a half-moon shaped unwoldo, he threw out all the remaining manna as if it were bouncing in the air.

[Paladian Planetary Window]

[Cutting the mantle]

"Quadddeuk!"

A bloody large and beautiful window instantly overturned the ground of a few meters.

Whaddeuk!

And it has completely devastated the interior of dozens of meters, emitting a series of shock waves.

"Whoa... I hid it in my own way, but I don't know if it works."

Whoo! Whoo!

Then it occurred to me that it was so.

It is true that it is a strong attack.

In fact, some of the bark wrapped around Igdracil's body has lost its shape and broken into insignificance.

However, that alone was nothing to call a proper blow.

In fact, whenever her power is revealed, this side is blocked one by one.

In the name of the woman, I forbid the flow of the foundation here.]

Eventually, the elements were also completely sealed.

It was safe to say that virtually all of my attacks were sealed when Sinseong, Command Mana, and Element Mana were sealed.

Any power derives from these three forces.

I stumbled with a sudden sense of dexterity, but I couldn't even hold my body with a frank heart.

Boom!

In an instant, Igdrasil, who dug into the green lining, grabbed my neck and pressed it down.

Lünne ran fast to the action and swung Paroo at her.

Get off me, you unclean!

Whoo!

The power of Igdracil, who struck Lünne with a light wave, was not hit at all because he took away all the manas in Lünne's body.

[What do you think? The result of realizing that all the power you were boasting is useless]]

"It's like a beggar."

She smiled coldly at the mere comment.

That's what fate is like, and no future in which you win over a woman in any future of your own. I thought you'd beat her if you used another method. Not a chance.]

She, who spoke calmly, opened her hand in one hand.

At the same time, a light green light began to hold on to her wrist.

You were not as strong as a woman, but you were an outstanding. I wish I were an elf, not an ugly human being.]

"With all that power, the devil was afraid to touch a human being?"

You don't know the power of the abyss' demon.

When I turned my head to her words and saw Perserk, she came out with a fidgety look and looked alternately at Igdracil.

For no being can escape the eyes of the devil; no being can lift his head stiffly before the devil.]

"You're funny and you're in love. The Devil will not be resurrected."

The future is not light enough to be swayed by the wishes of dust.]

Let's go!

The light becomes more intense.

Looking at it, I slowly lifted my eyes, looked up at the sky, and then lowered my eyes again.

Obviously, if that light green glow touches my heart, even the country that is now will die.

There is an extra small fire, but it was not an insurance policy that was left for use in places like this.

You ended up using most of the women'sincerely. But I have no regrets.]

"Yeah, good job."

[......]

I opened one hand, ignoring her frowning to find out my intentions.

Sneak!

At the same time, with the gentle wind, a huge flame began to hold in my hands.

I thought this would happen, so I prepared a fire chicken.

"Whoa... ...Lünne, let's go."

Lünne, who was silent as if she were dead at my words, fell down and peeked at her head, shining her blue eyes.

At the same time, a strange voice came out of his mouth.

"Final logging project operations, Avenger squadron leader Enabelle, operational launch."

This land is deeply rooted in the power of world numbers.

Then I can only bring it down and meet my standards.

It is the source of her will, or the root tree, that supports the power of the world's numbers.

And

the presence of even saints or saints in the world

I haven't found the source of the original stone yet, and even if I do, I have an unexpected power.

The saint, who was hiding among the elves without fear, changes the story.