225 # 225

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 24 of the Nine

He clicked his tongue with his dropped fingers again.

He was quite innocent at first.

When I saw Lünne kicking her tongue, she covered her eyes with her hands, but she seemed to have seen everything between her fingers.

I felt more complicated than ashamed.

In terms of simple years, Lünna and Persek are above me.

Lünne is an ancient heritage that has been dormant every ten thousand years. Persec has lived alone for more than 3,000 years.

I mean, to put it.

I felt like I was sexually harassed by elderly people who were much older.

"It's been so long that I've lost my touch..."

Magic is a little more distinctive than other forces, but it's less efficient.

I've barely touched it since I came back with this body. Perhaps because of that, I couldn't get a good idea.

No, precisely because there is no magic or magic in the world, the body may not have fully adapted yet.

In fact, it was a long time later that I learned magic at the corridor.

I, who mumbled with a slight frown, bounced my finger again.

Boom!

At the same time, the seven people in front of me turned back into smoke and changed their appearance again.

"That's good."

This time, I raised one hand looking at the seven bodies of Davy in the same costume as me.

"The Hand of the Right Hand."

Slowly.

"Left-handed master."

Slowly.

"Okay, let's get to work, spread out."

It's not like you have the right to take orders in the first place.

I'm not going to deny that I'm listening to orders because it moves according to my will.

The only power that the new tree cannot detect.

If it is magic and magic, activities are guaranteed.

In an instant, I started moving slowly as I saw the bodies disappearing to the other side of the forest.

"We're waiting here."

"Lünne question. I swear to you that more can be found faster."

"I don't know how many copies are made by the capital, but I'm not."

I have a mana in my body. There will be traces of it.

The search should be carried out in secret.

* * *

"......"

A tall elf man sitting in front of her looked relaxed at the scene of the world's number, Igdrasil, who was painstakingly silent.

"Why are you so confused?"

"Not a big deal."

Ignacil, who spoke calmly, hid his usual benevolent and beautiful figure with a robe.

I couldn't not know the truth.

If you go out of here and look up at the new tree, many leaves are dried and twisted.

Considering the power of world numbers, this was ridiculous.

However, the man's curse was far beyond the ideas of the world's number and the saints of the New World.

I wondered how such a highly developed curse was brought back to life in this world where black magic was almost dead.

The eyes of the world's number can go anywhere as soon as she makes her mind.

The farther she gets, the greater the power she consumes, but she didn't mind.

The war effectively entered a war of attrition.

Maybe it's because I got burned too much at once.

His child, Jurgen, will not be able to attack easily because of his cautious personality.

Rather

You'd better be that way.

After all, they can't get to the land of Hines and do what they want.

It was the fate she saw and it remains unchanged. That's why Igdrasil took out the E.L.F.'s main force and his guardian, the E.E.E.E.E.E.G.E.E.G. Guard, some guarding the old city, some detouring it and secretly sending it to the Hines.

Soon there had to be a report that Yuri had recaptured.

Because it's fate.

You lose in war, but you win in battle.

Angry Davy enters this forest to forcefully recover Yuri and finds the sacred place of the new tree.

He will eventually close his eyes to his own hands.

It was a new line of fate.

Fate is a fixed flow from the beginning, and it is the will of God. But why?

It was an Igdrasil that was not always able to shake off the subtle anxiety.

Ignacil, who was looking around the whole forest without a word, suddenly opened his eyes slightly wide when he saw something that shouldn't be there.

"Farewell... ...did I see it wrong?"

I looked there again, but there was nothing there. There was no sign of it. As long as any creature has mana, there are traces left.

As if what I saw a while ago was just futile.

If someone was there, he should have noticed.

But there was nothing.

"You seem to be too careful these days."

With a relaxed smile, the male elf murmured.

He was a saint of the new tree chosen by the world.

"He can't come here. There's a fault line that my mother made. Even if she comes, she'll know if he tries to break through the colonization. So please wait."

"Do you think you're nervous?"

"Yes."

Ignacil smiled coldly at the firm answer.

"That's a funny sound. I can't believe you're anxious to know the future."

"Maybe, that variable is what gets caught."

Looking at the saint of the god who remained silent instead of answering, Igdrasil, who was offended, looked again and concentrated his strength to shake off the curse that had been eroded in his body.

When this curse is lifted.

I will kill the ugly man myself.

In the forest of new trees, you can show your true power. As long as that happens, no one can beat himself.

Because it's fate.

She didn't know while Igdracil thought so. There are seven manas who have already begun to search the forest like this.

* * *

The forest of the new tree can be said to be enormous.

Although it is hard to find a sacred place even with a simple search for days and days, fortunately, after collecting the information given by Yuri, we were able to find our destination in half a day.

"Davie, if you've found the position of the new tree, what about Lünne? With Lünne's replacements?"

I shook my head at the question of Lünne.

"Wait. You're still in a good condition protecting the old tree. I'm going to crush that first."

The sight of the man tilting his head suddenly made me playful.

"The Holy Land of the New World has the body of the world. Then, how about Annabelle?"

"Eh! Me! Belle!"

Lünne, who was saying Enabelle's name with a surprised face, twinkled her eyes.

"Lune, I'm looking forward to seeing your new replacement in special operations!"

"Yes,"

When he threw the cube out of the subspace into the air, the cube, which was distorted like a biological tissue, soon turned into a large form and began to form an elf woman.

It was none other than Enabelle.

"Annabelle, you can do it, right?"

[Waiting for command.]

"From now on, I'll let you know what you have to do."

Annabel opened her eyes quietly at my words with a blank face.

His pink-colored eyes glistened lightly.

* * *

As soon as Annabelle was away from me, I took out the first moon's end from the subspace.

Although it is said that it is a golem that is so elaborately made that it is hard to compare with the elf, as a result, he needed to draw the eyes of the world's beast toward me and break down the scaffold covering the surrounding area once.

So this time, it's not just a step.

Forests begin to vibrate at Manasseh, which increases explosively at the same time as the expression of power.

At this point, World Sue Ignacil would have realized that I was here.

What if you knew?

You should at least say hello.

Davy, the World Tree is the tree that supports the world. If you break it in a haphazardly...

"It's okay. I'm adjusting."

Whoo! Whoo!

After holding firmly in one hand the end of the first month, which began to resonate and tremble, I began to rotate the circles rotating in my heart one by one in reverse.

The mana circle inside the body began to become extremely unstable as the manaicle, which was rotating in the same direction, twisted in reverse and began to produce a large amount of friction.

The blood vessels of the arm swelled up as if they would explode immediately, and the blood turned white.

Davey?! Are you crazy?!

Of course, it's not common sense to be crazy to reverse some of the well-traveled manacles.

Whether it works or not, it is my belief as a wizard.

As soon as a ball of fire began to form over my empty hand, Persec watched me do it blankly, forgetting what he had just shouted out that he was crazy.

Squeeze!!

The overloaded circle begins to creak.

Extra Circle is timing, Davy. If you don't want to go through it, you better keep my words in mind.]

Even Odin, the nasty magic teacher, is sensitive enough to handle it carefully.

As soon as the hysteria explodes, firepower is not guaranteed.

Unlike the way in which the gears are naturally engaged and start the magic of high power, this uses the rebound force between the reversed circles.

In precise theory, it was also a meaningless way to attack the concept of circle.

You can use the 2-circle wizard. The 9 Circle Wizard is also available.

Of course, there won't be enough circles to keep up with your proficiency.

Davey? Something unusual...

Coooooooooooong!!

Sure enough.

Ignacil, the world's number who noticed my existence, began to show his presence as if he had been waiting.

"In the end, you've come all the way here, I wonder how you lied to the woman and came all the way here. Your leisure time seemed so funny."

"You're a good talker."

"Do you think that even if you use any method, you can break the strings that your leisure time has created?"

World Sue, who appeared as a huge tree trunk rose from the floor, spoke in a gentle way, but it was quite raw.

"No thanks. You'd better protect your beloved elves."

If you don't stop me, tens of thousands of elves will end up killing me.

Speaking calmly, I pulled up the overloaded manna.

With the magic of eight circles, it's hard to break the scaffold and hurt him.

However, even in such situations, I did not summon the rice wine or the fire chicken. He should not be seen by the world yet.

So, you're saying that you have to destroy the scaffold with the mana at the bottom of your head.

Is that possible in common sense?

If you ask a question, you'll answer it in the usual way.

only

I didn't like the usual method, so I learned magic under my teacher, who changed magic at will, and I learned it in an ignorant experimental spirit.

This is quite one of the top magic I rate highly.

What if I fail?

Let's all fly together.

Flaming!!

The world's number Igdracil laughed coldly at the fireball-sized fireball on my hand.

"That's how powerful you are. Run for it, leisure, and I'll be glad to watch."

"Can't you tell if it's a trick or a disaster?"

"What?"

Flaming!!

The manna, which was slowly drawn into the rotating flame hole, began to increase to more than usual.

Davey! If you put too much mana in the fireball, it explodes in the spot...!

Persec, who was shouting hastily, opened his eyes wide.

The flame throw, which would not be strange if it exploded immediately, turned white and began to grow bigger without exploding.

The eye part of Igdracil, who noticed something strange, opens wide.

"What the hell is that......"

A simple fireball?

"It must hurt quite a bit since I've hit every element I have with a minimum amount."

Ignoring something strange about what I said, Igdrasil pulled out a huge trunk of trees and attacked me.

They were tree trunks as hard as ever.

However, instead of me who couldn't move, Lünne's high-temperature rays blocked all of Igdrasil's attacks earlier.

[8 Circle Reverse]

[Flame Fireball]

[White Nova]

Squeeze! Squeeze!

Ignacil, who was attacking me as soon as the white salt sphere, which became one small typhoon, rose to the sky, quickly changed the target to White Nova.

Faster than that, I swung at the end of the first month in my hand at the white salt sphere.

"Grow up, snap up."

It was a moment when a white disaster mass rose high in the sky like a huge meteorite mass and then fell burning the space itself.