221 # 221

The Manreb hero is coming back!

The Nine Books and the Twenty

"Lunne, analyzing that smell information has a very bad effect."

Can we expect a proper hygiene concept from Goblin?

Of course, it was a natural result that the cave where the Goblin lived for a certain period of time smelled stale and dirty.

but

"The smell of blood is too strong."

This was too radical a way.

"Enabelle."

Entering the cave, I called Enabelle, and the rocking chair stopped and he slowly got up.

Then he stirred one hand, and a black fog giant standing behind her grabbed Goblin's body and approached me.

[Goblin extermination, command complete.]

The order I gave Enabelle was the extermination of the Goblin living in this cave.

Yeah, extermination.

Annabel fulfilled her orders quickly and neatly as if they were perfect.

Although the process is a little grim and creepy, it is the most efficient way to suppress the enemy by instill fear in the fight against the enemy.

"Good job."

Will I be able to feel joy in what I say?

Since emotions are non-existent artificial intelligence, Enabel sadly just showed the response in her data.

All he shows during the conversation is information stored in advance.

If it's the only possibility I can bet on.

I had no choice but to pray for how much change the influence of the black horse standard, which was used to build his body, would make to him.

Hey, why don't you leave this up to her?

"What?"

Not to the point of complicated philosophy, but I'll teach him moderation and efficiency.

How is Hongdan and I doing that except for Chengdan?

But I nodded my head silently.

Stop the war! Now! Tell me what's left of this fight?! You want to make a goal of resentment?! Are you happy that the other race is dying?! Is there anything in this big piece of land that you have to get from killing each other?]

As she looked at me.

I also looked into her past.

I don't know when the faith in Persec started.

* * *

Emilia was an important subject of this fight.

"Huh!"

As soon as she saw me, she shuddered away and didn't yet know the truth of the cars she had been forced to eat at that time.

"And... ..and what are you going to do..."

"We're almost ready for this. Now either it's dead or it's rice, you'll have to go through it so that you can end the end."

"......"

"Tell me, where is the origin of the new tree."

The sacred places of the new tree can be located only by Ayna and Yuri.

But what's there is not just the source, but the giants and the elves.

It's not the elf I'm trying to kill.

a new tree

It is the will of this generation.

And the body of will is not the sacred place. It exists in a secret place that only the saints and saints of the Holy Tree know.

That's all I wanted to hear from Amelia.

Amelia clenched her teeth at my words.

Is it true that I have the power of prostitution in my body?"

It's sealed now, but inside her body, the power of prostitution is too deep to handle.

"Yes."

"The reason that my mother of God sent me to the Palan Empire... ...is to fascinate me with the power of my prostitution... ...to bring you into conflict with each other, to subdue you and take you to the Holy Land of the New World."

"Great. Even if it fails, we won't cooperate with each other as long as we're at odds, and of course the world will attack me more comfortably."

"That can't be true. Sinmok's mother hated humans but wanted to avoid unnecessary conflicts. That's why you sent me personally with a rank above three trillion won! Also, he said that I am the best person to talk to humans without much regret!"

"That's camouflage."

"I sent myself to the Palan Empire, not to you, but to the help of an empire called Continental Suppression! I came out of the forest for that!

Her fitful cry simply lifted the commander'sir.

I know how to use simple charms.

[5 Circle]

[Black magic]

[Charm]

Uh-huh.

My eyes glistened with light, and her eyes dazed and then returned.

"Ah..."

Confused by her momentary but out of her own will, she flustered and I asked a question.

"How's it going? It's amazing, isn't it?"

"What the hell are you doing..."

"You have hundreds and thousands of times more power in your body now, wouldn't the world know that? What do you think is the reason why we let you wake up and let you go?"

"That's impossible.

She cried with her hands covering her mouth.

Come to think of it, it deserved to be strange.

It's not necessary to wake her up again, but it's okay for a saint to come forward.

Why did you wake her up and let her go, breaking old rules?

"You're... ..I'm sure I'm the only one who can save the Elves... ..."

"It's crazy."

"......"

"I'm not myself."

She opened her eyes violently at my sell-off.

"Stop it! How dare you insult the Mother of God to the tribe of the forest!"

"I still haven't come to my senses."

Boom!

I grabbed her by the collar and stuck her in the wall.

Then he bit his teeth and asked.

"Is it normal to have a world where you're prepared for a future that hasn't even come and you're willing to sacrifice the living ones that are alive and well?"

"......"

She remained silent as if she had not found anything to say.

"Isn't it crazy for you to rush in and baptize yourself with the orders of the Holy Tree when you have a child under your command?"

"That's... that's..."

"Thanks to God's wishes, the Elves in the Holy Land have become very hostile toward humans."

"Even if you were the Holy Lady of the New Tree chosen by the will of the previous generation, do you see Ygdrasil trying to sell you, once the landlord of the elves, to the human world as a gift-giving tribute?"

There is nothing visible in the eyes of hatred.

The world's population has become extremely resistant to other races for some reason. As a result, the natural beauty of the world's number has been lost.

Maybe

The future that Igdrasil saw may be the future that Igdrasil misread, which has become darkened due to blurred vision.

"You think this kind of biased judgment is going to happen unless you take drugs? That crazy junkie tree is now threatening my family, and you want me to watch it?"

"I was hoping to use the power of the Palan Empire to reach a compromise with the Holy Tree!"

"Don't make it easy. Just because you can understand doesn't mean that others understand. You think this is right, but if others would think the same thing, why did the word individuality come out?"

She bowed her head in my words.

"What do you want to do?"

"We need to stop this before the war gets serious."

"By killing the god's mother?"

I didn't say that I couldn't kill him anymore.

"Yeah, so tell me. Where is the source of the new tree's will."

It's the position of the new tree, as you can see from Yurya and Aina. They don't know the origin of the new tree's will.

The only thing I have information about is the saint of modern times.

Amelia in front of me now was everything.

"Give me time..."

Eventually, I got up from my seat, leaving her silent behind.

"I can't give much. It's the same for them, just like they're ready. Now that the world knows things are wrong, the world will use the last extreme method."

The only thing left is to know that guerrilla warfare won't work.

It's just an all-out war.

as such

Rumors began to circulate on the continent in less than four days, as I expected.

World's number Igdrasil began to move the Elf army by declaring war.

* * *

"This doesn't make any sense."

It was none other than the royal palace of the Lounge Kingdom that was at the forefront of the two forces' declaration of war.

"Prince Davy, you're so mean! I can't believe you're taking such a big job into your own hands."

"I understand that they didn't ask our royal family for human law because we can't ask Elf for it, but we have to hold the prince responsible for what he said or said to happen."

"According to the information from the Palan Empire, the number of elves that have begun to move in the West is increasing. I can't handle it with the power of our kingdom's power."

The aristocrats are constantly clamoring.

"Your Majesty! You must summon Prince Davy to the royal house right now, hear the whole story and explain the situation!"

"Yes! If this continues, countless people will die!"

Are you really saying that because you're worried about dying?

The existence of an elf who simply showed hostility to the Louns, and were not frightened by their armies?

Varys, who sat on the side of the table and remained silent, is my father who sits on the throne and is silent.

He looked at King Krianes Oloun.

He remained silent.

"Your Majesty, it hasn't been long since the weightlifting rebellion ended. The land is now infested with groaning kings in the aftermath of the war."

"What a war in this situation!"

Even if you change it once, the same human will eventually come out.

In the political arena.

Barris, whose headache began to come up, soon slowly opened his mouth.

"The cause of the incident was my brother's acceptance of the elves as Young Jimin. They said that they chose to become a servant of Hines. But the existence of the world number didn't recognize it. It's as if you were manipulating the elves who were living in this land."

"Oh! You have to look at it widely. Prince Barris! I think it's right to join hands with the home of the elves and the world's number that looks after them!"

The Marquis of Paltris, who had been silent in a troubled situation, slowly opened his mouth.

"So, your opinion is to summon Prince Davy and reprimand him before compromising with them."

"......"

"Is that so?"

The audience was silent when asked by the Marquis.

"What do you want to do? Do you want to make the prince, who is now in a strong position in the kingdom, wobbly. Or do you want to give up the whole country to a tribe that Elf has never heard of?"

"Hmm! Marquis Paltris! You're not talking too much!"

"Are you talking too much? What's the big deal? Isn't this what you want? Tell me, Count Lindo. Can you confirm that you did not wish for such a situation?"

"......"

While being silent in the continuous fight, I heard a metal cane knock.

"Stop."

It was a short but intense voice.

There was no previous king, King Crianes, who was so weak that he could not handle state affairs because of course, he was weak.

"This is up to Davy."

"Your Majesty!"

"This is just a matter to pass on!"

"Did you say the Moon Forest, Barris?"

"Yes? Ah...yes! Your Majesty!"

"Davie hasn't given me a lot of time to see if I've accumulated anything yet. Yeah, what did you hear about the situation?"

"My brother has already predicted this situation and said he's ready for it."

The words made a commotion around me.

Boom! Boom!

At the same time, King Crianes struck a large cane a couple of times.

"The elves there have long lived in the Lounge Kingdom. In other words, it is safe to say that he is a citizen of this country. Davy formally accepted them. But outside forces control it as they please?"

King Crianes made a stern face.

"Sounds like a childless sound. Put the stovepipe into Davy. The royal family will not spare the support it needs to protect the people!"

His declaration forced the crowd to back down without saying anything.

* * *

It is the Palan Empire that must go through in order for the new army in the western part of the continent to reach Hines territory.

Originally, there are more countries in the West, big and small.

They all raised the hand of the elf.

He decided that it would be better to encounter friendship and new technologies through exchanges with new tribes than exchanges with me, which he has never seen and interfered with his business.

As a result, the country that exists at the corner is now the entire Palan Empire.

Under these circumstances, the Palan Empire seemed to want to hold the last round of talks first as an empire that protects peace on the continent.

Eventually, he came out of the place hosted by the Palan Empire and gathered the commander of the Elves.

"Yurgen, the commander of the Apostle, who has been ordered by the Mother of God to take over the position of the commander."

"This is David O'Loun, the first prince of the Kingdom of Lown, lord of the Hines estate."

His eyebrows wiggled at my overbearing introduction.

Jurgen must be an elf who was beaten by a fire chicken en route to the Palan Empire accompanying Emilia.

"As expected, humans are rude."

"There is no courtesy to provide to war maniacs who have been threatening to fight first."

Seureung!

As soon as he looked angry at my words, the elves standing behind him pulled out Leafier.