238 # 238

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 12 of the Ten Books

The near-disaster ruckus seemed to be over for a moment.

When the pain of soldiers transported to the palace was heard from all over the place, the general, "Gohoo," grumbled his teeth.

"Yes, sir..."

"Captain! Don't move yet!"

"This is it! Your Highness is having a private conversation with the most evil and honorable prince! If you're a rust-eating official in this country, get out of the way! I will spare my life to protect you!"

"No!"

"Yeah... I can't let go of this!"

Unlike him, who takes the sword out at once and makes it seem like he's going to run again.

The subordinate officers, who had relatively few injuries, seemed to have completely lost their fighting spirit.

"You bastards! How dare you refuse to step in the face of the humiliation of foreign powers! You're the ones who eat the rust of this country!"

Fewer soldiers answered the exasperating cries of Gohu, but the officers did not answer in a cold silence.

"Tell me if you have a mouth!"

"Well... Captain."

"What!"

"Didn't you see it?"

A military officer muttered with a sickened look.

"What did you see?"

"The prince... ..didn't he move the sword freely in the air... ...as far as I know..."

It's more than just a sodmaster.

A field called a heart-to-heart in the field of bravery.

It is possible from the point just below the mind master, but unless they know the details, they mistakenly thought it was just the upper level of the sodmaster, which is dismissed as a legend.

Of course, it was not completely wrong to say that the overhanging of the core was exactly what anyone who had set foot in the depth of the examination of the examination could do.

"......"

"We've seen him from the beginning. General, sir."

"......"

"It's a monster that explodes the palace far away at a stroke of a hand, and uses magic that could devastate the entire palace if it falls. How do you... ..how do you want to win?"

"No way. How can a person..."

The most ridiculous thing is that the boy is not yet in his 20s.

It is almost impossible to properly stand out before one's 20s in one field.

The reality is that most talented people reach their 30s to 40s or 50s just by the introduction of a simple sodmaster, and usually stop without crossing the wall that rises to the level of a master.

But a person in his 20s is not in his 20s with high magic and scarring.

You've mastered the Swordmaster's sword?

It is impossible for any crazy genius.

In fact, Ilyna de Palan, the goddess of the best sword on the continent and the owner of the new sword, has not yet entered the master's position.

I couldn't believe why the prince, who was so talented, had never stood out.

"High-level magic... ...mindmaster level."

"You bastards! Do you think that makes sense? How can a human be a mindmaster when he is not even in his 20s! He must have been cheating..."

"Captain, even if it's a trick in the first place."

Most of the soldiers who kept up with the trick were caught by a bayonet.

Is that a step now that we can call a trick?

The air current, which was suffocating just by being around, made the whole body chills and unable to move.

"In the beginning, is it really a simple art?"

Just being a sodmaster can be a transcendent power.

What if it's above that?

Even if it is an art, it is no different from being already strong at a time when it has such an effect.

If a stranger sees it, the oracle and magic is also magic.

"The prince's body could hardly feel the mana..."

"That's even more strange."

Those who stayed there and realized the reality could feel the whole truth.

This monster prince is real.

"There was a rumor going around anyway."

"Oh, my God... I dismissed it as nonsense because it was so absurd..."

Conspiracy theories are common here, too.

At first, he thought it was just a myth created in the eastern continent.

Few people have ever seen a fight in person, so who would believe it?

I did, uh...

"We're too much. Captain... ..but I don't think it's a good idea to fight such a monster."

"And besides... ..you have not ordered me to never fight."

No matter how loyal you are, there is something to be desired and not.

It would not be strange to be enraged by their shaking heads.

What happened in front of my eyes was so ridiculous, and since it was a reality, I felt more despondent and deprivation than anger.

"General, what can we do now?"

"......"

The answer was a short silence.

* * *

"I should have ripped some more."

After coming back from the face-to-face meeting with the king, who almost begged for it, I looked around the shape of the half-wrecked palace, laying down Tanya in the empty palace.

Basically, there was no significant damage as it was aimed at a place where there were no people, but the eyes were not good.

You really don't get along with the people in the West.

"That can't be good."

It was all over the place.

If someone comes to his house, sets it on fire and detonates a bomb, he or she will want to beat it to death right away.

Nevertheless, the reason why they couldn't send me a hostile look was simple.

For them, the king's name will be absolute.

"D......can't go in!"

"I got permission. Is it impossible?"

When I handed over the letter in my hand, the eyes of the soldier who was guarding the jade opened wide.

Then he looked at me in surprise and soon removed the window he had blocked.

"Oh... you can't stay long. Also... ..and each weapon's possession..."

"I don't have any weapons."

"Si... Excuse me!"

The road opened with a cry from fear, not awe.

There is definitely jade in the inner palace of the 'hyun' country.

The facility did not belong to a good axis, as it was not originally used to lock people up in the long run.

Then why did I come to this prison?

"You bastards! How dare you know who I am! Can't you get me out of here!"

The sound of evil was heard loudly throughout the prison.

There were several people trapped inside the still prison, but most of them remained silent, while only one continued to shout for them to get them out.

"You bastards!! Do you know who I am and lock me up here? Can't you get me out of here right now!"

She must have no idea what she's got in this country right now.

The king took a great loss to calm me down.

If you have a sense of humor, you know that you are the one who will face the arrow of discord instead of anger.

Nevertheless, fuel efficiency seemed to have no qualms.

What made such a mind must have contributed greatly to the fact that the fuel economy is also a female aristocrat in the "Myeong" country.

"Hyun" is a country that is quite repressed by Ming.

Of course, the power of fuel efficiency, the daughter of a high-ranking aristocrat of the Ming Dynasty, must have been at a level that is not at all inferior to other rain.

"Early...... why are you so hungry? You bastards! Why don't you bring me food? Bring more! More!!"

I turned around without regret as I watched her continue to gang up.

There was nothing to worry about.

You mean the curse.

'That's not a curse, Persec.'

Curse! You don't know how scary it is to be in a situation like that with a woman's body.

Her words were not entirely wrong.

The curse I put into my fuel economy was not the same curse I used every time.

He simply hypnotized himself to increase the amount of heat required.

The body that has increased the amount of heat required requires an overwhelming amount of food to meet its needs.

And of course, less calories will be stored in the body compared to those collected.

It is not easy to curse this kind of variant without any sound, but sadly, it was safe to say that he was not resistant as he had a body that was so talented that he hardly felt fuel efficiency.

It's a curse if it's not a curse! So... how long... how long does it take?

The gruesome way of asking me was a period of experience.

A week.

In a week. People will change.

That's awful.

'As you sow, reap what you sow.'

Out of regret, I kept walking, ignoring her yelling "Get yourself out, get something to eat."

* * *

"Come... Bernie."

Tanya, who was lying in bed in a white suit, found me and opened her mouth.

"How are you?"

"It's okay, the courtesan says it was a little tired."

"What are you trying to do with this little body?"

"That's true! Hey! Stop it and go back. What? Let's go back to the Lounge Kingdom, home country together. I'm sure your mom wants to see you, too."

At her words, Varys was openly upset, and Winnie went back to Tanya.

"But... ..I'm tied up here in a political spirit. There's a reason why I can't give up on myself especially in the "hyun" country."

With a wry smile, she swept down Winnie's cheek.

Then he looked up at me and fumbled.

"Why?"

He lowered his eyes to my calm question.

"Yes."

"What does that mean, sis?"

"The prince, born of a girl in the east who has thousands of metals, recordings and bow demonstrations, will enrich the 'hyun' soup for the next 400 years."

It is said to be a simple prophecy.

However, the late believer in the now-dead "hyun" state, who predicted it, said he had never wrong the predictions made by moxa over the past 30 years.

The problem was that the girl with the recording was none other than Tanya.

So despite the opposition of the other tribal associations, the king of the prefectural kingdom of Tanya and the political spirit...

"There are currently two princes in this country. But... ..they both refuse to give the crown prince a seat."

"Why?"

"One's into alcohol and the other's into gambling."

It was then.

The sudden appearance of the voice headed toward the door, where everyone's eyes were tightly closed.

"Nice to meet you. I'm Maria, the princess of 'Hyun' soup. It's an honor to meet you three."

It was a girl with a polite but strangely cold tone.

Above all

The 15-year-old's appearance, which had the great oriental beauty of the past life, was noticeable.

Looking at the elegant and elegant hanging of hair, it was clear that they had not yet been married.

However, there must have been one difference from the others.

I guess you can't see.

It was the existence of an eye patch.

She was covering her eyes with a thick blindfold whether she had a scar on her eye or for another reason.

"Ah..."

But it was elsewhere that attracted everyone's attention rather than her tone.

"I'm sorry. My eyes are a little uncomfortable..."

Speaking calmly, she looked exactly where I was.

She had a thick blindfold covering her eyes, which was why it was so obvious not to look at.

"Princess Maria."

"Are you all right? Princess Tanya?"

"Of course."

"That's a relief."

Speaking calmly and facing me, she soon took a small box out of her arms and handed it to her.

"I heard the news. I'm breaking up with you're doing it.

"Sorry, Princess Maria."

"No, it's my fault that I didn't help you even though I knew your situation. However, I'm here to deliver this to you even if I go. You wanted it, didn't you?"

Then she turned around and opened the box without saying Tanya.

Then he saw the stuff in it and opened his eyes wide.

Inside the box, a moderately thin and tough line was rolled up and clumped together.

"It's... ...bego's beard..."

"Bego's beard? What's that?"

When asked by Winley, who was curiously asked, I simply explained to her, watching Princess Maria go out.

"Bego's gentle giant monster's beard is tough and elastic, and Bego's beard is also an eye-opener at Hunter's Association, which mainly studies and polishes archery. It's the best bow demonstration."

A giant monster named Bego would have been called a friend of the elves.

Tanya opened her eyes round as if she was surprised by my explanation.

"Orabani... ...did you know that?"

"Do you want to stay?"

"......Your Highness said she'd accept the breakup."

"Yes, there's no problem with that, the Kingdom of Lounge is no longer the weak little country you knew."

"That's right, sister! Your brother has made the kingdom so much more prosperous."

Tanya smiled bitterly at the pride of Winnie.

"Orbany,"

The first feeling I saw came into his face.

"I'm sorry, but even if you leave when you leave... ...please let me take the bow test. I... I want to keep my promise."

He has never done anything for her.

Even if he wanted something, he always smiled and gave it up.

For the first time in my memory, I have asked for a favor.

It made me feel subtly emotional and emotional.

"Do whatever you want to do. This brother will do everything for you. Even if it's a continental punishment."

"Cook... ..Orabani, you're joking..."

He smiles and says he's joking, but...

Oh, my God, I'm gonna have to watch my mouth...

Let's see what will happen?