237 # 237

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 11 of the Ten Books

Whoo!

"Your Highness!

"Have your Highness!"

"Overpower him!"

The sky is not helping.

That's a perfect word.

The king's expression was distorted by the appearance of countless soldiers who came in in an instant.

Those who have just come in are not aware of the internal situation because they came here in a hurry only to see the outside situation.

Of course, he came here to quickly subdue the existence of terrorism.

Therefore, the outfit has to be turned upside down.

I thought the situation would be settled somehow, but I put oil on it and it must have been dark before my eyes.

The king of the county was not slow-witted.

I've noticed how hot I'm in this situation, and I know what's going to happen too well.

a royal tomb

"Oh, my God!"

"Stop it! Stop it now! It's a fable!"

I shouted it out in a hurry, but it was not easy to work because the situation was the situation.

"You... what! Your Highness! God is here! Prince Davy!! Take your sword away now! How dare you breathe out where you live!"

Then, a middle-aged man from the old-fashioned Gabju who appeared in command of such soldiers pointed a sword at me.

He seemed unwilling to come up with any compromise on the fact that I had revealed my life in the fishing grounds and created this situation.

"Captain!! Stop!"

"No, Your Highness! He is afraid of his Highness and has despised this royal palace, the symbol of this country! This situation is not understandable for any reason...!"

Crying!!

An iron sword that flew in an instant flew at his shoulder.

"Kkhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

The sword attack, which flew at an unresponsive speed, was certainly an attack that could have been met.

The opponent was not light either.

"No matter how many royal family members of another country! I will never tolerate this disrespect to the king, who dares to be the lord of this country!"

Eventually, an angry man took a big sword out of my waist and smoked the oracle.

The scene of the blue sword river overflowing clearly shows the extent of Swordmaster, which prosecutors dream of.

In fact, it is difficult to reach this level of human beings, as few as tens of millions of humans, and it also requires a lot of time.

Crying!!!

He shrugged down to strike out the burrowing sword and strike back at me.

Then he shot me in like a spring.

"Oh... no. You'really!

"You can't come here!!"

Even the officials who watched all the events shouted in unison.

They were the officers who first aimed the sword at me and were overpowered at once.

"You shut up! How can a king not move when he is in danger? When this is over, I'm going to reprimand you!"

It's not that I can't move. It's just that I can't move.

He wouldn't have known that.

It's not hard to subdue him even if he's definitely in conflict with him.

However, there is a fainted tanya in my hand.

My precious little brother is asleep, but he's shaking.

"The captain of the county.""

I've heard of it.

I think he said he's the best armed man in the country.

That's the play!

As if to suit my will, several demolitions rise into the air and point themselves at him with the end of the sword.

The sword, which moved in unison like a sword dance, was shot at him like a gatling gun.

"I don't know how you're doing this, but you'd better be prepared!"

As he cried out and dug, he swung the sword hard as if he was going to break it.

but

Chew! Chew!

The situation was completely reversed when a sudden blue air burst out from the two swords that were flying toward him and created a huge steel.

"What?"

Crying!!

A sword became a flash, forcing his sword to turn its end and scattering its posture.

The second sword gave off a whiff of splitting his sword into a sword.

The third sword was quick to swim, cutting off his legs and breaking down his posture.

Then the other sword went through his shoulder and floated it in the air.

Of course, they did not use Hongdan or Cheongdan in the process.

"Oh, my God!"

He flew up with a part of his shoulder stuck in a sword and opened his eyes as if he didn't understand what was happening in front of his eyes, fell to the floor and stuck it.

The lower stage of the examination, the scope of the examination, deals with this ewer and sword.

However, to draw a manna from the sword that is beyond my hand and put it on the sword.

It is impossible because of the extent of the inspection.

If you knew that, you would know how much difference there is between them and me.

In fact, even if they learned about the sword, few people could distinguish between the two.

One of the apprentices in Pandora's field was surprised to see the Iggyo sword I showed, but I didn't know how deep the situation was.

It's a mess.

When I turned around with a gruesome smile after overpowering the general in an instant, the king's expression frown even more.

He must be coming inside and blaming the general for making this situation worse, and the sky for this.

"Is this your answer, Your Highness?"

"No! Stop it! General! Take the sword now! What are you doing? Move the general and the wounded to Congress!"

A man called a general was also an outstanding performer.

He is a sodmaster in his own way.

His face was filled with embarrassment, as he didn't think he would be beaten so easily.

"Kuluck... uh... how did the sword leave the hand... the oracle itself..."

"Are you curious?"

"Huh?"

"You can keep wondering."

Boom!

When I quickly took out the sword and opened my hand, dozens of swords pointed down at the end at once and aimed for the soldiers who followed.

"Stop! Stop! I can't tolerate any more damage!"

"Your Highness, do you think you can ask for something in this situation?"

"Kill me dead! My innocent people! Don't hurt the officers who guard the palace and kill me!"

At this point, I feel like I've become a terrible person.

So

"Your Highness."

"......"

"I feel like I've become an abominable man, and it's just my feeling."

"The... ..it's..."

"Right?"

"You're right. Your anger is acknowledged by the widow! However, please show mercy as a well-educated royal family."

"If you do, then you must reward our angry Kingdom of Loun."

As he smiled, I felt like I could hear all kinds of curses in his head.

Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!

The moving swords, which were all lit up in unison, were put back on the floor, making the surrounding area cold.

At the same time, his face, which had been crumpled, hardened again.

"Don't you like it?"

"No... ...tell me, the cookie will listen."

"Let's start by talking about Tanya's marriage, I'll pretend it didn't happen."

No one could open their mouths when I heard my words from the silent dictionary.

* * *

The woman, called Hee-bi, was blue in this situation but did not leave.

"Well...Not as good as that."

"It's not a situation where you say no. I don't deserve to say that."

Speaking calmly, I wriggled the glass in front of me.

"The promise between the Kingdom of Loun and our 'present' country is valid. However angry the prince was. However, this is a breach of contract between countries."

I still didn't know why he insisted on a political engagement with Tanya.

He's in his fifties, at least.

And Tanya is now of age.

It means that the age difference alone is more than 30 years old.

He had never been particularly pedophile, so I couldn't understand why he insisted on political marriage.

In particular, the 'present' nation is pushing for a marriage alliance to unite with each tribal union.

In such a situation, should the royal daughter of another country be the subject of a political marriage?

If I were the king.

I thought you'd tell me to take Tanya, who's almost like a bomb, right away.

"By any chance, is it a waste of goods sent to the Kingdom of Loun during the political engagement with Tanya?"

"Stop blaspheming the cookies right now. You're not trying not to give up your queen because of such good fortune!"

"Then there's no way. If you want to draw a parallel line, you have to force it out here."

The result will be broken up anyway. It's not like Sand is having a wedding ceremony tomorrow.

He clenched his teeth at my words.

"How... ..can't you give me mercy? I didn't know such extreme behavior of fuel efficiency would have gone too far. There will be no inconvenience for her to stay here in the future. The wine will protect Tanya herself so that no one can ignore Tanya."

"I can warn you that much. If you don't listen, you can just blow it up, but I don't want Tanya here doing such a bother."

The Kingdom of Loun and the Kingdom of Hyon.

It is a small country, but there is pride among countries.

If it were an empire, the present kingdom of Loun would be furious as soon as it knew that Tanya was being treated like this in the "present" country.

I, who spoke calmly, touched the empty tea cup quietly.

"Burning!"

At the same time, there was a red flame in the teacup.

"Some places I know say that. Your Highness."

You don't know where you're coming from. You're marrying my daughter.

"......"

"And he poured water on me. Your Highness is the king of the "hyun" soup, so I don't know where you came from, but the situation right now is very unpleasant."

With the words, his expression hardened at once as he wriggled the fiery teacup.

"Would you like me to light you up?"

"Prince."

"I warn you, Your Highness. Do not mistake a negotiation or request for a request."

"Request..."

"You can choose between the future of this country and the political spirit."

He clenched his teeth to my smile.

You're not going to give up your political marriage even in this situation?

As if to be astonishing, Persek stuck his head out of my pocket and murmured.

At this point, Tanya has something.'

Hmm...

"What would you like to do?"

"Your Highness,"

"Don't let your grief out."

"No, I don't. Your safety is more important than your fortune-telling."

"Don't say such a cheap fortune. The divination of the new building has never been wrong since 30 years ago."

"What has the divination caused now?"

At her cry, the king clenched his teeth.

"Do you have any intention of pushing for a marriage under any circumstances..."

"I won't say it again."

"What if... ..even if the queen wanted this marriage?"

"Then the story will change."

His face frowned when he realized the meaning of what I meant.

"If I leave the kingdom and my brother stays here, I'll make sure no one else does it to him. Of course, there are more human beings who don't understand a word than people who can understand it."

"......"

In the end, he stepped back.

"Whoa... I see. I'll go ahead with the breakup after formal consultation. Are you done?"

"That's not the end."

"What else!"

I tilted my head at the sight of him shouting, "What else are you going to ask for?"

"We haven't even started yet."

"...oh, my God, that's terrible."

I demanded exactly what I had thought of in his words.

"First, I hope the queen of fuel economy will pay a reasonable price. A high treason criminal should be punished like a high treason criminal."

"I ask for mercy. This isn't just about one person in fuel efficiency. Fuel economy is a noblewoman from Ming. If... ..you're going to destroy the fuel economy, of course, even in the Ming."

'Myeong'guk.

"......"

"Myung" soup is nice. I just happen to have something to say over there."

Actually, I didn't mean to confront the "hyun" country, but I'm sorry, right?

I don't think they know what's going on yet.

"Does the prince think war is funny?"

"War? Did I say I was going to kill her?"

"What? A felon must be put to death."

"Don't kill me. And you can listen to it as you want."

With a grin, I flicked my finger.

He's a terrible guy... ...who needs hair loss this time to lose hair loss.

Ignoring the murmur of Persec, I said quietly with a smile.

"The fuel economy is pretty thin, I don't think it's living."

I've given you some physical improvement, you need to build up.

To be clear, this time is not a curse but a blessing. It's up to you to accept it.