236 # 236

The Manreb hero is coming back!

10 volumes and 10 episodes

83. Break-up! Or Mang-guk!

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

The face of fuel economy, which fell on the floor and clasped my broken arm, was distorted.

"Oops!!!"

The situation was not that many of them were overpowering me, but that I took them hostage because I turned the swords of military officers and officers who were trying to force me to change direction.

This sword, which is spread through the swords of the officers, is a hippopotamus-like technique that eats large amounts of mana in real time.

The higher the level, the lower the required heart.

Sincerity, which is lazy personality is out.

However, the priming element mana is not efficient.

So

When the head coach Manna, who was making a fuss about using himself, turned Manna into the main player, he even dragged Manna around and took control of the area.

At the same time, my cold face began to weigh down the whole area with a more lively look.

"I...Your Highness! Save me! You... you idiot! Argh!!

At the same time, when a woman named Hee-bi, who collapsed, made a pale face, the king looked stern.

"Hee... ...get your strength back now! Hee-bi has a king's hand in blessing!"

"That's not what I want. His Majesty the King."

The expression of a woman called joy and sorrow turned blue in my growing spirit.

"It's an excuse for this. Did you think I was playing a joke?"

Bite!!!

It happened in an instant.

The swords that were pointing at my master's neck began to fly up in unison and quickly began to be thrown down.

"Gasp!"

"Huh?"

Then, where the sword was stuck, there were men in red uniforms who were digging for me in a flash.

"......I don't know what's going on, but shouldn't we decide after hearing the whole story? But before that, what's wrong with the baby in the stomach? Pull yourself together!"

At the words of the king, who shouted in dismay, I gathered strength for a moment.

Then he fell to the floor and said to the gas mileage, crying.

"You'll have to confess without a lie."

"Well... ...low-down! ...he threatened me and broke my arm!"

"......"

That's right.

If she was a good judge of the situation, she wouldn't have done it in the first place.

Whether it's someone's order or not, I don't really know what's going on.

I pulled out Hong Dan without hesitation and soon swung a sword at the fuel economy's neck.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

At the same time, she screamed and grabbed the title in a faint pain.

It wasn't cut, but it was very light.

It was an act that would have hurt a lot if it had been a little deep.

At the same time, the king, who opened his eyes, came down hurriedly.

A woman named Hee-bi, who sat down with a blue face, also came slowly, expressing fear.

"Energy, explain it in detail. I will not forgive you for giving me a lie! Why is the prince of the Loun Kingdom so angry?"

The cold expression and fuel economy gazed at her with a blue face.

"Your Highness... Your Highness, how can you... ..look at the Herb with your eyes! The hermitage is just a victim! This rude man threatened me, not to mention being in the palace of the Tanya."

The play... the play!!!

"I can't help it if you're going to be extreme."

As black air began to flow out of my body again and began to strain the terrain around me, the king shouted at Tanya in a hurry.

"The Queen! Tell me! What the hell is going on here!"

"That... that... that..."

"Come on, my prince, I don't know why the prince was so angry, but I've heard rumors about you, that the fruit is a saint of the Prussian church who gives mercy! The more this happens, the more patiently... "

"Your Highness, you must be mistaken."

"Cha......misunderstanding?"

"I made a cool enough judgment."

I, speaking calmly, smiled broadly.

"I came all the way here because I gave a cool assessment."

If it had been his way, he would have bombed this palace right away.

Above all, I'm very angry.

It doesn't matter who dies or how much.

Of course, he didn't bring it out of his mouth.

"Did you say fuel economy? I'll give you 10 seconds. You'd better tell the truth. 10."

"Well...Your Highness! You...you!"

"9"

I counted down, ignoring her words.

"8"

"The cow... ...the hermitage is unfair! It's just that I feel sorry for the Tanya, who is struggling alone! Please believe me!"

"6"

Flaming...

It was not long before a red flame came out of my hand.

It must have been a cool time. Prepare to use boldly.

Davey!

Surprised Persec called me, and I looked at her coldly.

"Don't stop me."

Who told you to stop him, blow him up!

If it happened anyway, I'd rather not regret it.

Persek's Kim bird lightly tapped the end of the first moon, which I took out of the air without saying a word, on the floor.

At the same time, the overwhelming power of dominating the area made most people look blue, swallowing their breath.

What kind of crazy envoy would go to another country and prepare for terrorism in the presence of the king of another country?

Whoo!

At the same time, a huge magic earthquake based on my feet began to cover some of the empty spaces of the huge fishing grounds.

in a flash

"Your Highness, believe me in your sorghum!"

"5"

"I... Your Highness..."

"4"

With a cold expression on my face, I kept lowering the number.

"3"

"2"

"The... ..that's... the sorghum is wrong!! Hahaha!

In the end, it was fuel economy that lifted the white flag.

She also had eyes, so I couldn't not know how heavy the heat wave zone of the white light I was creating was.

Eventually, she shed tears and shouted with her head down.

"Cow... ...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a...a... The hermit threatened the Queen Tanya with fear! I went to Queen Tanya's funeral and slapped her on the cheek, saying, "It's heaven's earth." And I said to her, "This time, I'm going to visit you, Taepyeong, to make you cry."

At the same time as she burst into tears...

Argh!!!

In an instant, a woman named Hee-bi raised the cheek of fuel economy. Her expression was full of contempt and coldness rather than anger.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Screaming in a sudden pain, the collapsed fuel economy opened its eyes.

"Hee...Hee...Bee...why..."

"The present country has no figures. You should be ashamed of yourself."

The cold tone of the speech left fuel economy speechless and gasping.

"Listen to the guards. Take the fuel economy. Check the situation in detail and lock me in until my life is over!"

I smiled at the king's stern cry that followed.

"I will lock you in the palace..."

"You see, prince, the royal family of a nation who is not even a high treason criminal! That doesn't mean we should lock up the rain!"

He grinned at the cry.

"What is a traitor, Your Highness?"

"......"

"The act of shaking the foundations of the country and harming the king is a high treason."

Then he's a high treason.

the death of three generations

"What the fuel economy has done is not only the king of the country, but also the king of the country."

He frowned at my vague smile.

"Wasn't that right?"

I'm thinking whether I should blow up the country or not.

Then I waved one hand.

You don't seem to know how serious the situation is yet.

Whoo!

At the same time as I said, there was a huge explosion in some parts of the palace not far away.

Lünne has the firepower to turn this place into a sea of fire at my command at any time, and he also has his men.

"Wow... you're going to kill the innocent?""

At his outcry, I lightly pulled out the Hongdan from my waistline.

ﬁﬁ... ﬁﬁ...

At the same time, the red afterimage flashed for a moment.

"Quadddeuk!"

Then, when the tip of the sword of Hongdan stopped in the air, a rough scar appeared in a large open space, as if it had been scratched by an animal.

"No one is dead yet. But I don't know the next one."

Then, Hong Dan hit the ground to fix it, and opened his hand.

It's commonly referred to as a dog-cat My Way.

Even if the king did not know about this situation, the queen, who was jealous of Tanya, who would be the same rain, caused this death.

"Energy... ..in prison... ..hold it!"

Your Highness! Your Highness! You can't do this! Your Highness, please don't abandon your sorghum!!"

The king looked at me with a haggard face as he saw fuel economy being dragged away.

"You haven't done it yet. His Majesty the King."

I went on with a whimper.

You're trying to sneak over, but now I'm talking about destroying this country.

"You have to make an excuse. Why did this happen?"

With the words, the flame that was burning in my hand burned more intensely.

If you repent of your sins when you have done wrong, you will be forgiven.

All life can reach the arms of God by sincerely repenting for sin.

Well, the exact wording is different, but as a result, it's no different.

It's the teaching of the Priest Church, the Lord of Charity.

Daphne, the first saint, taught me one thing clearly.

It was just the beginning of the question that I asked because I doubted whether she was really a faithful saint.

You're funny, you're a faithful Lord. You're the kind of material you'll live on with the word benevolence. You don't think that way, do you? Kick, listen to me, Davey, you're wrong to be a saint. Where did you sell your conscience? I'm not asking you to keep mercy in your hands. Don't use meaningless violence.]

altruism is, in a sense, more like a talent.

* * *

"That... ...stop it. Brother!

It was Tanya who stopped me as expected.

"Orabani! You don't have to do this because of me! If I were to cause a rift between the Kingdom of Loun and the Kingdom of the Prefect......"

"I don't care."

I said quietly, patting Tanya's head, speaking calmly and crying.

"Are you worried?"

"That's... "

Tanya is unaware of the situation in the Loun Kingdom.

Also, I don't even know what kind of crazy I am.

So he was afraid.

I'm afraid I'm going to cause great damage to myself and the Kingdom of Loun. He seemed to think that I created this situation here because I was trying too hard to protect him.

In addition, Tanya did not want such a bitter feud.

But I want it.

I heard that one of the Earth's adults said that in the past.

If you've been slapped on the left cheek, knead the leather on your right face.

"Are you afraid of making excuses?"

"Prince!"

"Then there's no way."

For your information, there is a big difference between the explosion just now and the firepower this time.

This is your choice, so I'm not responsible for any casualties.

Whooooooooooooooooooo!!

The white goat, which has become like an oval donut, begins to spin violently.

Thanks to the transcendental world number and the great barrier she hit, there were no major casualties, and if it fell, it would be quite a big mess.

The fact was so noticeable to everyone who saw the white goat going up to the sky.

"Stop... Stop! All right! I will admit that the fruit is insolent! It's the fault of the fruit that doesn't understand the current situation of Queen Tanya! Honey! Shouldn't we solve the problem between the fruit and the prince?"

"If I do something wrong, will the humiliation that my brother has received so far disappear?"

"The... ..that's... ..not true.

"Then why did you make this happen? Was the Lounge Kingdom funny? May I answer to your declaration of war on the Lounge Kingdom on behalf of King Criannes Oloun?"

I promise you, the moment there's a war with the "hyun" nation, I'll blow up this castle first.

It sounds like a lie, right?

There is a situation that has been seen so far that it is too unrealistic to dismiss as a lie.

Although it is the current situation on the continent that is in an atmosphere of eradicating war, this situation was big enough to be considered a violation of the agreement and a declaration of war against the "current" kingdom of the Loun Kingdom.

Under these circumstances, it is not the Lounge Kingdom that will be subject to the persecution of each country, but the 'present' country that created this situation.

The existence of royalty is the face of the nation.

Therefore, it is the royal family that has a large amount of rights and duties.

Tanya has not officially married yet, so she is clearly the royal daughter of the Loun Kingdom on paper.

As such, the reality was that this side had an overwhelming advantage in the number of justifications.

"Oops... I'm sorry."

"If I'm sorry, will the agreement end?"

"Oh... no!"

All you can say is no?"

"It's... it's wrong... it's wrong! Prince! Stop letting go of your anger!"

"If you say wrong, will the war end? Apologize to Tanya, not me."

"Wow, the queen... ...you're wrong. Please forgive me for not being able to look after the queen because of her kindness."

"Oh... no! Your Highness... ..."

Tanya, who is weak in heart, tried to answer the king's words, saying, "It's okay."

[Silence.]

"Wow!"

Of course, I'm not the one to just wait and see.

"My brother must have been traumatized. I couldn't overcome the shock and even fainted."

The king makes a face of what nonsense I am saying.

You don't believe me?

It's real.

[Stern]

Knock, knock!

I smiled as I closed my eyes and hugged Tanya, who collapsed in an instant.

Whoo!

At the same time, Hong Dan, who rose into the air as if expressing his temper, moved violently on his own and left another huge scar on the bottom of the dictionary.

Some of the ceilings of the huge palace collapsed as if the head had been cut off.

It was evident that one emotion was young in the eyes of everyone nearby in this wager.

I felt that I was completely wrong.