239 # 239

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 13 of the Ten Books

84. A bow test, cheating paper.

The mortuary palace where Tanya stayed was structured with everything possible, although it was poorly managed.

I wanted to let him stay in a good room until he took the test of Hwall, but Tanya refused to move on the excuse that he was most familiar and comfortable here.

PING! Squeeze! Ta-da!

A thin, sharp sound of wind tearing resonates.

And the end of the sound was the clashing of clear wood and iron.

With a white-colored elegant dress, take your breath slowly and pull the bow once again.

Tanya has been very quiet and calm since she was young.

Maybe that's why.

There were many parts that fit Tanya's taste just for archery, which stabilized the mind and body.

You're a good shot. You may feel uneasy because something complicated happened.

As Percerk said, the most disturbing being in the present situation would be Tanya.

However, he was firing arrows at a certain level of strength and direction as if he were stabilizing his mind and body.

"What's the archery test?"

The man, who had been silent on my question, quietly looked up.

"The bow test... ..?

"Yeah. What's that guy working so hard?"

Due to Tanya's personality, when something happened, he would leave his desire behind and move first for others.

And even now that the personality has become a little outgoing, it hasn't changed.

He's like that.

As it was the first time he had asked for a favor by revealing his greed, he had no choice but to be curious.

I didn't bother to urge him who didn't answer, as I was exchanging the two forces inherent in Hongdan's inner strength with Hongdan on my lap.

Poof!!

It was then.

Suddenly, the entire body of Hong Dan-yi glowed red and soon turned into a little girl with a red hair with a loud sound.

"Daddy!"

Then he smiled brightly as if he had waited and hugged me.

"Oh, Hongdan. Your pronunciation is good now."

"Good luck with Hong-Dani! Just! Just! Good job!

The basic pronunciation itself seemed to be quite correct, although it was still a little dull.

I'm still a child at least then.

I can feel the subtle gaze of Hong Dan-yi, who is grinning and penetrating even more as she tickles.

When I turned my head, I saw a dagung looking at Hongdan with a surprised face.

I heard you're good-looking no matter what you do.

Even a surprised look is enough to arouse jealousy.

"Why?"

"The sword... ...as a human..."

"Never seen a sword that turns into a human being? A countryman."

As I kicked my tongue, Persec looked at me pitifully.

"In the beginning... ...is that possible?"

"Why not? A sword can't tell you not to be human. Right, Hongdan?"

When I smiled and slightly pinched Hong Dan's cheek, he smiled and opened his arms and hugged me.

"Hong-Dani, kiss me!"

"Yes, here."

When I tapped him on the cheek, he kissed me without hesitation.

Is this how a father feels when he sees his daughter's cuteness?

I said to Hong Dan, looking at the palace looking at him in a bewildering way.

"Hongdan, do you want to do that with your dad?"

"Huh?"

"That."

"You know what? Yeah! I want to do it! I want to do Hong-dani!"

The man, who jumped and curled up my waist, puffed out his cheeks.

Then he put a tiny little hand on his ear and smiled a playful smile.

When my round and big eyes touched, I also raised my hands, curled them slightly, and opened them.

"Bboo Bboo!"

Then Hong Dan grinned and opened his hands wide, and at the same time, an amazing change began to take place.

Hongdan's stubby round ears turned long and sharp like the ears of an elf.

"Bboo Bboo!"

Soon, Hong Dan put his small hand on his head as if it were not the only one, rubbed it, and then opened and removed it again.

Pong!

At the same time, ears like a rabbit popped up above his head.

When he curls his hands, he comes back, and when he opens his hands, something changes.

Originally, it was a game that taught him to control his own power like a sword with self, but this appearance of Hongdan was so cute that many people could not help but watch it.

'I'm drooling.'

Phew!

Like the former demon here.

"Hmm!"

It seems that the same was true of dagung.

Dankung, who was watching Hongdan's cute act with a blank face, soon withdrew his hand, which had been reaching for Hongdan reflexively, to see if he realized his ugly behavior.

"Hmm!"

"What do you think, my daughter is cute?"

"...that...I see."

Poof!!

At the same time, I hear something popping again.

"Chu... ...Cheng Dani can do it!"

Then a girl with blue hair sticking out of the smoke pulled Hong Dan's shoulder and clung to me.

It was jealousy of a common child.

"Hongdan is better!"

"My wife... ...she can do it, too!"

Then Cheng Dan jumped up and down, creating a fluffy tail around his hips, unlike Hongdan.

From the tail of a cat to the tail of a big fox.

And nine fluffy tails.

Though different in ways, the pace of growth of the two children was similar, as the twin swords did.

"Is Cheng Dan angry?"

"Cheong-dani... ...you can do it!"

I smiled at the sight of Cheng Dan-yi, who was crying and appealing himself.

"Yes, Cheng Dan is good at it, too."

When I patted his head, Hong Dan looked dissatisfied.

Just like the only two children who could talk to Persek, he saw the effect of education he instilled.

"Hmm...!! I really don't know who you are."

"You don't have to listen to me. By the way, what's the test for the bow?

"The bow test... "

Although the eyes of the two children were overwhelmed by their cuteness, Dagung slowly opened his mouth.

About what the test of the bow is like.

And when his explanation was over.

I sat on the bridge and slowly put down Hongdan and Chengdan, who were singing children's songs, and walked slowly.

Then he approached Tanya, who was concentrating on archery without a word.

I tried so hard that I was sweating and my arms were shaking little by little because my muscles were numb from fatigue.

"Tanya."

"Oh... is that you?"

Tanya, who turned her head again, smiled brightly and approached me.

"Get in position."

He gave me a curious look on his face.

"Shoot."

"What?"

"I'll let you go, shoot me."

Tanya looked suspicious about what I said, but showed her usual calm and pulled her bow.

PING! TANG!

And with a clear sound, the arrow flew quickly and hit the center of the target.

It's definitely a good shot.

Tanya certainly had a talent for archery. The most important thing about a sniper is his calmness.

Tanya is a natural enemy in that sense.

However, he was still inexperienced due to his lack of experience and learning.

So I approached him without a word, stuck to his back, held his left hand with his left hand, and folded it in his right hand with the rest of his right hand.

"Oh...oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh!""

Surprised by my sudden behavior, he struggled with his face dyed red, but I calmly fixed my posture and smiled.

"Take it easy."

His resistance stood firm for a moment in what I said.

"When did you say the test was?"

"I... in four days. Brother."

I nodded quietly at the man's answer in a crawling voice.

"That should be enough."

He's a damn playboy, and he wants to put an arrow between his eyes when he gets a chance.

I'll teach you some of Apolon's archery skills, which were at the top of the corridor.

I didn't say that, but I gently corrected his posture and spoke quietly.

"Slowly, take a breath."

"Whoop!"

I spoke quietly, ignoring the nervous breathing guy.

"Stretch your back and pull the rope."

He carefully pulled the bow at my words.

"Remember to help me from now on. And try it yourself. You can do it, right?"

"Yes? Ah...yes."

As I spoke calmly and slowly pulled the bow, I could feel a tremor at the fingertips of the nervous tanya.

"Prince."

Of course, there were some people who hit the candle.

"What is it?"

"Ionce you, Princess Tanya, has learned the long-term intensive archery of the 'string soup' called the master of archery."

"So."

"I know you're strong, but... ..about the bow."

You might ruin the test by teaching me something weird.

It seemed like such a concern.

It's hard to see that a person who is good at using swords is good at archery.

I ignored such concerns of dagung and spoke softly to Tanya again.

"I'll count to three."

Speaking quietly, I slowly pulled Manna up, turned Tanya's body around once, and let it penetrate the bow.

"Now."

As if my words signal, Tanya closed her eyes tightly and let go of her hand holding the bow.

Paang!!

At the same time, a new, thin, blue flash, which is different from the generalized flesh, embroidered the air.

A single shot of blue powder flying was so beautiful that it was sharp.

"Kkkk?!"

He opened his eyes wide to see if he was surprised by the shot.

It wasn't an arrow that flew clean.

The arrow, which flew in a strange direction rather than a target, began to turn in the air as if it were alive.

At the same time, the arrow in the center of the center, which had already been stuck, was broken down from the center and dug in.

It was not just broken, but the rotational force created by the turn was added, and there were huge scars on some of the targets as if they had been drilled.

"Oh... ..Orabani... ..what is this... ..."

"It's a technique called hospitality. Can you do it?"

"Well...that's... ..."

"Let's try again. I'll teach you five things. Slowly."

Tanya looked surprised at my words.

At the same time, he opened his eyes wide with an expression that he could not believe.

"Hwall's kingdom? It's been years since your kingdom was founded. It's been less than 200 years, isn't it?

This is the unique archery skill that Apolon, who used to be called the Shingung, has developed over a thousand years in the corridor.

When he saw the dancheong with a smile, he breathed out his breath, as if he had heard of despondency.

* * *

"How much time is left until the present state, Chancellor?""

One of the two characters sitting opposite the young boy's voice smiled.

"Your Majesty, this is the capital of the county. Is it free?"

"......it would be a lie if it wasn't free."

"What do you say? Stop moving for a while and get interested."

The boy gazed out at the old man's words.

"What's the point of all that, I'll get there quickly."

A boy who speaks calmly is only 12 years old.

In addition, he had a good appearance enough to be called a boy.

Of course, when you look at him in his costume and call him outside, you can see that he is definitely a man.

Although he was such a young boy that he could not be called a king, he was definitely the most important figure in the Ming Dynasty.

the Son of God

a creature called the Celestial Spheres

He was the king of a kingdom of creativity, a huge continent, and a large population.

"Hoho, Your Highness. Hang in there, please. We'll be arriving at Hyun soon. You just have to stay still. This mother and the Lord Chancellor of Taepyeong will take care of it. All you have to do is reign from the top."

It was not long before the woman sitting next to the old man smiled and said, and the boy nodded quietly.

"Yes... Mother."