233 # 233

The Manreb hero is coming back!

The 10th and the 7th Episode

Most of the Western countries were not, but King Krianes was able to hear a number of facts.

The first, I questioned most, why did the Allied Powers make private money with the Kingdom of Louns?

"Hmm."

As I climbed into the carriage heading for the West and enjoyed the view, I slowly swept down Winnie's cheeks asleep on my legs.

He was crying because he wanted to follow his sister.

It will be a hard march, but if it's not this time, we may not be able to meet for life. In fact, there was nothing I couldn't do.

"Well... look at him hitting the goal... ...Brother, should I put that boar away?"

Varys, who was looking at Winnie, who was sleeping cutely, kicked his tongue short and asked.

"Just leave it alone. What do you think? It's cute. And I haven't slept well for days."

"Cute? Brother, I'm serious about this, but is that ignorant colt really a cute fear? He's the devil. The Devil!"

He was so motivated that he studied magic day and night.

With that kind of motivation, effort, and blood-expansion massage I did, even five circles are not impossible in my late 20s.

It doesn't feel real?

Ulysses, who is called the continent's greatest genius wizard, entered the 5th circle in his late 20s.

"I don't know what the hell you're doing there that you're both comfortable and tired. Be honest with me. Brother, I'm staying in the palace and banging around like this all day and night!"

"Hit? Where did you learn to speak that way?"

At my words, Varys looked at Lünne, who was sitting on one side of the water.

"Come here."

"Lu... ...Luene, underestimate this. We must find a peaceful solution."

"Three seconds."

"... ...giggle."

His face crumpled, wriggling and tugging at the cheek of the approaching guy, he made a painful sound.

Shall I get you a car?]

In such a yard, Enabelle, who was preparing from one side of the wide carriage, came up in a lady's dress and showed her writing on paper.

While waiting, he sat in a rocking chair placed on one side and didn't move like a rocking stone.

In fact, she's just a cold-faced woman, but to be honest, even I was on the gruesome side of the way she fought.

"Yuri must have prepared something for you."

[There is a possibility of causing a physiological disgust. This is not recommended by Enabelle.]

"It's okay. It tastes good."

I shook my head with a face full of Varys.

"Brother, how do you like that weird car so much?"

As soon as he heard the ingredients, he spewed out the delicious tea on the floor and couldn't hide his fading complexion.

"It tastes good."

I used it as an instrument of torture for Amelia, the Holy Lady of God, but I've actually grown quite fond of these cars.

It tastes great. It's incredibly addictive.

So I realized that I was enjoying the teacup without realizing it.

"That's better than sucking the body fluids of a desert horn moth."

"Oh, my God... you eat that weird-looking thing?"

Yeah, I ate it to live. Do you know how to get drinking water in the desert?

He ate whatever he could, so he finished his training safely.

Now that I think about it, Hera Class, who taught me survival skills, must be a psychopath.

It's been a long time since we've traveled together with Barris and Winley.

"It reminds me of the time I was heading to the Duchy of Felicity. I don't know how worried I was at the time."

"That's usually the case."

"If I had known you had that much power, I would have felt less wronged."

While giggling, he didn't let go of the documents in his hand.

His willingness to learn even a little bit about politics itself was good.

The journey to the west, accompanied by minimal characters, was monotonous and quiet.

In fact, there is no such thing as a bandit, but who would think of attacking a carriage escorted by a royal knight?

A man who thinks his life is a waste would not have survived without learning how to choose his opponent at the right level.

"I never thought I'd see Tanya like this again. How have you been? Do you remember Tanya's face?"

I nodded silently to his question.

I'm a person with little oblivion. Even though he was young, he couldn't forget his innocent smile with short hair and green hair.

"Yes."

Barris smiled bitterly at my calm words.

"She loved to shoot arrows that were not her usual personality."

"You liked to shoot arrows?"

"Yes, so if it's a 'present' soup called the 'country of bows', I think she'll be able to live a comfortable life.That's what I thought."

Barris spoke calmly of what he remembered, other than what I had heard from King Criannes.

It is so obvious that I miss my sister, who is not easy to contact.

That fact was no different from Winley.

* * *

"Sigh..."

"Ma'am, are you sick?"

"No, it's nothing."

The girl with a weak smile shook her head.

The girl had bright green hair unlike the people here, most of whom were black.

While most Western peoples had black or dark hair, she could not avoid the feeling of a department alone among a thousand chickens, as she had an extroverted hair color that clearly had the feeling of the eastern continent.

"Ma'am, how can you be so sad when you're about to marry?"

"Did I look like I was in tears?"

"Yes. Your face looks like you're about to cry."

The girl, who was silent about the woman's words, nodded quietly.

"Yes... ...you'll have a wedding soon."

Speaking calmly, she stood up and walked away with a dress made of pretty silk.

"Let's go, let's go for a walk."

"I'll take a rain check. Your Majesty."

She walked out of the palace with only a couple of women, and moved to a quiet, small garden.

"Yeah, is there any letter this time again?"

"I'm sorry... I've been to the Book Department, but I haven't received a reply."

The girl smiled silently as one of her maidens answered with tears in her eyes.

"Yeah, the streets are the streets, and now I'm just a married stranger."

"No, it's not your fault. I mean... ..the people of the Loun Kingdom are so cold-hearted. How come you haven't sent a letter so far? In the meantime, there have been several correspondence from Mama on her way to the Loun Kingdom."

"Don't do that too much. My father, my mother, is not contacting me for any reason if I have any regrets."

"I hope not a single person will be present at this formal wedding, right? Right, Mama?

An anxious woman asked cautiously. I would have said yes if it were.

Sadly, the girl couldn't find an answer.

She also missed her family very much.

"I wish I could see you just once."

"Oh, my poor mama..."

She patted the tear-removing girl on the shoulder and slowly looked up. It was a gloomy day for nothing.

Considering the formal wedding that will be held some time later, there must have been a celebratory atmosphere.

She didn't live a glamorous life, nor did she have a large number of maidens.

The two women, who stood by, were also one of the few people who said they would follow her and stayed with her until the end.

"I won't see you again... ..I hope I'll see you again."

It will not be easy to enter or send a letter to the king when he becomes the queen's queen. This country is a country where women's human rights are lower than average.

In that situation, the man who marries himself already has 13 wives besides himself, even if he is the king of this country.

Nevertheless, she did not grieve over her situation.

Even if you have been sad and distressed, the results will not change, and if there is a problem with marriage, a big protest will be delivered to your home country immediately.

Thinking of her father and mother who might be having a hard time, she never wanted to make a hard job for her home country.

Thump!

The girl, who was savoring the teacup silently, suddenly saw a poet approaching her and broke the teacup by making a mistake, and covered her wrist reflexively.

"Oh! I'm sorry!"

"You idiot! What if I sneeze at someone who gives me a wedding!"

At the outraged cries of the maidens, the girl smiled bitterly and shook her head.

"Stop it."

"I'm sorry! Please kill me!"

"It's all right... ...it's all right."

"Ma'am! You have to give it a hard time! Every time you laugh, the other rain is poking at you without knowing your importance!"

"That's right! Yeah! Have you forgotten that the marriage will be annulled immediately if the queen's body sneezes? Do you really want to cut off your wrist for four years?!"

"Sorry! I'm sorry! Forgive me! Your Majesty!

The green-haired girl shook her head at the sight of a new girl lying flat on her face in fright.

"It's okay. You didn't get hurt."

"Whoa... ...my God, I'm freaking out. But... ..I'm glad you didn't get hurt."

The poet sighed anxiously when she saw the sleeves that almost grazed the teacup.

"Ma'am, cheer up. Try some cookies imported from the Eastern Continent."

"I'm fine... ...I'm just... I'm just a little tired."

It was difficult to bite her bitter muttering eyes. It was a day of tears.

At times like this, I wanted to see her two twin brothers who always followed her and her brother, who always showed cool smiles and stroked her hair.

Before he left, his brother was in a coma due to an accident, and it was unclear when his two lovely twin brothers would be caught off guard by Queen Linness.

How are you doing? Did my brother in a coma wake up?

Tanya, who recalled her family without a word, suddenly tilted her head in wonder at the green hair seen from far away.

I could hear someone's voice and the sound of someone's feet.

"Oh, my God! What an ignorant man in the garden of poverty!"

"You don't even know the law against outsiders while you're taking the test!"

The women hurriedly opened their eyes to cover the girl, but the girl jumped up from her seat with her eyes wide open at the distant sound of a scuffle.

Then he squeezed out the two women-in-law and held out his head.

"M...Mama?"

"......"

Despite the astonished cries of the maidens, the girl said nothing with her eyes wide open.

A long time has passed.

I thought my face would be blurry.

As expected, family seems to be family.

Pababababak!!

She slipped out of the gap between the two poets as if she had been bewitched, grabbed a skirt covering her ankle, lifted it slightly, and ran.

And

"Ah!"

Surprised, he ran toward the twin brothers and sisters with green hair that opened their eyes wide.

Surprised by the almost visceral movement, the two people soon turned their eyes.

When the eyes of three people touch.

The first thing I opened my mouth was a girl.

"Barris... ..Winley..."

"Sister!"

"Sister!"

At the same time, the twin boys and girls took a step forward, opening their eyes wide to see if they realized the identity of the girl with green hair.

"Barris! Winley!"

I missed him so much.

The girl ran vigorously, forgetting her dignity, and soon sobbed, hugging her two brothers and sisters as if they were crushed.

Although it was a gloomy day, I felt gloomy and teary. The feeling had vanished into thin air.

The girl is 16 years old.

It was Tanya Olaun, who was soon designated as the 14th rain of the country's "hyun" state at the age of adulthood.