234 # 234

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 8 of the Ten Books

"Oh... my Goddess Afrika..."

As a child, Tanya was a devout member of the Priest Church.

The reason may be for his own reasons, but at least it was a heart that arose when he fell in love with the teaching of the Priya Goddess, which was given to him by his altruism.

Some of the leaders of the church are greedy and have already had a monster heart.

The young girl now looks quite mature.

The guy who looked good with short hair had long hair in an elegant and pure style according to the style of "hyun" soup.

Unlike WINRI, who had curly straight hair, she hugged WINRI and Varys as hard as she could break down where her strength came from.

"Sister...I really missed you... ..sister..."

"Noona, you've been fine, haven't you? Isn't that right?

I heard brothers and sisters grow up fighting.

I'm sure that's how you feel when you see Varys fighting with Winnie.

It was definitely a different feeling from Tanya.

It's true that he had such a gentle personality.

Do you know who we're with?"

"Uh...uh?"

"I've sent you letters every time."

"Open... ..letter?"

Winnie tilted her head at the embarrassed look of Tanya.

I approached him without a word and patted him on the head.

"Oh, my God!"

Of course, if someone suddenly touches you from behind, you'll be surprised.

Tanya, who turned her head in surprise, soon made eye contact with me and opened her eyes even bigger.

"Oh...?"

She tilted her head as if she didn't understand the situation, and she wanted to believe her head, but her eyes didn't seem to believe it.

"Come... Bernie?"

"Tanya, long time no see."

I smiled and put my hand on his head, and he was startled and fell off me.

'Cuck...'

As he faltered reflexively, Persec kicked me in the back with a lot of impression.

Don't be so silly, I'm almost ashamed of everyone I see.

"Ta... ..Ta?"

"Is this your brother? That can't be... ...Winley, Barris, am I wrong?"

Winley smiled at the awkward question.

"Hey, you're serious. It's Davey's brother."

"Oh, my God, are you afraid of forgetting your brother's face?"

"Oh... no!"

Screaming, she approached me slowly.

At the same time, he looked up at me as if he would shed tears right away with his red eyes and slowly reached out.

"Come... Bernie."

"Yes, it's me, Tanya."

"Oh, my God!"

How much did I miss you?

Eventually, the guy who burst into tears and hugged me cried and buried his head in my arms, unlike in the days of Winnie and Barris.

Obviously, I've heard that Winnie and Varys communicate regularly through letters.

I'm sure my news was delivered months after I woke up.

I don't feel good about this.

'What.'

This smell, the smell of you going crazy, Davy, I'm telling you, you'd better stay alert.

Ignoring what she said, I stroked Tanya's head, which was crying, and he hugged me with his arms around my body and cried even more sadly.

The women, who had been restless with Tanya's appearance, were eventually shedding tears as they wondered when they were nervous.

Tanya was respectfully altruistic in terms of personality.

Similar beings were also similar to Lina, who was one of the two sex candidates.

Unlike the surprisingly terrible altruism candidates of Lina, who was united, Tanya was naturally shy and affectionate.

"Laughing...I'm sorry, Orbani... ..khhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

"It's okay, it's okay."

Tanya started to calm down as she patted him on the back without saying a word.

Tanya, who covered half of her face with a handkerchief taken out of her arms with a red face, soon shyly pulled my collar.

"You... you can't do this! There are so many things I wanted to hear from my brother. Winnido, Barrisdo..."

"Don't be empty."

It was then.

Tanya's eyes opened wide to the sudden voice of the man.

"Danggung Palace?"

"I beg your pardon, my lady, but you are now in the service of a hundred days. If the fact that you're in contact with outsiders is telling you, but if it ever gets into the ears of other non-mamas..."

The sudden appearance of the man was quite an extrovert.

The face value is about in their early 20s or late teens.

The cloth and black uniform tied from the forehead to prevent long hair from flowing down looked similar to the assassin but neat.

You said your face completes your fashion.

Hooray...

Suddenly, Persec began to watch him with an interesting look.

It must have been a bonus that I got mean for nothing.

I reached out of sight and snatched her from the air.

When did the guy who was sleeping on his shoulder wake up?

Yay!

'Don't make a fuss and go inside. Because my head is ringing.'

When I pushed Perserk into the pocket of a large conquest with useless grumpiness, I heard a voice of protest inside.

You... you think she's a thing?!

'Oh, I can't hear you.'

I don't know why, but I feel subtly bad.

The same costume as some of the men who were hiding on the way was clear.

"How about you?"

At the moment Barris was about to say something about the sudden appearance of a man named Dankung.

I cut him off and asked him quietly.

"Greetings are late. It's called dancheong. Although it is not enough, it is located in the position of the provincial governor of fourth grade."

"Danggung has been standing by me since I came here, brother."

"Really?"

"I'm sorry for the three of you, but Bin Mama is now being baptized for a hundred days. If you contact an outsider during this period, you don't know what damage will be."

Barris frowned at his firm words.

"External? Did you just say an outsider? If your family is an outsider, who can get close!"

"The only people who will be able to see Bin Mama during the hundred and seven days are His Majesty the King and the Virgin Mary."

"That's ridiculous! A groom who hasn't even married yet is more important than a family member. Is this it?!"

Varys and Winnie went out to protest, apparently because they thought it was nonsense inarticulate logic.

In the meantime, I watched the situation.

The atmosphere of this country is subtly similar.

Your previous life?

It's a little similar.'

Women's human rights were very low compared to men.

There is no way to know whether the "hyun" country is really that crazy, but it was clear that useless laws were binding on her, at least as long as she became the king's woman.

"Stop playing the dagainst me."

"Don't be empty."

"We haven't seen each other in years. Please pretend you don't know right now."

He watched her with a blank face at the cry of Tanya.

Varys was about to approach him in anger at his attitude.

"I'll make sure no one's watching and buy some time."

"Always, thank you. Dagger."

"Please, I hope you have no regrets. Your Majesty."

For his behavior, which disappears for a moment after bowing down calmly, Varys lost his object and clapped his tongue briefly.

"Oh, that's not fair! Come on, listen! Brother! Winley, Barris. I really wanted to talk about a lot of things."

Realizing that there was not much time, Tanya hurriedly pushed the backs of the three, including me.

* * *

He talked so much that I wondered if Tanya was this talkative.

Tanya was so happy that she showed how lonely she had been when she actively talked to the story of Winnie and Varys.

Above all, Tanya was most delighted by the fact that I woke up.

You didn't know?

"I'm so glad you saw me open my eyes before I left... ...but it's like a dream to be able to talk to each other face to face again."

At his words, I looked at Winnie.

"Didn't you talk about me?"

"No way. My brother woke up in the Lounge Kingdom and told me everything that happened."

WINRI tilted her head.

"Who... ...are you afraid of not receiving the letter we sent you?"

The atmosphere around the question subsided coldly.

"Open... ..Letters? No way. I've been in regular contact with the Loun Kingdom..."

At the words, Barris and Winnie's expressions hardened at the same time.

There was nothing to see what had come and go from the conversation just now.

We exchanged letters, but not a single letter was delivered to each other.

The letter from Tanya could not leave the "hyun" country, and the letters from the Loun Kingdom could not reach her.

"Intermediate block..."

"You bloody bastards!"

The rage was a natural reaction.

Tanya opened her eyes at the sight of Varys standing up and quickly snatched his arm.

"No!"

"Let go of me, sister! These sons of bitches have locked you up! I didn't even let you get in touch with me. What? No contact with outsiders?! You little bastards!

It was usually Winley who usually stopped the outraged Varys.

"Sister, I don't think it's a problem to just let go of."

Win-ri, who brushed her teeth with a cold face, murmured.

This was a measure in which the "Hyun" unilaterally ignored the "Round Kingdom."

However, Tanya seemed to think differently.

"No, Winley, Barris, you can't show your feelings about this."

"Sister!"

"The royal family should always keep their dignity. Even if it's a matter of walking into the jaws of death."

Tanya seemed to be upset when she saw the shaking.

"Ma'am."

There was someone who broke that intense atmosphere.

"Danggung Palace?"

"You need to get out of here quickly."

"What? Avoid it?"

Varys, who had been reinforced again, clenched his teeth and grabbed him by the collar.

Varys was taller than I thought, so the big guy seemed to be pressuring the small guy.

"I'm going to have to hear your explanation for the nerve you've got in here and robbed her of letters."

Despite his actions, Dagung spoke calmly with a blank face.

"When I went to the Palan Empire, I was told to follow the laws of the Palan. This is Hyun's soup. Prince."

I don't know how good your county is, but do you think you'll be okay with this blatant disregard for the Kingdom of Loun?"

Tanya grabbed my sleeve with impatience at the outraged behavior of Varys, who seemed to throw away the dagung at once.

But I was lost in other thoughts.

Why did I call you and Winley Barris after this?

It didn't make sense to do things this way, even in a crushing country.

Then there's only one thing you can think of.

"Give me the king. He'll come out.'

There's nothing to think about.