230 # 230

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the fourth installment of the 10th volume.

81. Decline retirement. The prophecy of the new tree, the bond.

Some elves struggled at the fact that they were overpowered in an instant.

Some looked frustrated.

You can't be motivated because you were suppressed before you even had a fight.

Soon after, Noah, who was staring at the elves silently, was trying to boost his strength again.

I interrupted the force flowing into him for a moment.

"Wait a minute."

[Are you a contractor?]

"How come you don't hesitate to kill all the elves?"

Noah's face was frowned upon by my question.

[I can't beat him to death...]

Is he relieved that he has saved his life?

shouted the elf, who was in the lead, outraged.

"Well... my Spirit King!! How can you stop us!! Is the man in charge of the providence of nature trying to help that hideous human being?!"

An angry Elder shouted with a look of blood.

It is the number of people in the world who have refused and violated the law. Take down your weapons, or I will have to kill you.

"That can't happen! I can't believe the world's head refused to act and violated it!"

I violated it.

The rule that one should not get out of line is a violation of the truth. It is also impossible to send the body to other places because of the nature of originality of the world's great power.

Although he is in a poor position, it is the world's number that he can't escape from his body for the rest of his life.

Of course, it didn't look good as Noah did not appear in a natural form, but as it was a contract spirit that appeared when I summoned him.

"I can't stand back! Our E.L.F. will never bow down to that pernicious bastard!"

"Don't ever ask for mercy. It's a fight with the world's number, so you let it go."

"Don't be funny. Man! No matter how strong you are, do you think you can beat the people of the forest here?"

There were very few other agent guards left even though they were not even though they were not combat agents.

They will not be unaware of the fact either.

Do a little more. Make things worse!

As he remained silent, he headed to the brink of a fight between the elf and the king of spirits.

And that's the situation.

Whoo... Whoo... Whoo!

One elf's determination to see the situation from the beginning was aroused.

He held the hexagonal Mana Stone taken out of his arms with his remaining hand, which did not hold the sphere of light, and raised his voice high so that everyone could hear it.

[Stop it!!] Please... Please stop!]

The desperate cry silenced the crowd.

"Eh... Emilia?"

"The Three Musketeers... ...was he alive?""

I raised the sound of the crystal ball to the maximum level so that everyone could hear it.

"Stop what? Don't you see those guys trying to attack? Wasn't it a war where we fought to kill people if they got it wrong?"

The crystal ball was silent to my question.

"That's right, Amelia! You can never be with that evil bastard under heaven!"

I'm sure Amelia is like a forefather to them, leaving her post.

Come to think of it, I haven't seen so many people respecting Amelia.

[I accept our defeat!] Please don't kill me anymore... Please...]

The crying tone kept me silent and the elves' expressions twisted grotesquely.

"I can't believe I'm surrendering... ..I can never be! Three-tenths of a kind, Emilia! You're now trying to trample on the Elves' traditions and pride because you don't want to live individually."

[You!!! You...... what authority are you trying to kill hundreds of thousands of our own people?!] You still don't understand?! What are you going to do if you go at me like that?!]

"......"

Everyone was silent when she heard her desperate cry.

A living person has to live... ...and you can solve it by talking... ...why do you have to kill each other with a sword and a spear?! Elder Wrong! Please...]

Some elves' facial expressions were horribly distorted by her cry.

"What a child! He invaded our territory! He slaughtered many of his own people! He also killed the mother of the god! Peace in that situation?! Talk?! Ha! That's not funny!"

As if to sympathize with him, other elves shouted loudly.

"If you have eyes, look around! I wonder what he's doing in this holy place. The trees are burning and the flowers are dry! All the Spirits ran away! What is the image of the world's prime minister, which is our foundation? Can you find the old record?!"

I was about to scream in sympathy.

I could see the sphere of light in my hand vibrate and rise on its own, other than the communications correction mana linked to Amelia.

Whoo-hoo... Pah-ah-ang!

Then, at the same time as the force, a tremendous light completely wound around the area.

The sacred land of the new tree is influenced by the number of the world.

It means that if the world's number of people is healthy and strong, they can always regain their beautiful appearance.

Now the forest has begun to die due to the disappearance of Igdracil's soul.

As a result, the story will be different if a new world number is born.

A huge light twirled around, spreading a delicate purple light everywhere.

At the same time, the elves, who were closing their eyes, were silent at the amazing sight that was seen again.

The dying forest began to regain its light again.

The dried flowers bloomed in full bloom again, and the charred trees were transformed into new flesh.

One surface of the world's number, which was filled with wounds as if it had been the most severely damaged, regained its original appearance as if its owner had changed, and began to exude its original power.

The purification of the forest was really a moment.

Then, a huge force condensed in the feast of light and caught everyone's attention.

Stop this meaningless fight.]

Although I'm used to his voice. It felt completely different.

The elves, the residents of the forest, seemed instinctively aware of who the main character of the voice was.

"Ah...oh...oh, my Lord of the World..."

The radiance covered the area and the lights of the play gathered as if dancing, creating a shape of a woman.

It was the great tree itself and the next generation of Igdracil, which was called its soul.

The fresh air from the whole body and the atmosphere in his eyes were similar.

However, the tone and overall gentleness of speech were definitely different from before, and the appearance was subtly different.

This is because the great world number had bright blond hair.

'That's a brighter color than Illina.'

I felt that it was a color that could come out because it was an existing transcendental creature.

I won't allow you to fight any more.]

Speaking calmly and slowly coming between the elf and me, she soon turned to me.

I have a subtle sense of deja vu. No matter how great a soul is, how can the world have such an atmosphere as soon as it is born?

I bet my fingers and all my property that I can never do it.

You're not sure and you're winning?

'If you're nervous, you'll die.'

Come on, let's give it a try.

"It's not a new world number."

[Yes, you're the mastermind of this]

"I think I got the word wrong."

[Okay, I see]]

With her calm, sparkling eyes, she breathed heavily as if she were realizing her existence.

Then he squinted and murmured lightly.

[Hmm......is he still alive?] [Hmm......is he still alive?]

A calm mutter stirred her hand.

At the same time, the green glows that gathered next to her soon began to form a female form and created the shape of an elf that looked still young.

Confused by the sudden change, she opened her eyes roundly and looked around, but soon saw the woman in front of her and opened her eyes wider.

"Mother of the City, you're not......"

The tearful girl was none other than Amelia.

Her terrible smacking, which triggers tears, did not cause a major division because I had sealed it once, but if not touched, her appearance was pitiful and stimulating enough to cause a major accident.

No matter how much warp magic there is, it wouldn't be easy to move this long distance at once.

Did I realize that I was thinking like that?

This generation of Igdrasil smiled.

You're more open-minded than I thought, yes, there's only one person in the world who can bring Amelia so far at once.

A saint or saint of God becomes an elf, but he communicates with the world number beyond the elf.

As much as that much.

Even if the basic exterior or life is the same as the elf, the composition is different.

If the spirit of the world number is connected to such an ancient holy woman.

There's only one.

"Can the soul of the world be recycled?"

It suddenly occurred to me.

I don't think that's a common sense.

In the first place, I felt like I had no common sense, so I wondered what would matter what happened.

The spirit of transcendental bodies is born so easily. However, this is not a common case.]

What kind of crazy man would kill an important transcendental body that supports the world?

It was safe to say that the purpose was impure and that few people could actually do so.

So

"It just sounds like you're being dragged out again after being refused retirement by the goddess of Priya, who is just a boss.'

Is that possible?

'Certainly, it's impossible to shoot a transcendent soul recklessly. Even the heroes of the Corridor didn't actually make it to the ring of reincarnation.'

Hmm...

"No, I won, didn't I?'

What the hell do you want?

'I'll ask you later.'

I have a great taste in bullying, so I'll prepare something very shameful for you, ma'am.

With my smile, Persek hid behind Lünne with a blue face.

A vicious man...

In fact, Lünne didn't seem to know who was hiding behind her.

In any case, it means that the spirit of Igdracil, who died in my hand, was never extinguished.

You think this is gonna happen?

At this point, I was suspicious of the big painting of the goddess Priya.

Smiling, she soon smiled at Amelia with her arms open.

Come on. Hold it in your mother's arms.]

With a benevolent smile, Emilia sat down with a tearful face and murmured with difficulty as she opened her arms.

"Are you really... ..the mother of God?"

Then I left you and left you. I was so moved, and this is how it works. You must have been so emaciated that you've had a hard time.]

There was definitely a different feeling in the way a benevolent mother hugged Emilia.

"Well... so... mother... ..I mean... ..uh... ..."

In the end, the world leader, who was patting Emilia on the back, pulled her crying in her arms even more and told me.

[Yes, if you're shameless, you can't blame yourself for this.]

"Se... ..the World's Monks... ..what's that?"

[Everyone, take down your weapon] King Spirit, please take your anger away.]

Noah's eyes were on me at her words. When he opened his head, he broke down a huge whole body and scattered all the soil that had been holding the elves.

[Will you follow me?] I'll invite you to my space. There's a lot you'd like to say to me about the treatment of this matter.

"Even though you didn't do it yourself?"

It's my responsibility to protect the forest child. What shall I do, the one holding the sword will be yours. More than that, I have something to give you.]

A thing? You're telling me that the number of newborns is going to give me?