232 # 232

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the tenth and sixth installments

82. Hwall's masterpiece, "Hyun" and "Myeong" the creative nation.

The war, which quickly entered, did not last long before the end of the war was declared.

Elves and their leader Jurgen, who were marching as aggressors, protested.

However, it was neither justifiable nor qualified to disobey the will of a new world number nor to disobey the order of Amelia, who resumed her career as an agent for the world number.

To put it simply

I'm just peeling it from the top.

As the battle began with the orders of the former world leader rather than resentment and obsession in the first place, it could not violate the orders of the newly returned world number.

If it were just the number of new people in the world, they could have protested.

Sadly, the current Igdracil, "Al," was an unusual case in which the spirit of the world's number two generations ago did not disappear and settled again.

Just one thing.

There was a problem with the subject matter of the former saint who was attacked by Enabelle.

It wasn't that Enabel couldn't handle him. At the last minute, he was reported to have been dragged into something bizarre.

As a result, he missed it, but as a result, it was safe to say that he had no authority left over as long as he ran away leaving other elves behind.

As a result, the war between the Hines and the Holy Land ended only after the sacrifices of a minority and a majority.

Of course, it was true that noise was heard from all over the place.

It's like I took control of them all at once.

The biggest opposition was with the Contas Empire, which kept me in check.

In fact, it was a 'myeong' soup located in the area facing the forest where the sacred land of the new tree was located.

However, the Contas were concerned about the Palan Empire and the Lindis Empire, so they pushed for it passively.

The other country was different.

Ming, a great nation in power where the "Taewangje," who calls himself the son of God, tried to return the diplomatic rights of the land to them, foaming as if their land had been taken away.

So

You want me to take a look at it from far away and serve it now?

Myeong-guk is one of the largest countries known for horsemen and prostitutes and has a large plot of land.

This is ridiculous even for a great power.

So... did he go to the Western Continent?"

WINRI, who was practicing magic sitting in front of me mumbling, opened her eyes wide.

"Hyun" soup?

"Yes."

As Heaven commands, immediately withdraw the pressure on the Holy Land and return the diplomatic authority.]

I tore up the letter of 'Myung', which was close to the command line, as if there was nothing more to see.

These bastards are so fearless.

"That's right... ...Tanya married to the West. Hyun's soup is a small soup located just below Myeong's soup, which is currently in a dispute with my brother."

A princess who married less than an adult.

If I were the first prince of the Lounge Kingdom.

In fact, the first princess of the Kingdom of Loun has Tanya O'Loun, not Wynri, but Wynnie and Baris' right older sister.

He was a graceful man with a green bobbed hair that gave him a pure feeling.

If Winley had a waltzing temper, he had a graceful and good personality.

No matter what you say, all three of them, Winnie and Barris, were the children of Anisha.

Currently, there are four royal family members left in the royal family.

I am the first prince and Barris the fourth prince. And Winnie the 2nd Queen.

Enisha, the youngest daughter of Lynes Barieta, who was killed for leading the rebellion, remains. If it's true, it's legal for him to be the chief's dew on charges.

I didn't touch him as much as he did.

At first, he and I are six years apart.

What's wrong with the little boy who's only 11 years old?

In fact, he had little contact with me whether he was quick-witted or not interested.

He did not take good care of state affairs either.

To put it nicely, you behave well. To put it in a bad word, he is timid.

"How have you been? It's a very far and crushing place, so all I had to do was to be told that I was alive."

"Who's tied up with Tanya?"

He is the king of the strings. I haven't married my sister yet, but I've heard that if she does, she will definitely be my 14th wife. I heard there's a big age gap."

a son of a bandit

Political marriage is a natural world, but the impression was slightly frowned.

* * *

"Hyun" was a country that was far from the Loun Kingdom but had subtle exchanges.

Located just below the Ming bureau, which is currently at odds with me, "Hyun" was a particularly complicated country with such problems.

"Hyun"... you mean? All of a sudden, why is it there..."

"Do you know anything?"

I sighed at my calm answer, which was written by General Bernil.

Amy, who didn't know the situation, only tilted her head, but Bernil, who has worked for a long time in the royal family, remembers everything about the past.

"I see. It must be the place where Tanya the Royal Highness left for a political marriage."

"I don't think I've heard from anyone else."

"That's right. 'ﬁﬁ' is a country that has a strong idea of being a foreign country, and it is influenced by a country that says it is a parent country, so there is very little exchange with other countries."

It is an unusually crushing country among Western countries, which have little exchanges with other continents.

"In the past, the 'present' country was made up of many small tribal countries. The present state is an alliance of those countries."

So

To keep the power of unity as the forces unite...

"You pushed for a marriage alliance at random."

"Yes, it is."

"What's the big deal?"

"What?"

My grumbling made him look suspicious. Surely he doesn't know who the Earth is.

"It's nothing. Then why is Tanya? It's not even a country that has a big connection with the Kingdom of Loun."

He nodded quietly to my question.

"This is a matter for you... ...and why don't you hear it yourself, Your Grace."

"Don't try, General Bernil."

"It's my father, no matter how much. Your Majesty may be looking forward to hearing from you. No matter how king you are, your Majesty is a human being. That's what father is."

"......"

At his words, I covered up the plans that I had never stopped drawing.

Obviously, this is not a small matter, so reporting was essential.

I've been putting it off day by day.

It certainly wasn't a simple problem to solve.

If you're a prince, you'll have to do at least the minimum.

"Send it to the elder Golgoda. Ask if it's possible. When it comes to the main power, tell him that it's going to make a catalyst out of the Igdracil fruit, so don't worry."

The project to raise the quality of life in Hines is not over.

Dwarves and large amounts of capital were knocked in.

Thanks to the water spirits of the moon forest elves at the water management facility, clean water began to be supplied to each house in the territory.

What does this mean?

기본적인 삶의 질이 올라간다는 소리다.

거기에 멈추지 않고 나는 의학도라는 명목을 내세워 그들에게 세뇌하듯 교육을 시켰다.

위생이 목숨줄을 붙여줄 거다.

사람은 깨끗해야 한다.

당연 한 번 씻을 때마다 대량의 물을 길어와야 했던 과거와 다르게 지금은 하인스 영지에 너나 할 것 없이 물을 끌어다 쓸 수 있으니 실상 어렵지 않은 요구였다.

처음엔 휘청거리던 변화였지만 시간이 흐르면서 그 효율과 뽕 맛을 기억한 영지민들은 이제 자발적으로 자신들의 위생을 관리하기 시작했다.

당연 이 같은 기술력에 감탄한 황색바위 부족은 이 기술력을 직접 황색바위 마을에도 도입해보고자 했고. 나의 도움을 받아 무리 없이 부족 내에도 이 같은 수로 시설을 설치해버린 전적이 있다.

"If it's water, it's power."

No land has dark streets at night.

Just in time, due to the structure of the Hines estate, there is a huge lake just above the center of the land.

And the technology of the land that develops like this will be entirely mine.

This is soon.

It will be a cash cow.

If others have something pretty and cool, I want to do it because of human psychology.

"What's this... what is this?"

"Hydroelectric generator. Lighting the fire with mana is very inefficient. How long do you think it'll take?"

"Well... ...it would take a long time just to look at what's written. It'll take a long time to build a structure, from keeping water from orphanages in motion.

"Let's make it complete in a month. Just tell him to keep quiet about this. You don't get investors, and there's nothing good about spreading rumors."

Modern technology is great. It uses heavy equipment and uses excellent materials and technology.

But there is no such thing here.

Then is it really impossible?

I was confident in answering no. There is something that is not in the modern world.

Right now

Magic, Spirit, and. The technology of the world developed in a different sense from the Earth.

lastly

Isn't there a Spirit Slave No. 1 that can draw a lot of power?

* * *

"Tell him."

The knights gulped down my calm remarks.

Click...

At the same time, some aristocrats found me and opened their eyes to see if I had just come out of Alhyeon.

"De... ..Prince Davy!"

"Long time no see. Wild."

"Well...yes, sir. Did you... have a lecture?"

"I'm doing well thanks to you."

"Well, that's a relief."

I passed them by and stopped when I saw them responding with a face full of tension.

"Oh, Earl Orion."

"Yes...yes! Go ahead. Degradation."

"I hear you're in the food business."

"Yes, sir... ..but..."

"In fact, I often use the food of the Count's business. It tastes pretty good."

He grinned with his eyes wide open as I smiled vaguely at the end of my words.

"Well...I see! I didn't know you'd like it so much! If you tell me, I'll give you a fixed portion."

"No, you don't have to. I'm not shameless enough to get a product without paying."

"Aha! I see! As expected of you, prince! You are an example of an upright royal family in this country!"

an insincere remark

He rolled his eyes at my words.

On the contrary, I could hear the sound of brain rolling, perhaps thinking it was an opportunity to make contact with me.

"Well, Prince Charming, if you don't mind, I'll have you at breakfast soon."

"By the way, Counts. Sometimes, the contents are too poor for the sale price."

"Yes, yes? It's..."

"Oh, of course, the count couldn't have done it without a reason. Don't you think so?"

"Oh, haha... ..that's right."

"However, it looks like someone who doesn't know was playing with food. I've been getting a lot of food items that the Earl is pushing for in the land of Hines."

Laughing softly, he gulped.

If you get caught fooling around with food, you're gonna die.

He coughed loudly and smiled when he sent a look of hope that he would behave well if he had understood my warning.

"Woman... There's no way! Just leave it to me. I'll do my best to help the future of the Lounge Kingdom!"

"I'll just trust the count."

At what I said, he made a mistake and hurried off like a child caught.

"Your Grace, this is Davy."

"Listen."

As soon as my voice rang out, I heard the voice of King Krianes from inside.

The king's reception room, which had been visited for a long time, was filled with silence.

There were only two people on the throne, Vespers, the chief of staff, and King Crianes.

I heard that Varys, who has been appointed the next crown prince, is learning politics by his side.

"The Prince, Davy O'Roon. I see the sun of the kingdom."

"The empty ceremony was held. So... ..did you get hurt?"

"As a result of your consideration, there is no serious injury."

Even if you have a scar, it's usually out of sight.

"This was a little rash. How could you have made such a bold choice, even though you were brilliant."

"I beg your pardon, Your Majesty. The report was delayed because the problem was too large to simply postpone."

"Yes... ...it's a pity that the real power has changed and been resolved without any major problems in the new tree, but if it were to do so, there would have been an irreversible situation.""

"I'll keep that in mind."

There was nothing I could say about his retribution, apart from his mistakes.

He is the king who has to decide every situation in this country.

I'm just a prince.

Of course, there are few people left who actually ignore me.

"Take it."

"What is this?"

"I was going to tell you."

"That's a correspondence from the West."

I squinted my eyes with a scroll that was unique to the western continental country.

"The wedding..."

It contained that Tanya Oloun, the first princess of the Loun Kingdom, would take a bows test and marry for coming of age.

"It may not be good for you. But... ..if not now, I may never have a chance to see my brother."

"Tanya..."

"Would you like to go?"

I nodded without hesitation at his question.

I heard that the envoy will come from Myeong-dong, which is attached to Hyun-guk, so I'll put a warning on it.