235 # 235

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 9 of the Ten Books

No matter how closed it is, there is an intelligence agency in the country.

And even in this continental atmosphere, Hyun's country is closed to politics.

Not long ago, there was something that made them aware of my existence.

the extermination of the world's waters

a war against the Elves

Are they so incompetent that they do not know that the one who destroyed the world's water directly from its main pillar is the first prince of the kingdom of Loun, a small country in the east?

I don't think so.

The common custom of the West is to recognize the strong.

As such, there is no reason for them to provoke me by doing this.

Maybe it's because I don't believe in your dignity.

You're gonna test me?'

How dare you?

"So, are you thinking of using a knife here? Or are you going to take Bin Mama back home right now?"

"What?"

"I don't know who blocked your letter from the middle, but it's not the king's name. Those who have become kings and women according to the laws of this country live in a world that is blocked from the outside. His Majesty the King wanted to remove the law because he felt sorry for him."

"In conclusion, nothing has changed, right?"

"Yes, because deep-rooted traditions can't go away right away. So what your Highness pushed for is a letter. As long as it's a letter, I can get in touch with the outside world somehow. But you stopped it? Think the other way around."

He's been telling me every detail.

"Someone tried to make a connection between the Kingdom of Loun and the Prefect. What do you think is the most efficient way?"

Varys strutted at the dagung's horse and roughed his collar.

Then he gritted his teeth.

"It's the responsibility of the county to find it. You wouldn't say you didn't know the letters didn't reach us."

"I didn't know. I just thought... ..that there was no reply from the Lounge Kingdom. That's what Queen Lynes Barieta, the Queen of the Loun Kingdom of Louns. In addition, I checked the empty Mama's letter to the outside of the 'present' country, and the rest of the letters reached their destination without difficulty."

Barris gritted his teeth at his words.

"Ma'am, forgive my rudeness. I'll take you out in private and safe ways."

"I just thought I wasn't getting a reply. Please, sweetheart.

"I'm sorry, my prince, my lady, please follow me."

Now Tanya is in a particular ritual.

Therefore, the law prohibits contact with outsiders for 100 days.

The problem was that the outsider, his immediate family, Barris or Winley, and even my half-brother, myself, were no exception.

Is it possible for Rain and King to be a man who doesn't mix a single drop of blood with such as that?

It's funny.

Knock, knock!

The door burst open even before the palace moved as if it had been waiting.

"M...Mama! If you go in here all of a sudden!"

"Yes! I thought he was lying!"

There was the roar of the fierce girl and the sound of someone walking in.

'That's too contrived.'

As Dangung said, it was too contrived to be decorated by "hyun" soup.

It'll work out the way you want it to. The culprit is obvious, but it's so obvious that I'm suspicious.

Someone's been after this.'

Someone who can benefit from my ruckus here. He manipulated the situation.

When everyone is angry, they are swept away relatively easily.

Hyun is also a victim.

So

You have to be cool-headed. in a sober judgment

Let's start with this place upside down.

Davey?

Whatever these bastards became, they didn't treat my brother cold.'

It's not enough to treat her like a queen. What?

Test? 100 day baptism?

In the past, it was necessary to engrave that I was not living in the outer palace of the inner room without strengthless.

"Huh?"

"Oh... ..oh, my brother?!"

Suddenly, as I grabbed her arm, Winnie and Varys looked up at me, surprised.

"Cool your head and wait."

"What... ..brother?"

"Don't be hard on me."

With the words.

Whoo! Whoo! Whoo! Whoo!

In a moment, the air was distorted and created a huge crack.

And I threw two of them over the space without hesitation and said to Lünne.

"Lune, stop these two from doing useless things."

"Lunne, do your duty."

In an instant, when the rest disappeared beyond the crack, Dagung, Tanya, and I remained in the room.

"Lady Tanya, are you in there?"

Tanya turned to me with a nervous face as she opened the door and came in without telling me to come in.

And then

He looked surprised.

"Oh... is that you?"

I would have been surprised to see myself standing next to me suddenly disappear.

In fact, I couldn't open my mouth, only looking at the place where I was with an incredible look on my face.

"Winny, you've lost a lot of weighty."

Tanya gave a quiet nod as if she had regained her coolness.

"Si... ..you've taken care of me, and I've been healthy."

It reduces vigilance against itself by appearing to be a thorough underdog.

The path Tanya chose to prevent damage to her home country was thorough self-sacrifice.

"Well... well, I've had a hard time. Thanks to you, other rain is not looking at me very well."

"Go...thank you..."

"Yes, thank you. By the way, we have a customer here, but aren't they even bringing in their cars?"

Tanya opened her eyes wide at her words and spoke to the girl who was next to her.

"In, will you go get the car... ..and get it?"

"That's enough. I didn't come here for a nasty cup of tea."

"Well, that's... "

"Yes, 100 days of baptism is over. In a few days, we'll have a bows test. She has already done well on four previous tests."

Tanya swallowed his saliva at the gas mileage.

"I just hope you don't forget that I'm the one who's helped you so far."

"Uh... ..how can I forget? I... ..."

"Really?"

The cold-smiling woman approached slowly.

Then he said quietly, slowly bringing his mouth to her ear.

"Well, I guess I can pay back this merciful fuel economy, right?"

It was a small whisper, but no one could not hear it.

"What... what do you want?"

"Heavy doesn't want you back home. Well, the reasons are different, but I also want you to stay here. There's only one thing that bothers me."

She fell slowly, blurry at the end of her speech.

I heard that the envoys will arrive from the Ming Bureau this time. Did you hear that?"

"Yes, the General of Ming and the Taepyeong Chancellor are coming..."

"Oh, you know it well. That's what happened. Princess Tanya, it's all thanks to the power of the Ming Dynasty that our "hyun" soup is enjoying this peaceful atmosphere."

"That's... "

"It's realistic. Isn't that right?"

"Yes, Mama."

As if to confront each other, the maidens giggled and laughed at Tanya from behind.

"So, Queen Tanya, please help me. Apparently, Taepyeongjae is very interested in the dances at banquets in eastern countries. Sadly, I and the others are quite ignorant of the dance, so please help me."

Tanya's expression hardened at the words.

"Taepyeong Chancellor will help you a lot. Oh, I don't know. Taepyeongjae loves women in the east."

"Ma'am, you mean that those who are about to take the test of the bow and become queen should do what the prostitutes of the amusement park will do?"

Slap!!

The action was quick.

The fuel economy, which instantly reached out to protest, roared with a ferocious face.

"Where is this place? How dare you come forward!"

"Oops! Uh...Energy! Stop it! What the hell are you doing?!"

Surprised Tanya shouted, and this time the fuel efficiency reached for her relentlessly.

You want me to watch?

a funny sound

However, the movements of the dagung were faster before I stepped up.

Slap!!

"I... what?"

He covered Tanya behind her back, which he dug like water, and was slapped on the cheek instead.

"That's very vulgar. Princess Tanya, you don't know how many goods this country has sent to the Loun Kingdom to marry a queen who has nothing."

"That's... that's..."

Tanya's information is dark. So I didn't know how stable and changed the reality of the Loun Kingdom was and how the atmosphere there had become.

"The powerless royal daughter from abroad. How dare you say that I'm not here, and I'm being loved by my lord, and I'm going to be kicked out of my country without taking the test for four years. Do you understand?"

"You know... you can't do that! The Kingdom of Lounge is having a hard time with state affairs! And if you want to pay back the goods you received through me..."

"So, you have to be gentle, you don't know the subject just because you're a little bit too young!"

She raised her hand like a fever again and tried to slap Tanya on the cheek again.

It is like using Tanya, whose information is almost blocked, by deceiving her openly.

Ooddeuk!!!

"Huh?! Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

at the same time

I grabbed her arm when the air appeared, and I broke it relentlessly.

The opponent is royalty.

He is one of the great monuments of the country, and among them is Tanya and some kind of character.

"Ma'am!!"

"You're lucky you didn't cut it off."

When they shot the girls coldly, they shuddered away as if they had seen a ghost.

So I asked quietly to a woman named Fuel economy, who was crying and screaming.

"I didn't know I was going around like this."

"Who are you?"

"This is David Olloun, the first prince of the Kingdom of Lown. You'd better not ask me why I'm here. There's been a lot of famous saying that useless words hasten your orders, right?"

"......"

Tanya opened her eyes wide as she looked down coldly at her screaming arm held by me.

"Oh... ..oh, my brother?!"

"Tanya."

He flinched at my cold call.

"This is how you've been?"

"......"

"Answer."

At my cold words, the dancheong quickly pulled the sword out and pointed it at my neck.

"You can't do this, Prince... ...let go of your fuel economy mama's arm. Right now."

He doesn't seem to want it, but for now, considering that this empty-headed woman of fuel economy is a royal family of a country, he should take it for granted.

Then, let me help you.

"Wait here."

Two bang!!!

Lightly stirred arms instantly hit the jolting space.

Then, the shock wave there bounced off like a blunt instrument, hit the abdomen of the dagung and threw him into the wall.

In an instant, Dankung fainted without even screaming.

It would be better if you fainted.

There's no reason for a fainted man to risk his life for something he doesn't like.

Then he pulled the fuel economy arm roughly and rolled his feet.

Boom!!!

The surrounding space changes in an instant.

It was the place where Tanya and I were together until a while ago.

But the instant change was in front of a huge palace lined up by men in red outfits.

"It's because it was a while ago."

The combination of me, the fuel efficiency caught in my hand, and Tanya, who followed beyond space, was certainly embarrassing in their eyes.

"Huh... ...Energy-mama!"

And their eyes soon turned to fuel economy, which was shedding tears with its bizarrely twisted arms.

Ring!!!

Window!

I can hear the sound of a soldier being pulled out in an instant.

Then men in uniform, such as dagung, who were hiding here and there, appeared in unison and pointed swords at my neck.

"Prince David, let go of your hand right now."

"What if I can't let go?"

"We can't do anything about it."

My eyes flashed alive in an instant heated atmosphere.

Tanya seemed perplexed because she didn't know how to accept the situation.

"Really? Then there's no choice, I'll just break it all."

If there's no room for conversation, let's break it down and start.

There's going to be a war? You think it's going to work out the way the guy's driving this situation?

It's none of my business.

The fuel economy in one hand kept struggling, so I pulled it and overpowered it, and I shook the other hand lightly.

at the same time

"Uh...uh?!"

"Well... ...the sword!!"

The swords of the troops heading for me and Tanya began to tremble in unison and soon moved as if they were alive, turning for the neck of their owner.

The sword of dozens of military officers was aimed at their necks in unison was Minister Puck.

The military officers held the end of the sword so that it could not stab them, but they were shaking because of its strength was so strong.

"You... What the heck!"

"Strange... ...weird power!"

a two-word sword

The breadth of the field in manipulating the sword corresponds to enlightenment.

Just a few dozen?

That's a piece of gum.

It was then.

Bang!

"What's going on?"

With a sudden roar, the door of the fish tank opened and a man and a woman rushed out.

The man wearing a robe and a crown of noodles was in his 50s, and although he was quite young for his age, he had a significant impression.

And beside him was a young woman dressed in colorful silks like fuel economy.

"Goo... Your Grace! Don't be so happy!

Ignoring the cries of the bewildered, his eyes met with mine.

"Prince David... ...I didn't have to rush you to relieve the fatigue... ...but I need you to explain what this is about. You don't even know the courtesy of finding and keeping envoys between nations!"

"If you wanted to be polite, you shouldn't have done this."

"What? What the hell? What the hell are you talking about!"

"You'd better explain what I saw right now."

Speaking calmly, I threw the fuel efficiency I was grabbing his arm in front of him.

"Oh, my God!

The image I've built up, and the cold image I's. Anyway.

It's a choice that can be smashed all at once.

Elves and human countries are different.

However, they need to know how much it takes for their younger brother to be treated like a whore in front of their eyes and be slapped on the cheek.

No, you should know.

The most precious thing to me now in the world is not Young Ji-min or the Kingdom of Louns, but the unborn brothers and sisters who loved me before I fell into a coma.