231 # 231

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the tenth and fifth installments

"Huhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

I'm out of breath.

This was unexpected.

Whirring... ...took...

Let's play together.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

The blond man, who was sitting down and holding his breath, ran with his eyes wide open as soon as he saw a piece of paper flying in the dark.

It's dark everywhere.

It must have been a familiar path, but it was so unfamiliar now.

The opponent had been doing this kind of thing from the beginning until now, as if he was determined to dry his own blood.

When you stop after a long run, the paper flies in one by one.

But the content was strangely creepy.

[Hide-and-seek]

At first, I thought hiding was enough. Elves in the Holy Land? They were the ones who ruled themselves, but what's important about that? Your life is the most important thing.

The problem is that the monster-like female elf, or the bizarre monster in the mask of the elf, found himself hiding in the gap, penetrated among the elves, and approached him.

Then he saw.

The meaningless terrifying smile that the monster had made.

The result is this.

"Huhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

His eyes opened wide as he collapsed due to his physical strength. The injury was quite big, so there was no power to run away.

Now, even when the paper flies, it can't afford to run away.

Took...

Soon a piece of paper fell in front of him.

It was not a human language, but an elf's.

[Found it.]

Took!

Another one.

[Funny]

Took!

Another one.

[Funny]

That's all that. Sitting on his back against a wooden pillar, the saint of the new tree opened his eyes to something that crept slowly in the black darkness in front of him.

"Throwing."

The sound was more like something crawling in a sticky tar than a walk.

"Oh... don't come... don't come!"

The shape is unknown, but something is approaching. Then, as it got closer, his will gradually sank into the intense panic.

His eyes rolled constantly, his breathing became rough and bloodshot.

He's afraid of something that's coming to him, and somehow he pushes his feet back...

The tree was hard and his body could not go back.

"Don't come..."

Now he is about to burst his spirit of shouting with a face that looks like he's in tears.

Something black, which was approaching him, suddenly stopped.

And it disappeared.

"......"

He slowly opened his mouth, forgetting to breathe, while slowly opening his mouth, forgetting to breathe.

Whirring... ...took.

And

Suddenly, something flew over the vanishing popularity.

[Caught you?]

"......"

His face began to turn blue.

Let's play together. Hide-and-seek.

Once again, with the flying paper, the man opened his eyes to something flowing down from his head.

It was bright hair.

by the way

The length of the hair was extremely long, and it covered its body when it grew longer in real time.

Hehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehe!"

His eyes began to expand rapidly and eventually he lifted his head as if possessed.

And

His laughter stopped in an instant, making his eyes the largest ever seen.

"......"

The last thing he saw was a girl with a gruesome smile hanging upside down from the ceiling, looking down and moving her head strangely.

* * *

modern Igdracil

To be exact, the former party's Igdracil "Al" held Emilia in his arms and waved lightly as if he were going to release his long-standing reputation.

At the same time, the air was divided according to her will, creating cracks filled with beautiful light green light.

"Oh... ..."

Come on, follow me.]

The place that followed her with a smile was an ecstasy beyond comparison to the forest of the elf, which was said to be beautiful.

The space where the origin of the number of the world lies was none other than a two-dimensional space that existed inside the collection tree.

A large altar with a transcendent will that seems to have been carved and polished. A small waterfall below the altar was filled with clear spring water emitting a bright blue light.

Inside it, fish with mysterious yet beautiful appearances were playing, and birds with glossy feathers were singing among themselves on the branches at the top of the space.

"Al," who took the lead in the space, looked around without a word and smiled softly.

Then he took his easy steps and picked up a golden fruit open on the branch and threw it to me.

[Hold one.]

A sweet smell pricked my nose.

It looked similar to a golden apple, but the smell was more mellow.

"This... is the fruit of the World's Tree."

[Yes, I don't know who's responsible for losing half the power and making it work]]

As she said, the fault she handed over was not an ordinary one.

Don't you think so?

World number fruit, the most difficult material to obtain in alchemy.

It's called Igdracil fruit.

The problem was that after I terrorized the World Collection once, the power was greatly wasted.

Slowly.

Of course, even so, the fruits of world numbers are not usually easy to obtain as they need the will of world numbers to fall into other people's hands.

"Oh dear, this is precious. It's a good ingredient."

You're a greedy guy.

Walking with her tongue clenched, she slowly sat down on a chair that was gently carved with her sky-high costume.

It's not easy even to get out of here. Yes, I'll have to solve the urgent problem first.]

"Do you know what's going on here?"

[The spirit of the long-lived transcendent is too ridiculous. I've already lost my soul and disappeared. Why did I reappear here?]

Her words kept me silent.

It was certainly far from normal.

What do you want first?]

"Are you going to give up your right to autonomy here, to leave the elves alive and well?"

Can you do that? Ask for something else. My demands are the lives of the children of the forest, the autonomy of this place, and the culture.

"You're so shameless."

She giggled at my words.

Then he lifted up his white slender arms.

Whooooooooooooooooooo!!

At the same time, something like a amber bead appeared over her hand.

If you promise me that, I'll give you this.

"What is that?"

I try to use Persec's power while speaking.

[Jail]

......

The only thing that returned was an unidentified explanation.

This can't be happening.

Persec's power, which turns the memory of transcendent souls upside down, was the only thing that didn't work.

Actually, I don't know much about it.]

"And you're going to put it on a bargaining chip?"

Yeah, it might be of great help to you someday.]

I squinted at her words.

She said she had something to hand me.

Unless you're a fool, you can't just give it away if it's an important item.

"Can't you take it?"

Don't say things you don't like. You wouldn't have touched them if they hadn't bothered you in the first place. I ask for your mercy, protect their lives and culture.

"It's not that profitable."

Talking calmly, I got up from my seat and approached her.

"It was your former world leader who attacked my people who lived on my land, and it was your former world leader who threatened their lives."

There I continued without stopping talking.

"It was her job to lead a large force to launch a preemptive strike. She's got a lot of trouble on the way here."

Then he grabbed her by the collar, blurring the end of his words.

"So you want me to put up all the quarrels and save them? Did you think that I would kill my own people and the humans who fought for me in this mysterious treasure?"

Boom!

Her expression frown subtly as she struck a sleek tree behind her with her fist, threateningly.

"That... ..stop!"

Frustrated Amelia jumped up and tried to stop me, but soon Al stopped her.

[Yes, you deserve it, if you forget the sacrifices of those who sacrificed their lives for you, you'd be disappointed.]

Then she threw me the amber jewel she was holding.

Take it, it should have been delivered to you anyway.]

"Hmm...

I don't feel much power, and I don't know what it's for.

"Let's do a little scratch later and do a component analysis."

I can't recommend it. In the future I've seen it will be of great help to your future. It won't be bad to keep it.]

I didn't say anything at what she said.

She, who should have died out of God's will, opened her eyes again and returned.

And if that's what she gives me as soon as she's born...

As expected, it may be something that God's will hands you.

I felt like I was pushing for it, but I couldn't erase the cheap feeling.

[The goal between you and the people here won't be filled for a long time, though] But if you wash your mouth, you'll have a bloody wind.

"Give us fruits regularly. Not just the current one, but the right one."

It should be this big to rip it off.

Her eyes were tired at what I said.

[Do you know how hard I have to go to bear a single fruit?]]

"Think of it as karma."

It's a sad thing, okay, I'll give you everything. But what are you going to use it for?

"I'll use it later. And one more. We will guarantee the lives, culture and autonomy of the elves. But."

You've been fighting and if you've lost, you'll have to be prepared to take away a lot.

"Give me the full authority on the relationship between the forest and the outside."

She slowly opened my mouth as if to grasp my meaning.

It wouldn't be weird to be angry and go crazy.

Neither Emilia nor the world number 'Al' remained silent.

"Elf has come out of the world, and many countries will try to make contact. I have to make sure I have that diplomatic right."

Wait and see.

I'll suck you to your bones.

You guys had the wrong fight.

What a risky proposition.]

"If you don't want to, there's no compromise."

[Sighs] That's good. Take it.]

What would they do if they were upset? In the end, they were defeated.

They were well aware that not taking their lives would be a relief.

What if I were against you?]

"I'm not going to stop you. I don't really like elves."

No big deal. The negotiations are good.]

There was nothing more to say, so I got up and turned around.

It was then.

[Darkness is coming, the future predictions of the former Igdrasil were unstable, but there was definitely some truthful.]

"The demon King Persec will not be resurrected. Even if it does, the future you think will not come."

No, it's not about the Devil Persec.]

She, speaking calmly, twinkled her eyes.

You should think about why the goddess of Fries accepts your presence and continues to offer you a deal.]

"Tell me more."

[It's not an issue to be outspoken on. Just, you...]

She soon gave me a remark of surprise.

You've seen creatures here that should be in another world, haven't you? Is it just a coincidence?

"......"

[I haven't seen much, but it's just that a change has begun beyond the control of the Lord, and you have an obligation to deal with the pain in it.]

"Sound of a dog."

I'm not the world you killed. I can join hands with you for the future, no, I'll join hands with you to protect my children.

"The elves will protest."

It is funny that even if they believed in world numbers, they would join hands with me, who hated me extremely.

Why did I wake up again, which was not the new capital of the world and was quite friendly to humans? You'd better think about it.]

The conversation with her ended there.