241 # 241

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 15 of the Ten Books

Quick!

I heard something crushed and broken.

The destructive sound kept the inside of the hall silent for a moment.

ﬁ... ﬁ ﬁﬁ!

Soon after, the red black river, which had flashed around, quickly dispersed, leaving only the powder of light.

"Si... Your Majesty!! You punk!!!"

The first thing that came to mind was the general.

He stared at me, his eyes wide open, and soon glared at me.

Then he attacked me without hesitation.

Crying!!

So I combed out his window with Hong Dan in the lock.

"How dare you... How dare you!"

"......"

I nodded my head as I watched him annoyingly angry with his red face as if he would burst right away.

"Get out of the way."

"I'm going to kill you!!"

Crying!!

He ran wild as if he was more angry when he looked annoyed.

In an instant, he took out my arm and opened the street and pulled Manna up, and the blue river began to grow young at the end of the window in his hand.

I knew it was a sodmaster or higher, but it has a high density.

"Stop it! Captain!"

There was a dizzying cry from King Hyun, but it seemed to be beyond his ears.

Kaang!! Kang!! Kang!!

His eyes, like a ferocious beast, had already returned to anger.

"What are you doing?"

"Your man! I will surely kill you today!"

"You're annoying me with your negligence."

I took a step forward as I watched the end of the window poking into my neck like a flash.

At the same time, he slipped out and escaped his attack.

"Huh?!"

Even in such an attack that was impossible without instant judgment and experience, I penetrated him without hesitation and stuck the end of Hongdan's sword in his heart.

"Stop... Stop! Stop!"

Then, just before the tip of Hong Dan's sword stabbed the general in the heart, an urgent child's cry came.

Then, the rousing atmosphere of the cry went silent as if it were pouring cold water in an instant.

"Ugh... ..."

Having thrown out a window that seemed to really kill me with strong force, he soon swallowed his saliva when he saw the eerie edge of Hongdan's sword near his heart.

He must have felt it himself.

The moment when I was excited and didn't look back and forth.

If I hadn't stopped the situation with a cry.

The fact that he is dead.

"Dae... ..General, take down your weapons now!"

With an urgent cry, the general, who was lost in thought, opened his eyes wide.

Then he slowly stepped back, took off his spear, and turned his head away.

"Si...honey! You're safe... ..hugging up!"

My brilliant sword was definitely after the heavens.

As such, the eyes of the general were opened to the sight of his king, who had been hit by a bird that could not even use his hands.

Soon, he saw something falling behind the fallen angel and opened his mouth wide.

"Kkkkkkkkkk..."

In the midst of quiet silence, I inserted Hong Dan and pulled out Cheongdan.

There's nothing like this to catch these guys.

"What's the matter with the noble Lord of the Good?"

"Luck..."

It was certainly an uninvited guest who left a huge sword in his chest and threw up blood in pain.

It wasn't a celestial body that I cut.

It was this man hiding right behind the heavens.

"Chi... Let's break in!! Captain, what are you doing? Hurry up and protect your servant!"

At that time, with the voice of the Empress, who came to her senses, the general hurriedly raised the spear and attached it to the angel.

"Your Grace, don't worry! I will kill those who are at the risk of their lives!"

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

After seeing a man die in front of his eyes, the angel contained the feelings of chaos itself.

"Stop beating around the bush."

Ignoring such a general, I was trampling on a man and pointed the blade of Qingdao's sword at his neck.

"Would you like to answer that?"

"Kkkkkkk...kkkk..."

I didn't think so.

These mosquito cubs are all full of psychopaths.

Looking up at me with a pale face and giggling, he soon slowly scattered his whole body and provoked me.

"I didn't know you'd find me, I'm pretty good for a lowlife."

"He's a good talker. So, I'm not going to answer or not."

"Hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. Don't you dare to be a nobleman of the night... ..khhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

"If you don't want to do it, you don't have to. You talk too much."

Top vampires have almost half-dead vitality.

Although the population of the top vampires is not usually large, have you seen something similar before?

Vampire face.

The one who died to me while gagging in the kingdom of the second prince Kalus.

He had planted a similar force in the bottom of the game.

Of course, the same is true of this man, who is now dying in my hands, who is a man of low rank to be called a top vampire, but he certainly had the power of anti-immortality.

Perhaps that was what he believed.

I'm gonna chop up the oracle, and I'm gonna transform the body into a liquid, and then I'm going to make it again.

But what if you cut him with a blue tooth?

When the basic power of Qingdao, which has the power to cut everything down, and the power to destroy the horse are mixed, Qingdan becomes, strictly speaking, the most feared weapon for vampires.

However, it was different this time.

His body, which had been slowly dying, soon began to distort and turned into a terrible monster.

It's as if they were not vampires but monsters of this terrible form.

When I looked around the silent discourse once, I opened my eyes wide and asked the silent angel.

"Do you happen to know him?"

To my question, Cheon-ja shook her head helplessly, unable to control.

"Mo...I don't know! Ji... ..I don't know Jim!"

This time, he turned to the Empress.

"Oh, my God... ..a monster like me was here."

The Empress Myeong also seemed surprised.

They don't know.

ﬁﬁ... ﬁﬁ...

I asked after lightly bouncing the sword of Cheongdan and pushing it into the sword house.

"They must have been the ones who made the middle of it."

"Well... ..does the prince know what that monster is?"

I gave a slight nod to the question.

"They're idiots who have dreams they can't even make. Well."

The resurrection of King Persec? It won't be possible until she's by my side, and even if it's possible, the future they want will never happen.

"Please forgive my rudeness. He had no choice but to pull out his sword to aim for heaven."

When he bowed his head to heaven without a word, he looked blankly as if he had yet to get out of the panic.

"Jim... ..I understand. Go... Thank you."

I understand how you express your gratitude with your red face.

'What's wrong with him?'

It was as if she were a shy girl in front of reason.

Davey, use your powers.

In my attitude, Persek quietly gave me advice, and I could understand a little bit after looking over the heavens.

You're crazy.

There was a little unexpected result.

* * *

The meeting was called off.

The fact that an unidentified monster hid in a place where the kings of the two countries gathered and talked was complicated enough.

The problem was that the "current" state, not me, had overwritten the responsibility for the incident.

This is Hyun's soup.

Even though this could happen, he could not defend himself at all.

In that sense, 'Hyun' soup was criticized again.

"Mother."

a still bed

While reading a book in a white costume in the room, Chun-ja sat in front of her and looked at a woman savoring the tea.

"What's the matter, Your Majesty?"

"Really... your mother has nothing to do with this?"

Carefully, the empress smiled sweetly when asked by Heaven, who was looking at my mother.

"Yeah, did I do that because I was crazy? Come here, Your Majesty. I'll hug your mother's hug."

The empress smiled leisurely, walking along and sweeping down the back of the angel in the empress' arms.

"Taepyeongjae Sangdo, Daejanggun-do, and Yi's mother-do are all on the side of the servants. Everyone is wishing you good luck."

"Is that so?"

"Yes, trust this mother. Is it possible?"

"Mother... ..maybe..."

The angel, who opened his mouth carefully, looked at his mother with bright eyes.

"Please don't overdo it."

"You just have to trust your mother."

The empress, who swept down her back until Cheon-ja fell asleep with a smile, soon woke up when Cheon-ja fell asleep.

Then he went out quietly.

"Myung Ling."

"Yes, Empress."

What happened to the item?"

"I got it simpler than I thought."

Then a man in a uniform who jumped out of the black darkness handed him a brooch in his hand.

It was none other than a brooch that he gave to Prince Davy as a gift.

But one thing was different from the beginning.

Light light began to leak out of the etched jewels.

"It's because I don't value gifts so much. Chew."

"Do you want me to assassinate you?"

"Aarra, did you intend to ruin your cause for such a trifle? By the way, everything is gathered. The status of the county, the brooch with the power of Prince Davy, and... ..the guardian of the mountain."

Speaking calmly, she turned her head.

"No, you don't you? Chancellor."

"I suppose so."

At the same time, someone walked out from the other side.

He was a young man with pale skin and a cold impression.

Apparently called the Chancellor of the Exchequer, he was an old man with an old and friendly smile.

The present Chancellor was a completely different person.

"All the plans are going well."

"Don't worry. All the plans are going well. Soon all the protections of the mountain's guardian will flow to the heavens."

"Is Prince Davy all you want?"

"Yeah, he's the greatest enemy of my race. But his power is very interesting. We must make his power ours."

"He's not a normal person. If things go wrong... ...I'll abandon you all. It was a deal between us."

"You're worrying uselessly. Heaven's incurable disease will be cured by the power of the mountain guardian. And we kill Prince Davy, and we seize his power. It's just a deal that doesn't have to be disappointing to each other."

The empress gave a determined look at the cold-faced man's words and nodded.

The prince must die to fulfill our wishes.

The most dangerous variable on the continent.

If they can't handle the existence, they won't have a future.

A man in the mask of a Chancellor, or a Chancellor, swallowed his innermost thoughts and disappeared quietly into the darkness.

And the empress, who was watching the rear of the statue, quietly brainwashed at the bed where the fire had been extinguished.

"I will not let Heaven die at an early age. Just trust your mother. Even if this mother is driven to heresy and frightened to death... ...I will save the heavenly bodies."

* * *

The day has dawned.

The day has come when Tanya takes the bows test.

Of course, the "Hyun" country did not stop the test no matter what, as it was the best event in the "Hyun" country and also the "Hwall country recognized by the "Myung" country.

Uh? Davey, what about brooch?

Although it is polite to wear it because it is a gift given by a king of the country for good.

"I gave it to you."

You gave it to him? Who?

"The person who gave me the gift."

Smiling, I soon opened my arms to Tanya, who had changed into conquest after a hundred days of baptism to take the test.

"Orabani!"

At the same time, Tanya came running with a bright smile and hugged me.

"How's your test going?"

"I'm sorry, brother... ...the patient you taught me... ...but I haven't mastered it yet."

I stroked his head without a word at Tanya's hard-spoken reply.

"You can do it. Don't be nervous, my brother will watch from behind."

"Will it...? "

Tanya's pet-like eyes made me smile.

Then he grabbed him by the shoulder and nodded.

"My brother, you've got a lot of muscles, haven't you?"

At the same time, a desperate scream rang out for a moment in Tanya's mortuary.