243 # 243

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 17 of the Ten Books

Dozens of men and women dressed in black and white appeared from all over the place, and people around them heard a gasp of surprise.

"Brother!!"

Frustrated, Varys pulled out his sword and shouted, but I looked at them calmly.

Slurping!!

In time, a chain of heavy black metal flew in for a moment and tied the blue hem so that it could not move.

Hongdan has a physical system.

Cheung Dan cuts off the non-physical lineage.

They sealed me up with a chain of some kind of power.

For them, the most dangerous means to subdue Cheng Dan was the means were the chains of the physical system.

"I overpowered his blue sword!"

I have had a bad relationship with vampires for quite a long time.

If you compare their power to a simple world number, I'm sorry to compare them.

The distribution plot is even and numerous.

Above all.

The fact that they could not locate themselves was certainly different from the number of worlds they were exposed to.

So

"I can't miss this opportunity."

It is a golden opportunity to find their hideout.

"What are you doing!! Overpower them!!"

With the king's cry, the strange creatures that appeared in the air and the humans here began to collide.

But in the midst of that, the vampires surrounding me didn't move at all.

Slurping!!

Their expressions shook for a moment as they gave strength and shook in the right seat.

"What are you going to do with this?"

"I'm going to borrow your power."

It wasn't the vampires that surrounded me that answered my question.

It's so loud!

As the air was torn, a person with acquaintance appeared.

Half Vampires from Ancient Antiquities Found in Reinforce Alpha.

It was Milpy Yoo, the alchemist vampire.

Did you say "Milpieu..."?"

"Yeah, long time no see."

To speak calmly, she swept away her unique pink hair and then looked on the black chain, wary of her.

"The blue sword. It's dangerous, interesting, but I can't risk my life."

"So, you're gonna take me down with this?"

"You're already set up. This trap, it's very powerful. The stronger the opponent, the tighter it gets."

Usually.

At the same time, she held up the cane she had in her hand.

Whoo!

At the same time, a red and ominous magic pearl appeared based on my body.

It is a magic pearl with the language of the Ma tribe.

At the same time, a large amount of power began to escape from me.

The subject is.

It was a large mana stone stuck in her cane.

That's why they put straws in other people's bodies.

I kept silent and opened my mouth quietly.

"Lune."

It's... it's...

Instead of answering, the sound was a bizarre sound in which the air was distorted.

"Huh?"

Surprised, Milpieu threw himself away, forgetting to point his stick at me.

At the same time, Lünne's Light Saver shone once into the space where she stood.

"Tut... ...Lunne, assassination failed. underestimate this"

"You're... ..and I'm sure you're back then..."

The desire was young in the eyes of Milpieu, who mumbled with a confused face.

"It's gotten stronger... ...and I want to study..."

"Lune, choose the word you learned from Davey. Be a good judge of [you]"

After answering calmly, he pulls out a light saver with his remaining hands.

Then he attacked as soon as he lowered himself.

Lünne is clearly stronger than she was when she first woke up.

It was also true that Lünne's reckless dash was burdensome for Milpieu, who is not much different from the previous one, to survive as he evolved himself.

Boom! Boom!

A heavy binge is heard.

The sight of monsters coming out from all sides slowly made me realize that I had been deprived of what I needed.

"Let's get moving."

Quasitic...

My resistance began to subdue me by chains stretching out of the statue.

Soul drain.

It was a magic wand that the Ma tribe used in the past, and although it was refined over time, the original version did not change.

So

"How many times do you think I've been through this?"

"Quadddeuk!"

When my mana dug into a solid chain quickly analyzed and disassembled the structure of the chain, cracks began to form throughout the chain.

"What? He's a little strong. This is it, right?

If it doesn't break with simple force, we have to use a different method.

I skimmed the swords that the fallen people had dropped and dragged Manna out.

"Yeah. Take it somewhere."

I'll see how far they can take you.

That's the play!

If you've made a decision, act quickly.

I ignored the piece that kept taking my power and pulled it out as it was.

Usually, I assimilate most of the power so that I can't feel it.

The reality is that if you're not a person with a really good background, you don't even feel the power inside you.

If you release the fairy tale and operate it as it is, something very interesting will happen.

Chew! Chew! Chew!

As most of the forces begin to be released simultaneously in a long time, the surrounding area begins to be affected.

And the eyes of all who were around me began to reach me with those changes and the appalling strength that came out of my body.

It was a bonus that the fierce fight suddenly stopped.

Even those monsters who have almost no instinct can stop. I can't believe it.

Fear is also one of the pillars of instinct. Unless it's a machine, you have to stop.

The same 8 circle level as the 8 circle element mana.

The ground began to tremble as the ninth-highest class of divinity was released in unison.

The ground shook as if it had been an earthquake and a large amount of strong winds began to blow into the still space.

Boom!!!

And when the force reaches the critical point.

I heard something popping in the air, and the limiter that was holding me down broke down.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

"Oh, my God!"

What about those who are suddenly affected by the power to run wild without control?

If seawater suddenly appears on the land where they were doing well, the result is obvious.

"Gasp!"

Lower-level vampires, who vomited blood and collapsed as they were, were in pain and their eyes were bursting, and the top vampires were barely able to hold out their blood even though they were crying.

"Huh?! What the..."

Boom!!!

And the aftermath was done to Milpyou, who was confronting Lünne.

As soon as Milpieu paused, Lünne's Light Saver penetrated her heart.

"Lunne, a golem implanted with a mechanical shoe. I don't think I'm daunted by this amount of power."

Whoooooo!

In an instant, Lünne, who overpowered Milpieu, trampled on her.

The chain that had oppressed me could not withstand the force beyond its maximum limit and broke down.

At the same time, the blue Dan in my hand began to emit a sour blue light.

"Did you take as many as you needed?"

"Monster..."

Milpieu muttered with a pale face.

"You shouldn't have attacked me if you knew."

"Everyone, run away!!"

At the same time as a quick-witted vampire chant.

The blue black river embroidered the area.

[Super Central Prosecutor]

[Cross River]

[In heaven and earth]

Ugh!!!

The blue flash that flew faster than their response did not give them a chance to escape.

Many things had changed when the blue light, which was so bright that it hurt my eyes, disappeared.

The crow sculptures that had kept me prisoner were smashed and collapsed in unison, and the only vampires who were watching me with tension survived fortunately.

ﬁﬁ... ﬁﬁ...

I walked quietly toward Milpieu, losing my words and ignoring the others who watched my duty.

"I won't be able to escape this time."

I've seen you run away once before, and don't think you can run away easily twice.

When Lünne noticed, he beat Milpieu even harder with a light saver.

Realizing that her specialty is not liquefying, she laughed bitterly and said quietly.

"Whatever you want. I have nothing more to say since I lost."

Their plan to deprive me of my power completely fell apart.

However, Milpieu didn't look very sorry.

"What do I do when my ambitious plans are shattered?"

"Well."

At the same time as I said that. She nodded her head.

"We've already accomplished our goal."

Everyone's eyes gathered around her speaking calmly.

"I have driven your brother into such a situation to lure you, and I have brought you in and brought you into conflict with the 'hyun's Bureau."

"I can't believe you smelled blood in the new water. Did you use your hands then?"

"Yes."

She, who spoke calmly, is struggling.

But Lünne was even stronger than she was.

"Ha......but you can't do anything about your guardian deity alone!"

New things are simply a tool for making contact with the guardian deity.

It was virtually impossible to subdue a powerful presence.

"Ask this guy about it."

She looked at me, speaking calmly speaking.

"Something... ...didn't it go away?"

"A brooch from heaven."

She nodded at my words.

"It's definitely hard to subdue our guardian deity with our own power alone. But. What if I had a brooch with your strength?"

After all, the whole situation was that these mosquitoes were behind the scenes.

He sent me a letter of provocation through the empress and aggravated the situation in the 'present' country, inviting me and crashing into me.

They've already prepared for it while I was in trouble after learning about Tanya's situation. Using the power I stole from me, I began to subdue him in this test of archery, where the guardian god moved.

The guardian deity is an old spiritual being with great power.

Of course, the power in it will not always be the same.

"That... that can't be... that kind of profanity!"

The priest shouts at me, "It doesn't make sense."

"I think it's too late."

Milpieu only answered calmly.

At the same time, a huge pillar of light began to shoot up in the forest inside the scaffolding.

The power of the guardian god to protect this forest, which had escaped from its owner, began to leak out.

The Queen Mother of Ming joined hands with us to save my child and provided us with the materials and information we needed."

"And you lied about saving the heavenly bodies with your skills and power, and you were going to take away all my strength and the power of the guardian."

"......"

She opened her eyes slightly wide at my words.

"Hey, listen up, Half Vampire."

Her face was surprised by my subsequent words.

It would be normal for no one to distinguish between the fact that he is a harp from the outside.

"You didn't take that brooch. I gave it to you."

"What's that... ..."

"What do you mean?"

Her expression frown subtly at my laughter.

I reached out one hand without a word and hit the air.

Quasitic!

At the same time, a spear-shaped longinus was held in my hand.

"Honestly, no one knows the location of this forest's guardian."

"Yeah, I had a hard time finding it. If you're trying to solve it right now, but you don't know where the guardian deity is..."

"I don't know. Do you know why I shouldn't have given you the wrong brooch?"

Her eyes opened wide to my question.

"Location is appropriate..."

I picked up the window that fell on the floor.

Then, he untied the thick cloth wrapped around the soldier's waistband, tied both ends, and fixed the spear tip to the floor.

"De... ..Prince Davy. What are you going to do..."

"Shooting."

A huge window will be a bow and a tough, tough cloth will be a bow.

The arrow...

Yeah, it's widely believed that no bow of this size fits.

I didn't take out the Longinus window for nothing.

Familiarly walking the longinus window fixed in the form of bamboo spears, I stepped on the window that was in the form of a bamboo spear and fixed it with my left foot, and hung the longinus window on the demonstration.

the bamboo spear of God

Isn't there a word that Middle Eastern terrorists used to say in their previous lives?

To be exact, it's the magic wand of Priya.

It doesn't matter because Longinus is not made by the power of the goddess Freya.

"I wanted to try this."

God is with you.

What...

Whoo! Whoo!

Looking at the window that started to glow on its own, I gave strength to both arms and pulled the bow demonstration without hesitation.

Squeeze!!

With a huge sound and a grotesque twist of the bow began to turn into a giant bow, and I murmured without hesitation toward a point in the dense forest beyond the chasm.

"Eat God's magic wand."

Allahoo Akbar!!

It's not an RPG rocket launcher, but you won't be able to compare the power.