249 # 249

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 23 of the Ten Books

The bear, which was purring from afar as if looking at the liver, seemed unlikely to come in until it took action first from this side.

Looking at the bear waiting as if knowledge existed, Maria thought it was good and slowly tore the cloth wrapped around her arm.

Boom! As the cloth tore, Tanya closed her eyes and looked around in surprise.

"Don't worry. I'm just trying to cover my eyes."

"Ha...... but Princess Maria......"

"I know it won't work."

She is blind.

However, she was aware of her surroundings through other factors.

Therefore, no one found it strange that she, a blind woman, was able to find a specific object right away.

The problem is.

It was that it disappeared as it became visible.

The man who's been using his hands

If the hand suddenly disappears and tentacles form, will it be possible to use them well?

Of course it's impossible.

With her characteristics, Davy had definitely condensed into one word.

The presence of a peculiar constitution that feels different because of the inability to see.

He is often said to be a person of special ability.

My brother used to say that when he saw Princess Maria.

It is a case of using force to not see the eyes.

I don't know in detail about its ability, but it's impossible for ordinary blind people to go around with their eyes covered without a cane.

"What are you doing? Raise your bow!"

I told Maria that I would try it, but Tanya was at a loss where to start and what to do.

At that time, Maria's cry that broke the common sense rang out.

Whoo!

Then, not too far away, a thick tree could be heard breaking with the roar of a giant bear.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Maria was also in poor condition, in addition to her screaming and shivering tanya.

Even if I close my eyes or cover them, I can't feel any waves.

It wasn't hard to control the view.

But I couldn't get any distance.

It was like losing perspective when a human suddenly lost one eye.

"If you dig the snow again...!"

Two boom!

Eventually, Maria, who was trying to make an extreme choice, pulled out the tip of her arrow and pointed her eyes at the light, but the bear's attack was faster than that.

The huge front paws that flew in an instant passed her narrowly, but she rolled around several times to see if she was shocked by them alone.

"Curluck... ..Curluck..."

Feeling her lungs crushed, she coughed and looked down at the blood flowing down from my chest.

It's the first time I've seen red blood.

This is the color of human blood. Maria couldn't shake off misconceptions, even though she was able to avoid it reflexively.

His sense of distance is also terrible, but he caught the eye of the world he saw for the first time in his life, making it impossible to concentrate.

Whooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!

After she stepped back from the threatening bear by hitting the floor as if she were playing a joke, she threw up blood and pressed her heart and shouted.

"Tanya, my queen! Wake up!! He's not dead yet! Don't worry about me, raise your bow!"

Tanya's body shrank loudly at her cry.

"I'll buy you some time. His head isn't as hard as I thought... ...but he can't hit his head with a conventional attack."

Maria, breathing out hard and opening the street, shouted loudly, drawing the bear's attention not to target Tanya.

"So... ...you have to do it. I'll catch his eye, and you'll pierce his head!"

At her cry Tanya held the dagung in her hand more strongly.

Then, with trembling hands, he slowly pulled out an arrow stuck in his waistline.

"I feel the wind, I hear the sound, I sense the vibrations! You can do it, right?"

That's virtually impossible.

but

Both of them had excellent archery skills, which was a possible challenge.

In fact, sight is the most important thing for an archer.

"......I'll concentrate."

Tanya, who breathed in for a short time, slowly lifted the pole with her eyes closed.

The continuous roar of the bear and the sound of something breaking hit Tanya's ear constantly.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

At last, her hands became more urgent as the screaming of Maria, who could not escape all, rang out.

'Wind...'Wind!

Then reflexively, he pointed the arrowhead into the air and pulled it.

"Please!"

Peeing!! Kaeang!!

The arrow that ripped through the air headed exactly where the bear was.

It was an amazing level, but sadly, the arrow passed by the bear's head, not its head, but its shoulders.

"I missed it!"

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

"It's all right! I'll turn his gaze off, again!"

Maria, who shouted loudly, quickly jumped up the tree with her eyes closed.

He was surprisingly flexible in how agile he was.

Pying...

Then there was a light green air at the tip of her hand, and she shot a light green flash at the bear's head.

"Huh... did you succeed?""

She opened her eyes wide to see if she was surprised, but the bear's nerves were focused on Tanya, who shot her a little while ago.

"Avoid me, princess!"

Whooooooooooooooooooh!

It's too late to chase a bear that runs fast and attacks Tanya.

When Maria screamed and opened her eyes wide, Tanya clenched her teeth and rolled her body like a bouncing, leaving the bear's direction.

They instinctively sensed the crisis and caught the wind and the echo.

The boy, watching the two men's struggle, smiled quietly.

What do you think is the most important part of shooting an arrow?]

[Eyes?]

Half right. Visibility is important, but even a fool can do what he sees and shoots.

Then what is it? Do you think it'sir?]

I'm going to leave her and then use her. Wind and waves are important, but in order to become a masterhunter, a master-class archer, one must be able to see the flow and determination of mana.]

[Hmm...]

It's like the prosecutor condenses Manna, makes a grain, and finds the flow of the opponent. The difference is, if the prosecutor is willing to create a flow, keep in mind that the archer is looking for an opponent's flow on the other way around. From now on, I will shoot an arrow at you. You cover your eyes and avoid the flow.]

[What if I can't avoid it?]

[ not die, but sick to death.]

a dog-like elf

When the voice of Apolon, the teacher who taught archery, growled in his head, he frowned.

Sensing Manna's flow is the first requirement for the Master Hunter.

Tanya calmly held her bow and held her breath, and the boy smiled and raised his hand lightly.

"Tanya, don't forget. The first is calmness."

Whooooooooooooooooooh!

At the same time, the bear, which was rushing toward Tanya, struck off a pale green arrow that flew toward him, changed its target and attacked Maria.

Maria was basically above the Tanya level and seemed to have a good talent for archery.

He slowly realized his shortcomings and began to recognize them by simply twisting one of his dependent senses.

In other words, they have begun to adapt.

The boy then spoke quietly and softly to Maria, who was fighting with the bear, and Tanya, who was pointing an arrow.

The voice wouldn't reach Tanya, but it didn't matter. Tanya already knows.

"You remember what he said? Tanya, catch your breath."

At the same time, Tanya slowly hardened her posture as if she had heard it herself, and then pulled the bow demonstration strongly.

It'slowly.

At the same time, a huge wind began to flock to the tip of her arrowhead.

Oh, my God... ...loved by the Spirits!

The Divine Spirit of the Prefect was definitely a good man.

His fortune-telling has never been wrong, and his last fortune-telling was not wrong.

If Princess Maria is a specialist and has a natural talent for archery.

Tanya is a man loved by the wind.

If you were a Spirit of Wind, you would have been successful.

Ignoring the alarmed cry of Persec, the boy continued to speak.

"Control the slow-rotating manna, and slowly flow. Think of the bow as your body, and follow the flow that he showed you."

The boy's murmur slowly accelerated the manna flowing from Tanya's body and slowly began to be called the size.

It was a different amount from the amount of Manna that Tanya had basically.

He didn't seem to know because he was too focused.

Princess Maria opened her eyes wide and looked at Tanya, forgetting that the unexpected large number of manna began to mix and flutter in the wind.

"Tanya... my lady?"

"I read three numbers in my mind."

Tanya, who slowly remembered the boy's words, suddenly released the bow with her eyes closed.

He took two more arrows out of his waist, hung three arrows on the bow and pulled the bow.

Two boom!

Then, I let go of my hand without hesitation.

[Teacher]

It was not named by Tanya's brother, Davy, but it was said to be the first name given by the technology maker.

As the wind blows momentarily and a huge rebound occurs, Tanya's new form falters.

The light green flashes of the three arrows gathered together strongly and quickly rotated and flew in, precisely towards the bear'since the bear's head.

Of course, as much as it came face-to-face, the bear naturally struck Tanya with its huge front paws.

Crying!!

However, the bear's arms, which could not be pierced with metal, were torn and twisted in an instant as if it had been ploughed for a long time.

Of course, a bear with a serious injury to its arm can't react properly.

Princess Maria's face was filled with dismay as the reeling bear showed hostility toward Tanya.

However, he opened his eyes wide to the immediate situation.

With his eyes closed, Tanya quickly rotated his body and took out two giant arrows that would have been twice the length of the arrowbox on the other side.

Then, he picked it up, swung it quickly, hit it on a nearby rock, and popped it.

Flaming!! At the same time, surprisingly, the metal began to glow.

Despite the phenomenon of being out of common sense in physics, Tanya calmly pulled two arrows, and did not take a step back toward the rushing bear and released the arm she had touched.

[Current]

a flamboyant arrow

In an instant, a bear attacked Tanya head-on without looking back at the arrow that flew in a strange direction.

but

Soon, as if it had been a bear's fatal mistake, an arrow circling in the air quickly penetrated the bear's brow.

Poof!!

Then another foot caused a huge explosion in the bear's side and blew the giant to the side.

"Sigh... ...hahaha!"

It was later that Tanya collapsed as she was breathing hard as if she had held her breath.

One of the two boundaries an archer must cross to reach the level of a master has just collapsed.

* * *

Watching the images of the two girls who were delighted with each other, I soon appeared there as soon as Maria and Tanya, who looked at the bodies with frightened eyes, disappeared.

Then he took a glimpse of the silent bear's body and opened his mouth quietly.

"Fire Chicken."

It was a monotonous call, but the effect was excellent.

Sigh! Sigh!

A huge fire broke out around me as if I had been waiting, and a huge bird of flame appeared.

The fire chicken, covered with fire all over its body, slowly came up and extinguished the fire.

Then I rubbed my beak against my hand.

"Do you like the successor?""

The fire rooster tilted its head to my question.

Instead of answering, I threw amulets that I took out of my arms in the air.

In this forest, which has the strongest wind energy, it is easy to summon him.

I activated the scattered amulets without regrettably. At the same time, the bear, which had been lying down, slowly turned into liquid and began to turn into a bizarre twisted monster.

It was none other than Gelus, a vampire whose heart was stolen from me.

The problem was that it was almost half distorted and melted, rather than the original.

"Well, that's a side effect."

There's no power without a price. That must have been the price they paid for their reckless use of the source of immortality.

You... you... you!!!!!!

As soon as I found myself, I smiled as I saw a man trying to attack me with a body that was hard to stand up.

"You must have a lot to say."

You... you vicious bastard!!

"Bad? Did you say evil?"

Poof!!

A dark red flame wrapped around him before he could finish talking.

Argh! Argh!

"What you're trying to do is more than this."

His expression distorted when he spoke sarcastically.

"Don't worry, you're done with your work.

The examination ended without a hitch.

The other three were eliminated, but considering that those who pass the test in the first place come out several times, the passing line was rather high.

I'm...

I said quietly as if I were declaring, ignoring the man who gritted his teeth in pain and glared at me.

"Be born under my name, and be present by my command. My authority to you is wind and thunderclap."

With my calm voice, the amulets scattered on the floor rose on their own and began to rotate as if they were alive.

At the same time, huge thunderstorms began to flock from the sky.

"Let's say your name is Kureung."

Loud rumbling!!!

At the same time, hundreds of millions of degrees of thunderstorms poured out from the thunder as if they did not like my sense of naming.

The birth of a blue dragon must be accompanied by a huge thunderbolt.

And, the nasty Blue Dragon has complained to me for giving me his name in a weird way.

How dare you be such a sullen dog.

It is impossible not to know such a situation.

I took out a metal needle as if I had prepared it and stuck it in Gellus' body.

Quazzy! Of course, the large amount of power induced by the lightning rod penetrated him and cut off his breath at once.

"Punishment of good, good. It was natural. Fire Rooster, it's time to hunt dog worms. Bite it!