242 # 242

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 16 of the Ten Books

What you get from your desperate scream is a valuable change.

Ignoring Tanya's plea to stop saying that she did something wrong, I solved all the lumps in his body and opened it up.

However, unlike in the days of Varys and Ilyna, Tanya's situation is the situation, so the effect will be applied a little faster.

"What do you think, you're a little light?"

"That's amazing..."

Tanya, who was crying and in pain, moved her body as if she was surprised by the soon-to-be-coming freshness and light body.

"You can do it, right?"

"Yes! Brother! Thank you! I'll pass the exam!"

Those who pass the test of the bow will pass through a certain point.

This test was not just for her promise to the present, but for Tanya's own life, it was important for her.

Doong!......doong!!

Ppooooooooooooooooooooh!

The low-pitched trumpet sounded grandly with a heavy drum sound.

Tanya, wearing a traditional "hyun" soup uniform, kneeling down under the altar without a word and closing her eyes, seemed quite nervous.

Take the test when you can't even see...

Tanya was not the only one to take the archery test.

There were five people in total, and the other three were strangers.

Only one person could know who it was.

A little girl with a thick blindfold covering her eyes.

It was Princess Maria.

Archery must be a skill that is greatly influenced by vision.

As Persec said, Maria was different from something existing.

It is said that you can hardly see anything, but you can see that your daily life is accomplished without much strain.

Similar to Siman, but capable of distinguishing things by something else, she had the power to clarify things more than most people in a sense.

Is that possible?

'Characteristic personality'

Persek nodded in surprise at my answer.

a person of special ability

It was a name I heard for the first time in a long time.

It was an example of a recapture summoner or a ventriloquist.

By the way, Davy. No matter how hard I try, I'm done with my business.But aren't you neglecting the work of the Reinforce Alpha Knights?

It`s not easy to take a certain amount of supplies and send them there every time."

Every single act like that can't be of much help right now.

At least I tend to regard their purpose as sublime, no matter how cluttered their inner walls were.

In fact, after that incident, the junior apprentices who became knights of the Reinforce Alpha in my Yeongsil.

Among them, there are several letters sent by Anchor Knights.

They were brief news.

Someone caused an accident today, someone went through something yesterday.

Although there was no particular important thing, it would have been more right if the fact that no news was good news.

It was not long before the ceremony began under the leadership of the king to meet the guardian god of the mountain, the leader of the prefecture, or the existence called the deity.

No one can interfere with the test while it is being taken, but not as far as it is now.

The bows' test, which is held every few years, was both a specialty of the 'present' soup and a big event.

It is a test that is the main pillar of the nation.

In fact, it was also famous for creating a beautiful scenery that brightens the surroundings by the spirits of the wind when conducting a ceremony to show respect to the guardian deity before the test began.

Many people take the test every time, but only a few pass it here.

While the colorful preparations for the ceremony were being held, I glanced at the empress of Myeong-guk, who was talking to a man dressed as a military officer.

Then she watched her behavior for a long time and rose quietly.

"Oh! Prince Davy! Where are you going?"

The question of the blind angel flew in.

I can understand a child of that age.

Thanks to the words of Heaven, the eyes around me could only reach me.

"I'm going to get some fresh air. I'll be right back."

"Ah, go ahead. Jim's waiting for you."

When I walked out of the ceremony with the angel behind me while muttering regretfully, Winnie and Varys, who were looking at my back, tilted their heads.

But I left the place without regret and disappeared like a scattering of black smoke.

* * *

'Where's the old bunny going?'

Tanya, who discovered my brother leaving the priesthood during the ceremony, felt depressed.

I don't know why, but I couldn't concentrate.

Even though reverential mindset is the most important ritual.

"Lady Wang."

Recently, precious and happy things have happened to her.

"Lady Wang."

I met my twin brother whom I thought I'd never see again.

"Queen?"

My brother, who was asleep with his eyes closed, came back to him. Just seeing the faces of the three was a big boost to Tanya.

Even if you marry the royal family of the county and become a queen.

I will be able to endure the speculation of other rain in the future.

Therefore, I hoped that fuel efficiency would not bother me at the moment when I had an older brother and two younger brothers.

However, he did not care about fuel efficiency and visited him on that day as well.

I didn't want to see it.

So I was going to let him go.

My brother saw it.

After that?

It was a series of surprises.

My brother, who witnessed the humiliation he was experiencing, overpowered his fuel economy with a gruesome look he had never seen before, and the whole palace...

I flipped it over.

"Anyone who touches my brother will have to pay for it.'

What my brother said remained in her head and did not disappear for a long time.

I'm worried because I'm so embarrassed and honest.

Thank you so much and it was a wonderful brother.

My brother was not the weak figure she had seen when she was leaving.

He was as strong and reliable as if he could fight the world to protect himself.

The strength she had never felt from her father, who couldn't protect her, was imprinted more strongly on her mind.

"Queen Tanya."

"Oh...oh?"

"Are you... are you all right?"

Asked by Princess Maria, who carefully reaches out her arms and sweeps her cheek, Tanya looked blank and nodded quietly.

"Oh... yes, I'm fine."

"It's time to go into the woods."

"Please, I hope both of you pass the exam. Princess Maria wanted to see a wider world, didn't she?"

"I'll do my best."

At Maria's words, Tanya smiled and reached for the bow in the antique box.

It was a high-quality corneal of "hyun" soup that Princess Maria gave to Bego's beard.

Originally, there was no reason for her to take the bows test.

Not everyone is taking the test just because they are "hyun" Korean.

However, numerous tribal unions are keeping each other in check.

It was also natural for everyone to oppose it with all their might that an uninvited guest who had intervened from outside would become a queen.

In such a situation, the king of the "present" country eventually disclosed his or her prediction, and those who were dissatisfied but could not openly reject it as it was officially for the country eventually put conditions on Tanya.

If you pass more than three tests, I will accept it without any problem.

If you're the one who'll enrich Hyun's soup in the future, you'll pass the test without any difficulty.

Is it because their position was reasonable to some extent?

Eventually, the king, who was pushing for it on his own, accepted the offer.

Tanya has two of the three tests. He passed the examination of filial piety and righteousness.

The last one is the bow that she liked since she was young.

The bow test is left.

This was the previous situation.

However, due to Davy's intrusion, the national marriage was canceled and the divorce was almost unilateral.

No one could force Tanya to test her bow anymore.

Nevertheless, she wanted to take the test.

in order to keep her promise with the few friends in this palace who have favored her.

And to achieve your dreams and desires just once.

Hwall has been her friend since she was young.

Coooooooong!

Boom!

It was not long before Maria began to walk with a nervous face as the guardian of the forest began to wake up again.

Thuung...

"Huh?"

It was then.

Tanya stopped as soon as she entered the forest, feeling subtle.

"What's wrong with you? My Lady?"

"...no...nothing..."

Despite her suspicious expression, Tanya immediately shook her head and soon shook off her misconceptions and moved back into the forest.

As soon as I entered the forest, I felt someone's feelings of anger that were subtle, but I dismissed it as just because it was my mood.

* * *

As soon as the ceremony began, a huge and transparent solidarity began to activate throughout the forest.

During the examination, everything is done by individual competence.

The guardian god, who protects the forest according to his promise with the first king, receives tribute and services every year.

And the guardian god gave the appropriate wind test to those who took the test, and most of those who passed it made achievements beyond the wall.

Although very few pass the test, the test of Hwall was also one of the biggest tests in the "hyun" country, as the way to get out of the race is open once you pass the test.

It was not long before he began to climb the altar as if the sacred offering to the guardian deity was very precious, and one of the new shrines slowly moved and slowly lifted the huge statue-shaped body.

Then he quietly began to recite the spell.

"I heard the test begins completely with the offering of that creature and the chanting of an order."

I didn't even ask, but I heard the explanation of heaven.

"What do you think? Jim thinks that Hwall's test is a wonderful test."

"Oh...yeah, that's an interesting test."

"Haha, is that so? Thank God!"

"Your Grace."

Heaven's bright eyes came to me at my calm call.

"Why are you so much interested in me?"

When asked with pure questions, Cheon-ja blushed while agonizing.

"Prince Jim is wonderful."

"What?"

Jim has not been well since he was young. So he envied those who walked outside, wielded their swords, and commanded the continent on horseback."

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

Heaven smiled bitterly at my muttering.

"When I see the prince, Jim seems to feel vicarious satisfaction."

"You'll be able to run around as much as you want one day."

"Heh, thank you for saying that!"

It's just a blessing, but is it that good?

Looking at the celestial sphere, I soon shook my head and turned to the forest.

It was then.

Coo-oong.

The statue the priest was holding slowly began to vibrate and emit ominously red light.

"I... what?"

He was about to say something.

The light from the statue soon shot up into the sky.

Like a signal.

Then, the sky, which received the light, soon came with a huge sound, like a reply, and began to cover the clear sky and the bright sun.

"Jesus! What's going on? Tell me about it now!"

"The... ..that's your... ..."

The king opened his eyes to the appearance of the new bride, who was embarrassed that he did not understand.

Whoo... Whoooong!!!

Soon in the sky.

A giant red statue of a giant crow began to fall.

The statue, which falls like a six-point figure based on exactly where I am, had a huge size of several meters in diameter and tens of meters in length.

As the sky suddenly changed and bizarre and ominous sculptures fell from there, confusing cries came from all over the place.

Between them I could see two men pulling the hand of heaven and leaving this place without a word.

It was heaven and Empress.

"Uh...Mother? Where are you going..."

"Hush. Heaven, just trust your mother. This mother will protect you."

As I was watching the two people disappearing in a flash in confusion with the words, I closed my eyes anxiously.

However, I kicked my tongue and reached out one hand.

Chewy!!

At the same time, the beamed sky shot from the statue's eyes split and something began to emerge from it.

Beyond the torn cracks, you can see the eyes and gruesome faces of the monsters.

And the monsters soon stretched out their arms beyond the cracks, bursting out at random into a torn space, as if to kill everyone here.

The presence of all hideous monsters wiped the color of people's faces, and the hall was filled with screaming and panicking.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

"Ghost... ...monster!"

"Take charge!! Don't let those monsters approach you in the least!"

It was the same for the officers who were embarrassed, but they quickly regained their reason and pulled out their weapons to suit their jobs.

And as soon as the first crack was completely torn.

I gently scoured the body of Cheng Dan-yi in my hand.

"Cheongdan. You can do it, right?"

The answer was not heard, but that was enough.

What I'm cutting is that huge crack.

It is the flow of power that maintains the crack.

If you cut it down to Hongdan, it will continue to pour out.

If you have many enemies, cutting off your legs is the best choice.

I took a step forward, holding on to Chengdan as a traitor, and I stepped forward and blinked my eyes.

"Why don't you break into this great event without bringing an envelope of money?"

[Super Central Prosecutor]

......

Slurping!!!!!!!!!!

It was an exact cut.

but

The opponent is the one who knows me.

The incident did not seem to have happened without any countermeasures.

The red chain that suddenly popped out of the statue, as if it were oppressing me, came out of all directions and surrounded the body.

"Khhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, you've finally been caught Human."

And, with a gruesome voice and a cold, sinister scent that was different from man, began to appear in the air as if besieging me.