248 # 248

The Manreb hero is coming back!

10 volumes and 22 episodes

86. Limits

"The forest... ..is so quiet..."

Tanya mumbled suspiciously, shaking off the leaves in her clothes that were easy to work in, as the forest was quieter than expected.

I've vaguely heard about the test, but this was the first time.

It's already been quite a while since I entered the forest.

Originally, from the moment she entered the forest, she was told that the guardian god of the forest would give her an ordeal, but all she found was a mysterious fireflies that seemed to have been created by the guardian of the forest, which would guide the test taker.

"Sigh...Sigh... ...there! Where are we going?"

Of course, no answer can be heard, but Tanya gasped for breath at the sight of the fireflies guiding her to the deeper forest.

However, the fireflies continued to guide Tanya at a constant speed as they did in the beginning.

And

The place where Tanya stopped walking was where there was a big cave.

Then, there she could meet something huge.

"Go... Bear?"

It was a huge bear that looked dozens of times the size of a normal bear.

Lolrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr! Tanya, who saw the fireflies disappear for a moment with a sound, realized that the test had really begun.

Argh!!!!

And before Tanya's thoughts were cleared up, the giant bear showed hostility toward the intruder who invaded his territory.

Whoo-hoo!!!!!

Heavy front-footed smashes hit the space where Tanya was.

"Huh?!"

Frustrated by the massive movement that didn't fit her, she flied reflexively to escape the attack.

However, when he realized that he had died even if he was a little late, he had no choice but to feel that his mother's bones were all over the place.

"Roarling......"

"You said there was really no risk of life on the test......"

Even if it is a test, what good is it if the applicant dies?

It's also strange to see a mountain animal that could be in big trouble.

Ring, ring......

Soon, as the giant bear approached her step by step, Tanya swallowed her saliva, drew her bow and put an arrow on the bow.

I don't know if it will work.

The technology my brother taught me may be a big blow to him, but she was not confident of realizing it if she was in a hurry to avoid it as she is now.

When humans are in a dangerous situation, they choose the way they are most familiar with themselves.

Tanya, crouching, reflexively activated the manna inside the body.

Wind, answer my call, Heyst!

As the light green air permeated Tanya's legs as soon as the long and short window opened, she exited without hesitation and pulled the bow demonstration strongly.

Then he pointed the bear's eyes exactly and shot the arrow.

PING!! KARANG!!

but

The arrow bounced off the bear's front foot, which he hit before reaching the bear's eyes.

No matter how rough and tough the leather is, if you get hit by such a sharp arrow, you'll be torn and bleeding, so it's normal.

As if made of metal, the giant bear pressed Tanya without getting hurt.

"Huh?!"

Frustrated, she quickly left her seat and fired a couple more arrows. The results were no different.

Tanya's judgment was quick.

Realizing that she was not an easy opponent, she decided that it was better to avoid the body than to be exposed directly to him.

but

The bear stared at Tanya correctly and let out a huge roar to see if she was willing to let it go.

"Huh?"

At the same time, the sound of Ji-ing rang out, and for a moment an intense flash reversed Tanya's view.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh"

And Tanya had no choice but to open her eyes and look desperate in the ensuing situation.

The flash of lightning that burst for a moment put a tremendous strain on her vision.

In an instant, she collapsed as if she had lost everything and trembled with one hand covering her eyes.

Crrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr...

Then, the footsteps of the giant bear that came toward her with sharp ears gradually grew closer.

Despite the bear's threat, Tanya couldn't move.

Humans easily panic when they lose their eyes, the most frequently used sensory apparatus.

I just groaned as if I had lost everything.

In particular, the shock was even greater if you had mastered the archery skill, which is not an ordinary case, and you had to rely on your eyesight the most.

Whooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh!

Soon after, Tanya slowly lifted her empty face with the bear's enormous roar.

I can't see anything either, but somehow I felt that the bear was aiming for him with its front feet.

PING!

Ugh!!

It was then.

I felt his sudden roar and strong hands snatched the back of his head.

"Get it together! The Queen!"

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

It was the voice of Princess Maria.

I heard that most of the test takers are working separately. Why is she here?

I didn't even have that question for a long time.

If it were a good thing, would it be a good thing?

The bear did not chase the two men outside his domain.

"Sigh... ..laughing, I'm not following you any more. It's not a test... ..something's wrong..."

Tanya burst into tears, rubbing her eyes at Maria's murmur.

"Eh... Princess Maria... ..hahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...

"It's all right... ..I've known that something's wrong here."

"Ma... Princess Maria?"

"I... I started to see... ...it's weird... this is so..."

The situation is not good for himself.

Tanya lost her sight.

Maria had a problem when she regained her sight.

"Princess Tanya, take care of yourself. Something's wrong with this."

"What?"

"Originally, test takers cannot meet each other until the test is over. Not to hurt or affect each other."

Speaking calmly, she knocked on the red translucent wall that was blocking the wall.

"And... there's no way in any of these tests to stop a test taker from going out... ...there's only a test failure the moment you cross the scaffold, and you don't lock him up like this!"

She was also slightly enraged if it wasn't normal.

"That means..."

So... something happened. And... ...it's not like a test, it's real. Don't you think it's enough to see the monster that just now?"

"Ghost... ...monster? ...a bear..."

"Bear?"

She, who burst into a laugh, flopped down next to Tanya.

"Does a bear with a manna above the master level look like a normal bear? And what about the princess who lost her eyes because of her howling and her mysterious power?"

"Ah...oh...oh,oh,oh,oh,oh,oh,oh,oh,what do I do?"

Tanya, who had lost her sight, had weakened as soon as she could.

While trying to find Maria with trembling hands somehow, she felt the surrounding floor, held Maria's hand tightly, and cried.

"I'm sorry... I'm... I'm so scared right now..."

"I understand, so... ..it's okay. Lady Wang, I will protect you. So just trust me."

"Princess Maria..."

"We're friends, aren't we? ...even though there's a difference in location, and now she's going back... ...but she's a friend... ...I'll protect you."

Princess Maria, who mumbled bitterly, was still in good condition.

Unlike Tanya, she lost what she could use because she couldn't see, but at least she wasn't as blind as Tanya.

"It may be just temporary that my eyesight is far away. So, we have to stay out of his attack for a while. Until everything's settled out there..."

"Thank you..."

Tanya, who held her hand tightly in tears, smiled painfully.

"I shouldn't have done this..."

"It would be painful if you lost your sight for an instant. I know. Princess Tanya, so trust me."

Mumbling with a nervous face, she knocked on the translucent red wall several times.

No matter how hard I look at it, it was not a robber that they could break with their own power.

"Hold on... if that's the bear's attack..."

Wouldn't it be possible?

That's what she thought, so she decided to stay strong, although it's a little dangerous.

* * *

Can I just leave it?

I nodded to Persek's question.

"You just have to watch."

We have to push it a little more.

People develop in extreme situations.

I'm sorry for Tanya, but I had to lose my sight until the end of the test.

What have you really done to her eyes?

It wasn't like that.

Simple tanya had hallucinations. It's just a darkened hallucination.

But that alone worked well enough.

The younger brother, who suddenly lost his sight, was embarrassed and created a natural meeting by inducing Princess Maria to protect her.

"Come on... ...move."

Really, there's not a black screen, there it is...

Princess Maria seems to have thought that half-dead body might solve my scaffolding.

Sadly, I didn't mean to let it go.

It is none other than the body of the vampire Gelus, who was beaten once by me.

In my eyes, Gellus appears to be fine, but it also seems to the two as a giant bear.

"Come on, you've got plenty of rest, so I'll push you."

If you push them, release them, and repeat them several times, they will get tired.

And you'll be pushed to the limit.

Don't wait and see if you get through it.

Persek frowned at my grim smile.

Isn't that too much for your brother?

"You have to have the power to protect yourself without me. Tanya has that possibility. So, even if it's tough when you can, you should teach it."

Tanya had already learned from me.

I just have to make you remember it.

He who truly teaches others well does not teach talented people how to fish.

Creating and inducing situations so that even a stupid stone bridge can think of and try to catch fish.

It also makes people realize that this is what they think about themselves by not being able to notice it at all.

I think it's a really good teacher.

* * *

"Sigh... ...hahaha!"

Tanya, who has become out of breath, has now twisted her feet.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

"Wake up, Princess Tanya! You can't fall down like this! Let's go!"

Whooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!

Maria clenched her teeth as she saw a bear running mad with a huge roar.

"Sigh... ...I'm wrong... ...Princess Maria, leave me behind!"

Tanya cried out in tears.

Because my eyesight disappeared, I couldn't even run properly because I couldn't get used to everything.

Moreover, Tanya couldn't stand up easily because she sprained her legs.

Crrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr...

Eventually, the faces of the two men, who allowed the bear access to a short distance, gradually turned blue.

"Oh, no, no."

In contrast to the despairing tanya, Maria also frowned and breathed short in her unadjusted vision.

"Lady Tanya, listen up. I can do it even if I don't have to see my eyes. I'll buy you some time... ..and you'll be looking for a chance."

Maria, who spoke calmly, grabbed the bow. Then he blocked Tanya's way and said,

"Oh...no! Princess Maria's eyes are...!"

"I can see it! It's even harder to see it! But what are you going to do?! You have to live for now! Even if you lose your sight, you just have to wake up! So trust me..."

With her weak muttering, Tanya took out the dagung filled with trembling hands and clasped it tightly.

The bow demonstration with Bego's beard, which Maria gave as a gift, felt a strong tension.

"......I'll try."

Then, Tanya, who gradually began to calm down, nodded quietly, closing her eyes.