247 # 247

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 21 of the Ten Books

There was no sign of a trace.

Obviously, there was no sound of stepping on the grass or heart.

He also failed to smell human-specific body odor or the sweet scent inside the human body.

Furthermore, the area has a framework that completely blocks the outside and inside.

But no matter how hard it is, it comes without a trace.

It's not impossible.

If the scaffolding was torn apart and attacked before feeling the aftermath properly.

It was such a secret, natural, and deadly assassination that it was considered to be a word used in such a situation.

Gelus was a high-ranking vampire and had a precedent of getting a stronger power of immortality from the man he served.

However, as long as he was robbed of his heart, which is the source of his power, he had no choice but to lose much of his power.

Boom boom!

His sharp hand, which penetrated the Queen's abdomen, lost its strength and escaped.

At the same time, the monster-like human hand that dug into his heart escaped.

The red-blooded heart showed its presence by jumping up and down even though it came out of the body.

Whoo!

Then, standing absentmindedly, he flew into the air in the form of a huge impact that was soon blown away and fell down, destroying a huge tree.

"Cuck! Cuck! Cuck! Cuck!"

Should we be surprised that the heart is still alive after being stolen?

He clenched his teeth with difficulty.

"Just a little... ...if I had a little more time..."

If only a little time had been allowed, it would have been possible to remove the disturbing empress and extract the power of the heavenly bodies.

He was also very proud of his mission, as it would be a key source of the resurrection of the living heart.

by the way

His speed far exceeded his expectations.

Is this the result of ignoring what the half-hearted and half-hearted people said to never look down on their opponents before realizing this plan?

I'm sure it's a perfect calculation.

"You must have plenty of time to think about other things."

Took...

It was for a moment that the voice of the boy, who threw the blood-stained heart in his hand, touched it.

"Cuck!"

In an instant, he stumbled to the floor, and soon saw the boy's gruesome smile, kicking himself once again.

Clearly, it is much weaker than the power of penetrating the chest a little while ago.

Because he's weak? No, I could tell by the smile.

That he is playing against himself.

"You piece of shit!"

"The house was nice."

"......"

"Thanks to you, I took care of my treasure."

"Yes... ...your son? No way!"

"I didn't take it without knowing how expensive my power was. Isn't that right?"

"......the hideout the Lord has granted..."

"The Lord freezes to death."

He screamed like a fit.

He cried out in a fit of rage, even though he threw up blood.

"I already know your power! No matter how powerful you are, you can't track it!"

Common sense is that there is no way that tracking functions can be applied to the power that has escaped from the body.

but

"You can do magic. I'm the only one who can do it in the world."

And he didn't know that the magic was a processed force unlike ordinary mana.

"What... ..."

"However, it's disgusting that you tried to use me to do this, and you should have done enough of that."

What a son of a dog!

From what he said, they eventually started, but from the middle, everything went according to his intentions.

From stealing with his power on brooch to overpowering the guardian deity and robbing it.

And through surprise, he absorbed his power and made it into a crystal.

He was nonchalant about his eating away at his hiding place.

At a time when most of the top vampires are gone, all that remains is their low-class people, which is hard to use for power.

I'm not angry at their deaths, but I was even angrier at the fact that humans had devastated their homes.

You know they're gonna make this happen, but you let it go!

His eyes were young when he woke up screaming.

I will surely kill him.

No, I'll leave a scar that even the monster can't heal!

A hole in his body slowly filled in where his heart had escaped, and blood began to gush out from his whole body.

"I'll make you regret it. I'm learning extraordinary blood magic among my own people, so you won't be able to prepare for it this time."

"With pleasure."

Ugh!!

At the same time, his whole body was in a blaze of red.

The flames that seemed to burn everything were basically red, but his flames were as dark as blood.

At the same time, his body began to change.

However, before he could change completely, he opened his eyes when he saw a hateful human being approaching in a flash.

"I must have told this guy, Faith, who I met before."

Two boom!

The voice of the boy, who snatched his head and stuck it in a thick tree, came to his ears.

"Why are you transforming into an enemy in front of you? What the hell."

If you think the enemy is strong, you should have done everything you could.

a bravado of bravado

This evil devilish voice came slowly.

Pooooooooh!!

Then, at the tip of his hand, a bright blue light came out, and his consciousness was completely broken.

* * *

Watching his completely silent body, I looked at the palm of my hand, which was frying the spark without a word.

I felt sick and tired of the excessive use of power.

Davey, you're not going to kill me?

Persec quietly asked why the vampire had been killed and kept alive.

"You can't kill him, he's so important."

Her eyes glisten at my answer.

Hmm, have you ever realized that life is precious, no matter how enemy it is? She doesn't think such a change is all bad.

"What are you talking about?"

After smiling and walking, he stepped on the red heart that escaped from his body and burst.

Puck!!

At the same time, the vessel containing his power was smashed and the power of red air currents scattered in all directions.

Now it was safe to say that most of his power had been lost.

"Tanya should take the test, too."

It's crazy, but.

You promised to let me take the test, so I have to let you take it no matter what.

It was the first request from a cute little brother who wouldn't hurt to put it in his eyes.

Originally, we would have to take the test of the mysterious giant, the forest guardian.

If he can't move properly, he has no choice but to prepare for it here.

It is practically impossible to give proper tests to others that have been accumulated right away in such a short time.

but

One truth certainly exists.

The actual battle makes more changes than I thought.

In extreme circumstances, humans...

It develops without even realizing it.

You can put them in extreme situations until you can.

What if it doesn't improve?

"It's not just passing the test. Persec."

No matter how precious his brother Tanya is, he cannot compromise.

"Maybe, there's no problem."

Tanya also has no idea what's happening inside her body, unlike Varys.

I walked away ignoring the vampire Gelus with twisted skin without moving, and now I slowly approached the fallen empress who was fatally wounded by him.

"Kkkkkkkkk..."

It was an amazing fatal wound to be alive.

But she was not dying with a surprisingly spiteful face.

Although she was choked beyond words, she desperately grabbed me by the gears and my legs.

You want to beg me to save you?

Sadly, I didn't mean to.

She would rather die here than die here.

"Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk..."

"God?"

"Your Grace... ...Your Grace."

Bloody tears poured down her eyes, desperately squeezing her voice.

As she fell on one knee without a word and approached her, she begged me as if she had squeezed out all her dying strength.

"I... ..kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk

"You can kill me, so you want me to save your servant?"

I showed a cold smile to her desperately nodding her head.

"Why should I do that? Can't you see what you've done?"

When asked pointing to the half-wave forest, she held my leg in tears of blood and begged.

"My... feet..."

As long as everything fails, that child can't live long anyway. So please.

Her hard-spoken meaning has been well conveyed.

I tried to cure him. I'll cure him. Now that the mosquitoes who spoke have cheated, she must feel like her head is collapsing.

I don't think the disease has healed properly because something strange has turned into a half-dead body that can't even wake up.

At the end of the sentence, she fell apart.

It's completely silent.

As I looked down at her, who had hardened, without a word, Persec murmured bitterly.

Motherhood is amazing...

"Are you jealous?"

Even if she died and became a spirit... her dream was a simple mother.

As soon as the command was activated, the ghost began to slowly escape from her body, which became her body.

"......"

Davey.

"What will you do for me?"

Realizing what she meant, I asked quietly.

Let's negotiate with one thing you want.

"What's the point? There's no reason for you to do that."

Yes, it's true that you've benefited from this, but it's not the right thing to do. It might be a good thing for this woman to die here. But...

"The heavens are different?"

She nodded quietly at my question.

Apparently the only one who could interfere and protect the heavenly bodies was this woman.

So if she disappears, it's obvious that the future is left for heaven.

"You lost a bet with me once in the first place. Did you forget?"

......Oh, just do it! She's been helping you so much, and I don't think I can do this.

Clearly, it was she who gave me feedback and coordinated my plans when I made any plans.

If she wants to be fickle.

"......even if you kill a sick man, you treat him and kill him..."

What are you talking about?

"It's just a stupid promise I can't keep. Get out of my way. I'm going to get caught up."

The body of a child who was born and lived by deceiving his or her gender was truly miserable.

There is no way that the body, which contains too much energy in the body where there should be a lot of yin, will not be affected.

The external-injected yin were twisting against each other.

Wait, if you teach the Taeguk yin and yang shin on a body like this, an enormous monster will pop out.

She looked almost as if she were a girl or a boy.

In the end, the result of forcing a small girl who has not yet come to live as a man and inhaling a large amount of yang energy to force a man to live as a man, ultimately cutting the child's life to the extreme.

Uh-huh.

At the same time, my whole body is full of white energy.

Then the other half of the battle began to happen.

I didn't learn how to play yin-yang with black and white. It will be possible to produce similar effects by using divine power and command mana.

Boom!

Along the gently moving fingertips, a pattern is created over the groaning child's body with his eyes closed.

At the same time, the curved jade made of light shone, and the two forces began to permeate as if they were in harmony.

"I wonder if I'm making a monster."

No way.

"I don't know."

I slowly opened my eyes after saying that.

Then he said, crushing all the harmonious forces into the twisted heart of the heavens.

"Open your eyes, can you sleep in your situation?"

Coooooooong!

Cardiopulmonary resuscitation. A defibrillator consisting of a mana hits the heart of the heavenly body once more.

To be exact, the two forces that form yin and yang were crushed to suppress the monster's overflow of power.

It's a dangerous procedure that can kill you if you make a little mistake.

The number of patients I have killed and saved is millions.

The effect was quickly revealed.

The eyes of the angel, who had closed his eyes, opened.

"Oh, my God!

Then he gave a painful groan and turned his body into a rider.

"Okay?"

As Persek chuckled at my question, I rolled around the angel lying on the floor with a blank face.

"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Prince Davy!"

"Your Majesty, please be quiet."

"Huh?"

Ignoring the struggling celestial body that couldn't remember what happened, I used the commander's mana to raise the fallen vampire Gelus.

You thought the vampire wouldn't be undead, did you?

Later, he slowly put one hand to his ear and said,

"Lunne, let's start the test, tell Enabel to hang the debuff as I told you."

Tanya depends too much on her eyes.

Let's take away the view first.

On the contrary, the blind princess, who was beside her, could give her the illusion that she could see her eyes.

People grow up when they are in an unexpected situation and overcome such a crisis.

[Accept command. Elder Brain, give me a very efficient command.]

When I heard the answer as if I had been waiting, I smiled softly as I watched the vampire Gelus slowly lifting up along my fingertips.

The effect will be even better as it is a form that can be frightened just by looking at it.

"From now on, you can show hell to the five people who are taking tests in this forest. If you become a sandbag excitedly, your share is over."

I'm sure he declared that he'd let all the pain and death come to him.

A promise must be kept as it is.