240 # 240

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 14 of the Ten Books

Due to one mess, the interior of the royal palace of the "hyun" soup looked very hectic.

"What, where are you going?"

"Whoa... ...go to prison."

A tray of hot food was being carried over by a cover on the hand of the sighing and answering was covered with a cover.

"Ok? What's that food in jade?"

"Didn't you hear that? It's the gas horse."

It's an order.

"You were there earlier?"

"Who can't believe it's not? It's already the 12th time."

It is already the 12th delivery of a large meal to be eaten by a long man.

That's not in a few days, but in half a day.

"One person ate them all? Haha, if you really do that, your stomach will explode and die."

"The jade boys who work in jade told me that they really ate everything without hesitation. And keep bringing it back. It's a thug."

Can a person cram so much food?

Common sense doesn't make sense, but it's becoming a reality.

"Well, then, where's that personality going? You can tell by the sight of the Eastern Kingdom's princess. Have a hard time."

"Whoa... where do I not see the prince?"

The atmosphere was unexpected.

Prince Davy, who came from a small kingdom in the Eastern Kingdom.

The brother who discovered the reality of a helpless kingdom girl being bullied. He overturned the entire palace, which seemed impossible to resist.

Because the viewer had changed his mind to a refreshing degree, some of the women in the palace felt vicarious satisfaction with it.

Of course, I'm just keeping my mouth shut because I'm making it obvious.

* * *

Tanya put a lot of effort into learning the skills I taught her.

The flow, arrangement, and method of mana that I let out.

Nevertheless, it was not easy to implement the technology as it was when it first shot.

The test is ultimately taken by Tanya.

If I help you, you can send me off again and again, but I couldn't ask for my help until the test.

However, Tanya did not want to cheat, so she tried hard to reproduce the technology of the time.

From early morning, he pulled the bow demonstration and practiced to the point where his soft skin was chapped.

Of course, Varys and Winnie looked anxiously at Tanya's behavior, but they couldn't stop her because they had never seen her so greedy and trying.

Time went by like that, and around the time when the test was just around the next day.

I was confronted by a man who came to see me.

"You want me to come?"

"Yes, Prince, the angel of the Ming Dynasty asks you to see him."

"Hmm...

In fact, the Ming Bureau has constantly sent me official documents on the sacred land of the New Tree.

"By the way, the Celestial Spheres came in person?"

The way he didn't take care of an example made his inner circle wince, but he didn't show it to the public.

I'm not the one who's disappointed.

"Well...that was...that was supposed to arrive at the Taepyeongjae Shrine and the General Staff, but... ..that suddenly changed the schedule at the Ming Bureau."

"...well, good. Guide me."

It is also funny that I, the prince of other countries, intervened in the place where the two countries held talks.

"I..."

He looked at me hesitatingly when I was asked to guide him.

"You got something to say?"

"It's... ..prince, it's a gift from Heaven."

Then he turned his head and I quietly accepted a box from the officer that followed him.

In there.

There was a small brooch in it.

The shape of the jewel, which looks expensive at a glance, was surprisingly neat.

"Heaven is very interested in the Prince's story of dance. If possible, this..."

"Okay."

I spoke calmly, took out my brooch and smiled furtively.

* * *

the heavenly beings and empress of the realm

And as it was a place where the king of the county of "hyun" faced each other, there were many people everywhere who were guarding the place of the talk.

The elite soldiers of the county and the soldiers who appear to have come from Ming.

The appearance of not allowing even a single ant baby to pass through made me laugh.

"Stop it. You can't just enter."

The officer who was guiding me at the entrance frowned slightly at the sight of the soldier blocking me.

"What the hell is this? Get out of the way!"

"This is the place where Cheonja and King of the County are having a conversation. I don't know who you are, but you can't just enter...

Slap!!

It was a moment when the gatekeeper's cheek turned, shouting proudly as if he was going to do his job, turned around.

The inner circle raised his cheek with a stern look.

"He's the one who wants to meet. How dare you be a man like you to stand in his way!"

The gatekeeper opened his eyes wide and looked perplexed.

However, he immediately bowed his head and stepped down.

"Si... Excuse me!"

You didn't even put in a proper stovepipe...

My expression hardened itself to the attitude of being tested.

"I'm sorry. Have some. Prince."

"I will."

I don't know how smart he is.

It would be nice to have a look.

The auditorium was huge, magnificent, and splendid.

Even the king's palace is not like this.

I had that feeling.

"This is the place where the envoys of Ming stay when they come. How do you like it?"

"Your belly is bigger than your belly."

"......"

I laughed at my biting criticism.

Myeong-guk has long been involved in many internal affairs, claiming to be the parent country of the "hyun" country.

Of course, it was a place where you could see that the status of 'myeong' soup was not normal.

"Your Majesty! Prince David Olloun, the first prince of the Loun Kingdom, has come!"

It was not long before the inner circle shouted nervously over the huge threshold.

At the same time, a resonant child's voice was heard from beyond the quiet door.

"D... ..Listen!"

Shake!

"Let's eat."

"......"

I took a glance at the inside view of my retreat after bowing to me and walked silently.

A large table was placed inside the hall, one of the most standing seats, and a couple more people sat on the left and right sides.

"This is David Olloun, the first prince of the Kingdom of Lown. It's an honor to meet the heavenly beings of Ming."

After calmly kneeling on one knee, I soon looked up at the voice I heard.

"Well... ...you've come. Prince Davy."

I looked a little surprised at the nervous voice and erased it for a moment.

"Children?"

You said you were a heaven in 'Myung' soup, but I didn't expect you to be a child who can't see the state of affairs yet.

Persec looked quite surprised, too.

The girl at the top of the table, or the boy, honestly had a well-rounded, young look that was suspicious of his gender.

He's 12 to 13 years old at best.

By Earth's standards, he was only about an elementary school student.

No matter how fast the world is growing and the timing of education is fast, the age of heaven seemed too young to lead the country.

"Huh! What are you doing? Prince! How dare you look into his eyes!"

It was then.

My eyes turned to him in the roar of a man beside me.

"Stop... Stop it. You'really!

A man of grave impression, called a general, seemed to bow his head in a dignified manner at the cry of a bewildered angel.

"Oh, my lord!"

"Uh......it's fate!"

"...yeah, my lord..."

While saying so, a man named General could not hide his unpleasant feelings from me.

"Uh...Welcome, prince. Jim called you without any connection because he wanted to meet the prince. Did you like the gift?"

"Thank you for your kind offer. I will not forget this grace."

Speaking calmly and sitting in an empty seat, I scanned every single person in the hall.

The one sitting on the left was the king of armies.

He was silent with a complex face.

Then, after passing the ceiling at the top, there was an old man and a young woman sitting on the right.

"Oh, I've heard a lot about you because you're the one who made the continent tumultuous. I didn't know you were such a wonderful person. Don't you think so? Chancellor."

"Huh, that's right. Empress Dowager."

The smiling man gave a good smile.

"It seems like something is hidden away, and I wonder if I can get it."

Heaven looked at the empress with astonishment at my question.

"Oh, that's great of you to notice. That's right. It's one of the treasures of Myeongguk that makes the prince and wearer feel comfortable."

I grinned at the question.

"Relax your mind... ...it's definitely great."

My muttering gave the empress a relaxed smile as if she liked it.

"In fact, the Heavenly Prince wanted to see him so badly."

"You mean me?"

"Yes, you're a famous man on the continent. Actually, the Heavenly One wants to hear the Prince's story. Ho Ho Ho Ho."

I also answered the smile with a smile.

"It's not difficult. There's nothing great about it."

"Oh, I'm glad to hear that."

The smile of the empress disappeared my intention to stall.

"But there's something we need to do before that."

The empress squinted at my words.

"If you think you need to solve it..."

"You've sent quite an interesting message to the Kingdom of Loun, from Ming to the work of the Holy Land of the New World."

Then, I posted a letter I had taken out of the subspace.

The content is complicated, but if you shorten it simply, you get this phrase.

As Heaven commands, immediately withdraw the pressure on the Holy Land and return the diplomatic authority.]

"May I ask what you mean?"

"What is this?"

The angel murmured bewildered.

You don't know?

"You don't know?"

"Well... yeah, uh... what's this, Mom, what's this?"

The empress squinted at the question of Heaven.

"I see. This is definitely a letter from Ming..."

My eyes narrowed at the appearance of muttering as if I had never seen it before.

"Ji... ...Jim never sent this letter to the Louns."

"Is the seal a lie?"

Are you kidding me?

As the atmosphere suddenly cooled down, the general, who was behind, rolled his thick hand and held it.

"This... this is someone's fault, Ji... ..and Jim, I swear, has never sent this letter to the Louns and princes!"

It's as if I didn't do anything wrong. The voice of heaven rang out like a desperate child.

The alienation of someone between 'Hyun' and me.

And even a letter from Ming, which I had reached before.

Someone in the middle played a joke with determination.

Then what did they want?

That's what I thought.

"You lured me here without fear."

The quiet murmur of my voice silenced the crowd.

The suffocating pressure weighed down the crowd for a moment.

I don't care about inducement.

It's quite annoying that you dared to move me my way.

He looked like he really didn't know.

Let's see how the Empress Dowager is.

"Dear Empress, do you know anything about this?"

"Well... ..the seal must have been jade, but I've never sent a letter like this either."

That's what I'm saying.

Then I'll just ask over there.

I stood up and looked down at them quietly.

"I'm sorry, but I'm going to be a little rude."

"Excuse me?"

Ignoring the mysterious angel, I reached out quietly to the air where there was nothing.

Quajac!!

At the same time, the space at the fingertips was distorted and soon broke, and Hong Dan was pulled out with a red light.

"Well... ..the sword in the air!"

"Oh, my God!"

With a surprised voice and an urgent expression, the general of "Myung"guk pulled out a spear and pointed at me.

Oh, I don't know. Just take a look.

My actions were faster.

I drew Hong Dan, who was held in my hand without regret, toward the heavens, and the red image flashed around for a moment.