244 # 244

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 18 of the Ten Books

85. It's hard to get out of hand in hand. So, run like a dog.

That's the play!

The screaming spear would have been broken if it were a simple tree.

Of course, the same is true of metals.

Even if it is a hard window, if it bends on schedule, it immediately loses its tension.

Of course it's stupid.

I was called a monster who saw the texture of metal in the thousand-day field, which made the sword Caldiras and the original form of Qingdao and Hongdan.

Also, the cantankerous mutt that learned to god, Odin died in the wizard to Mana control and eodeoteoji.

Even if the metal breaks, it's not difficult to strengthen it for a while.

So

Almost impossible for others.

It means that only I can do it.

Of course, the problem is, that's all.

It wasn't.

It is possible to penetrate the defense capabilities of blood-red solidarity contaminated by vampires and the guardian deity that may be anywhere in the forest with the chance of winning the lottery.

Impossible?

Do you think I gave you a brooch simply to induce this situation?

It's my strength.

It's the power I have with the purpose.

Of course, I can clearly see where my power is emitted from that forest.

"It's impossible. Finding a guardian somewhere in that forest."

Ignoring Milpieu's words, I put a manna around my trembling arm.

Fluffy!!

At the same time, he trembled with a thick tendon on his right arm, which was pulling the cloth, and when the tension was raised to its maximum.

[Sin-Gung-Gung-Suk]

[Dropping the Sun.]

He supports the pole with his feet without hesitation and liberates his hand holding the longinus.

Two boom!

At the same time, dozens of large circular shock waves appeared, and a golden flash lit up the area.

And the flashlight, which caused the huge sonic boom, flew in, creating a huge gale of wind around it, and collided relentlessly with the first of the Vampires' mutated dogma.

Squeeze!!

The result? The solidity that surrounds the entire forest must be strong. Or will my aggression against a single point man be stronger?

The direction of the flash was completely different from that of the great pillar of light, the place where the power of the guardian deity leapt, but that was enough.

In the first place, what I was after was the pillar of light, which is not the place where vampires, empires, and angels are supposed to be.

The light did not lose its power, even as tens of hundreds of meters of trees were penetrated and broken in the aftermath of the flash.

Kueong...

Around the time when the flash that flew without stopping completely disappeared from view.

A huge gold mine took place over the forest.

As the Great Forest is already filled with the power of the guardian deity, it is hard for me to find it unless I search for the exact location of the guardian deity.

But, as long as I've heard the vampire's plan and told me that they're going to put the brooch they stole from me in the heart of the guardian god they had already found.

I didn't have to find the location.

The place where I have power is where the guardian deity is.

"How... ..."

Ignoring the question of Milpieu, who mumbled as if she couldn't believe it, I lightly loosened my legs and threw away the bent spear by loosening the cloth.

"Use your head for 100 days. You don't think I've ever done what you're doing?"

That's what hands-on experience is.

In my previous life, when I played PC games, I used to call it that.

a dead person

What can I deny? It's not wrong. The corridors, which were relatively free to be implemented, embodied the number of enemies that many heroes met in their lives.

I've had experience colliding with them for hundreds of years.

Thinking is what goes around and around, and the developing human thoughts are all similar.

But is it possible to get every single one of their behavioral patterns.

'Half the inference.'

A life-threatening fight must be clever and cheap to win.

Kill my information as much as possible, but dig up as much information as possible from my opponent.

No matter how strong you are, the only thing that remains behind you is a bitter ending.

I opened my mouth quietly looking at Lünne overpowering Milpieu.

"Lunne, what about Enabelle?"

"I'm doing my job without any problems. I'm leading the test takers without any problems."

"Tell him not to get off the point."

Using the power of the forest guardian to pass the test? Come on, I'll cover for you.

Even if it is not at the level of the Shingung Apolon, it can be easily given a test that will make the archers more than once.

It's a bit radical, though.

What Tanya wants is to break down the wall with her own power.

As an older brother, I don't think I can do that.

Instead, I couldn't just care about you because it was important this time.

"I'm overpowering. Don't let him run away."

If you run away again, I'll let you hang out with Hongdan and Chungdan for a few days.

Lünne's complexion turned blue at my murmur.

Most of the vampires were killed and the monsters that popped out for the air attack were all cleared up.

All that remains is to clear up the ruckus of this work and achieve its real purpose.

They considered me a danger, but they were no more or less than a nuisance fly that interfered with my way.

"Hongdan is Chengdan."

Whoo!

At my call, the blue Dan on the floor rose into the air with a roar.

At the same time, the air was torn apart, and Hongdan also appeared, then rose into the air and flew near me.

"Eh... Prince David! Where are you going?"

"I'll come back and get this straighten it out. Don't worry about it. I won't destroy the forest anymore."

In the first place, part of the Great Forest was already blown away with the first shot of the sun.

"Oh, but if the opponent runs wild, it might break even more."

"Prince Davy!"

"Get it together. With or without me, what they're after is the guardian deity. If the guardian is completely overpowered, this country will be doomed."

When a guardian with a gentle personality runs wild, the aftermath naturally heads to the nearest place.

You're going to stop the Guardian with this much power?

That's impossible

Leaving the officials of the "hyun" bureau, including the king, behind me, I walked past the crumbling chasm without hesitation.

[Monthly report]

The smoke of a black car splashes around my body.

We arrived at the entrance of the forest on the first foot.

On the second foot, the surrounding area changed completely and the surrounding landscape changed into a huge forest.

The only thing I could hear as I passed through the forest at high speed was the sound of strong winds, and the sound of grasses scattered by the wind.

And when my steps stopped, I could see nothing but a completely destroyed pile of debris around me.

All I could see was a giant crater.

But one thing.

The existence I'm looking for was definitely there.

A giant giant kneeling on one knee in the middle of the crater.

It's...

The guardian deity of the forest, which is already silent as if it had lost its reason, had heard of it once or twice and had seen what it was like.

I overheard the conversations of vampires.

It was a gambling attempt, but when I got it right, I thought it was worthwhile to induce this situation.

"An ancient recovery. A monster..."

Are you a freak?

"Um... ..the retaking of the Luxehm.

In the first place, a person with special abilities as a recall summoner does not exist in the Tionis continent.

Returning to the Lux Continent, where Shane Scrift, who was a hero as a recall summoner, lived.

In my answer, Persec looked at the monster with a surprised look.

I've heard that, to be honest, a monster is just like a part of nature.

In other words, he was not able to exist in the land of Thionis.

Doesn't it seem like a familiar situation?

a transcendental body that had lost its reason and had not been able to run away

The same situation as Shandra Minnea'sia.

The giant, which is shaped like a human but has a huge body and a full body of rock, was well over 100 meters in size.

If a giant this size shakes his fist once, it'll go crazy.

Sadly, at that level, it was less than the alter ego of Shandra Minnea, the King of Revenge and the King of Land, but it had a distinctly different power from the basic monster because it had absorbed the power of the wind for a long time in the forest.

It's just... it's just...

It was not long before the monster's red eye reached me.

There was a groove in the center of his chest, as if someone had dug it.

There was a small but familiar object embedded in it.

It was when I got it and it was stolen. No, exactly the brooch I gave you was plugged in.

Even in the midst of the explosion, some sort of power seemed to have offset most of the power of the bamboo spear.

Whoo... Whoo... Whoo! Ttung!!

Turning my head without a word, I could find a huge, silent window stuck in the back of the monster.

It was Longinus, the spear I sent.

It is a window made of Heleneium, which is as strong as Adamantium.

As it contains power that is physically impossible to destroy, it was not scratched even in this explosion.

Destructive power, durability, and utility.

Simple yet simple.

It is a weapon like an all-round beauty.

"It's good to be quick with items."

I opened my mouth quietly after storing the long, sharp windows in the subspace without difficulty.

Yeah, I'm going to do what I was going to do before the distraction arrives.

That's why I went through the pre-survey and left in the middle.

...kill me... ...killing me.

The voice of the mysterious man, who spoke as if he had waited for now, rang out heavily.

"You had reason, too."

I... ...the guardian of this forest, this forest is my home. And... ...the only place that holds my reason.

The grotesque stone answered with a wiggle of red eyes.

But... ...weird beings overpowered me. I resisted, but they were persistent... ...knowing my weakness... ...and digging into me. I lost my reason... again like in the past... I ran wild.

"What is the root cause?"

My power... ...is taken away from this forest... ...the power to hold my reason... ...the human woman, the little man she had... ...the mysterious disease... and it wasn't human that took my power.

A human woman would be talking about the Empress, and a small human being would be talking about the Heaven.

And the guy who's not human.

The Taepyeongjae statue of Myeong-guk, which was with the empress who disappeared from the beginning of the examination.

He thought he was a vampire and hid his identity.

He seems to think I didn't notice.

Vampires smell like blood, so it's easy to notice.

Common sense is that I can't distinguish it unless it's you.

"It's the smell of blood. You can naturally see it when you look through your opponent's manna. Vampires have their own energy.'

I know. It's usually hard to notice.

'How can I do what I see?'

When you're in the inner part of your mind, you can see everywhere even if you close your eyes.

They will not be able to conceal the fact even if they know it.

He will not have the ability to hide well enough to avoid the eyes of those who have reached the heart.

Again, if you lose your reason, you destroy the forest... ...I kill a man... ...and I'm right about such destruction... ...no.

I nodded quietly at the calm and grotesque giant's words.

"So, you want me to kill you before you let go again?"

I'm losing my power... ...and if I lose all the remaining power... ...I'm going to be a monster with only instinct.

If you take away the power from these woods, you'll be a monster with only instinct?

It is the same situation as the body of Shandra Minnea.

The difference is that Shandra Minnea has never looked for the opposite sex since she went crazy. He used the power of this place to find his reason, but he is losing it again.

A strong man, the golden arrow you shot... ...was awakening me to madness. Human... ...knows how to calm me down.

You're such a quick-witted rock.

It was a performance of regret that everyone else was fooled. I noticed it by myself.

You've never met me before.

It calmed me down. It's just that... ...I'll lose my temper again.

The long-lived monster is a wise man. That much, he is smart and has a good sense.

So

He was aware that it was me who sent out a flash of gold a little while ago.

That's why I was asking for a favor for overpowering the crazy guy.

You want me to kill yourself.

Before that, I shook my head quietly at the strange man's request to kill me.

"Monster giants are usually the return of their mild nature. It looks like you fell here alone."

......

My words flashed a red eye of the mysterious giant.

Do you know your own people?

"To a certain extent. But I just want to ask you something before that."

At my words, a freak giant forced himself up.

Then he reached out slowly, crawled on all fours, and slowly pushed his head into me.

I don't have much time to stay rational.

"Is there anyone else like you?"

I don't know...

"Okay, let's change the question."

Who sent you here?

Shandrami's body was insane.

That's why the conversation didn't work. the guardian deity of this place The eccentric giant was different.

He remained reasonable and had a friendly relationship with humans for a long time.

It meant that he was the only one who had his heart among the creatures that came from the world I found.

It's a bit aggressive.

I took advantage of this opportunity as I noticed in advance what vampires did.

In order to enter this forest, where access is prohibited, find a guardian deity that does not know where it is, and create a Gundeokji to talk to.

It's not easy for me to find a guardian deity that was hiding well, so I used mosquitoes as a guide in the first place.

The ones who took my power away in the process?

They didn't notice what my power was telling me now.

They're so stealthy that it's hard to find shelter?

When I took my strength out and stole it, they were already caught by me.

If you want to take one from me.

You'll have to give me ten.