245 # 245

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 19 of the Ten Books

Uh...

The grotesque giant, who was groaning painfully, slowly moved up to me.

I...I don't... I don't... I don't... I don't...

The mysterious giant had no idea why he flew from his continent to the Tionis continent, another dimension.

When he came to his senses, it was already this forest, and he regained his reason by unknowingly absorbing a great deal of power.

If you look at the honest answer, you can say that it's a complete failure.

I noticed one part.

"You don't remember anything before you flew, do you?"

Yeah... ...all human beings... none at all.

"What do you remember when you bumped into someone?"

He tilted his head to my question. But soon he nodded quietly.

No... ...all.

I was quite devastated when I lost the opportunity I had to find.

But.

However, the monster lost his reason and squeezed out his voice.

I'm sure... I don't... but... I think I saw the light...

"Light?"

Pure white light... ...but dark light...

You think he's gonna ask me for a riddle?

White light... ...but...it was dark. It wasn't warm... ...the tea was...

I watched him without a word, but he bowed his head quietly as if he could not say anything more.

His consciousness began to fade away.

Whoo!

Then, his huge fist, which had only his nature left, flew at me in an instant.

Whoo!

The ground, which was half-washed with a huge explosion, was once again greatly agitated.

I don`t think we`ve got anything completely."

The giant monster's fist, which is several meters long, was wrapped in a sheet of amulet in one hand, and his head clenched.

Do you have any idea?

"No."

How can I know from such a riddle?

But I could tell one thing for sure enough.

Something high enough to go beyond the dimensions.

He intentionally sent them to this land of Tionis, where I am.

It's not a natural phenomenon.

There is some sort of trick.

I don't know why this is happening, but at least one thing was certain.

Shandra Minnea's body.

the guardian of a prefecture

The fact that both of them must have been sent by the same person.

And there is no guarantee that something of a kind will not send another being.

"Thank you for the information. You can rest well now."

Run...

"No, there's no escape, there's no death for you."

Speaking calmly, I immediately pulled some amulets out of the subspace.

Then he put an amulet on his forehead without hesitation and quietly signed Su-in.

Whoo! Whoo! Whoo! Whoo!

At the same time, some power that was different from the power that had been flowing out of the brooch, which was embedded in his heart, began to be linked to the amulet.

Power that does not exist in this world.

It is the source of sorcery.

You think mosquitoes in the middle of the day recognize the power that even the world number of times didn't notice?

It would be impossible to draw a line and become a malaria mosquito.

The force that had been linked to the external chain soon made a difference.

The golden chain rose and soon began to tie his whole body tightly.

In response, I threw the rest of the amulet around him without hesitation.

Of course, the amulets that started to work together were fully activated.

Soon he was completely sealed before he squeezed out all the remaining strength.

[Third-degree Park and Park]

[Glory Seal]

His situation should be maintained at this moment.

* * *

Immediately after sealing off the monster, I immediately saw a surge of power.

In other words, the heavens, the empress, and the top vampires who made this work turned away.

Whispering... chah!

Dozens of amulets rise up in the air and rotate as if they are in tune with themselves.

Then he slowly sat down as if he were looking for his seat.

Whoo!

It wasn't the end there.

When the magic was expressed with a light embroidery, blue light flowed out of the amulet and lined up each other and soon created a huge pattern.

It is a highly sophisticated gin, but anyone who deals with second-class amulets can do it.

Destination is the place where the people who took my power and ran away.

The base was closer than I thought, so their hideout was not far away.

What I'm trying to do is what I call burglary.

They must be complacent with the relief that they won't be attacked.

That'll tighten their breaths gonna do.

First of all, I put my power on them without breaking their bonds that were blocking outside access.

I ordered not to come in and disturb the absorption of power.

Yeah, I'll stop you whatever you want. Instead, if you can't get inside. You shouldn't be able to get out of there.

I will personally engrave what it's like to watch the house burn while sucking your fingers.

[Grade 2 Magic]

[Big paper]

Cheating! Boom!

It was not long before the magic began to work.

As the second-degree great acrobatics began to take effect, I immediately locked my destination in one place.

It is the place where my powers are more than a certain amount of clumped together to create a camp, except for the monolithic giant.

There is only one place on this continent where Do-do-do is making a gin.

The hideout of those who retreated to the main camp without knowing what was in the power they stole from me.

The upheaval of power that is running now belongs to the guardian deity.

The power already stolen from me was very likely to have been crystallized and transferred to their main base.

At least if you're on your guard.

When a black crack broke out with a huge wave, I slowly walked, holding the blue jean in my hand.

Boom!!

Then, for a moment, the background changed and a completely different world began to emerge.

A huge underground space.

And a huge temple with a magnificent size inside it.

And

I can see even vampires looking at me and opening their eyes as if it convinced me that I didn't move wrong.

I grabbed a male vampire's neck, who was yawning in an instant and broke it, opened my eyes and clenched my fist toward the vampire's body.

[King Yurg-style crowd controller]

[Hitting the stomach so hard.

Two bang!!!

Will a weak lower-class vampire endure this?

Not just the level of control, but the power of tearing the body began to be felt everywhere.

Other vampires who heard the roar and guarded the area quickly arrived here.

Then I opened my eyes when I saw their own people who had already become bodies and their own people that had been brutally torn apart.

"You... ...human?"

"How can a man be here?!"

Was it surprising that people, not vampires, appeared here, regardless of who I am?

Well, that's inevitable.

It is surprising to see that all mana are blocked in the area, but they moved in openly.

but

The ability to move me is magic, a power that does not belong to this place, not manna, commander, or divine power.

Of course, the tenacity of blocking Manna will not prevent magic.

"Human!"

"Human appeared!!"

The unexpected response from the uninvited guests was much faster than expected.

Not long after the vampire's act of exploding beads in his hand and announcing the crisis, a large number of vampires surrounded me and appeared from all over the place.

Some people made red blood bullets all over their bodies as if they would make a hive if they moved a little.

"That's a nice welcome."

I mumbled back slowly, but one thing was different from what I expected.

There were few top vampires in sight.

'I don't know...'

It must have been a real ant cave.

There are such hideouts all over the continent, not in one place.

If I catch a vampire and ask him, he'll explode and I don't know.

I just have to find out for myself.

"Don't move. Human."

Where did you come from?"

It's not weird if there's a fight right now.

They showed more vigilance than they needed.

That's because the air I burst once when I smashed the statue did not completely calm down.

Most of them were put back to sleep, but it was a wake-up call that my power should never be reckoned with, as felt by ordinary low-class vampires.

"Oh, thank you for the good deal."

You gave me a little bit of strength and invited me to this great place.

Holding my left foot instead of a horse, I immediately grabbed the blue one by the hand and pulled it around.

Whooooooooooh!!!

At the same time, Qingdao's body began to change violently.

The blue air from the sword, which was less than a meter long, stretched out like a steel sword and began to have a clear form.

If there is no room for dialogue in the first place, all that remains is a clash.

When they noticed something was wrong with my behavior, they rushed to attack.

The change in Qingdao was already over.

A sword in the hand is a small sword.

but

The figure created by Cheng Dan had already turned into a huge sword that was tens of meters long.

The existence of a huge 15-meter-long hallucination began to burn with fierce blue flames as soon as it was completed.

I pointed at them without hesitation and turned the edge of the sword.

The goal is to become a vampire.

I'd like to blow up the ruins. If you do that, you can even fly away the valuable data that will be in there.

So

I'll work it out precisely and break it down to the outer cord.

The power of the Qingdao is completely specialized in breaking the grain.

[Super Central Prosecutor]

[Grade 2 Magic Chart]

[Combiner]

[Breaking Clouds]

"Blood... Avoid it?"

A vampire who noticed the danger shouted in a hurry.

It's too late.

They devoured all the vampires without hesitation. He flew in and neatly cut off the whole area.

* * *

Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!

Massive explosions are heard everywhere.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

"Monster... ...monster! Get away! Get away!

Vampires scream a lot.

Dozens of fireballs falling from the sky were not very powerful, but they were very intimidating in that they continued to fall and burned down the area once exploded.

Besides, it's not just a flame, it's the most dangerous torch for vampires.

As it was the eighth-highest tabernacle, it was not superior and there was no way for ordinary vampires to stop it.

"Stop him!! Don't let me in anymore!"

The top vampires hiding here must have no idea that their homes are being robbed.

They enter without difficulty because the burglary was completely successful, but that didn't mean there was no resistance at all.

"Get out of our domain! An uncivilized man... ..huck!!"

"You don't have anything to say to that uncivilized man, do you?"

In an instant, I shook off my bloody arm, which pierced his heart, and entered the inside of the temple.

I'm looking at their hideout, which has been transformed into an abysmal state.

"I feel better."

You've been fighting fearlessly all these years.

This is a cheap price.

The pleasure of robbing the home of these men who had been ill.

Materials prepared for the resurrection of King Persec. Or the things that are needed.

Other information about vampires and their attributes.

Finally, they like to collect precious metals, including the large amount of goods they may have collected.

This is like killing two birds with one stone.

Give me one and I'll give you ten.

"That's not necessarily vampire-infinite."

There is still more room to get 10.

Not a vampire, but also a 'string soup' that needs to be done after returning from here.

"I'm thinking of taking half of the forest of exams to mine."

The protector of the forest... ...yes, one of the four great men who manages the wind and the brain.

It's possible... I don't know...The reason I sealed your monster without restoring it...

"If you want to live, you have to give it up. The moment I take my hands off, it'll be a mess."

She frowned at my grimly smiling mumbling.

You have no problem...