254 # 254

The Manreb hero is coming back!

The 11th and 3rd Episodes

89. Land nomination

Davey.

"Tell me."

As my expression got ugly, Lünne looked up at me with a tilt of her head.

Davey, it's okay. It's none of your business.

"Stop what? Are you crazy?"

She flinched when asked annoyingly.

She said she was fine.

"I'm sorry, but it's not okay. Answer me when you say something nice."

......

She walked away from me without answering and soon bit her lips and came up to me.

Then he swept my cheek with his small hands and smiled quietly.

Bo......she doesn't know what she's talking about.

"You're lying."

The way I mutter harshly into the air would seem to others to be doing a show alone.

But Lünne didn't say anything because she had already been mentioned that Persek was by my side.

"Just now that voice. I must have called you. Is that right?"

......yes......

With her head down, she murmured helplessly.

I was convinced by her attitude.

After using Persek's power as if it were a meal, it is now faster to grasp it by reading without using its power.

"That's a voice you've already heard..."

......

She, who had not spoken for a long time, slowly looked up.

Yeah... ..maybe better than you don't know...

Mumbling little, she soon dispersed and came up to me and put her hand on my cheek.

Davey... ...she's the demon of the abyss.

"I know. What's wrong with that?"

But the Devil has a total of six powers. Anger, falsehood, hatred, envy, destruction, sexual abuse. There's no abyss there. The abyss exists only in the back of the world.

She sighed slowly, blurring the end of her speech.

But... ..the Devil is the executive of the board of the Lord Priya. The existence of the back cannot interfere. On the contrary...

"Now you are the former devil, not the current devil."

......

Instead of answering my question, she hid herself.

Instead, he left a small word before he disappeared.

It was going to happen someday. Even if it's not this time. So if you think it's your fault, I want you to quit right now. The question of her birth is. Because you're not going to argue.

That's not right now.

Whoo!

Afterwards, I kicked a part of the altar and smashed it.

I know. I mean, this damn woman did a great job without a word of discussion.

Lünne flinched with her eyes wide open at such violent behavior.

"Davie, your blood sugar levels are dropping. Excessive anger has an adverse effect."

Lune's behavior of taking a small snack out of my pocket gave me a sigh of bitterness.

"Let's go..."

As I stroked Lünne's hair and stared at the black ore, I soon threw it into the subspace.

There was something uncomfortable to leave this behind even if we check later on what it would be used.

* * *

Milpieu was lying on the wall with her lower half body flying away.

I reached for her quietly as she looked up at me in silence to see if I had the strength to get up.

Slurping...

At the same time, the commander Manna flowed out and permeated her body.

"Get out. I've saved Lünne, so I'll let her go."

"......a little surprise."

Milpieu, who had been looking at the commander Manna, who had permeated his body, as if he had not died yet, answered bluntly.

"The loss of research value should never be done. That biological golem is very interesting. I can't let it disappear without even researching it."

"Crazy girl."

Turning coldly round, she slowly began to recover herself.

That's what I gave you in the first place.

After complete restoration, she looked up at me and said carefully.

"Wait."

Stopping in front of me, she soon took a small stone slab out of her arms.

"An ancient document containing references to murals. I've seen it for a long time, but I've interpreted only a few."

To speak calmly, she went on hiding the stone tablets again.

"So. Did you find out anything about that damn ritual house?"

"Not much."

She shook her head and fixed her glasses.

"The place where darkness that even swallows light prevents it from growing. The abyss... ...was the most menacing enemy of our time."

"Other than that."

"I don't know."

"That's enough, get out of here before you change your mind."

Then, turning back, Milpieu slowly opened his mouth after a long silence.

"In the hiding place of my people..."

At the same time, my feet stopped.

"There are many historic sites like this. I want to know more. Can you help me?"

"Get rid of it. I want to destroy all the ruins for the time being."

I was feeling pretty low because I caused so much trouble for the first time in my life.

It is said that human beings cannot be perfect.

As Percerk said, if I hadn't done this now, something bigger might have happened.

I would have stopped him properly.

However, from the perspective of the results. Eventually, I tried to turn the ruins over, but I pulled out the abyss that was trapped under the ruins.

I couldn't have felt good.

However, on the other hand, there was a lingering suspicion that Priya, who had given us this wretched state of affairs, might have led it.

* * *

The next thing I did was a bolt out of nowhere.

Give them time, let them think.

He is after something according to such behavior.

Let's give it all up.

I couldn't afford such a complicated idea right away.

So it became a little coercive, but as a result, the first things that I wanted to do were solved.

The case committed by Ming is solved with Hyun.

I was not willing to step forward and mediate.

Unintentionally had a big problem, but knowing it was only a few, including me and Lünne.

Chun-ja, who lost her mother, could not escape her blank impression until the day she left after a deal with Hyun.

Heaven had come to me as I was getting ready to leave the 'hyun'

And then

I asked one question.

"Prince David...Are you familiar with the people who killed my mother?"

The child, who was born as a girl and has been forced to remain for nearly 12 years, had a poor balance.

Fortunately, the aftermath was somewhat neutralized by the power of the guardian, but at that time, the consciousness of the heavenly beings, who could not withstand the power, was hidden inside.

After that, I burned all that power and saved my life.

The possibility of the Celestial Spheres had also been burned down.

Perhaps, even if you learn a sword, you should try several hundred times more than others.

It was in the state of the heavenly bodies at present.

Chun-ja, who heard all the news from the people around her, had to take responsibility for the incident by nodding her head as if she had lost her mind.

Although the Ming Dynasty is a powerful nation, it has not been able to openly abuse its power in this situation, which could be criticized by the international community.

At the end of the day, he managed to cover up the situation at the risk of heavy losses.

Of course, international diplomacy between the present and Ming countries was not my concern, so I stopped short of robbing them of all authority over the Holy Land of the New World.

"Your Grace."

"Tell me... ...where to find them... ...Jim... ..what the hell does Jim have to look at?"

I had a complicated look on my face when I asked the question.

"Buy as you please."

"What?"

"The reason why kings are short-lived is because of overwork and stress. You don't have either of them to live long."

When I smiled and stroked the angel's head, people around me looked surprised.

However, it is not normal to stroke the king's head.

But Chun-ja said nothing.

"Jim... ...maybe I hate you for this."

Heaven was still a child.

"Jim...uh...uh...uh...uh... Jim... ..may hate you for this."

"If that makes you feel comfortable, do so."

"......"

"You can argue about everything. You can swear behind my back and spread false rumors."

"Prince Davy..."

"I'll take that kind of stupidity."

It was an idle whim. Eventually, at my words, Cheon-ja sat there and burst into tears.

He was born in the world and forced to swallow his tears according to the trend that boys should not cry recklessly.

However, he was caught up in a tremendous situation and became the leader of a tremendous terror against the pure goodness of heaven.

My mother lost her life.

Taepyeongjae, who took care of state affairs instead, was a terrible traitor.

I knocked on the back of the angel without a word, blocking the sound so that others could not hear or see it.

Why are you so nice to this child?

I wondered about myself, but the little king, who simply smiled brightly, calling me an idol, might have just seemed pitiful.

"As much as you want. Later. I'll help you when your servant needs help."

"Laughing... ..I won't forget... ..and Jim will never forget that! Hahaha!"

The child, crying and looking for his mother, did not stop crying until he was so tired.

* * *

The procession of returning to the Hines estate was longer than it was at first.

This was because ten more people were added to the first number of people who came.

Tanya Alloun, my first sister, who no longer has a reason to be in 'hyun' soup because of her breakup.

And Princess Maria, who followed me as a pawn to keep me from talking behind the scenes.

Finally, there were some quarrels between Dangung and the two royal ladies, who were the guards of Tanya.

Originally, I tried to move slowly to the carriage, but I couldn't get out of the thought of just wanting to rest, so I immediately forced Manna to operate and demonstrated the huge space movement magic.

It is the magic of moving space that should have been done several times.

However, I had no time to argue about that, and after omitting all the routes, I jumped over to the land of Hines on just two occasions.

And when the blue sky again brightens everyone's eyes.

The lively atmosphere of familiar Hines land began to greet us.

Of course, the people of the present country, who were accustomed to the culture of the western countries, were amazed.

This is why we've come over space at a time when it's interesting to move over space.

It was as if they had just moved to Seoul from the countryside, ignoring those who looked around.

"Ahhhhh! Help me!!"

A tearful scream of someone rang out very faintly.

The rest of the people, except for quarrels, flinched to see if everyone heard the noise.

"Barris, take your sister and the VIPs back to the castle."

"Brother, I'll go."

"No, this is my land."

And, I feel pretty dirty, so I'll take care of it.

At my calm words, Varys said nothing more.

Instead, I gave Winnie a slap on the back to see if she thought of how I felt.

"Let's go, boy. You told me to go in first."

"It hurts! Do I have to hit you with words, you muscle mass?""

"This?!"

The two quarreling twins soon grabbed Tanya by the arm.

"Sister! Let's go! I'll show you around the castle! It's very beautiful because Dwarf made it. You'll probably be surprised to see it!"

I turned silently to the actions of the two boys who laughed and grabbed Tanya.

"Don't you follow me?"

"I'll follow you."

The quarrels seemed embarrassed by Princess Maria's calmly answering with an eye patch on her eyes.

"Don't worry, go to the castle first. I'll go back with the prince."

At Maria's subsequent words, the quarrels eventually bowed their heads and left the place under the direction of Varys.

Later, when everyone disappeared, I untied my hands and headed to the dark alleyway where the sound was heard slowly.

"Wow! Whoo!!"

The alleyway was quite dark because there was no light yet.

"This is why people should live in bright places."

I'll cut my tongue short and turn the corner of the alley.

There were some men dragging a girl in a plain costume somewhere with her mouth covered.

Sneak...

At the same time I stopped Princess Maria from stepping forward and slowly walked away.

"Oh, my God! Be quiet!"

"If you follow me lightly, you won't get hurt. Do you know who we are?! You sissy!

The girl was definitely an ordinary impression.

but

She was also a girl I knew well.

before the development of the Hines estate

It seems that Lina was a girl named Lina who was taken to Goblin's territory and dramatically rescued.

He was also a good kid who found me every time I went outside to inspect the land, smiled brightly and handed me deliciously steamed potatoes.

Did Lina do something that could have been kidnapped by someone?

......and darkness joins us in the developing territories. There's no life without parasites, Davey.

I nodded quietly as the silent Persek carefully emerged and spoke.

Recently, I thought that I neglected the inside too much because I was paying attention to outside work.

"What the hell are you!"

Can't you recognize me?

The men dressed as mercenaries soon frowned when they saw me blocking them.

But soon after I saw Princess Maria, blindfolded by an eye patch, who was standing behind me, and she had a wicked smile.

"What? Was your brother in the same industry? I'm sorry, but we've already filed for this year. If you don't want to crash, get out of the way."

"The same industry?"

When asked with a smile, a man frowned slightly.

"It looks like it's right. You have a unique taste, you have a nice face, but you're blind."

I did not think that I would be a noble or royal family because my appearance or Princess Maria's costume was not an antique dress.

It didn't matter.

"Then we'll pass..."

"Stop moving."