251 # 251

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode 25 of the Ten Books

This is always the end of a huge battle that could escalate into an international problem.

The atmosphere of the three countries began to subtly turn around, and although this incident had flowed into the ears of neighboring countries, it actually had nothing to do with me.

"Look, Prince Davy. But still, it's... ..."

"Well... well, that's what you think."

It is really impossible to transfer part of the land to another country unless it is quite reasonable.

Fighting for tens of hundreds of years over the ownership of a simple island becomes diplomacy between countries.

At such a time.

It was not just a remote island, but a huge forest, and even a part of the test forest that is sacred in the "hyun" country, it was a demand that makes no sense even if the current situation is a situation.

Therefore, I decided that I would be disappointed if the king willingly accepted it.

"I understand. But it's not fair. But this time, it's not a threat or a demand."

The king opened his eyes slightly wide at my words.

"There's nothing to take internationally. I'm not asking you to hand it over to the Louns."

"What... ..do you want to sound?"

"Let's see for ourselves."

When I got up from my seat, I motioned directly into the air.

Boom!!

At the same time, the simple movement of space magic began to emerge and the space began to distort.

"Huh-up?"

There were surprised eyes around me, but I asked calmly.

"Would you like to see for yourself?"

"......"

"Your Highness! It could be dangerous! Unproven magic...!"

"Stop! It's done. If Prince Davy had tried to break through the cookies, this country would have been burned to the ground, but Honey, you should check it out yourself."

"Zu... ...Zu Unha..."

"No more talking."

Standing up from his seat wearing a cannon and a crown of noodles, he immediately followed me and threw himself into the cracks in the space as if he had made up his mind.

The surroundings change in a flash.

The royal palace and the forest of examinations are not very far away.

In the first place, it was a magic of space movement that was not difficult, as it was not a large number of people, but only a few people, including myself and the king.

"Huh-up!"

"This... this!"

As the surrounding landscape changed, a voice of dismay was heard from all sides.

The Space Transfer Magic Circle is one of the most common civilizations due to the mannaite installed throughout the continent.

However, it was surprising from the common sense that individuals opened and closed their spaces in such a designated place.

And

The king who followed me, the official who escorted him, and the captain of the "hyun" soon all opened his eyes to the magnificent sight spread out across the street.

"Sue... protective god!"

"Oh, my God!"

What they see in their eyes is the guardian deity of the forest, which glows with a red lining with a huge figure.

a dense chain of unusual colors surrounding the guardian deity

Then, they were the two deities of immense presence, stabilizing the monster and preparing to subdue it at any time.

"Oh, my God..."

"This... this being..."

The prestige of the new numbers in their own eyes was truly enormous.

There was a masterpiece covered with huge flames and a dragon that rolled the area round with a body length of about 100 meters and closed its eyes quietly.

"What about that?"

"Oh, my God! Dragon and Phoenix!"

Clearly, the masterpiece resembles the Phoenix, while the blue dragon's shape is slightly different, but it resembles the dragon.

In fact, a huge existence of that size was a natural result because they had never seen them except for ancient books and fairy tales.

On the other side.

The king, who was the only one to see the situation, was more nervous about the two Shin-soo.

Gosh, geez, geez, geez, geez!

Soon, the fire rooster began to show its presence with huge wings fluttering.

And the fire rooster stared at the Blue Dragon Cure with sharp eyes as if it were scolding it.

Crrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr...

Maybe it's because of a big burn.

The Blue Dragon Tombs soon saw the masterpiece and me, and with their rigid movements, they slowly pulled up their bodies.

Whooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!

Then he scattered a huge presence.

Nevertheless, it seems that early education has worked to some extent to keep an eye on me.

Furthermore, the contribution of the masterpiece fire chicken seems to be legitimate.

Next time, I think I should catch a delicious bear and make a special food.

"Eh... ..Prince Davy... ..what are you... ..."

"It's not the two of them who are specific."

I spoke calmly, looking at the mysterious giant who was silent.

"We've already lost a lot of power. It's going to take another 100 years to regain your strength and maintain your rationality."

My words silenced the king.

"Right?"

The mysterious giant nodded quietly as he asked the question.

You know... you can't keep your head above water with your body's strength.

"Right now, the power of the two gods permeates and maintains reason, but as soon as they leave, the guardian god will lose it."

The king, who realized what I meant, was silent.

"What should I do? Shall we withdraw?"

"......"

If they withdraw, the monster will soon lose his reason and run wild.

On the contrary, if you are regularly supplied with the power of Shin-soo, you can look for an opportunity to maintain your rationality and return to your original form, but you need a price.

"With the two missing, all the power to protect the guardian deity is gone. I can't maintain my rationality because I'm not a part of the world."

From experience so far, all those who have come from another world have lost their reason and gone on a rampage.

The Gooseok Giant is also recovered.

It is not the existence of the Tionis continent.

Do you want the situation to last? Or will you handle the changes that are coming?

The answer itself was nothing to look at.

"Sue... self-defense... ..is this really what he says... ..does it really come true?"

At the king's trembling voice, the mysterious giant quietly remained silent and bowed his head down.

I'm sorry... my lord the king... that I've lost all my power to an unclean creature...

"That can't be..."

You have already... ..lost power will not return to me... so, King, kill me... ...and kill me... ...so that there will be no future.

"I can't do that. You are an indispensable guardian of our 'hyun' nation."

I am only repaying the favor of the old past... ...the king of the "present" country forgave me and allowed me to grow my strength. So... ...now I'll trade you for your life and keep your word."

It is the method of the promise of the mysterious people, who made a promise as a guardian god.

"It's not your fault... ...it's just the fault of a fruit man who didn't find out about this earlier."

With a crushing fist, he slowly approached the monster and put his hand on the body of the monster.

"In the meantime... ...you've done a lot for our county. But all the kings of the present country are wary of your danger."

Speaking calmly, he sighed quietly.

"The present nation must not be divided any more, so the wine will rally from now on. Take care of your body. This time, we, Hyun... ...will save you."

He, who spoke quietly, looked at me.

"Prince David. There is one more requirement."

"The nanny."

"......"

What a difficult word to choose.

He nodded quietly at my relaxed murmur.

"I understand the forest, but I don't think the present country surrendered to the Louns......"

"Do you want me to do it?"

He is silent when I ask playfully.

"Well, if you want, I'll send it back to you in a few years at the longest. It's a hostage that you don't need. There is no problem with this side only when the achievements are revealed, so it is only to protect it for a while. If you can handle this, I'll just withdraw it."

"... ...no. It would be better for each other to stop here, considering the bigger problems that will arise later."

Politics is so... .. that the title of a prince is still a drag to live completely separate lives.

This is the work of me and the "hyun" country, but there is nothing like this to block the mouths of those who will interfere in it and complain about everything.

"If it's not a problem, I'll take Princess Maria, the resurrection of Hee-bi Mama."

"Why... ...can I ask you?"

I answered with a soft answer to the careful voice.

"Tanya needs a friend."

* * *

Reaching the ancient ruins where vampires were hiding with Lünne, I was certainly able to specify the location.

It was surprising because it was closer than I thought.

A huge canyon on the outskirts of this forest where the wind was so strong.

Located underground, it was this huge underground monument.

the remains of a super civilization that is at least 10,000 years old.

Although it was modified here and there to suit the tastes of vampires, most of it remained in its original form because the material was made of unusual stone that cannot be broken recklessly.

This is where vampires have been in place for a long time.

"Do you trust me?"

A woman with pink hair, who was silently following her behind, quietly recited.

"Do you believe me? I don't believe in vampires because I have nothing to believe in."

I don't really feel bad about vampires, but they're the most incredible people we've ever had in a hostile relationship.

"But you accepted my offer."

an alchemist paracellus

At the words of Milpieu, a half vampire and an eccentric vampire with great power on the harp theme, I walked leisurely into the interior of the ruins.

Most vampires were exterminated.

No, to be exact, it was safe to say that everyone was dead except for the woman who was walking behind me.

Then, did you destroy the vampire?

It wasn't.

This site is just one of the many hiding places where vampires have been hiding.

"If I had set a trap here..."

"You set a trap? All those things?"

I turned my head away when I laughed like crazy.

Puck!

At the same time, Lünne kicked Milpieu's chills and kneeled before pressing her head.

"Ugh... ...we're getting stronger... ...this is Deus Ax Makina... ...the golem that transplanted... ...is interesting."

Immediately under threat of her life, she did not stop being curious about Lünne.

"Lunne, sense the desire to dissect. Emotional circuit cooling. State this as unpleasant."

"Just a little... just show me the heart... just the heart. I only sketch once..."

"I declare I refuse,"

Lünne, who answered coldly, gave a look on whether she could handle it.

"Don't provoke me uselessly. Don't forget your position."

In what I said, Milpieu seemed to be disappointed, but she nodded quietly.

"This is it."

Then, she guided her to a large mural on the lowest floor of the ruins.

As far as here, it has somehow been felt empty without the unique decorations and objects of vampires.

"Hmm... ...I don't think there's anything special about it."

On the surface, it was a simple mural that didn't feel anything special.

However, it was the only one that looked different to vampires.

"Simple murals, but the smell of blood inside. There must be space. My people couldn't open this place. Besides, there was a strange atmosphere that made my people crazy and interesting. I want to check the inside and study."

"You're going to use me?"

"I always welcome interesting research. Even if it holds my life."

I've always thought she was a crazy woman.

"I think the existence of ancient ruins could be interpreted."

Lünne has looked at me and asked for permission to her suggestion.

"Check it out."

When I nodded, Lünne put her hand on the wall and blinked her eyes.

At the same time, countless letters revolved in her eyes.

"Open interpretation. Lünne expresses interest in this."

Lünne's abilities are interference, interpretation, and reconstruction.

Something that's hidden on this wall if you know...

Two bang!!!

It was a moment.

"Kuluck... ..Oh, my gosh..."

As soon as I saw the mural breaking suddenly, my white hand penetrated my abdomen as soon as I pushed Lünne away.

without an inch of hesitation

He was also impressed by the direct attack on his body, penetrating the self-defense force that usually blocks Orblade.

If I want to break through my self-defense, at least I need someone similar to me, or equivalent to me.

Although it is quite a fatal wound, my body does not die easily due to severe injuries after one time after a change.

Although all the things from ancient ruins are not normal.

The problem was elsewhere.

Milpieu in the back also looks quite surprised to see if he didn't expect the situation.

Rumbling!!

Soon, the mural collapsed, and the owner of the arm slowly emerged, and the blood of the red light shone on me.

"Crazy."

I had no choice but to feel the shock and embarrassment I had never felt before.

Why are you coming out of there?