257 # 257

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the 11th and 6th volumes

"What's wrong with the code?"

"They have their own ways."

Jack, no, I nodded quietly at Aina's report. Then he ponders. I came to a conclusion.

"I'll sell you."

"What?"

"Didn't you hear that? They're going to sell you as a slave."

"......"

Silent Aina turned her head.

"What's your question?"

"Why?"

"They make a way to get away. If I attack them, they'll probably take away the ones I haven't saved."

They'll kill you.

Aina's face cooled down as she mumbled quietly, stiffening her face.

"You mean sell me as a commodity and subdue them where they are?"

"Yes."

"What if they put me down? I could be incapacitated."

"A guy who knows how to burn a steel bar on his fingernails is afraid of that?"

In the first place, you have a spirit of darkness when you're in danger.

Aina's expression creamed at my words.

"You're being held..."

Rather than feel bad.

I felt quite anxious that I looked subtly happy.

* * *

"Oh, no, no, "

A man who screamed and collapsed collapsed collapsed.

I asked quietly, looking over the members with a blank face.

"I'll give you a choice. If you give up your life, I'll save you a weapon."

Don't... don't stand back! There's no retreat! It's just the same thing to be dragged through here!"

At least, the boss of an organization called Blackbird seemed to have his head rolling.

As long as the entrance is surrounded by black flames, they have no way to escape.

The only way they exist is to kill me and leave this land.

They must have heard rumors about me, but human beings do everything they want to live.

Humans sometimes.

"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

display superhuman strength in a crisis

"Dead!!"

Common sense makes things impossible.

For example, exerting power that is more than usual. Moving at high speed.

It's... it's...

but

It was the black fog that had formed my shape that he cut off, swinging a sharp sword.

Wolyeongbo has the power to confuse the opponent by leaving afterimage at the place where I was.

Super-fast stealthy maneuvering ability that confuses the opponent and moves without a trace.

As soon as the Wolyeongbo unfolded, the eyes of the man who cut off the remnants opened wide, I appeared from behind his back and grabbed his neck.

Then he pulled out the dagger from his arms and quickly razed his body.

Wrist tendon, Achilles tendon, thigh, groin.

It is definitely a dangerous area, but it is cut off without hesitation.

In an instant, the man, who had been able to support his body in large numbers, collapsed like a broken doll without being unable to even scream.

Then, he grabbed the back of his head as if he had been waiting for it and grabbed the neck of the man running.

"Kkkkkkkkkkkkkk."

The man, who was overpowered by the power of a strong mouth, struggled with his eyes on the ceiling to see if he had lost the power to attack.

He wants to put his head down, but he probably thinks his neck is not moving as if he were caught in a solid steel vise.

Ooddeuk!!

Without hesitation, the man's joints, which were holding his neck, were broken by rolling them on the floor.

As time slowed down for a moment, debris from the floor splashed up and their swords brushed past me.

The two men who attacked me opened their eyes when my figure, which had slightly twisted, bounced up into the air as if it were floating in the air and disappeared in the black smoke.

"It's gone again..."!

[Wolgwang-type modified cancer technology]

[Full bloomers]

Puck! With the sound, broken pieces of stone began to fall quickly in their ignorant mana.

The falling stone powder as if it were pouring rain has a threatening sharpness that is comparable to memorization.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

In an instant, I appeared in the air, ignoring those who fell down with wounds to the whole body, and landed, scattered the black smoke that had been circulating in my body and strode into it.

In the meantime, there was a member of the organization who was still alive to attack me, but before the attack, he was sealed in blood and hardened like a stone.

The only thing left is the boss of the organization.

He sat down with a stiff face, looking up at me and clenching his teeth.

"Stop... Stop!"

Then he shouted hurriedly.

"Do you have anything to say?"

"I'm asking for negotiation!"

At his cry, I flicked a man holding his collar.

"Negotiation? Are you in a position to ask for a deal?"

"Ee... ..eight inhabitants of this town! And your men, too!"

My eyes frown at his cry.

"If you kill me... ...they will never find me. I don't know what you believed and sent your men there, but my men who noticed the strange things must have already moved!"

"Then do it."

I, who spoke slowly and grabbed him by the collar, pulled out Hong Dan.

Then, without hesitation, he struck the sword at him.

"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... Ah...I see! I'll give you some information about the wild dogs!"

Frustrated by giving up too much without hesitation, he has demanded negotiations, abandoning the rules of the back world they have.

Of course, I don't

There is a real exhaustion program only in the information exhibition.

"No need!"

Puck!

With a heavy sound of hitting, all the flames blocking the entrance as if he had waited as his body began to collapse.

"It is Bernil, the chief of staff, the traffickers. Come clean up."

Announcing the situation to Colonel Bernil through the crystal ball, I turned in the direction of Aina's signal.

* * *

"Is this... ...here?"

"Warning, judging that there is no reason to take action. Lünne is incomprehensible."

"To be honest, I came all the way here from the Prefecture to serve her, but I wonder if there's anyone here who would harm her."

Unimaginable ironclad protection continues.

Why the Hines Land is famous in the Eastern Continent.

And to the point where I can actually feel that Prince Davy, the lord, has a tremendous presence.

"But... ..it's not been long since the land was developed."

"Lune question."

When asked a calm question, Dankung confided in his knowledge.

"There is no poverty at all. No matter how awake the people are, there must be a gap between the rich and the poor."

"Lunne, appreciate the opinion."

Speaking calmly, Lünne looked at the dark east warehouse.

It's supposed to be empty as a warehouse to store materials.

Now, in front of the warehouse, two sturdy-built men stood on ironclad alert with a fierce impression.

"illegal occupation, precision without proof. Lünne appreciates their paws."

"Go home safely. We don't know how they're coming."

Lünne tilted her head at the advice of Dagung.

Dagung breathed a sigh.

Apparently, this little girl, unlike the human being in front of her, looked like a human, but she said she wasn'

a biological golem

Although she is at an incomprehensible level with the knowledge of Dankung, Lünne's appearance quickly showed that she was not just a creature.

"I heard it from Princess Maria. They said it was a large organization that made human trafficking illegal on the land."

You said Jackal.

I think it's a pretty big organization in the Central Continent. One of the breakthroughs in the organization appears to have been holed up in the Hines estate.

Of course, given Prince Davy's outrageous force, there is no reason to be afraid of the jackals.

But I couldn't think of it as easy.

There are numerous aristocrats who look after them, and they are also large in scale.

Above all.

Lune and Dagung are the only two people who are leaving this place.

Originally, Lünne was the only member of the group, as the dagung followed Davy's order, which was supposed to send only Lünne was the only member.

"Why?"

"It's not just something to think about. Even if you and I are somewhat powerless, the opponent is a huge criminal organization with the financial power to hire high-quality assassins. It could be dangerous."

"Lünne downplayed such a cowardly remark."

"Yes, yes, you're a golem."

When he sighed out, Lünne's expression frown very slightly.

Pooooooooh!!

Then he pouted his mouth.

"Lünne undervalued it."

"That's not all. A criminal organization must make a corner to run away. I know you're confident. Do you think they'll be punished without any countermeasures if you run wild here? If you have an idea, you have to roll your brain."

Lünne looked up at the dancheong in silence at the biting criticism.

"As far as I'm concerned, the moment you're out there, the quick-witted will either kill all the people they've kidnapped for human trafficking... or they'll be taken away. We'll burn all the evidence. At least, if you've been ordered, you'll have to be more careful."

"Lune rejects the demand. Davey, you and I will clean up Blackbird. I ordered Lünne to wipe out the remaining tissue jackals. "

I was about to say something about the calm remarks.

Suddenly, Lünne went three or four steps back and blinked.

"An annoying remark. It's very unpleasant to underestimate Lünne other than Davy. The emotional circuit is heating up very quickly, which Lünne says is anger."

"What... ..."

"The method of combat based on anger, the missile drop kick. Lünne appreciates this!"

At Lünne's cry, the palace tried to escape with its eyes wide open.

Already heated by the criticism of the dagung, Lünne flew relentlessly at him.

When Lünne's missile drop kick, weighing more than 200 kilograms, kicked him away, his body bounced off as if he had been hit by a dump truck and collided with the men who were guarding the warehouse.

"Gasp!"

The body of the dagung was stronger than the general public, so it didn't die.

The expression must be correct.

Dankung, who collapsed without screaming, frowned without knowing that the men he ran into while flying had fainted with blood bubbles.

"What the hell are you doing?"

In protest of the dagung, Lünne fluttered the wings of her back and banged on the door of the warehouse.

She looked at Lünne with a fierce knock and a blank face, but she was adamant.

"Who is it? Who is it says.

It was then.

Suddenly, someone's voice came from inside the warehouse.

"Who is it?"

Crying!

The man, who opened a small gap that only the eyehole came out, looked suspicious of the dark outside where nothing was seen.

It's supposed to show the other person's face. All he sees is nothing but the air.

"What? There's nothing."

The moment when he came out of the room after an irritating mutter.

I could see the dagung that was lying on the floor.

Lünne's eyes glistened black when she said there was nothing.

"Lune... ...is not small."

Woooooooooooooooohoooong!!

At the same time, blue particles began to gather at Lünne's feet, and Lünne lifted one foot without hesitation.

Then he swung his foot toward the door that was opening outward.

"Lunne, you can't underestimate this!"

Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!

With the overwhelming noise, the door that was opening cannot be closed in reverse, and it is smashed.

When the huge door and the wall were smashed, the man who opened the door was thrown out with the door.

"Lune... ...is not small. Emotional circuit heating to the limit. This is what Lünne calls extreme anger!"

I'm sure he doesn's face.

I can't avoid the feeling of being very angry.

In Lune's behavior of entering without any countermeasures, Dagung had no choice but to seriously worry about how there was not a single normal presence beside Prince Davy.

"Lune's not small!"

With the cry, Lünne, who created a huge gunshin in one hand, pointed relentlessly at the inside of the warehouse and poured out ultra-high heat rays.