252 # 252

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the first installment of the 11th volume.

88. Don't imitate someone else's teacher.

Whoo!

No one there could easily react to the presence of a mysterious man with a huge roar.

It was because he felt no sign of it at all.

There wasn't much they did here.

He touched the mural following Milpieu's testimony that it smelled like blood, and was the only one to investigate it using the power of Lünne from ancient ruins.

No, maybe Lünne's behavior was a trigger.

......

The purple-haired giant, who showed up without a word in the blood, soon crouched slowly at a glance at Lune and Milpieu.

At the same time, Milpieu opened her eyes and threw herself away to push Lünne.

"Research data!"

Two boom!

Then, an instant blow from Hugehan struck back at Lünne.

Of course, his fist at Lünne was exactly right on Milpieu.

"Oh, my God!

Milpieu, whose body was bent and bounced, was stuck in the wall without any strength.

Was it simply a superhuman response from the fact that his important research material is in danger of getting hurt?

Both were dangerous attacks that could not be responded to, but as a result, Lünne was saved with a second helping.

Of course, the condition of Milpieu, who threw himself to save Lünne, was disastrous.

As her lower body evaporated, leaving only her upper body unable to recover itself, she was stuck in a wall and convulsed for a short twitch.

"Overwhelming physical force... ...sash...unrecoverable...hhhh... interesting."

It's ridiculous to say such a thing while dying. Vampires don't die even if they get injured that much.

"Lünne... ...very low."

However, the fact that it was saved twice seemed to have touched Lünne's pride.

Lünne, whose blue eyes slowly began to turn red, began to change her facial expression for the first time.

"Lunne, the emotional circuit is heating to the limit. Specify this as maximum yellow."

Lünne, who mumbled low, clenched her teeth without hesitation.

It was a small change, but it was the first time that the expression came out from Lünne, who stuck to her expressionless face.

Soon after, when the blood of the giant man, who was looking at Milpieu, turned to Lünne, she spread one hand to the side without a word.

Uh-huh.

At the same time, particles of light began to gather into her arms, creating a small box-shaped cube.

At the same time, red light slowly began to appear over her skin from her chest and blood-like light began to spread throughout her body.

Soon after, a different voice came out from usual Lünne.

"Lünne... ...Limit Over, Deployed the Great Dragon Tidal Form."

"Get rid of it."

It was then.

His arms popped out of the darkness of the Saccharman, which was not seen an inch ahead, and he snatched the hair of the giant Han who was crouching toward Lünne.

"Davie!"

Surprised, Lünne called David, the owner of the arm, but David snatched a giant man with a blank face and dragged him into the abyss.

Lünne, who had raised the heart of the machine to the limit, sat down and stared blankly at the abyss for a long time.

* * *

The darkness of the Saccharman really didn't show nothing.

He used all his senses to raise tension in the darkness where there was no end.

Then he put his hand on the abdomen, which had been reflexively scarred.

There was a terrible pain, but there was no time to scream at the pain.

[Haines Hill]

As I quickly awakened my divine power and expressed the divine magic, I felt the pain slowly heal.

The magic did not seem to be blocked even in this Sakaman Hell, where the lights of Heynes Hill were not even visible.

but

You're doomed.

The divine power did not last long and scattered.

It meant that it couldn't last long.

It's... it's... it'

It was not long before I fell into the unknown darkness and slowly turned my head.

This kind of unnatural darkness was the first time.

Did Ultimara, an extreme black magic that erases light, explode?

Wright playing magics, the light inside his command and eat nearby at all you don't see.

There was no sound and no smell.

As a result, I felt my whole body's senses were even more sensitive.

A space that maximizes a person's original feelings.

This is definitely.

What Persec said...

an abyss that devours even the light of God

Unlike black holes, which simply attract particles of light by gravity, it makes light itself invisible.

If you fall into a place like this and you don't even know where you are on the right or where you are on the top.

Isn't it literally a prison?

It was then.

Uh-huh.

I felt something soft and small touching in my messed up sense.

Davey, listen up. Don't believe your senses in the abyss. Don't take her word for it.

The abyss brings the object down into endless confusion.

Nothing can exist in the abyss.

But she will protect you. Compared to what you've done for her... ...about this much.

Her voice, muttering as if at the expense of something, gradually became clear and her senses slowly began to change.

Persec was born the devil of the abyss, though he did not intend it.

In other words, the abyss was the most familiar space for her.

It was not long before the shape slowly began to be blurred, even though only Sakaman was in the dark.

Then, I could see a giant aiming for Lünne over a large hole on a slope not far away.

At the same time, it was also seen that Milpieu, who pushed Lünne, was fatally wounded in his fist.

What was the reason?

Lünne showed her first emotionally exposed face and soon began to change.

I don't know what that is.

The instinct to not let it change like that rang out dangerously.

Two boom!

After that, the body moved ahead of expected.

As I jumped up to the floor, I snatched the purple-colored scattered feet without mercy and said, pulling on the strongman.

"Get rid of it."

I never allowed you to break yourself.

I frowned at the great man being dragged into my hands.

If you've punched holes in other people's bodies, you should be ready for it.

Honestly, I couldn't believe it.

No matter how different they look, they have a unique feeling. And I couldn't not know the energy.

"Why are you here?"

Hercules.

One of the two strongest men in the corridor.

When all the other heroes were knocked down by the biggest black spell of Roias, whose tap was turned upside down.

The only monster-like superman who managed to survive bare-handed.

He is a hero who taught me survival skills and simple physical strength rather than combat skills.

His origins were in fact indistinct.

They say they hear it when they have time to hateful time.

Most of the heroes spent a long time with me and told me a lot about themselves.

Where they came from, what kind of life they lived.

but

Hercules was a little different from many other heroes.

What I found out about him is that he is the oldest man in the corridor.

And. His power is beyond comprehension.

In fact, those two were all.

Why did he come to the corridor?

Nor could he know why he was so specialized only for his viability.

What's important is that it's unclear whether he was from the Tionis continent.

Wake up! He's not the one you know!

Thinking in the confusion, I got out of my thoughts at Persek's cry and twisted myself.

Two boom!

But in the aftermath of my poor senses and the shock I just had, my body didn't move as easily as I thought.

As a result

His vicious hand snatched my head and stamped it on the floor without mercyfully.

There is no scream because of the pain that seems to break the back of the head.

All the heroes in the corridor are strong.

But Hercules was unusually strong among them.

What if I'm getting all my strength back?

Not a chance, though.

The heroes of the Corridor are a place where there are all the greatest monsters in a single line.

Afterwards, he repeatedly picked up my head and hit me as if he were angry at me for dragging him back here.

It was already devastating for an average person to flatten his head.

Ow! Davey!

Maybe it's because of the way I'm being beaten without using my hands.

Persek's screams rang out, but I fell in a daze and didn't budge.

Uh-huh.

It was not long before he rolled up his fist when he let go of me, and enormous energy began to gather.

And, before I could avoid it, a huge attack that seemed to distort the space was thrown through my forehead.

* * *

The view was blurred and the sound of a peeping sound echoed from the ear.

I don't know if my condition is normal or not.

One thing was for sure.

I'm about to die.

I know that there is something asleep in ancient ruins that refuses common sense.

But this time it was a little too much.

What the hell is this place for? It was also unknown why Hercules was here.

but

One thing seemed clear to me.

That is not Hercules.

The shape is unclear, but his face can be seen close to him with a blurry view.

It's similar in sporadic hair.

The beard was different.

He.

Rather than Hercules, it looked more like Hercules' past.

Like a clone.

Homunculus?

It suddenly occurred to me.

Davy!! Davy!! Get yourself together!

My ears were ringing when I heard an urgent voice.

Wow, this is...

It's a little embarrassing because it's an unexpected result.

If I'm on the verge of dying...

I'm in a little bit of trouble.

at a slight loss

Even if it goes a little back to its goal, it is no big deal.

It's my fault for being complacent.

To be honest, it is questionable why such a monster is in such a place and why the abyss is spread out here.

Slowly starting up, I murmured without catching the twirling view.

"You're just like that lunatic, but you're definitely not yourself."

If it is a real Hercules, it can be said that even if I have the power I saw, I am strong enough to become a blood rice cake in less than a minute.

But you couldn't even kill me if you couldn't find half the power you saw?

I've been questioning the existence of someone from another world.

There is no reason to hesitate if it is not you.

This is an abyss that sucks in everything.

Once you fall in love, you can't escape unless you're strong.

Then, no matter what the fuss I make here, the impact on the outside is minimal.

You'll regret not killing me now.

Eye for an eye, tooth for a tooth.

I don't know how dare you imitate one of my teachers.

If you insist on that way of fighting.

Even if it's a little hard for me, I have to adjust to it.

I can't believe it.

I heard a bone warping.

At the same time, I slowly opened my eyes and opened my body and snatched the fist of Huge Han, who penetrated in an instant, and pulled it.

The blood flow gets faster. The muscles are amplified.

As the temperature of the whole body's blood flow slowly rose, a tattoo-like red pattern began to appear on the whole body as if it had been affected by the aftermath.

physical modification by pure energy

It's said that.

In fact, it's almost instantaneous physical alteration.

Even all other heroes outside the normal range are dangerous enough to ask them not to use it, calling it crazy.

In the abyss, most of the power does not seem to be available for a long time.

For me, the existence of the real abyss itself, not this trivial abyss, is looking behind me.

In an instant, when I was young in the eyes that broke his balance, he reflexively extended his fist at me.

The physical force that is strong enough to twist the space is certainly strong.

only

You're not the only one who can use it.

My blow, mashed with his fist, stuck his head in the ground.