253 # 253

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the second installment of the 11th volume.

The space where the world's eggs are currently staying was chaotic.

Normally, it is a peaceful and quiet space, but for now, birds living in the space were constantly crying and small animals were looking around anxiously.

"Mother of God? What's up?"

The little girl, dressed in a neat and elegant uniform, gave a questionable look to the atmosphere of an unusually tumultuous space.

"Come on, Amelia."

The woman sitting in the center of the beautiful garden slowly reached out with a bitter smile.

"Come and hug your mother."

Not long ago, the chaotic atmosphere began to calm down as if it was a lie, but Amelia couldn't let go of her expression.

The animals here all have a different atmosphere depending on the situation of the world's eggs.

In other words, the atmosphere of the animals is chaotic.

a world egg

The mother of every fairy she has.

He said he was anxious.

You're worried about the world, not the other one, but the world who's the one who's the opposite? It was never a light thing.

"Mother... tell me... what the hell is going on?"

"There's nothing to worry about."

"I'm my mother's deity. Can't you tell me, too?"

Emilia, anxious and asking, has become a holy woman again since the recent generational shift in the world.

Although she was originally a saint of the new generation, there was no problem because the newly born world figure was the will of the world number she served.

Furthermore, the sacred land of the new tree, which has lost its main axis, is in need of a landowner due to the recent war.

Not a single person opposed her rule.

"Whew... ...I think it's starting to open."

"Is that... ..anything?"

"Yes, the abyss of this world is the black beginning that throws away providence."

"The beginning of the black... ..what is that?"

"Do you know what was in the beginning?"

"In the beginning... you mean?"

She tilted her head like a child listening to old stories.

"The world is going round and round. I haven't seen it myself either. There must have been a world before there were humans, elves, dwaffes, and so on in this land of Thionis, right?"

"I see...... I've never thought about that."

"Yes..."

The broken egg gave a complicated look.

The signs of the previous world, which had been asleep for hundreds of millions of years, are raising their heads again.

The moon sets when the sun rises, and the sun sets when the moon rises.

If abyss rises, this continent will naturally lose now.

The problem is.

"So this land we live in has a system that will not be strange when life is destroyed, Mother?"

"No, it's not. It's often called... ...two sides of the coin, the currency of man. You can flip it over, but you can't mix the front and the back. Light and abyss coordinate because they know each other well."

However, the law is now being twisted.

The abyss is something that should never come out in this world.

"Well... what happens when it mixes?"

"I don't think she knows until there... ...but when the two things that shouldn't have been mixed together... ..."

It will never be the way the world is now.

Turning her head silently, she slowly looked at the sun, which was hidden from the ceiling.

The sun's surface, which is seen by the eyes of the world's numbers, is very small around the sun, but it is beginning to see a budding.

* * *

The darkness of the car makes you lose your senses.

The only thing I could feel was touch and pain, actually was touch and pain.

It's embarrassing to see what's in front of me, because I can't smell it, and I can't help but feel embarrassed.

But the confusion soon disappeared.

Persek added some kind of power.

She is the devil of the abyss, not this small abyss. She used some kind of power to cheer me up.

In this dark darkness, they shared the power to discern the surroundings.

Thanks to him...

Whoo!

You can beat up the fake ones in front of you.

Hercules' body trembles greatly.

Every time an ignorant blow was struck down, my breath gradually became rough, but the destructive power of the fist hitting on the other side was stronger than at first.

Two boom!

An ignorant fight is supposed to be about this.

His thick thumb, which flew as soon as my fist sank the face of Hercules, tore my left eye and smashed the bone in the face.

Whoo!

Ignoring the pain, I hit my head with a fatal blow, and I took his finger out of the place where the eyeball was and hit him frantically with my elbow.

Even if the whole body is crushed, it will not die.

It was strictly the domain of the light warrior that continued to make combat possible with irrevocable resilience.

Would this be the fight between animals that completely abandoned their techniques and judgment?

He doesn't take care of his body even though he tries to attack everything he can.

In such a yard, the blast continued to echo because it was so intense that it delivered a tremendous shock wave.

Of course.

The fight itself did not last long.

He has the same appearance as Hercules, the same way of attacking.

His physical modification skills were quite insufficient.

On the other hand, my physical strength technology is as good as Hercules' self-improvement in the corridor.

Above all.

He was also the first hero of the Corridor to learn.

It was also the longest-serving technique.

It was that difficult.

Boom!

Another blow smashed his face.

He quickly recovered and tried to strike back, but I ignorantly combed the trajectory of his fist shooting and struck his fist several times.

Boom! Boom!

He knew that his resistance was slowly weakening, but he did not stop.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Soon after, as his physical strength was almost drained by dozens of attacks, I squeezed out all the remaining strength without hesitation and put in the finishing blow.

Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!

A huge shock wave, which was incomparable to the past, wound around the area.

My hands were crushed by a shock wave so huge that the inside of the abyss, which didn't exist, but I didn't care.

Once strengthened, the body was slowly restoring itself.

There won't be any aftereffects.

The price won't come cheap.

"Sigh..."

As he slowly calmed the blood flow, which had been accelerating fast, gasped, his whole body muscles contracted again, and the ugly veins slowly began to regain their original shape and shrink.

"Luck... ..kul!!"

Returning to my original appearance, I crouched down and threw up my blood, forgetting the ending of his life.

Davey! Davey!

"Don't make a fuss. I won't die."

......

I answer calmly, but what kind of penalty will be given?

I couldn't judge easily either.

For the time being, your arm may end up feeling quite numb.

Bad luck could have left one arm in a mess for a while.

Hercules-style physical modification gives strong strength, but it is highly gambling and dangerous.

Looking down at Hercules, who had become a meatball that was completely silent or not budging, I soon slowly got up and stepped on my shaky legs.

Now that he's dead, who was inside this abyss.

All that remains is to escape from this darkness.

The need to seal this space completely has been felt.

It was then.

It's... it's...

In the endless darkness I had no choice but to feel that something was looking at me.

Davey?

"Wait."

I cut her short and slowly picked my breath, but I turned to the place where I could see her eyes.

At the same time, the strength of the abyss weakened as if it had been waiting, and the darkness, which could not be seen well, began to gradually clear up.

And

It wasn't long before I realized what was looking at me.

"......"

Mr. Frya, thank you.

The frightened Persek pulled my hair and shook my body into small pieces.

What I saw was a huge bone.

A giant dinosaur tied up on the far side of the abyss.

It's definitely similar to the dragon's example in terms of its appearance, but I've put my weight on the fact that this is not a dragon.

Dragon?!

"No, the Dragons are not this big."

It was too big.

At first, it just looked like a wall.

One. Two.

The size of the monster, which I took a few steps back, was incomparable to the size of the ancient dragon.

It is now known that there are no dragons in the world, but among the heroes of the corridor, there were those who saw them fought.

Based on their memories, the size of the ancient dragons is 200 to 300 meters.

What kind of crazy dragon in the world has a body that stretches for kilometers.

Not to mention the size of the skull, which can be hundreds of meters long.

As I slowly approached the mysterious Goryong, who was completely silent, Persek instinctively grabbed my arm and pulled it.

Go... ...don't go.

"I need to check something out."

Speaking calmly, I approached slowly, depressing my left eye, which still hadn't gone away.

The bones of the giant Gollong were full of wounds everywhere.

"It's a direct hit, cut, and bit."

Who killed this giant Goryong?

The criminal was not unexpected.

"Hera Class..."

A creature similar to Hercules, who died in my hand a while ago, is the culprit who made this man do this.

But I couldn't understand it either.

No matter how strong Hercules' clone is, I wondered if it was enough to kill such a existence.

If you're a giant dragon with a body that's several kilometers long, that's not normal.

Why was Hercules' clone fighting this monster?

Maybe the clone you fought... ...was blocking these giant dragons from going out there?

"......I don't think so."

That's what I'm saying.

To be honest, I had no reason to deny it.

In fact, if you think about it as Persek said, everything has become understood.

Looking at Gollong's skull for a closer look, I was able to realize that one of his teeth had a subtle force.

Its teeth were very small compared to the giant skull, which was less than two meters in size.

And. Let's put our hands on the teeth without thinking.

Whoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!

As if waiting, the darkness of the abyss scattered as if it were fogging and quickly sucked into the other side of the invisible tail.

"Huh?"

At the same time, a great suction pulled me and I leaned back reflexively and held the ground with my arms and held it.

The play... the play!!

The body of Hercules Clon, which became a bone and a lump of meat, began to slowly get sucked into the ground's upside-down suction power.

Then, the accelerating inhalation rate soon completely engulfed the two, leaving only the fog that turned dark.

And as the slowly dissipating darkness disappeared, I began to see a small space that was incomparable.

When in the abyss, they fought, sprawling tens of hundreds of meters and kilometers away.

In fact, however, the dark space of the abyss was a small cavity with only tens of meters at most.

The huge community was like a ritual space.

And in the middle of it was the Sakaman ore.

A foreign ore that seems to be ingesting light and holding something in it.

Was the ore the source of this abyss?

I was about to reach out to it when I approached it like I was possessed.

[Ah......Ah......this power......the source of the abyss......it's you. I've been searching for my fear... ...my queen... ...after a long time. I swear to you that freedom has been suppressed in the hands of unbelievers.]

There was a voice coming from the far side of the abyss that had disappeared.

The voice, which had gradually faded away, soon disappeared completely.

All that was left was the quiet appearance of the ritual hall and the appearance of Lünne, who was sticking out his head without a word through the hole revealed on the ceiling.

Suddenly, as the surroundings began to be visible, Lünne jumped from the ceiling and approached me.

But I faced a girl in the air with a black ore in my hand.

"What are you talking about? Persec."

But despite my question, the silver-haired girl remained silent and did not raise her head.

Davey.

"You. What the hell did you sacrifice to make me feel the abyss?"

There was a chill in my voice.