256 # 256

The Manreb hero is coming back!

the 11th and the 5th Episode

Sah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah Ah-ah

The sound of a snake crying reverberates through my ears.

No one could hear it, but she could hear it.

[Woman... ......]

"I don't want to hear... I don't want to hear..."

The depressed silver-haired girl groped her horns, sitting on the boy's head, a bowl of her soul.

in ancient ruins

He also thought that it was really foolish to use his power there where he had fled.

It's not a big problem in other situations, but if you use your power at the edge of the abyss, they'll have to notice unless you're a fool.

The monsters in the back of the world called themselves the Queen and searched for a long time.

The fact remains unchanged in the past and now.

In the past, his father had to wait and see her eventually ascend to the throne to save him.

In fact, it was the only way, so she ended up with a whole new family, not six.

He was named the devil of the abyss.

In order to survive, he defeated all other Ma Wang candidates and became unique.

I knew it was a edition that Priya gave me.

As a result, she was freed from the call of abyss as she rose to the throne of the mahwang, the greatest enemy of my father.

On the contrary, there is only a terrible future left to antagonize my father.

Eventually, she died with the sword of the sword. He was sealed to Caldiras before becoming a spirit and perishing.

'I can't last long... ..then...'

Simply being the queen of abyss was not a matter of her own sacrifice.

According to them, when the king of abyss becomes one with abyss.

Coins flip over.

So

I'm sorry for Davey, but for his sake.

She couldn't hesitate for all his guards.

"The Devil... ...should be back.'

I'm not the devil. as the reigning king of the devil

Persec remained silent as if he were dead and reached for David without a word.

His mournfully trembling fingertips did not reach him in the end.

'I'm sorry, Davy. I'm so sorry.'

It was a stupid choice to think for yourself.

The trend of fate, which was inevitable, was only felt in a very cold-blooded.

* * *

an old whale pub

This place, which is operated by purchasing buildings in the past that have not yet been developed cheaply, was a pub that operated with an old concept that made people feel nostalgic rather than a pretty and beautiful building.

It is mostly open only at night, but the main customer base was also popular with mercenaries and hard-working workers.

Entering the noisy pub, I looked at Aina following without a word.

It was difficult to be wary, so Aina was only deaf to her natural appearance, erasing her original man.

"It's dirty."

"Does the assassin count clean?"

Wasn't it an assassin who rolled the gutter for his purpose?

At my joke, Aina Helicana shook her head quietly.

"I told you to call me Jack if you could."

"Do you think a hard name like Jack would suit your face? And whether it's Jack or a kid, the essence doesn't change. Let's sit down."

At what I said, Aina looked somewhat dissatisfied, but she was silent.

"Come on! What can I give you?"

I am Young Jimin who would have recognized my face.

Sadly, however, no one recognized me as I am currently changing my face with welcome magic.

From their eyes I will appear to be simply a mercenary with a common impression.

"Master, I'm here to sell you some kintasoshan barley beer. Do you want to buy it?"

"What? Sir, this is where they sell drinks to those low-down guys, not where they live. And where is Kintasource?"

Despite the owner's reply with a look of absurdity, I kept asking.

"If you buy now, I'll add some honey from Mackenzie Mountain."

"Huh! Look at this customer. If you're not going to order, give it up!"

at the same time as his annoying cry

Some men got up from their seats.

Most of them seemed to be interested in the appearance of Aina, who was covered by a hood, but not the others.

The men who were looking at each other slowly came to me.

"What happened?"

"Brother, you sell kintasoshan barley beer? We're interested."

"Oh, really? Do you have a pub, too?"

As I glanced at him, the man's shoulder is engraved with a tattoo of a sword that penetrates the crescent moon and the crescent moon.

It is a symbol of Blackbird, a human trafficking organization.

"Yeah, you're adding some honey from Mackenzie's acid? It tastes amazing. The price must be out of the ordinary."

"Well, that's what business is all about."

The men looked at Aina with lewd eyes at my relaxed tone.

Aina seemed displeased to receive such attention, but she said nothing.

"Good. Well, follow me. I'll introduce you to a buyer."

"All right."

I followed the men out of my seat and followed them out to the pub.

There were a total of two men who were leading each other's throats.

The men, who were walking with small conversations and low-key gossip with each other, soon guided me to an old warehouse in the outer area with few eyes.

We will check first. It looks like you've been introduced somewhere. Tell me the secret code."

"When will the sword pierce the moon, it will bite the sun."

There was a cool smile around the men's lips when I said.

"I'm sure. Follow me."

It was not long before the man who opened the wooden door on the floor of the warehouse led me to the basement.

In the meantime, you've even created this space.

I'm sure they announced that illegal renovation of the building is not allowed. As a result, these kids don't even work.

Entering the two men who took the lead in silence as if it had been a lie that I was talking low a while ago, I soon realized that the tunnel they had made was located near the underground sewer.

There is only one sewer in the Hines estate.

The facility I built to provide water to each household.

So

It meant that he had built this place in the place that others worked hard to make.

"What is it?"

"It's a deal. What about the boss?"

When we entered for a long time, the man who was blocking the narrow road blocked us. When the two men who were leading the line spoke in a serious tone, the men looked at me and Aina, and soon stopped staring at her and licked her tongue.

"Oh, my God. I'm getting impatient. The boss is inside. Get in."

When I entered the sewage without ignoring the eyes of the man who was following me as if I would never miss the back of Aina, I saw a large number of men gathered in a vacant space like a pre-made space.

Yes, there's no place underground where you can't see well if you make a deal.

"Boss, this is a deal."

"Transaction? What's the current situation?"

The muscular man, who was mumbling irritably, suddenly looked at Anna and opened his eyes slightly wide.

"I'm here to make a deal. Won't you do it's?"

"The situation is not good right now. The lord of this estate smelled it."

"I'm sorry to hear that. Then we'll have to close the deal."

"What?"

"Don't you know what the lord of this land is like?"

The man grinned at the suggestion.

"The mutiny prince who throws things over to the gods without knowing what's going on in my land? I don't know. We were lucky to be surrounded by the development of the territory. Honestly, I wouldn't have had a problem if I hadn't caught my stupid men."

"Hmm...

I nodded, restraining Aina from flinching.

"So. You won't make a deal?"

"Well... ...it's true that the situation is hideous. Prince Liang knows the deal is going on here. Yeah. What about the prize?

"Let's not be in a hurry. But isn't it too hostile? I think you've raked all the members of the organization."

Dozens of men were sitting here and there in the sewers' space and some were hiding in the dark.

"Ha. Well, if you think so, feel comfortable. It doesn't hurt customers anyway. So what about the stuff?"

He asks me again as if I should not change the subject.

When I pushed Aina's back, he looked unexpected.

"What, weren't you a colleague?"

"It's a product. I had a hard time getting it."

"Well... ..even though it's half-and-half. That's not surprising."

"Well. Can you take it that way?"

Then I handed over the hood of Aina.

Then the long ears of the hidden Aina were revealed.

"Huh!"

"Eh... Elf!"

At the same time, a voice of surprise was heard from all sides.

Elf's existence would be worth a fortune once it comes to its commercial value.

"It's not an ordinary elf. He is a self-devastated dark elf. Outwit, of course, sexual slavery, an insensitive person with an elf."

He gave me an interesting look on his face.

"Okay, let's make a deal. How much do you want?"

"A thousand gold coins."

"......it's a ridiculous price."

"It's going to be a lot of money just to sell it back."

"......"

I breathed a short sigh at the agonizing silence.

"Let's get rid of it. If we can't use that much money, we don't have to deal with this place. Apparently, there's one more place in this territory."

The man frowned at my words.

"You're dealing with them? You'd better quit. They're not gentlemen like us."

"Since when a scumbag like you has been a gentleman."

A hostile voice broke out around me for my sarcasm.

But I looked at the man with disregard.

"Okay... ...I'll make a deal."

Soon afterwards, when the man nodded as if he had made a decision, Aina escaped from me and disappeared somewhere along the men without a word.

"You're sure about the stuff, aren't you? Are you a virgin?"

"Well... I didn't touch you because you said you were in high demand."

"Okay, gold... ...I'll take it, but I'll have to bargain."

At the same time, men began to approach slowly, each holding arms.

"A thousand gold coins are too much. 300."

"You're threatening me? Abandon your morality?"

"If you die here, no one knows. I am the law here underground, and I am the king. Do you think the prince of Hines could stop me?"

I was just silent to see the men surrounding me at the same time as the man said.

It didn't matter what choice they made.

[Sad......not far away. What should I do?]

Soon after, I heard the voice of Aina.

I covered my ears with one hand and mumbled quietly.

"When you send a signal, do it on your own it.

After speaking calmly, I looked at the man.

"You'll regret it."

"Let's go gentlemanly. This basement is our territory. Our organization is sure of credit. Just 1,000 gold coins are too expensive. 300."

"Two thousand."

The man's impression was frowned when he called it twice, not lower the price.

"500."

"4000."

Do you think it's a joke?"

"Do you think I'm joking about this price?"

The man nodded at my question.

Then the members of the organization slowly began to approach.

"Let me ask you a question."

"Tell me."

"Are you the head of Blackbird?"

The man nodded quietly to the question.

"Yes."

But he wasn't the boss in my eyes when I saw him using the power of Persec.

Turning to men without a word, I suddenly found an unusually different person among them.

"I think that's the boss."

When I spoke pointing to a small man of silent build, there was a cold silence around me.

Bingo

"I don't think... ...you should die here."

"Did you get it?"

I looked around, ignoring the men who completely surrounded me.

Then he lifted his right arm and bounced the finger snap.

Argh!

At the same time, the fire started to break out on the street where I came in.

Oh... I really wanted to try this.

Again?

Persec, who had been silent continuously, looked amazing.

"Honesty."

Argh! Flaming!

The second flick of the finger blocks each vent.

"Human."

Argh!

Finally, I smiled eeriely as I blocked the back road, which is believed to be the only retreat.

At the same time, the faces of the men who were embarrassed by the bizarre phenomenon were distorted.

"I make it."

You know what I mean?

I'll teach you if you don't know.

Puck!!

As soon as I finished speaking, the man's head, which was closest to me, was caught as if it were being sucked into my hand and exploded.

"You are not human because you have lost your conscience."

At the same time, when the hallucinations that had been hanging on me disappeared, I began to be shocked by the men's faces.

"I'll have to pay enough for not being afraid of my own land."

I took out a dagger from the arms of a man who had become completely six-sided and began to flow out of my whole body.

This is a precursor to Wolyeongbo, a secret treasure for assassins.

"Aina, save all the Young Jimin who's been held there. Cut off the tendons for anyone you see. You can put it back on."

Well, it is good, but don't kill sick to death.

"Ha......Lord Haines!"

The men who realize who I am are are frightened and withdraw their weapons.

If I get caught, it's because I know they're all dead.

In fact, he couldn't have done this without any insurance here.

I slowly pulled back and reached into the air where there was nothing.

Whoo!

Then he snatched a man in a black suit from the air, where nothing had happened, and threw him on the floor.

"I can't make a living because my assassination skills are so weak."

I didn't tell you guys.

The assassin is a man of no means a target. Even if it's an assassin in the same industry.

If you support your skills, you're the same target.