258 # 258

The Manreb hero is coming back!

The 11th and the 7th Episode

In fact, it was absurd to see the power of Lünne in person.

The firepower of that little girl, who said she was a biological golem, had more than magical power used by high-ranking wizards.

How many of these monsters does Prince Davey have? In the first place... ..how did the artificially created golems... ..'

He didn't know that Lünne was not just a golem, but the best product of an ultra-high-tech civilization.

However, Dagung pointed out the behavior of Lünne, who was outraged by his short height beyond such astonishment.

"Are you crazy?! Uh... ..what!"

Although he was not in the position of Mr. A, he was willing to make sure that he was involved in what he was about to do.

As he walked into the warehouse, which was exposed to high heat rays and was engulfed in flames, Lünne brushed off his skirt that revealed his ankle.

Originally barefoot, which revealed its ankles, but was not persuaded by the people around him, Lune solved it by covering his feet and ankles with a white bandage.

He won't wear shoes even if he dies soon.

Then, as if it was a dream that I was angry a little while ago, I walked in with a lively step, making Lünne's spores on one arm disappear.

"Analysis, identification of life. Lünne, very good."

Short answer, she soon grabbed the collar of one of the men lying on the floor and threw it to Dagung.

"Ugh!"

"Survivor. According to David's orders, there is no death. All packed and shipped."

"Is this... ...not dead?"

Lünne's behavior was too relentless to say that some people suffered fatal injuries that would not be strange to die immediately.

"Lunne, a very good biological golem. Explain that you don't kill anyone on a capture mission."

The short-spoken eyes of Lünne twinkled.

Elder Brain command month. Report on each unit's mission.]

A mysterious voice came out of Lünne's mouth.

At the same time, one of Lünne's eyes twinkled and a hologram-like thing stretched out, creating the shape of an elf woman.

[Avengers Squadron] Report. Mission accomplished. He has secured more than 20 survivors and overpowered all 200 targets. Request support for transport.]

[Lunne appreciates his successor's performance very highly.]

Lunne, who mumbled monotonously, looked at the danggung Palace with one hand pulling out a paru.

Perhaps he felt uneasy at the subtle expression.

The dagung has been asking questions.

"Why... ...are you?"

"Support troops."

Lünne, who answered briefly, goes out of the warehouse with light steps.

"Oh, my God... there are so many..."

As Dankung said, dozens or hundreds of people who did not know where they came from were holding weapons, completely surrounding the two.

"Follow David's orders and put the capture first."

but

"However, if the situation is not good. Permission to shoot the target."

Is it because of Lünne's actions that he said he would kill them?

The faces of the members of the group, each with a fierce impression, were frowned.

"What's that little boy saying?"

"You're messing with our territory? I don't know where she came from, but you'd better stop thinking about doing this and just let it go. Get it out!!"

With a cry from one of the men, some men took a small bundle of paper out of their arms.

It was an expensive magic scroll.

"Don't let your guard down. The only two opponents created this situation. Don't give me a break. Overpower me. You may capture him, but kill him if it's not good."

"Huyu. Brother. She's a little girl, but she's a wonderful half-and-half."

"Can I do whatever I want if I get caught? Looking at the tail of the outfit you're wearing, I think you're begging me to touch it."

Those who still don't understand the situation made vulgar jokes about Lünne.

At the same time, Lünne's expression became more expressionless.

"Lunne, very low on vulgar conversation."

"Stop talking nonsense and move. If you succeed in capturing him alive, I'll let you do whatever you want."

Soon after, as soon as the men approached as soon as the man's words fell, he smiled bitterly and put his hand on the grip of a sword caught in the waistline.

"Shall I join you?"

When asked by Dagung, Lünne shook her head.

Then he answered briefly.

"Determination. Lünne, everyone's life is highly appreciated."

He has a calm voice. He has a calm voice.

I don't have a facial expressionless face.

Why do you look so angry?

Dagung became more restless because he did not feel wrong.

Ping...

Soon after, Lünne took a small cube out of her arms and threw it into the air.

Tack! Tack! Tack! Lolrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!

At the same time, the cube that came up in the air started to change itself.

"Huh?!"

"I... ..what is this!"

It began to turn into a giant Majeongseok Golem.

It's amazing how many meters of a giant body.

Gazing!! Giddy up!!

A smile disappeared from the men's expressions in the blue ophthalmology of the huge golem and the form of a ferocious saw in his hand.

"Main mission accomplished. Lünne gives up the serve. Ordering all the Decepticons as Elder Brain."

Lünne's eyes glow blue after a short murmur.

At the same time, his mouth, which had been tightly closed, was once again muzzled.

"Order to kill everyone."

[Mega-tron, command acquisition.]

Two bang!!!

simultaneously the Golem of a giant body before them

The answer to Megatron, a monster golem out of common sense, has fallen.

The purple coal, which flew from nowhere that seemed to have waited, blew the head of the man who was at the forefront as if he had burst.

Sniper Sniper Sniper.

the Golem of the Decepticons

As Sniper answered, Megatron's chainsaw began to spin actively.

The huge drill, which was then taken out in the remaining hands, began to turn fiercely, revealing its ferocious presence.

All I heard since then was the scream of men caused by overwhelming abuse.

* * *

Two organizations that came in fearlessly after finding honey in the middle of the continent.

There was a case of a major bombing of Blackbird and Jackal's behavior the night before.

Blackbird, in the hands of me and Aina Helicana.

And in the case of Jackal, a large-scale organization, the Decepticon formation under the command of Lünne and Lünne.

Then he was swept away by the hands of the Avengers squadron.

In the process, Lünne killed a large number of people, but there was no reason for me to catch the book.

Persec, lying at his desk and asleep, was certainly different from the beginning.

Although she was always sleepy.

'I think it's gotten worse after the abyss.'

Umm...Ummm...

Is it a nightmare?

When I reached for her with my eyes closed and groaned, I soon took my hands off and turned away.

"Down. We're ready."

"Yes, let's go."

Short answer, I looked up at the two moons floating in the sky without a word.

The red moon Cyrus, full of mana.

And blue moon krias that shine to the end.

There is a myth about two months.

In fact, it was not something that I was interested in.

Crying!!

Entering the huge hall, dozens of soldiers dressed in iron armor were seen standing in line.

"Hold him, sword!"

"That's enough. Let's give up the little things."

Briefly illustrating their courtesy, I immediately asked the man standing in the center with his head down silent.

"Report."

"Yes! Degradation! As you said, we are investigating those who have been damaged in the hands of two criminal gangs in the territory. It's going to take a while since there are so many."

"Yeah. Anything else?"

"This is the senator and the Supreme Court you mentioned."

As he stepped back, two men were seen kneeling and lowering their heads.

Is it because the process of getting here was quite rough?

Their appearance was ambiguous to see as good.

"Hold your head up!"

It was not long before the two men slowly raised their heads at the same time as Montmidor's stern cry.

He was a skinny old man with a generous impression.

"Ha! What the hell is going on?"

"Well... yes. Holy Father! At this late hour..."

"I want you to answer yourself why I brought you here."

My calm answer shut the two of them up.

"You are Judge Merden. This is Halin, who is a member of the House of Commons."

"......"

Even if they didn't see each other, as long as they know the job, they will have a small reaction.

"I'll ask you again. Do you two know why I dragged you roughly?"

The two were not aware that Blackbird and Jackal, who were engaged in fraudulent and coercive human trafficking on the land, were wiped out in a short period of time.

Most people, as well as the two, are probably on the same page.

"That... that... God doesn't understand. Dropping! It's ridiculous to be dragged out of here at this late hour, asking why! This is tyranny!"

I nodded at Judge Merden's cry.

"It's tyranny, just as you think."

"Well... ...lowering?"

"Hallin."

At my call, a congressman named Halin quivered briefly.

"Can a person with a muscle fracture in a full-body compound be moved?"

An old man named Halin shook his head when I asked my question.

"Well...uh...what do you mean by that?"

"The answer first."

"Bu... ...it's impossible. I can't do anything but lie down and transport."

"You know it well."

After answering calmly, I looked at Judge Merden this time.

Judge Merden."

"Yes... ..Yes? Degradation."

"Tell me what the fourth law in this country is."

"D... ..Round of the Lown Kingdom... ..the law is strictly enforced... ...and those who violate it are severely punished..."

"You know it well."

A cold smile approached him.

Pooooooooh!!

Then he kicked his chest down and trampled it down and asked.

"And how dare you do that on my land?"

He shouted in dismay at the cold question.

"Why... ...why are you doing this? God is wrong! What the hell!"

Judge Merden."

My calm voice opened his eyes.

"Yeah, how much did you get..."

Only then did he realize what was going on and opened his eyes.

"Even though the judicial power is supposed to be independent. I think it's fortunate that the royal family can get involved in judicial power now."

I can bury someone like you myself.

"Wow... it's my monthly bill! God did not rule wrong! Situation and circumstantial evidence! And we made a fair ruling in accordance with the law!!"

"Fair?"

"God has no shame!! And also... no matter how much you call yourself a prince, you cannot treat me like this, a judge appointed by your majesty."

I nodded quietly at his cry.

"Yes, Your Majesty's command is solemn. If your Majesty had appointed you, what would I say about your qualifications?"

I put my finger on his chest as if to sympathize with him.

Then he lightly moved his hand in the form of a cross, and the cross of light flashed in the center of his chest.

"Then let's ask the Priya who gave it to us."

The question and anxiety in his eyes began to grow faint in my behavior.

"The moment you lie, you will be burned to death by the wrath of the Lord."

"The... what..."

"You know I'm a saint with a scar, right?"

His eyes began to flutter with my smile.

"How much did you take and do this here?"

"That... that... that..."

He sweated a cold sweat at the sign of a slowly shining cross.

"You'd better answer well."

If he knew the Holy Magic well.

At least you know that this is nonsense.

There is a lot of evidence to bury him in the first place, but is there anything more certain than a confession from his own mouth?

"G... Please save me! Degradation! Poetry... ..God just does what he says!

Flaming!!

At the same time, white flames began to build up all over his body.

Although the heat has not yet been transmitted, the visual effects embarrassed him and shouted, rolling on the floor.

"Well... ...low! What's going on? I'm telling you the truth! Help me!"

I answered his entreaties with a grain of salt.

"Save me? You should know that if you had thought about doing that on this land, this would have happened."

"Sa... ...that's how people live!! I can also live on a green stick like a rat's tail."

"You're wrong, Judge. What you have to say to me now is not to make me understand."

You admit your sins and search for them.

The white flames surrounding him became a chain for a moment and tied his whole body to the air.

Later, I pulled the code from his waistline without a word and slowly looked up at him.

"Do you remember the last paragraph of the law? Judge Merden?"

"This......all laws are enforced and observed in the name of a stern nation... ..and judges who violate them are severely punished..."

"You're right by the law. You have nothing to say."

His eyes opened with my smile.

But before he shouted, I held the law so strongly that the leather was torn, so I swung a thick and huge one at him.

"Hold your teeth. You punk."

"G... Please save me!"

"Don't worry. I won't kill you."

It just hurts like hell.