255 # 255

The Manreb hero is coming back!

Episode Four of the Eleventh Book

The cold murmur silenced the whole place.

Princess Maria, who had followed me silently, quietly looked over the eye patch and looked in the direction of the men and me.

"Hmm? What can I do for you?"

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Lina, a girl who was screaming and struggling, soon opened her eyes wide as if she had found me.

"You'd better put Lina down."

A man gave me a big smile.

"What? Did you know that girl? I'm sorry, but there's morality on this floor, too. If you don't want to see the roughness, step back."

I took another step at the word.

"Huh? You want to see him?"

"I can't give up, apparently because he's a girl he knows. Hey, you two."

A couple of other men came up to me with a jackknife in their arms.

Then he pointed the sharp edge of the knife at my chin and touched it.

"Look, brother. You know the roughness of this floor. This is your fault. Do you understand?"

"I was wrong."

I slowly reached out my hand, muttering bitterly.

"Yeah, I know. A man has to have a knife in his hat to make sense."

"Hahahahahaha!!"

"Well, we don`t want to kill a human being who seems to be in the same industry, so we will save your life. Instead... ...give us the girl in the back. What do you say, good conditions..."

Maria frowned at the words, but I was keeping my eyes on Lina calmly.

"I didn't know this was happening in the territory, and I only cared about the outside."

I'll...

"Huh?"

When I held his knife with my bare hands and gave strength, the men's faces began to twist strangely.

It was because the knife's metal with a sharp blade crumpled badly as if it had been pressed down by a metal press.

"Uh...uh?"

He was about to step down, embarrassed by the unexpected result.

My hand grabbed the man by the collar and snatched him back.

Then, without mercy, he rolled up the man's chin.

Ugh!!!

The eyes of the bewildered men moved very slowly along the man rising into the air.

Three or four teeth were smashed at once, and the man who rotated several times in the air collapsed without budding.

The needle to kill herself exploding are three reasons."

I took another step when I spoke calmly.

"First."

"Huh?! Now... wait a minute, bro! What is this?!"

We don`t allow human trafficking for any reason on the Hines estate. Even if the country allows it, it can't be on my land."

second child

"Come on... wait!"

Bam!!!

The second man, who was close to him, twisted his shinbone and collapsed.

"The royal family is the object you insulted. I don't really like it, but I'll use it to deal with guys like you."

"x...x feet!"

Understand!!

I swung the sword as if I were a judge and took it away by gently twisting the arm of the man approaching, and I swung it at him without hesitation.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

The third man fell down with a serious injury to his eyes.

It was extreme, but he did not put mercy on his hands.

Of course, he didn't kill a single one while doing so.

Third reason.

"Third, I feel so dirty right now. You guys just got it wrong."

"Well, what... what is that?"

"You shouldn't have crawled in here if you didn't want to see this."

Argh!

I quickly overpowered the men and hugged Lina, ignoring those who fell to the floor groaning and struggling.

"Are you all right?"

"I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I...

I patted the back of a little girl crying and soon turned away without hesitation to the sound of metal boots coming from afar.

"Monmeeder, they're roughly treated and put in jail. Never kill."

"Well... ...low-down... these guys..."

"The trafficker."

"Huh!! You mean the trafficker?!"

It is a land where many people have settled down as the number of people increases.

Of course, I should have expected this.

* * *

Tanya, surprised by the beauty of permanent residence, which combines Dwarf's senses and technology, expressed her admiration.

The architectural style and various cultural features of Hines Land are more than just a tourist city, and there is no sense of beauty.

Yeongju Castle, which was created by a mixture of the pride of the Dwarfs and my memories, was among the most beautiful pillars.

There are some parts that resemble modern-day architecture rather than just common styles.

"Vernil, the chief of staff. Send a messenger. Put it on the throne."

"Is this a report?"

"Yes."

"You've done a great job this time again.

"I didn't mean to."

Perhaps a few of the royal aristocrats who are wary of my extreme strength will comment on the rashness of this to keep me in check.

However, it was obvious why he couldn't raise his voice.

Isn't there a precedent for showing that the whole family could fly away if they accidentally touched anyone who doesn't get dust?

Leaving Bernil's chief behind with an antique report rolled round and stamped, I looked at the proximal chief, Monmidor, who stood tensely.

"Excuse me."

"That's... ..."

"Monmeeder."

In short, I slowly got up from my seat.

"I trust your ability. In fact, I'm a commoner, but your affection for this land is higher than anyone else. Is there anything wrong?"

"That... that..."

"Put your head in."

He shuddered at my cold voice.

Then, he leaned down and hit his head.

"I'm sorry!! It's my fault."

"In broad daylight. Young Ji-min was involved in human trafficking, even if it was a dark alleyway. I don't think it happened without any countermeasures. What do you think?"

"That... that..."

"I've entrusted Amy with internal affairs and you with the peace of the land. In fact, I know that as the land grows, more than you expected. I'm not blaming you for not being able to stop me because of your lack of ability."

"......."

Monmidor, who knew what I was going to say, was silent.

"Why didn't you report it?"

"Well... it's... it's... it's... it's a busy thing to report to you about this..."

"Don't you know that the most important thing to me in managing the territory is my territory?"

My family is number one.

The runner-up is Hains Young Ji-min, not to worry about.

And there were no reports of this happening?

"Do you want a three-month pay cut and probation?"

"I'll accept it sweetly."

"You're funny. Get up!

He jumped up at my cry.

"Call all the guards right now. I want you to stop by each household and see if there are any people affected by this incident. Your fault will be dealt with according to how well you handle it."

"I'll be very clear! I will never let you down!"

He asked carefully, bowing his head with a disciplined cry.

"Well... ...decline."

"What is it?"

"Huh... what are they going to do?"

Oh, the ones that came to me? There's a reason why he treated me.

"I have a place for labor. Never mind. And I'll take care of the rest."

"You mean in person?"

Another questionable look on his eyes.

"Don't you trust me?"

"Oh... no!"

I got up from my seat at his reply, which made me prickly stiff.

"If you've been working, get out. I'll take care of this."

You have to run with your feet and cut off the cancer.

Lowering my head, I mumbled quietly looking at the window, leaving the leaving Monmeeder behind.

"Ina."

It'slowly.

No sooner had I spoken than a man in a black uniform appeared in the air.

Dark E.L.F., who hides his true self in the form of a big guy.

It was Eina Helishana.

"It's work."

"Just let me. Should I kill him? Or..."

"Just dig for information. I'm going to shake it off myself."

She just nodded quietly at my words.

* * *

Aina Helishana is a senior intelligence officer and assassin belonging to the continental intelligence group Merri.

In fact, her assassination skills were threatening enough to kill the master. Her intelligence capabilities also provided surprisingly fast and accurate information through various networks.

If I look inside the person's face with the power of Persec, Aina has usually provided information about a person I don't see or related to.

Now I'm more of a personal informant than echoing her work.

The information line she created did not disappear.

"What did you order to find?"

"I found it. Currently, there are two organizations on this land."

Blackbird and Jackal.

"I've never heard of an organization. Where did they come from?"

"It's a pretty deep-rooted organization in the central continent, but it's also an organization that has made inroads into the eastern continent a few years ago."

"They're in the territory of Hines."

At my muttering, Aina nodded.

"Their main job is mainly organ trafficking, slave hunting, and assassination requests. In addition, we manage the Pickpocket Federation and so on. There are no slums on the Hines estate yet.It's a disgusting thing, but they hide in each other's ways and do anything that makes money. Young Ji-min, who lives in good condition, is also experts in intimidation, fraud, conciliatory behavior, and other ways of destroying her."

A sigh came naturally to Aina's words.

Surely the Hines estate has the best requirements for such organizations to take their place.

There's no competitors. It's developing so fast.

"How big is it says.

"Of the two organizations here today, Blackbird is a mid-sized organization with only a few hundred members, but Jackal has a large number of members throughout the continent."

"The route to kidnapping Lina."

In my question, Aina continued as if she were briefing.

"It is also a fraud."

"They had documents."

"There are many ways of fraud... ...but in Lina's case, it's self-inflicted. Lina's relative now runs a carriage on the Hines estate... ...but the crew jumped in and asked for a large amount of money pretending to have been injured."

"Do you get fooled by that?"

When I asked as if it was ridiculous, Aina sighed.

"You don't know because you haven't seen it yourself. Humans become powerless before money. Gentleman has long been bought, and do you know who the judge from the capital city is? It's a guy named Merdeng. He's a man who's already made a lot of money in the capital."

"The guy who used to reveal the money? Did you just bring him in?"

"That's... ...a recommendation from a Supreme Court justice who came from a central aristocrat."

Aina's words put her fist into her mouth.

So

These bastards told me to get out of my way, but I forgot. That's the sound.

"But basically, he is not without skills in the legal profession. That's why the organizations that hid in the land gave them money and drove the situation."

Everything is driven by the relatives who took care of Rina and her family.

"You've been hiding this much..."

I took a short breath and looked at Aina.

"Who else do you suspect?""

"There's some more, but there's no evidence."

"That's enough."

You can check with the power of abyss and show your true life if you are a criminal.

"The number of victims."

"We need to investigate exactly, but the circumstances don't seem to be that far."

"It's happened a couple of times already."

There is no need to forgive.

That means it's time to change.

* * *

a dark, permanent, underground prison

Even Hines land, which has been on the good side of security for so long, cannot completely prevent the influx of criminals.

It is natural as it is a place where humans live.

"This is it."

Standing in front of the cage, guided by soldiers, I sat in the prison and looked at five or six silent men.

At the same time, one of the men who found me suddenly stood up and shouted, "It's unfair."

"This is ridiculous! Degradation! We just followed the formal procedure! The judge also acquitted us! It's... it's... it's...!"

"It's a bomb?"

"Well... yes! We're not at fault! Although it was wrong or strictly a contract to kidnap her! In addition, the national law of the country allows slavery."

At his cry, I reached out to Aina who followed me.

Then Aina handed me the documents that I didn't know when she brought them out.

"The judge`s ruling, the doctor`s note, and the contract your organization signed with Lina`s uncle."

It was a total of three documents.

"People who don't know what it means don't even know what it means. Do you understand?"

"That's... that's far-fetched! I'm sure we'll explain everything in words...!"

"That's enough."

After a short pause, I nodded at the soldiers.

The soldiers bowed their heads in unison and went out quietly.

"Let's put the judge's decision behind us first. It's a doctor's note. Using the methods of self-inflicted assault, you jumped into the carriage driven by Lina's uncle and demanded a large amount of money under the pretext of an unarmed injury. Am I wrong?"

"No! I'm actually really hurt..."!

"Bring me."

A man tied up in the dark at my cold words was dragged out with his mouth shut.

"Huh-up!"

"Yeah, you're really hurt. According to the doctor, it takes more than half a year to complete treatment without a high-quality port."

In short, I broke the man's rope and gag with my bare hands.

Tudukkum...

"Hop up!"

"By the way, you're fine for a guy so badly injured, aren't you?" You must have forgotten who I am."

I'm a saint, birds.

Medical knowledge is recognized by the Central Disease Control and Prevention.

"A wounded man who's been hit by a wagon these days gets joked and drunk with a woman in an old pub?"

Their faces were stiffened by my question.

It has to be. Aina picked up the guy who was hiding well in the hideout.

"From now on, I'll let all of you and all of your members know."

I wonder where you're going and who you're talking about.

"Ah... no prince would ever do that! Do you know who's behind us?!"

I opened my eyes at the cry.

"Whoever you are, that's your situation. I don't know who's looking after you, but at least you'd better shut up if you were lower than the Emperor. I'll take it."

Tuck!!

Even before the end of the conversation, skeletons wearing a Sacraman robe began to walk in together.

It was none other than the Skeleton I stole from the Palan Empire when I took two Necromans.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Ignoring the cries of the bewildered men, the skeletons seized them with their ferocious strength.

"Never treat these cubs as human beings by sending them to the construction site where the power plant is built. Get exhausted and roll until you're through."