261 # 261

The Manreb hero is coming back!

11 volumes and 10 episodes

It's as if there's an invisible bead in the air.

The water of a huge lake rises into dozens of giant drops of water.

At the same time, a giant earth giant began to disperse back into the ground and the ground began to change.

It's a foolish thing.

The construction isn't going to be done in a short time, but we're doing this.

Therefore, it was safe to say that the global war was an important point this time.

In the situation where it is not ready as it is now, it is quite efficient to operate a number of mid- and upper-level spirits rather than the original king.

but

My judgment was that the act of lifting a huge lake and changing the ground was rather negative with the power of simple spirits.

"I think I'll be almost there in a month."

Summoning and rolling the Spirit King for a month. It's usually hard to think about.

Speaking in a soft tone, Persek familiarly handed over the mana position.

Periodically checking the status of my mana and handing over the right amount of mana position seemed quite natural.

It's usually not easy to substitute the Spirit Manna for a simple Manna.

"I've learned that first."

Now it's just a natural way to breathe.

In my case, I tend to substitute the spirit mana for other mana, so it is possible to use the basic mana or position as the spirit power.

And

As such, this method was essential to roll the King of Spirits with poor fuel efficiency for a long time.

Look... Look, I'm the king of nature, King of Spirits. Until when do I have to do this pathetic thing?]

It's convenient to give up. Elime.]

As Elime asked, Noah, who was constantly changing the ground, created a body and said calmly.

You don't even have pride?! Ha! The Noah who lived on my own merits is dead.]

You don't know that crazy contractor yet.]

"Crazy, I think you're talking too much. Noah's."

Excuse me, you psychopath.

It is not easy to build a dam on a huge flatland. The government should create a space to keep the water in and build buildings.

Of course, no matter how talented the Dwarf is, it will take a long time, so I left the large construction to Noah.

Kugugugugugugugugung!!!

"Oh! The earth looks alive!"

As if it were alive, the ground turned upside down, mixed evenly, and spat out impurities.

Then they start to form a huge building.

As the form of the solid rock flaps and changes to a certain form, the dwaffs rush in all at once to initiate elaborate work.

Other small things are workers, and the Skeleton moves.

Even if they were crushed, they had good fuel efficiency because they were skeletons that rose up and moved again with a little investment in Manna.

I'm sure.

As the work that takes several years is done in a short period of time, it is an ignorant and absurd construction method that those who saw it have never heard of.

It is the Dwarfs who are responsible for most of the construction.

As construction progressed under their professional knowledge, beautiful buildings quickly began to rise in lakes and fields that seemed to be out of reach.

When he gets tired while playing the King of Spirits, he inhales Manapotion.

It was not difficult to roll the two spirits kings without a break because it was a matter of lack of manna and remaining mental power for me.

About three days after the first day.

After watching the construction site that was completely different from the beginning, I always watched the construction site with Tanya, who was sitting with me.

It was none other than Skeleton that showed the greatest efficiency.

Of course, the blackbird and Jackal criminals are also suffering from labor, but how much would it be if ordinary people with natural physical strength worked?

"Are they... are they okay to let go? Brother?"

"They deserve to die."

"Still..."

Was it pitiful for those who worked without being treated as human beings?

Tanya has murmured gloomily.

"Tanya."

"Yes, brother."

"The one who deserves the punishment."

"I know that, but..."

They were suffering from labor, but when they saw me, they rushed in and begged me as if they were possessed.

Please forgive me.

I'd rather kill me.

The answer I gave them was simple.

I don't intend to accept your opinion.

Harlin and Merden were beheaded outside the compound after legally making sure they were wrong.

What was surprising was that more people came to watch the scene than expected.

In fact, those two hit the back of Young Ji-min's head.

While they were dying, they begged me to save themselves and asked for forgiveness.

In the first place, it was not me, but the residents of this land who suffered from their evil deeds.

"If Orbani says..."

Tanya, who stepped down saying she would no longer raise an objection, slowly approached.

Then he rubbed my shoulder.

"Orabani, you're very stiff."

"Is that so?"

"Kkkkkkkkkkk... ...the man who said my shoulders were tight doesn't care about his body at all. I'll squeeze it for you."

Tanya pressed my shoulder tightly with a small hand, saying so.

"Are you cool?"

"It's all right."

"I do it because I like it. This is the only thing I can do for you here, but...

"You just have to be well. I'll stay here right now, but when it stabilizes, you should go back to the royal castle."

"I like it here. I want to be with my brother."

"If you do that at a full age, you will miss your husband."

Tanya chuckled at my joke.

"I still have a lot to learn from my brother."

on the art of archery

"Besides. I don't know right now. If possible... ...I don't want to insist on marriage."

As she said, I didn't mean to force Tanya to marry.

Tanya is only sixteen years old, although she canceled the wedding in the middle.

By the standards of the earth, it means that the student is still at the age of the student studying.

When a smile rose on his own, he fumbled about what was so good.

Tanya had a graceful personality, but in the past, she was very shy when she saw me.

However, Tanya changed over time and I was quite pleased with that change.

"Down."

While watching the construction site changing rapidly, I couldn't just play around.

It is the two spirits kings who discuss with Dwarf and proceed with the construction, but I am putting a lot of effort into maintaining them.

A total of three confirmed victims have not yet been sent home. There are two humans and one elf."

It was a treasure trove of the proximal leader, Monmidor.

"......"

"I think I've already... ..taken you out of the land... ...I'm sorry."

"Didn't they open their mouths?"

"People in the dark can't get good information no matter how much they torture them. They're the ones who are sure to cut their tails. And once it's been sold... "

I nodded my head at Monmeeder's report.

It's hard to find it if you've already left your hands and disappeared outside. I can't put a magic spell on every single Young Ji Min right now.

In reality, it was safe to say that he would never find it again.

but

"That's not good."

Monmidor's expression turned blue at my calm murmuring voice.

Then he shouted at me with his head down.

"Si, please kill God!!"

If you ask me to kill you, it's human that really kills you.

I opened my mouth when I was staring at Monmidor without a word.

"Do you know why humans and elves fought?"

"That's... "

"It's because of the slave hunting. Elves have naturally clean skin and soft features. In human standards, mysterious beauty and beauty are everywhere."

Greedy humans cannot have let the elf with a relatively likable appearance go away.

Slowly I got up from my seat and closed my eyes slowly.

"And on my land where I brought the Elf back to the world, the Elf was taken and sold as a slave.

"I...I...I...I...I..."

"We'll have guests in the afternoon. Tear the surroundings."

"So... you mean the guest?"

"Yes."

I mumbled quietly with my face erased.

White birds distinguish well, while black birds distinguish well.

The law of the underworld?

I don't know about that.

There's no trace of the darkest law. Or whether the line is secretly connected with knowledge is something to be seen.

* * *

"Good morning. Prince Davy."

"Yes, I've been waiting."

I opened my mouth looking at the document without a word.

In front of me were three ordinary men dressed in similar but different outfits.

"Echo. Gorgon, Alcade."

My murmur silenced them.

"I had a hard time getting in touch."

Saying so, I put out three papers straight away.

Blackbird and Jackal, the crime syndicates in the Mediterranean, were fearlessly trafficked here. This is information about the people who have already been kidnapped out of the land."

I said it calmly, looking up at them.

"Can you find it?"

"Already... ...it's hard to find anyone who's been sold."

Tung!!

As soon as the words were over, I took a large purse out of my arms and threw it away.

"It's platinum. I'll pay you in advance."

"......"

The surprise was difficult for them to be embarrassed by the amount beyond their imagination.

"I'm not commissioning you individuals."

I'm commissioning all three of you, the most famous information organizations on the continent.

"Fulfill this even if you put aside all the other requests."

"I'll buy you a whole piece of information... ...you mean?"

One of them, standing in the middle, squinted his eyes and asked.

"Yes."

"To do so... ..I don't have enough money."

"How much do you want?"

"You have to give 3,000 gold coins for each."

I nodded at the words.

It doesn`t matter how much it costs. Find it as soon as possible."

3,000 gold coins at most to find a commoner.

It was never a small amount.

"But even if you do, you won't find..."

"You don't want to see me as a pair of hot pants. Deputy head of the Echo Guild."

At my words, the man opened his eyes wide and the two men of the other organizations looked at me in surprise.

"Don't try to trade with me over what's possible. It's not just a deal with you guys."

"The date is..."

"I'll give you three days."

"......Too much. Our echo will reject this request."

Others were silent at the words.

"Really? If you don't want to, quit."

"......"

"Is Gorgon Guild and Alcade the same?"

Of course I have to refuse.

Unlike Mary's Guild Captain, the two did not readily refuse.

"Are you worried? Then I'll raise the stakes. All the information about the crimes that will take place on the territory of Hines in the future. I'll give you this instead."

Ttung!!

Three men opened their eyes to a gem taken out of the subspace.

"If you're an information guild member, you know that, right?"

an ancient hero

A myth to assassins.

One of the heroes of the Corridor, and to me, the Wolyeongbo and the landing block and detection.

Hermesia, the King of the Sons, who taught him the art of assassination.

It was the legacy of the Kingdom of Latcia, a jewel known to have stolen from the world during her lifetime.

"It's like a legend to your men. Am I wrong?"

"Gee... Is it genuine?"

Even though I said I would reject it, Mary's deputy head of guild asked carefully on the jewel I took out.

"D......the legacy of the kingdom of Latcia must have disappeared hundreds of years ago..."

"It's real. What can I do to check?"

A jewel named the Legacy of the Kingdom of Latcia can be identified by one action.

It is the fact that when you breathe in mana, it gives off the mysterious light that exists only in the world.

Actually, it's not genuine.

But it's good to make a jewel that has the same effect and the same shape.

Historical value?

Those who don't know will see it.

In fact, the legacy-grade jewel of the Kingdom of Latcia is not that high in the level of workmanship. It wasn't difficult to make a moderately real replica.

So where's the real product?

I'm sure she's still asleep at the report of the spray king Hermesia I know.

I didn't touch it, but it's true that I'm looking for a chance to shake it off later.

This jewel is just a beautiful jewel on the surface.

"You know, it's a rock. Just having it has the power to block the surroundings."

I patted the jewel, speaking calmly.

"Well, since you said you wouldn't do echoes, take them out. Alcade and Gorgon. What about you guys?"

"Gi... Please wait. Prince! I'll do it! We'll do it!"

The two men stepped out as if they were checking when Mary's deputy head of guild shouted.

"You don't have to leave the inside to the echoes. You don't have to trust them as long as the Information Guild, where credit is a priority, has given them credit. Gorgon will take over. I'm not sure about them, but I can find them as soon as I want. Just give me three days."

"No, we can give you the information you want in two days."

I smiled coldly at the words of three men who were competing for them.

"Is there anything else you want to say, Mary?"

"...I'm sorry. I didn't think much. Give me a day. I'll find them all in a day."

"Echo! There's a morality on this floor, too!"

"Yes, if you're going to fall out, back off."

"Don't be funny."

The acting head of the guild, echoed by the two men's onslaught, looked fierce.

If that kind of compensation has taken place, it just changes the story."

"Well, if you can't give up all three of them, fine. There are three groups, but there is only one reward. Then let's do this. I'll give it to the one who finds it first."

What about the other two?

Where credit and speed are life, should we eat shame raw?

The amount of the deposit is not small. The choice is yours. If you think there is no possibility compared to the other two organizations, you can step down."

My words filled the eyes of the three men with aspirations for jewelry.

It is the most precious treasure for assassins.

Aside from the simple utility value, that jewel literally had a huge symbolic value.

But is the price of jewelry low?

It wasn't like that either.

In fact, if that gem is known, it will be sold to collectors at a whopping price.

It's become one of the most common gems for me.

"Okay. Then we'll have to report to the guild leader and have a meeting, so we won't catch him anymore. Try to compete. Get out."

I said three men disappeared as if they had nothing more to say.

Echoes, gorgones, and alkaline are all large guilds and all guilds in the background. Of course, you have a good understanding of this physiology, and you probably have information about medium-sized or higher-class organizations such as Blackbird and Jackal.

In the first place, it also meant that they knew but remained silent.

Nevertheless, there were businesses that refused to accept it, but there were also credit problems within them.

But if all of those things were worth a long time.

In the first place, there is no reason for them to protect human traffickers.

The back world follows the back world's laws.

"We'll get blood for the feed."

Mumbling coldly, I mumbled quietly, looking down at a copy of the document of three people's personal information.

"I protect my Young Jimin."

It's the competition of three groups. It's hard to see.

I think so, but the effects will soon be revealed.

And. As if my predictionally.

It took only half a day to identify the whereabouts of the three people in Information Guild echo, which was the most powerful of the three guilds, and provide information on all the people related to the route.

Only half a day. If you're determined to be a continental information guild, the result will be obvious.

"It's easy to find people."

I smiled coldly as I checked the information given by Echo Information Guild member.